BDSM Library - Survival




Survival
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The mother and daughter went to Bahamas for vacation. Although the mother was much more conservative, they still drew quite some attention. After they were sold as slaves, their vacation became an experience of survival.
Survival - By Thunder
Chapter One

Vicky was a striking woman.  Respected by her peers at the
prestigious law firm.  She never failed to catch the men in the
office admiring her 5'10" athletic body she worked so hard on.  She
needed the attention to re-assure herself that she had not lost her
appeal.  At 45, she was starting over again since her husband Jim
of 18 years was killed in an automobile accident a year ago.  Now,
she was alone to raise their only daughter Megan.  Megan, at 17 is
a mirror image of her mom.  Tall, long blond hair, ample breasts
but not as large as her mothers still perky 38D's.  Both were proud
of their long, shapely legs.  Both Vicky and Megan could share the
same jeans with a 34" inseam.  After their loss of  Jim, they grew
closer together and became more like close friends than mother and
daughter.  Megan helped Vicky stay young in appearance by
suggesting a more revealing style of dress.  Shorter skirts,
blouses that enhanced her proud breasts, stylish hair makeover and
even talked her back into wearing higher spike heels to make her
legs more attractive.

After winning a very important civil case recently, Vicky was being
considered for a partnership in the firm.  She was presented with a
large cash bonus for her hard work on the case.  She also received
a pair of tickets to the Bahamas for her and Megan to enjoy a two
week vacation.   The bonus and vacation was a welcome adventure for
Vicky since she had not really had an opportunity to enjoy life
since the accident.

Megan was delighted as well and started planning their fun.  The
first trip was to the swim wear shop for new bikinis.  At Megan's
insistence, Vicky tried on a skimpy thong bikini with a half cup
demi style top with push up pads that made Vicky look even bigger
with lots of cleavage.  Vicky almost put her foot down but Megan
prevailed and she bought the outrageous little thing just to
appease Megan.  When they got home, Megan insisted on seeing what
it really looked like on her mom.  When they both tried on their
new purchases to model for each other, it was very evident that a
bikini wax was needed for both.  They giggled together and talked
about just shaving completely instead of the pain of a wax.

Megan didn't hesitate and ran off to perform the task at once.
Vicky went into her own bathroom and drew a nice hot bath.  After
soaking for a while, she decided to go through with it and picked
up her razor.  A few minutes later, Vicky held a hand mirror in
proper position to admire her handy work.   She was surprised at
the feeling of arousal she had just looking at her nakedness.
Nothing to hide her charms now.  She was having some very naughty
thoughts of the men at the office trying to peek up her skirt and
getting an eye full of what she was admiring in the mirror.  She
knew it would drive them wild.  She mused a bit about the
suggestion Megan kept making about getting rid of the suffocating
pantyhose and going for the lace top thigh high stocking she and
Megan had discovered at Victoria's Secret.  Megan had purchased
several pair and told Vicky how wonderful they felt.  Vicky made a
mental note to pick up a few pair for the trip.

After the bath and shave, Vicky went into the kitchen to fix some
dinner and Megan came in to help.  Like a school girl, Vicky would
look at Megan and just start giggling and laughing about both of
them now being even more alike with bald pussies.   They ate dinner
and then got down to the serious part of planning for the trip.

Three weeks later and it was the day of the big vacation.
Everything packed and ready to go, they went to the airport in a
limo.  They were both dressed like twins and fairly hard to tell
apart.  Both wore a white satin, button up the front blouse, black
skirt that stopped at mid thigh, identical heels, and for Vicky,
her new thigh high stocking and frilly panties.  At the airport,
the driver came around to open the door for them.  Megan was the
first out and Vicky was shocked to see Megan slide one leg out
first and was obviously giving the driver a good look up her
skirt.  He had a smile a mile wide.  Vicky got out and kept both
legs together and could tell the driver was disappointed as soon as
his smile disappeared.  As soon as they got in the airport, Vicky
asked Megan what she thought she was doing.  Megan just replied for
Vicky to lighten up and this was a vacation and they were supposed
to have fun.  Attracting men's attention was fun.  Vicky made an
off hand comment that she hopped the driver liked the panties Megan
had shown him.  Megan just smiled at Vicky, put her finger to her
cheek and said innocently, "what panties?"  Vicky smacked Megan on
her bottom in a playful manner.  Arm and arm, they went off to the
ticket counter with the sky cap and bags following close behind
admiring the sight of these two exceptional women.

The flight was long but uneventful and they were met by a limo
driver to take them to their hotel.  Megan pulled the same stunt
with the new driver and Vicky sternly warned Megan against causing
such an attraction that would get them in trouble.  Megan just
giggled.

They got to the hotel and were very pleased at the upscale
surroundings.  They were shown to their spacious two bedroom suite
and Megan kept running between the bedrooms trying to decide which
one she wanted while Vicky took care of the bell hop that delivered
the baggage.  Megan chose her room and went off to put on her
bikini and told Vicky to get moving so they could hit the pool
before dinner and soak up some rays.  Vicky went to the empty room
and changed.  After admiring her body in the mirror for a few
minutes she felt good about the way the new suit flattered her
figure.  She had never been in public before wearing a thong and
was a bit self conscious about sporting her ass cheeks for the
world to see.  She stood there for a few minutes, looking at her
rear end in the mirror and decided she worked hard for what she was
looking at, she might as well show them off.  She met Megan at the
door and off they went.

They found lounge chairs by the pool and each took turns rubbing
sun screen on each other bodies.  Vicky felt a bit awkward standing
there with Megan seeming to take extra time rubbing lotion on her
ass cheeks.  Megan was making them bounce and dance by rubbing back
and forth and up and down almost as if to show her mom off to
anyone that wanted to see her firm ass cheeks.  Vicky finally
pulled away from Megan and spun around to see Megan grinning up at
her with a devilish look in her eyes.  Megan giggled and said,
"C'mon Mom, flaunt it, you got it."

They both lay on the lounge chairs and enjoyed the sun.  It felt so
good to be warmed to the bone and the oil just made their skin
tingle with vitality.  Vicky had thoughts of wishing Jim could be
with them to enjoy the rewards of her hard work.  Vicky must have
fallen asleep because she was startled when a waiter from the bar
asked her if she wanted a drink.  She ordered an alcoholic drink
served in a pineapple for both her and Megan.  Vicky was allowing
Megan to drink every so often to show her how to drink responsibly.

After they finished their drinks, they decided to go up to their
rooms to get ready for dinner.  They showered and dressed for
dinner in the dinning room.  Megan pleaded for just one more exotic
drink in the pineapple and Vicky called room service and had two
more sent to the room while they finished getting ready.

Room service knocked and Vicky came out of her room to answer the
door and was shocked to see Megan had already let the waiter into
the room.  Megan was just holding a towel in front of her and
didn't even have it wrapped around her naked body.  When Vicky saw
this she called Megan's name out loud and Megan turned to face
Vicky, exposing her naked ass to the waiter.  Vicky was a bit angry
and told Megan to leave the room.  Megan walked into her bedroom
but didn't cover up her backside as she went.  Vicky shot the
waiter a stern look when she caught him admiring Megan's ass.

When the waiter left, Vicky took the drink into Megan and scolded
her about the dangers of flaunting it too much that it would do
nothing but get them into trouble.  They sipped the drinks and
finished dressing.  Megan put on a short white pleated shirt, dark
red silk blouse and matching red pumps with a moderate heel.  At
Megan's instance, Vicky was dressed the same, even to the thigh
highs that Vicky had to admit were comfortable.  Vicky insisted
Megan wear panties this time and though pouting, she put on a pair
of red lacy thong panties.

As they were about the leave, there was a knock on the door.  There
stood the same waiter holding two more drinks, apologizing for his
rude behavior earlier and said the drinks were on the house.  He
set them down and retreated in a hurry leaving the two women
looking at each other.  Vicky shrugged her shoulders and said 'what
the hell" and handed the squealing and jumping Megan another
pineapple drink.  They took the drinks to the balcony to admire the
sunset and sip their drinks.

About half way through the drink, Vicky started feeling dizzy.  She
looked at Megan and saw Megan's eyes half closed and her pupils
dilated.   Vicky knew they were in trouble and instinct took over.
Vicky stood and tried to walk into the living room area to call for
help.  Her legs just didn't want to move.  As she staggered into
the living area, frantically looking for the phone, she looked up
to see the door open and four men enter.  The waiter that had
brought the drinks was one of them.  She tried to speak but lost
consciousness.

Vicky woke with a crashing headache.  Disoriented, her eyes started
to focus in the dim light.  As she was coming to full
consciousness, she realized her hands were above her head for some
reason and tried to pull them down.  She froze in panic when she
realized she couldn't free her hands.  As she moved and tried to
free herself, she realized her muscles were sore when she tried to
move.  She thought she must have been hanging there for quite some
time to have made her sore.  As her eyes began to focus more, she
realized she was facing Megan who was hanging by her wrists less
that five feet away.  Poor beautiful Megan, her hair disheveled and
covering her face.  There was a puddle at Megan's feet and Vicky
knew she must have lost control of her bladder in her drug induced
sleep.  Vicky wanted to go to Megan and hold her and make every
thing OK but she knew she had to keep her wits and survival
instincts sharp.  There would be time later for consoling.

Vicky heard a door open behind her and spun around to confront the
threat.  A small, well dressed oriental woman and a large, rather
ugly man entered together.  The pair walked across the room and
stood on either side of Megan so they faced Vicky.  The oriental
woman finally spoke after surveying the puddle under Megan.  She
told Vicky her name was Mistress Kim and that Vicky and the little
kitten that needed house breaking was now her property.  Vicky
asked what that meant and Mistress Kim replied she had purchased
Vicky and Megan from a slave trader from the Bahamas.  When Vicky
insisted on knowing where they were and when they would be
released, Mistress Kim just laughed and walked up to Vicky.

Mistress Kim was quite a bit shorter than Vicky but she looked up
at Vicky with an evil look and just reached out with her delicate
small hand and stroked Vicky between her legs.  Vicky was appalled
and drew back from the assault.  Mistress Kim snapped her fingers
and the ugly thug knelt behind Vicky, grabbed her ankles and
roughly spread them apart.  Mistress Kim again reached out her hand
and slipped it under Vicky's short skirt.  Vicky tried to move away
from the unwanted touch but could not.  Mistress Kim smiled up at
Vicky and said, "get used to being touched, that is what I bought
you two for".

Vicky almost passed out with rage at being touched in this manner.
Mistress Kim went on to explain that Vicky and Megan were now the
property of Mistress Kim's sex club in Thailand.  The clientele
would pay big bucks to spend intimate time with such a tall
striking blond.  Vicky struggled and wept at the cruel words
Mistress Kim was speaking.  This was just too much to take and
Vicky lapsed back into unconsciousness.

The next time she woke, she was in a different room, sitting in a
chair.  She was alone in the small room. She checked herself over
and she was still dressed as before, nothing wrong.  But then she
felt the metal collar around her neck and the pad lock holding it
in place.  A long chain was lying on the table next to her.  There
was also a small ear piece like a hearing aid on the table.  Next
to the table was a TV monitor.  She called out to see if anyone was
there.  Nothing.

A long time went by, or at least it seemed like a long time.  Vicky
jerked in surprise as the monitor snapped on by itself and Mistress
Kim was on the monitor.  She was seated and was talking into the
camera like she was just chatting with Vicky like they were old
friends.  Vicky was repulsed by the woman, remembering the stroking
Mistress Kim had given her just before she passed out again.
Mistress Kim explained to Vicky that she was going to go on stage
in a few moments and do her first live performance.  Vicky shot
back something like when hell freezes over.

Mistress Kim smiled gently and snapped her fingers.  The camera
lens swung wide to the left and the new image shocked Vicky to her
toes.  Megan, still hanging from her wrists with the ugly thug
standing very close.  The camera swung back to Mistress Kim and
zoomed in for a close up of her face.  Mistress Kim stared into the
camera and her whole face seemed to warp into something evil.  She
spat the words out to Vicky that if Vicky did not do exactly what
she was told to do and without hesitation, the little virgin of a
daughter would loose her virginity to the ugly thug just waiting to
take care of the deed.

Vicky got so angry she was red in the face, her fists clenched in
rage.  Mistress Kim changed her demeanor back to the sweet gentle
voice and asked Vicky to pick up the ear piece and put it in her
ear.  Vicky got the ear piece and stuck it in.  Mistress Kim spoke
into a microphone and Vicky could hear the awful voice in here ear
as if the evil woman was inside her head.  The TV monitor went
black.

The ear piece crackled and Vicky heard the voice tell her to stand
up, face the wall and place her hands against it.  Vicky did as she
was told and she heard the door open.  Two large men came in and
took her by the arms and on the way out the door, one of them
grabbed the chain from the table.  Vicky was taken to a dimly lit
area that was pretty large with a curtain on one side of the room
and a table at the other side against a wall.  There was a curious
metal pole mounted in the middle of the room.

The two men took Vicky into the center of the room and locked one
end of the chain with a padlock to the metal collar around her
neck.  With that done, one of the men got a step ladder and climbed
a few rungs to reach a hook suspended from a long wire that went to
the ceiling.  When Vicky looked up to see what was going on, she
saw large lights suspended from the ceiling, the type used in stage
productions.  How odd Vicky thought.  The men then wheeled in a
large TV monitor and placed it up next to the large curtained wall
and about ten feet to Vicky's left.  The monitor sparked on and the
image showed poor Megan still hanging there with the thug standing
next to her.  This time, the pig had his cock out, stroking it with
one hand and squeezing Megan's breast with the other.  Vicky
screamed only to hear the ear piece bark the order to shut up.

Mistress Kim explained in a firm tone that Vicky would perform
exactly as she was instructed to do or the ugly thug would rape
both of Megan's virgin holes while Vicky was forced to watch the
monitor.  Vicky stiffened and agreed by shaking her head.  Mistress
Kim's voice ordered Vicky to stand facing the curtain with her legs
apart and her head bowed.  When Vicky complied, the curtain parted
and blazing lights blasted her in the face.

A roar went up from a crowd of men somewhere in the room.  The
lights were so bright Vicky could not see them.  She held up her
hands and the ear piece barked to get her hands away from her
face.  In shock, Vicky dropped her hands immediately.

The ear piece talked to Vicky's brain and ordered Vicky to remove
her panties.  Vicky hesitated and looked in fear at the monitor.
The thug reached under Megan's skirt and ripped the red lace
panties off her helpless body and held them up for Vicky to see.
Vicky started to tear up and reached for the hem of her skirt.  As
she was raising the hem, the ear piece told her not to raise it too
high and give the crowd a look too soon.  Vicky awkwardly peeled
the thong panties from between the cheeks of her ass and dropped
them on the floor.  She was immediately ordered to pick them up and
throw them into the audience.  As she started to reach for them,
the chain attached to her collar stopped her short and damn near
choked her.

She stood back up and screamed, "HOW"!  The ear piece told her to
use her imagination and be quick about it.  Vicky put the toe of
her shoe under the panties and kicked them into the audience.  The
crowd cheered loudly.

The ear piece ordered Vicky to take off her blouse and bra.  Vicky
froze and more tears welled up.  Through the haze of tears, she
could see the monitor and was horrified to see the thug ripping
poor Megan's blouse to shreds.  Vicky wailed but started to
unbutton her blouse.  The crowd cheered again.

As Vicky was letting the blouse slide off the last arm, the ear
piece barked, "in the crowd, throw it NOW".  Like a zombie, Vicky
tossed the blouse in the crowd.  She could hear the mad scramble
for it.  The ear piece barked for the bra next and Vicky glanced at
the monitor and saw poor Megan had already lost her bra and the
thug was pawing both naked breasts.  Vicky screamed again and in
one quick movement, unhooked the bra and flung it away.  In an act
of involuntary modesty, Vicky folded her arms across her breasts.
The ear piece barked an evil hiss into her brain, "stand up
straight you cunt and let them look at your tits."  Vicky was so
shocked at this command and the way it was said and the language
used, she stood up straight like she had been shocked.  Her hands
now at her sides, the crowd hooted and cat called yelling for her
to bounce her tits for them.  The evil ear piece cooed in her ear,
"give them what they want slut, bounce your tits for them".




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Two

Vicky was resting when the guard came for her.  She was very
apprehensive because tonight was "piercing" night.  She would have
done anything to save her beautiful breasts from being "decorated"
as Mistress Kim wanted but that would be to sacrifice Megan.  She
had to go through with it.  Vicky thought it very cruel of Mistress
Kim to make her think about it all night and all day long.  She
wondered how far into her performance she would have to go before
the event would be sprung.  She thought of what the pain must be
like.  She shut the thoughts from her mind when she heard the snap
of the lock at her collar.

Wearing her slut heels and her robe, she was lead by the collar and
chain leash to the curtained stage area.  It was dark as usual but
lit enough to see the damn pole and something new.  A platform
about 5' by 5', on rollers.  It had two vertical metal poles
mounted on one end.  They were about waist high and a metal bar
running horizontal across the top of the two vertical poles.  They
appeared to Vicky to perhaps be a handle for pushing the platform.
She was wrong.  She was led to the platform and she stepped up on
it.  She was forced up against the metal bar which contacted her at
just below her belly button.   Straps were placed around her
ankles. Her robe was removed and she was cuffed in front this time.
The hoist cable was attached directly to the cuffs. The guard knelt
down behind her and forced her leg to the outer edge of the
platform and attached the ankle strap to a large eye bolt.  The
bolt was about a foot and a half from the vertical poles.  He did
the same with the other ankle and this forced her ankles apart to
the full 5' of the platform.  She had to lean over the bar for
balance.  She could just imagine how spread she must be if someone
looked at her from behind.  The guard then pushed the platform back
away from the curtain causing the hoist cable tight and forced her
to lean further over the bar so her breasts swung free.

The guard left and Mistress Kim came out and placed the damn ear
piece in Vicky's ear.  Mistress Kim stood in front of Vicky looking
up at her.  Because Vicky was on the platform and Mistress Kim was
so small, Vicky's breasts were staring Mistress Kim right in the
eyes.  Mistress Kim reached up with her small hands and pinched and
squeezed Vicky's nipples without mercy.  Vicky winced and
involuntarily pulled back.  Mistress Kim swatted Vicky's breasts
like a pair of punching bags and in her evil hissing tone said, "no
hesitation, follow direction or else kitten not so safe".  She
smiled an evil smile and walked to the rear of the platform and got
up behind Vicky.  Vicky could feel the small hands of the evil
woman rubbing between her legs and then parting her exposed lips.
Vicky could feel her lips spread and then her clit was being
tongued.  It was like electricity to Vicky.  How revolting and
pleasurable at the same time.  Mistress Kim then walked around to
face Vicky again and grabbed her hair and kissed her full on the
mouth.  Not only was Vicky revolted by this evil woman kissing her,
Vicky could immediately tell she was tasting her own juices on the
woman's mouth.  Vicky swallowed hard and then almost lost it when
Mistress Kim darted her tongue deep in Vicky's mouth.  As Mistress
Kim let go of Vicky and started to leave, she turned and wagged a
finger at Vicky saying, "be good so nothing happen to kitten".

Vicky barely had time to get over the revolting kiss when the
curtain split open and the lights hit her again.  She blinked and
closed her eyes.  The ear piece hissed for her to open her eyes.
She did but had to blink until she could adjust.  The crowd was
clapping and stomping loudly.

Vicky heard footsteps and turned to see a tall thin man, dressed in
a long white coat.  He was carrying a small black bag and pulling a
little tray table along behind him.  He walked up to Vicky and slid
the tray close.  He opened his bag and took out two very long
medical forceps that had open triangles at the tip.  He showed them
to Vicky as he pulled them out.  He smirked and laid them on the
tray.  He then produced a couple of cotton swabs and a bottle of
some orange colored liquid.  Next came two large metal rings that
had a split.  The two ends of the split twisted apart.  The rings
were large in gage but only about a half an inch in diameter.  Two
hefty looking needles that looked hollow came out next and were
placed next to the other stuff.  The bag was snapped shut and the
thin man walked to the edge of the stage and retrieved a chair on
rollers.  He scooted the chair to in front of Vicky and sat down
and moved forward.  He was almost under her breasts like a car
mechanic would work on the under side of a car on a hoist.

He reached up and grabbed and twisted her breasts in a very rude
manner.  Batted them back and forth like a cat playing with a
hanging toy.  Vicky's breasts swung free and heavy to this torment
and the crowd hooted and yelled.  The man then placed his palms
against both nipples, sort of cupping her breasts in his open
hands.  He jiggled his hands rapidly up and down and side to side
making her breasts danced an obscene little dance all on their
own.  The crowd yelled for more.

He then took both hands and squeezing from the base of the breast
to the nipple.  He performed a milking action that brought blood to
the nipple and then he squeezed causing Vicky to squirm at the
uncomfortable feeling.  He performed this milking action until
Vicky's nipples were engorged and larger than normal.  She always
thought she had large nipples anyhow after breast feeding Megan but
what this man had done, made them the size and color of a ripe
cherry.

He reached to the tray and got a swab and dipped it in the orange
liquid.  He painted her nipples with the liquid.  It stung a bit
because of the torment he had just put them through.  He reached up
and placed the bottle and swab on the tray and came back with the
forceps.    He grabbed a big handful of her left breast about mid
way to the base and just squeezed.  As the nipple popped to
attention, he placed the triangular tips of the forceps on either
side of her nipple.  He carefully centering the opening in the
triangular end piece behind the nipple where it melted into the
breast tissue.  He squeezed the handles of the forceps together.
The pain made her cry out in agony.  As the handles of the forceps
closed, Vicky could hear a ratcheting sound and instinctively knew
the forceps was locked in place. He let the forceps drop and hang,
swinging from her nipple. The man didn't hesitate, he grabbed the
other breast and performed the same agonizing clamping of her other
nipple and let the forceps swing and hang.

He moved quickly now and snatched a needle from the tray.  Vicky
closed her eyes and felt the sharpest pain since giving birth to
Megan.  The man passed the needle all the way through and then
pushed it out with the split end of one of the rings.  The needled
made a tinkling sound as it hit the floor.  He pushed the split
ends of the ring closed against a small bead and she heard and felt
it click closed.  She tried to summon the strength for the next
one.

The same process was done on the other breast and Vicky could not
hold back the scream.  She could feel blood trickle from both
rings.  The man opened the bag again and took out a white towel and
spray bottle.  He sprayed something on her nipples that was cold
and smelled of antiseptic.  Almost at once, her nipples ceased to
hurt.  She imagined there must have been some novocaine or
something to take away the pain.  He wiped her breasts with the
towel and she could see the red of her blood from the rings.  After
a couple of sprays from the bottle and more wiping, there was no
more blood on the white towel.  She was thankful she would not
bleed to death.

The man opened the bag and tossed all the gear into it, placed it
on the tray and then slid the tray and chair to the side of the
stage.  He returned and got up on the platform behind Vicky.  He
reached around her and grabbing the base of her breasts, swung them
back and forth and shook them up and down making the rings dance.
The crowd loved the show.

The man let go of her breasts and reached for her pussy.  She was
panic stricken.  He massaged her clit and probed her with his
fingers.  To her horror, he placed three fingers up her pussy and
she felt his thumb forcing it's way up her bottom.  She thrashed
her head around to try to see him and screamed "NO".

The second the word came out of her mouth, the ear piece hissed to
life.  She knew she had done something that would cause severe
consequences.  She closed her eyes to the thoughts that she just
flashed in her mind.  Mistress Kim hissed into the ear piece, "you
were warned".  Vicky's heart skipped a beat.

The man behind her removed his fingers and she felt him fumbling
with the front of his trousers.  Before she could even blink, she
felt him violate her.  He rammed his cock deep up her with one
swift motion causing her to suck her breath in.  He was pounding
her savagely making her breasts heave and bounce because of the
position she was in.  They swung and danced to the pounding she was
receiving from behind.  The crowd roared.

As she was being pounded, wishing he would just finish and get it
over with, the crowd roared again.  She whipped her head around and
almost died to see Megan strapped to an identical platform being
wheeled to the center and parked.  The guard stopped Megan's
platform close to  Vicky so Megan was able to see what was being
done to her mother.  When Vicky looked at Megan, she saw tears in
Megan's eyes as well as intense fear. Megan's mouth had also been
taped shut.   She wanted to comfort Megan in the worst way but was
strapped to this damn platform with a cock up her pussy.

The man arched his back and unloaded a tremendous load of cum
inside Vicky.  She was so disgusted, she had to swallow to keep
from throwing up.  The man pulled out and zipped up his fly.

As he was getting off the stage, two guards came out and the hoist
cable lowered.  As they were taking Vicky's cuffs off, the ear
piece told Vicky "better be good, last chance".  The guards spun
the platform Vicky was on so her ass was now facing the crowd.  The
ear piece told Vicky to lean over the bar, grab the cheeks of her
ass and spread them wide.  Vicky quickly did what she was told and
she could feel the foul load of cum the man had just deposited,
start to run out of her still open pussy.  The crowd yelled and
cheered as the liquid ran out and pooled between Vicky's spread
legs.

The guards came back out and spun Vicky's platform so Vicky was
face to face with Megan.  One guard slapped a piece of tape across
Vicky's mouth and pressed it tight.  The guards then attached the
hoist cable to Megan's cuffs and the hoist raised Megan's arms well
above her head.  This forced her to lean forward and stand in the
same spread, leaning position Vicky was in earlier.  Megan's
breasts were not as large as Vicky's but were still large by
oriental standards and hung heavy.

The ear piece hissed to life again and told Vicky to cup her own
breasts, lean forward and display the new rings for Megan.  Megan's
eyes grew wide with fear.  Vicky tried to give Megan a look with
her own eyes that conveyed that they didn't hurt anymore.  The tape
prevented communications between them.

Mistress Kim pranced back on stage, waving her arms and chattering
something in a language Vicky did not understand.  The crowd
roared.  Vicky glanced over and men were pressing close to the
stage waving wads of what appeared to be money.  Arms waving,
shouting, jumping up and down as Mistress Kim walked up and down
the front of the stage.  Vicky just knew this was about Megan.  Her
heart skipped a beat.

Mistress Kim stopped, snatched the wad of money from one short, fat
oriental in a shabby business suite.  He raised his arms above his
head as he leaped on stage and did a little dance.  As she went
down the line, Mistress Kim snatched three more wads of money and
three more disgusting looking little men jumped and pranced on
stage.

Mistress Kim clapped her hands and lined them up in a straight
line, facing the two bound and helpless women.  Mistress Kim came
face to face with Vicky who was still leaning forward, cupping her
own breast in a display posture.  Vicky did not dare move.
Mistress Kim came so close to Vicky's face, Vicky could smell the
foul breath of the evil little woman.  Mistress Kim looked Vicky in
the eyes and hissed, "you learn big lesson tonight, follow orders,
not hesitation, no matter what".

Vicky wanted to reach out and choke the evil bitch but she knew she
was helpless to resist.  She could barely see through the tears as
Mistress Kim told her Megan had to match her mother so Megan would
have her nipple pierced as well.  Vicky was warned if she moved
from the position she was presently in, the "doctor" would get to
fuck Megan while Vicky watched.  Mistress Kim asked Vicky if she
would hold still and Vicky nodded yes.

Still facing each other, naked, helpless and obscenely displayed,
Megan and Vicky locked eyes.  The "doctor" came back out dragging
his tray and chair and proceed to set up for Megan's piercing.  He
sat in the chair and manipulated Megan's breasts as he had done
Vicky's.  He grabbed the base of each breast and squeezed down in
the milking action to engorge Megan's tiny nipples.  As Vicky
watched in horror at what was about to be done to her poor sweet
Megan, the ear pieced hissed that the four disgusting men would
"entertain" Vicky while the "doctor" did his work.  The ear piece
warned Vicky not to move and hold her tits up for the men.  Vicky
froze in the leaning position and took a firm grip on her breast
and squeezed them up.  She closed her eyes when she heard Mistress
Kim seemingly going through a count down.

All of a sudden, at what must have been the last number of the
count down, the little men were on her like a pack of wolves.  They
pushed and shoved and jockeyed for position.  The first target was
her spread and helpless pussy and ass hole.  The first two men on
the platform dove for the holes and penetrated both almost at the
same time.  Vicky gasped against the tape.  The other two men raced
around front and each grabbed and squeezed one breast each almost
tearing them loose from Vicky's grip.  Vicky sucked air in hard
through her nose when the little bastards attacking her tits
started pulling on the fresh new nipple rings.  Vicky looked down
at her nipples and could not believe how far the little bastards
were stretching them.  About the time she was starting to worry
about her nipples being ripped off, she heard Megan scream through
her tape gag and saw the same gage ring being forced through the
first nipple.

Mistress Kim's voice came over the loudspeakers and barked
something in the foreign language again.  The four men that were
attacking Vicky stopped and exchanged positions.  The two from
behind now twisted and stretched Vicky's nipple rings and her pussy
and ass hole were assaulted with new enthusiasm.  Vicky was
distracted once again by the tugging and pulling on her nipples and
one of the little bastards behind her had almost his entire fist up
her pussy and was twisting it wildly while pulling and pinching her
clit.  She thought her ass hole would be ripped by the other man
because he was digging and gouging without mercy.  She was brought
back from her distraction by another scream from Megan.  Vicky
thought, "thank god, at least she is through it".

Vicky kept a firm grip on her breasts while the men continued to
torment and stretch her nipples and she tried to tune out the
unholy assault on her pussy and ass hole.  The "doctor" was
spraying Megan with the liquid that took away the pain and stopped
the bleeding.  He wiped away with the towel and toyed with Megan's
rings, adjusting them so the little bead that snapped the ring
together hung to the bottom.  He bounced Megan's breasts up and
down and watched the rings bounce along with the breasts.

The ear piece snapped her brain to focus from the hatred she was
projecting toward the "doctor".   Mistress  Kim's evil voice told
Vicky to let go of her tits and lock her hands behind her head and
lean forward even more.  Vicky didn't even think to hesitate, she
just did as ordered.  The men at her tits had free swinging toys to
play with now and attacked them with more energy.  One man on each
breast, they jiggled and bounced and swung them.  One man put his
palm flat and pushed the breast he controlled up into a flattened
position.  He then just dropped his hand away and the breast fell
on it's own and just wiggled.  The other little bastard liked what
he saw and did the same with the breast he controlled.  Both men
alternated flattening a breast and letting it fall and jiggle.
Vicky was so humiliated by all this obscene probing and disgusting
display of her body she wanted to just close her eyes and wish
everything away.

She opened her eyes again when she heard Mistress Kim clapping and
yelling commands to be heard over the din of the crowd noise.  The
crowd was in a frenzy.  The men tormenting Vicky quickly got off
the platform and lined up again.  Two guards came out and unhooked
Megan's arms and cuffed her hands behind her back.  Megan tried to
raise up a bit and the "doctor" got up on the platform and pushed
her forward into a leaning position again.  Mistress Kim was
standing in front of Vicky and said, "you learn big lesson, yes?"
Vicky shook her head.  "You do what you ordered".  Vicky shook her
head again.  "We see about that". Mistress Kim said in a hiss and
barked something to the guards.

The guards unhooked Vicky's ankles and took her off the platform.
They tied her ankles back together and cuffed her hands behind her
back.  Vicky was in a kneeling position, facing Megan so her
profile was to the crowd who had quieted, waiting to see what
Mistress Kim was about to make her do.  The guard hooked the hoist
cable to Vicky's wrist cuffs and the cable started up.  This
brought Vicky's arms back and up, forcing her to lean forward or
have her arms ripped from their sockets.




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Three

Vicky was jarred by the sound of heavy footsteps on metal.  She
blinked and tried to focus and sat straight up at the realization
she had not been dreaming.  She really was in a small cell in some
hole called Mistress Kim's Sex Club.  The act of sitting up
abruptly reminded her of what she had been through the night
before.  Every bone in her body ached and she could hardly move.
She thought to herself, "how can my hair hurt"?  The sound of the
boots were coming back and she identified the sound as coming from
above.  She looked up and there was a man walking along the cat
walk above her cell.  He paused and then she heard him speak in a
language she did not understand as if talking into a radio.  She
had to pee but waited until the man walked away and then she raced
to the toilet.  She had just finished draining her bladder when the
door rattled and opened.  Because she still had her hands cuffed
behind her, she was unable to clean herself.  A guard stepped in,
hooked a leash to her collar and motioned for her to follow him.
She followed along a dark hallway and then through a door that
opened onto a beautifully decorated room.  There were potted plants
everywhere, ornate furniture, tapestries on the walls and floor.
The guard continued through the room and into a smaller room that
appeared to be an old English library.  She was led to a table near
a window that overlooked a courtyard.  There were statues and
beautiful landscaping she could see from the window.  The guard
motioned for Vicky to sit in one of the chairs and then locked the
loose end of the chain leash to a ring on the floor under the
table.  The guard left.

Vicky heard the shuffle of feet and turned around to see a woman in
kitchen garb carrying a tray with what appeared to be a pot of
coffee, cups, some croissants and fresh sliced fruit.  The smallish
woman poured a cup of coffee for Vicky, bowed and then backed
away.  Another small woman appeared with a small basin of warm
water and a towel.  She washed the thick coating of dried cum from
Vicky's face and hair.  Her wrists were released and Vicky grabbed
the cup of coffee to relieve the horrible taste of cum still in her
mouth.  Vicky had never smelt and tasted coffee this delicious and
gulped it. She added nothing of her usual disguises to the coffee
and drank the cup black.  As she was getting ready to pour another
cup, more rustling coming through a door at the other end of the
library and she heard Megan scream "MOM".  Mistress Kim was in the
lead with a guard leading a Megan by a similar chain leash.  Megan
was nude except for the slut heels. The two women were almost
identical twins, including the fresh nipple rings that made their
nipples protrude from their breasts and they wore the same 6" slut
heels.   As much as Megan wanted to break and run to her mom, the
guard held fast to the leash.  The high heels Megan was wearing
made her walk in a pronounced fashion and Vicky saw this caused
Megan's breasts to bounce.  The bouncing was also causing the new
nipple rings to bounce.  When they were close enough, Megan and
Vicky embraced and both wept.  The guard fastened Megan's chain to
the same floor anchor as Vicky's chain.

Mistress Kim clapped her hands rapidly and said "enough, enough,
enough, plenty of time for this later, first we eat and discuss
rules and business".  Megan took a seat opposite Vicky and Mistress
Kim sat at the head of the table facing the window.  Mistress Kim
spoke and told the two women that this would be part of their
normal life now.  They would eat breakfast together at this table
and enjoy the view and be well taken care of.  After breakfast they
would be taken for a bath, massage, and generally would be pampered
like queens.  This would all be theirs to enjoy as long as Vicky
was a good performer each night.  Any hesitation to follow
directions would be met with sever consequences.  As Mistress Kim
reminded Vicky of her ordeal the night before, Megan just starred
at Vicky and her eyes filled with tears.  She wailed she was sorry
and Mistress Kim slammed a crop across the top of the table.  "No
whimpering", she yelled.  Megan choked down a sob and Vicky just
stared straight at Mistress Kim.

Vicky spoke to Mistress Kim in a sharp voice.  "If you expect me to
perform your filthy acts for you, I want your promise no harm will
come to Megan".  Mistress Kim smiled and in a little playful tone
said, "you follow direction, no harm to kitten".    Vicky asked if
she could be alone with Megan.  Mistress Kim got up and said, "half
hour, be ready for bath and massage" and turned and disappeared.

The two got up and embraced each other and then Vicky examined the
nipple rings in  Megan's breasts. Trying to comfort Megan, Vicky
said she would make sure no further harm would come to her.  A
thought in the back of her mind wondered if that would really be
true.  Vicky examined her own rings with Megan looking on and just
tossed her breast as she let it go as if her own body disgusted her
now.

They sat and ate fresh fruit, drank coffee and tried to catch up on
what had happened to the other.  Vicky did not reveal the brutal
mouth rape by the "doctor".  Vicky kept telling Megan not to loose
hope of being rescued.  Vicky secretly wondered how that would be
possible.

The half an hour was gone way too soon and two guards came for the
women.  They were lead down a hall and through a large opening to a
spa area.  A large whirl pool bath was swirling with bubbles in the
center of the room and there were massage tables set up next to
each other at one end of the pool.  There were four small women
dressed in terry robes.  The guards locked the loose ends of the
chain leash to a hook in the floor between the massage table and
the pool.  Vicky looked and Megan and with one shrug of her
shoulders, reached for the straps on the high heels and Megan got
the idea and did the same.  Both women were sinking into the tub
with ohhh's and aahhhh's coming from both of them.  What a soothing
relief Vicky felt.  It was marvelous.

The four attendants were quiet and sitting along a bench against
the wall.  Vicky looked over at them after a while and then winked
at Megan.  "Hey", she said, "let's go be queen for a day".  They
got out of the pool and laid on the massage table, face down with
their heads pointing toward each other.  The attendants jumped up
and picked up oil bottles and doused the two women with a liberal
application and then Vicky and Megan had two attendants each,
rubbing and stroking every muscle and limb from one end of their
bodies to the other.  They were in heaven.  After a long while, the
attendants helped the two almost liquid women to lay on their
backs.  The massage continued and every inch of their front side
was massaged and pampered.  Especially their breasts and crotch.
Vicky could not help but remember this luxury was at a price.

After the massage, they were toweled off and given robes and the
attendants put the outrageous high heels back on their feet.
Mistress Kim came into the room with two guards and led the women
to a small sitting room with an old fashioned phonograph and books
and a collection of parlor games.  Mistress Kim told them they
would stay here until lunch.  After lunch, they would be shown to
their permanent rooms.

Jazz was playing on the phonograph and the two were laying on the
sofa in a cuddling position.  Lunch was brought in and consisted of
fresh fruit, lean cuts of turkey breast, salad and water.  They ate
lunch in silence and were just finished when Mistress Kim came back
in with the guards.

The two women were collected by their leash and were escorted down
another hall to a large living room.  Beautiful furniture, more
book shelves, plush carpet and doors at either side of the room.
The guards split the women up and each was taken to the opposite
room.  When the doors opened, they were led into a beautifully
appointed bedroom with a four posted bed and a small closet.  A
bathroom led off the bedroom.  Both rooms were identical with the
living room as the common area.  Mistress Kim explained they could
spend time together in the living room when they had their free
time.  When it was time for Vicky to perform, Megan would be
chained to her bed and would remain there until the next morning
unless Vicky did not follow orders.

Mistress Kim told Vicky she better get some rest because her
performance was going to be in three hours.  The guards took the
women into their respective room and chained their collars to a
bolt mounted in the headboard of the bed.  The chain leash was
extra long and allowed the distance to the bathroom for use of the
toilet.

Vicky lay on her bed staring at the ornate ceiling tile, wondering
what was in store for her tonight.  Megan lay on her bed, toying
with the new rings in her nipples, wondering if her mom could
really keep her safe.  Megan knew all this was changing her mom.
She could tell the subtle difference at the breakfast meeting.
Vicky was strong but Megan knew her mom has been pushed close to a
breaking point.

Vicky must have dosed off because she was awakened by the guard
unhooking her chain.  He led her through the living room, out the
door and down the hall.  The trip was short to the stage.  Her robe
was removed and her wrists cuffed in front.  The hoist cable
attached to the cuffs and raised so her arms where just above her
head.  The guard put a spreader bar between her ankles and locked
them in place.

Mistress Kim cam out holding a tray.  On the tray were three
objects.  The most noticeable object was a long and very large
dildo shaped like an ice cream cone.  At the big end, it was about
as round as the pole Vicky had been made to ride the first night
and then it tapered to a point.  She noticed it had a wire the size
of a man's little finger coming from the pointed end.  The dildo
appeared to be made of rubber and had little metal dots all over
it.  The other object was a rounded mushroom looking thing.  The
bulbous end had the same little metal dots as did the small shaft
that looked like the stem of a mushroom.  The head of the mushroom
was a little larger than a golf ball.  The same sized wire came out
from the bottom of the stem part.  The third item worried Vicky.
It was a long wire like was attached to the other objects but the
free end had a metal alligator type clamp attached.  The tray was
laid on the floor in front of Vicky.  Mistress Kim stepped back and
the curtain opened to the cheer of the crowd.

Mistress Kim spoke in the language Vicky could not understand and
the crowd was hushed and listened carefully.  In mid sentence, the
crowd erupted in screams and yells and clapped like mad.  Vicky
knew it was because they had been told what to expect tonight.  She
was still trying to figure it out.

Three Microphones on stands were brought out on stage.  One was
placed in the center edge of the stage pointing at the center of
the crowd.  The other two were placed at opposite ends of the stage
and pointed to that third of the audience.  The lead wires from the
microphones were brought back to a box laying on the stage and
attached.  The big ugly thug that had threatened and molested Megan
on their first night, came out on stage.  He was carrying a bottle
of clear looking liquid.  He knelt down next to Vicky and ran his
rude fingers from her ass hole to her clit and back again.  Vicky
squirmed but didn't say anything.  He picked up the mushroom
looking thing and poured liquid on it.  He walked over to the part
of the crowd on Vicky's left and showed them.  He came back behind
Vicky and with one swift motion, the mushroom was up Vicky's ass.
She was unprepared for the force with which he stabbed the plug up
her ass and she shrieked.  When the large head of the probe passed
her sphincter, it slammed shut around the stem part and helped hold
the head just inside the opening.  This made Vicky feel very full
and uncomfortable. She squirmed at the intense feeling and the
burning sensation from having her ass hole violated like that.  The
ugly man picked up the ice cream cone looking thing and went to the
stage to Vicky's right and showed them.  He came back and poured
liquid on the large rounded head and in the same uncaring manner,
slapped the big head between Vicky's pussy lips and shoved.  The
violation brought Vicky to her toes.  The conical shape of this
intruder made her vagina squeeze tight which forced it deeper in
side.  If she tried to squeeze to expel it, the opposite reaction
was achieved and she just made it go deeper.  The thug picked up
the clamp and showed it to the center of the audience.  He brought
it back to Vicky, leaned down and with the thumb and index finger
of one hand, spread her lips wide apart and just snapped the clamp
right on her clit.  Her knees buckled and she hung by the hoist
cable, unable to close her legs for relief because of the spreader
bar.  The wires to each of the three items intruding Vicky's crotch
were plugged into the opposite end of the box that the microphones
were plugged into.

Mistress Kim came prancing back on stage.  She waved her arms in
the air to incite the crowd to a fever pitch.  She continued to
speak over the loud speaker in the language Vicky could not
understand so she had no idea what was in store for her.  She just
knew she had to do something to get relief from the clamp on her
clit.  She wiggled and gyrated her hips but realized there was no
relief to be accomplished by her movement because it made the
mushroom up her ass squish and the dildo crawled deeper.  In agony
she just stood there waiting.

Mistress Kim waved her arms in a downward motion and the crowd got
really quiet.  Vicky watched intently.  Mistress Kim walked over to
the box on the floor and flipped a switch located on the top of the
box, just above the connection leading to the mushroom up her ass.
She then walked over to the microphone on the left side of the
stage and clapped her hands once into the microphone.  A slow
vibrating electric shock encircled  Vicky's ass hole and made her
thrust her hips forward in an involuntary movement.  The movement
caused the big dildo to be driven deeper because it tightened her
muscles and the clamp tugged the wire so her clit was stretched.
The vibrating shock lasted about 10 seconds and then ceased.

Mistress Kim clapped into the microphone one more time and the same
uncomfortable but erotic sensation gripped Vicky's ass hole.
Again, her body betrayed her desire to hold perfectly still and
again the dildo went deeper and her clit was tugged.

Mistress Kim walked back to the box and flipped the switch off and
activated the one on the right side.  She walked over to the
microphone on the right side and clapped once.  The dildo surged to
an incredible sensation that caused Vicky to involuntarily close
her legs and squeeze her pussy muscles tight, driving the damn
dildo to incredible pressure.  The sensation lasted about 10
seconds and Vicky was able to relax and separate her legs to a
comfortable spread position.  With a smile, a second clap into the
microphone and the duplicate response of buckling knees and deeper
penetration.  The sensation ceased and she stood up again.

Mistress Kim walked to the box and turned the switch off and
activated the center switch.  Vicky knew what was coming and
tensed.  The clap into the microphone brought an intense buzzing
shock to her clit and she stiffened.  She pushed her hips backward
trying to bend in the middle in an involuntary effort to protect
her clit.  Again, the mushroom squished and the dildo probed as she
tried to close her legs and bend forward.  A second test clap and
Mistress Kim was ready.

The switches were turned off and Mistress Kim spoke to the crowd
again and the cheers and hoots echoed around the room.  She walked
to the little box, lowered her hands demanding quiet from the crowd
and flipped the activation switch for the mushroom.  Vicky tenses
and watched Mistress Kim with intense eyes.  Like a conductor,
Mistress Kim lowered both hands and then raised them to waist
high.  The left side of the room erupted in soft applause and
Vicky's ass was immediately gripped in the intense sensation as
before.  She threw her hips forward and her legs shook as she tried
to escape the mushroom.    Mistress Kim dropped her hands and the
applause stopped.  Vicky slumped.  Mistress Kim raised her hands
again and the soft applause brought the mushroom back to life and
Vicky was again thrown into her involuntary dance.  Mistress Kim
raised her hands to shoulder level and the audience clapped harder
and louder and Vicky was caught in a wicked grip centered at her
ass hole.  Her legs shook and she strained to close her legs.
Mistress Kim's arms shot over her head and when the audience
responded with a thunderous applause, Vicky shook uncontrollably
making her breasts heave and bounce.  Like an evil little director,
Mistress Kim raised and lowered her arms and the crowd responded
with softer or louder applause.  The mushroom kept tempo and
strength with the applause.  Vicky knew she would not survive this
torment.  She had only been subjected to this form of stimulation
from only one of the probes for about 5 minutes.

Mistress Kim snapped the lever off for the mushroom and activated
the right side switch for the dildo.  Vicky sucked in her breath
and the audience responded to the signal and Vicky's  knees buckled
and the dildo tried to crawl through her throat.  Like the
mushroom, the louder the applause, the more intense the stimulation
coming from the dildo.  Vicky's mind was reeling when the applause
stopped and she was allowed to relax.  There was a thin film of
sweat already forming on her body.

As Mistress Kim reached down and adjusted the proper switches to
turn off the dildo and turn on the clit switch, she looked at Vicky
and winked.  She said, "You learn a new dance tonight".   When she
raised her arms, Vicky shot her hips violently backward and fucked
herself hard with the dildo without thinking of the consequences.
The vibration was so intense on her clit she almost reached an
orgasm out of sheer surprise.  When the applause reached peak, an
intense orgasm was ripped from her body and she shook like a leaf
in a strong wind.  The sensation stopped as abruptly as it started
as soon as the applause stopped.  Vicky was breathing hard and
gasping for air.

Mistress Kim snapped on all the switches and stood next to Vicky.
She pointed to the left side of the stage and the mushroom burst to
life at almost full force.  Vicky thrust her hips forward.
Mistress Kim waved her hand down at the left side and waved her
right hand high toward the middle.  The clit clamp caught Vicky
with her hips thrust forward and she immediately shot them
backward.  Mistress Kim lowered her hand for the middle group and
then raised her other hand for the left side and again, Vicky was
caught with her hips in the wrong position again and the mushroom
gripped her ass hole and she shot her hips forward.




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Four

Vicky woke with a start and laid very still to try to get her wits
about her.  She was laying down on something soft.  The last thing
she remembered was being electrically stimulated beyond belief.  As
she came more and more awake, she realized she was in the room she
was told would be her permanent living quarters.  The chain leash
attached to her collar was anchored to the wall as before.  She sat
up and then weakly made her way into the bathroom to use the
toilet.  The chain was just long enough to allow this.

She came back into the bedroom, lay on the bed for a few minutes.
She drifted back into a restful sleep until she awoke to the guard
removing her chain from the wall anchor.  As she stood to follow
the guard, she realized how sore her crotch was from the over
stimulation of the muscles.  She was led nude to the living area
and she saw Megan, sleepy and rubbing her eyes, being led from her
room.  Both women were nude except for those ridiculous high heels
that made them bend slightly at the waist for balance.  The act of
bending also caused their breasts to bounce with each step.

The women were led to the little breakfast area again and were
chained to the anchor in the floor.  The attendants brought in a
wonderful array of fresh fruit and breakfast breads along with
coffee.  Megan asked Vicky to tell what had happened during her
performance.  Vicky winced at the memories and told Megan that she
wanted to block out these thoughts and would not share any of the
details.  Vicky told Megan that she had decided the way to get
through this ordeal until they were rescued was to become a
zombie.  As a zombie, she could tolerate what ever happened as long
as she kept a blank mind.  Vicky told Megan to try and do the same
because when they were rescued, Megan would meet a wonderful man
that would love her and provide her with tender caring sexual
gratification.

Obviously interested in what that sort of experience felt like,
Megan pressed a bit.  She asked Vicky about the few times she had
been forced to watch her mom orgasm.  She wanted to know if Vicky
had achieved any pleasure from those times.  Vicky winced again and
tried to explain how the pole and other devices used on her were
designed to rip an orgasm from an unwilling victim.  Vicky assured
Megan that in the right circumstances an orgasm achieved through
tender caresses or even animal lust between two loving partners was
much better.  Megan tucked these words of motherly wisdom away.

Breakfast done, the guards collected the woman and led them to the
bathing area.  Vicky was in dire need to soak and try to relieve
the soreness in her crotch, legs and back muscles.  Being
electrically stimulated to orgasm beyond endurance was one
performance Vicky did not want to repeat.

They took off their ridiculous heels and entered the pool of warm
swirling water.  This time, the four female attendants dropped
their robes and joined Vicky and Megan.  As they soaked and
relaxed, the attendants soaped and rubbed their bodies.  Vicky was
in heaven letting her mind go blank.  The two attendants working on
Vicky rubbed the back of her neck and her thighs helping to rub the
soreness away.  As the attendant rubbing her legs got closer, she
gently rubbed Vicky's sensitive pussy.  It felt too good to object
so Vicky just laid there with her legs wrapped around the
attendant.  The attendant used one hand to massage Vicky's sore
lips and clit and used her other hand to rub and massage Vicky's
ass hole.  The attendant was so gentle and the sensation so
powerful, Vicky was lost in the sensation of the moment.  The
attendant moved a finger against Vicky's ass hole and gently and
slowly pushed until she penetrated to the second knuckle.  She
moved the finger in and out very slowly and at the same time, the
other hand had Vicky's clit, slowly and skillfully making Vicky
forget everything except the gentle sensation.

Vicky relaxed deeper and deeper and her desire to release a
powerful orgasm increased.  Just as she was about to step over the
point of no return, she heard Megan gasp a guttural animal moan and
saw Megan in much the same position with the attendants working
between Megan's legs.  Vicky's last thought before stepping into
her own private release was, "enjoy baby".

The attendants helped Vicky and Megan to the massage table and both
women just collapsed onto them, exhausted by the powerful release
they had both achieved almost at the same time.  The attendants
busied themselves to the task at hand and oiled their bodies.
Vicky looked over at Megan who was just laying there with her eyes
glazed over.  Vicky had anger in her soul for the way they were
both being treated but at the same time, was thankful the
experience was gentle for Megan.

As the attendants rubbed and massaged, they also shaved both women
to a smooth silky touch.  Vicky was almost glad she didn't have to
perform the difficult task of keeping shaved.  Vicky got irritated
when the attendant started going after her crotch again.  Looking
over at Megan, the attendant already had Megan's legs spread wide
and was working on her clit.  Megan was just lying there moaning
softly.  The attendant working on Vicky said, "Mistress Kim give
orders to make you cum together.  Much practice planned for you".

Vicky tried to sit up and the attendant at her head grabbed her
collar and held her head to the table.  The attendant whispered in
Vicky's ear, "no, guard come, you be sorry"  Vicky closed her eyes
and laid back, lost in thoughts of the torture she would perform on
Mistress Kim.  The attendant worked on Vicky's clit and got no
response.  Megan gasped and quivered on her table to a second
thunderous orgasm.  The attendant leaned close to Vicky's ears and
said, "Mistress Kim said cum together, we keep kitten going until
you cum".  Vicky looked over and the two attendants had changed
position on Megan and now her pussy and clit was under energetic
attack by the mouth and tongue of the fresh attendant.  Megan was
somewhere off in her own world, oblivious to her surroundings.
Vicky closed her eyes again and drifted into her zombie state.  The
expert tongue of the attendant drove Vicky to another point of
release. As Vicky started to moan, she heard Megan hit a high
pitched groan that lasted until Vicky's body went limp at the end
of her own release.

Both women were toweled off and given robes and their heels placed
back on their feet.  They were led to their living quarters and
almost as soon as they sat on the sofa and hugged each other, Megan
fell asleep.  Vicky held her daughter, vowing to get even for this
outrage.

After lunch, Vicky was taken to her bed and forced to rest for her
performance.  Megan was taken to her bed and left alone.  Megan lay
there with thoughts of the intense orgasms she was so skillfully
brought to.

The guard came in to collect Vicky.  As they entered the living
area, Vicky tugged at the chain and stopped.  She held up a finger
to motion for just a minute and with her fingers, pointed to her
eyes and then to Megan's closed bedroom door.  The guard stopped
for a second, thought and then let the chain go slack.  Vicky
walked to Megan's door and quietly opened it.  There on the bed was
Megan, her legs wide and both her hands busy at her own crotch.
Vicky winced and softly closed the door.  With her head down and a
new rage of hatred for Mistress Kim, Vicky was lead to her nightly
performance.

Vicky was already slipping into her zombie like escape when her
robe was removed, her hands cuffed behind her and her ankles tied
together.  She did notice a strange woven basket attached to the
hoist cable.  The basket hung directly over a large table with a
soft padded top.  The basket was tall and wider at the top than at
the bottom.  Its shape was similar to a peach basket she used to
use to harvest peaches at a pick your own orchard back home.  Home,
those thoughts seemed like a hundred years ago right now.

The curtain opened and the thunder of the crowd shocked her back to
reality.  Mistress Kim pranced on stage followed by six nude women
in heels.  The six women lined up behind the table, which was
positioned side ways to the crowd.  Mistress Kim pranced around
speaking loudly over the public address system.  Vicky could not
understand what was said but the crowd obviously was eating it up.

Vicky stood there watching the evil little bitch wishing looks
could kill.  The crowd rushed the stage again waving wads of
money.  Vicky figured it was cum bath time again and fought down a
gag reflex.  Mistress Kim went down the line and snatched the large
wads of bills from six men.  Vicky hung her head and swallowed
hard.

The men came on stage and stood behind the table with the six nude
women.  The women busied themselves helping the men out of their
clothes.  When the men were naked, chairs were brought out for five
of them and Mistress Kim lined them up and changed their order from
left to right.  The man left standing was receiving an expert cock
sucking by the naked woman assigned to him.  When he was hard, he
was helped up on the table and laid on his back. His little penis
stuck up and the naked women continued to stroke and suck it.

The basket was lowered to the floor and two guards came over to
Vicky.  She was lifted and her ass set directly over the basket.
As Vicky slid down the cone shape of the basket, her legs were
forced to her chest. She looked like a broken mannequin with the
torso and legs sticking out of the top of the basket.  As she slid
to the bottom, the hoist cable started to rise and she realized
there was no bottom in the basket.  She slipped further and finally
wedged tightly to a stop with her ass hanging helplessly from the
bottom of the basket.  This position was very restrictive and she
could barely catch her breath.

The motor hummed and the basket raised high above the table.  As it
descended again, the naked woman working on the man lying on the
table reached for the basket.  As the basket continued it's decent,
the naked woman guided Vicky's exposed pussy to just above the
man's stiff penis.  As the hoist let the basket slowly descend,
Vicky felt the head of the man's penis come in contact with her
pussy.  The crowd had an unobstructed view of what was happening.
As his penis started to penetrate, Vicky realized the hanging
position she was forced into caused her pussy to be squeezed tight
as a fist.  The man on the table moaned loudly as he entered her
tight hole.

The motor of the hoist hummed and clunked and the cable was raised
and lowered about two inches.  The man just lay there with his
penis up Vicky's tight hole as the hoist raised and lowered the
basket in a precise fucking motion.  The man was moaning and
reaching for Vicky's ass to stroke it.  The naked woman was playing
with the man's balls and rubbing his inner thighs.

The naked woman reached up and took hold of the basket and gently
pushed.  It started to freely rotate in a circle.  The hoist never
stopped pumping the basket up and down.  The naked woman stopped
the basket from its circular motion and pushed it in the opposite
direction.  Vicky was getting dizzy.  Up and down and round and
round on the man's penis, Vicky's tight hole was being used like a
drill being poked through an object only in this case, the object
turned and not the drill.

The hanging position she was forced into caused Vicky's opening to
be so tightly squeezed that the man on the table did not last
long.  He erupted inside her with an arch of his back and loud
scream of something Vicky was sure had an obscene meaning.

The hoist raised the basket and the man rolled to the floor.  The
naked woman came over to the basket and as it descended, got
directly under it and attached her mouth to Vicky's dripping hole
and sucked and licked, draining Vicky of the man's load.  Vicky
hated the feeling but soon gave in and shuddered to an orgasm.

The second man jumped on the table and was soon licked and sucked
to erection and Vicky was again lowered on the man's penis.  The
woman assigned to this man did the same thing.  Caressing the man
and stroking his legs along with spinning the basked to drill his
penis up Vicky.  This man lasted longer but the same effect, Vicky
was squirted with hot cum as the man yelled and squirmed.

The hoist raised and the woman grabbed the basket and maneuvered
Vicky's helpless hole to her mouth.  Again Vicky was repulsed by
the woman's tongue probing but had to hang there unable to stop the
well skilled woman.  Vicky again shuddered and bucked as much she
could in the helpless position.

On her torment went until all six men had fired their hot load up
Vicky and each time, the woman attendant sucked and cleaned Vicky
to orgasm.  It took almost 20 minutes for Vicky to find release for
her sixth orgasm but the last woman did not give up until she
achieved her goal.

Vicky was so exhausted she just hung in the basket wishing for the
restful bed in her chambers.  The motor of the hoist hummed, the
basket was lifted, the women pushed the table out of the way and
basked started to descend again..  Vicky was in such a position,
she couldn't really see what was happening.  She felt it before she
knew what it was.  She was being lowered on the damn pole.  It has
been raised from the floor.

The hoist lowered her and the women helped guide her tight hole to
the rounded cap of the pole.  Lubricant was spread on the pole cap
and Vicky engulfed the pole with one swift and smooth motion.  The
initial shock of the pole coming to life made her buck and squirm
her legs.  After the gentle sensation of being tongued to orgasm,
the brutality of the pole was like night and day.  There was very
little warm up and the pole had Vicky firing off her first orgasm
in less than a minute.  Before she could catch her breath, her
second and third orgasm ripped through her.  A half a minute later,
with the pole at full power, Vicky squirted a powerful stream of
cum toward the crowd.  A full minute of full power and fucking by
the pole and she shot a second stream and the pole was dropped
leaving her hole gaping and quivering.

The basket was lowered to the floor and two guards came out.  They
pulled Vicky from the basket, put a small hobble chain between her
ankles and blindfolded her. Her wrists were still cuffed behind
her.   Mistress Kim had the microphone again and was whipping up
the crowd.  Vicky thought they were ready to close the performance
for the evening.  She had to rest.  She was very shaky and could
hardly stand without help from the guards.

The crowd was still noisy, clapping and banging the tables.  The
guards grabbed Vicky and lifted her.  She thought to her self, "no
more, I can't take any more".  She realized the guards were
lowering her off the stage as she felt hands reaching for her.  She
screamed and tried to get away.  In her blind panic she tried to
run and the hobble chain caught her short and she started to fall.
There were so many hands reaching for her there was no possibility
she would hit the floor.  Her breasts were squeezed, her nipple
rings yanked and twisted, her legs forced apart to the extent the
hobble chain would allow and her crotch brutally probed and
penetrated.  She felt as though she was being violated by what
seemed like a thousand hands.  She moved and staggered and fell in
her blindness.  When she fell, she was grabbed by hands and
supported and positioned for new hands to take the place of the
ones she just escaped from.  She was jostled and pushed and tugged
in so many different directions she felt like an out of control
newspaper being blown down a wind swept street.

Finally after what seemed like hours, she was lifted back to the
stage.  The curtain was apparently closed and she was carried back
to her quarters.  The blindfold, hobble and cuffs were removed and
her chain attached to the wall anchor for the night.  She drifted
to a fitful sleep still feeling the phantom pawing from her
overloaded sensory organs.




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Five

So it went, week after week, stretching into months.  Vicky had her
nightly performance and then each morning she was allowed to visit
with Megan at breakfast.  The daily routine of being pampered,
bathed, massaged, shaved and tongued to orgasm with Megan became
quite routine.  Vicky had once thought that all the orgasms she was
forced to achieve would leave her body unresponsive but just the
opposite had occurred.  Vicky found herself reaching orgasm after
orgasm with just the slightest stimulation. She could tell Megan
looked forward to her morning ritual.  Megan was really getting
quite vocal and seemed to get deeper and deeper into her own little
world.

Mistress Kim kept things off balance for Vicky.  The nightly
performance never repeated during the same week. The ordeal of
being tossed to the crowd got to be unbearable.  The pawing and
probing by the crazed men drove Vicky to violent fits of hatred
toward Mistress Kim.  The latest twist the evil little bitch came
up with horrified Vicky to even think about it.  After she was weak
from her performance, she was forced to go into the crowd, on her
own, no restraints.  Vicky had to get on top of each table, spread
her legs and squat.  In this open and obscene position, the small
groups of men at each table were given ample opportunity to explore
her holes as she squatted there, cupping her breasts, offering them
to the men for their abuse.

Vicky learned to tolerate this particular horror of the tables
because the consequences of not cooperating were severe.  It became
obvious as time went on, Mistress Kim had made the decision to
leave Megan a virgin until her 18th birthday.  Vicky was generally
not threatened with Megan much any more.  The punishment for Vicky
became more a focus on debasing her to new levels when she did not
cooperate.   On the first time she was forced to do the table
squat, she bolted and ran during the third table.  She didn't get
far because the crowd closed in and the guards took her away.

The next night, instead of performing on stage, she was bound with
hands behind her, blindfolded, her chain attached to a bolt in the
ceiling just outside the men's room.  Her legs were spread to
almost doing the splits. This caused her to keep her balance by
leaning back against the wall.  If she came away from the wall, the
collar would choke her.  As the men would go in and out of the
bathroom, they would take the opportunity to pinch, probe and
torment Vicky.  Some men would tug her nipple rings and pull her
away from the wall.  To keep from choking, she had to pull back
causing further pressure.  If the bastard that had the rings let go
in a sudden release, she would flop back against the wall causing
her ample breast to shake and bounce.  This became a game for many
of the men.  With each disgusting touch, Vicky built more and more
hate for Mistress Kim.

As Mistress Kim's club became more and more popular with the
"elite" of the high rollers of the region, she started holding
private parties.  Vicky became a popular "toy" at these private
gatherings.  The private parties were held just prior to the club
opening for the evening so the honored guest could have dinner,
relax and enjoy Mistress Kim's hospitality.  As the entertainment
for these special gatherings, Vicky was forced into numerous
activities that sapped her energy and made her evening performance
even more arduous.  At one party she was tied spread eagle to the
table, nude.  As the dinner was laid out for the guests, Vicky's
body was used as the serving platter.  She had food piled on her,
around her and in her.  The guests just picked and prodded Vicky as
they ate the food from her body.  At another party she was chained
under the massive dinning table, nude, with her hands tied behind
her.  As the mood struck the guest, he would beckon for her mouth
and she would service his penis while he ate.

As the horror of their captivity continued, Vicky grew intent on
designing a way to kill Mistress Kim and escape.  Her mind was full
of rage and hatred for the evil little bitch.  Even when in the
moment of having orgasms ripped from her body, these thoughts never
went far from her mind.  She had become an orgasm machine, able to
let her body react to the stimulation with physical response but
mentally block any pleasure that might have come from the
experience.

One evening, Vicky was led to the stage to find a new horror.  She
had her hands tied and then hooked to the hoist cable.  The cable
was raised until she was on her toes.  The curtain opened and
Mistress Kim whipped up the crowd.  Then a platform was wheeled out
to the center of the stage next to Vicky.  On the platform were
two, naked, very dark skinned black men.  They were facing each
other with their legs spread to shoulder width and their ankles
tied to bolts in the center of the platform.  Their bodies were
pulled back to supports at the ends of the platform.  They looked
like the letter "V".  Their hands were tied to the bar they were
leaning against so they could not lean forward.  Both men had a
ring around the base of their penis and balls with wires leading to
a control box.  Mistress Kim took the box and worked the controls.
Both men squirmed and moaned but each limp penis raised like a
serpent.  The electric stimulation had both men hard in seconds.
Vicky just stood there with her mouth open in shock because she was
looking at two of the largest cocks she had ever seen.  Not only
about 14" in length but as big around as the pole she hated.

Four naked women, just wearing heels, came out on stage and
proceeded to lubricate the stiff cocks of the black men.  They
slathered lube up and down the monster cocks until they glistened
in the harsh light.  Vicky felt the hoist cable start to lift her
until she was suspended by her wrists.  The platform was pushed
under her until she was between the two men.  She was lowered to
just above their cocks and the women lubed and probed her holes in
preparation to what Vicky knew was coming next.

Chains were attached to Vicky's ankles and then to the platform.
In the suspended position she was in, with her legs so spread, she
had no choice but to be lowered on the waiting cocks.  As the hoist
slowly lowered, the women guided the cocks up Vicky.  Vicky tried
her best to relax and accept such large cocks up her in a double
penetration.  Although Vicky was somewhat used to the pole, she had
never had anything this large up her ass let alone something this
large in both holes.  She squirmed and kicked and fought but in the
end, she was impaled.

With both cocks filling her beyond belief, the hoist started to
lower further until Vicky knew she would be killed.  Then it raised
her and then lowered her in a slow rhythm.  As the hoist would
lower her, the chains at her ankles would force her into a squat
which opened her holes to the cocks.  She could do nothing but hang
there and squirm on these massive cocks.

As the hoist started to raise and lower more rapidly, Mistress Kim
started to work the controls of the electric box.  Vicky could feel
the instant response of the men as they squirmed and their cocks
jumped and twitched inside her.  The men were wincing and
squirming, bucking their hips in an attempt to rid their cock and
balls of the torture devices attached to them.  As Mistress Kim
worked the controls to higher and lower frequency, the frenzy
became more and more intense.  The motion of the hoist raising and
lowering and the men bucking and squirming, Vicky knew she would be
fucked to death.

Vicky's eyes flew open at the new sensation of hot cum squirting
inside her and then the man up her ass let fly with his own load.
There was so much filling up her insides she thought she had a fire
hose up her.  Mistress Kim was murder on the controls and kept
working the men until their bodies jerked and jumped out of
control.

Mistress Kim turned off the controls and the hoist stopped moving
and the three bodies just froze in relief.  The two men slumped
against their restraints and Vicky just hung there with her legs
stretched apart with the two cocks still in her.  She hung there
and hung there and nothing happened.  Then, as the men were allowed
to let their cocks go limp, first one and then the other just fell
out of Vicky's stretched holes.  As the cock fell out of her pussy,
the man's load gushed out like a torrent, flooding the platform.
The same happened with the cock up her ass.  The platform and the
men below were covered in their own juices running down their
legs.  Vicky's ankles were let loose and she was hoisted up again.
The platform moved and she was lowered to just above the floor.  In
the hanging position, two naked women came out to tongue her holes
clean.  The other four women went to work on the black men and
tongued their bodies clean as well.

When Vicky was "clean".  She was hoisted up and then lowered on the
damn pole.  Slowly Mistress Kim worked the controls to bring Vicky
to a body shaking orgasm for the crowd.  The third and fourth
orgasm produced the squirting stream of "ejaculate" as the crowd
roared.

As Vicky was about to loose consciousness, the pole stopped and the
performance was over for the evening.  As she lay in her bed,
chained to the wall, she was afraid to examine her burning ass hole
for fear she would find it ripped and bleeding.  The next morning
she discovered she was OK and the burning had stopped.

As she was led to breakfast, she did notice she was having
difficulty walking with her legs closed.  She wondered how often
she would have to go through that ordeal.




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Six

The weeks passed, as did the months.  Day in and day out, the same
routine.  Morning breakfast with Megan, bathing, orgasms, massage,
orgasms, rest and then Vicky's nightly performance.  Vicky was
always proud of her body but the months of physical activity and
the high protein diet had changed her.  Her body was now more hard
and sculpted than she had ever been.  When together, it was now
even more difficult to tell who was the mother and who was the
daughter.  Only the refined experience and persona of Vicky's 45
years gave her age away.  Even Megan had changed over the months
with  a more mature looking body.  Her breasts were now almost as
large as Vicky's, her young body just as hard and sculpted.  The
two women would be a show stopper for sure.  Mistress Kim was very
pleased at how things had worked out with her purchase of these
fine sex slaves.  It was almost time to double her income with
Megan being added to the fray each evening.  She was already
counting the hundreds of thousands of dollars she would bankroll.

The morning of Megan's 18th birthday, there were flowers at the
breakfast table just for her.  There was also a box wrapped in
festive bows and ribbons.  When Megan opened the box, she found a
new collar made of highly polished metal.  Megan's name was
engraved across the front.  Mistress Kim unlocked Megan's old
collar and locked on the new one.  As the lock snapped shut, Vicky
seethed in her seat knowing in her heart, someday, she would kill
Mistress Kim.

After breakfast, they were led to the bath and massage.  Even
though the events were so routine by now, Vicky thought she noticed
how much more attention was being given to Megan's crotch.  The two
attendants were in rare form today, working Megan into one orgasmic
frenzy after another.  Vicky also wondered how much of an effect
all this had on Megan.  After all, she was told what would happen
on her 18th birthday and here it was.  Today was the day she would
loose her virginity.  The anticipation had to have been building
for months.  Instead of the attendants causing such a reaction,
Vicky wondered if it was all coming from Megan?

They lounged and chatted in their quarters and Vicky could tell
Megan was on edge.  Both women avoided the obvious until Vicky was
taken to her room to rest as was the usual routine.  Vicky turned
at looked at Megan and with a cracking voice, "I love you baby".

As it came time for her performance, the guard came in to get
Vicky.  Sure enough, there was Megan being led by her chain.  The
two women were led down the corridor, quiet, not really looking at
each other.  They approached the little room at the edge of the
stage that Vicky was so familiar with.  Mistress Kim was standing
there, next to a nude woman holding a tray with Champaign glasses.
At her insistence, Vicky and Megan drank a toast to Megan's
"birthday party".

As they were brought on stage, Vicky saw a second hoist had been
added.  Vicky and Megan were cuffed in front and then arms hoisted
over head.  Spreader bars were attached to their ankles.  The bar
stretched their legs so far apart they had to lean into the pull of
the hoist cable to keep their balance.  The outrageous high heels
made it that much more difficult to not open their legs wider
still.

Mistress Kim came up to Vicky, stroked her clit and then inserted
the ear piece in her ear.  She had not used the ear piece for quite
a while and this disturbed Vicky.  She walked over and patted
Megan's pussy and twisted the poor girl's nipple rings while
looking at Vicky with an evil look.

The curtain parted and the crowd howled at the sight of the two
almost identical women.  So obscenely spread, their breasts hanging
and swaying as they tried to adjust to being stretched by the bar
and the hoist cable.  Mistress Kim pranced on stage and danced
around waving her arm to incite the crowd.  As she passed behind
Vicky and Megan she gave them each a swat on the ass and reached up
from behind and jiggled their breasts at the crowd.  She clapped
her hands together and four naked women in heels came racing out on
stage.  In pairs they kneeled facing each other between the spread
legs of the suspended women.  At Mistress Kim's command, the
kneeling women attacked Vicky and Megan's clit and ass hole with
their darting and twirling tongues.  Megan's knees buckled and she
just hung from her wrists, moaning loudly.  Vicky was more used to
this treatment and just endured.

Vicky's attention was snapped to focus at the roar of the crowd.
The horrible "doctor" in his white coat was being wheeled out on
stage standing on the platform used for the nipple piercing.
Behind him were the two black studs, tied to the platform as they
had been before when Vicky was ravaged by their huge cocks. Brining
up the rear was the ugly thug that Vicky had nightmares about.

Vicky went stiff as a steel rod, straining every muscle in her
body.  The ear piece crackled and the evil bitch hissed in her
ear.  "You no like party" Mistress Kim said.  Vicky twisted and
fought the bonds.  The ear piece giggled in her ear.  "You no worry
my pretty, this for show, they not get kitten's cherry, I have
other plans".

Vicky stopped struggling and listened.  Mistress Kim asked through
the ear piece, not expecting an answer. "You like Champagne?"
"Taste good?".  "It have surprise for you two".  Vicky stood stone
still as the evil bitch told her through the ear piece the drink
had been spiked.  The chemical was a watered down solution cattle
breeders use to get the cow in the mood to mate with the bulls.
The chemical they had been given would cause tiny blisters to form
on their vaginal walls.  The blisters would itch like crazy and the
only way to get relief was to break them with friction.  Once the
blisters broke, the sensation was immediate relief.

Even as Vicky was hearing this, she could tell it was true because
of the sensation deep in her pussy.  She fought the thoughts and
was curious about the last thing the ear piece said.  "No man for
kitten, you will know what to do in a little while".

At that, the ear piece went quiet leaving Vicky to ponder what the
last comment meant.  Mistress Kim came prancing back on stage
screaming in her high shrill voice over the PA system.  The crowd
was overly active and Vicky was getting concerned.  Mistress Kim
stood by the "doctor" and raised her hands.  The crowd roared.  She
then went to the thug and the crowd roared but not as loud.  When
she stopped at the pair of black studs, the crowd went wild.

At that moment, four more naked women in heels came scampering out
on stage and replaced the four previous tongues with fresh,
energetic, darting and twirling torment.  Vicky was realizing now
that the evil bitch has spoken true.  The sensation of having her
clit and ass hole tongued with new vigor was mixed with a sensation
of needing to scratch the inside of her pussy lips.  Each time the
woman at her clit would slide her tongue between them, her lips
ached for more.  Vicky glanced at Megan and saw Megan looking back
with a wildness in her eyes that she had never seen before.  Megan
was humping and rotating her hips trying to get the woman's tongue
up her.  Vicky knew they were in trouble.

The crowd moaned in disgust at something Mistress Kim said.  The
platforms and the thug were taken off stage leaving Vicky and Megan
and the four tongues.  Mistress Kim was jabbering on the PA again
and this time, the crowd went wild.  From a bag, Mistress Kim held
up two very large pink dildos.  The kind that had rubber spikes all
around the head of the thing.  Vicky went wild, thrashing and
fighting her bonds.  The tongues just went with the flow and never
lost contact.  Vicky was fighting in anger and wanted the tongues
off, now.  Mistress Kim reached in the bag again and pulled out
what looked like a giant timer.  She set the timer for 15 minutes,
hit the plunger and set it on the floor facing the crowd.  She
waved to the crowd and started walking off the stage.

The crowd hushed to a low murmur and Vicky was struck with the
little animal noises coming from Megan.  The look in her daughter's
eyes told Vicky there was a deep need boiling inside.  A scurry
sound made her look and she saw four new tongues, eager to take the
place of the ones that were growing tired.  The new tongues knelt
and were busy immediately.  Vicky felt something new.  The women
were sliding something very smooth across the opening of her
pussy.  Not enough to give any relief at all from the growing
urgency to scratch the itch that was about to consume her.  It
almost intensified how badly she needed relief from the torment.
It was like having ants or something moving on your skin only this
was deep inside and it made her feel like she could squat fuck a
dry wooden pole.

The ear piece hissed and the evil bitch spat "you like another
drink".  Vicky's eyes rolled back in her head with anger showing
nothing but the whites of her eyes.  Her sculpted body was strained
to the max against her restraints.  The maddening tongues were
driving her insane along with the itching.  She glanced at Megan
and poor Megan was hanging limp with her mouth open.  Megan was
just groaning and every once in a while a shudder would course
through her body and make her breasts swing.

The crowd came to life again and started to chant.  Vicky knew it
had to be some damn count down.  At the end, they screamed and
Mistress Kim came prancing on stage holding the dildos.  Vicky felt
her arms dropping and the tongues at her feet were undoing her
ankles.  Vicky reached for her crotch and started trying to stick
her fingers up herself to relieve the itch.  Try as she might, she
could not reach where she needed it the most.  She screamed a long
stream of profanity at Mistress Kim only to see the little bitch
laughing and taunting her with the dildos.  At each step toward the
dildos, Mistress Kim would dodge away.  In the outrageous heels,
Vicky was no match.  With nothing to distract from the itch now, it
was growing worse by the second.  Megan was jerking like she was in
convulsions.  Frantic, Vicky lunged and caught Mistress Kim by the
ankle.

Mistress Kim dropped a dildo on Vicky's belly and laughed.  As
Vicky was cramming the dildo up her aching pussy, she felt the
second dildo hit her belly.  With the one already deep inside her
own pussy, Vicky stood on shaky legs and hobbled to Megan holding
the other dildo.  She knelt at Megan's side and started to push the
dildo up her virgin hole.  Megan was fighting to swallow the dildo
as fast as her pussy could take it.  She was straining against the
hoist cable trying to sink deeper on the wonderful feeling.  Vicky
was trying to be gentle and not hurt her daughter and at the same
time, relieve her own needs.  Megan needed that rubber cock up her
so bad she would have impaled herself if she could.  As the dildo
broke the membrane keeping her virginity, she didn't notice.  All
she felt was the liquid flow of relief soothing through her aching
pussy.

The crowd was wild and out of control watching Vicky fucking
herself in a furious twisting motion.  She was now doing the same
to the helpless young woman that had just lost her cherry by her
mother's hand.  The dildo felt so damn good, Vicky could only think
of the wonderful relief at the moment.

Vicky had her eyes closed when she was grabbed and her hands cuffed
behind her.  The dildo remained in Megan's pussy because of the
rude interruption but slid out and fell on the floor.  One of the
guards grabbed the one that was still up Vicky and yanked it out
and slung it across the stage.  Megan was lowered and cuffed the
same way and her ankles released.  The two women were forced to
stand facing each other and small padlocks were placed through each
nipple ring of each woman.  This effective locked them together,
nipple to nipple.  Megan was still dry humping the air needing more
relief than the brief gentle fucking Vicky had just provided.
Vicky could still feel the effects of the chemical deep in her own
pussy so she knew Megan was still in trouble.  As Megan would
fidget and squirm, it only pulled and tugged at Vicky's nipple
rings so it forced both women's breasts to wiggle and pull on each
other.

The guards blindfolded Vicky and she sucked in her breath for fear
of what was next.  She could feel the nipple rings tug as Megan
tried to fight the blindfold.  Vicky just leaned into Megan and
tried to sooth her fear.  "It's ok baby, just go with it.  It will
be over soon".

Both women were standing there, still in dire need of the dildo
that had only just started to give them relief.  The ear piece
crackled and the voice said, "You want crowd to help"? and then the
most evil laugh she had ever heard came into her ear.  Vicky
screamed at the top of her lungs because she then knew what was
about to happen.

As the word "NOOOOO"! escaped her lips, Vicky felt her and Megan
being lifted off the stage and into the waiting hands of the
hundreds in the crowd.  She could feel Megan being jostled and
pulled away but the locks connecting their nipple rings held them
fast together.  Her nipples were being pulled so hard she was in
fear of having the ring ripped out.  The nipple rings lost their
importance when she realized the feeling between her legs was
relieving the itch.  She spread her legs wider for the horrible men
to get better and deeper access.  She could not believe what she
was doing.  She heard Megan yelping and moaning with each new
thrust she must be experiencing as well.  Vicky was sure the men
using Megan were providing the same relief.  Blindfolded however,
Vicky could not see what was going on and that brought back the
fear.

For what seemed like hours, the two women were groped and fingered
and probed by every hand in the place.  They were finally lifted
back on stage and their hands uncuffed and reattached so that each
woman had to hug the other one.  As Vicky stood there hugging
Megan, she could hear and feel her daughter crying softly.  She
leaned close to Megan's ear and whispered.  "Someday, I'll kill
that bitch and get us out of here".  Megan just sobbed softly into
the blindfold.

Vicky became aware of the sensation about the same time Megan did.
The incredible itch was still there.  Way deep where the probing
fingers had not be able to reach.  The ear piece laughed in her ear
and shocked Vicky to reality.  "You help each other now" the voice
said.  Vicky felt something touch her hands and realized she was
being offered the spiked dildo.  She seized the damn thing and held
on to it.  Then she realized, she could not use it on herself in
the position she was cuffed.  She had relief just inches away from
her needful pussy but there was no way to help herself.  Then it
hit her.  She gripped the dildo at it's base and lowered it down
and started sliding it into Megan from behind.  Megan squatted and
spread her legs and Vicky brought the dildo up hard so it wouldn't
slip out of her grip.  Megan moaned and ground her hips back into
the evil thing.  Vicky held onto it with both hands and helped
Megan ride it.

Megan felt something touch her hands and realized she had hold of a
dildo as well.  She whimpered, "Mom, I have one too, is it OK".
The word "YEESSsssss" escaped Vicky's lips like a steam pipe.  She
squatted and spread her legs and Megan lowered the relief giving
dildo.  As it got close to Vicky, she said "Hold it tight baby" and
thrust her hips back into it, sinking it's length in one movement.

The crowd howled at the sight of the two women, humping the dildos
each held for the other. Vicky and Megan had lost all modesty and
were humping and panting and squirming on the dildos like their
life depended on it.  At that moment, they both thought it did
unless they could relieve the itch.

As the two women were humping and panting, Vicky could hear the
curtain being closed and the crowd mumbling on the other side.  The
women were released and taken to the bath area where they were
given warm, salt water, douches.  The itch was gone almost
instantly.  The only sensation was the mild sting from the raw
tissue left by the abuse of the hundreds of fingers and the
chemical.  They were taken to their quarters and both chained to
their beds.  Vicky lay there, her brain filled with evil thoughts
directed to Mistress Kim.  Megan was fast asleep almost as soon as
her head his the pillow.




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Seven

Vicky woke as the chain was being unlocked from the wall.  She
blinked the haze away to try and focus her eyes.  She had a fitful
night, full of hatred and her nerves were on edge this morning.
The guard seems to be overly rude.  She had to pee and was usually
able to take care of this task before the guard arrived.  This
morning, she did not wake in time and was bitter about having to
perform the task under his stare and smirk.

As she was dragged into the living space of their quarters, she was
happy to see Megan being led from her room as well.  She stretched
the chain leash to go to her daughter and give her a hug.  The
guards snapped the chain tight and separated them.  They walked to
the breakfast area without words.

When they were seated and alone, Megan burst into tears and told
her mother how sorry she was.  She now realized what her mom had
been put through so much for so long to keep her safe all those
months.  She now had fist hand experience of what it was like to be
mauled and tormented each night.  Vicky just put her fingers to
Megan's lips and made a shushing sound.

As the attendant was setting the breakfast tray down, the pot of
coffee tipped and spilled over Megan and Vicky.  The hot liquid
made them both jump and try to avoid contact but the chain leash
prevented much movement and both women got splashed to the point of
almost being scalded.  Vicky was furious and was about to lash out
but the attendant had stepped back just in time.  Vicky was at the
end of her tolerance.

Just then, Mistress Kim came prancing in, clapping her hands and
ordering the attendant away.  As she approached Vicky, something
just snapped and Vicky snatched the butter knife from the tray and
lunged at Mistress Kim.  In mid strike, a large hand intercepted
her hand and it froze against the strong grasp.  The ever present
thug had stopped what Vicky hoped would be a blow to the throat of
the little evil bitch.

With mouth open in astonishment and face red as a crimson flower,
Mistress Kim hissed between clenched teeth. "You pay missy, you
pay".

The thug threw Vicky to the floor and she was grabbed by two
guards.  Her chain was undone and her robe torn from her body.  She
was cuffed behind her back and dragged by the hair down a dark
corridor.  As she was being tossed onto a grungy cot, she
recognized the holding cell she was placed in when she first
arrived.

She lay there quietly, weeping, tense with worry of the retribution
she would suffer.  All day she lay there, no one came to check on
her.  Not even the guard that normally walked the cat walk was
present.  She was left to her own terrible thoughts.

After a length of time she could not judge, two guards entered her
cell.  With her hands cuffed as they had been all day, she was
unable to struggle as they forced her to stand.  Normally the
guards did not molest her or Megan, but these guards were all over
her body.  They were very rough and seemed to have no regard to
possibly bruising or chaffing her pale skin.  One guard produced a
metal ring with a leather thong tied to each side.  Her mouth was
forced open with no regard to how far she had to stretch her jaw.
She tried to assist by opening wide but the metal ring was so round
it had to be forced sideways so it locked behind her upper and
lower teeth.  The thong was brought behind her head and savagely
tied so tight it caused her cheeks to burn.

The guards grabbed her and drug her to the stage area.  Megan was
already there, hands hoisted over her head by the hoist cable.  She
was naked and sobbing.  The guards drug Vicky over and hooked her
hands to the second cable and she was hoisted to a level of her
toes just barely touching the floor.  As she tried to glance at
Megan, the curtain opened and the bright lights blinded her.

Mistress Kim pranced on stage and circled the two helpless women.
After jiggling their breasts for the entertainment of the crowd,
she turned the two women so they faced each other.  The small
padlocks was placed between their nipple rings as it had been done
the night before.  They were now locked together, nipple to
nipple.

Vicky was suspended a slight bit higher than Megan so her breasts
were being pulled down and Megan's breast were being pulled up.  At
Mistress Kim's command, Vicky's cable lowered a bit and Megan's was
pulled up.  Now Megan was pulling Vicky's breasts up.  Back and
forth for a while, the cable made the women tug and stretch each
other's breasts.  Because of the ring gag, Vicky was drooling down
her own breasts and the saliva had reached her nipples.  The slick
drool caused her to feel a strange sensation as Megan's nipples
were puled and tugged against her own.

The thug brought out the control box for Mistress Kim.  It was now
larger and had more controls on it.  With a flip of a switch, two
poles ascended from the floor.  Vicky screamed through the ring gag
but there was no way she could make any noise that could be
understood.

Two naked women scampered on stage and attached ankle straps to
Vicky. A wide leather belt was also placed around her mid section.
 A chain was run from the ankle straps up to a ring in the back of
the belt.  When the chain was attached and it was released, Vicky
was shocked at the effect it had on her.  She had to keep her legs
bent and raise her ankles or the act of lowering her legs to the
limit of the chain caused the belt to tighten around her mid
section.  She was now fully suspended by her wrist cuffs.

Vicky looked at Megan and tears were streaming down her cheeks.
Vicky wanted desperately to calm Megan but could not speak because
of the ring gag.  Vicky saw Megan's eyes go wide and then she knew
why.  The pole she was suspended over finally raised enough to rest
against her pussy lips.  The two attendants reached for Vicky's
lips and spread them and the pole was in.  They did the same for
Megan and now both women were impaled on their own pole.  The
attendants scampered away.

The poles continued to rise until Vicky was sure it would kill
her.  Megan was trying to rise on her tip toes.  Vicky felt her
pole lower a bit but so did the hoist chain which seemed to keep
pace with the pole.  Because her legs were bent up behind her, the
hoist could actually lower her to her knees.  This caused Vicky's
breasts to tug on Megan's and force Megan to squat lower taking her
pole deeper and deeper as Vicky was lowered even further.   By
Megan's expression, Vicky could tell Megan's pole was not being
lowered.

With Vicky's breasts forcing Megan to squat hard on her own pole,
Mistress Kim powered the poles to about half power.  Megan screamed
at the sensation and Vicky bucked and squirmed.  Vicky could feel
the evil electric prickling sensation on her clit and knew Megan
was getting the same treatment.

Mistress Kim turned the controls on the box and made the sensations
the poles provided change and surge and torment.  Long before
Vicky, Megan was tossed into orgasmic passion that was so strong,
her young body shuddered.  As she was standing there shaking,
Megan's pole started to drop and Vicky and her pole dropped as
well.  This forced Megan to squat further and spread her legs wider
to keep balance.

Vicky was now kneeling on the floor with her pole rising and
lowering in a fucking movement.  Megan was forced to squat further
on her pole with her legs wide.  Vicky felt her pole hit full power
and glanced at Mistress Kim to see an evil look and smirk across
her face.  Megan was lost in the sensation and all of a sudden,
Vicky felt a warm sensation hit her in the belly.  Megan had just
squirted all over her mother.

Mistress Kim squealed with delight and the crowd roared their
approval.  Buttons were pushed again and Vicky was raised in the
air.  Higher and higher until she was pulling Megan's breasts
forcing her daughter to stand on tip toes again.  The pole Megan
was riding raised as well and continued the fucking motion but
Vicky could tell the power had been lowered.  Vicky's pole went
full power and she was lost to it's sensation.  In rapid
succession, Vicky orgasmed over and over with the third time,
squirting all over Megan.

Mistress Kim kept lowering and raising Vicky so it forced Megan to
squat or raise to keep from having the nipple rings ripped out.
Vicky was fighting to keep her ankles raised but at the point of
orgasm her legs shook uncontrollable.  This tightened the belt
around her waist and caused her to be unable to catch her breath.
She was panting hard and covered in more of Megan's "ejaculate"
when the pole and hoist lowered her to the kneeling position on the
floor allowing her to breathe again.

Vicky lost track of time but figured she and Megan had been
tortured by the poles for almost an hour.  Her arms were being
pulled from their sockets and her legs were cramping and forcing
her to pull down and tighten the belt.  The attendants came back
out and removed the chain from her ankles and allowed her to stand
on very shaky legs.  The poles dropped and both mother and daughter
were drenched in their own sweat and the other's "ejaculate".
Their bodies glistened in the harsh lights.

The guards came on stage and released Megan and Vicky and their
breasts were unlocked.  Vicky was cuffed behind her back and was
thrown into a chair. Mistress Kim walked up to Vicky, leaning
forward so they were face to face.  With an evil hiss, "You pay",
is all she could seem to say.  Mistress Kim had a tube of
lipstick.  It was a whorish shade of red.  Vicky could feel a
circle being drawn around her mouth and then colored in to a form a
wide band of garish red around her lips being held wide open by the
ring.

A guard rolled up a small cage on wheels and Vicky was literally
stuffed into the cramped space.  As she was being forced into the
compartment, her legs were being forced into a wide V shape
stretching her legs apart so far she thought her hips would
dislocate.  Her knees fit into notches in the sides of the cage.
 The metal bars of the front of the small cage were brought down
and locked into place.  This held her legs in the open position and
with her hands behind her, she had to lean forward.  There was a
square opening in the bars that afforded her room enough to put her
face through and rest her chin on the lower edge of the square.
Her collar was then locked to the bars forcing her to stick her
head out of the square.

Her cage was wheeled to the center of the stage.  Mistress Kim
pranced out on stage with the microphone and was chattering over
the PA.  The crowd responded as usual.  Vicky knew what was
happening as soon as the first group of men formed, waving wads of
money.  She knew her mouth had been painted like a target.

Vicky lost count but thought there were at least 20 men lined up
just out her eyesight.  In horror, she realized Megan was forced to
kneel next to the cage so she could see.  A naked woman in heels
came scampering on stage and took up a position on the other side
of the cage.  The man at the head of the line sauntered up to stand
in front of the cage and waved back at the crowd.  He unzipped his
fly and took out his penis.  The naked woman at the side of the
cage came forward and stared masturbating the man.

Megan screwed up her face in a grimace and Mistress Kim whacked her
across the ass with a large wooded paddle.  The smack resounded off
the walls it was so strong.  Mistress Kim screamed at the top of
her little lungs "Watch".

Megan whimpered but kept her eyes glued on her mother's wide open
mouth.  The man being jerked off, bucked and moaned and the
attendant directed the load to the bulls eye.  Vicky gagged as it
hit squarely into the back of her throat.  The sensation brought
tears to her eyes.

The woman attendant left with the first man and a second man
appeared and unzipped his fly.  Mistress Kim grabbed Megan by the
hair and dragged her next to the man.  "You do, you miss, you get
this" and she waved the paddle in the air and brought a thunder
clap swat down across Megan's ass cheeks.  Megan closed her eyes
and grabbed the man's penis.

Having never held a penis before, she didn't know what she was
doing and was fumbling quite badly.  The man was getting rude and
Mistress Kim whacked Megan again and motioned for the attendant to
come back out.  "Watch", Mistress Kim screamed at Megan.  This
time, Megan was riveted on what the attendant was doing.  As the
man gave signs of being ready to unload, the attendant jerked and
aimed the best she could.  This time, the man was moving about so
much, the attendant's aim was not so perfect and Vicky got an eye
full of cum.

The attendant left with the second man and a third man appeared.
Whack went the paddle across Megan's ass and again, "You do, no
miss" came hissing out of Mistress Kim.  Megan grabbed the penis
and this time had a little more idea of what to do.  With a little
difficulty, she brought the man to the point of no return and
missed the target completely.  The load landed low and ran down
Vicky's right breast.  The paddle whistled through the air and
WHACK.  "NO MISS" Mistress Kim screamed.

A fourth man appeared and Megan set to the task.  This one hit its
mark dead center and Vicky gagged again.  The thick slime ran down
the back of her throat and there was no way for Vicky to close her
jaw enough to contract her throat.  She winced as it slid down.
"GOOOOOOD" Screamed the evil bitch.

A fifth man approached and Megan looked at the long line yet to
follow.  She looked at her mother and wanted to speak but was
afraid to utter a sound.  She grabbed the man's penis and jerked
and stroked and again, the load found it's mark and Vicky gurgled.

During the long procession, Megan missed enough times that Vicky's
face and breasts were covered with thick cum.  As the line dwindled
down, Megan tried harder and harder to hit the target of her
mothers wide open mouth because the whacks with the paddle were
getting more and more sever.   She was sobbing out of frustration
because there was nothing she could do but follow orders and drown
her mother in cum.

When the last man had hit the target and made Vicky want to vomit,
the thug grabbed Megan and cuffed her hands behind her.  Megan was
forced to her knees so she was almost face to face with Vicky, only
inches away.  The thug unzipped his fly and hauled out his heavy
thick penis.  He grabbed his cock in one hand and a big hunk of
Megan's hair and forced his cock in the young girls mouth.  Vicky
screamed and fought in her helpless position in the cage.  The thug
brutally mouth fucked Megan while the young girl gasped for air and
struggled.  The thug pumped and pumped and just as his strokes were
more rapid and urgent, he pulled his cock out of Megan's mouth and
directed his monstrous load down the back of Vicky's open throat.

Vicky fought for air as the slime oozed down.  She gagged and
coughed and spewed some of the load up her nose.  As she opened her
eyes, Mistress Kim was face to face with her.  "You no like", she
hissed and turned to the crowd.

Megan was blindfolded and with her hands still cuffed behind her,
she was tossed to the crowd.  Vicky was screaming through the ring
gag as her cage was being wheeled off the stage.  Still screaming,
she was wheeled back to her cell and the cage centered in the
room.  Mistress Kim came in behind the guards and produced a large
vibrator.  She held up the four batteries that it held and said,
"You pay missy, these fresh".  She dropped the batteries in the
vibrator, switched it on and rammed it between Vicky's helplessly
spread legs.  The sensation caused Vicky to squirm uncontrollably.
"We see how much fight you have left tomorrow" snickered the evil
bitch and Vicky was left alone.

Vicky wailed through the gag and tears streamed.  Poor Megan she
thought, alone with those animals in the crowd.  Some how, some
way, she knew in her heart, the evil bitch would pay for this with
her life.

The horrible vibrator just buzzed and buzzed, never changing
tempo.  Just a nagging sensation, strong enough to focus Vicky's
attention to her crotch.  The slime in her mouth and throat was now
starting to dry and cake.  She could feel the tightness of the goo
that had dried on her breasts and face.  The ring gag was now
almost unbearable.  Her jaw felt as if is had been dislocated.

She realized she had to pee.  "Oh god, no way", she thought.  Her
legs being held wide apart and the damn vibrator, she was unable to
hold it and released her bladder.  Her pee trickled at first
because of the vibration and then flooded the bottom of her cage.
There she sat, legs wide apart, the vibrator sloshing in the puddle
of pee, helpless and alone with her own thoughts.




Survival - By Thunder
Chapter Eight

Vicky was horrified at the pain and humiliation she was having to
endure.  Her leg muscles were cramping and her jaw ached like
fire.  Sitting in her own pee with the vibrator buzzing and
sloshing.  Her nerves were on edge because of the lack of sleep and
the torment her body was having forced on it.

The hours dragged on and still the damn vibrator just would not
die.  Her crotch was numb now from the constant steady sensation.
Her eyes closed in pain, she was startled as the door flew open.
Mistress Kim walked in with two guards.

They unlocked Vicky's collar and opened the door of the cage.  The
sensation of the guards forcing her legs together was extremely
painful.  When they removed the ring gag, she could not speak
because her jaw would not move.  One guard held her up while the
other guard started strapping a belt around her waist.  A strap was
locked to the front of the belt to a metal ring.  The strap had two
large dildos attached at mid length.  Just in front of the first
dildo was a round metal button.  As the strap was drawn between her
legs, Vicky was horrified to feel the dildos being slammed up both
of her tortured holes.  The strap was brought tight and locked to a
ring in the back of the belt.  There was a small black metal box at
the end of the strap that was secured by the lock in the belt.
Mistress Kim stood behind Vicky and did something to the box and
instantly Vicky felt electric snaps to her clit and the dildos up
her ass and pussy.  The box produced alternating sensations of
electric stimulation.  They took off her cuffs and shoved her to
the cot.

Mistress Kim and the guards left her alone in the room, naked,
unrestrained except for the strap between her legs.  Vicky went to
the tiny sink and splashed water on her face and body and sucked
the water into her mouth to rid herself of the horrible taste.  Her
jaw ached and she had a hard time moving her mouth.  She stood up
and walked slowly back to the bed and lay down.  She was exhausted
but now there was a new torment to prevent her from sleep.

She explored the belt and strap and discovered there was nothing
she could do to remove it.  The electric snaps seemed to alternate
with intensity, speed and which part of the strap activated.  The
activation cycled from the button resting on her clit to the butt
plug, back the clit and then the dildo up her pussy.  It was
maddening and the cycle never let her get used to the stimulation.
Each snap of electricity was like a surprise to her body.

She realized how hungry she was and she missed the bath, massage
and soft tongues.  Where was Megan, was she safe?  The torment of
her own thoughts mixed with the horrible belt and strap caused her
head to spin.

***************
Steve walked into Than's office and was shown to a comfortable over
stuffed chair.  A well dressed servant came in with tea and coffee
for the two gentleman and served Steve coffee and Than selected
tea.  Both men had been in negotiations for months and this was to
be the final meeting.

Steve had produced a video game several months ago and now was
ready to market it around the world.  It would be a revolutionary
virtual reality game that only required something like a pair of
sun glasses instead of the monster goggles and head gear every one
was used to.  Steve's company had the technology and software, the
partnership with Than and his company would provide the
manufacturing.

It had been an uphill battle for Steve to get his dream launched to
this point.  He was so close to having it all, and now it just came
to inking the deal with Than.  All the lawyers from both sides had
reviewed, edited, modified and blessed the contracts.  All
signatures were in place except for the two owners of the
respective companies.

Steve had decided to visit Than in Thailand to see the
manufacturing facility first hand.  He had been impressed with the
efficient layout and the high tech, modern, plastic injection
molding units.  There was no doubt this facility could produce the
millions of units projected for this game.  Steve knew he was
sitting on a virtual gold mine and was willing to share a healthy
share with a partner that could help bring the dream to reality.
The contract he was about to sign would make Than one of the
richest men in Thailand and perhaps the region.

The two men joked a bit and after they finished their refreshment,
they both retreated to a large board room with a conference table
in the center.  All the contract paperwork was neatly spread out in
proper sequence with marks to show where the signatures were to be
placed.  The lawyers had done a good job.

Steve wished he still had his star attorney working on this but she
just disappeared shortly after she won the big civil case for him
that made all this possible.  The months that it had taken to win
that case, Steve had become very attracted to Vicky, his attorney.
He knew it was not ethical to become involved with Vicky during a
big case but the desire was certainly there.

Steve had lost his wife of 23 years to cancer and at 54 was faced
with the loneliness of wanting to share his success with his loved
one.  Vicky and her daughter would have made a wonderful outlet to
lavish his love and new found success and wealth on.

After she disappeared, he and the law firm had hired detectives to
track her down.  The trail went cold at the hotel in the Bahamas.
No trace, clothes still in the room, no sign of them.  Steve knew
in his heart that something had happened to them.  But what?

After the signing the two men relaxed and chatted for a while.
Steve liked Than.  Articulate, well educated, an easy laugh and
style unlike most business men of the region.  It was easy to see
why Than was so successful.

The two men agreed to have dinner together that evening and Than
said he had a surprise for Steve.  Steve left and was escorted back
to his hotel by Than's limo and armed body guards.  Than had
provided Steve with some very nice accommodations as well as the
use of the limo and personal security.

Steve relaxed by the pool most of the afternoon and enjoyed the
hospitality of the hotel.  The management knew why he was in
Thailand and that Than had given the hotel incentive to treat Steve
like royalty.

Steve dressed for dinner and was met at the hotel entrance by the
body guard and limo.  He was taken to a very fine restaurant where
he met Than.  The dinner was fabulous and the service impeccable
with the waiters hovering and anticipating every need.  They dinned
in a private section of the place and were even visited by the chef
to check on the acceptance of his cuisine.

Steve and Than joked and drank and ate and thoroughly enjoyed each
others company. Toward the end of dinner, Than asked Steve if he
was aware of the reputation Thailand had regarding its underground
sex industry.  Steve assured Than he knew the reputation and was
curious about it but would not want to participate in any sexual
activities.    Steve did express an interest in perhaps a show of
some type.

Than beamed as he described an acquaintance named Mistress Kim and
how hot her show was each evening.  Her star performer was a
beautiful blond Western woman that performed unspeakable acts of
sexual depravity each evening.  Than described how the beautiful
tall woman would come out into the crowded room and get up on the
tables, squat, and allow herself to be fingered and probed while
holding her breasts as an offering.

Steve was shocked that a woman would do this sort of show but was
mildly stimulated by the visual image in his head of such an act.
He agreed and after dinner they got into the limo with four of
Than's body guards.

***************
Vicky lay on the bunk, digging at the strap, trying to get some
relief from the constant stimulation.  There was just no way to get
used to it because of the constant changing frequency and strength
of the little electric snapping.

She lay there for what she thought was an eternity.  Finally, the
door flew open and two guards entered.  They grabbed her and cuffed
her hands behind her back and literally dragged her down the hall
to the stage.

Vicky was a disheveled mess.  She had not been able to clean
herself completely and her hair was still matted and stuck
together.  She was hoping she was being taken to be cleaned up but
she was dragged directly to the stage area, still wearing the belt
and strap.

Vicky screamed at the sight she saw.  Megan was already there,
suspended in a face down, spread eagle position, horizontal to the
floor.  The four cables attached to her wrists and ankles produced
a visual effect that made it appear she was flying with
outstretched arms. A fifth cable was attached to a wide leather
belt around her mid section which supported her so her body was
straight and rigid.   Her breasts hung heavy with the nipple rings
dangling.  Her hair covered her face.  Her body was about waist
high off the floor.

Vicky was dragged out to the stage and a spreader bar was placed
between her legs.  She was standing by Megan's head, facing the
curtain with her hands behind her back and that damn strap
tormenting her continuously.

As the curtain opened to the roar of the crowd, Mistress Kim
pranced on stage.  Chattering into the microphone and waving her
free hand wildly in the air.  She whipped the crowd into a frenzy.
Men raced to the edge of the stage waving money and Mistress Kim
went down the line snatching the wads from the eager men.  Vicky
silently counted 30 men, now crowded at the end of the stage.  This
could not be happening.  Vicky struggled but it was useless.

Mistress Kim walked over to Vicky and yanked the strap tighter
forcing the metal button harder against her clit.  Mistress Kim's
face was red and flushed and her eyes had a wild look in them.
"Kitten just a slut now, time to make real money" and held the wad
of money in front of Vicky's face.  "Each man to fuck kitten and
you clean her after each one with your tongue".

Vicky was about to launch her helpless body at Mistress Kim when
she was shocked to hear a male voice scream her name from the back
of the room.  Vicky snapped her head up but was blinded by the
bright lights.

******************
Steve and Than arrived at Mistress Kim's sex club and Than
apologized for being a little late.  They were delayed leaving the
restaurant because the owner was bowing and scraping to Than
thanking him for their patronage.

Steve and Than, accompanied by the four body guards, entered
Mistress Kim's and space was immediately cleared for such important
guest.  As they were shown to their table in the center of the
room, Steve was on overload, looking around at the crowded room.
The ornate surroundings and the brightly lit stage.  The stage was
packed with a large group of jumping and fidgeting men at one end.
In the center was a spectacular looking blond hanging from some
awful contraption that suspended her in the air.

Steve's eyes caught the exquisite naked blond standing next to the
suspended woman.  His eyes immediately riveted on her shapely body
and her shaved crotch.  Steve's mouth watered at the sight.

Like an alarm bell in the back of his brain, he recognized Vicky to
be the blond, helpless, tied and displayed in such an obscene
manner.  His mind snapped and he screamed her name. "VICKY"

**********************
Steve was racing toward the stage with Than standing there in
shock.  As Steve reached the edge of the stage, the thug confronted
him and grabbed his arm.  Steve wheeled toward Than to find his new
partner had followed him to the edge of the stage.  Steve grabbed
Than by the arm and screamed at him that the woman on stage had
disappeared six months ago and he believed she had been kidnapped.
He told Than that he needed make sure she was OK.

Than held up his hands as a gesture that he did not want to get
involved.  Steve's face went to a shadowy angry expression and he
screamed if Than didn't help this instant, the whole deal was off
for the partnership.

Than, seeing the millions disappearing like smoke before his eyes,
chattered at the four body guards.  Instantly four Uzi machine guns
appeared from under their coats.  The thug released Steve and
reached for something under his jacket.  His hand never made
contact with what he was reaching for.  One of the body guards let
fly a burst of 9mm rounds that caught the thug full in the face.
His face disappeared in a cloud of red.

The group of men leaped off the stage and the crowd scampered for
the exits.  Steve leaped up onto the stage and started for Vicky.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a small woman running toward
him with a long object like an ice pick.  Steve avoided the strike,
stepped to one side and landed a hard blow to the smallish woman's
left jaw.  She crumpled into a heap on the floor, unconscious.

There was panic in the room.  People running every where, trampling
each other to escape.  The four body guards had surrounded Than at
the edge of the stage and looked like a fortress of bristling
Uzi's.  Steve reached Vicky and she collapsed in his arms.  He
gently laid her on the floor of the stage and went to the small
women he had just knocked out.  He took a key ring from her belt
and found the proper keys and unlocked the belt and strap around
Vicky.  After releasing Vicky, he motioned for one of the body
guards to help him release Megan.  She was shaking and sobbing and
frightened out of her wits.

When the two women were released and holding each other, Vicky
blurted to Steve they had been kidnapped 6 months ago by this evil
woman.  Steve looked back at Than and he just shrugged his
shoulders.

Vicky looked at the little heap that started to stir.  Mistress Kim
was regaining consciousness.  Vicky grabbed the handcuffs that were
lying on the floor next to her that Steve had removed from her
wrists.  She went to the evil little bitch and rolled her over and
sat on her.  Vicky grabbed her arms and almost broke them as she
yanked them back behind the woman's back.  Kim screamed in pain.
Click, click and Vicky was sitting on the now helpless, much
smaller woman.

Vicky stood up and ripped off the damn heels she detested.  Now
barefoot and able to keep her balance, she reached down and grabbed
Kim by the hair.  It was no trouble for Vicky to lift Kim from the
floor by her hair.  Screaming in pain and squirming, Kim was
resisting.  Vicky doubled up her fist and threw a right cross that
made Steve take notice.  Kim's face contorted and she was out cold
again.

A rapid exchange between Than and the body guards and the guards
fanned out to check for any new threat.  There was none.  The place
was empty.  The first burst from the guard's Uzi that had taken
down the thug was enough incentive to clear the building.  The
small group was alone.

Vicky walked to the side of the stage and found robes for her and
Megan.  She returned and wrapped her daughter in the soft cloth.
She looked at Steve and leaped into his arms, tears streaming down
her face.

Kim stirred again and Vicky's face turned into an expression that
made Steve take a step back.  Without a word, Vicky walked over to
Kim and started tearing the woman's clothes off.  Vicky looked
around and found the control box.  After a few tries, she found the
right switch and the hoist cable descended.  Vicky brought it to
the cuffs behind Kim's back and attached the cable.

A flick of the switch and Kim was being hoisted from the floor.
Her arms were being stretched up behind her back, forcing her into
a bent over position.  Steve looked at Vicky and said, "C'mon, lets
get the hell out of here".  Vicky glared back at Steve and said,
"Not yet, it's payback time".

Steve stepped back and thought he understood.  He took Megan and
helped her off the stage.  The body guards, Than, Steve and Megan
moved to the back of the room.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Thunder(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





