BDSM Library - Test Subjects




Test Subjects
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Four teenagers are abducted by aliens, two boys and two girls. The boys are forced to watch as the girls are humiliated and tortured. The girls end up having to help each other in order to survive the ordeal and fall in love with one another.
Test Subjects

                                              by Xodus


 Ashley was terrified!

 She was actually very close to going into permanent shock, but something was
keeping her totally aware of everything going on; some strange force. Probably
the same force that had total control of her very young and beautiful eighth
grade body. She could not move a single muscle of her own free will. All she
could do was stand there at attention, in this totally white room on what she
assumed was an alien spaceship!

 It looked like Stacie, Ben, and Shawn were in the same predicament as she was.
They were all standing at attention (arms straight down at their sides, backs
arched, shoulders back, chests thrust out) to form a circle in the center of the
room.

 Ashley could not see the walls of the room. It was as if the white floor went
on and on for eternity. All she could see were her three classmates and the
terrible things, creatures, that came into her view occasionally as they circled
the group of friends.

 Ashley noticed that Stacie was crying and whimpering as badly as she was and
Ben and Shawn both looked as if they were on the verge of tears. The fear in all
her friends eyes was palpable.

 She had no idea how they had gotten here. One minute they were all hanging out
at their favorite after school spot near the Lang Field pond and the next they
were all standing right here! She had absolutely no memory of anything in
between.

 One of the creatures stepped into the center of the circle formed by the young
humans.

 Ashley and all her friends cried out at the same time as they were able to see
the creature close up and clearly for the first time. It was at least ten feet
tall.

 The creature slowly turned in a circle so they could all get a good look at it.

  It seemed to be totally naked. It's skin was mostly blue with red in some
places and it seemed to glisten and shine like it was made of silk or covered
with a slick oil. It's face was almost featureless except for the yellow,
demonic looking eyes, and a slit where its mouth would normally be; no nose,
ears, or hair. It had very muscular arms and legs, no toes on its large feet,
and very odd hands with eight fingers on each. The fingers ranged from one that
was about eight inches long and two inches thick to one that was rolled up like
a whip and seemed to be about one inch thick at the base and come to a point at
the end.

 It began to speak, although the slit in it's head never moved and the sound
seemed to come from all directions at once. "Greetings, young Humans. We have
brought you here in order to continue our studies of the Human Species. We want
you to know that no permanent harm will be done to you. We are a very advanced
race of beings and we will totally repair any damage our testing may do to your
bodies and minds. You were chosen because you are young, strong, and easily
repairable."

 "We have been studying your species for over one hundred of your earth years.
You have probably heard many speak of encounters they have had with us. Perhaps
this will give you some sense of well being, knowing they were all returned
safely."

 "There will be a difference in the tests we perform on you and all the others
we have done. In the past, we have kept the test subjects unaware of what we
were actually doing to them. We did not let them feel the pain, or the pleasure
that you will feel."



 "We are going to be monitoring your every thought and feeling as well as all of
your physical reactions. Know that our technology allows us to do things to your
bodies that would cause death without it. We will push your bodies and minds
well beyond the limits that your technology will allow. We will be doing
physical, mental, and sexual experiments on you that would never be possible on
your planet because we can immediately repair any damage that we do to you and
also enable organs such as the intestines to stretch beyond their normal
capability. We can also keep you conscious, alert, and aware while experiencing
extreme pain, humiliation, and sexual pleasure as well as keep your mind and
body healthy during the process."

 Upon hearing the words pain, sexual, and humiliation the two girls began to
whimper and cry even more, and the boys began to whimper also.

 The creature waited a moment for the crying to die down and continued his
lecture. "As you have noticed, you cannot move your bodies on your own. We have
total control of all your muscles. You can make sound and move your eyes,
although at times we may control what we want you to look at, or the muscles in
your mouth. We have given you this control so that we can hear and monitor your
sounds of pain and pleasure. Although you can make sounds of pain and pleasure,
we will not allow you to speak. We are also able to position your body any way
we wish, without the use of devices of any kind." To demonstrate this, the
creature pointed at Stacie and she began to float in the air, about a foot off
the floor.

 Ashley began to cry even more as she watched her beautiful friend scream in
terror as the creature moved his hand in a circle and turned Stacie upside down
with her head a foot off the floor. Her long blond hair was just grazing the
white floor. The bottom of her loose fitting shirt had gathered under her arms
to expose her small breasts and ripe pink nipples. She was not wearing a bra.

 Ashley blushed with embarrassment for her dear friend as she noticed that Ben
and Shawn were staring at Stacie's exposed breasts.

 "Oh God!!" Ashley thought. "Are they going to take our clothes off in front of
Ben and Shawn?"

 The creature spoke. "We are registering much embarrassment and humiliation
within the subject, Stacie, due to the exposure of her pubescent breasts to the
two male humans." The creature moved it's hand in a circle again and Stacie
returned to a standing position and her shirt fell to cover her exposed breasts
once again.

 The next words from the creature shot fear and dread through the young minds of
Ashley and Stacie. " The young male subjects will not be tested in any physical
way. They are here as observers only, so that we can monitor the embarrassment
and humiliation of the female subjects. We have learned that pubescent, earth
females are the most modest and will be the most embarrassed and humiliated when
aware that they are being observed by male peers while naked and exposed during
sexual pleasure or painful testing."

 Ashley and Stacie both moaned in embarrassment as the creatures words sank in.
At the same time Ashley looked into the eyes of Ben and Shawn and saw relief.
She really couldn't blame them, but as they realized she saw the relief they
both cast their eyes down in shame.

 Suddenly, their eyes came back up to meet Stacie's with a shocked look on their
faces.

 The creature spoke again. "We wish the female subjects to know that we control
the male subject's eyes. They will not be allowed to look away when the females
are being tested. We will also be monitoring the male subject's sexual organs
and making the females aware when the males are sexually excited by what they
are seeing."

 "Oh God!! Ashley thought. "This could not be any worse! Why me? Why me?"



 The creature spoke once again. "We will begin with the young female specimen
that calls herself, Ashley. This female is an optimum specimen. She has long
hair, red in color. She has, what the humans consider fair skin with no visible
blemishes. She has what the humans call a full mouth with full ruby lips. All
facial paint, jewelry, and waste matter within her intestines were removed from
the female specimens during transfer."

 "She is five feet three inches in height. Her weight is one hundred and nine
human pounds. Her earth measurements are thirty-three inches at the bust,
twenty-four inches at the waist, and 35 inches at the hips. She wears a size
thirty-three B, brazier."  

 "Only four males have ever viewed her in a nude state. Her father when she was
younger and her doctors. She has never had sexual intercourse, although her
hymen was broken at the age of eleven by a self administered candle."

 "Her vagina is mature and supple. She has experienced menstruation for a period
of two years and completed her last menstruation six days ago. She has sparse
red hair on her pubic area. Her vaginal lips can be stretched to encase an
object up to three inches in diameter before tearing occurs. The maximum depth
of her cervix with full penetration is ten point three inches, before damage
occurs. Her clitoris is well exposed and when fully erect can reach a size of
one-quarter by one half of an inch. Her vaginal area is deep red in color,
comparable to the lips on her facial area."

 "Her buttocks are firm and well rounded with an optimum mix of muscle tissue
and fatty tissue. Her anus has never been penetrated. It can encase an object
three to four inches in diameter before major tearing occurs depending on how
much the subject helps the anus to stretch by pushing outward or grunting."

 "She masturbates three to six times a week."

 Ashley could not believe what she was hearing! The embarrassment and
humiliation, knowing that her friends were hearing it too, was almost too much
to bear. The tears were streaming down her face. She tried to cast her eyes
downward, but every time she tried they were forced back up to gaze into the
eyes of her friends, one at a time.

 The creature paused, seeming to mentally communicate with the other aliens, and
then continued. "The female subject, Ashley, will now completely disrobe. At
certain points in her disrobing she will pause to pose for her friends. Her
friends eyes will be directed from her body to her eyes at optimum times during
the disrobing, as will her eyes. She will continue to pose when she is totally
nude, for a short period of time."

 Ashley couldn't believe what was happening!

 Her hands began to move toward her shoes. She tried with all her might to stop
them, but it was impossible. It was as if they had a mind of their own. They
just kept going. Her whole body was trembling with the effort to try and stop
her hands, but they just kept moving and she removed one sneaker and then the
other. Then they moved down again and removed her socks.

 The white floor felt cool on the soles of her petite, bare feet as she saw one
of the other creatures reach in and take her shoes and socks

 Her toes began to flex up and down on the floor. She couldn't figure out why
until her eyes were directed to her three friends eyes, and she realized that
she was posing her bare feet for them.

 God, they were even making her feel embarrassed about her feet being naked!!!



 Suddenly, her hands began to move toward the buttons on her blouse! She began
to whimper and cry even louder as she realized again, that there was no way to
stop them. They started with the top button and continued until the last button
was undone.

 "Oh please, someone help me!" she thought, as her hands moved to each side of
her blouse and began to remove it.

 As the blouse hit the floor and she stood before her friends in her bra and
jeans, a creature quickly took the blouse.

 "Oh God!!!" she wondered. "What are they doing with my clothes. Will I ever get
them back again?"

 Her hands began to move toward the buttons on her jeans!

 She watched in horror and shame as her hands unfastened all the buttons on her
jeans and then reached up and began to pull them down. Before she could think,
she stepped out of the jeans and stood before her friends in her white cotton
panties and bra.

 As her hands moved to the top of her head she began to slowly turn in a circle,
posing for her friends again. A creature took her jeans away.

 The bra was a standard bra but the panties were bikini style. They really
showed off her pubic mound and revealed most of her ass cheeks in the back.

 Each time the circle turn brought her to face her friends her eyes were forced
to look into theirs.

 One time they would be looking at her bra or panties, and the next time they
would be looking into her eyes. Stacie seemed ashamed and scared for her, but
she thought maybe she saw excitement in the guy's eyes.

 She was so embarrassed and humiliated she thought she would feint, but there
was no way. Her cries and whimpers had turned to a constant sort of moan now,
almost a wail.

 As she finally stopped turning circles the creature spoke again. "Note: the
male subject Shawn is beginning an erection. Minimum arousal detected."

 "Oh Jesus!!", Ashley thought. "I am literally gonna die of shame and
embarrassment!!"

 Her face and neck got even redder, looking sunburned against the rest of her
smooth, ivory skin.

 Her hands were moving behind her back to unhook her bra!!!

 Ashley began to scream as she felt the bra come loose in the back, and her
hands move to the front, pull it off, and drop it to the floor.

 As a creature picked up the bra and took it away, she realized her firm, B cup
breasts with rosy red nipples that she was so proud of, were totally exposed to
her friends. To make matters even worse, her hands now moved to clasp at the
back of her neck. This caused her to jut her chest out in a very humiliating
pose. As the tears continued to flow down her face, she realized that the
coolness of the room had made her nipples rock hard and she screamed even
louder!!! Her body trembled even more as she fought with all her might to try
and make her hands move to cover her exposed young breasts.

 As her back arched even more to jut her breasts out at her friends, her eyes
were forced to theirs again. First they would be staring at her naked breasts,
then into her eyes. The shame was unbearable.

 Ashley gasped, then wailed as her hands moved to the stretch band at the top of
her panties and began to pull them down. "Oh God, noooo!!!! Don't let this
happen!!!! Let it be a dream!!!! Let me wake up!!!! Please!!!!"

 She was rudely jerked back to reality. Ashley pierced the giant room with a
shrill moan as she stepped out of her panties and a creature stepped in and took
them away.

 God, how she wanted to cover herself with her hands. But, instead, the
traitorous hands moved to the back of her neck again.



 Now she stood before her friends and the creatures totally naked. All her
makeup and jewelry had even been removed. She had never felt so naked, and
probably never would again!

 Her legs were moving!!!! As Ashley watched in horror and shame, she began to
widen her stance on the floor. As her feet moved wider and wider apart, she
began to arch her back even more. This made her young, beautiful pussy jut out
even more. She had a small, sparse patch of red hair above the top of her
vagina, but that was it. As her legs spread wider and wider the full red lips of
her vagina were exposed more and more. As she reached the end of her spread,
almost a full split, even her clitoris was exposed to the eyes of her friends.
She had a rather large clit for a young woman her age, and the weight of it made
it pop from between her ruby red vaginal lips as they spread wide apart.

 The creature pointed his hand at Ashley and she began to rise into the air.
Somehow he made her hold the same pose as she got higher and higher off the
floor. She stopped rising when her beautiful young pussy was at about eye level
to her friends.

 "Oh noooooooo!!!" Ashley's mind screamed. "He is giving them an even better
view of my vagina. Spread wide open, almost right in their faces!!!"

 Once again her eyes were forced to look at the eyes of her friends. They were
all staring at her totally naked pussy!!!

 The creature once again raised it's hand and Ashley began to slowly rotate
again, giving her friends a view of her totally naked backside as well as the
front. When she would get to the point where her backside was turned to them,
she would bend forward allowing them an unobstructed view of her beautiful young
cunt and her rosy red asshole.

 Total humiliation was what Ashley was feeling. She must look like a naked
dancing whore in a strip bar. Bending forward and backward. Displaying her
vagina and anus to her friends. God, there was nothing she could do to stop it!

 The turning and bending suddenly stopped and she found herself facing her
friends once more in the hands behind neck, legs spread wide, and vagina jutted
out pose.

 The creature spoke again. "Note: the male subject, Shawn, now has a full
erection. The male subject, Ben, now has a partial erection. Arousal and
ejaculation eminent."

 Ashley's eyes were suddenly forced to Shawn's crotch where she saw his hard
penis pressing against his jeans. She felt as if she might pass out or die from
the humiliation.

 The creature continued. "The young, totally nude, female subject, Ashley, will
now be stimulated to her first orgasm in this study. The other subjects will be
moved to a position of total exposure during the test. Their eyes will be forced
between her vagina at close range and her face at times. This way they will
witness the engorgement and orgasm of her clitoris and the expression of ecstacy
and lust on her face."

 "Oh my God!", Ashley thought. "Does he think he is gonna make me come? Get me
excited? In front of my friends? There is no way! No matter what he does to me I
could never become aroused, never get turned on by that MONSTER!!!"

 Ashley began to scream as the creature moved in front of her and she saw her
friends being moved to positions around him. They were now even closer to her
and had an even better view of her vagina. She had never felt so degraded and
embarrassed!

 As the creature placed his giant left hand between her legs and began to spread
the top of her outer lips apart to expose her clitoris even more, Ashley felt
like she was gonna vomit on all of them, but as soon as she felt she was going
to heave, the feeling left each time.



 He now had the top of her pussy spread so far apart that her rather large clit
was totally exposed. It was also painful for Ashley.

 She watched in horror as the creature moved his right hand between her legs and
began to rub the  tip of the giant fat finger up and down the length of her ruby
red vaginal lips. It felt slick, slimy, and almost hot.

 Ashley was so revolted and sickened by what he was doing that she knew there
was no way this was gonna turn her on. The creature was WRONG!!!

 She began to feel pressure between her young pussy lips and looked down to see
that the creature was pushing the end of the eight inch long, two inch thick
finger between her vaginal lips.

 God!!! Was he going to try to push that thing up inside her?

 The pain was bad as the pressure kept building, and Ashley began to wail
shriller and louder.

 Just as she thought the pressure was going to smash her lips and make them
bleed, she felt a sharp pain and the tip of the giant finger was inside of her.

 "Ahhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" she screamed, as the tears rolled down her beautiful
face.

 Then she felt the hot, slimy, giant finger slowly pushing even further and
further inside her. Her young pussy lips were stretched around the horrible
thing. Stretched almost to the limit. She felt they might tear at any moment.

 Her eyes were suddenly torn from the terrible thing between her legs and to her
friends faces. They were all looking right at the horrible finger being pushed
into her. God!! She WANTED to die of embarrassment!

 Her eyes were taken back to her vagina and she screamed again as she realized
he now had at least half the length of the giant finger up inside her. As she
watched in total horror, he slowly, painfully pushed the rest of the giant thing
up into her, until she felt terrible pressure against her cervix way deep inside
of her. She had never felt so violated!

 Just as she thought she was going to pass out from the pain, it eased up a
little. Just enough to let her stop screaming and catch her breath. She never
imagined that her young vagina could stretch wide and deep enough for that
horrible thing to go all the way up her. Not without dying from the pain at
least.

 All of a sudden the giant finger deep inside of her began to throb and grow
even hotter. She could feel each throb in her pussy lips, the walls of her
vagina, and even her cervix. The heat, although not hot enough to burn her, was
so warm that she felt it spread all the way up to her belly and breasts.

 All of a sudden Ashley began to clench and unclench her asshole in time to the
throb in the finger. She tried to stop it, but it was no use! They were making
her do it!

 Then she noticed that her clitoris had begun to throb in time with the throb in
the finger also. God! She was getting excited! "Noooooooooo!!!" her mind
screamed. "This can't be happening!!!"

 She was trying to fight the immense feeling of pleasure when the creature
suddenly pressed the tip of the whip like finger against her throbbing clitoris.
It began to vibrate and send electric pulses into her throbbing clit
immediately.

 As her friends watched with surprise and excitement in their eyes, Ashley let
out a long sigh and began to moan in pure ecstacy.

 Her clit began to engorge and swell until it was twice its normally large size.

 Her pelvis began to hunch in and out in time to the throbbing of the giant
finger.

 Her sweet pussy juice was now gushing out of her around the thick finger and
running down the creatures arm.



 Stacy had never felt so much pleasure. She was totally lost in it. She was
moaning louder and louder. Her eyes were glassed over and her tongue was lolling
out of her mouth.

 Floating in the air, legs spread wide, pussy hunching in and out, ass cheeks
clinching and unclenching - she was the perfect picture of a young bitch in
heat!

 As she reached orgasm her ass cheeks clenched tight, her pussy thrust out even
further, and her engorged clit began to visibly throb. A long, high moan came
from deep inside her.

 At just that moment her glassed over eyes were forced to look at her friend's
faces and focus.

 They were all staring at her face, watching her come in pure ecstacy, like a
young bitch in heat!

 The shame and embarrassment hit Ashley like a cold shower. "How in God's name
could I have allowed myself to come in front of my friends like that. I must be
a whore, a slut!"

 She began to cry uncontrollably and her head dropped to her chest in shame.

 The creature began to speak " Note: Male subject, Shawn, ejaculated fourteen
seconds from the point at which the female subject's orgasm began. Male subject,
Ben, has a full erection and was almost to the point of ejaculation. Female
subject, Stacie was also greatly aroused. Her vagina is lubricated and her
clitoris is partially distended."

 Ashley's eyes were suddenly locked on Stacie's eyes. Stacie showed a look of
shame and her face was flushed with embarrassment. Ashley's eyes showed a look
of pure shock!

 "God!!" she thought. "Not only do I have to be embarrassed that Ben and Shawn
are getting turned on watching me, but Stacie too. God, Stacie!!! Noooooo!!!!!"

 The creature continued. "The next phase of the tests on the young female
subject, Ashley, will begin with a complete filling and voiding of her bladder
and intestines with a liquid solution containing a non-toxic anti-bacterial
cleaner. This process will be repeated until we are satisfied that the upper and
lower intestines, the bladder, and urinary tracts have been filled and stretched
to their maximum. The number of enemas we will need to administer will be
decided by the subject's choices to support and hold."

 "The subject was cleared of all fecal matter during transport. There are no
obstructions in her intestines to impede the progress of the nozzles."

 "For the benefit of our observers, we would like you to know that although you
will not see her expel the fluids into a container, the material will not reach
the floor. The materials will be disintegrated immediately before it strikes
another object when she expels it after the intestinal or bladder enemas."

 The last words of the creature shook Ashley to the bone. She didn't quite
understand what they were going to do to her until he said the word ENEMA!!!

 "Dear God!!!" her tormented mind screamed. "Please don't let them do that to me
in front of my friends. I won't be able to stand it!!! God, I have never even
heard of a bladder enema, but it sounds like I will be shitting and peeing in
front of my friends!!! Oh pleassssseeeeeeeeeee!!! Not that!! Anything but
that!!!!

 Ashley began to wail so loud it scared her friends.

 The creature stepped forward and began moving his hands.

 Ashley felt herself begin to lay backward until she was in a reclining
position. Her hands were clasped behind her neck, holding her head up at almost
a ninety degree angle. Her body was then lowered until her buttocks were about
four feet off the floor. She screamed again as she realized she was now pulling
her legs up and spreading her legs wider and wider until her ankles were
stretched out to almost two feet on each side of her head. They kept coming back
until they were actually lower than her head.



 She was now in the most spread position her body could possibly be in and her
naked vagina and asshole were totally spread wide open for her friends to see.
She still had a perfect view of her friends faces as her hands held her head up
from between her legs.

 All of a sudden a large image began to appear above her friends heads. At first
she wasn't sure what it was, but as it became clearer and clearer she realized
it was her on a giant TV screen or something, and it was LIVE!!!! Now she could
see herself from the same view her friends were seeing her!

 Ashley began to shiver with shame and embarrassment. Her eyes were forced to
the big screen as the tears streamed down her face.

 "Oh God!!" she thought. "I look like some kind of wild contortionist all spread
out like this. It seems like my legs would have to be forcibly tied down in
order to reach such a wide open position and yet I feel no pressure at all!"

 Ashley was being made to look directly at her vagina and anus on the screen.
"Jesus, I am so naked she thought, so spread open, nothing hidden. If it wasn't
for my little patch of hair I would be even more exposed than I am.

 Just as she was beginning to grab on to the thought that the small patch of red
hair left her a little bit of dignity, the creature pulled an instrument out of
nowhere, it seemed, and held it over the small patch of hair. In a few seconds
every hair was totally removed leaving her feeling twice as exposed and naked.
Her ruby red vagina and anus now stuck out like a sore thumb against her milky
white skin.

 The creature had been reading her mind!!!

 Ashley began to wail and sob again.

 The creature began to speak again. "During this phase of the testing, the
subject will be given more freedom of choice. She will have total control over
her bladder, rectal, and all abdominal muscles."

 "We will be introducing the first pure pain process into this phase of the
test. Strong clips will be attached to the young female subject's nipples. We
will have two options to administer intense pain to the subject's very tender,
young nipples. The clips will be supported by two cables from directly above.
There will be an electrical charge available through the cables and the cables
will be capable of pulling upward on the nipples, stretching them, along with
the subjects breasts."

 "The reason for the introduction of the pain in this phase is to give the
subject choices. We will decide how much fluid the subject can support in her
intestines and bladder for each enema and for how long. The subject will be
given the choice of supporting the amount of liquid in her intestines or bladder
that we decide on at the time and also the choice to hold the liquid for the
time we specify before she expels it. If the subject decides to expel the liquid
before the determined amount is supported or the determined amount of time has
passed, she will be deciding to accept the pain administered by the nipple
clamps instead."

 "We will be performing other tests during the administration and the holding of
the fluids. The time of the duration of some of these tests will be the time the
subject will be asked to hold the liquid."

 "This young, female subject has very strong sphincter and abdominal muscles and
we have adjusted the holding times to the maximum."

 "Earth technology does not allow for the filling of the small intestine with
liquid during an enema. Our technology supports this quite well, as we will be
filling and flushing both the large and small intestines."



 "Her urinal tract from her urethra to the back of her bladder is exactly
thirteen inches. Her urethra can support a catheter of one half inch in diameter
before damage. Her bladder can support two quarts of liquid without our
technology before damage occurs. With our technology  she will be able to
support one gallon of liquid."

 "Her large intestine from her anus, through her rectum to her colon and on to
her small intestine is exactly three feet seven inches long and can support one
gallon of liquid without our technology. With our technology, her large
intestine can support two gallons of liquid."

 "Her small intestine which starts after the three feet seven inches of large
intestine is exactly seventeen feet five inches long and can support one gallon
of liquid without our technology and two gallons of liquid with our technology."

 "The totals are : Her bladder can support an enema catheter twelve inches in
length with a tip diameter of one quarter inch and a base diameter of one half
inch. The subjects bladder can support one gallon of liquid at maximum."

 "Her intestines are a total of twenty one feet long from her anus to the end of
her small intestine and can support four gallons of liquid at maximum."

 "Remember, our technology allows the bladder, anal canals, and intestines to
stretch much further than they normally could."

 "The intestinal enema nozzle will be twenty feet eleven inches long. It will
consist of three distinct sections so that we may fill any or all portions of
her intestines with fluid at any given time. Each section can be connected to
and disconnected from the other sections either externally or internally."

 "The base section will be twenty-two inches in length. It will be four inches
in diameter at the base. The four inch diameter section of the base will be four
inches in length. At that point it will graduate down in three more sections.
The next section will be ten inches in length and three and one-half inches in
diameter. The next section will be four inches in length and three inches in
diameter. The last or beginning section will be four inches in length and two
inches in diameter. The entire length of the twenty-two inch base section will
be encircled by one-quarter inch raised ribs one inch apart. The inches will be
noted visibly on the shaft of the base section between each rib so that the
observers and the subject will be able to see exactly how deep the penetration
of her anal canal is at any given time."

 "There will be one outlet for the liquid in the side of the base which can be
opened or closed at any time. It will be two inches from the end of the base or
twenty inches deep into her anal canal in the two inch diameter section. The
base section will not be flexible."

 "The second section starts at the end of the two inch diameter section of the
twenty-two inch base. It will be twenty inches long and one half inch in
diameter. There will be a liquid outlet at nineteen inches toward the end of
this section or three feet five inches deep into the subject's anal canal. This
section will reach to within one inch of the start of her small intestine so
that we may totally fill her large intestine. This section will be flexible."

 "The third and final section is seventeen feet five inches long and one quarter
of an inch in diameter. It is especially made to penetrate and run the full
length of the subject's small intestine. There were be a liquid outlet every one
foot along the total length of this section. This section will be flexible."

 "The enemas, in different stages, may need to be administered more than once.
This will mainly depend on the young female subject's choices on supporting and
holding the liquid."

 Ashley wanted to feint, wanted to go into shock, wanted to die!



 The long lecture the creature had just given had jarred her to the bone. She
was terrified!!!

 Her mind was screaming so loud, she was sure her friends could hear her as well
as the creatures. "Oh God help me!!!! Nooooooo! Noooooooo! They can't do that to
me. I can't take it!!!! Please let me die!!! Gallons!!!! Over TWENTY feet inside
me!!!!  FOUR inches thick!!!! Nipple Clamps!!!! Electricity!!!! Stretching!!!!"

 For the first time, Ashley realized the cold, hard truth. She really was a
specimen, a bug to these alien creatures. They did not care one bit about her
feelings. They were gonna do all sorts of terrible things to her, and there was
absolutely nothing she could do about it!

 She decided to try and be as tough as she could. Do the best that she could.
And, above all, try and keep her sanity!

 A device similar to a garden hose suddenly dropped from above and the creature
began washing Ashley's anus and vaginal area. Just like the creature said, none
of the washing solution actually hit the floor.

 Ashley was trying to control her sobs. The washing liquid was warm, and it
really didn't feel all that bad.

 The creatures were forcing her eyes between the big screen with a close up of
her bottom on it, and her friends eyes. The boys still seemed turned on but
concerned, but she could see nothing but pure fear and concern for her in
Stacie's eyes.

 Poor Stacie!!! Having to watch them doing to me what they might do to her later
must be terrible!!!

 Just as Ashley was getting her sobs under control, the creature completed the
washing.

 All of the sudden, all sorts of tubes and cables became visible from above her.
They were mostly mounted on long metal arms that could swing back and forth and
go up and down.

 Ashley recognized the LONG and THICK enema nozzle and the nipple clips. There
were other devices that she really wasn't sure about.

 She began to cry hysterically again, even though she was trying her best not
to.

 It got even worse when she realized she already needed to pee, bad!!!

 The creature must have read her mind! "The subject's bladder is quite full at
the moment. She is given the choice to hold the urine until the nipple clamps
are in place and urinate on my command,  or urinate now and experience her first
test of pain when the nipple clamps are secure."

 Between sobs, Ashley suddenly realized she was being allowed to say one word.
Wait, or Now.

 She didn't like to be shocked from experience so said "Wait" as fast as she
could.

 She couldn't help but whimper as the creature took a nipple between the fingers
of each giant hand and began to roll them back and forth. The sensation wasn't
painful and to add to Ashley's shame, her nipples were soon as hard as rocks.

 The creature then took a nipple clamp in each hand, spread the jaws on them,
and placed them over her young tender nipples.

 Ashley tried to brace herself for the pain, but when he released the clamps she
screamed loud enough to shatter glass! The pain was the worst she had ever felt!
Her screams literally filled the giant room! It was all she could do to keep
from peeing right then and there!



 The creature spoke. "You have just witnessed our healing technology. Since we
intend to stretch her breasts and nipples with the clamps and cables if the
subject so chooses, we needed to make the clamps extremely strong. Without our
healing technology the nipples would have immediately burst under the immense
pressure, but instead, they were healed immediately upon bursting. Now the
pressure inside the nipples is somewhat elevated. Just enough to keep the
nipples from bursting again."

 Ashley was trying to take deep breaths between the sobs. The pain, although
still bad, was lessening. It was becoming a very painful throb with each beat of
her heart, rather than one constant excruciating pain.

 Ashley's eyes once again widened with fear as she saw another set of clamps in
the creatures hands.

 The creature began to speak. " I will also be placing clamps on the subjects
inner vaginal lips. These clamps are not as strong as the nipple clamps. They
will be used to spread the lips to maximum so the urethra will be totally
exposed to sight."

 Ashley's eyes burned with humiliation and tears as she realized her pee hole
would be totally open and exposed to her friends.

 She braced herself for the pain of the clamps again. To her surprise the pain
was bad, but not nearly as bad as the nipple clamps had been. She managed to go
through the clamping with just a few whimpers.

 After the clamps were in place, the creature then held the two small cables
that were attached to them and used them to pull her tender red pussy lips as
far apart as possible. Then he stuck the two cables to her abdomen with an
adhesive, leaving her bright red clit and pee hole totally exposed to the eyes
of her friends.

 Now, Ashley needed to pee so bad she could barely hold it, her bladder was
hurting almost as much as her nipples and pussy lips. Her pretty red asshole was
clenched as tight as she could get it to help hold the pee in, and she knew her
friends could see her clinching it tight, because she could see it on the
screen!

 The creature finally spoke. "On my command, expel the liquid in your bladder."

 Ashley got ready to release her asshole and push with her stomach to pee as
fast as she could when the creature told her to. The shame and humiliation were
terrible, knowing that she was going to pee in front of her friends, right at
her friends, with her pee hole totally exposed!

 Finally the creature said "Now" and Ashley released and pushed in total shame.

 Nothing happened!!!

 Ashley was pushing as hard as she could. She knew she needed to pee bad but
couldn't!

 All of a sudden she heard a small whirring noise, and then felt terrible pain
in her nipples again as they were pulled straight up by the cables.

 Ashley started screaming again.

 The creature spoke. "Note: The subject chose pain when she decided not to expel
the liquid in her bladder upon my command. The pain will continue until the
subject chooses to expel the liquid."

 Ashley was trying to concentrate on peeing, but the pain in her nipples and
breasts was getting worse and worse. She watched in total horror as her
beautiful young breasts and nipples were stretched out two inches, then three
inches, then four.....

 Ashley mustered up all her strength and pushed with all her might, and suddenly
the golden liquid gushed out of her wide open pee hole in a large steady stream.
The stream arced up into the air about two feet, then rainbowed out another
three feet and disintegrated as it was just about to hit Ben in the chest.

 Immediately, the nipple clamps began to come back down, and the terrible pain
turned in to a hard throb again.



 Ashley peed and peed! It must have lasted at least a minute. The relief was so
intense that she was almost feeling proud of herself before she turned cherry
red with embarrassment as her eyes were forced to her friends faces. Once again,
she realized her friends were watching her perform a very private bodily
function with her pee hole spread in their faces!

 Ashley tried not to cry, but couldn't stop the sobs and tears, as the creature
grabbed the washing nozzle and washed her terribly violated bottom again.

 The creature spoke: "Note: The male subject, Ben, ejaculated 38 seconds after
the female subject chose to obey my command."

 "We will now administer the first rectal enema. I will inform the observers and
the subject of the progress of the penetration of the large and small intestine
in inches at certain times. Once we reach the point of insertion of the
twenty-two inch non-flexible base, you will be able to see the progress in
inches on the shaft of the base between the rings. Just add the noted amount of
inches to the last total I give you and you will be able to determine the total
length of the penetration into her anal canal and intestines to that point. The
total length of the penetration into her anal canal, large, and small intestines
will be twenty feet ten inches when the stop ring at the base of the twenty-two
inch base section at the bottom of the four inch diameter section makes contact
with Ashley's anus ring or sphincter."

 "We will only be filling the anal canal and large intestine with liquid during
the first enema procedure. The young female subject, Ashley, will be given the
choice to support and hold two gallons of liquid."

 "There are micro cameras mounted at certain intervals along the enema nozzle
and one on the end. We will be switching the view on the overhead telemonitor to
those cameras occasionally to enable the observers and the subject to see the
progress of the internal penetration and filling of her anal canal and large
intestine. A telemonitor will now be placed above the subject in view of the
observers."

 Ashley was trying as hard as she could to control the sobs and screams as she
saw the giant TV drop from above to about four feet above her spread open
bottom. The thought of the creature sticking the giant nozzle up inside her
young tender rectum and having to take a WHOLE TWO GALLONS of liquid inside her
was just too much though. Her chest was heaving up and down with hard racking
sobs. She was crying like a baby.

 Ashley's eyes widened in fear as she watched the creature take the end of the
giant nozzle in his hand and spread what looked like a lubricant on its tip. Her
eyes were then forced to the big screen where there was a giant close-up of her
ruby red asshole.

 Ashley's eyes seemed as if they were going to pop out with fear as she saw the
tip of the nozzle come into view and then saw and felt it begin to press against
her asshole.

 The one quarter inch tip slipped easily into her rectum with some discomfort,
but no pain yet. She felt the thin tube starting to move deeper inside her ass.

 God! As the creature pushed again it felt as if the tube was a mile into her
already.

 The creature spoke. " The flexible end nozzle has penetrated eight inches into
the subjects anal canal and rectum."

 " We will now switch to the internal camera view so all can see the penetration
of the one hundred and eighty degree intestinal loop that will take us to the
colon. The tube will then make another loop of one hundred and thirty-five
degrees to reach the sigmoid colon at a depth of fourteen inches."

 Ashley's eyes were suddenly forced to the TV screen and what she saw made her
wail in shame and embarrassment.



 She and her friends were being forced to look at the INSIDE of her asshole!!!!!

 She could see about 3 inches of the end of the nozzle and the inside of her
rectum. Thank God they had taken all the shit out of her on the way here!!!!

 The inside of her rectum looked like a round tube with pink walls on the
inside. God!!! She realized!!! It's so small!!! Only like an inch or so in
diameter!!!! How in the world am I gonna be able to take something four inches
in diameter up inside there?!!!! He is gonna split my insides apart!!!!

 Ashley tried to stifle the sobs, but there was no way. She just new the pain to
come was gonna be terrible!!!!

 She saw and felt the tube start moving again. It looked like it was gonna hit
the wall of her rectum and then turned to the right. She could see the nozzle
bending as it went down the loop a few inches then started to turn back up to
the right.

 The nozzle tended to lay against the wall of the tube it was going through, so
she could actually feel it sliding along inside of her!!!

 Her tummy was cramping a little from the contact with her sensitive rectal
walls and it was making her feel like she needed to take a shit!!! This was
getting to be very uncomfortable to say the least!!!

 All of a sudden Ashley screamed in terror!!!!
"Ahhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"

 She had just realized that the humongous base of this terrible enema nozzle was
twenty-two inches long and was NOT flexible!!!! It would not be able to make
those turns that the little tube was making!!!! It would rip her insides
apart!!!!

 "Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee", she screamed again. Then she began
to sob histerically.

 The creature read her mind and spoke. "Note: The small tube you are watching on
the screen is very flexible. It and the middle flexible portion can pass through
the loops and curves of the subjects anal canals with ease."

 "The last section of the nozzle, the twenty-two inch long base is not flexible.
This means it will not curve as it reaches the loops and turns you just saw the
small tube pass through.Instead, it will actually straighten out her anal canal
from the rectum all the way to the desending colon creating one twenty-two inch
long, straight tube out of Ashleys anal canal, rectum, sigmoid colon and
desending colon."

 "This process can be extremely painful, depending on the choices the subject
makes, but it will cause no damage to her. I will explain her choices when we
get to that point."

 "The tube has now entered the sigmoid colon at a depth of fourteen inches. It
will travel upwards to the right at a forty-five degree angle for another six
inches, then turn to the left again to travel straight up and into the desending
colon."

 Ashley didn't know if she should feel relieved or not!

 Straighten out her insides!!!! Straighten all those loops and curves she was
seeing inside her ass and tummy?!!!! How could that be done without ripping her
apart?!!!

 So far the creature hadn't lied to them. She had to believe him just to keep
her sanity!!!

 Her wails turned to a low sobbing.

 The TV screen had been changed to a closeup of Ashley's spread open pussy lips
and the small tube hanging out of her asshole during the creature's last talk.
It now changed back to show the inside of Ashley's ass again.

 As Ashley and the others were forced to stare at the screens, the tube began to
move again.



 God!! The shame and humiliation of having them all looking deep inside her ass
canal, made her shiver and sob again.

 Ashley saw and felt the tube begin to move again. It was now in a little larger
pink tube and moving up and to the right. The inside of this tube seemed to be
glistening with mucus.

 God!!! The embarrassment of her friends seeing this made her turn cherry red
all over again!!

 The tube sliding against the wall of her colon was a sickening feeling,
cramping her tummy and making her feel like she needed to grunt real bad.

 "God!!!!", she thought. "PLEASE don't make me grunt in front of my friends!!!!
I know they will all notice and even hear me!!!!

 Ashley emitted a moan that was almost a grunt as the tube continued to move
deeper up her beautiful young ass.

 The tube began to turn again. This time to the left and straight up into a tube
that was a little smaller than the last one but had even more mucus on the
walls. The mucus was actually dripping off the walls in this tube!!!

 "God!!!", Ashley thought. "It just gets worse and worse!!!"

 She let out another low key moan that was almost a grunt as the tube moved a
few inches into the tube and stopped.

 The creature spoke again. "Note: I am sure you have noticed the increase in
liquids on the walls of Ashley's anal canal as the tube goes deeper and deeper
into her intestines. This is anal mucus, or intestinal mucus. It is very
important to the digestive process in humans. It also allows the human waste to
slide through the tubes more easily as it makes its way toward her rectum and
anal ring to be expelled in a bowel movement."

 "The tube has now penetrated Ashley's anal canal, rectum, sigmoid colon, and
now rests two inches into her desending colon. This is a total depth of
twenty-two inches, which is the exact depth the end of the non-flexible base
will be when I have pushed it in all the way to the stop ring at the bottom of
the base."

 "Please, help me!!!!" Ashelys mind screamed! She thought she was gonna die of
embarrassment when he told them about the mucus. "How in the WORLD am I gonna be
able to take that last twenty-two inches up inside my ass and rectum without
dying!!!! What about all the organs up there?!!! My Stomach!!! Liver!!! Who
knows what else!!!! They cant be more than twenty-two inches from my
asshole!!!!"

 Ashley screamed again. "Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee", she
wailed.

 The creature continued.. Note: There are organs inside the subject that are
less than twenty-two inches from her anal ring. These organs are pliable and
will move to the side as the anal canals are straightened by the base nozzle and
it reaches its full depth. They will not be damaged."

 "The tube will now continue it's total penetration of the large intestine. It
will continue upwards along the colon and then make a large radius loop to the
left and straight down again until it reaches the entrance to her small
intestine, the lleum."

 Ashley let out an audible sigh of relief as she felt and saw the small tube
start to move deeper into her ass again. At least her organs weren't going to be
pulverized by the giant base of the enema nozzle!!!

 The tube was going straight up then began a long turn to the left. The mucus
was almost flowing within the pink tube now. The sick feeling and the need to
grunt got worse and worse as the tube went deeper and deeper inside her.



 The tube turned downward, went straight a bit and then did a very odd thing.
The last inch of the tube bent to form a ninety degree angle at the end.

 Ashley sighed and let out another low moan that was almost a grunt, as the
creature began to speak again. "The tube has now totally penetrated Ashley's
large intestine. As you can see on the screen, the end of the tube has made an
ninety degree angle. This is part of our technology that allows us to penetrate
and fill the small intestine with fluid. The end of the tube, after the ninety
degree angle is now directly in line with her lleum, or the entrance to her
small intestine. Earth technology cannot penetrate the lleum from an anal entry
point. Therefore, earth can only enter the small intestine from an oral entry
point."

 "The penetration and entry into the lleum is going to be very uncomfortable for
Ashley. The entrance into the lleum is only one-quarter of an inch in diameter 
The enema tube is one-quarter inch in diameter."

 "As the tube passes through the entrance to the lleum and on into the small
intestine, which is one inch in diameter, it will cause friction within the
entry to the lleum. This will cause some cramping within Ashley, and make her
feel as if she needs to make a bowel movement, although there is no waste within
her entire anal system and intestines. She will then, involuntarily, try to
perform a bowel movement. This should be extremely obvious to all of the
observers."

 "She will begin to push outward with her anal and abdominal muscles. She will
make guttural grunting sounds as she will get no relief as she would in a normal
bowel movement. Her anal ring or sphincter will visibly push outward as she
grunts and even open up around the enema tube as if to expel the waste. The
pushing and grunting will continue for approximately five minutes until the
entrance is accustomed to the friction and will no longer feel irritated and
cause this reaction."

 "We will show the internal entrance into the lleum on the screens. Once the
lleum as been penetrated, the observers will be moved to a position with their
eyes eighteen inches to two feet from Ashley's anus and vagina. Their eyes will
be forced to switch back and forth between her anus as it opens and pushes
outward and her face as the grunting becomes more and more intense."

 Ashley began to cry like a baby as her whole body burned bright red with
humiliation and embarrassment. "Someone pleaaaassssseeee help me!!!!" she
thought. "How can they do this to me? Why? They want to embarrass me as much as
possible in front of my friends!!!!"

 Her eyes were suddenly forced to the big TV screen.

 The end of the tube was moving toward a tiny opening in the end of the pink
tube. As the tip of the enema tube made contact with the tiny entrance hole,
Ashley felt a sharp cramp that took her breath away.

 The tube continued to push at the tiny hole until all of a sudden it went
inside. This made Ashley tighten her tummy muscles and start to push but she was
able to stop the reaction.

 The picture changed, and she now saw the inside of the smaller tube on the
other side. It was not as pink as the other tubes but had a lot more mucus in
it.

 The tube had stopped moving.

 She saw her three friends being turned around and bent forward until their eyes
were at the same level as her asshole. Then they were all moved forward on the
sides of the creature until they were all no more than a foot or so from her
asshole and pussy.

 "God!!!" she thought. "This can't get any worse!!! Please don't let it get any
worse!!!!"

 Her eyes were suddenly forced to the TV screen where there was a close-up of
her asshole.

 God!! They wanted her to see exactly what her friends were seeing!!!



 She saw the creature's giant hand come into the picture and start to push on
the enema tube just before the cramping began.

 Ashley immediately let out a low keyed moan that was almost a grunt as her
tummy muscles tightened and got ready to push outward. She had never needed to
shit so bad in her life!!!

 She tried to fight against the terrific urge to shit, but there was just no
way. With each push of the enema tube the urge to shit got worse and worse!!!!

 All of a sudden, she let out a deep, loud, guttural grunt that seemed to come
from the depth of her bowels and began to push out as hard as she could.

 She saw her asshole ring around the enema tube start to push outward and then
her asshole actually opened up to a diameter of about an inch!!!!

 She tried again with all her might to stop the grunting but it was getting even
worse with each push of the enema tube. Her asshole would slam shut and then
open up again as another grunt overtook her!!!

 The grunting was building in intensity. She was making AWFUL sounds!!! She
sounded like a hog!!! The sounds seemed to be coming from deep within her bowels
as they became louder and more guttural with every push.

 The urge to shit was so bad she didn't think she could stand it much longer.
Her tongue was sticking out and her teeth were clamped down on it. It was all
she could do to keep from biting into it as she grunted harder and harder and
the guttural sounds got louder and louder!!!

 Suddenly,  her eyes were forced to all her friends eyes and they were ALL
looking at her face!!! Then her eyes were forced to the big screen and she saw
what they were seeing. Her tongue was sticking out between her teeth!!!! She was
grunting loud and deep like a pig in heat!!!! Her face was as red as a beet from
the pressure and her eyes were bugged out as if they might pop out any
minute!!!!

 She looked so NASTY!!!! That was the only word for it!!!! NASTY NASTY
NASTY!!!!!!

 The cramping stopped just as fast as it had begun. She could still feel the
tube running WAY up into her tummy, but the terrible need to shit has stopped.

 Ashley was totally exhausted. She was gasping for breath, her tummy heaving up
and down. She began to weep in total embarrassment and shame. The tears were
streaming down her beautiful, young face.

 Ashley took a silent vow to never, ever grunt again!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The enema tube has now penetrated Ashley's anal canal and
intestines to a depth of seventeen feet four inches. We are now ready to insert
the second section of the enema nozzle. It is one-half inch in diameter and has
a length of twenty inches."

 "The screens and the observers eyes will focus back and forth on Ashley's anus
and face during this phase of the insertion. The insertion of the second section
will not take long."

 Ashley was whimpering in fear and dread. Her eyes were not on the next section
of enema nozzle, but on the last section, the GIGANTIC base!!!!!

 The last words of the creature were echoing through her mind. "The insertion of
the second section will not tale long."

 Suddenly her eyes were forced to the screen and a closeup of her red rimmed
asshole. She knew all her friends eyes were focused on her asshole, also. She
could see about an inch of the first section hanging out of her ass where it was
connected to the second section.



 The creatures hand came into view on the screen as he began to push the enema
nozzle further up inside her body. As the second section was just about to make
contact with her asshole, the creature reached up and pulled down a small hose
from a swinging arm. He placed the end of the hose near the end of the second
section and a shiny, clear lubricant came out. He then, squirted the lubricant
down the first six inches of the second section.

 Ashley steeled herself for the entry of the larger tube into her asshole as she
saw it getting closer and closer. When the tube made contact with her asshole
she felt a little pressure then a sharp pain that made her suck in a quick
breath of air. Then the tube was inside her.

 As the creature pushed more and more of the tube into her ass, she felt the
larger tube start to make the turns the smaller tube had made earlier. The
cramping was worse than the little one had been and it was all she could do to
fight the urge to start grunting again. At the same time she was also feeling
the smaller tube going deeper and deeper into her tummy. Her entire abdomen felt
stuffed and violated!!!

 Before she knew it, what Ashley had been dreading since the first time she
heard twenty-two inches in length and four inches in diameter was upon her!!!

 Tears flowed down her terrified face, as she saw the creature reach up, grab
the HUMONGOUS base nozzle and connect it to the end of the second section about
six inches from her asshole.

 The creature began to speak. "The first two sections of the enema nozzle have
been successfully inserted into Ashley's anal canal and intestines to a depth of
eighteen feet four inches. We are now ready to insert the last section of the
nozzle, the non-flexible base section."

 Ashley's body was trembling all over and she was whimpering in fear. "God!!! I
have over eighteen feet of tubes inside me and he is going to shove another
twenty-two inches of the hard, unbending, GIANT one into me!!!! God, that's
almost TWO FEET!!!! Someone please HELP ME!!! I can't take any more!!!! This is
just too revolting and NAAAAAASSSSSSSTY!!!!!" her mind screamed out.

 The creature continued. "This part of the nozzle insertion process will be the
most difficult for the young female subject, by far. Remember that the base
section is twenty-two inches long and varies in diameter from two inches at the
insertion point to four inches at the base."

 "Ashley's anal ring will have to stretch to a total of four and one- half
inches in diameter in order to encircle the large base and the three, one
quarter inch ribs that are one inch apart along the base."

 "As we have determined, her anal ring is capable of stretching from three to
four inches before tearing occurs. If the anal ring is torn, it will be healed
immediately, but the pain will be excruciating to say the least."

 "There will also be the extreme discomfort of the straightening of the anal
canal, rectum, and sigmoid colon to line up with the desending colon which will
be penetrated to a depth of two inches by the twenty-two inch long, non-flexible
base section."

 Ashley was shaking so much her teeth were chattering, as she cried and
whimpered hysterically.

 God!! Why me!!! Why me!!!! Why me!!!! kept running through her terrified mind.

 She had no doubt that the monster was going to shove the giant base all the way
to the hilt up her young tender asshole!!!!! All twenty-two inches would be deep
inside her tummy, no matter what. Even if it ripped her apart!!!!!

 The creature continued. "The subject will be given choices during this phase of
the insertion that can ease her pain tremendously or make it even worse. Her
hands and arms will be freed for this stage of the insertion although her head
will still be held up in order for her to have an optimum view of the
procedure."



 "The reason for the freeing of the arms is so that she will be able to choose
to help with the insertion of the base nozzle if she wishes. In order for her to
minimize the pain of the procedure she will need to actually want the full
twenty-two inches of the base inside her, very badly. In order for Ashley to
minimize the pain, she will have to embrace the pain, want the pain, need the
pain."

 "To lessen the pain of the stretching of her anal ring, she will need to push
out as hard as she can and grunt with all her might. She will not be aided by
involuntary grunting and pushing during this phase."

 "In order to grunt and push as hard as she can, she will have to want to grunt
and push as hard as she can in order to help with the full insertion of the
twenty-two inch base into her anal canal and colon. In order for her to want to
help with the full insertion of the base, she will have to want the base fully
inserted."

 "Her hands will be free in case she chooses to help the insertion by helping to
push the base inside her, helping to guide the base inside her, or for
masturbation purposes. She will not be able to push the base outward, only
deeper."

 "Ashley will need to become sexually aroused during the process in order to
embrace the pain. Without lust for pain, pain is just pain, and much more
excruciating."

 "We will be still be monitoring the minds of the subject and all of the
observers during this process. If Ashley decides to help with the insertion, and
that she really wants the full base inside of her. We will allow her to tell
you."

 "The young, female subject, Ashley, will now be give two minutes to prepare her
mind for the full insertion of the twenty-two inch base into her rectal and
colon canals."

 As Ashley's hands and arms were released she was trying to think about what the
creature had just said. It was hard to think because she was so terrified!

 Maybe she could push just hard enough to help ease the pain. Could she possibly
make herself WANT the giant base inside her asshole? All twenty-two inches of
it? She had promised herself she would never grunt out loud again!

 God!!! What about her friends watching her? Could she turn into a wanton slut
in front of them? A BITCH in heat!!!!

 She started to cry again and tried to stifle the sobs as much as she could. She
HAD to be tough for this if she was going to survive it without dying or going
insane from the pain!!!

 The creature spoke. " The full insertion of the twenty-two inch base of the
enema nozzle into Ashley's anal canal and colon canals will now begin."

 Ashley's eyes were suddenly forced to the giant TV screen. Her pussy and
asshole were spread so wide, almost as if she were inviting the creature to cram
the giant nozzle inside of her.

 Suddenly she noticed for the first time that her vagina was sopping wet with
her juices!!! How could that be? What must her friends be thinking? Maybe the
insertion of the tube so far had caused it involuntarily? Maybe her fear was
causing it? Surely she wasn't turned on. She was too terrified and
embarrassed!!!!

 Embarrassment for what her friends were seeing washed over her, and her ivory
skin once again turned bright red.

 She saw the creature reach up again and grab the lubrication hose. He squirted
a lot of it all over the last six inches of the second section and the two inch
diameter part of the base nozzle.

 "Maybe I can take the two inch diameter part without too much pain if I help by
just pushing a little without actually grunting out loud." Ashley thought.

 Ashley's eyes were forced to the screen again as she saw and felt the creature
begin to push the last six inches of the second section into her tender, red
asshole.



 As she felt the tube sliding against the walls of her intestines, all eighteen
feet of it, she felt a slight urge to shit, to grunt. "Maybe that will help me
to grunt a little." she thought.

 Ashley watched as the creature pushed the nozzle until the two inch diameter
base made contact with her asshole. Then she pushed a little, but not out loud
so that her friends would not know she was trying to help.

 The pressure began to build on her asshole. As it became more painful she tried
to silently push a little harder. It didn't seem to help much. The pain was
getting worse and worse!!!!

 Suddenly, bright hot pain shot through Ashley's tortured asshole and the first
inch of the two inch diameter base nozzle plunged into her anal canal.

 Ashley let out an ear shattering scream as the pain shot through her young,
tender asshole. "Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!." The pain
was almost more than she could possibly bear and she had been trying to help!!!!

 Ashley's eyes were forced to the screen again as the creature started to push
the first two and one-half inch diameter rib into her ass. Humiliation and
embarrassment flooded all her senses.

 Her butt hole was stretched around the nozzle like a big, bright red, rubber
band. The lubrication made it look as if pussy juice was running out of it. To
make it even worse, the pussy juice WAS flowing out of her vagina!!!! Maybe it
was normal when things were being shoved up your butt hole? Her mind was
screaming the one word. "NASTY, NASTY, NASTY!!!!!!"

 The creature spoke. "Note: The subject, Shawn, ejaculated two seconds after the
first inch of the base nozzle was inserted into the female subject's rectum."

 "The subject, Ben has a full erection and is near ejaculation."

 "The subject, Stacie's vagina is excreting an enormous amount of fluid and her
clitoris is totally engorged."

 "Ashley is thinking of her embarrassment and humility. She is worried about
what her friends are thinking about her vaginal fluids flowing so freely, and if
they think she is aroused. She thinks she looks very nasty.  She is trying to
help with the insertion by silently grunting, but as I said earlier that will
not lessen the intense, excruciating pain."

 "The subject has not used her freed hands to help in the process. She has not
tried masturbation or to help with the insertion. Ashley has not chosen to want
the full twenty-two inches of the nozzle inside her anal canal at this point."

 Ashley tried to think about what the creature had just said. She was so
humiliated and frightened that thinking was very hard to do.

 As the pain was building under the force being applied to her tender asshole by
the first rib, she realized that she was going to have to grunt in order to make
her asshole open easier.

 God, the embarrassment, shame, and humiliation were almost unbearable. She was
gonna have to help this monster stick the giant nozzle up her ass!

 Ashley gritted her teeth and began to grunt. A low guttural sound came from her
lips as she saw her asshole curl outward a little on the giant screen.

 She immediately felt an enormous pressure around the rim of her asshole as it
stretched itself around the two inch diameter nozzle. As she saw her tender
asshole stretched around the two inch tip of the nozzle on the giant screen the
camera backed out just enough that she could see the whole nozzle in a close-up.

 God! Her asshole was stretched so wide!

 She gasped as her eyes ran down the whole length of the nozzle and she realized
it was TWICE as wide at the base! Her tender asshole was gonna have to stretch 
twice as much as it was now!



 To make matters even worse, the circles were not just painted on, they were
raised ribs that had an even larger diameter than the nozzle. They seemed to be
about a quarter of an inch raised from the nozzle which would add, God!!!!!, a
half inch in diameter!!!!!

 Ashley watched the giant screen in terror as the creature began to push on the
nozzle again. She felt the pressure and pain building in her rectum as the first
rib pushed even harder against her asshole. As she realized the pain was
becoming almost unbearable again, she remember to grunt and let out an even
louder guttural grunt between her teeth.

 She watched the screen in awe and embarrassment as the first ring disappeared
inside her asshole!

 The creature continued pushing and the pain began to build again.

 Ashley realized that he wasn't going to pause between each circle as she saw
and felt the next one straining against her tender asshole. She realized she was
going to have to grunt almost constantly until the whole twenty-two inches was
up inside her rectum!

 God! What must her friends be thinking of her? Watching her floating in front
of them no more than two feet away. Her legs were spread so wide, her pussy lips
spread by clamps, her pee-hole spread wide open, the juices flowing out of her
pussy,  her asshole spread wide open, clips on her nipples, and her grunting
like a pig to help the monster shove a giant enema nozzle up inside her rectum!

 The shame and degradation washed over her and she shivered with the disgust of
it all.

 Ashley had no choice. It was terrible pain, or grunt and just bad pain. She
began a steady grunt. A low pitched, constant moaning, guttural sound coming
from her beautiful lips.

 As she watched herself help the monster push the third ring of the nozzle past
her wide stretched asshole on the screen, Ashley began to feel another very
uncomfortable pressure. Pressure of the deepness. The nozzle was now almost four
inches deep inside her. She was feeling pressure on the walls of her rectum and
the pressure of the non-flexible nozzle.

 "God!!!", Ashley thought. "That thing is only four inches inside me and it's
already too deep! Oh, my God!!! It's gonna go over FIVE  times that deep inside
me!!! Pleassssseeeeeee, SOMEONE HELP ME!!!!"

 The creature spoke. "The two inch diameter section of the nozzle has now
penetrated almost four inches into Ashley's anal canal. As you can see the three
inch diameter section begins at the next rib. This means that her anal ring will
need to stretch to a diameter of three and one-half inches in order to accept
the next section into her anal canal."

 "Since she has not chosen to want the full nozzle inside her anal canal or to
embrace the pain and become aroused, this phase of the insertion will be
extremely painful. There is a great possibility that her anal ring will tear and
the straightening of her anal canal will be excruciating."

 Ashley's whole body turned a bright red with humiliation and embarrassment as
she thought about what the creature had told her and her friends. That in effect
she had to turn in to a wanton slut and grunt like a sow hog in heat in order to
keep from being split wide open and feel the terrible pain of the straightening
out of her insides!!!! God!!! How could she do that, especially in front of her
friends. It sounded like the creature was saying she almost had to enjoy him
shoving the giant nozzle up her in order to lessen the terrible pain!!!!

 She needed time to think, time to psych herself up some if she was even gonna
try to want that thing inside her ass!!!



 The creature read her mind again. "Ashley has requested a few minutes to try
and work out her thoughts and feelings to decide whither she really wants the
full length and girth of the nozzle to be pushed into her anal canals."

 "She will be given the two minutes to contemplate how badly she wants her
rectum filled with the nozzle. At the end of the two minutes, she will be
allowed to say one of two phrases and we will continue with the full insertion.
The phrases are: "Yes, I want you to push the nozzle all the way inside my anus,
please." and "No, I don't want you to push the nozzle all the way inside my
anus."

 "Note: In order for her to feel as little pain as possible, she actually has to
believe that she wants the full nozzle deep inside of her anal canal and also
believe that she really wants her anus ring to stretch around the full four and
one-half inch diameter of the base of the nozzle. Even if she chooses to really
want the nozzle completely inside of her she will feel pain. She has to want
that pain. The alternative is to feel the full, excruciating pain that comes
with the unwanted stretching and tearing."

 "The subject's hands are released for the full insertion of the nozzle. This is
being done to allow her to masturbate during the insertion and to help push and
guide the nozzle deep into her anal canals if she so chooses."

 "If she says the "No" phrase, she will definitely feel the pain to it's
fullest. Even if she is lying when she says no, she will not believe enough, in
her own mind, that she wants it. Only total abandon and want, will ease the
pain."

 "The young female subject, Ashley, has two minutes before insertion resumes."

 Ashley was trying to think, but it was almost impossible!

 The creature was right. She had been planning on saying no and trying to make
her self want it still, but if she said no, her heart just wouldn't be totally
into it.

 How could she make herself want it? Need it inside her? It was so nasty to want
it! So perverted to want it!!!!

 Ashley tried to steel her mind and get tough. Her friends all watching her was
what made this so terrible, so humiliating! She would maybe even have to want
them to watch her if she was going to try and want it. Her body flushed red
again with embarrassment as the thought of that registered.

 How could she just turn into a wanton, slut, whore? How could she masturbate
for real and grunt and push like a pig in heat at the same time?

 She had no choice. The thought of the terrible pain of her asshole and insides
ripping and tearing was just too much!!!

 She looked into the faces of her friends one at a time. She saw lust and pity
in the eyes of the boys, but when she got to Stacie she saw something else.

 What was it? Ahhhhhh!!!! Determination!!!!!! Stacie was trying to tell her to
be strong, go for it, want it, make it as easy on yourself as possible!!!!

 Ashley flushed scarlet red with embarrassment again as she timidly moved her
left hand down to her vagina and began to lightly stroke her totally exposed
clit with her middle finger.

 The look in Stacie's eyes turned to approval and Ashley tried to give Stacie a
look of strength.

 As her clit began to engorge and throb from the rubbing her mind began to
scream again.

 "Want it!!!! Need it!!!! Enjoy it!!!! I am a pig in heat!!!!

 She used the giant screen to look at the nozzle. Already four inches deep
inside her. Her tender asshole was gripping the shaft like a vise. Her anal ring
was a bright, red, thick, rubber-band surrounding the shaft.



 Ashley started a mild grunt to ease the pressure on her anal ring and saw the
rubber-band on the screen visibly relax a little.

 She looked into Stacie's eyes again as she began to grunt a little harder,
making a low guttural moaning sound. The look in Stacie's eyes was approval and
maybe even lust!!!!

 Maybe she could make herself want Stacie to watch her knowing Stacie was
getting turned on!!!

 The creature spoke. "The two minutes have passed. Speak!"

 Ashley flushed with embarrassment. "Yes, I want you to push the nozzle all the
way inside me, please."

 Ashley turned her eyes back to the big screen so she could observe the
progression of the full insertion. She needed to see it well in order to assist
in the filling of her anal canals with twenty-two inches of a stiff nozzle that
was four and a half inches across at the base.

 She shuddered as she realized the last four inches of the nozzle were thicker
than a very big man's balled up fist!

 The throbbing in her clit was becoming stronger as she increased the pressure
with her finger.

 She saw and felt the creature begin to push the next ring into her rectum and
began to grunt hard!

 The low key guttural moan became a little stronger and louder.

 This ring led to the three inch diameter portion on the shaft of the nozzle so
it had to be at least three and a half inches in diameter!!!!

 Ashley saw and felt her asshole begin to give and stretch as the fourth ring,
three and a half inches in diameter,  pushed on her tender asshole.

 She kept telling herself, "I WANT IT!!! I WANT IT!!! I WANT IT!!!

 Ashley stuck her tongue out as far as she could and bit down as she reached
down with her idle right hand and grabbed the shaft of the nozzle just above
where the creatures hand was. She was watching the screen intently.

 She began a low guttural grunt from deep within her bowels. As she kept her
eyes glued to her asshole ring stretched to the tearing point around the two
inch section on the giant screen,  she grunted harder and harder. The sound of
her grunt got deeper and deeper and lower and lower. Her face was beet red from
the pressure.

 Suddenly she saw her bright red anal ring push outward a little and relax a
little. She began to push on the nozzle as hard as she could and applied even
more force to her clit with her finger at the same time. Her clit was throbbing
like a jackhammer!

 The pressure was building quickly on her tender asshole but she pushed harder
and harder and grunted harder and harder.

 Finally she looked at the creature and screamed, "PUSH, PUSH, PUSH!!!!!", in
her mind.

 The creature immediately started to help her push on the giant nozzle.

 Ashley grunted again, and started pumping her pussy even faster.

 Plop!!! The nozzle slammed inside her ass canal with an audible sound as the
three and a quarter inch diameter rib disappeared inside her, stretching her ass
ring very close to the tearing point. The pain shot through Ashley like a
bullet, she even felt it in her clit!!!!

 It was enormous pain, but she could take it, HAD TAKEN IT, and she was PROUD of
herself!!!

 She slowed down the speed of her finger on her clit as she realized she was
about to come!!!!

 She looked at the screen. Her asshole was enormous!!!! She was totally amazed
that it was not torn apart!!! Her ass ring was a very thin, red rubber band,
stretched tight as a drum around the three inch diameter shaft.



 Ashley flushed with embarrassment and shame as she focused on her finger still
stroking her engorged clit. Her pussy juice was literally flowing out of her
gaping red lips and running down  to her asshole and even onto the nozzle! She
had never been so WET!!!!!

 Ashley started another long grunt and began to push hard. She pumped her
swollen pussy even harder then began to push on the nozzle again. She felt the
giant pressure of the next ring against her tender asshole and WHAM!!!! the next
ring was inside her. God!!! She had shoved it in all by herself!!!!! The shame
and embarrassment flushed her skin red as she began to grunt again.

 She had to ease up on her pussy because she was about to come again!!!

 As her grunt built in volume to fill the whole giant room, she pushed as hard
as she could again and PLOP!!! the next ring slammed up her asshole!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley has successfully accepted the three inch diameter
section of the base into her anus. The base is now a total of seven and one-half
inches into her rectum. She has chosen to want the full length of the twenty-two
inch base inside her anal canals."

 "Note: The subject, Ben ejaculated four seconds after the insertion of the
three inch diameter portion into Ashley's anal canal."

 "The subject, Shawn has another full erection."

 "The subject, Stacie achieved an orgasm thirty-seven seconds after the
insertion of the three inch diameter nozzle into Ashley's anal canal."

 "Ashley's clitoris was totally engorged from her masturbation at the time of
insertion, but she slowed down the manipulation of her clitoris at the brink of
orgasm and chose to prolong the pleasure of this phase."

 "Oh my God!!!!", Ashley thought. "Stacie came? Should I be repulsed? She is my
dearest friend.

 So beautiful!! So Sweet!!! She helped me get through that last part. I couldn't
have done it without her. I really can't blame her if I can't blame myself? I
was grunting like a pig in heat!!! Pumping my pussy like a WANTON SLUT!!!!
Helping to shove a giant nozzle up my ass, AND WANTING IT!!!! Ashley, the young
BITCH IN HEAT!!!! GOD!!!!

 Suddenly, Ashley's eyes were forced to Stacie's eyes. Stacie's face was red
with shame, tears running down her face. "Poor Stacie!!!!!"

 Ashley tried to send Stacie a look of love and gratitude, and then tried her
hardest to show her dear friend a smile. She thought she saw Stacie trying to
smile back through the tears.

 The creature continued. "We will pause for five minutes before the insertion of
the three and one-half inch diameter by ten inches in length section of the
nozzle. This will allow Ashley's anal ring to relax a bit."

 "We will also be introducing the young female subject, Stacie to a more active
roll in the testing during this time."

 "Oh God, Nooooooo!!!!" Ashley thought. "Not Stacie!!!! She can't take this!!!
She's not as developed as I am!!! So small!!! So beautiful!!!"

 "The creature continued. Note: The female subject, Stacy, unlike Ashley, she
has just begun puberty. She has been menstruating for four months seventeen
days. She completed her last menstruation eleven days ago."

 "She has long, light blond hair and fair skin. She has no visible blemishes.
She is four feet nine inches in height and weighs eighty-four pounds. Her
measurements are: twenty-eight inches at the chest, twenty one inches at the
waist, and thirty inches at the hips."



 "She would wear a double A size brazier but does not wear one. Her breasts are
early pubescent although her nipples are quite mature. Stacie has not developed
pubic hair yet. She would be termed a late bloomer on earth. Her vagina is
semi-mature and bright pink in color.  Her clitoris is one quarter inch by one
quarter inch when fully engorged. Her anal ring is also bright pink."

 "Her vagina can be stretched to encase an object two inches in diameter before
tearing occurs. It can accept a penetration of seven inches before damage to the
cervix occurs. Her anal ring can be stretched to encase an object two to three
inches in diameter before tearing occurs. The total length of her anal and
intestinal canals is nineteen feet two inches."

 "Her hymen was broken by the handle of a self administered hair brush at the
age of nine. She has never had sexual intercourse. Only five males have ever
seen her nude. They are her father, two brothers, and doctors."

 "She began masturbating at the age of nine and currently masturbates ten to
fourteen times per week."

 "She has bisexual tendencies and is in love with Ashley."

 Suddenly Ashley's eyes were forced to Stacie's eyes.

 Shame and humiliation were exploding out of Stacie. Her face and neck were
flushed red and she was sobbing uncontrollably.

 "Oh dear God, help her", Ashley thought. "She is so fragile, so small!!! She
can't take this!!!

 Ashley tried to give Stacie a look of love and determination. She was trying to
let her know it was ok. She didn't hate her because she was bisexual.

 God, Stacie was in love with her!

 Ashley had admired other female's bodies. She enjoyed looking at beautiful
girls naked, especially Stacie's underdeveloped, beautiful body. But, she had
never actually thought about having sex with her. That was wrong, wasn't it?

 The creature continued. "Stacie will now completely disrobe."

 Ashley's and the guys eyes were forced to look at Stacie's body as she slowly
did an animated strip tease.

 Ashley realized she was still lightly stroking her clit!!! She started to stop
and then realized that she MUST keep her arousement up in order to take the rest
of the giant nozzle up her ass!!!

 Stacie was now standing before them all in just her panties, shivering and
crying.

 "God!", Ashley thought. "She is so beautiful!!"

 Ashley's eyes were being forced to look at Stacie's breasts.

 They were so small! They were just beginning to bud. Although her breasts were
almost flat her nipples were very large. They were bright pink and the cool room
had also made them rock hard. They were so pretty!

 Ashley flushed with embarrassment as she realized she had begun to stroke her
clit harder.

 Stacie was now wailing as she reached to remove her panties.

 "Oh no!", Stacie thought. "She is so self conscious about not having pubic hair
yet! She didn't even want to pee in front of me at first!!! God, she must be
sooooooooo  humiliated!!!"

 Stacie stepped out of her panties, still crying, as a creature picked them up
and took them away.

 Ashley watched as she began to spread her legs into the same position they had
put her in at first.

 She was so beautiful! Her vagina was a bright pink. The lips were not as big as
Ashley's but they were pronounced. Her little, hairless pussy mound began to
rise in the air until it was almost eye level to Ashley and the guys and Ashley
realized she could see her pretty little clit!

 Ashley shivered with shame as she realized she was pumping her pussy even
harder and getting even more aroused. But..................... Was that bad!!!!



 Ashley needed to be aroused! Had to be aroused!! If she wasn't aroused when
they started shoving the nozzle up her ass again, she would split wide open!!!

 To Ashley's and Stacie's surprise, instead of moving Stacie to a spread open
position like Ashley was in (to get her ready for a nozzle), they put her back
on the floor in a normal standing position.

 Relief washed over Ashley and she could tell Stacie was relieved too, as
Stacie's crying turned to low sobs.

 The creature began to speak. "We will now continue with the full insertion of
the twenty-two inch base nozzle into Ashley's anal and colon canals."

 "Note: As Ashley witnessed the stripping and spreading of Stacie, she began to
stroke her clitoris harder and became more aroused. This choice could possibly
aid her in continuing the insertion of the nozzle base."

 "Stacie will be assisting us with the completion of the insertion of the
twenty-two inch nozzle base into Ashley's anal canals."

 "The next phase is the full insertion of the ten inches in length three and
one-half inch diameter section of the nozzle. Remember that Ashley's anal ring
can could easily be torn during this phase. If it rips or tears, we will see the
tearing and the healing. There will not be much blood loss if any at all."

 "This phase will also straighten her two colonic loops. The straightening of
the loops is an extremely painful part of this phase, as the non-flexible nozzle
will be inserted into Ashley's anus to a depth of eighteen inches."

 "Stacie will take my place during this phase. She will help Ashley push the
nozzle into her canals and straighten the loops. She will also be allowed to
massage Ashley's abdomen as the loops are straightened if she so chooses. Ashley
will not be allowed to massage her abdomen or lubricate the nozzle. She will use
her hands only for masturbating and helping Stacie push the nozzle inside her.
She will be allowed to place Stacie's hand where she feels the end of the nozzle
might be. This would help ease Ashley's pain somewhat."

 "Stacie will also be allowed to massage Ashley's anal ring if she chooses. This
would aid in the passing of the ribs into Ashley's rectum."

 "The lubrication hose will not be available to Stacie during this stage. If she
wishes to lubricate the nozzle for Ashley, she will need to use the fluids from
Ashley's vagina. As you can see, there is an abundance of this fluid available
to Stacie in and around Ashley's vaginal area. These fluids are produced by the
female vagina during extreme arousal for the purpose of lubrication, so they
would serve very well for this process."

 "Stacie and Ashley will be given ten minutes to complete this stage of the
process. If this stage is not complete at the end of the ten minutes, I will
apply electrical shock and stretching to Ashley's breasts and nipples for one
minute. I will also complete the full insertion of the three and one-half  inch
diameter section along with the straightening of the loops within that one
minute."

 "The ten minutes will start, now."

 Ashley watched as Stacie silently moved into the spot normally occupied by the
creature. Ashley's body was then lowered until her pussy and asshole were at the
level of Stacie's beautiful little breasts.

 God, Ashley wished they could talk to each other. She knew they had no choice
if she was going to survive this. The thought of her tender breasts and nipples
being shocked and stretched and the nozzle shoved up her butt at the same time
was terrifying. They just couldn't let that happen!!!



 To her amazement she was still aroused. Her finger was still pumping her pussy
to try and keep the want and need of the nozzle as high as she could.

 The thought of poor Stacie pushing the nozzle up her ass and touching her
asshole and pussy made her shiver in shame and humiliation but the alternative
was just totally unacceptable!!!

 Stacie looked so scared and small standing naked between Ashley's legs. And so
beautiful at the same time!!!

 Ashley mustered up all the determination she could find and looked Stacie in
the eyes. Then she thought, "Do it, dear friend! Do it now!" Then she nodded at
Stacie and tried to show her a smile.

 While still looking into Stacie's eyes, Ashley started pumping her already
dripping pussy even harder and let out a low moan. Stacie gave Ashley a look of
understanding and determination and nodded. Then she placed a shaking hand on
Ashley's tummy and got a grip on the nozzle.

 Ashley reached down and moved Stacie's hand to the spot on her tummy where she
felt the end of the nozzle was.

 Stacie began to knead Ashley's tummy where the end of the nozzle was and
started applying pressure on the nozzle.

 Ashley pumped her swollen pussy clit even harder, clamped her tongue between
her teeth, and started a hard grunt. She knew they were all hearing the low key
guttural grunting sounds coming from her, but she just couldn't help it!!!

 As Ashley felt the pressure of the next rib building against her wide stretched
anal ring she realized the lubrication was almost all gone. She looked at
Stacie, then at her pussy, and nodded.

 Ashley watched as Stacie moved a shaking hand toward her dripping wet pussy.
Then she took two fingers and dipped them between Ashley's spread open pussy
lips.

 An electric shock went through Ashley's already hot pussy as she felt Stacie's
fingers slide up and down her pussy and a low moan of pleasure escaped her lips.
They both flushed with embarrassment but Stacie continued until her fingers were
dripping with Ashley's pussy juice.

 Then Stacie began to rub the slick juice around the nozzle near Ashley's ass
ring. To Ashley's surprise she then began to rub some around the nozzle on her
tender ass ring, using her thumb to push inward and circle the nozzle. Ashley
moaned with pleasure again!!!

 Stacie moved her hand back around the nozzle and looked into Ashley's eyes,
waiting for her to nod when she was ready for her to push.

 Ashley began a hard grunt, started to pound her pussy harder, and nodded at
Stacie.

 The creature spoke. " Eight minutes."

 Stacie began to knead deeply into Ashley's tummy and started pushing.

 Ashley felt the pressure of the rib building on her ass ring again and also
felt pressure inside her where the loop began. She grunted even harder, her face
burning red, and reached down to help Stacie push on the nozzle. She wanted the
DAM THING IN HER NOW!!!!

 Plop!!! The ring disappeared into Ashley's asshole with a sucking sound.

 Ashley felt some pain in her ass ring but more in her tummy under Stacie's
kneading hand as her bowel tube moved to accommodate the hard nozzle. She let
out a sharp cry which startled Stacie, but immediately began to pound her pussy
again.

 Although Ashley wanted the nozzle all the way up her, she was scared! She still
questioned if it was possible to straighten out two almost one hundred and
eighty degree anal canal loops inside her tummy without tearing something loose
inside her!!!

 The creature spoke. "Six minutes."



 Ashley moved the hand Stacie had on her tummy down and to the right of where
the end of the nozzle was now resting. Then she motioned that Stacie should need
upward toward the end of the nozzle. That was where the loop was, not at the end
of the nozzle but way down to the right of the end. Maybe Stacie could help the
tube move upwards toward the end of the nozzle. They had to hurry! They had
seven minutes and nine inches left.

 Stacie nodded in understanding, then reached up and dipped her fingers into
Ashley's open pussy again.

 Ashley looked at the closeup of her asshole on the giant screen. God!!! Her
asshole was stretched so BIG!!! THREE AND A HALF INCHES BIG!!!!

 Ashley moaned with pleasure again and began pumping her pussy even faster.

 Stacie didn't bother with lubricating the shaft this time. She began rubbing
the pussy juice into Ashley's wide stretched ass ring all around the nozzle.
This seemed to actually stretch Ashley's ass ring a little more, which was good.

 Ashley moaned in ecstacy and began to grunt as Stacie moved her hand back to
the nozzle.

 Stacie started to knead deep into Ashley's tummy and push upwards, then began
to push on the nozzle. Ashley didn't even have to help her this time. The next
ring passed her ass ring much easier and slid in with a pop.

 The pain was bad as she felt her anal canal loop move upwards to encase the
nozzle and it made Ashley suck in her breath real fast, but it wasn't as bad as
last time.

 The creature spoke. "Four minutes."

 "God!!!", Ashley thought. "Four minutes left and EIGHT INCHES left!!! We are
gonna have to hurry!!! We are gonna have to do four rings at a time in order to
make it!!!

 Ashley looked up at Stacie, held up four fingers, then pointed at the nozzle.
She saw a scared look in Stacie's eyes as she nodded her understanding.

 Stacie quickly dipped her fingers into Ashley's sopping wet pussy and coated
the next four inches of the nozzle with the juice. Then she dipped them in
Ashley's pussy again and rubbed the slick juices all around her anal ring.

 Ashley started a super hard grunt as Stacie began to knead deeply, down and to
the right of the end of the nozzle. The sound of Ashley's guttural grunt was so
loud it startled Stacie.

 Ashley began to stroke her throbbing clit and reached down with the other hand
to help Stacie push the nozzle into her gaping asshole. They both began to push
hard!!!!

 Plop!!............................Plop!!...........................Plop!!!!!...
...............................Plop!!!!

 The next four inches and four ribs of the three and a half inch diameter nozzle
slammed up Ashley's rectum. At the same time, she felt four more inches of her
rectal loop pull upwards and in line with the nozzle.

 The pain of four inches of the loop moving upwards along with the shock of four
more inches of the nozzle slamming up into her ass canal and her asshole
slamming open and shut as the four ribs popped into her, took Ashley's breath
away for a good twenty seconds. She was pumping her pussy so hard she was almost
hurting it!!! She now had fourteen inches of the hard nozzle embedded in her
young, beautiful asshole.

 Stacie had a look of concern on her face and she kept needing Ashley's tummy to
the right of the nozzle.

 The kneading was really helping to ease Ashley's pain!!! It was amazing that
they were moving an internal organ inside her without tearing her apart!!!! Her
ass felt totally stuffed with fourteen inches of the gigantic nozzle shoved up
her butt, but Ashley wanted more!!!! She had to!!!!! She was trying her hardest
to be a wanton, pig grunting, BITCH IN HEAT!!!!



 The creature spoke. "Two minutes."

 God! They had to hurry!!!

 Ashley looked into Stacie's eyes with love and thanks, and nodded.

 Stacie reached up and dipped her fingers between Ashley's hot, throbbing, pussy
lips again, then coated the last four inches of the three and one-half inch
diameter section with the pussy juice. Then she reached up again and coated
Ashley's throbbing ass ring with more.

 Ashley looked into Stacie's beautiful eyes and began her pig like grunting as
Stacie began to knead her tummy again. As she reached down to help Stacie push
on the nozzle Ashley began to pump her pussy so hard it really did hurt!

 Ashley felt tremendous pressure inside her tummy where Stacie's hand was. They
were both pushing hard but the nozzle wasn't moving. They both realized it
wasn't Ashley's asshole that was keeping it from going in, but the colon tube
didn't want to move in line with the nozzle!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty Seconds."

 Ashley was about to panic when she felt Stacie's hand start kneading deeper and
harder on her tummy. Stacie was actually hurting her! She was pushing and
digging as hard as she could in the spot where the loop was stuck.

 Ashley began to push on the nozzle as hard as she could! She saw Stacie's face
scrunch up getting ready to shove on the nozzle as hard as she could too!

 Ashley was grunting so hard she thought her eyeballs were gonna pop out!!!

 Plop!!!!!!!!......................................Plop!!!!!!!!!!!!!............
.......Plop!!!!!!!!!

 The pain shot through Ashley like a lighting bolt as the last four inches of
the three and one-half inch diameter section slammed into her rectum and the
beginning of the GIANT four inch diameter section slammed into her tender ass
ring!!!!!

 A long, bone chilling wail exploded from Ashley's beautiful lips as the pain of
her colon loop moving so fast and so far almost made her pass out.

 The creature spoke. "The three and one-half  inch diameter section of the base
nozzle has been fully inserted into Ashley's anal canal. No damage was caused to
her internally."

 Ashley and Stacie both sighed in relief as they heard the creatures words.

 Ashley was just now getting her breath back and the pain was subsiding some due
to Stacie's loving kneading of her tummy.

 Stacie had tears running down her face and was shaking like a leaf. Ashley knew
she had been  afraid they had damaged her insides really bad because she had
been too!

 Ashley looked into Stacie's sweet, beautiful eyes with a look of love and
thanks. She knew she would have never gotten this far without her!!! Her ass and
tummy felt so stuffed. She never would have believed she could take so much up
her asshole and be made to want even more!!!

 The pressure of the hard nozzle up her ass was constant, causing a feeling of
being filled up to the maximum. Her insides throbbed with pressure with every
beat of her heart.

 Ashley began to lightly diddle her clit again while still staring into Stacie's
eyes. She had to be ready for the next part!

 The creature continued. "Ashley now has eighteen inches of the twenty-two inch,
non-flexible base nozzle penetrating her anal canal, and sigmoid colon. The
moving and straightening of her two rectal loops has been completed."

 "The end of the base nozzle now lies in her sigmoid colon. Due to the lifting
and straightening of the two loops, her sigmoid colon now lies at a ninety
degree angle to the right of the end of the base nozzle."



 "The next phase, the insertion of the four inch diameter four inch long base,
will lift and straighten the sigmoid colon and two inches of the desending colon
in line with the nozzle."

 "Ashley now has a total of twenty feet six inches of the enema nozzle inside
her anal canals and intestines."

 "The next phase is the most crucial part of the insertion of the enema nozzle
and the most likely to cause Ashley's anal ring to tear. There is a way Ashley
can greatly lessen the chance of her anus ripping if she so chooses."

 "The rectal canals that have been straightened will stay in a straightened
position for three minutes even if the nozzle is removed. If the full ten inches
of the three and one-half inch diameter base is rapidly pushed and pulled in and
out of Ashley's rectal canal, the rapid passing of the ribs back and forth
through her anal ring will help to stretch and loosen the ring in order to
accept the four inch diameter section of the base with much less chance of
ripping or tearing. Remember the ribs on the base actually make the largest
diameter of the base four and one-half inches"

 "We will allow Stacie to perform this action on Ashley for a time period of ten
minutes before we begin the insertion of the four inch diameter base, if Ashley
and Stacie so choose. If you choose this option, Stacie will use her hand to
stimulate Ashley's vagina for the first seven minutes and her mouth to bring
Ashley to a full orgasm during the last three minutes."

 "Both subjects need to know that this action would greatly reduce the pain
Ashley will feel during the last phase of the enema nozzle insertion and very
possibly prevent the tearing and ripping of her anal ring."

 "I will give Ashley and Stacie one minute to think about this option then allow
them to speak their answer out loud."

  Ashley's mind was racing!! Could she allow Stacie to lick her pussy in front
of the guys? God, could she allow Stacie to lick her pussy in private even? Did
she want the giant nozzle shoved in and out of her asshole real fast for ten
minutes?!!!! Humiliation, embarrassment, and degradation filled her to the very
soul!!!

 The answer was yes!!! YES!!!! She was terrified of the pain the giant nozzle
could cause her if it ripped her asshole, but she WANTED it deep inside her!!!
She HAD become a SLUT, a GRUNTING PIG, a BITCH IN HEAT, and now a LESBIAN!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The two female subjects will answer now."

 Stacie immediately said, "Yes, I would do anything to keep Ashley from harm or
pain!!!!!

 Ashley answered. "Yes, if it's the only way to keep from ripping my asshole
apart!!! And, thank you so much, my sweet, little Stacie!!!!!

 Ashley's eyes were suddenly forced back and forth between Ben's and Shawn's
eyes. She saw arousal and total surprise in both their eyes as she flushed red
with shame and embarrassment.

 "God!!!" her mind screamed. "The guys know I am a PIG!!! a SLUT!!! a
LESBIAN!!!"

 The creature spoke. "The ten minute time period will begin when Stacie has
removed the last ring of the three and one-half  inch diameter section from
Ashley's anal canal. Remember, the total ten inches of the section must be
removed and replaced with each stroke. If Stacie stops the rapid in and out
movement of the nozzle or her manipulation of Ashley's vagina at any time after
the process has begun, she will be choosing the pain of the nipple clamps for
Ashley."

 "Ashley's hands will be locked behind her neck during this process."

 "Proceed."

 Ashley's hand suddenly stopped diddling her pussy and moved up to clasp the
other one behind her head as she looked into Stacie's eyes and saw fear and
love.



 Stacie slowly moved her left hand toward Ashley's bright red, dripping pussy.
She placed two fingers in the gap caused by the spreading of the clamps along
the entire length of Ashley's pussy. Her two fingers were now pressed against
Ashley's pussy from the bottom of her vaginal canal across her spread open pee
hole to her throbbing clit.

 A shock of pure ecstacy ran through Ashley's young, tender pussy and she moaned
in pleasure.

 Stacie began to rub the entire length of Ashley's pussy up and down and Ashley
moaned even louder as she hunched her pussy out even further to meet Stacie's
loving fingers.

 Stacie got a firm grip on the base nozzle and began to pull it out of Ashley's
beautiful red asshole.

 Ashley saw her ass ring start to push outward and felt the pressure of the rib
inside of her trying to come out and began a hard, audible grunt. Her ass ring
pushed outward even more and the first rib popped out of her, her asshole
slamming shut behind it.

 There was a quick flash of pain as her asshole slammed shut on the giant nozzle
but it passed quickly and Ashley grunted again as the next rib started pushing
outward.

 As one rib after another popped out of Ashley's tortured young asshole Stacie
increased the speed and pressure of the fingers stroking her pussy. The pain was
tremendous having the ribs pulled through her asshole so fast, but the pleasure
Stacie's fingers were giving her was helping to counteract the pain.

 As the last rib popped out of her asshole, Ashley had a sudden empty feeling.
Then another flash of extreme pain as her ass ring slammed shut around the three
inch diameter section causing a sharp intake of breath. She almost screamed but
the pain subsided quickly as the throbbing in her clit increased under the
pressure of Stacie's fingers.

 As she felt the pressure of the giant rib start to push against her ass ring to
try and get back in, Ashley noticed the nozzle didn't need any lubrication. It
was totally covered with her pussy juice and anal mucus and the pussy juice was
flowing out of her hot pussy and onto it at all times now.

 Ashley began a super hard, deep grunt. The pressure on her anal ring built
until she felt pain and, Plop!!!, the ring was back inside of her. Plop, Plop,
Plop, Plop, Plop, Plop, Plop, Plop!!!! As Stacie shoved the full ten inches of
nozzle back up inside her, Ashley could feel her butt hole slamming open and
shut real fast. The pain was a lot, but she could take it. She also noticed that
the empty feeling was gone as the last ring plopped back into her, and realized
she had wanted it back inside her again!!

 Stacie was already taking it back out!!!

 As Stacie pushed and pulled, pushed and pulled on the nozzle leaving Ashley
feeling empty, full, empty, full, the friction on the walls of Ashley's rectum
and colon began to build causing her to grunt involuntarily.

 The sounds of Ashley's constant guttural grunting were once again reverberating
around the giant room!!! Her tongue was jutting out from between her teeth and
her face was scarlet red from the pressure of the huge grunts!!!

 In and out, in and out, over and over,
gruuuuuuuuntttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt!!!!!!

 Empty, full, empty, full, gruuuuuuuuunttttttttttttttttttt!!!!!

 Loud, sucking and squishing sounds were now coming from Ashley's asshole as
they filled the room along with her pig grunting. It was as if her asshole was
trying to suck the nozzle back in, trying to fill the empty feeling it left when
it came out!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Five minutes."



 Stacie increased the speed and pressure of her fingers and began pumping
Ashley's beautiful pussy with a fury.

 Ashley could feel her clit throbbing like a jackhammer under Stacie's fingers.
Her eyes were suddenly drawn to the screen. Her body flushed with embarrassment
and shame as she saw the degrading scene taking place.

 Beautiful, naked Stacie, between her legs, rubbing her gushing pussy with a
vengeance, fucking her asshole with the giant nozzle. In and out, in and out!!
Ashley's face was red as a beet, her tongue stuck way out between her clamped
teeth as she grunted like a pig being ass fucked!!!

 Just as the degrading scene on the monitor was about to totally disgust Ashley,
the creature spoke. "Three minutes."

 Ashley saw Stacie leaning forward on the screen and her eyes were forced back
between her legs.

 "Oh God!! Stacie was about to eat her PUSSY!!!!"

 Ashley watched as Stacie's tongue came out from between her beautiful lips and
made contact with her engorged, throbbing clit.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!" she moaned. Stacie's tongue was
like liquid fire on her clit!!!!

 Stacie started to lick her ruby red, throbbing clit up and down and around!!!

 Ashley thought she was going to die from the pure pleasure of it!!!! Her whole
body was one solid fuck machine!! The nozzle slamming in and out, fucking her
tender ass canal. Her asshole sucking on the nozzle like a young calf on a
tit!!!! Stacie's wonderful tongue darting around her throbbing clit!!!! Ashley
felt like she might explode at any minute!!!

 The creature spoke. "One minute."

 Stacie opened her beautiful full lips and took Ashley's pussy into her mouth.
Then she began sucking on the giant throbbing clit!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!" Ashley moaned in ecstacy!!!

 Ashley could hear Stacie's moans of ecstacy also!!!! They were muffled by the
pussy filling her mouth, but still loud!!!!

 Her back arched and every muscle in her body flexed, as Ashley hunched her
burning pussy into Stacie's open mouth, pushing as hard as she could!!!!! She
wanted Stacie to swallow her pussy!!!!

 A low moan started from deep within Ashley, and began to build and build to a
crescendo!!!
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
eeeeee!!!!!!" Ashley exploded into Stacie's beautiful young mouth, her pussy
juice squirting like a faucet, filling Stacie's mouth until she had to swallow,
again, again, and again!!!!!!!

 Ashley's eyes rolled back in her head, she almost stopped breathing. She
definitely would have passed out from the force of her orgasm if the creatures
would have let her.

 Her's and Stacie's eyes were suddenly drawn to the guys eyes. They both flushed
bright red with shame and humiliation as they saw the look of pure lust in both
the boys eyes!!! They had just put on a live porn show, like two whores in a
porno club!!!!!

 Then they were forced to look at each other. Stacie was so beautiful!!! Her
face was flushed. She had Ashley's pussy juice all over her mouth, nose, and
chin. She had a fearful look in her eyes, as if she was afraid that Ashley would
be sickened by what had just happened.

 Ashley gave her a look of pure love, and smiled.

 Stacie saw it for what it was, and tears began to run down her face, but she
managed a smile back.



 The creature spoke. "The final phase of the insertion of the twenty-two inch
base nozzle will begin. Ashley and Stacie will be able to use whatever methods
they feel are necessary in order to insert the last four inches of the four inch
diameter base. Remember, the ribs make the total diameter four and one half
inches. This is the most critical phase of the insertion and the most likely to
tear Ashley's anal ring."

 "They will have ten minutes to complete the full insertion of the enema nozzle.
If the full insertion of the twenty-two inch base, all the way to the stop ring,
is not complete at the end of the ten minutes, I will apply one minute of pain
to Ashley's breasts and nipples and complete the insertion myself."

 "You may begin, now."

 Ashley looked at the close-up of her asshole on the giant screen. Her ass ring
was stretched so tight you could barley see the thin red rim encircling the
nozzle. She had to stretch it a whole inch more in diameter!!!! God, she just
knew it was gonna tear!!!!!!!!

 She looked into Stacie's eyes with love and respect and tried to let her know
to do whatever she needed to in order to keep her asshole from ripping. Then
nodded.

 Stacie looked at her with pure love.

 God!!! She was so beautiful!!!!

 Stacie then gave her a look of confidence and nodded that she understood.

 Stacie leaned over, put her beautiful, soft, mouth over Ashley's vaginal
opening and began to suck hard.

 Ashley moaned with pleasure!!!

 When her mouth was full of Ashley's sweet pussy juice, she spit the fluid into
her cupped hands, splashed it over the giant nozzle base, and rubbed it all
around.

 Then she sucked another mouthful of the sweet juice out of Ashley's throbbing
pussy and ran her tongue around Ashley's anal ring, letting a little of the
sweet juice out at a time.

 When she felt the sensation of Stacie's tongue licking her ass rim, Ashley
thought she might die of pleasure and shame!!!! It was so soothing to her
tortured asshole. It was WONDERFUL!!!!!

 God, she loved Stacie so much for doing this for her!!!!!! She wanted to take
her tongue in her mouth, kiss her until eternity!!!!!

 Stacie repeated the process three more times, trying to sooth Ashley's tortured
asshole with her tongue, but also trying to make it more pliable so that it
would stretch easier.

 Then she leaned over, got another mouthful of pussy juice, spit it in her
hands, and rubbed it all over her fingers.

 She looked up at Ashley with love in her eyes, and nodded that she was ready to
begin.

 Ashley nodded back and started grunting as hard as she could.

 The creature spoke. "Seven minutes."

 Stacie put her palm against the bottom of the giant enema nozzle (the liquid
hose wasn't connected yet) and started pushing.

 Ashley grunted like a pig in heat and started pumping her pussy furiously as
the pressure on her asshole started to build, and build!!!

 The pain was getting worse and worse as the pressure built!!! She finally had
to scream and Stacie backed off on the pressure.

 "Damn it!!!!", Ashley thought. "I want this thing in me!!!!! I need it in
me!!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Five minutes"

 They had to hurry!!!!

 Ashley looked into Stacie's eyes with determination and nodded up and down
furiously. They had to get the dam thing in now!!! Even if it ripped her
asshole!!!



 All of a sudden, Stacie's eyes lit up with an idea and she nodded back.

 Stacie took one of her juice coated fingers and started pushing on Ashley's ass
ring. She looked up at Ashley and gave a grunt.

 Ashley got the signal and started grunting as hard as she could!!!

 Stacie's finger slipped into Ashley's ass alongside the nozzle and all of a
sudden Ashley understood what she was trying to do.

 Ashley reached down with the hand that wasn't pumping her throbbing pussy and
placed it against the bottom of the base and started pushing. Then she started
grunting harder than she ever had before and pounding her pussy almost hard
enough to make it bleed!!!!

 Stacie started inserting the rest of her fingers into Ashley's ass one at a
time

 Ashley felt the pressure of the beautiful little fingers inside her, and LOVED
it!!!

 Soon, Stacie had the four fingers on each hand inside Ashley, and spread out
around the nozzle.

 The creature spoke. "Four minutes"

 Ashley began to push on the nozzle as Stacie guided it between her hands and
fingers. Stacie was pushing against the nozzle inside Ashley with the tips of
her fingers and pushing out against her ass ring with the outside of her
fingers. Slowly, Ashley's ass ring started to stretch open. Wider, then wider,
then wider. Ashley could see about an inch gap between her ass ring around
Stacie's fingers and the nozzle. She began a long hard pig grunt and started
pushing the nozzle as hard as she could!!!

 As the four and one-half inch diameter nozzle ring reached Ashley's ass ring,
Stacie pushed out as far as she could without tearing it
and..................Plop!!!!!! The ring slid into Ashley's rectum, replacing
Stacie's fingers!!!!!

 The pain was baddddddd!!!! Ashley sucked in her breath and started pumping her
pussy even faster as she looked at the screen. God!!!! Her asshole was spread
SOOOOOOO WIDE!!!!! It looked like she was having a baby out of her ass!!!!

 The pressure on the walls of her ass canals, way up into her tummy, was
enormous!!!!

 She looked down at the nozzle and saw NINETEEN INCHES written between the
rings!!!

 She was now grunting constantly and jacking her clit as hard as she could!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Two minutes"

 Ashley looked into Stacie's eyes and nodded. They needed to HURRY!!! Three more
inches and two rings to go!!!!

 Stacie reached up and took Ashley's hand away from her pussy, placed her soft
mouth over Ashley's clit, and began to suck. Then she put the other hand on the
nozzle to help Ashley push.

 Ashley let out a long moan of pleasure, as her body shook all over, put her
hand on the back of Stacie's head and began to push on the nozzle and pull
Stacie's head even harder onto her pussy.

 Plop........................Plop....................Plop...................Ashl
ey's orgasm hit as the last ring popped into her hungry asshole!!!!!

 She was moaning, screaming, wailing in ecstasy as she put both hands into
Stacie's beautiful hair and ground her pussy into her face!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The non-flexible base nozzle has now been inserted the
full twenty-two inches in length into Ashley's anal canal, rectum, and colon.
The full insertion of the entire enema nozzle is now complete. The end of the
first nozzle now lies twenty feet ten inches deep near the end of her small
intestine."

 "We will now begin preparations for the filling and flushing of Ashley's
intestines and bladder, or the enema phase of the testing. Stacie will also be a
large part of this phase."



 We intend to give Ashley and Stacie many choices during the enema phase. The
choices will range from supporting a certain amount of liquid in their bladders
or intestines, holding that liquid for a specified amount of time, pleasure, and
pain."

 During the first enema, Ashley will be given the choice of supporting two
gallons of liquid within her anal canals and lower intestines then holding that
liquid while certain tests are performed or the choice for Stacie to experience
excruciating pain to her breasts, vagina, and rectum."

 "Oh NOOOOOO!!!!!", Ashley's mind screamed! "Not Stacie!!!! She can't take
this!!!! Do me you bastards!!!! Ashley began to cry for Stacie, as she realized
there was probably no way she could hold TWO GALLONS of liquid inside her ass
with all the tubes and nozzles in there!!!

 Suddenly, Ashley's hands were forced to clasp behind her head again and she saw
Stacie float backwards about two feet and her hands being clasped behind her
neck.

 Stacie was screaming!!!

 As Ashley watched in horror, her dear Stacie was placed in the same position
she was in, about three feet across from her. She looked so fragile with her
legs back wide and her beautiful little pussy and asshole exposed.

 As their eyes met, Ashley tried to give the screaming Stacie a look of love and
assurance.

 Stacie's screaming lessened to constant sobbing.

 "Oh God!!! PLEASE DON'T HURT HER!!!!, Ashley's mind pleaded.

 Suddenly a bunch of instruments and stuff appeared above Stacie just like it
had over Ashley!!!!

 The creature spoke. Note: The subject Shawn ejaculated twenty-one seconds after
Stacie was totally in her spread position."

 Ashley saw Stacie's beautiful little body turn bright red in shame!!!! She was
beginning to hate the guys!!!

 The creature continued. "We will now place clamps on Stacie's nipples, and
clitoris. Both clamps will have cables from above, for stretching purposes, and
be capable of delivering an electric shock."

 " We will also place a smaller version of an enema nozzle in her rectum. This
will only be nine inches long and two inches in diameter. It will have the added
feature of being able to deliver an electric shock to Stacie's rectal canals.
There is only one, one-quarter inch rib placed one inch from the base in order
to prevent Stacie from expelling it with grunts."

 Ashley watched with tears running down her face, as the monster started
squeezing Stacie's nipples to get them hard. Stacie was crying like a baby.

 Stacie let out an ear shattering wail as he locked the painful clamps on her
tender young nipples.

 The creature then stood between Stacie's legs as Ashley's eyes were directed to
the screen. She saw a close-up of Stacie's beautiful pussy and asshole.

 Ashley watched as the creature used the same kind of clips on Stacie's pussy
and glued the cables to her tummy. Now her beautiful, bright pink pussy was
spread open to totally expose her pee hole and clit.

 Ashley gasped in shock as she saw the creature take another stronger looking
clip and position it over Stacie's swollen little clit!!!

 When the creature released the clip Stacie screamed bloody murder!!! It must
have hurt, terribly!!!!

  Ashley realized how Stacie must have felt when she was being tortured!!!
TERRIBLE!!!



 The creature pointed upwards and suddenly the cables started pulling up on
Stacie's nipples and clitoris at the same time!!!!! The cables pulled until her
nipples and clit were stretches upwards about two inches.

 Stacie was panting and sobbing, she had lost her breath with so much pain at
once!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The subject Stacie needs to urinate badly. She has chosen
to wait until the enema nozzle has been fully inserted into her anal canal and
urinate on my command. Her other choice was to urinate now, and withstand one
minute of electrical shock to her nipples and clitoris."

 "God, help her!!!!" Ashley thought, as she noticed that Stacie's pee hole had
opened up even wider with the stretching of her clit. Her poor little clit and
nipples were stretched so far that it looked as if she were hanging by them and
they might tear off at any minute!!!!

 The creature reached up and grabbed the enema nozzle. It looked like a long
straight male penis except for the ring around the bottom. The creature began to
squirt lubrication on it.

 Suddenly Ashley's was allowed to look Stacie in the eyes. She showed her a look
of love, and then grunted real hard.

 Stacie must have gotten the message as she returned the look of love, then
started to grunt in shame!!!!

 Ashley's eyes were forced back to Stacie's pussy and asshole as the creature
began to push the end of the nozzle against Stacie's tiny pink anal ring.

 Ashley heard Stacie begin to grunt harder, as the sounds slowly built in
volume. Soon she was sounding like a female pig in heat!!! God, Ashley felt
embarrassed and ashamed for her!!!!!

 Suddenly, Stacie's little asshole puckered outwards from the grunting and the
nozzle slammed in to her young virgin asshole.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee", Stacie screamed like
a banshee!!! Then started grunting involuntarily as the creature shoved the
whole nine inches up her anal canal, all the way to the ring.

 It was a good thing the nozzle shoved up her ass had made her start grunting
because the creature didn't waste any time. He immediately crammed the rib into
Stacie's tender, grunting ass canal.

 "Ahhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee", Stacie screamed again,
then started panting as she lost her breath

 Ashley felt so sorry for her sweet, Stacie!!!! Although the nozzle wasn't near
as big as the one Ashley had up her young ass, she knew it had been very painful
for her. She wished the creature had let her do it. She would have been much
more gentle!!!!

 The creature spoke. " The preparation of the subject, Stacie, has been
completed. She will now have the choice to expel the urine in her bladder upon
my command or have an electrical current delivered to her nipples, clitoris, and
rectal canal until she does expel the urine."

 The creature looked at Stacie and said, "Now."

 Ashley saw Stacie tighten her little tummy muscles and start tying to push the
pee out.

 Suddenly Ashley heard a buzzing and every muscle in Stacie's beautiful little
body went rigid. Her teeth clamped shut, and awful grunting screaming sounds
were coming out of her. My God!!! They were shocking her poor little titties,
pussy, and rectum!!!! Stacie's whole body was vibrating!!!

 Suddenly, a giant, golden arc of pee spewed out of Stacie's spread open pee
hole. It arced up into the air a good four feet, then settled into a six foot
rainbow and the buzzing stopped.

 Ashley was crying, Stacie was peeing like a fireman's hose but she wasn't
breathing, was she dead? Did they kill her sweet, Stacie?!!!!!!!



 Suddenly, Stacie stopped peeing, and sucked in a GIANT breath, as if she had
been underwater for five minutes!!! Then she started to cry.

 "God!!! That must have hurt so bad!!!!", Ashley thought.

 The creature spoke. "Note: The subject, Ben, ejaculated twenty-one seconds
after the electrical shock was delivered to Stacie's nipples, clitoris, and anal
canal."

 Ashley saw Stacie's beautiful body turn red again, and noticed she was being
forced to look Ben in the eyes!!!

 "God!!!!, I do hate the guys!!!", Ashley's mind screamed. "I hate all
men!!!!!!"

 The creature spoke again. "The preparation of Stacie has been completed for
this phase."

 "We will now give Ashley a choice to accept and support two gallons of liquid
into her anal canals and large intestine or chose to have us deliver an
electrical current to Stacie's nipples, clitoris, and anal canal for a period of
one minute."

 "Ashley's anal canal and large intestine would only support three quarts of
liquid in her current state, with the large nozzle in place, on earth. With our
technology, we will enable her organs to stretch well beyond their limits."

 Ashley was shaking and crying. "Oh my God!!! Please help me!!!! I have never
even had an enema, and now I have to take TWO GALLONS inside me, with that giant
thing still up my ass?!!!!  I will burst wide open!!!! Can they really make me
stretch that far?!!!! God!!!! Stacie!!!! I have to take it!!!! I can't let them
shock her again!!!! I have to take it even if I do burst wide open!!!!" She
tried to hold the sobs back, but she just couldn't!!!

 The creature walked over to Ashley and began connecting what looked like a
metal hose to the giant nozzle sticking out of her ass. Her hands were still
clasped behind her head.

 The creature read her mind. "Ashley will not be allowed to use her hands to
masturbate during the filling phase. Masturbating would allow her to enjoy the
pain, lust for the pain."

 "They want me to feel all the pain this time!!!", Ashley thought as she began
to cry harder.

 Suddenly, Ashley felt the warm liquid flowing into her colon!!! Her whole tummy
began to feel all warm inside!! It was a relaxing feeling. "No!!!!! I can't
relax!!!! I have to hold it all in for Stacie!!!", her mind screamed!

 Ashley started to concentrate on holding the liquid in her. She started to try
and squeeze her tortured ass ring, even tighter around the GIANT nozzle in her
ass!!!

 The pain took her breath away, as her sore asshole squeezed on the nozzle, but
she kept it as tight as she could!!!

 Her tummy was starting to get full. She felt a light cramp start around her
belly button. It was all she could do to keep her asshole squeezed down on the
nozzle. The need to shit was tremendous!!! She began to shake with the strain,
her ass cheeks were as hard as rocks as she tightened down even harder!!!

 The creature spoke. "The young, female subject, Ashley, is now supporting three
quarts of liquid within her colon. This is the maximum amount she would be able
to support on earth. Our technology will now take over and allow her to support
the remaining five quarts. If the subject chooses to continue to support the
liquid you will notice some swelling in her abdomen. This will not harm her, but
it could become extremely painful."

 Ashley shuddered as she felt the liquid begin to flow into her again. How was
she gonna be able to hold FIVE more QUARTS!!! Her tummy was going to swell?!!!!
God!!!!!



 Suddenly, Ashley's tear filled eyes were forced to Stacie's beautiful face.
Stacie was showing her a look of pure unselfish love!!! Even though she must be
in terrible pain!!!! Stacie was trying to tell her to let the liquid go if she
needed too, if it hurt to bad!!! She was willing to take the pain for Ashley!!!!

 Ashley tried to give Stacie a look of, "I love you, too." through her tears,
just as the creature tore her eyes away and back to the view of her overstuffed
asshole and swelling tummy.

 God, her tummy was swelling!!!! She clinched down on the nozzle with her tender
asshole even tighter!!! The pain ripped through her like a lighting bolt that
took her breath away, but she kept squeezing!!!!

 Her tummy was swelling even faster, it was starting to look like she was a few
months pregnant!!! She was cramping bad inside, and the need to shit was growing
by the second!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting five quarts of liquid in her
colon and anal canals."

 Ashley was almost in a panic!!! Could she hold three more quarts? She felt like
she would shit all over the room at any minute!!!! She squeezed her throbbing
ass ring even tighter around the nozzle and let out a yelp!!!!! God, she wished
should could just shit the whole mess out of her, all twenty feet of the nozzle
and the water with it!!!! They were killing her!!!!!

 Ashley saw that her tummy now looked as if she was at least six months
pregnant!!!! She tried to picture Stacie's beautiful face in her mind and
squeezed down on the nozzle even harder. She could feel the liquid either trying
to push the giant nozzle out of her ass or trying to squish by the giant
nozzle!!! She was even cramping way down near her asshole now!!!!!

 Her tummy was so swelled now that she couldn't see over it!!!! It was as big as
a basketball!!!

 Ashley knew she couldn't hold any more!!! The pain was just too much!!! She
started screaming!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting two gallons of liquid within her
anal canals and colon. The flow of the liquid has been terminated."

 A wave of relief washed over Ashley!!! God, she had made it!!!! She now had two
gallons of liquid and over twenty feet of tubes and nozzles up her ass!!!! She
couldn't believe she wasn't dead!!!!! She clenched her asshole even tighter
around the giant nozzle!!! That water wasn't going anywhere!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The holding phase of the first enema will now begin."

 "The twenty-two inch base of the enema nozzle will be disconnected and removed
from Ashley's anal canals and colon. This section is collapsible down to a one
inch hollow tube. The nozzle will be collapsed and then slowly removed."

 "Ashley will be given the choice to hold the two gallons of liquid during the
removal of the base nozzle or she can choose to deliver an electrical charge to
Stacie's nipples, clitoris, and rectum for a period of one minute."

 "Ashley may loose a small amount of the liquid when the tube is collapsed, due
to the time it will take for her anal ring to grip the one inch tube and make a
seal. It will take approximately two seconds for her to squeeze her anal ring
from a diameter of four inches to a diameter of one inch. This is expected and
will not be considered as her letting go of the liquid."

 "Note: the subject, Shawn ejaculated at the time of Ashley receiving the
seventh quart of liquid."

 Ashley's eyes were suddenly forced to Shawn's eyes. All she saw was pure
lust!!!

 God, did women getting enema's turn men on?!!!!!

 She was so relieved that the giant nozzle in her ass was collapsible!!!! She
had been so worried about the pain of having to pass all those rings again!!!!!
Her tummy was still cramping bad, but she kept her asshole clamped as tight as
she could!



 The creature touched the base of the giant nozzle sticking out of Ashley's ass
and, whoosh!!! It was a one inch tube!!!

 Ashley was ready!!! She clinched her ass ring as tight as she could!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", she screamed!

 It felt as if someone had just stuck a knife in her asshole!!!!! She screamed
again as she felt the water start to pour out of her throbbing asshole and
squeezed even tighter!!! The pain was excruciating!!!!! After what seemed like
forever, the water stopped coming out.

 Ashley was so afraid the creature was gonna say she let too much out!!!! She
started to cry.

 The creature spoke. "Ashley was able to constrict her anal ring to the diameter
of one inch with in two point three seconds of the collapsing of the nozzle. The
amount of liquid loss was minimal."

 "We will now disconnect the one inch tube from the other two sections of nozzle
and remove it from Ashley's anal canal and colon."

 Ashley sighed in relief as she heard the creature's words. Stacie was safe for
the moment!!!! She also noticed that the swelling in her tummy had gone down
some, but the pressure on her asshole was a lot worse now!!!! God, she had to
hold on to the tube tight with her asshole while he took it out!!!! There was
water down there now!!!!

 As the creature began to slide the one inch tube out of Ashley's rectum very
slowly, she started to feel the urge to grunt!!!! Then she remembered that the
tubes hitting the walls of her anal canals did that!!!! She clamped her sore
asshole even tighter around the sliding tube and tried her hardest not to
grunt!!!!

 The urge to grunt built and built until Ashley was almost biting her tongue
off, and then....Plop! The end of the tube slid out of her asshole with a
sucking sound, and then her beautiful, ruby red, ass ring shut tight as she
clenched her ass cheeks as tight as she could!!!

 Ashley was looking at the big screen in amazement! Her asshole still looked
normal!!! It was redder than usual but that was it!!!! She had imagined it
looking like the asshole of a cow when this was over!!!!

 The creature spoke. "We will now begin the second phase of this holding
session."

 "God!!!!", Ashley's mind screamed! "I thought I was gonna be able to shit
now!!! Now I have to hold it even longer?!!!! Please, help me!!!!"

 The creature continued. "Ashley will now be given the choice to hold the two
gallons of liquid in her anal canal and large intestine while receiving and
supporting a one gallon bladder enema, or she can choose to deliver a one minute
electrical charge to Stacie's nipples, clitoris, and rectal canal."

 "Please, no!!!!!!", Ashley thought! "They are gonna kill me!!!! They are gonna
give me an enema in my pee hole? I have never had anything in my pee hole!!!!"

 As the creature reached up and grabbed the twelve inch long half inch thick,
bladder enema nozzle, Ashley began to blubber uncontrollably. This was gonna
hurt bad!!!!!!

 It was a foot long!!!! It looked way too big at the base to fit into her little
pee hole!!!!

 Her eyes suddenly met Stacie's beautiful, loving eyes. Stacie was trying to
tell her again, to let the water go!!! That she would take the pain for
Ashley!!!! She looked so helpless floating there with her little titties and
pussy stretched upwards by the clamps!!! She must already be in terrible
pain!!!!

 Ashley gritted her teeth as the tummy cramps got even worse, and clenched her
tortured asshole even tighter. She had to try!!! She couldn't let her sweet
Stacie get shocked if she could help it!!!!



 She tried to get her crying under control and prepare herself for the pain she
knew was coming!!!

 Her eyes were taken to the big screen. The creature had the quarter inch tip of
the bladder enema nozzle close to her spread open little pee hole!!! She could
see her ruby red asshole clenching constantly as she fought to hold the two
gallons of liquid up her butt!!!

 The creature pushed the tip of the nozzle into her little pee hole!!

 "Ahhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", Ashley wailed in pain!! It
burned!!!! "Ahhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", she screamed, as the
creature began to slide it deeper into her!! It felt like he was shoving a red
hot poker up her pee hole. She could feel her little pee hole stretching as it
went deeper and deeper and burned more and more!!! She almost shit all over the
room before she could catch herself, but was able to clench her asshole
again.!!!!

 She couldn't push out to help her pee hole stretch because it also made her
asshole push out!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!", she screamed again,
as the last inch of the nozzle penetrated her tender little pee hole, stretching
it ruthlessly around the half inch diameter!!!!!

 She was panting like a hot dog!!! Her swollen tummy going up and down real
fast!!!! Her sobbing was making it hard to breathe!!!  Her face was red from the
exertion of trying to hold her asshole shut while the burning nozzle slid all
the way up her pee canal to the back of her bladder!!! God!!!! She needed to
SHIT SO BAD!!!!!!! The cramping was getting worse and worse!!!!!

 Suddenly, she felt the warm liquid begin to flow into her bladder!!! She felt
the urge to pee immediately!!! But the warmth actually felt good for a moment
and the pain had lessened  inside her tortured little pee hole.

 Just as she thought she was going to have to shit and pee all over the room,
the liquid stopped flowing and the creature spoke. "Note: Both male subjects are
totally erect and on the verge of ejaculation."

  " Ashley is now supporting one quart of liquid in her bladder. Remember, she
could normally support two quarts of liquid, but our technology will allow her
to support one gallon if she so chooses."

 Ashley was in too much pain, and having to concentrate way too hard to keep the
liquids inside her body to worry about if the guys were coming in their jeans
again. Her mind was a red wave of pain!!! Her tortured, throbbing asshole and
pee hole were clenched as tight as she could get them!!! She noticed her tummy
was swelling again!!!! She had never needed to shit and pee so bad in her
life!!!! Her tummy continued to swell as the pressure in her bladder worse and
worse and worse!!!! She was blubbering incoherently!!! Suddenly the liquid
stopped again.

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting one gallon of liquid in her
bladder, and two gallons of liquid in her rectal canal and intestines, for a
total of three gallons."

 "We will now give her the choice of holding the three gallons of liquid inside
her while bringing Stacie to a full orgasm with her mouth and the rectal enema
nozzle or she can choose to expel the liquids and deliver an electrical shock to
Stacie's nipples, vagina, and rectal canal for a period of two minutes."

 "If Ashley chooses to bring Stacie to a full orgasm, we will insert an anal
plug into her rectum and inflate a small balloon in her bladder that will aid
her in holding the liquids during the process."



 "God!!!!", Ashley's mind was racing!! "Can I eat Stacie's pussy? She ate mine
and I enjoyed it! God, this is so embarrassing!!!! I have to try and do it!!!!
She did it for me!!! To help me!!!!"

 She shouted in her mind to the creature, "I will do it! I will use my mouth to
bring Stacie to an orgasm!!!"

 The creature spoke. "Ashley has chosen to hold the liquids and perform
cunnilingus on Stacie while rapidly moving the full nine inches of the two inch
diameter enema nozzle in and out of Stacie's rectal canal in order to bring her
to a full orgasm."

 "Ashley will be allowed total movement during this time, and will be allowed to
touch Stacie's body anywhere she chooses with her hands or mouth. Once she
begins to push the nozzle in and out of Stacie's rectal canal, she can not stop
until Stacie reaches full orgasm. The movement of the nozzle must start within
twenty seconds of the start of cunnilingus."

 The creature disconnected the liquid hose from the bladder nozzle and turned
the base a little as Ashley felt her bladder swell a little more. Then he
reached upwards and came down with a BUTT PLUG in his hand!!!! Stacie had seen
them in the backs of magazines!!! This one looked enormous!!! At least eight
inches long and three inches in diameter in the middle about one inch in
diameter at the bottom where her asshole would be after it was shoved in!!!!

 Ashley's eyes were forced to her straining red asshole and she saw the creature
lubricating the giant butt plug. He then placed the tip of it against her
throbbing ass ring and pushed hard!!!!

 WHAM!!!!! He shoved it all the way in!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee", Ahley screamed as the pain
shot through her sore asshole and rectum!
"Ahhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!"

 The pain began to subside a lot faster than Ashley thought possible!!! Her
asshole didn't feel so empty anymore and she realized she could relax her
throbbing anal ring just a little!!!

 The cramping in her tummy and bladder was still terrible, though!!! She still
needed to shit and pee so bad it was almost unbearable!!!! Her screams died down
to a constant whining as tears of pain and humiliation rolled down her beautiful
face. Then the nipple clamps were released!!!!

 "Ahhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", she keened!!! The pain was
terrible as the pressure was taken off her tortured red nipples!!!! God, she
wished she could rub them!!!!! Her nipples were throbbing like they might
explode any minute!!!

 Suddenly she was being forced to stand up!!! God!!! Could she stand up with
three gallons of liquid, the giant butt plug, the bladder nozzle, and nineteen
feet of tubes inside her?!!!!

 She heard and felt the liquid sloshing in her tummy as she was tilted forward
and her legs came down. As her feet touched the floor and her weight began to
rest on her legs and feet, she almost fell over!!! God!! She was a lot heavier
now!!!

 She looked down and realized she did look like she was pregnant!!! Her eyes
were suddenly forced to the guys eyes. They were looking at her swollen tummy!!!
She flushed bright red with humiliation and embarrassment and cried even harder.

 As she started to try and walk over to stand beside Stacie, the pain in her
rectum and pee hole was tremendous. God!!! could she walk with the giant butt
plug in her ass!!!!

 She realized she could just barley walk if she took little bitty waddling
steps. God!!! Her eyes were forced to the screen and she was looking at herself
from the back. Her ass cheeks were clenched real tight, and she could see the
end of the butt plug between them!!!! God!!! She looked so NASTY!!!!!!

 As she slowly made her way over to Stacie, she noticed the creature was using
the washing hose on Stacie's stretched out little pussy. God, how was she gonna
eat her pussy with her clit in a clamp and all stretched out?



 The creature finished washing Stacie and stepped back.

 As Ashley waddled up to Stacie's side, she looked into her beautiful, tear
streaked face. The look of pure, unselfish, love she saw in Stacie's eyes
brought tears to her own eyes.

 God, she was so beautiful!!!!

 Suddenly, the nipple and clit clamps were released, and started to retract back
up into the ceiling. The look of love in Stacie's eyes turned to excruciating
pain and she began to scream!!!

 God!!! Ashley needed to help her!!! She quickly moved her right hand to
Stacie's beautiful pussy and started to rub her swollen clit softly with her
finger. Then she took her other hand and started to gently rub her left nipple.
There was still a beautiful pink nipple that was hurting!!!!

 Ashley quickly bent over as pain racked her swollen tummy, and took the
beautiful, throbbing nipple into her mouth!!!! She began to suck lightly and run
her tongue around Stacie's hard swollen nipple. After about a minute, she moved
her beautiful mouth to the other nipple and did the same thing. When Stacie's
screaming stopped she stood up and looked into her eyes. She saw a look of
gratitude and..........excitement!!!! Stacie was already getting turned on!!!!

 Stacie's eyes seemed to be telling her, "Its ok, do it. I like you touching me.
I want you to touch me. I love you!!!!!

 Ashley's love for Stacie, became solid and forever at that moment. She realized
she loved her and wanted her as a lover forever!!!! Her throat was constricted
with the pain of the love she knew was total taboo, but she didn't care!!! God
she was so beautiful!!!! Her Love!!!!

 Ashley bent down ever so slowly and placed her mouth over Stacie's beautiful
mouth. It was delicious!!! Stacie's mouth opened to meet Ashley's mouth and
their tongues began sliding inside each others mouths. It was wonderful!!! So
sweet, so gentle!!!

 Ashley began to rub her finger up and down Stacie's pussy from the bottom of
her vaginal opening over her pee hole and clit. She felt and heard Stacie's moan
of pleasure inside her mouth.

 The pressure inside Ashley's ass and bladder were becoming almost unbearable!!!
Stacie saw the look of pain in Ashley's eyes, and gave her a determined look and
nodded. She was saying to do it now so Ashley could ease her own pain!

 Ashley nodded and waddled over to stand between Stacie's legs.

 She was so beautiful!!! Her beautiful pink pussy and asshole were so spread
open. Ashley devoured her whole beautiful bottom with her eyes! Her pussy was
sopping wet with her juices!

 Ashley dipped her fingers between Stacie's quivering pussy lips and got them as
wet as she could. Then she rubbed the slick juice around the end of the nozzle
sticking out of Stacie's ass ring. She dipped her fingers again, and rubbed them
around the tender asshole itself. Then she moved her right hand to Stacie's
beautiful pussy and her left hand to her left nipple.

 She began to stroke her pussy and nipple at the same time.

 A loud, low moan of pleasure came from Stacie as she hunched her beautiful,
throbbing pussy in time with Ashley's stroking.

 "God!! She is so wet!!!!", Ashley thought!

 Ashley looked into Stacie's loving eyes and saw that she was ready as Stacie
nodded in ecstacy.

 Ashley gave Stacie the grunting look, and Stacie nodded again.

 Ashley bent forward, her tummy cramping and sloshing. She encircled Stacie's
throbbing pink pussy with her mouth and began to run her tongue over her clit.
God!! It tasted so good, so sweet!!!

 She heard Stacie catch her breath in ecstacy and begin to moan sweetly!!



 Ashley began to lick up and down the entire length of Stacie's ripe young
pussy, drinking in all the sweet juice she could.

 Stacie began to moan louder and hunched her pussy into Ashley's soft mouth as
hard as she could.

 Ashley put her hand on the end of the nozzle and began pulling it out. She
heard Stacie begin to grunt.

 As Stacie's grunting grew louder and louder, Ashley began to suck on Stacie's
engorged clit. She removed her hand from Stacie's beautiful little breast and
placed her thumb on Stacie's ass ring so she could tell when her grunt was the
strongest.

 As she felt Stacie's ass ring push way out, she plunged the nozzle back into
her rectum all the way to the ring, then pulled back out. Stacie was now
grunting like a beautiful little pig, the guttural sounds were filling the
room!!

 In and out, in and out, over and over. Each time Ashley felt Stacie's asshole
push out she would shove the nozzle back in.

 Stacie was now grunting and moaning like a beautiful little PIG IN HEAT!!!!!

 Ashley felt Stacie's clit begin to throb like a jackhammer inside her mouth and
swell even more!!! She was about to come!!!

 A shrill wail of ecstacy burst from Stacie's beautiful lips and grew louder and
louder!!

 Ashley felt Stacie's ass cheeks tighten and her hands pushing on the back of
Ashley's head!!!

 Ashley buried her face harder into Stacie's hungry pussy as the sweet juice
literally erupted from her gushing cunt!!!! Ashley swallowed and swallowed until
Stacie's moans subsided and her eyes rolled back in exhaustion. Ashley wanted to
drink her sweet pussy juice forever, wanted to bathe in it!!!!!

 As Ashley stood up from Stacie's gaping wet pussy, God it was so beautiful, her
tummy was cramping so bad she wanted to scream.

 Suddenly she noticed a liquid running down between her legs, and fear washed
over her!!! Had she let some water out?!!!!! Then she realized it was her own
pussy juice!!! The insides of her thighs were wet all the way to her knees!!!
God, she must have come!!!!

 As Ashley blushed with embarrassment, the creature spoke. "The young, female
subject, Stacie, has reached a full orgasm. She was tremendously excited by the
feeling of the enema nozzle being plunged into her rectum as well as the sucking
of her clitoris."

 "The young, female subject, Ashley, experienced an orgasm four seconds after
Stacie's orgasm began. She was excited by the feel and taste of Stacie's vagina,
as well as being aroused by the manipulation of the nozzle in and out of
Stacie's rectum."

 "Both male subjects ejaculated during the test."

 "Ashley will now be allowed to empty her bowels and bladder with no penalty to
her or Stacie. The other three subjects will be moved to a closer position in
order to view Ashley's anus and urethra as she expels the liquids."

 God!! Ashley thought she would die of humiliation!!! She needed to shit and pee
so bad!!!! But, to have to do it in the faces of her friends was going to make
her die of shame!!!!!!!

 Ashley felt her body being lifted and moved. Before she knew it she was being
bent back into the reclining position, hands behind her neck, legs back and
spread wide!!! The changing of position felt like her tummy was gonna
explode!!!!

 She watched in shame as Stacie, Ben, and Shawn were moved closer to her spread
open asshole and pussy!!!



 Her eyes were suddenly forced to the screen. God, she looked so NASTY. Her
tummy was swelled like a basketball, pussy wide open with the nozzle hanging out
of her pee hole, and her ass was spread wide with the giant butt plug in her
asshole!!!! So NASTY!!!!!

 The creature came over and made an adjustment on the bladder nozzle as Ashley
felt the pressure in her bladder go down just a little. Before she knew it he
yanked the whole nozzle out of her pee hole in one motion!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", she screamed!!!
The burning pain in her pee hole was unbearable!!!!

 Before she could catch her breath, the biggest stream of pee she had ever seen
erupted from her tortured pee hole!!!!! It looked like the flow from a garden
hose and was headed right at Stacie's breasts!!!!

 Ashley turned red with shame as the pee began to flow over Stacie's beautiful
little breasts and down her tummy even soaking her beautiful pussy with it!!!!!
The creature wasn't going to disintegrate it this time!!! Ashley tried to stop
peeing but she couldn't!!! The pressure was just too much!!!

 Her eyes were suddenly forced to Stacie's eyes. She expected to see hate and
disgust, but what she saw was nothing but love, pure love!!!! Stacie nodded to
let her know it was ok, to keep on peeing!!!!!

 It seemed like Ashley peed on Stacie forever as the liquid gushed and flowed
out of her tortured bladder!!! Poor Stacie was soaked to the gills in the
stuff!!!!

 Stacie never once showed Ashley disgust, as their eyes were locked the whole
time, just pure love!!! Right before Ashley finally stopped peeing on her, she
thought she may have even seen excitement in her eyes!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley has now expelled the one gallon of liquid from her
bladder. We allowed the liquid to reach Stacie in order to monitor her reaction.
Stacie was never uncomfortable while being soaked with Ashley's bladder liquid
and was actually quite aroused by it."

 "Note: The two young female subjects, Ashley and Stacie are in love with one
another. Both mentally and sexually. They have been showing sacrifice for each
other, that only true lovers will every know."

 Stacie was crying!!! Tears were running down her beautiful face. At first,
Ashley thought it was from embarrassment, but then she saw the truth in Stacie's
eyes. She had just now realized Ashley was in love with her, and was crying
tears of joy!!!!!

 Ashley remembered the creatures words from earlier. Something like, Stacie was
secretly in love with her. Ahhhhh!!!! How long had Stacie been in love with her?
God!!!! It must have been awful not being able to tell me!!! Not being able to
feel my love back for her!!!!!

 Ashley looked into Stacie's eyes with pure love and LUST!!! Then smiled.

 Stacie cried even harder, but managed to smile back.

 The creature continued . "Ashley will now expel the two gallons of liquid in
her bowels onto Stacie. We will force the eyes of the male subjects back and
forth between Ashley's anal ring and Stacie during this phase so that they may
also see Stacie's reaction to being doused with the liquids."

 "God!!!" Ashley thought! "How can they be so cruel!!! The pee was bad, but even
though there was no shit in her, the liquid had been in her a LONG time!!! All
that mucus stuff must be mixed in with it by now!!!! God!!! Poor, sweet,
Stacie!!!!"



 Ashley's eyes were suddenly on her spread open asshole again and she saw the
creatures hand reach toward the giant butt plug!!!!

 It took her breath away as he jerked the giant plug out of her tender asshole.
As she watched the screen thinking her asshole would slam shut, she saw the
liquid begin to explode out of her!!!!

 Her asshole was still wide open!!! At least an inch in diameter!!! God, how
NASTY!!!!! The water was gushing from her like a FIRE HOSE!!!!

 She looked at poor Stacie. A one inch stream of the stuff was hitting her in
the chest, right above her beautiful tiny breasts!!!!! Ashley watched in horror
as Stacie was lifted into the air until the stream was hitting her right in the
pussy!!! Then her legs were spread to make it even worse!!!! The stream seemed
to be directed right on to her beautiful little clit!!!!

 All of a sudden Ashley had to grunt!!!! The release of the liquid was pure
pleasure after having to hold the stuff for so long, PURE RELIEF!!! She had been
needing to grunt for so long, that once she started she just couldn't stop
herself!!!! The liquid began to come out even harder and faster as her grunting
intensified!!!!

 A guttural pig grunt started deep inside her, and built and built, she could
NOT stop!!!!

 She was again, grunting like a PIG IN HEAT!!! Her face was blood red, her
tongue between her teeth!!!!

 Stacie started to moan all of a sudden!!!! Her head was lolling on her neck,
her tongue was hanging out, and she was thrusting her beautiful pussy out to
meet the stream of liquid!!!!

 Suddenly, her hips started to buck back and forth and the high pitched keen of
her orgasm filled the room!!!

 God, she was so beautiful it was almost painful!!!! Ashley's pussy was gushing
with juice from watching her come like that!!!!

 As Stacie finally got her breath back and flushed a bright red, her eyes turned
to Ashley with a look of love and shame!!!

 Ashley gave her a look of pure deep love, then one of approval and LUST, to let
her know there was no need to be ashamed on her account!!!!!!

 The creature reached above Stacie and grabbed a washing hose. Then her started
to wash Stacie from her chest to her toes, spending the most time on her
beautiful little pussy.

 Then the creature used the hose on Ashley's sore, relieved asshole and pussy.

 Ashley was still scared, but the relief of having all that liquid out of her
made her feel wonderful at the same time!!! Her tummy was back to normal and she
didn't see any stretch marks or anything!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The second enema phase will now start. We will begin by
reinserting the one inch diameter nozzle into Ashley's anal canals and colon and
connecting it to the eighteen feet of nozzle that lies within her now. We will
then proceed to fill her anal canals and large intestine until she is supporting
the maximum of two gallons. If she chooses to support the two gallons of liquid,
then we will continue and fill her small intestine with another two gallons of
liquid."

 "We will be filling her intestines from lower to higher, meaning we will start
with the outlet that is nearest her anal ring until that area and below is
supporting maximum liquid. Then we will move to the next nearest her anal ring
and fill from that outlet. We will continue filling from the outlets further and
further from her anal ring until she is supporting the maximum four gallons of
liquid."

 "The reason for starting at the nearest outlet to her anal ring, and ending
with the furthest outlet is to assure that the maximum pressure is maintained on
her anal ring at all times."



 "During this procedure we will be switching all four of the subject's views
back and forth between Ashley's anal ring and face and the large screen. We will
be switching to the screen at certain times to show the internal filling of her
anal canals and intestines."

 "Before we start the procedure on Ashley, we will be getting Stacie set up for
her part in this phase."

 "Stacie will be placed in a floating, doggy style position (in human terms),
with her knees beneath her belly and spread wide. Her anus will be posed upward
with her upper body sloping downward. Her anus and vagina will be in a spread
wide view at all times."

 "We will then proceed to connect a liquid hose to the nine inch long by two
inch diameter nozzle within her anal canal and fill her colon and large
intestine to the maximum of one and three-quarters gallons. The rib at the
bottom of Stacie's enema nozzle is expandable. Once the one-quarter inch rib has
been inserted into her anus, we will then expand it to three inches in diameter.
This will make it impossible for Stacie to expel the liquid as we do not intend
to give her the choice to expel."

 "Ashley will be given choices during this procedure. Her first available
choice, will be to support the liquid until the entire four gallon maximum has
been administered or she can choose for us to fill Stacie's large intestine from
one and three-quarters of a gallon to two full gallons."

 Stacie can not support two gallons of liquid, even with our technology. If
Ashley chooses to administer the extra quart of liquid into her large intestine
it will burst."

 "Of course, with our technology it will be healed almost immediately, but
Stacie will feel the excruciating pain of the bursting of her large intestine."

 "Stacie will be allowed the use of her hands and mouth on certain parts of
Ashley's body during this procedure in order to aid her in the support of so
much liquid. Since Ashley's anal ring will only be stretched to a diameter of
one inch during this phase, it will be extremely difficult for her to support
the full four gallons of the liquid without expelling it around the nozzle."

 "As with the four inch diameter nozzle, Ashley will have to want to support the
full four gallons of liquid in order to be able to do so. Therefore, sexual need
for the enema and arousal are a must."

 "Stacie will be able to control her floating around Ashley's body during the
filling to a certain extent, but will remain in the all fours position with her
anus and vagina raised and in full view."

 "Ashley's hands will also be free during this phase."

 Ashley was crying like a baby again!!! God, she had thought maybe the worst was
over, but it just kept getting worse and worse!!!!!!!! She couldn't allow
Stacie's insides to burst!!!!! She would rather die!!!! God!!! Maybe with
Stacie's help, she could make herself want to hold all that water!!! But God!!!
FOUR GALLONS!!!!! And the pure shame of the guys looking inside her as the water
filled her up to the bursting point!!!!!

 Suddenly, Ashley saw Stacie being turned in the air until she was in a doggy
style position. Her knees were drawn up under her and then spread wider than
normally possible. Then her beautiful little ass was arched up into the air
until it was totally spread open, the nozzle pointing upward at a forty-five
degree angle!!! God she was so extremely beautiful!!! Even in such a degrading
position!!! Her beautiful pussy and asshole were pooched out even more that
before!!!!!

 All at once, Stacie started moving toward Ashley!!!! She floated up by her left
shoulder giving Ashley an even closer view of her beautiful, pink pussy and ass
ring. Then she started turning until her head was near Ashley's head!!!

 She put one wonderful hand on Ashley's head and began to stroke the side of her
face with the other hand. They looked deep into each others eyes.



 They were caught up in the love for each other for a few seconds, then Ashley
realized Stacie was trying to tell her something, show her something with her
eyes. Ahhhhhh!!! Ashley realized she was trying to tell her not to worry, that
they could get through this as long as they were allowed to help each other!!!
She was right!!!!!

 Ashley reached up, put a hand on each side of Stacie's face, and brought her
lips down to meet her lips. They kissed each other long and tenderly as Stacie's
sweet tears fell into Ashley's face.  Ashley noticed the creature moving behind
Stacie!!!!!

 She started to lift Stacie's head up, but then realized Stacie  knew the
creature was there and didn't want her to!!!

 Ahhhhhh!!! She needed to help Stacie to want the enema!!!!

 Ashley ran her left hand under Stacie's tummy and began to rub just above her
pussy. Then she began fondling Stacie's beautiful little titties with her other
hand.

 Stacie brought her soft, sweet lips down and began to kiss her again. God, such
a sweet kiss!!!

 Ashley felt a vibration in Stacie's tummy, and realized the water was going
into her!!!

 She reached down further and cupped Stacie's dripping wet pussy in her hand.
She needed to hurry now!! She remembered that the first few seconds of the enema
made a warm, almost pleasant feeling in her tummy.

 She slid two fingers between Stacie's hot pussy lips and began to rub up and
down. She knew the guys were looking at Stacie's pussy and what her fingers were
doing, but she just couldn't afford to care right now!!!!

 Stacie moaned with pleasure and grunted in to her mouth!!! It was working so
far!!!

 Ashley could feel the heat coming off Stacie's dripping pussy now, and her clit
was throbbing!!!

 She found the opening to Stacie's little pussy with the tips of her two fingers
and began to slide them inside of her. Her pussy walls where tight around
Ashley's fingers. They were so hot, and soft!!! It felt like hot, wet, velvet
encasing her fingers!!!!

 Stacie grunted again into her mouth and she knew the enema was getting painful
now!!!!

 Ashley began to slide her fingers in and out and rub Stacie's clit with her
thumb. She started to roll one of Stacie's hard, tender nipples between the
fingers of her other hand. She knew Stacie's nipples were tender from the
clamps, but hoped the slight pain in her nipple would her take her mind off the
stretching of her little tummy and the cramps.

 Stacie grunted and moaned with pleasure into Ashley's soft mouth!!! It was
still working!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Stacie is now supporting one gallon of liquid inside her
anal canals and colon."

 Ashley knew the last three quarts were gonna be the worse so she sped up her
fingers going in and out of Stacie's flowing cunt and rubbed her clit faster and
harder!!! At the same time she increased the pressure on her tender pink
nipple!!!

 Stacie moaned again, and started grunting real low key and guttural into
Ashley's mouth.

 Ashley was thinking, "That's ok my darling, Stacie!!! You can grunt all you
want since the liquid won't come out anyway!!! Grunt, my Love!! Grunt!!! I wish
I could have!!!"

 As Stacie began to grunt harder and harder, Ashley knew the cramps must be
getting terrible. She inserted a third finger into Stacie's tight, wet cunt hole
even thought she knew it probably hurt her!!!

 Stacie let out a moan of pure pain and pleasure and Ashley felt her little clit
start throbbing like a jackhammer!!! She increased the pressure on Stacie's
nipple and she moaned again!!!



 Suddenly, Ashley felt Stacie's whole body tighten up, then her clit started
vibrating against her thumb. A loud guttural grunt-moan came into Ashley's mouth
and Stacie's sweet pussy juice began to flow down her hand all the way to her
elbow!! Stacie was coming!!!!

 As Stacie's sweet pussy relaxed in Ashley's hand, the creature spoke. "Stacie
is now supporting and holding one and three quarters of a gallon of liquid in
her bowels. Ashley was able to bring Stacie to full orgasm twelve seconds before
the full amount was supported."

 "Note: Both male subjects ejaculated while watching Ashley stroke Stacie's
vagina."

 Ashley and Stacie blushed bright red from embarrassment at the same time.
God!!! Would the shame and humiliation ever end?!!!!!!

 Stacie looked into Ashley's eyes with a look of love and gratitude.

 The creature continued. "We will now begin the filling and support of four
gallons of liquid into Ashley's large and small intestines. Remember, she has
the choice of supporting the full four gallons without expelling any of the
liquid, or bursting Stacie's lower intestine."

 Ashley began to whimper, the tears running down her face. She was so scared for
Stacie!!! What if she couldn't make herself want the liquid in her ass, want to
hold it through all the cramping and needing to SHIT so bad!!!!!

 Stacie looked into Ashley's eyes. Ashley could see that she was cramping bad,
her eyes were crinkled at the corners in pain!!!

 Ashley saw a look of determination and forgiveness in her eyes!!! She was
trying to tell her, they would try as hard as they could, but she would never
blame Ashley if she couldn't hold it all!!!

 Ashley looked into Stacie's eyes with love and determination as the creature
moved between her legs.

 Ashley saw the creature reach up and retrieve the one inch diameter by
twenty-two inches long base nozzle. She sighed in relief as she saw it bend and
realized it was flexible!!!

 Stacie quickly floated herself to the side of Ashley directly over her tummy.
She was now in a position where she could reach Ashley's pussy and breasts with
her mouth and hands.

 As the creature began to shove the nozzle up Ashley's tender, exposed asshole,
Stacie gave Ashley the grunt look.

 As Ashley tightened her tummy and began to grunt, Stacie placed one hand on
Ashley's tight tummy and the other over her ruby red pussy. Her touch was like
fire to Ashley!!!

 Ashley grunted harder as she felt the pressure of the nozzle on her ass ring,
and Stacie began to stroke her tender pussy!!!

 As the nozzle slipped into her anal canal, Stacie began to stoke Ashley's
engorged clit and massage her tummy where the loops were. Ashley let out a moan
of pleasure and ground her dripping cunt into Stacie's hand and her ass into the
nozzle!!! She wanted that dam nozzle all the way up her hungry asshole!!!! She
even wished it was bigger!!! God, what a PIG, SLUT she was becoming!!!!

 Ashley felt the nozzle going deeper and deeper as it twisted through the loops
in her tummy. She went with the urges to grunt while she still could, and was
grunting like a PIG IN HEAT!!! Her clit was throbbing under Stacie's fingers and
her pussy was flowing with cunt juice!!!!

 Before she new it, the creature had stopped pushing and she felt him connect
the nozzle to the other tube deep in her tummy!!!!

 The creature spoke. "I have now completed the insertion of the nozzle and
connected it to the second section. The administration of the full four gallons
of liquid will be now begin."

 As Ashley felt the warm liquid begin to flow into her tummy, her eyes were
taken to the big screen. He was showing them her insides again!!!! She blushed
red with shame!!!



 Stacie immediately put her hand to Ashley's beautiful, flushed face and began
to stroke her cheek.

 The big screen was showing the one inch nozzle inside a pink tube with mucus
running down the walls. The liquid was running out of a hole in the side and
moving downward due to Ashley's reclined position.

 Suddenly the view was of the tube looking down and the liquid building up
around the nozzle. The nozzle was going through a tight ring where the liquid
was starting to gather.

 Ashley suddenly realized she was seeing her asshole from the inside!!!!! The
pink tube around the nozzle was swelling outward, getting bigger, as the water
filled it!!!!! She could now feel the liquid pushing against her anal ring, and
clinched her ass around the nozzle even tighter!!!! The urge to grunt was
building already!!!

 The camera moved back to the opening the water was spewing out of and Ashley
watched the hole slowly become submerged as the pink tube around it stretched
outward with the force of the liquid!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley's anal canal, rectum, and sigmoid colon are now
filled with two quarts of liquid. We will now begin to fill from the outlet that
is three inches from the beginning of her small intestine. At first the water
will move downward toward the small intestine, then that section will fill and
it will move back toward her anus."

 The picture changed to show the one half inch diameter nozzle deep inside
Ashley's colon. Water began to pour from an outlet in the side of the nozzle and
that tube was soon full. The camera changed back to the view of Ashley's asshole
from the inside!!! God she hated that view for some reason!!!! The pressure and
cramps were getting real bad, along with the urge to grunt!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting one gallon of liquid within her
large intestine. Her anal canals are completely full and they are stretched to a
diameter of two inches, which is as far as earth technology would allow. We are
showing you an internal view of Ashley's anal ring and lower anal canal on the
telemonitor. This is to allow maximum viewing of the stretching of her anal
tubes using our technology."

 "As we deliver the remaining one gallon into her lower intestine, Ashley's anal
canals will stretch to a diameter of four inches and her rectal tube will
stretch to a diameter of five inches. The area nearest Ashley's anal ring will
stretch the most, because it is the lowest point. When we deliver the final two
gallons into her small intestines the downward pressure of the water will
increase the stretching of this area to a maximum diameter of six inches."

 "God!!!", Ashley was thinking!!! "SIX INCHES!!!! Poor Stacie!!! I will never be
able to hold that!!!" She began to cry.

 Stacie quickly moved to a position near Ashley's face and began to kiss her
tears away!!!! She was telling Ashley again that it was ok if she couldn't hold
it!!!

 Ashley gave Stacie a look of determination and began to want that whole four
gallons more than anything she had every wanted!!!!!

 She held up four fingers and pointed to her gushing, red, cunt!!! Stacie
understood and moved back into position.

 Ashley moaned with pain and pleasure as her beautiful Stacie slowly worked four
fingers into her hot pussy!!!!! Then she began rubbing Ashley's giant, swollen
clit with her thumb.



 Ashley groaned with pure ecstacy and reached between Stacie's legs to fondle
her soft, wet, pussy lips. Then she tightened her sore asshole even tighter
around the nozzle and her throbbing pussy around Stacie's pumping fingers!!!
"Pump my pussy, Sweet Stacie, PUMP IT HARD!!!!", her mind screamed!!!

 Her rectum was stretching wider and wider as the liquid poured into her
tortured ass canals. It looked like at least four inches now!!! The cramps got
worse and worse, her tummy was swelling again, she needed to shit terribly, but
she wanted it!!!! She wanted it ALL!!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting two gallons of liquid in her
large intestine and anal canals. She has decided she wants the enema badly. She
wants the full four gallons to fill her and stretch her."

 "We will now deliver two gallons of liquid into Ashley's small intestine. This
will make a total of four gallons she will support within her intestines."

 As the water began to flow into her again, Ashley motioned for Stacie to suck
and bite on her nipples!!! She wanted the pain!!! She needed the pain to take
some of the pain of the cramping away!!!

 Stacie understood, and immediately placed her soft sweet mouth over Ashley's
left nipple and began to suck hard!!! At the same time, she began to pump her
four fingers even harder into Ashley's gaping, wet, cunt hole!!!!

 Ashley's tummy began to swell even more!!! She looked at the screen and her
rectum seemed stretched to at least five inches!!! She could see her asshole
gripping the nozzle with a death grip from the inside of her!!!!

 The cramping was getting tremendous as was the urge to shit!!!! She wanted the
cramps!!!

 Stacie bit down on her tender nipple and she writhed in ecstacy as the pain
made her clench her ass cheeks even tighter around the nozzle. Her tummy now
looked like it had a medicine ball inside. It was SOOOO SWELLED!!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting one and a half gallons of liquid
in her small intestine."

 "Bring it on!!!!", Ashley thought, as she arched her back and pushed against
Stacie's hand pounding her pussy with a fury!!! "I want it all in me!!!! I need
it all in me!!!!!"

 Stacie bit her nipple again, even harder!!!!
"Ahhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggg!!!", she moaned in total abandon!!!

 Her swollen clit was pounding in her ears, pounding in time with each cramp in
her tummy, pounding with every throb of her tortured asshole!!!!!!

 She wanted!!! She needed!!!! She wished Stacie could stick her whole arm up
inside her hungry pussy!!!!!!! She wished Stacie could stick her whole arm up
inside her hungry ass canal!!!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley is now supporting the full four gallons of liquid
in her intestines."

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggggggggggg!!!!!!!
" Ashley's moan of ecstacy turned in to a low pitched, throaty, keen as her
orgasm flooded the room!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
e!!!!!"

 The creature spoke. "The entire nozzle will now be extracted from Ashley's
large and small intestines. The enema phase of Ashley's testing has been
completed sucessfully."

 As Ashley regained her senses, she realized Stacie was looking her in the eyes
with a look of love, gratitude, and concern. Although her tummy and asshole were
still cramping terribly she managed a smile.

 Stacie lowered her sweet mouth and kissed Ashley passionately!!!!!! Ashley
returned the kiss with just as much love and passion!!!!!!



  The creature began to pull the nozzle out and Ashley realized she needed to
concentrate on her asshole. She clamped down as tight as she could, and soon the
whole twenty feet of nozzle plopped out of her hungry asshole!!!! She wondered
if her asshole and pussy would be hungry from now on!!!!!

 Suddenly, Ben was standing right between her legs with his face even with her
asshole!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley will now be given the choice of expelling the four
gallons of liquid into the subject, Ben's face, or the choice of bursting
Stacie's lower intestine."

 Ashley turned bright red with shame and humiliation!!!! She felt so
degraded!!!! God, how must Ben feel, having the water mixed with her bowel mucus
gushed into his face?!!!!!! God, she was gonna have to shit in his face!!!!!!

 Ben was looking right at her naked asshole and pussy, so she couldn't tell if
there was a look of disgust in his eyes, but she would bet there was!!!!
God!!!!! He had seen the mucus running all over her rectal walls and canals!!!!
God!!! It might get in his mouth and nose!!!! His ears and eyes!!!!!

 Ashley had no choice, she could not let Stacie be hurt!!!!!

 Ashley sighed with shame and disgust and began to grunt. The liquid seemed to
gush out of her red asshole like a geyser!!! Once she started grunting there was
no way to stop, and soon she was grunting like a pig in heat again!!!!!

 The water was gushing out of her butt and into Ben's face!!! He had his eyes
shut. Thank God they let him shut his eyes and mouth!!!!

 Suddenly, Ashley saw Ben open his mouth!!!! God!!!!! The stream of liquid was
hitting him right in his mouth!!!! He wasn't swallowing the liquid, but seemed
to be rolling his tongue around in the steady stream!!!!! God!!! She was
shitting in Ben's mouth, and he was enjoying it!!!!!!

 After what seemed like forever, Ashley was able to stop grunting and shitting
in Ben's mouth, and soon after, the water stopped flowing out of her asshole.
God!!! She felt so empty inside!!!!!!

 The creature pulled down the washing hose and began to wash her asshole and
pussy. The warmth of the water was soothing to her sore pussy and asshole. Then
he began to wash Ben's degraded face.

 The creature spoke. "Ashley has expelled the full four gallons of liquid into
the subject Ben's face."

 "Note: The subject, Ben, ejaculated three minutes after Ashley began to expel
the liquid into his face."

 "The next phase of the testing will be the delivery of five lashes of the whip
to each of Ashley's buttocks and breasts, and three lashes to her vaginal area.
She will be given the choice to pose for each lash and not break that pose
before the lash is delivered or the choice of bursting Stacie's large
intestine."

 "She will also be given the choice of saying the phrase, "Please give me
another lash on my ass, titties, or pussy.", depending on which area we are
lashing at the time, within one minute of the last lash, or the choice of
bursting Stacie's large intestine."

 "The whip may cause damage and bleeding, but all damage will be repaired during
or after this phase depending on the amount of blood loss from the wound."

 "Ashley will have total freedom of movement during this phase."

 Ashley and Stacie began to cry, long racking sobs. They were both crying for
the other.

 Ashley knew there was no way, she could be still while her body was torn to
shreds!!!! They were gonna burst poor Stacie's insides!!!!!!

 Stacie could not bear the thought of her sweet Ashley's body being hurt so
badly!!!!



 The creature looked up as if her were getting a message and continued. "Note:
Ashley will have total movement of her body, except she will not be allowed to
touch her wounds in any way."

 "We will now begin the whipping phase of the tests."

 Ashley was still bawling as she felt herself being moved to a standing
position. Then she was given total control of her body!!!!

 The others were moved to a position with a good view, but out of range of a
whip.

 God!!! Ashley hated for Stacie to have to watch her being hurt like this. She
realized how she would feel were the shoe on the other foot.

  The creature spoke. "The subject, Ashley will now turn her buttocks toward me,
clasp her hands behind her neck, spread her legs as wide as possible, and bend
forward at near a forty-five degree angle."

 Ashley trembled in fear and dread as she slowly got into the position the
creature had described. Her naked ass was poked out toward the creature as if
asking him to whip her!!!! She gritted her teeth in anticipation of the first
lash!!!

 The creature whipped his hand forward and the rolled up finger lashed out to
its full six feet as it struck Ashley across her beautiful milky white ass with
deadly accuracy!!!!

 A thin red line appeared across Ashley's butt from one ass cheek, across her
butt crack, to the other ass cheek!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!", her scream
of pain echoed through the giant room. She immediately straightened up wanting
to rub her ass cheeks, the sting was like a thousand bees on her ass!!!!! Her
hands were stopped before she could get them there!!!! She was bawling, and
shaking all over from the pain in her tender young ass!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley has forty seconds to resume her pose for the whip
and ask for the next lash."

 Ashley thought of Stacie and tried her best to get back into the same pose!
When she thought she was there, she said, "Please give me another lash on my
ass!!!", and clenched her ass cheeks in anticipation of the pain.

 The creature spoke. "Ashley has ten seconds to resume her pose. Clenched
buttocks was not in my description of the pose."

 Ashley tried her hardest to unclench her ass cheeks. It was almost as if they
had a mind of their own!!!! Finally her ass relaxed and.............WHACK!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", she screamed
again as another thin red line appeared across her tender ass!!!!!!!

 Ashley could hear Stacie screaming and crying also. She knew it must be
terrible to have to watch her being whipped!!!!

 The pain was almost unbearable!!! Her beautiful young ass cheeks were
quivering. She felt so exposed!!! So helpless, having to even ask the monster to
whip her!!!!!! What had she done to deserve this?!!!!!

 Her blubbering was making it hard to catch her breath as she tried to force
herself to get back into the pose. Her tender young ass cheeks were on fire with
pain!!!!!

 She poked her beautiful quivering ass out at the creature and whimpered,
"Please give me another lash on my ass." Then, thinking of her sweet Stacie, she
took a deep breath and relaxed them for the whip!!

 CRACK!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!" she wailed in
pain!!



 She was hopping around, her ass cheeks clinching and unclenching, as she
performed her dance of pain!!!!!

 The last lash had landed just below her ass cheeks on the tops of her
thighs!!!! A long red welt had appeared, and a thin sheet of blood was running
down her beautiful legs!!!! As she looked at the screen, she noticed her ass was
as red as a beet, with three redder lines running across it!!!

 The line across the tops of her burning thighs was bleeding!!!! He was gonna
tear her ass to shreds!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty seconds."

 God!!! She needed more time!!!! She couldn't even breathe yet!!!!

 She tried her hardest to stop hopping and clenching!!!! Finally she got a
little control of her body and rushed to get back into the pose!!!! Her butt was
burning and aching she had never felt such deep pain!!!!

 Finally she was able to whisper the words through her clenched teeth, "Please
give me another lash on my ass!!!! Her butt seemed to have a mind of its own as
it clenched and unclinched in anticipation of the terrible pain to come!!!! As
she finally won the battle with her butt she actually heart the whip hiss
through the air!!!!

 CRACK!!!!!!!!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!",
Ashey keened in pain, as her knees buckled and she fell to the floor!!! She was
writhing around on the floor like a snake, slobbering and blubbering in
pain!!!!!

 The last lash had opened up a long red welt across the top of her ass, just
above her ass crack!!! She could feel blood running down between her ass
cheeks!!!!!! He was killing her!!!!!!!!!

 Ashley managed to get to her knees but couldn't get all the way up, her legs
were like jelly!!!!

 "Oh God!!!! Please stop hurting me!!!!! I can't take any more!!!!!", her mind
screamed!!!!!!

 Suddenly, she heard a scream that chilled her to the bone, and it wasn't
hers!!!!!! Stacie!!!!!!!!

 She turned to see her sweet Stacie rolling on the floor holding her swollen
tummy in her hands!!!!! Her eyes were rolled back in to her head, and she was
grunting and screaming. The arm above her that the enema tube was connected to,
was swinging back and forth wildly as she writhed on the floor!!!! Her tongue
was hanging out of her mouth and it was bleeding!!! She was biting her tongue
from the intense pain!!!!!!

 Ashley forgot her own pain, got to her feet, and ran over to Stacie. She
cradled Stacie's head in her arm and began massaging her swollen tummy with her
other hand. She began to kiss Stacie's face all over, trying to kiss her tears
away!!!!! God she was so beautiful, so young, so innocent!!!!! How could these
monsters hurt such a beautiful little creature this bad!!!!!!!

 "Her mind was screaming, "I am so sorry, my beautiful Stacie!!!!! It's all my
fault!!!!! I didn't get up in time!!!!!!"

 Suddenly, Ashley felt Stacie snuggle into the crook of her arm!!!! She buried
her face into Ashley's neck and began to cry like a baby!!!! Ashley rocked her
back and forth in her arms, and continued to rub her ruptured tummy.

 After a few minutes, Ashley felt Stacie kissing her neck!!! She was gonna be
ok, maybe!!!!!

 Stacie managed to get into a kneeling position. Her swollen tummy and the giant
nozzle in her asshole made moving around difficult!!! Then she took Ashley's
face in her hands and looked into her eyes.



 Ashley was so afraid she was gonna see blame and hate in Stacie's eyes, but all
she saw was love and concern!!!! God!!! She was worried about Ashley!!!! Her
insides had just exploded and she was worried about Ashley's pain!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Ashley chose to burst Stacie's large intestine rather than
take the last of five lashes to her buttocks within the allotted time. Stacie is
now supporting a total of two gallons of liquid within her repaired large
intestine."

 "We will now continue with the whipping phase of the tests. If Ashley chooses
not to comply with the time limits again she will be choosing to deliver another
two quarts of liquid into Stacie's large intestine for a total of two and one
half gallons. This would again, cause her intestine to burst, but we would also
repair it again."

 The creature looked up as if he were getting a message and continued. "Stacie
will be allowed to soothe Ashley's wounds with her mouth between lashes for the
remainder of this phase, if she so chooses. Her hands will not be available for
soothing purposes."

 "The whipping will now continue. Ashley has one minute to resume her pose, and
ask for the last lash to her buttocks."

 As Ashley jumped to her feet to get into the pose as fast as she could, she
noticed Stacie being moved back into the doggy position and start floating
again. He beautiful pussy and asshole were now totally exposed again!!!!

 Ashley literally ran to get into position!!! She was never gonna be late for
the pose again!!! Never ever gonna let her sweet Stacie feel that much pain
again!!!!!!

 Ashley bent forward, jutted her bleeding, quivering ass out at the creature and
said, "Please give me another lash on my ass!!!!"

 THWACK!!!!!!!! The whip-finger hissed through the air and tore a foot long gash
across Ashley's quivering butt!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!", Ashley
screamed bloody murder as blood ran down her ass cheeks!!!! She lost control of
her bladder and peed!!!! The pee disintegrated before it hit the floor.

 Ashley's eyes were taken to the screen. She saw five long, red, welts and
gashes across her shaking ass!!! Her whole ass was sunburn red. Blood was
running down her ass and thighs!!!! She was slobbering and wailing
uncontrollably!!! Her tortured ass was throbbing and aching!!!! She had never
felt such terrible pain!!!!! She was ruined!!!! Her ass would have big scars on
it!!!!!

 Suddenly she saw Stacie float over to her!!!! Stacie put her hands on the sides
of Ashley's hips and began to kiss and lick the wounds on her ass!!!!!

 Her sweet lips and tongue were like pouring cool water on a raging fire!!!! As
Stacie licked and licked Ashley's beautiful, quivering ass, the wounds started
to heal up!!!!

 Stacie licked the blood away, and the gashes and welts away!!!!!

 Ashley could hear Stacie crying with tears of joy as the welts and gashes
slowly disappeared under her slurping tongue!!!!!

 Ashley realized Stacie's licking of her naked ass was beginning to turn her
on!!!! Her clit was throbbing and her pussy was wet!!!! An idea flashed through
her mind and she turned to look at Stacie.

 As their eyes met, she gave Stacie a look of love and lust. Then she took
Stacie's hand and put it on her throbbing, wet, pussy!!!!

 Stacie understood!!! If she could turn Ashley on, between the lashes, Ashley
might be able to get back into the pose faster!!!!! She nodded at Ashley with
love and understanding.



 The creature spoke. "Ashley will now pose for the whipping of her breasts. She
will face me, and clasp her hands behind her neck. Then she will spread her legs
and arch her back to offer her breasts for the lashes."

 She will have three minutes to resume her pose, and ask for her next lash of
the whip."

 Ashley was whimpering and crying again. The thought of the whip tearing her
beautiful breasts to ribbons was almost more than she could stand!!! Stacie!!!
There was no way she could let that happen again!!!!

 Ashley gritted her teeth, turned to face the creature, and locked her hands
behind her neck. The she slowly spread her beautiful, shaky legs and arched her
back as far as she could. Her hairless pussy was so exposed!!! The clamps
spreading her pussy lips made her throbbing, ruby red clit poke out like a sore
thumb!!!

  She watched in terror as the creature whipped out the gross, whip-like finger
and...CRACK!!!!! The pain tore through her beautiful young breasts as a red welt
appeared across them both, just above her ruby red nipples!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!" She
wailed in pain!!!!!

 Suddenly, she felt a wonderful soothing on her throbbing, young breasts!!!!!
Ashley opened her eyes to see Stacie licking away at her beautiful tittes!!!!

 "Ahhhhhrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggg!!!", she moaned in pleasure, as Stacie put
her hand between her legs and began stroking her wet pussy!!!!!

 As Stacie spread her soothing, sweet, saliva over Ashley's tortured tittes with
loving kisses and licks, the deep red welt started to disappear!!!!!

 Stacie placed her mouth over Ashley's throbbing right nipple and began to
suck!!!! Then she started to pump Ashley's tender red pussy even harder!!!!

 Before she knew it, Ashley was hunching her wet pussy into Stacie's hand, her
clit almost ready to explode!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty seconds."

 Stacie floated back a little and began crying in dread of the next terrible
lash to her Love's beautiful, ripe breasts.

 Ashley put her hands behind her neck, jutted her quivering young titties out at
the creature and said, "Please give me another lash on my titties!!!!!!"

 She watched in terror as the creature unfurled the nasty finger
and.........WHACK!!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!", a
bright red  slash appeared across Ashley's ruby red nipples!!!!!!!! Her knees
buckled and she almost feinted from the excruciating pain in her tender young
nipples!!!!!

 As her knees hit the floor, Ashley felt Stacie's wonderful mouth sucking and
licking her pain racked red nipples!!!! Her mouth was helping, but Ashley
couldn't stop crying!!! She wasn't sure Stacie would be able to stop the pain
this time!!!!

 All at once, she felt Stacie's hands!!!! One was on her naked pussy, and the
other on her ass!!!!!

 She felt Stacie jam two fingers up her wet pussy, and then a chill ran through
her body as Stacie jammed a thumb up her tender red asshole!!!!!

 The pain shot through her tortured asshole like a knife, but the pain was
quickly replace by pure pleasure!!!! Soon, her hungry asshole was sucking on
Stacie's punishing thumb, her pussy hunching out to meet Stacie's ramming
fingers!!!!

 Then the pain in her nipples stopped and was replaced by the wonderful feel of
Stacie's soft, beautiful lips around them!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty Seconds."



 Ashley stood up. She was shaking like a leaf and starting to cry again.

 She once again gritted her teeth and stuck out her titties in total submission!
"Please give me another lash on my titties!!!!", she moaned!

 CRACK!!!!!!.......
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!" her screams
pierced the giant room like a knife!!!! Another lash across her tender,
throbbing nipples!!!!!!

 Ashley grunted as she felt Stacie's thumb ramming up her asshole and her sweet
tongue start to lick her aching nipples!!! Then she hunched her pelvis out to
meet Stacie's fingers sliding into her flowing wet pussy!!!!  She moaned in pure
ecstacy as Stacie began to pump her throbbing clit with her free thumb!!!!

 The sudden turning of extreme pain to extreme pleasure had Ashley on the brink
of coming all over Stacie's beautiful, little, pussy pumping hand!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty seconds."

 As Stacie moved away, Ashley realized she had been about to come, and she
blushed with shame!!!!! God!! What kind of a SLUT was she becomming!!!! How
could she possibly almost come between painful lashes that were almost tearing
her titties apart!!!!!

 Still crying in shame, she turned to face the creature and offered her tortured
breasts to the gross whip-finger once more!!!! "Please give me another lash on
my titties!!!!, she cried!!!!

 She watched in dread as she saw the creature, once again, flick the disgusting
finger out....................THWAP!!!!!!
"Ahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"!!!!, Ashley wailed in
pain, as the terrible whip slashed across her swollen nipples!!!!

 Stacie was on her before she could stop screaming!!! Once again, encasing her
throbbing nipples in that soft sweet mouth!!!! Once again ramming her little
thumb up Ashley's waiting rectum!!! Once again sliding her dainty fingers up
Ashley's hungry wet pussy as she pumped the big, ruby red, clit with her little
thumb!!!!!

 Ashley immediately began to moan with pleasure!!! Her nipples were still
throbbing with terrible pain inside Stacie's hungry mouth!!! Her hungry asshole
was grunting and sucking with every plunge of the little thumb, wishing it was
bigger!!!! Her young, juice gushing, cunt had a greedy grip on Stacie's pounding
fingers!!!! Her engorged clit was throbbing like an atom bomb!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty seconds."

 "Arrrrrrgggggggggggggggggg!!!!", Ashley moaned in disappointment, as Stacie
once again pulled away leaving her feeling empty and hungry inside!!!!!

 She turned to the creature as fast as she could, clasped her hands behind her
neck, and offered her pretty young breasts!!!

 "Please give me another lash on my titties.", she whimpered!!!

 The creature moved to the side of her!!!! Then he raised his giant arm and
flicked downward!!!!

 The whip was expertly aimed and came down right onto the tops of Ashley's
young, beautiful, ruby red nipples!!!!! The blood squirted as the force almost
totally ripped her nipples off!!!!!

 Ashley tilted her head back and screamed like a banshee!!!!!
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!", the pain was unbearable!!! Ashley
peed all down her beautiful young legs!!!!!

 Stacie rushed in, screaming almost as loud as Ashley, but in pure rage at the
creature!!!!!

 She began to lick and suck on Ashley's terribly damaged and bleeding nipples as
gently and as fast as she could, with tears of pure compassion running down her
beautiful face!!!!



 She placed her hands between Ashley's legs, but only to cradle her pussy and
ass, as began to rub gently.

 As Ashley regained her senses, she realized that Stacie's tender sucking and
licking had completely healed her damaged nipples, leaving them supple and
beautiful once again!!!!

 The creature spoke. "We will now begin the whipping of Ashley's vaginal area.
Ashley will stand before me with her legs spread as wide as possible. She will
place her hands on her buttocks and thrust her pelvis outward as far as possible
while also using her hands to push on her buttocks."

 "She will have three minutes between the lashes to repose and tell me she is
ready for the whip."

 Ashley was sobbing again. God!!! Someone needed to help her get through
this!!!! How could she possibly hunch out her pussy so that creature could tear
it apart with the whip!!!!!

 She thought of her beautiful, Stacie. Floating around in the doggy position
with her beautiful little pussy and nozzle stuffed asshole spread for all to
see!!!! Her little tummy was stretched out like a beach ball. She was grunting
constantly like a beautiful little pig, due to the tremendous need to shit!!!!!
No way could she let that monster explode her insides again!!!! NO WAY!!!!!

 Ashley turned to the monster, trembling in fear!!!!!

 She slowly let her legs slide apart until she was almost doing the splits. Then
she reluctantly placed her trembling hands on her full, young ass and hunched
her beautiful young pussy out as far as she could while pushing with her hands.

 God!! She was serving her hairless, naked, pussy out on a platter, to be
whipped and mutilated!!!!!

 The creature began an underhanded flick of his wrist as the nasty finger-whip
whizzed upwards between Ashley's widespread legs. The lash whipped across the
whole length of her beautiful, ruby red vagina, from the bottom of her pussy
hole, across her spread open pee hole, and the very  tip whipped deep into her
swollen clit!!!!

 Ashley lost her breath!!! Her scream was low in volume, because she was making
the sound while sucking in!!!!!
"eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!", she squeaked over and
over!!! It felt as if he had seared her exposed pussy with a hot iron!!!!!

 She was about to fall over when Stacie got to her and grabbed her by the waist.

 Stacie immediately jammed her head between Ashley's legs and began licking the
full length of her damaged slit, pee hole, and clit!!!!! Then she, once again,
jammed her thumb up inside Ashley's ruby red asshole!!!!

 As the burning in Ashley's dripping cunt hole, turned to pleasure, she started
to moan in ecstacy!!!!

 Stacie rammed two fingers up Ashley's hungry, sucking asshole and began to suck
on her throbbing clit!!!!!

 The two fingers felt wonderful in Ashley's hungry ass canal!!! She began to
grunt like a pig and hunch her tortured cunt into Stacie's beautiful face!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "Thirty Seconds."

 Ashley's legs were quivering from the ecstacy she was just feeling, as Stacie
reluctantly moved away.

 Ashley felt empty and deserted inside again!!!!! She wished Stacie could at
least keep her fingers up her asshole while she was being whipped!!!!

 She looked at Stacie and held up three fingers, telling her to shove three
fingers in her ass, after the next one. Maybe it would hurt enough to take her
mind off the pain of the whip faster!!!!



 Stacie nodded with love in her eyes!

 Ashley placed her hands on her firm, naked ass and pushed her gushing pussy out
as far as she could!!!! "Please give me another lash on my pussy!!", she
squeaked!

 THWAKKKKKK!!!!!!!!............
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
!!!!", Ashley wailed, as the pain shot through her tender young cunt!!!!
Somehow, the creature had hit nothing but her throbbing big clit with the end of
the whip!!!! The pain felt as if someone has just put a cigar out on it!!!!!!
"Ahhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!", Ashley was jerking
and bucking as if she was having a seizure from the extreme pain!!!!!!

 She felt Stacie wrap her arms around her bucking hips, and encase her burning
clit between her soft sweet lips!!! Then she began sucking!!!

 Ashley felt Stacie's fingers pushing on her ass ring and grunted as hard as she
could. She felt three of Stacie's probing fingers jam all the way into her
hungry asshole, and let out a long low moan of pure ecstacy!!!! God, she loved
Stacie's fingers up her ass!!!!!!!

 Ashley was grinding her ass down on Stacie's fingers in wild abandon, grunting
like a horny pig, and shoving her throbbing pussy into Stacie's young, beautiful
face!!!!! Her throbbing clit was so close to exploding into Stacie's sweet,
sucking mouth when..................

 The creature spoke. "Thirty seconds."

 "Arrrrggggggggggggggggggggggg"!!!, Ashley screamed in disappointment as
Stacie's sucking mouth and ass pumping fingers were pulled away from her!!!!!!
God!!! Her ass canal was so hungry to have those sweet fingers back in it!!!!!

 Ashley was still flushed and flustered as she clasped her hands behind her neck
and shoved her hot,  gushing cunt out for the whip! Her clit was throbbing like
a jackhammer in anticipation of the next lash!!! She wanted the whip on her
naked pussy!!!!! She wanted the creature to whip her beautiful young pussy till
she came!!!! She needed the pain!!! She wanted the pain!!!!!

 "Please give me another lash on my pussy!!!!", Ashley moaned, and she meant
every word of it!!!!!!!!!

 CRACK!!!!!!! The pop of the whip was like a shotgun going off, as the lash
split Ashley's throbbing pussy from her asshole to her clit!!!!! Blood flew
everywhere!!!!!! Her pussy had been ripped wide open!!!!!!

 Ashley's eyes opened wide in shock, and she sucked her breath in like a diver
going under for an hour!!!!!! Her beautiful face contorted into a pain filled
ugly mask, and she screamed the scream of ages,
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!
! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!
Ahhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!

 Stacie was also screaming as she rushed to Ashley's aid!! The shock of seeing
her sweet Love's beautiful pussy torn apart, the blood flying everywhere, was
almost more than she could take.

 As she reached Ashley, she put her hands on her beautiful, naked ass and began
to lap at her blood soaked pussy with her pink little tongue!!!! She licked and
licked until all the blood was gone and the gash had completely healed!!!! Her
sweet Ashley's pussy was as beautiful as ever!!!!! And God!!!! Her pussy was so
sweet!!!!!!!

 As Ashley got her breath back, and her screaming died down to low sobs, she
realized Stacie's sweet tongue had totally healed her ravaged cunt!!!!



 She looked down at Stacie and saw tears running down her face as her little
tongue darted in an out of her gaping pussy!!!! She must have been so scared for
Ashley!!!! God!!! She loved Stacie so much!!!!!!!

 Suddenly, she felt Stacie suck her throbbing clit into her mouth and jam four
fingers up her hungry ass canal!!!!!!

 Ashley threw her head back in pure abandon and let out a pig grunt-moan that
would have shaken a house down!!!!,
"UGGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!

 Ashley had never felt such bliss!!!! Such pleasure!!!!! Such ecstacy!!!!!! Such
LOVE!!!!!!!!

 She began hunching her throbbing, naked cunt into Stacie's beautiful little
mouth and driving down on her hand like a jackhammer!!!!!!! She was a YOUNG
BITCH IN HEAT!!!!!!

 She grunted even harder, sticking her tongue out between her teeth and biting
down hard. Then she drove her hungry asshole down even harder on Stacie's ass
pumping fingers!!!!!!

 PLOP!!!!! With a loud sucking sound, Stacie's WHOLE FIST slammed up into
Ashley's starving ass canal!!!!!!!

 Ashley moan-grunted again, even louder as the blinding ecstacy shot through her
ass and pussy!!!! "UUUUUUGGGGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNT!!!!!"

 Ashley was slamming herself up and down on Stacie's balled up fist now,
grunting like a pig in heat, glad the guys were watching her, glad they were
hearing her pig grunts, and loving the painful pleasure in her stuffed anal
canal!!!! She was jamming her asshole down all the way to Stacie's elbow, as
Stacie sucked harder and harder on her pulsating clit!!!!!!

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!",
Ashley arched her back, threw back her head, and howled like a horny, she wolf
as her throbbing, naked clit exploded into Stacie's beautiful little sucking
mouth!!!!!! She came and came and came!!!!!!!!! She had needed to come so
bad!!!! Wanted to come so bad!!!! DESERVED to come so bad!!!!!!

 Ashley's sweet pussy juice was overflowing!!!! Stacie was swallowing gulp after
gulp!!!!! It just kept flowing and flowing. It ran out of Stacie's mouth, out of
Ashley's pussy, down Stacie's arms!!! God!!! It was so sweet and wonderful!!!!!
Stacie was bathing in it's sweet stickiness!!!!!

 The creature spoke. "The testing of the subjects Ashley, Stacie, Ben, and Shawn
has now been completed. You will now be transported back to earth. You will be
cleaned, redressed, and all objects and evidence will be removed from your
bodies during transfer."

 "You will have no memory of this experience upon your return to earth."





                                             TWO WEEKS LATER!!!



 Ashley rolled over and looked at her beautiful, sleeping Stacie. She was so
happy her parents were out of town for the weekend!!!!

 Ashley wondered if it would be ok to wake Stacie up. She had been awake for an
hour already, enjoying looking at her sweet, naked Stacie, sleeping in peace.
God, she was so beautiful!!!!

 Ashley needed to be whipped and filled real bad!!! Her insides felt so
empty!!!!

 She had no idea why she, all of a sudden, had all these strange urges and loved
Stacie sooooooo much!!!!! But it was wonderful!!!!!!

 She decided to wake her Love up, and ask her if she would give her an enema,
whip her pussy, then fist fuck her asshole while she sucked her clit, just like
she had last night!!!!!!!



 Written by Xodus




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Xodus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





