BDSM Library - The Capture of an Immortal




The Capture of an Immortal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In the battle of immortals, one sadistic male immortal breaks the rules and captures a beauty for slow sexual torment.
Disclaimer: This story contains sex, violence, bondage, rape, and immortality.
It follows the themes in 'Highlander' where immortals live among mortals. These
immortals cannot die nor have children. When one immortal takes the head of
another, they undergo a "quickening" which brings them one step closer to the
final gift.  The story includes the character Dominoe created by Trent Wolf.

   ==============




"Capture of an Immortal"
  by Vlad Potemkin

  The 8th floor rooftop basked in the glow from a half moon and flickering neon
signs. Natasha Irinov watched from a vantagepoint in the shadows, silently
stretching a limber body clad in her usual "combat" gear - usual, that is, for
the last 50 years. A thin black bodysuit hugged every curve; the millimeter of
spandex simply emphasized the perfect anatomy.  She had no qualms about using
her incredible beauty as yet another weapon. Early in life, she'd found that
male opponents were easily distracted by her body, so she dressed appropriately,
choosing the most revealing yet unencumbering clothes of the time.

  Natasha was a tall woman, a conspicuous trait a few centuries ago, less so in
modern times. Her body was an amalgamation of understated strength and
breathtaking sexuality. Strong sinewy legs flowed into prominent shapely
buttocks. A washboard stomach, like all immortals unblemished by childbearing,
made her large firm breasts even more pronounced. And of course, there were
those arresting black eyes surrounded by luxurious raven hair, bound together in
a ponytail. Her full lips and small delicate nose conveyed both debauchery and
purity at once.

  During swordplay, her breasts swayed, constrained only by the spandex,
mesmerizing male and female opponents alike. Natasha simply exuded sex. And it
had allowed her to stay alive through a dozen trials, when other immortals,
mostly evil men, came to seek her head.

  Today, Natasha would finish a contest started over 150 years ago with the
destruction of Andre Mansarrat, the embodiment of evil on earth.

  It was in France that she first encountered Andre. An aristocrat and notorious
playboy, the "Bear of Sauvignon" did what he wanted, took what he desired.
Despite stories of the abduction and sexual torture of beautiful young women,
local authorities failed to act.

  Natasha didn't care whether their inaction was due to laziness or bribery. 
She was never one to retreat from evil and finally met Andre at a ball.  To her
astonishment, she sensed Andre was an immortal and quickly challenged him to a
duel.

  Poor Andre never knew how pathetic his skills were next to Natasha's centuries
of dueling experience. After just two minutes of swordplay, she nearly severed
his head with a swipe from her rapier. Stumbling back, Andre dropped his foil,
put one hand on his neck, and withdrew a small pouch with the other hand. Before
Natasha could finish the job, a thick cloud of smoke erupted between them. When
the smoke cleared, Andre had vanished.

  Natasha searched his estate and known haunts, but he had escaped and
apparently fled France entirely. She still remembered her shock on discovering
the private torture chamber in Andre's chateau. Four women were in the stone
room, naked, chained, and violated by grotesque devices. Others had been sent to
new owners after being broken by the evil aristocrat.

  Natasha remembered all of it. And she would enjoy taking his head. On cue, the
door to the rooftop opened and a tall burly man in a trench coat crept into
view. He was big, heavier than she remembered from her time in France.

  "Do you plan on running away again, coward?" She shouted while stepping from
the shadows of the chimney.

  Andre Mansarrat turned and slowly backed away from the door towards the
opposite side of the roof. She saw a wool scarf barely covering a long scar
across his neck. A twisted smile formed across his hideous face.

  "I've waited a long time to pay you back for this." He pointed to the scar
while withdrawing an intimidating saber.

  She moved towards him, the steady rapier pointing at his heart. "I hope then
that you've practiced."

  Andre kept moving backwards while Natasha advanced, scrutinizing his every
move for an opening. Soon he was at the edge of the roof.

  "Nice outfit, Natasha. I'm going to enjoy peeling it from your body before I
take you." He brought his saber forward with both hands.

  Natasha froze, puzzled by his comment. Andre knew this duel would end in
destruction for one of them. She then heard the sound behind and realized what
the bastard meant.

  Before she could turn, Natasha felt all her muscles seize. She screamed and
fell, writhing on the cement rooftop. Through the pain, she could barely see
another man with an object in his hand. It was a taser. Gritting her teeth, she
moved a hand down and found the electrodes embedded in her thigh. With
superhuman resolve, she ripped the leads away, throwing them towards the
attacker that had come from the rooftop door. It required a Herculian effort to
simply breathe as the the paralysis faded.

  "Pretty good, bitch," murmured Andre.

  Natasha turned to see Andre above just as the hilt of his saber smashed into
the side of her head. An explosion of light joined the pain from a boot against
her ribs. Then there was only darkness.

  Andre looked down at the unconscious immortal and became aware of a growing
erection. Natasha lay sprawled on the rooftop, an impressive bust stretching the
black bodysuit. A nasty gash, already healing, marred the side of her
lovelyface.

  A century of planning was paying off. At their first duel, he'd been immature,
unaccustomed to combat but still very driven by his carnal desires. Then came
Natasha, the sexiest woman he had ever glimpsed and an immortal as well. The
thought of having that curvaceous body to torment for centuries drove him mad
with lust - the perfect outlet for his evil cravings. These thoughts had cost
him a vicious scar, but now he would have payback.

  "Bring her to the special room," said Andre to the henchman. "I've waited a
long, long time for this."

 =====

  Natasha was stiff, head throbbing. Was it morning? The harsh light permeated
her closed eyelids. Where was she? Then she remembered.

  Slowly opening her eyes, she moaned from the tightness throughout her limbs.
When her vision focused, it felt like some monstrous hand gripped her heart and
squeezed. Directly in front was a mirrored wall showing a well-lit chamber.

  Natasha's statuesque body hung vertically from a seven foot high steel frame.
She could see and feel the leather straps attached to each limb pulling her
spread-eagle and suspended in mid-air. Her thin black catsuit was still there,
but it only amplified her helplessness, highlighting every sensual curve like a
magnificent second skin. Her ample breasts strained the fabric, thrust out by
the tight suspension. The outline of her vaginal lips was visible through the
black lycra. Her boots were gone and small amounts of the catsuit had been torn
away to free skin for the straps. Natasha knew Andre had left the rest of the
catsuit intact just to savor stripping it off her.

  One look at the chamber made her involuntarily gasp. The chamber was
rectangular, perhaps 200 feet long and 30 feet wide. Mirrors lined all of the
side walls while large fluorescent panels in the ceiling kept the entire chamber
bathed in warm light. As far as her eye could see, the chamber was filled with
instruments of immobilization and sexual torture, spaced out along the length of
this modern version of hell. A far cabinet, covered by glass doors, was stocked
with obscene dildos, vibrators, plugs, and strange implements she could not
fathom. And Natasha knew her body would have the grand tour of the equipment.

  She strained against the bonds, trying to wrench herself up and extricate a
wrist from the leather straps. After five minutes, she gave up with a deep cry,
twisting as much as she could against the steel frame. She was sweating and the
reflections of her outstretched form glistened. All she could do was hang there
and anticipate the upcoming torture.

  ****

  It took a lot of willpower for Andre to only watch Natasha after she regained
consciousness. He sat for hours in the control room, consuming fine bottles of
Beaujolais and viewing six monitors, each showing a different viewpoint of the
spread-eagled sexual bombshell.

  Andre had spent three years crafting the blueprints, gathering the devices,
and overseeing construction of the dungeon. Hundreds of high-resolution video
cameras lined the sides of the one-way mirrored walls and the ceilings,
providing multiple viewing angles of each instrument of torture. He had
visualized Natasha naked, moaning, sweating on each of the instruments as he
laboriously worked out the details.

  Now his time had come. Six views of the helpless immortal were being digitally
stored for posterity. Andre planned on editing and compiling a "best of" Natasha
torture sequences. A twisted smile worked across his face. There would always be
a strong video market for the perversion of such a beautiful and durable victim.

  She twisted and he focused on how her tits swayed slightly underneath the
black skintight suit. The camera hidden in the rear wall showed shapely buttocks
adorned by long athletic legs, spread and fastened to the bottom of the steel
frame. Lustrous raven hair whipped about. Andre drank in the fear and anger
evident in those expressive eyes.   He imagined his use of that sensual mouth
with gleaming teeth. Andre could barely contain himself. It was time to begin
the retribution.

  ****

  Natasha heard the steel door at the far end of the dungeon slide open. Andre
stood in the doorway, wearing leather shorts, a large grin, and nothing else.

  "Shall we begin?"

  He strolled up to her, savoring the beautiful sight. Natasha had worked up a
good sweat in the lights, rendering the catsuit nothing more than glossy ink on
a magnificent figure. Andre moved behind her and positioned his hands just
behind her backside, making sure not to make contact. He smiled. Because of
immortal physiology, her hands and ankles didn't require oxygen, so she could
hang indefinitely.

  Truly this is the most sexually appealing woman in the history of the world,
he thought.

  Natasha had been preparing herself for the last few hours but when his hands
finally touched, a wave of panic arose from deep within. His hands leisurely
slid through her soft hair, the creamy expanse of skin, down to lovingly stroke
her ass. She gasped when Andre's hands closed forcefully over buttocks and then
shifted to briefly caress her mound. He took his time, stroking her taut legs,
feeling the flat stomach, moving over straining arms. Then he began fondling her
breasts, gently at first then quite harshly, kneading them through the thin
black catsuit. All Natasha could do was grunt occasionally and sway in the
frame.

  Much to Natasha's chagrin, Andre was quite content to play with her large firm
tits for almost an hour.  She then knew her torture would be slow, systematic;
her mind fought against the pleasureable sensations. Andre occasionally twisted
a nipple through the fabric, eliciting another grunt. Sometimes he took her hair
and pulled back with such ferocity that it forced her chest to jut forward. Then
he would slowly caress the breasts, squeezing the firm globes, letting her
nipple catch on each finger as it glided across the fabric that now seemed part
of her skin.

  After an eternity of molesting, Andre moved back and she felt cool steel touch
her neck under the catsuit. In one smooth motion, the steel--perhaps a knife or
surgical scissors--slid down her back and through her ass cheeks, leaving a
growing feeling of air. He was slicing her catsuit off, cackling like a madman.
She felt faint knowing that there would soon be nothing separating her lush
athletic body from the madman behind her.

  She could see him working in the mirror, slicing off section after section.
Andre admired the flawless uniformly tanned skin underneath the fabric and
occasionally sampled an area with the flat of his tongue. In a short time, he
had reduced Natasha's catsuit to strategic coverings of her chest and vagina.

  With great relish Andre moved in front of her, grabbed the chest piece, and
ripped away the fabric. He gasped appreciatively at the shapely mounds capped by
perfect areolas and long thin nipples.

  "This is going to be a lot of fun," Andre chortled.

  "Damn you, bastard. You broke the rules." Natasha summoned up her courage and
spat on Andre's face. She knew she would suffer great amounts of torture
regardless of what she did. But he wouldn't break her. Andre just continued
smiling and snaked his tongue out, licking the spittle near his lips.

  "You and I will be exchanging lots of fluids, my beauty," he cackled.

  Andre quickly grabbed her chest, squeezing the firm fleshy mounds and flicking
his thumbs over the nipples. He began licking the underside of one breast, then
the other while using his hands to slowly rub each breast. He pushed her tits
together and ran his tongue through the cleavage, then continued fondling them
while enjoying her grimacing face. Natasha squirmed, her hands grabbing at the
air just above the wrist straps holding her upright.

  He snapped off the last remnant of the catsuit and slid two fingers through
her slit. A thumb began rubbing her clit while his mouth and other hand attended
to her chest. Natasha howled and shook in the steel frame, trying to whip her
body back and forth to dislodge him, but Andre was latched firmly to her sex...
roughly fondling, teasing, pinching, slobbering.

  She was completely spread wide, helpless, while the madman took his pleasure,
sending wave after wave of sensation throughout her body.

  "Son of a bitch," she shouted between grunts of despair. Natasha fought
against the stimulation, hated her betraying body.

  "Quiet slut," Andre spat and moved behind her. She could see him withdraw
items from a compartment in the floor, but couldn't make them out. Suddenly,
Andre rammed several figures painfully into her cunt, making Natasha scream
involuntarily. The cry was quickly muffled by an unbearably large red ball gag
stuffed into her mouth.

  Andre secured the gag then stepped back in front of her, unceremoniously
dropping his shorts. "Just a little bit more although you are nicely wet," he
said, putting a small amount of gel on his massive erect penis.

  Natasha screamed into the gag. Her toned body quaked on the frame, the outline
of her muscles highlighted as she fought the bonds that presented her to him. It
was useless of course. He grabbed her breasts and with a cruel deliberate motion
began impaling Natasha with his cock. It lurched in, inch by inch, grating
against her cunt walls, extending them outward and fraying them despite the
small amount of lubricant.

  "NAARRRGGHHH," screamed Natasha into the disgusting red ball. She felt it all,
the slow rhythm of the rape, unable to move more than a few inches, unable to
buck him off. Then when it seemed like it would never end, he began fucking her
in earnest, enjoying the look of outrage on her face as he rutted, mashing and
twisting her tits while briskly ramming his huge dick into her cunt.

  "UNNGH... UNNNGH... UNGGH," groaned Natasha, drool collecting behind the ball
gag and moving to the edge of her distended perfect mouth.

  As the assault continued, Andre became more violent, nibbling on her breasts,
seizing and harshly pinching her ass. Natasha moaned into her gag. It seemed to
last forever and she could barely hold off the rising orgasm. She resolved to
end it and clenched her vaginal muscles, milking Andre as hard as possible.
Andre shuttered and came, spewing his vile seed deep inside while nearly
squeezing the life out of her with a brutal hug. Natasha had won the first
battle in the war. She had not submitted to this depraved madman.

  "My poor dear," he cooed. "I am in control. You can try to cut this little
episode short, but we have all eternity."

  He slid the palm of his hand across her flush cheeks. Natasha could only
whimper, drool running down the sweaty canyon of breasts as her tightly
stretched form swayed back and forth.

  =====

  Duncan Macleod woke up sweating. He knew unconsciously that something horrible
had happened to his friend Natasha. She was last seen two days ago and had
missed a lunch appointment with Macleod yesterday. Natasha was a force of nature
and never late, certainly not prone to running off without telling anyone.

  The Watchers had told Duncan that no atmospheric anomalies occurred over the
last week, so she hadn't been killed by another immortal. So Duncan was left
with only one possibility: she was being held against her will. Duncan threw
himself off the bed just as the phone rang.

  "Hello? Duncan here," he said in a hurried manner.

  "Hi," came a sensual voice over the phone. There was an awkward pause. "My
name is Dominoe. I'm a friend of Natasha and .. well I don't know how to put
this..."

  "Go ahead," Duncan prodded.

  "I need your help," she said in a business-like tone. "I know what you and
Natasha are."

  "I'm sorry, I don't understand," stammered Duncan.

  "Look, let's meet at M & 14th street. I can fill you in but time is short."
Duncan realized there was a strength in this woman. "And Duncan.."

  "Yes?"

  "Bring your sword."

  ****

  Natasha was humming through the bridle gag as her muscles strained against the
solid bonds, hands and feet twitching as they could. Andre was standing a few
feet away admiring the glistening naked beauty. She was rigidly fastened into a
doggy position; steel poles, clamps, and pistons seemed everywhere. Her hands
and knees were widely spread and anchored to a raised platform with custom-made
steel bracelets encasing her wrists, ankles and calves. Her hair was braided
into a ponytail and attached to a wire which ran to a column behind her
completely exposed ass. The pull on her hair forced Natasha's head back, adding
to the complete feeling of helplessness and vulnerability. She couldn't collapse
on the platform since her washboard abs rested on a small steel plate supported
by a pole from below. And she sorely wished she could escape, somehow, from the
vicious probes that violated her.

  The column behind her housed a sophisticated robot, programmed to inflict
maximum sexual stimuli through the two orifices it had available. A large rubber
dildo covered with small rotating metal knobs pistoned in and out of her vagina,
occasionally cork-screwing to keep her attention. Most of Natasha's thoughts,
though, were directed at the small nozzle-like device engulfing the stiff nub of
her clit. The diabolical device would randomly buzz, pull, suck, and seemingly
caress her clit. At the same time, a long solid string of ben-wa balls would
slowly be inserted then removed from her anal canal. Her beautiful breasts hung
down, sucked into two large rubber plungers that were more capable of fondling
and pulling than many human hands. At the center of each plunger, a nozzle-like
device, similar to the one tormenting her engorged clit, attacked her nipple,
buzzing, pulling, sucking, caressing.

  Worst of all, the machine knew how to keep her on edge. It sometimes paused
for a minute, suckling the breasts a bit before exploding into a ferocious
assault forcing her to a mind-blowing orgasm, only to fall dormant again for
some random time. All she could do was feel and sweat, and it's what she'd been
doing for the last 15 hours.

  "It's wonderful how your body heals my dear,"  Andre stated gleefully. "Any
human victim would have become desensitized to some degree."

  Andre enjoyed watching Natasha's struggles, hands and feet gesticulating
wildy. He wanted those lovely fingers free of confinement, at least initially,
so he could see if the machine was performing at its very best. Judging by the
countless orgasms and the way the raven-haired siren clenched and unclenched her
fists, her nerves were intact during each sexual barrage.

  Andre slid his hand from her moist back to the side of the left breast, using
a single finger to trace the firm flesh as the breast plunger moved rhythmically
below. He went to her backside and squeezed the shapely ass even as the machine
launched a new assault. Her moans grew loader as the plungers moved with greater
velocity. Andre heard the increased whir of the rotating nodules on the dildo as
it escalated the speed of its violation. Finally the buzzing from the clit
device peaked as every muscle in Natasha's sweat-soaked body strained against
the restraints.

  "Uggggggghhhhh..."

  The barrage went on for minutes as Natasha's tethered head whipped about,
launching drops of sweat into the air.  Then abruptly, her muscles quaked and
spasmed.

  "Mmmmmpppphhh"

  Yet another orgasm was forced from her helpless glistening body. The whir of
machinery died down until all that was left was the soft moan from Natasha's
gagged mouth. Her head slumped forward as small bits of drool trickled down her
slender neck.

  "Well my dear," said Andre as he moved in front. Natasha's half-closed eyes
fluttered open. "I have to take my leave for a few hours, but I'll be right back
and we can try a different machine. Oui?"

  He bent down and ran his tongue across her gag-filled lips. "We'll hydrate you
before we start again. You're a bit salty for my taste."

  "Have fun," he said, smacking her slick ass as he disappeared from view. Then
the machine began to stir yet again.

TO BE CONTINUED...




"Capture of an Immortal"  (Part 2)
  by Vlad Potemkin

===========================

  Johnnie Jones bit his nails, waiting for an answer on the phone trapped
against a sweaty ear.  He tried not to stare through the booth at the babe
across the street.

  The receiver finally clicked through.  "Yeah," came a harsh voice over the
phone.

  "Uh, boss, I got somethin for ya."  Johnnie straightened out a bit and looked
back across the street.  "She's a real looker.  Tall, blond, built."

  "Where are you?"

  "That's tha funny thing.  A few blocks south of ya pad.  She's lookin at stuff
in the jewelry store."  He grinned and hoped he got a piece of this one.

  "Alright.  Me and some boys are on the way."

  Johnnie's grin dissolved.  He swept raw fingers through his greasy mop of
hair.  "Uh, boss, some guy is movin to her.  Big guy in a raincoat."

  "Just stay there."

  Johnnie shifted in the booth and averted his eyes from the man approaching the
model.  He was totally digging the chick, but didn't want any part of the dude
in the raincoat. 

  *****

  The first thing Duncan noticed was her eyes - deep brown canyons with more
than a touch of resolve and strength.   Dominoe wore squaw booties and a simple
slip dress, but on her figure, it demanded the attention of every male within a
block.  Platinum blonde hair was cut short about her stunning features.

  "Duncan?"  She knew the approaching stud must be Natasha's friend.  The
outline of a sword through the raincoat was subtle but visible to her trained
eye.

  "Hello," he replied softly.  "Natasha mentioned you a while ago.  Why don't
you tell me what this is about?"  He tried to remain focused on the task at
hand, but his eyes roamed the stranger's curves.

  "Natasha asked me for information on a local crime lord, Andre Franklin.  The
guy's a real dirt bag.  Runs a few legitimate businesses as a cover for a sex
slave ring."  She paused. "Well, she didn't show for dinner the night after I
gave her Franklin's dossier.  I can't find her anywhere.  My best guess is the
bastard's got her."

  Duncan grimaced.  "Can you give me a copy of the information on Franklin?"

  "I can do you one better," she said gleefully.  "I was going to lead you to a
bar up the street.  He owns it and may scout victims there."

  Duncan raised an eyebrow.  "And let me guess... you are bait?" 

  "Just as in your case," she replied, "looks can be deceiving.  Let's just say
I'm your ordinary genetically-engineered super spy with a lifetime of combat
experience."  Dominoe brought forward a small black bag and opened it,
displaying a small arsenal of high-tech weaponry. 

  "Just shadow me," she said, lowering her voice.  "I've handled worse than
Franklin, but I guess having an immortal bodyguard makes me more comfortable." 

  She grinned and gave Duncan's arm a slight squeeze.  "Besides, I've heard a
lot about you from Natasha."

  Before he could muster a response, Dominoe was strolling up the street.  "Stay
out of sight Duncan," she commanded without looking back.

  He smiled as he watched the swing of her shapely ass.

  *****

  Natasha came slowly out of a deep comforting sleep, drawn by the tugs on her
ankles.  The mirror showed two beefy men working on her restraints.  They were
dressed in dark blue jumpsuits and performed their task with efficiency, like
keepers at a zoo.


  She winced as her legs and arms moved from their fixed positions, suppressing
the urge to attack immediately.    She felt weak and her body ached. 

  "Would you look at the body on this one," one keeper murmured.   He pulled the
left wrist behind her back, snapping a steel handcuff on tightly.  

  "Yeah, no wonder she gets this pleasure palace all to herself," the other
smirked, controlling her right hand until she felt cold steel on both wrists.

  Natasha seethed.  The men talked as if she weren't there, some object with no
feelings or thoughts.

  Strong hands lifted her off the rape machine and she found herself standing on
unrestrained wobbly legs.  The guy on her left - a black man in his twenties -
grabbed an arm.  His older bald partner dangled a rubber eyeless cowl in front
of her face.

  "It's your lucky day," he said.  "You get some time in the sun."

  She didn't resist as he pulled the rubber over her head, stopping just above
her mouth.  Then she was blind, pushed forward, awkwardly, towards the steel
door. 

  It seemed like she walked forever, wooden flooring then soft carpet replacing
the smooth metal below her feet.  She felt the guards' hard muscles bracketing
her body, aware of the bounce of her naked breasts as the pace picked up.  Then
she felt that familiar buzz, the sensation of another immortal close by.  It
passed and they continued walking, the presence fading away. 

  They stopped and the cowl was pulled from her head.  A steel door slid shut
behind them as she was pushed into a small circular lawn.  Fifteen foot high
concrete walls topped with rows of barbed wire enclosed the area, shading the
grass from a bright sun almost directly above.

  Natasha walked away from the guards who stood by the steel door, savoring the
warmth of the sun, the faint cry of distant song birds, and the joy of a simple
walk with unrestrained legs.  She allowed herself a brief moment of happiness, a
parole from her endless bondage and sexual torment.

  The guards were also enjoying themselves, devouring the naked beauty with
their eyes, imagining free reign over those proudly displayed breasts.  Twenty
minutes passed quickly for both guards and prisoner. 

  Then Natasha began stretching in a series of highly erotic poses.  Despite
bound wrists, she lifted her right foot, placing it on the wall near her head. 
She slowly bounced towards and away from the wall, presumably stretching the
raised leg but offering the guards an eyeful.  Then came a series of abdominal
stretches where she faced away from the guards and spread her legs, seductively
bending forward, her tits swinging behind the most delectable cunt either guard
had ever seen. 

  She turned around and faced the guards, showing them the slightest hint of
tongue sliding across those sensuous lips.

  "It's been a long time since I've felt the sun on my skin," she purred. 
"Thank you very much gentlemen."

  She moved forward, breasts slightly jiggling with each step until she was
little more than arms length away.  "Is there any way I can repay you for my,"
she sighed, "vacation?"

  The bald guard needed no encouragement, practically ripping the jumpsuit
before it formed a puddle around his feet.  The black keeper was a little more
controlled, taking his time with the jumpsuit's zipper, trying to tease the
vixen.  He was looking so deeply into her eyes that he barely saw the kick
before it minced his swollen balls.

  "Shit!" the bald one shouted, bending down to retrieve his clothes and more
importantly, his baton.  Natasha spun and delivered a brutal roundhouse kick
that sent a few teeth flying.  In one fluid motion, she jumped and scissored the
black guard's head between her legs, twisting her body and the trapped head
until she felt a crack.

  A few minutes later, she zipped up a blue jumpsuit that hung a little loosely
from her body.  The dead black man was face down in the lawn; the bald guard was
lying in his underwear.  Natasha picked up both batons and ID cards.  She moved
to the steel door and passed one of the IDs through the slot, waiting as the
door slid open.

  Standing there, holding a .38 revolver, was a young man wearing a helmet.  He
fired, twice.

  The impact knocked Natasha onto her back, sprawled over the bald guard,
gasping for air.  She felt the pull of death as the man stepped into view.

  "I'm Sage, Andre's not-so-silent partner," he said, removing the helmet. 
Natasha grimaced as her head buzzed with the presence of an immortal.

  "An invention of mine to keep me off the radar," he smiled, pointing to the
helmet.  "Sorry for the interlude, but I wanted you to have a taste of freedom
again."

  The boyish immortal reached down, opening the bullet-torn jumpsuit in a
carefree manner, slipping his hand inside.

  "I would love to spend some time with you Natasha," he said.  "But I have
pressing matters and Andre wants you to meet another member of our... happy
family."

  He bent down and kissed her full on the lips.  "Why don't you rest my sweet. 
Let your body be reborn," he cooed.  Then blackness enveloped Natasha.

   ******

  Duncan walked only one block before he sensed something amiss.  It was another
immortal, close - and malevolent.  He spun and saw an old enemy standing in the
alley.

  "Andre Mansarrat. I always figured scum like you would turn up."

  Andre beckoned. "My dear Macleod, is that anyway to treat a fellow immortal?" 

  Duncan immediately connected the dots and didn't like the picture. Franklin
was Mansarrat.  He hadn't changed his ways for centuries, so white slavery was a
natural business for his unnatural needs.  And that meant he had Natasha. 

  "Yes, I'm enjoying your darling friend," he said as if reading Macleod's mind. 
"She's quite the slut once you break her in."

  Duncan roared, charging the retreating jackal.  He cut the distance in half
just as Andre slipped through a basement entrance.  Duncan stopped at the
doorway and pulled his dragon head katana from its sheath on his back.  It was
dark so he proceeded slowly.  His eyes adjusted to the blackness, focusing on
Andre at the center of the large chamber.

  "Let's see what you got Macleod," Andre shouted.  His saber whipped through
the air in figure eights.

  Duncan sprung forward and launched a vicious offensive.  Deafening rings
echoed through the basement as the two immortals swung their swords with deadly
intent. 

  Andre retreated, parrying as well as he could, but occasionally the flashing
katana would cut him on the arm, nick him at the thigh.  This was not training. 
This was holding a pit viper next to your neck with two fingers.

  "What the hell are you cretins waiting for," he shouted.  "Shoot the fucker!"

  Duncan broke off his assault and got a few steps towards the door before fire
spread across his chest. He landed in a heap as the echoes of automatic gunfire
died out.

  *****

  Dominoe crouched on a fire escape five floors up, watching the grim
proceedings below.  Rugged men in suits pushed a body bag into a black limo.  A
large man then appeared through the doorway, glancing each way down the alley. 
Dominoe recognized Andre Franklin's mug. 

  She opened her bag and pulled out a small black disk.  Just as the limo engine
revved up, she dropped the device onto the departing vehicle's roof.  It was
time for war.

  *****

  The girl struggled to get the steel door opened but was rewarded with her
first look inside the torture chamber. 

  "Ooooooo."  She wet her lips and smoothed the new strappy leather outfit down
from her pert young breasts.  "I like!  I like!  This is much better than the
other play areas!"

  After a few minutes gazing at the multitude of devices lining the large
mirrored room, she strode to an area covered by red crepe paper, ribbons, and a
gaudy "Happy 19th Birthday" placard.

  She tore into the wrapping, finally revealing a nude goddess lying
horizontally, fastened to thin steel rods below her body.  Natasha was fixed in
a straight position, arms next to each other over her head, as were her legs. 
Metal bracelets fixed each joint to a steel rod below, and small motorized
globes connected the rods. 

  An impressive artificial penis rose from the gag filling her mouth.  A few
feet from the restrained beauty, a sleek console displayed a realistic computer
model of the victim, bound in the same position.

 "My my.  Daddy gave me a beautiful new toy." 

  The girl moved to the console and noticed a puzzled look on Natasha's face. 
"Oh, you're an immortal and you're wondering how daddy gets a daughter."

  She bent down within licking distance of Natasha's gagged mouth.  "Well I was
daddy's toy before I was adopted, so to speak.  Guess he wanted an heiress."

  The girl broke out in a smile, stood and extended her hand.  "My name is
Sarah, pleased to meet you."  When there was no response, she laughed and
skipped over to the console.

  Sarah was a pixie, cute with clear skin and a dainty upturned nose.  But as
her eyes devoured Natasha's naked body, she looked anything but innocent.  The
girl kicked off her stiletto pumps and stripped.  She moaned as she pushed her
breasts together and slid a hand over her shaved cunt.  The huge penis arising
from Natasha's gag left little to the imagination.

  The girl began sliding her finger over the console, dragging the graphic
model's ankles out in an obscene split, then changing to a side view and forcing
the model's chest up. 

  "I hope you're very flexible or this machine's got built-in safety limits,"
Sarah laughed and pushed a button.

  Natasha began to whimper as the rods moved.  With her arms locked straight,
her chest was forced up while her legs shot apart.  She was screaming through
the gag when the machine stopped her legs at nearly a 140 degree split, breasts
thrust out towards the ceiling. 

  The girl slinked up to Natasha's side and casually began fondling the shaking
chest. "But I think daddy liked the dominant side I showed to his other...
acquisitions." 

  She took some time kneading the firm tits, flicking her tongue over the
sensitive nipples. "Very very nice," she marveled.  Her hands roamed the
flawless expanse of skin before she moved between Natasha's straining legs.

  "Let's have a taste of daddy's gift huh?"

  Natasha cried out when the flurry of licking and sucking began.  After all
she'd gone through, she couldn't believe she was being raped by a teenager.  And
Sarah was quite good at what she did.

  Natasha kicked and moaned and bucked and screamed, but the girl's hands
continued clenching that magnificent ass while her mouth maintained a frenzy of
activity about Natasha's sweet splayed sex.  After finally succumbing to a
wrenching orgasm, Natasha felt Sarah pick up the pace even more - as if she was
trying to force as much nectar as possible from the trembling beauty.  The
girl's probing and wiggling tongue felt like a foot-long wet slice of heaven.

  Soon Sarah's delicate finger began probing Natasha's asshole, coated by the
juices flowing from both the girl's mouth and her victim's throbbing violated
sex. She paused only long enough to push another button at the console and mount
the beauty in a '69' position.  Natasha felt her chest sink, head rise, and arms
spread down to the side.

  Sarah gasped as she impaled her pussy on the penis gag before returning to the
feast below.  A few moments later, the diabolical rods began thrusting Natasha's
head and attached penis in and out of the girl's sopping cunt.  The torture room
was doused in the pungent aroma of sex mixed with the muffled groans of Natasha
and the blissful mewing of the girl.

  In at least one way, Sarah was truly Andre Mansarrat's daughter: she was
insatiable.




"Capture of an Immortal"  (Part 3)
  by Vlad Potemkin

===========================

  Dominoe strode into the dimly lit office still wearing the slip dress,
immediately garnering whistles from the two apes hunched over a table near the
door.  Her eyes flashed daggers at them and they quickly went silent, turning
back to the diagrams on the table.

  "Local dweebs," she hissed under her breath.

  As far as field offices went, the fourth floor of the expensive condominium
wasn't bad: marble columns and flooring, fifteen foot ceilings, and thick,
presumably mirrored, glass lined the sides of the expansive room.  The Covert
Anti-Terrorism Task force, or C.A.T.T., didn't squander its vast black ops
funding, so this was better than expected, if Dominoe had cared about the
surroundings in the slightest.

  Rook, a handsome former SEAL Team 6 officer and C.A.T.T. team leader, motioned
her over to a wall where several large plasma screens hovered over a keyboard.

  "Well I guess I'll give you the good news first," he said, punching in a few
commands.  A three-dimensional layout of a group of buildings came up on one
screen.  "The bug worked great.  We tracked the perps to their base of
operations and they've been stationary for several hours."

  "And?" Dominoe raised an eyebrow and crossed her arms.

  "The bad news is they went to Sage Industries."  Rook jabbed at the keyboard,
bringing up a face and some text.  "Sage Industries is a multi-billion dollar
conglomerate, owned by a nearly invisible CEO, a Dr. Sage.  This guy keeps a low
profile. As low as I've ever seen, especially for a guy that runs this big of a
company."

  Dominoe studied the picture.  "Dr. Sage looks pretty damn young.  Kind of
cute, like that actor Leo.  Did he inherit the company from his father or
mother?"

  "It's more interesting that that," Rook said.  "We just got some intel from a
group called the Watchers.  They watch immortals like your friend Natasha and
Duncan Macleod.  So they tell us Andre Franklin is really an immortal named
Andre Mansarrat, and his drinkin' buddy is none other than..."

  "Let me guess," Dominoe broke in.  "Sage."

  "Bingo," he shot back.  "And the good doctor is also a not-so-good immortal." 
Rook reclined in a chair and rested his powerful hands back behind his head,
looking very happy with himself.

  "Christ," Dominoe sighed.  "It's like immortal central over there."  She
started pacing back and forth.  "This is getting complicated.  I was planning on
waxing Franklin.. I mean Mansarrat's ass and freeing Natasha.  Now there's this
Sage wild card."

  Rook stood and tapped the screen with the buildings.  "Look here Dominoe."  He
pointed to a building sitting close to a fence at the edge of the cluster.  "We
think they are in here.  NSA sent us some sat recon.  Time-lapse analysis showed
a group heading into the building with a body bag."

  "The fencing and security suggests there's more to Sage Industries than
typical corporate hijinks," Dominoe said with a far away look.

  Rook inspected Dominoe inspecting the building layout.  He reached out and
gave her shoulder a squeeze.

  "We'll get you in there," he said softly.  "You do what you do best, and if
you need the 800 pound guerillas, we'll be ready."

  She tilted her head at Rook, the thin line of her lips trying to turn into a
smile.  Their eyes locked briefly, then she was gliding away.

  "Lock and load, boys," she shouted.  "Rook, you work out the logistics for the
second wave.  I'm going in first."

  ***

  Natasha was more frightened than at any time during her captivity.  It wasn't
her position, although it wasn't enjoyable being bolted into a doggy position,
steel rods keeping arms and legs forced down and her head, in a surprising
respite from any gag, facing forwards.  It wasn't Duncan's nude body fixed to
more steel rods, spread out in a vulnerable X with the nasty-looking helmet over
the top of his head.  It was the surreal scene of a crazy immortal dancing with
delight to the Al Jarreau rendition of the "Girls of Ipinema."

      Tall and tan and lovely,
      The girl from Ipanema goes walking,
      And when she passes,
      Each one she passes goes "ahh!" ...

  Sage bounced in front of Natasha, naked save for boxer shorts, singing along
to the music and gesturing to her each time the girl was mentioned in the song.

      Oh, but I watch her so sadly,
      How can I tell her I love her?
      Yes, I would give my heart gladly.
      But each day when she walks to the sea,
      She looks straight ahead not at me...

  His hands clutched over his chest. 

  With Andre, she knew she would be sexually molested, but the danger of
immediate death seemed distant. Sage, on the other hand, was a lunatic.  Who
knew what he'd do with either her or Duncan. The music finally stopped and Sage
stood, motionless. 

  "It took me a long time to determine what I wanted," Sage said, staring into
Natasha's sexy face.  "The first 50 years, you just act out, do the things you
want to do.  The second 50 years, you start hating the repetition so you push
the envelope."

  Sage stepped forward and knelt down by Natasha's head.  "You need a goal, some
purpose in existence.  After all, there's only so much rape, pillaging, and
murdering you can do before it gets boring."

  Natasha wet her lips; it was about the only motion she could do.  "What do you
want with us?" she pleaded.  "I can understand Andre, twisted bastard that he
is.  But what's in it for you?"

  Sage jumped up and pointed at Natasha. "Ahh. Good question. Very good
question.  And it's what I was getting to my nubile amazon."

  "After a century of thinking, I realized I wanted pure pleasure."  Sage moved
along Natasha's left side, sliding his hand along her naked back.  She strained
her head to the side, failing in her attempt to watch him.  "Now what is
pleasure?"

  She heard sounds then grunted as Sage roughly shoved his dick into her exposed
rear.  There was muffled shouting from Duncan who fought his bonds.

  "Now THIS is somewhat pleasurable to me," Sage said, lunging forward with
increasing rate.  "And it may not be your cup of tea, my little captive sexpot."

  Despite her anger, Natasha began to squirm with some pleasure, the sensations
washing over her tortured body conditioned to respond.  She felt his hands
squeezing her firm dangling breasts while he thrust over and over again.

  "But... as... much... as... I... like... this," Sage grunted as he pistoned
into her, finally collapsing on her back with a sigh. 

  "I want something more," he said, almost inaudibly as he gathered himself. 
"I've been researching ways to directly stimulate the brain, to create any
experience, any sensation without the physical toil."

  Sage walked over to a glaring Duncan.  "And I'm almost there.  But I need some
better testing methods.  And what better guinea pig than an immortal that is
fully awake and functional during a vivisection?"

  "You can't," gasped Natasha.

  "Oh," countered Sage, "can't I?  With Macleod, I can run tests to my heart's
content. It's a small price to pay for great scientific progress."

  Sage walked over to Natasha and casually groped her ass.  "And if we tire of
you - although I'm not sure Andre ever will - you, Natasha, can be the female
control subject."  Duncan began another futile struggle against the bonds
holding him to the steel rods, only able to move his unrestrained hips.

  "But first, let me show you how far I've come," Sage said, pushing a button on
a console.  A rumbling filled the lab as Duncan's X-frame rotated and moved
behind Natasha.  The movement halted just as Duncan's pelvis came within a foot
of Natasha's spread sex.

  "The helmet on Macleod's thick head is my own specially designed transcranial
magnetic stimulation system," Sage said with increasing speed. "We can
selectively and non-invasively stimulate motor and limbic systems in conjunction
with a proprioceptive feedback system."

  He stopped and ducked in front of Natasha's straining face.  "Oh, I'm sorry, I
got carried away with the jargon.  Let me make it simple for you.  We can make
him fuck you silly."  Sage began to laugh.

  Duncan grunted behind the gag as his penis rose to its full nine-inch length. 
With a lurch, he threw his hips forward, impaling Natasha who responded with a
cry of shock as her steel frame backed up towards Duncan.  At first, the thrusts
were harsh and awkward, but after the first minute, the strokes became smooth
and natural as though Duncan was voluntarily screwing his friend.  Duncan tried
to block out the sensations, but Natasha's warm tight cunt felt so amazing.

  Sage settled into a chair and enjoyed the show.  "You two look so wonderful
together," he said.  "But this scene is really to create a more specific map of
Duncan's brain."

  Natasha moaned in near ecstasy, clenching her hands below the bonds until her
knuckles turned white, breasts jiggling forward with Duncan's thrusts.  Their
glazed bodies rocked back and forth within the restraints.
 
  ***

  The landscape outside Sage Industries was a wasteland of sparse vegetation,
pitch black, clouds obscuring what little light came from the stars and moon. 
The crickets didn't halt their discordant racket as the figure in black ran
swiftly and silently towards a ten-foot steel fence.  Even in the darkness, the
bright orange and red signs warning "ELECTRIC FENCE" and "BIOHAZARD ZONE" stood
out. 

  Dominoe stopped a short distance from the fence and began removing items from
a bulky sack.  Within a minute, she assembled an elastic round platform, rising
18 inches from the dirt, and backed far away from the fence.  After pausing for
a few steady breaths, she sprinted forward, a blur of motion, hitting the
platform simultaneously with both feet, then executing a perfect somersault up
and over the steel fence.  There was almost no sound as she met the ground on
the other side, bearing the brunt of the fall with a roll over her rigid curved
left arm, letting the momentum carry her into a crouch.

  She scanned the grounds, withdrawing a few items from her backpack.  The new
Heckler & Koch MP7 - light, just a little over 13 inches long, and very slim -
fit nicely in her firm grip.  She flipped the latch down from safety to burst
mode and holstered four extra 20-shot magazines in a fanny pack. Her
genetically-enhanced retina, carpeted with an excess of night-vision rods,
transformed the darkness into a collage of plain industrial buildings that
shifted like ghosts as she moved forward.

  Closing in on the target structure, she finally saw a sentry walking on a
distant rooftop.  The guard was wearing night goggles and carrying what looked
like a plastic & fiberglass 5.56 mm FA MAS assault rifle.  Dominoe moved away
from his line of sight, checking her mental inventory of weapons, realizing that
security here might be ex-GIGN, the French counterterrorist unit.  It was a
possibility given Mansarrat's links to his former country, and if so, she knew
she had to do this by the numbers.  She crept towards a corroded steel door,
hugging the side of the building.

  Suddenly, there was a harsh squeal as the door opened in front of her.  A
large man, his back turned to her, moved into sight.  She recognized the body
language, the ponderous but methodical shuffling, and the serpentine cut of the
hair about his neck. 

  Dominoe moved closer, shifting the MP7 into her left hand, reaching back with
her right to withdraw a steel cable.  She whipped the cable in circles above her
head, generating a melodic hum.

  Andre Mansarrat turned as soon as he heard the whir of the weapon.  His eyes
opened wide with disbelief as Dominoe stepped forward and whipped the cable on a
deadly arc.  The weighted end of the cable lost little momentum as razor-sharp
steel sliced through the immortal's neck, cleanly severing his head.  She could
almost feel his shock, his disappointment that his game ended here.

  Distant footsteps brought back her attention.  The rooftop sentry ran into
view, raising his rifle, just as Dominoe launched herself towards the open steel
door.  Three cracks filled the night while dirt exploded behind her moving form. 
Her MP7 answered, the high-velocity 4.6-mm ammo striking the sentry in
mid-chest.  She was already closing the steel door before the corpse hit the
rooftop. Inside was a long corridor she thought more fitting for a hospital...
or a morgue.

TO BE CONTINUED




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vlad Potemkin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





