BDSM Library - Bound At Work




Bound At Work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female boss finds someting fish about bondage at work an its a real turn on.
Bound At Work

I have a very important job at a very large firm, I am 28 year old my figure is
38 24 36 . I had been friendly with a man called dave at work and he had talked
to me about bondage. It had just crept into the conversation one day and I found
my self-fascinated by it.

He had explained all the ideas he had on bondage and I must say the ideas turned
me on. We work at a large site in its own ground set in beautiful country.  It
was a summer's day and very hot when he suggested lunch to which I agreed. We
decided to go for a walk in the woods, as it was such a nice day, he said he new
a secret spot near the lake.

As it was a hot day I only had on my blouse, skirt and shoes, I had left my
jacket in the car. He had brought a lunch box with him. We entered the woods and
he took me off the path deep into the woods and we then came to a clearing near
the lake. It was clear that few people ever came this far into the woods.

We stopped near the lake and he opened his lunch hamper to get the lunch out.
Before I realised what was happening he had taken a pair of handcuffs out of the
bag and had them on my wrists. It was only then that I noticed a rope hanging
from the tree, but by then it was to late as he attached the handcuffs to the
rope and pulled my hands high in the air.

Don't worry he said you said you wanted to try bondage so hear we are. The next
thing I new was there a big ball being pushed into my mouth and secured with
duct tape, he had to force the ball into my mouth and it filled it totally. Not
satisfied with this he produced some 6 inch wide cling film and wound it around
and around my mouth sealing tight. I tried to speak but nothing came out.

Just then my mobile phone rang and he answered it he came out with the corny
line she tied up at the moment, and then he said she would be busy all afternoon
please cancel her meetings.

Now I was getting excited partly due to the fact that we were out of doors and
anyone could come along and find me in this position. He undid a button on my
blouse and then walked around me, He was purposely dragging it out. His hands
roamed over my body at will, then he undid my skirt and it fell to the floor and
I was stood there in a pair of sexy red undies, stockings and garter belt.

He undid another button on the blouse as he admired my arse. Eventually he had
undone all my buttons and exposed my tits in their red push up bra, due to the
strain put on my body by my arms being held high I appeared to be all tits.

He wasted no time in fondling my tits and my nipples were like bullets, his hand
were then between my legs and I was getting really turned on by this time.  He
suddenly stopped and sat down and smoked a cigarette as I cried out in
frustration. He had talked to me about this and how he would keep a women on the
edge for hours.

Having finished his smoke he got up and walked over to the bushes and then he
returned with a very whippy stick as I looked on in horror. I could see what was
coming and sure enough he whipped my arse, I jumped from the shock. He walked
around me and he used the whip several times more. All I could do was make silly
sounds through the gag.

He then went back to his lunch box and then came over to me with something in
his hand. He removed my bra and my tits burst free which I found exciting. He
played with my nipples sucking tweaking and getting them very erect. Suddenly
the things he had in his hand were on my nipples, it was a sudden shock as he
applied the nipple clamps. They were connected by a chain which he tied a
fishing line to and he through this into the water after he applied some bait.
The lake was only feet away and I watch the float appear on the lake, I had
heard that there were a lot of fish in this lake.

By now my arms were killing me held high as they were. He had that under control
he applied a belt around my waist and tied a  rope to the front and then pulled
it through my crotch and up my back. He released my hand but before I could do
anything he had pulled them over my head and tied them to the rope pulling them
down my back.

As I tried to easy the strain it pulled on my crotch and split my arse. Without
any warning I felt a tug on my tits, I had caught a fish and as it fought it
pulled my tits like crazy.  It felt like a big fish and I walked towards the
lake to easy the tension. He prevented me doing this by whipping my arse or my
tits every time I moved to the lake. I was going craze as the fish was pulling
my tits like mad and my arse was on fire from the whip.

I n the end I collapsed on the floor in one big orgasm.  He released the fish as
I lay there recovering. Before I realized he undid my crotch rope and inserted a
vibrator in me which he could operate by remote control. He tested it several
times to make sure it worked.  He then started ripping my skirt almost up to the
waist down both seams.

He then took out some wide clear tape which he wound round the base of each tit
several times making my tits swell up and hard and they seamed twice there
normal size. He realised my hands and made me get dressed. My skirt now with the
two splits up each side revealed everything when I walked. My blouse was see
through and my bra was struggling to keep my swollen tits in place and I felt
sure they would pop out at any moment.

I had a belt around my skirt which he tied my thumbs to with electrical ties,
they were invisible but very effective. We will now go on an adventure he said,
I couldn't believe he expected me to walk like this in public and told him so.
He replied with a flick of the cane to my tits and I decide to walk as he told
me. We walked back through the woods and along the path to the car park. I was
petrified as anyone looking could see my tits bellowing out and my knickers and
stocking as I walked.

As we entered the car park he told me to go to his car, which was on the far
side of the park. As I walked a group of people approached us and as they got
near the bastard started the vibrator. It came as a surprise and I could barley
walk and act normally. They didn't actually seem to notice though one man did
get a good look at my arse.

I stopped by his car unable to get in tied as I was. He unlocked the car and
took his time opening the door for me. I sat in the car with some difficulty and
he put on my seat belt and he then put the ball back into my mouth and sealed it
in place with flesh coloured tape and then put on some dark glasses which didn't
allow me to see anything. I had to sit there as we drove through the countryside
not being able to speak with my aching tits and the vibrator which he kept
turning on for short times.

We stopped and he got me out of the car and led me forward as I couldn't see I
had to be guided by Dave. We eventual stopped and I felt cuffs being put round
my wrist and ankles, he the removed my skirt and blouse leaving me stood in my
bra stocking and panties. I felt my arms pulled out to my sides by ropes
attached to my wrist cuffs and then my legs were pulled out wide as well.

He removed the dark glasses so I could see, I had no idea were we were except
that it was in the country as I was tied between two trees. Get your tits out he
ordered, he must be joking I thought how does he expect me to do that tied as I
am. I sudden whip on my arse told me he wasn't joking. The only thing I could do
was bounce my tits to try and make them pop out of the bra. After several my
strokes of the cane they did bounce free much to my relief. I say relief her I
was again somewhere in the country with my tits out and in my panties and
stocking with this man.

He spent some time teasing me by sucking on my tits and then starting the
vibrator, never allowing me to get over excited. I was getting very frustrated
and hot, my arse was sore as he gave it the occasional whip and he whips my tits
as well.

He finally got fed up doing this and he undid my legs and started wrapping them
tightly together with cling film. He stopped short of my arse and went off
behind the trees and came back with gloves on clutching some leaves, which he
stuffed down my knickers. He continued up my body with the cling film. He
realised my arms   from the trees and tied them by my side as he continued up my
body with the cling film.

He didn't just put a single layer but just kept wrapping more layers, reaching
my tits he left them exposed by going under, between and around them. By now I
had realised that the plants were nettles as my arse was feeling the stings. Now
I was fully covered in cling film all the way up to my neck and I could hardly
move and being a hot day I was sweating like mad. He removed my gag and gave me
a drink and then poured the rest of the bottle inside my cocoon.

He re gagged me with a harness gag, which had a ring sticking out of the gag. He
applied some more nipple clamps to my poor tits and pulled the connecting chain
through the ring in the gag forcing me to put my head right down.

He now lay me on my back between the trees as I tried to plead with him. All
that came out were grunts. I am going now he said I will wait for you at the
bottom of the path pointing were he was going to go. All you have to do is get
yourself down there before everyone from work clocks off and walks down this
way. I was mortified here I was nearly nude with my tits swelling out like organ
stops in the middle of a wood that my staff may use on their way home very soon.

He walked off into the distance as I tried to wiggle my way to follow him.
Movement was nearly imposable cling filmed as I was and every movement meant I
pulled on my own tits. A couple of times the vibrator started  and I guessed the
bastard must be near laughing at me. It took a long time to travel even a short
distance and I had several orgasms.

I was really worked up knowing that at any moment someone I knew could come
round the corner and find me. I eventual got to the end of the path and to my
surprise I found I wasn't in the country but in Dave's back garden, I had been
safe all the time without knowing it. He pulled me down his lawn and sat me down
and cut the cling film off me. He attached a collar around my neck and chained
me to a tree, he took my gag out and undid my arms. I was bathed in sweat so he
got out the hosepipe and hosed me down with cold water which was heaven.

He gave me a drink and we talked about the experience. I had never had so much
excitement in my life and I yeaned for more I told him. He told me to rest for a
while and then we would see. I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I
knew Dave was back with Sue one of my sectaries from the office. She was a young
woman about 25 years and always wore a short skirt and low top showing off her
large tits. I suddenly realised I was still sitting chained to the tree in my
panties and stocking with this women looking at me.

Sue is one of my slaves he said bringing me back to reality she thought you
would be up for it that how I knew about you. I was a bit shocked by this but I
didn't know what to say. Sue is going to join you in bondage Dave said and he
then told her to get her top and skirt off. She did it without question and I
had to admire her body and her very sexy shiny black underwear which was like a
second skin on her arse and her tits struggled to stay in the skimpy bra and
they burst free as she removed the bra. She too wore stocking and suspenders,
which showed off her legs beautifully.

She open her mouth obediently as he placed a huge ball gag in her mouth he had
to really push it into he mouth as it was so big and it had a stick inside the
ball which was attached to a second ball. After he had strapped her in good and
proper he got me to my feet and pushed the other ball in my mouth, I panicked as
I thought it was to large but it did go in and fill my mouth. He strapped me up
as well and the straps were very tight, we couldn't move very much attached by
these ball gags all we could do is stare at each other.

He tied are arms to our thighs and then hobbled our legs with chains so we could
only move a few inches. Using duct tape he taped our arms tight to our sides
above and bellow our tits, which made our tits, stick out like mad. He showed us
some vicious nipple clamps with fine teeth on them and I jumped as he put them
on. They had only a light spring so they weren't too bad once they were on.

He then tipped some sticky Honey all over us and rubbed it into our tits and
arses. It felt quit nice to start with. By now we were both drooling all down
are chins and every were, it was strange being this close to a women and not
being able to get away.

The reason for the honey became apparent as bees and wasp started settling on us
they tickled and worried us and we both struggled to get out of their way.  The
clamps, which didn't hurt much at, first suddenly hurt like hell as we squashed
each others tits trying to get away from the insects. We tried to move away but
being hobbled together it was very slow and painful; the only place to make for
was the garden sprinkler, which may wash off the sticky stuff.

It took us ages to get to it and we just stood over it getting soaking wet, the
water was cold and as it moved it penetrated all the right spots and was very
sensual. We spent the next few hours bound in the garden in all sorts of
positions from the swing to the wheelbarrow. Eventual we were released and I got
to go home but work would never be the same again.




Bound At Work
Part two

Dave had suggested I have my nipples pierced and a few days latter I went with
him to his friends and had them done. His friend fitted the rather large rings
and then sealed them shut so I couldn't take them out. The constant weight of
the rings kept my tits alive with their constant bouncing. I worried that
someone at the office may see them.

A few days later I was in my office when Dave entered and said he had a surprise
for me. He showed me some pictures he had taken of me at the last bondage
session. He said it would be fun to pass them around the office. He frightened
me a little.

Get your skirt off he said. I explained that anyone could come in at any moment
but he ignored this comment and waived the pictures at me. Reluctantly I removed
my skirt and stood there in my shiny green panties and my garter belt and
stockings.

 He told me to sit down in my big swivel chair. As soon as I was seated he
fastened my wrist to the arm of the chair with an electrical tie, one around my
upper arm quickly followed this. He then showed me a little vibrator with a pump
attached. He parted my legs pulled my panties aside and inserted it inside me.

He started pumping and I felt the vibrator grow inside me getting bigger and
bigger. When it had filled me to the maximum he removed the pump pulled my
panties back and put the control panel on the desk. He then started undoing my
blouse and then he undid my matching green bra to leave my tits totally exposed.
I started complaining again so he said he would take care of that.

He stuffed my mouth with 3 pair of panties he had in his case(that dam case) and
pulled a stocking over my head. He cut a hole for my nose and then started
wrapping tape around my mouth over the stocking, he didn't stop till my face was
covered with only my eyes and nose left free. I was now totally silent.

He lifted my legs up onto the desk and spread them. This meant anyone coming in
would see me bound gagged and showing my panties. He took some string and bent
my legs slightly. Then putting on plastic gloves he rubbed itching powder into
my nipples. Finally he attached the string to my big toes and then to my nipple
rings. I was in a difficult position as the chair rocked very easily.

See you later he said have fun he turned on the vibrator and left closing the
door as he went. I sat there petrified what if some one came in now and found me
like this? By then the vibrator was getting to me and not only that the itching
powder was driving my nipples mad. I found a delicate balance of pulling my
nipples by moving my legs, which eased the itching, but too much and it was
painful.

I seemed to be there forever as each minute meant someone could come in and find
me, what would I tell them?  I didn't know Sue was outside and would stop
anyone.

Suddenly the door opened, my god I thought and came back to reality. It was Sue
and she laughed at my predicament.  She took a pair of scissors from the desk
and cut my blouse and bra off and then untied me. I have a new bra for you she
said holding up two steel rings joined by a bit of leather and a strap.

She approached me and tried to put my tits in the rings, they wont fit I told
her. With both hands she pulled a ring which was spring loaded it went over my
tit and when it was on the base she let it go. It gripped my tit and made it
swell and stick out like a basin. She did the same to the other one and then
fastened the straps at the back. I now looked like I was all tits and  showing
them off to everyone.

On your knees she said, I looked at her not believing what I was hearing but she
just said photos. I did as I was told. Crawl around on your hands and knees she
instructed. I hesitated and she whacked my arse with a ruler.  She laughed at
the way my tits bounced as I crawled. After five minutes she got board and said
it was time to go.

I cant go anywhere like this I said, she brought my coat over and I put it on,
it just came below my stocking tops and I was worried if I moved that I would
show my suspenders. I fastened the coat but she came over with the scissors and
cut off all the buttons. Come on she said follow me. She opened the door and I
grabbed my coat and held it shut and followed her out of my office. I had no
choice as the door was open people could see in anyway.

We entered the main office with hundreds of people working the bitch stopped to
chat to her friend while I stood there terrified that people could see what was
going on. She even dropped some papers on the floor and asked me to pick them
up. I picked them up terrified my coat would come open but I think I got away
with it. We walked through the office towards the lifts the corridor to the
lifts was empty.

At the lift she pressed the button and the lift came and the doors opened she
stepped aside so I could enter which I did. Before I realised what she was doing
she pulled my coat off, I was so shocked I didn't have time to fight it. See you
in the sub basement she said, I panicked here I was dressed in my panties garter
belt and strange bra with a huge vibrator inside me, and people could come along
at any second . I pushed the door close button franticly and then pressed the
sub basement. Why the sub basement I thought no one ever goes there, as it's
dirty very hot and dark filled with rubbish and pipes.

The door closed and the lift started, what if someone stopped the lift on the
next floor? What would I tell them? Fortunately no one did and the doors open in
the basement, I didn't know what I would find and if there would be anyone
there. The doors opened and there stood Sue with her brief case. This way she
said.

I stepped out of the lift just in time as the doors shut behind me. I followed
Sue through the dark hot rooms until we reach a dirty old room with a door in
it, she unlocked the door and we entered.  It was a dingy room like the rest it
had pipes in it. In the centre of the room was a very big pipe going up through
the ceiling and it was very hot not hot enough to burn but still very hot.

Come over here she said standing by the pipe. She produced a chain and two
padlocks from her case. Before I knew what she was doing she snapped a padlock
through one end of the chain and through a nipple ring. She let the padlock drop
as it was heavy it pulled on my sensitive nipples, she took the chain around the
pipe and attached the other end to my other nipple again with a padlock. The
cunning part about it was that the chain was just the right size and left about
a quarter of an inch between my nipples and the hot pipe.

If I stood still it was ok but any movement meant my nipples touched the hot
pipe. See you in a bit she said and closed the door locked it and turned out the
light. I was now tethered by my nipples to the pipe my hands were free and so
were my legs but I couldn't do anything. I seemed to be there for ages trying to
stand still so I didn't get my nipples heated, I toyed with the idea of turning
on the vibrator which was still inside me but thought it would make me move to
much.

The light came on and the door open in came Sue and Jane a new girl in the
office my god I thought is everyone in on this. She was dressed in only her red
undies stocking garter belt and red bra and she had a heavy chain strapped
around her neck. Sue approached me and stuffed a ball gag in my mouth. She then
locked the other end of the chain around my neck and padlocked it. Finally she
handcuffed me and removed my nipple chain and the vibrator and then replacing
the bra with a normal one. We are off for a punishment evening but first we must
pick up some of you cloths she said.


She lead us out through the basement, here we were dressed in our sexy undies
strolling down the hall were hundreds of people normally walk chained together
and couldn't complain because of the gags. She took us to the car park and
loaded us up into a van we were terrified some one would see us but no one did
as they had all gone home.

We arrived at my house and we were dragged in still chained hoping next door
didn't see us. She took us into the bedroom and went through my draws. We were
totally embarrassed as he examined my sexy underwear; she found some, which she
stuffed, into a bag.

After half an hour he had been through my entire house and recovered some
dresses and undies. We were placed on our knees as they rummaged through the
stuff. Having finished they had all my cloths in a bag and said we would now
head off to be start our punishment.

She took some of the kickers and asked us what we liked about them? She said as
we liked them so much we could use them and stuffed 3 pairs in our mouths and
sealed them in with duct tape to keep us silent.

We were marched out to the van still chained and gagged   the man next door saw
what was going on and stood there staring and to make things worse one of my
tits worked its self free from my bra. I tried to cover myself but it was
impossible. The van drove off and after about 20 mins stopped and the doors
opened.

We were at Daves large house in the country and they dragged us out and up to
the house. A rather bossy posh women who told Sue to fetch us through greeted
us. They split us up and took us to separate rooms.

 The women looked me over like a piece of meat and told me I could wait on at
the party. She allowed me to clean myself up and then on my return she fitted a
very wide collar around my neck, which didn't allow me to look down. My hands
were cuffed behind me and attached to the collar so they were right up my back
and forced my tits out. I thought they would pop my bra but she solved that by
removing it.

Chains were attached to my ankles so I was hobbled. She then produced a serving
tray which had a steel belt and two straps which went over my shoulder and
around my neck. She produced a harness gag with a very big ball attached which I
felt sure wouldn't go into my mouth. She made sure it was forced in and it
filled my mouth.

She explained that all I had to do was serve the drinks and keep doing it all
night. She placed a paddle on the front of the tray and said this was to be used
if the customers weren't satisfied.

She led me to the kitchen and a girl filled my tray with drinks, she then led me
across the hall and into a large room with lots of strangely dressed people and
I walked around and served the drinks. A few of the men fondled my tits and arse
but all was going well.  I was on my 4 tray when it happened I turned around and
smashed the tray into some posh women and spilt the drinks all over her.

Ever one looked and then started saying pole pole. I didn't understand until the
women came over and said I was to be punished. I was dragged to the centre of
the room were there was a horizontal pole. A man approached me with some clips
and chain. I could not see properly because of the collar but soon yelled out
when he put the clips on my nipples and let the chain drop.

They positioned me over the rail and jacked it up so it was touching my crotch
they said that I must of played the kids game with a bent wire and a buzzer. In
the kids game it sets off a buzzer but in this game if you touch the pole you
get a shock not a dangerous one but still painful. I was told if I stopped I
would be whipped.

You have ten seconds from now get on your toes unless you want a shock. I soon
got on my toes. Go someone said. I started to walk on tiptoes and looked down to
make sure I wasn't going to get shocked. That was my first mistake looking down
made the chain from my tits hit the pole and I felt a sudden pain in my tits.
The shock made me put my feet down and of coarse I got a shock in my crotch as
well.

Everyone laughed and said I have to start again every time I messed up, so they
took me back to the beginning. A man came over and said lets make it more
interesting as he sprayed me on the tits and my kickers with a soda siphon. This
would make the shock better he said.

I tried again but slower this time which earned me a cane on my arse, which I
managed to control and keep going, but soon slipped up again and had to go back
to the beginning. It took me ages to complete the course and received several
shocks on the way.

Having finished I was taken over to a pole on a podium which was about 3-4ft
high and my neck collar was locked to the top of the pole. They let my hands go
which was a relieve but it did me no good. It was very awkward as it was too
high to kneel and I couldn't stand up straight. It was very tiring and I kept
trying to get some sort of comfortable position but it was impossible.

The party continued and most of the people ignored me as other girls were having
fun on the pole or other games. The odd one came over and smacked my arse of
felt my tits, which I couldn't resist even though my arms were loose. I was
getting tired of trying to get comfortable. It just seemed to get worse. I then
realized that the pole was slowly going down on its own. After half an hour it
was level with the floor and I had to lie face down and I had no movement.

To make matters worse the podium felt like sandpaper and lying face down my tits
were hurting after a few mins it slowly started to lift up and before long it
reach 5 ft or so and I was standing on my toes praying it would go any higher or
it would strangle me.

The women came over to me with Jane in tow she had just done the pole and it was
her turn for the podium. The women inserted and vibrator into and then applied
cuffs to my wrist and after securing Jane took me over to the centre of the
room.

There were to pillars in the centre of the room and she wasted no time attaching
my cuffs to ropes, which went to the pillars. She then pulled them tight so my
arms were at right angles to the floor. My legs were tied as well and pulled
wide so I was like a star. She produced some nipple clamps with some sort of
plastic weight on them; the wires from the vibrator were then attached to the
funny weights.

Dave came over with a riding crop and walked around me teasing me. Suddenly he
whacked my arse a couple of times, I felt the vibrator start and then stop. The
same thing happened again. I then worked out that any movement of the plastic
weights started the vibrator, they were some kind of switch.

After 10 mins of this going on I was really horny but the vibrator didn't go on
long enough for me to have an orgasm.  Dave whipped my tits and this really set
the vibrator off. He stopped again and removed my gag and asked me what I
wanted. I want to come please I said. He whipped my tits again and stopped, by
now I didn't care I must come I thought and screamed at him " for gods sake whip
my tits more" The crowd loved it and as he whipped them I tried to make them
bounce so the vibrator would keep going. More I shouted whip my tits more.
Finally I came with a huge orgasm and then sank from the effort.

They let me go and took me off to recover as Jane took my place. As they led me
off I caught site of my self in the mirror and saw the whip marks on my tits.
Look at them I said but Dave simply said you didn't complain before. He rubbed
some ointment on my tits to easy the pain and left me in a side room.

I went home a happy boss and felt there was more fun to come but thought I must
get my own back on Jane and Sue. I feel sure I will soon.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jan Wright


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





