BDSM Library - Honeymoon




Honeymoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An arrogant multibillionaire is forced to watch as his trophy bride, a gorgeous young Asian, is ravished by a huge-dicked superstud.
       Send comments to bigone@maileditor.com
      
      
       HONEYMOON
      
       By Harry Kuntz
      
       I
      
       Barton had been treating the kid with contempt from the moment they met. 
And no one knew how to show contempt better than Barton.  John Barton.  The
terror of Wall Street.  Thirty-eight years old, and officially worth three
billion dollars.  Some people said it was more like twenty times that, that he
could buy and sell Bill Gates and Warren Buffett with his spare change any time
he wanted to.
      
       And he had made every penny of it himself, by out-toughing the other
tough sons of bitches on Wall Street.  Hundreds of mergers he had forced down
their unwilling throats.  And he made them wallow in their defeats. Hundreds of
former top bananas had been forced to accept Barton's deals on Barton's terms. 
And Barton's terms always included two things: enormous profits for John Barton,
and the loser kissed John Barton's ass.  Literally.  And not just on the buns. 
The former CEO's on Barton's payroll had two things in common.  They had tasted
Barton's shit-lined rectum.  And they had begged for the privilege.  They had
seen plenty of execs just like themselves go down to ruin for displeasing Barton
in the slightest way.
      
       Now John Barton was starting on his honeymoon. It was his second
marriage.  He had dropped his first wife, Fran, who had begun showing signs of
middle age. Fran had hired one of the best known divorce lawyers in the country. 
Barton had toughed him out the same as he toughed out every other son of a bitch
who tried to cross him.  Now the lawyer was nursing his wounds, Fran was living
on $30,000 a year, and Barton was enjoying his billions.
      
       He had married a babe.  An incredibly beautiful Asian girl named Kim. 
Just looking at her straight black hair, her incredibly soft, smooth skin, her
beautiful features, her willowy body, drove him crazy.  She was 22 years old,
sixteen years younger than him.  And it wasn't just that she was a babe.  She
had brains. She had graduated first in her class at a top university.  She had
been engaged to an Asian American boy who graduated a year ahead of her, the
only boy friend she had ever had.  Then she had received an internship to work
one summer in the executive offices at Barton's Wall Street headquarters.
      
       After one look and a few conversations, Barton knew he had to have this
girl.  He went ahead and got his divorce from Fran, something he had already
decided to do anyway.  He just blew away Kim's fiance, dazzling her with what he
could buy for her, the places he could take her, the people he could introduce
her to.  What impressed her more than anything was the force of his character. 
She could see his strength in his every movement.  And she saw that the most
powerful people in the world cowered before him.  John Barton always got what he
wanted, and Kim loved him for that.  The fiance was history, and John Barton and
Kim were man and wife.
      
       There was just one fly in Barton's ointment, one that he could never
completely put out of his mind, though almost no one knew of it and no one knew
how much it preyed on him.  Sexually, the great John Barton was a grade A wimp. 
Maybe that was what drove him to outcompete everyone who crossed him, to prove
that he had more balls than everyone else.  Because in fact, he had less.  Much
less.  His tiny prick could hardly be seen in his pubic hair when it was soft. 
When it was "hard," it was barely three inches long, was thinner than his index
finger, and, in truth, was not very hard at all.   His balls were tinier than
marbles.  He had trouble coming more than two or three times in a week, and when
he came, only a few drops of thin, almost water-like cum was ejected.  Whether
it was Fran or Kim or any of the other women who were attracted by his money and
his power, whenever he fucked them they always had to ask if it was "in" and
whether he had cum.
      
       Barton wanted an heir and Kim wanted a baby.  But he had tried to get
Fran pregnant for years, with no success.  The best medical specialists in the
world had been consulted.  There was nothing wrong with Fran.  It was just that
Barton's undersized testicles produced such little sperm, the odds were against
him.  Following his doctors' advice, Barton had abstained from all sex for over
a month prior to this honeymoon.  The wedding had been timed so that Kim would
be at the peak of her fertility cycle.  And she was taking fertility drugs.  The
doctors told them that with these steps, Barton had a reasonable chance of
making Kim pregnant.  But things weren't fated to turn out that way.




       II
      
       So now he and Kim were on their honeymoon.  The island resort in the
Caribbean she had selected was probably the most exclusive and the most
expensive in the world.  They had the most expensive villa--$40,000 a night it
would cost him.  The resort consisted of the whole island.  Each villa was
isolated.  Theirs was more than two miles from any other habitation.  It was
huge and breathtaking, spectacularly furnished, and located on their own private
pearl of a beach.  There was a whole staff of servants and cooks assigned to
their villa alone, but the layout was cleverly designed so that only the Guest
Services Officer assigned to them would have any contact with them.  He would
deal with the rest of the staff.  They would have complete privacy in
unparalleled luxury.
      
       The Guest Services Officer was a twenty-year-old named Rod Powers.  Rod
was as perfect a specimen of the male of the human species as Kim was of the
female.  Short blonde hair; a face that had classic, masculine beauty; a broad,
strong chest that was muscular but not muscle-bound; narrow hips; a perfectly
trim ass; long, powerful legs--he had the whole package  People said he had
movie star looks, but no one could ever think of a movie star who looked as good
as he did.  And he had an enormous bulge at the crotch of his faded jeans.
Barton noticed that bulge immediately, and was stung with envy.  But he figured
the kid must have some cloth stuffed in there.   He must have!
      
       Rod greeted them at the airport. The men who could afford to stay at this
resort were the richest and most powerful in the world, and they brought with
them the most stunningly beautiful and most pampered women in the world.  Rod
had seen hundreds of them, but he had never seen the equal of Kim.  For her
part, Kim didn't miss any aspect of Rod's manly attraction.  When he shook her
hand, she looked in his strong, clear eyes, caught a whiff of his male scent,
and became dizzy with a sensation she had never felt before.  But Kim had been
strictly brought up as a Catholic and adhered to a strong moral code.  The idea
of being unfaithful to her husband could never have entered her head.  She could
be interested in a man as hunky as Rod, but she could not be tempted.
      
       But to Barton, any decent-looking man was a rival and a stud like Rod was
dangerous.  Barton was painfully aware that his beautiful trophy of a wife was
much closer in age to Rod--the "kid" was what Barton insisted on calling
him--than she was to himself.  Barton's reaction was instinctive.  Confronted
with any kind of a rival, Barton set out to humiliate him, to emasculate him. 
This kid was going to be the only person he and Kim would see for the next two
weeks.  Barton was going to show him who was boss.  He'd have Rod kissing the
famous Barton ass early and often--figuratively at least, and maybe even
literally.  Kim wouldn't be attracted to a kid, no matter how much of a stud he
looked, once she saw him kowtowing to her all-powerful husband.  Just the
opposite.  Once she saw him subjugate this handsome kid, his own god-like power
would be more firmly established in her adoring eyes, the most beautiful eyes he
had ever seen.
      
       He looked into those eyes as they drove in the limousine to the villa. 
God, he loved her.  He actually thought he might be able to fuck her twice
today, something he had never before accomplished.




       III
      
       Rod was pissed.  He'd dealt with assholes like this before, guys who
thought they could use their money to put him down.  But Rod always had his
revenge.  He loved this job.  The most beautiful women in the world came here,
and he fucked them at will.
      
       He particularly loved honeymooners.  There was nothing like seducing a
woman on her honeymoon.  Rod had plucked plenty of cherries, and there's no
doubt about it, he thought, fucking a virgin is sweet.  But that other
virginity--the wife who's never given her cunt to a man other than her husband
since she's been married--plucking that cherry was an even greater thrill.  And
the creme de la creme was getting them on their honeymoons.  Especially when
they were as gorgeous and sophisticated as the brides who came to this posh
resort.
      
       The job of "Guest Services Officer" at this resort was a coveted one. 
While the guests were on the island, the GSO arranged everything for them.  He
was the only human contact the guests had with the resort while they were here,
unless they wanted specialized services such as a tennis coach.  The reputation
of the resort--and its ability to charge sky-high prices--depended on the
flawless service the Guest Services Officers could provide.  Their salaries
started at $250,000 a year, and they made at least that much in tips.
      
       Rod Powers had only been on the staff two years, but he was already the
top-ranked assistant on the staff.  He was permanently assigned to the most
expensive villa, catering to the most extravagant guests.  His salary was
$750,000.  He made many times that much in tips.  He was invaluable to the
management of the resort.  Did they know that his enormous popularity with the
guests derived from the special service he was able to provide between the
outspread legs of  the wives?  Probably.  So what?  So long as the customers
were happy....
      
       Usually, it was no problem for Rod to seduce the brides on honeymoon. 
His sexual power was too much for the human female to resist.  But sometimes, if
he got annoyed by their snooty attitudes,  he raped them.  He might force them
the first time, but they always begged for it the second time.  And the third. 
And the fourth. And so on.
      
       John Barton was getting Rod angry.  Ordering him around in an arrogant
way, finding the most degrading things for him to do.  Three times before they
had reached the villa, Barton had found some task for Rod to do that required
him to kneel down on the ground.  And then Barton had always positioned himself
so that Rod was staring right into Barton's ass, just inches away.  And there
was always a suppressed smile on Kim's face.  It was Barton's ability to
dominate others that made her love him.
      
       When Rod got mad, he got even.  He was going to fuck Barton's trophy
bride all right.  And he wasn't going to seduce her.  He was going to rape her. 
He'd do it right in front of Barton's eyes.  He'd use the Asian babe to
humiliate Barton.  Rod could see that Barton really did love her.  Good.  Barton
would get paid back for his little stunts.  With interest.
      
       Rod wasn't worried about getting into trouble with his employers.  Once
he fucked Kim, she'd be so attached to him that she wouldn't let Barton harm him
in any way.  And she could control Barton, that was obvious.  The bosses would
never find out about what he did.




       IV
      
       When they got to the villa, there was plenty of luggage for Rod to carry
inside.  Barton found as many tasks for him to perform, as many things for him
to move around, as he could think of.  Then he dismissed him:
      
       "Look, kid, if you want a tip at the end of this gig, stay out of our
hair.  You do what you're told and you show respect, you understand?  You can
start by calling me sir, and thank us when either one of us gives you an order."
      
       They were in the living room of the villa when Barton said this, a room
the size of a football field. But Barton did not get the groveling response he
expected.  Moving suddenly, Rod smashed his fist into Barton's stomach.  Barton
doubled over, gasping for breath.
      
       "No, you arrogant son of a bitch, you're going to do what I say."
      
       Rod said these words with an icy determination that was more impressive
than anger would have been.  Barton was in greater pain than he had ever
experienced, still trying desperately to find his breath.  Barton had done some
boxing, and he had done it as competitively as he did everything else in life. 
He had been a semi-finalist in the intercollegiate boxing tournament in his
weight range, and had competed against talented competitors who could hit hard. 
But he had never experienced anything remotely comparable to the blow he had
just received.  Rod had moved as fast as a cheetah and with the power of a jet
engine.
      
       "Let's see if you understand, bozo," Rod continued, after several
minutes, when Barton finally seemed to be able to breathe.  "Take off all your
clothes."
      
       "You must be crazy," Barton murmured through his rasping gasps.
      
       The second blow to the stomach was even harder than the first.  Barton
was on the floor, doubled up in incredible pain.  His internal organs!  Barton
didn't think he could survive another blow like that.  He was on the ground in
agony for ten minutes.  Kim, cowering in a corner, was terrified.
      
       When Rod judged that Barton finally could move, he said, "I'll give you
one more chance.  Get up and get all your clothes off."
      
       Slowly and in great pain, Barton got up.  He unbuttoned his shirt and
removed it, then his undershirt.  He removed his shoes and socks, then his
trousers.  He was left in a pair of jockey shorts.  He paused, but Rod gestured
for him to go on.  Barton blushed.  He hated to expose his undersized cock to
another man, especially this young stud.  Plenty of men had seen Barton's rosy
asshole, a lot closer up than they wanted to.  No man other than a doctor had
seen his dick.
      
       The jockey shorts went down, and Rod let out an explosion of laughter.
      
       "You call that a dick!  Oh, man, I've seen women with nipples bigger than
that."
      
       Barton was burning with humiliation.  That he should have to suffer this,
and with Kim watching!
      
       "All right, Nipple-dick, carry that wooden chair into the bedroom.  Put
it down facing the bed, nice and close."
      
       Whether because of the humiliation of being naked before Kim and this
stud, or because he could still feel the injury Rod had inflicted with those two
sledgehammer blows from his fist, Barton had no thought of resisting.  He picked
up the chair.  The blow to his chin came lightning fast.  This time, Rod had
pulled his punch, but it was enough to make Barton see stars.
      
       "You call me SIR when I give you an order, and thank me," he bellowed.
      
       Humbly, softly, Barton replied:  "Yes, sir!  Thank you, sir!".
      
       "That's better.  Now carry that chair over to the bed and sit down." 
Barton did as he was told.  Rod signaled to the petrified Kim to follow.  She
did, and Rod followed her into the bedroom.  Barton was seated, close to the bed
and facing it. The bed was enormous, more than half again the size of a
king-sized bed.
      
       Earlier, when all the moving of luggage was going on, Rod had brought
into the bedroom unnoticed a bag of his own.  He now opened it and handed Kim
some lengths of rope.
      
       "Here lady, tie your limp dick of a husband to the chair.  Tie his ankles
and his wrists."
      
       Kim was in tears.  "No, please don't make me," she whimpered.
      
       He slapped her face.  Hard enough to cause serious pain. 
      
       "Look, bitch," said Rod, "if I have to hit you as hard as the old fart,
I'll do it."
      
       Barton almost panicked. Rod would kill Kim if he hit her nearly that
hard.  "Do as he says, darling," he said softly.
      
       So Kim tied her new husband to the chair.
      
       "Now, you get your clothes off and get on the bed," Rod said to her.
      
       "NO," screamed both Kim and Barton simultaneously, as they suddenly saw
where this was going.
      
       Rod removed a knife from his belt and held it to Barton's neck.  "Do you
want me to cut your husband's throat," he said.
      
       Kim immediately began to undress.  Her fingers were shaking, but with
difficulty she got her dress off.  Then her bra.  Her breasts were a little
bigger than average for an Asian girl, and perfectly shaped.  She saw there was
no chance of Rod's relenting, so she went right to her panties, pulling them
down and stepping out of them.
      
       God, she was magnificent!  Both men felt it.  Her skin was so perfectly
soft and smooth.  Her body so firm and perfectly shaped.  Her waist was tiny,
but her hips curved out gracefully.  Her cunt was covered with a large, thick
triangle of jet black fleece.  Barton couldn't help himself.  His dick was
enlarging.
      
       Rod was dazzled by Kim's naked perfection, but he noticed Barton's loins
stirring.  Another bellow of laughter.
      
       "That's your hard-on?  I've seen six year old boys with more than that,
Nipple-dick.  Come here bitch!"
      
       Fearfully, Kim went over to the chair.  Rod gave her face another hard
slap.
      
       "Thank me when I give you an order, bitch!"
      
       "Yes, sir!  Thank you, sir!"
      
       "Hold that tiny thing and wiggle it around," Rod told her.
      
       "Yes, sir!  Thank you, sir!"
      
       With her thumb and index finger, she held her husband's  tiny hard-on,
which was thinner than either of her fingers holding it.  She wiggled it around. 
There was only a little stiffness.
      
       Rod couldn't contain his laughter.  Finally, he said to Kim, "Seriously,
bitch, no matter how much money he's got, how could a babe like you marry this
limp dick?"
      
       Kim said nothing.  She was burning with humiliation.  For herself and for
her husband.  Physical paragon or not, she hated this young man as she had never
hated anyone in her life.
      
       Rod shoved her to the bed, sitting her down on the edge, facing him.  He
told her to open her knees wide, giving him a clear view of her luscious cunt. 
      
       "Yes, sir!  Thank you, sir!"
      
       She obeyed.  Barton gritted his teeth, helplessly, not willing to object
and risk another blow.
      
       "Fortunately, for both of you, there's a man here who can consummate this
marriage for you," he said.  He began removing his shirt.
      
       Kim was panicking with fear.  "Please, please don't do this to me!" she
pleaded.
      
       Rod gave her another slap, harder than before.  Kim was burning with
pain.  She couldn't take another blow like that!
      
       Rod had his shirt off.  Kim was in a turmoil.  She had very conservative
views of sex, and the idea of being raped was absolutely horrible to her.  She'd
rather die.  But the pain in her jaw was making it hard for her to think
clearly.  And her body was reacting to the sight of Rod disrobing.  That chest! 
His eyes!  She had fallen in love with Barton's power.  It seemed to her so
manly.  But Rod was showing power--raw, physical power--that put Barton to
shame.  He was manliness in the flesh.  She had never been so affected.   He was
close to her, and with every breath, unknowingly, she was inhaling his
pheromones.  Invisible hormones that slipped beneath her consciousness, and
caused electricity to flow out from her cunt and her tits to her whole body. 
She was in panic over the prospect of being raped, and yet she could feel the
liquids flowing in her cunt.
      
       Rod quickly removed his sandals and was unbuckling and dropping his
jeans.  He stepped out of them, covered only by an oversized pair of boxer
shorts.  Despite their looseness, they were tented out by an enormous bulge. 
Slowly, Rod  lowered his shorts, exposing first a thick cloud of fluffy, light
brown pubes.  Then the root of his manhood became visible.  It was incredibly
thick, stretching four inches across.
      
       Rod was standing so that both Kim and Barton had their faces within a
foot of his crotch.  Barton's own dick was in plain view. None of them could
miss seeing the contrast. Rod's soft dick was thicker than Barton's hard-on was
long.  The difference in their manhood was a painfully obvious fact for Barton
and for Kim. Rod enjoyed the sensation as he could see their faces, seeing them
looking at the two dicks and at each other..
      
       Then he resumed peeling down his shorts.  The enormous length of his soft
penis went on and on.  Finally, when the top of the shorts had almost reached
Rod's knees, the ridge came into view betokening the appearance of the enormous,
circumcised head.  The head mushroomed out, and added another two inches of
length.  Rod dropped his jeans to the floor.  His dick softly swayed, all twelve
incredibly thick inches of it.
      
       The huge dick did not hang straight down, because it was projected out
away from his body by the equally incredible testicles that supported it.  Half
again as large as jumbo eggs, they sat tightly in an enormous, downy sac.  The
seat of his manhood, these giant testicles produced a surplus of hormones.  From
their close proximity, Kim and Barton were hit with a blast of pheromones. 
These hormones worked with irresistible power on both sexes.  Neither Kim nor
Barton had ever been hit by such raw eroticism.  For the first time in his life,
Barton's hard-on, still microscopic, was actually hard!.  Kim's cunt was sopping
wet.
      
       Involuntarily, the words came out of Barton's mouth: "It's unbelievable! 
You're enormous!"
      
       Ever since adolescence, Barton had envied men who were well-hung.  His
dream, his wish, was to have the man's equipment that would make him as dominant
inside women's cunts as he was in the business world.  But in his wildest
dreams, he had never imagined being hung like this.  Despite his humiliation,
Barton could not stifle a feeling of the profoundest awe.
      
       Kim was not consciously aware of the pheromones that were playing with
her brain, but she was acutely aware of the visual shock.  Her fiance had been
possessed of a five-and-a-half inch dick.  His and Barton's were the only two
penises she had seen in her life.  She knew Barton was small, but she hadn't
thought it made any difference.  She had supposed her fiance had been
exceptionally large.  And she didn't think the size of a penis mattered at all,
except that men seemed to get all excited about it.
      
       That was then, this was now.  The sight of Rod's dick took her breath
away.  She was incredibly turned on.  She was also frightened.  That monster
would tear up her insides!  And she had not lost her morals.  She did not want
to be raped, she did not want to have sex with anyone but her husband!
      
       She begged again.  "Please, please, let me go.  We'll give you anything,
more money than you ever dreamed of.  Don't rape me.  PLEASE DON"T RAPE ME!"
      
       "Shut up, bitch, and lie back," was his only response.
      
       She tried to roll up in a ball and protect herself, but it was no use. 
He enjoyed her struggles.  He laid her out on her back, so that her hip was at
the side of the bed,  only inches from Barton's chair.  He wanted Barton to have
a good close-up look when his own manhood--manhood that Barton could only
envy--penetrated Barton's gorgeous bride.  He slapped her again, not as hard as
before, but painful enough to keep her still.
      
       Barton was desperate.  He couldn't move his arms or legs, which were tied
to the chair.  Even if he could, he knew from bitter experience that he was no
match for this virile young athlete. 
      
       "Please, he said, I'll give you anything.  You can be a billionaire.  You
can have all the women in the world.  Please, please don't touch my wife." 
      
       The last sentence was a wail.  Tears were washing his cheek
      
       Tears were also running down Kim's beautiful cheeks.  But her cunt was
even wetter than her eyes.  Rod laughed as he spread her legs and inserted two
long fingers through the soft, ebony fur and into her beautiful vagina.
      
       "Listen, Barton," he said.  "Can you hear how wet your wife is,  Listen
to the slurp as I move my fingers in and out of her pretty swamp."
      
       Every word was like a whiplash across Barton's back.
      
       Rod removed his soaking fingers and put them under Barton's nose.  "Smell
that, Nipple-dick," he said.  "I'll bet you've never seen your wife this
excited.  I'll bet you've never smelled so much cuntjuice in your life."
      
       Barton's tears flowed.  It was true.  He had never seen Kim nearly this
aroused.
      
       By now, the sight and feel and fragrance of Kim's cunt had been more than
enough to make Rod hard.  His dick had grown even thicker and longer.  He stood
up.
      
       "Here, Nipple-dick, I'll loosen your hand.  You want to feel what a real
dick feels like?"
      
       Barton could not resist.  He put his large hand on Rod's penis, the first
time he had ever felt another man.  His fingers were outstretched.  Thumb and
fingers could stretch no more than two-thirds of the way around Rod's girth. 
The penis was as hard as stone and incredibly hot to the touch.  Barton tried to
wiggle it.  It was too hard.  He couldn't move it the slightest bit. 
      
       Kim saw this.  "Oh, God, you're much too big for me.  You'll kill me. 
Please let me go, please!"
      
       "Don't' worry, bitch," Rod replied, as he got back down on top of her. 
"You'll take what I've got, and you'll thank God for every inch of it.  You're
about to find out what a real man can do for a woman.  And look at your excuse
for a husband.  He's harder than he was before.  It looks like it takes the
sight of a real man to turn him on.  All right, Nipple-dick, jack yourself off
while I give your wife the kind of fucking she'll never get from you."
      
       With that, he lined up the head of his dick against the fleecy exterior
of Kim's beautiful cunt.  It seemed like an oak log lined up against a key hole. 
But he pushed forward.  Thanks to the overflowing liquids in Kim's vagina, he
was able to get the head in.  Then, with slow, easy strokes, he gradually went
in an inch at a time.
      
       At first, Kim panicked, as she felt herself being stretched beyond
imagination.  But her cunt quickly accustomed itself to a stimulation she had
never known.  Neither her earlier fiance or Barton had ever been able to turn
her on with their penises.  She had thought she had just been born frigid. At
best she had experienced a few mild orgasms from their fingers or tongues.
      
       But what she was experiencing now was bringing her into a new world. 
Pleasure  nerves she never knew existed were being stimulated as her cunt was
stretched for the first time.  Only a couple of strokes after Rod inserted the
head of his cock, when only about four inches were in, Kim experienced an orgasm
far more intense than anything she had ever known.  But Rod was going deeper.
      
       Rod looked at Barton.  "Oh, your bitch's cunt is hot, man," he said. 
"I'm already in deeper than you'll ever be, Nipple-dick.  So take my word for
it, this is world-class cunt."
      
       Barton's humiliation was indescribable, as he watched another man fucking
his wife as he would never be able to.  Then a thought flashed through his mind. 
This rapist wasn't using protection!
      
       "Look, please!" he said.  "At least pull out before you come.  We timed
this honeymoon so she'd be at peak of her fertility cycle.  And she's been
taking fertility drugs.  Please don't make her pregnant!  You can give us that
much of a break."
      
       Rod smiled at Barton, still probing deeper into Barton's wife, never
missing a stroke.  He was about eight inches in, now, almost halfway.
      
       "I can see why your wife would have to take fertility drugs, limp-dick. 
And if she had to rely on her husband, I doubt if they would work.  But she
doesn't need to worry.  She'll be carrying a real man's child in her belly when
she leaves this island."  Rod knew he had fathered dozens of children in this
very bed, many of them planted in the bellies of pretty, young honeymooners. 
But none as beautiful as this one.  And he had two weeks!  There was no way
she'd get away from here without carrying his baby.
      
       Barton thought he had already descended as low as he could, but this
comment just deflated him.  His wife--the great John Barton's wife--would be
carrying another man's child.  And he knew that with Kim's religious
convictions, there was no point in even suggesting an abortion.
      
       Rod had gone back to full concentration on raping Barton's wife.  Barton
wanted to look away, but he couldn't.  He was hypnotized by the sight, only
inches from his eyes, of Rod's enormous piston going deeper and deeper into his
own wife's cunt.  He could smell the strong fragrance of sweat and sex from
their steaming crotches.  With each thrust, more of Rod's enormous shaft
disappeared beneath the thick dark curls that marked the portal to Kim's love
channel.  Then Rod would pull out almost to the limit, and then slowly plunge
back in, descending another inch.  Eleven inches!  Twelve inches!  Thirteen!
      
       There were still several inches of hard cock to go, but Kim was going
crazy.  She had never dreamed of being penetrated this deeply, she had no idea
of the pleasure centers inside her that had never before been plumbed.  Now
these pleasure nerves were all going off, and Kim thought she was losing her
sanity.  Orgasm after orgasm hit her, each one bigger than before.
      
       Finally, one more plunge, and Rod's hot iron penis was fully lodged
inside Kim's stretched vagina.  At thirteen inches, Rod had felt his tip touch
her cervix.  The next several strokes had stretched it back.  Finally, he had
penetrated the last barrier.  His shaft filled her love canal to its stretched
out capacity.  The head of his cock was in her womb itself.
      
       Now Rod began fucking Kim in earnest.  Her orgasms continued to build,
each one coming on the heels of the one before with greater and greater
intensity.  This went on for ten, fifteen, twenty minutes.  Barton, tied to his
chair, sat absorbed in the close-up view of the spoliation of his bride. 
Unconsciously, his thumb and index figure were rapidly stroking his own pathetic
weenie.  He came.  Just a few drops of nearly clear fluid oozed from the tiny
hole at the tip, which quickly receded beneath its nest of public hair.
      
       That left Barton free to concentrate solely on the humiliating sight of
his wife being fucked by this stud.  And by now, her orgasms were so intense and
coming so close together that they had run into each other.  She was in a
continuous state of orgasm, electricity running at unimaginable voltage through
her frame.  She thought she would die, she had no control of herself.  Perhaps
without realizing it, she was moaning, "Oh God, fuck me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me! 
Take me!  Fill me!  I can't stand it, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!  Never stop! 
Fuck me!  Fuck me!"
      
       Kim may not have known she was saying these words, non-stop.  But Rod
heard, and relished every word.  And Rod knew that Barton was hearing every
word.  Hearing his own trophy wife expressing the uncontrollable urge to be
fucked by her rapist!  This was just the beginning of payback! Rod loved it.
      
       The sight of Kim's fierce passion as this most beautiful of women was
utterly overcome by Rod's own sexual power, and the thought of the humiliation
Barton was suffering, finally became too intense.  Rod felt his climax coming
on.  He thrust faster and harder, and brought Kim to an even higher pitch.  She
was screaming now, a piercing scream that knifed right into Barton's heart.
      
       Then the moment came.  Rod's mammoth engine began bucking with incredible
force.  Kim's pelvis was whipped violently around by the first bursts.  Then she
felt the red-hot pellets, fired directly into her womb. Rod and Kim held each
other closely, lips locked and tongues entwined in a passionate kiss, each
simply overcome by the force of what they were feeling.
      
       Barton watched.  He had never felt this forlorn, this abandoned, in his
life.
      
       As they descended, Kim was in a new state.  After the fierceness of her
innumerable orgasms, she now felt a tranquility and contentment that she had
never known.  She held tightly to Rod.  He was her rapist.  He had violated her
person, stolen her dignity, trampled on her most deeply felt moral beliefs.
      
       And it didn't matter.  She hated him, fiercely.  But so what.  She would
do absolutely anything for him.  He was her master.  He was her man.  He and
only he could give her what she now knew she needed as a woman.  No love for her
husband, no moral beliefs, no belief in her own self meant a thing compared to--
well, she might as well be truthful with herself.  Compared to his penis.  She
lived for this man's phallus.  She would do anything for it, and for what it
could do to her.
      
       When Rod finally pulled out, his penis was "shrunken" to its soft state
of eight inches long and four inches wide.  He got up and thrust it in Barton's
face.
      
       "Clean me off," he said abruptly.
      
       Barton had no resistance left. 
      
       "Yes, sir!  Thank you, sir!"
      
       Meekly, he used his tongue and his lips to clean every bit of cum and
sweat from Rod's crotch.  Seeing that Barton was defeated, Rod untied him.  He
then ordered Barton to get down on the bed and lick every bit of Rod's cum from
his wife's cunt.  Barton obeyed.  The quantity was enormous.  Those enormous
testicles had blasted a cupful of potent sperm juice into Kim's cunt.  Barton
swallowed every drop.  He had never tasted cum before, and almost vomited.
      
       But he quickly got used to the taste of Barton's sperm.  The two-week
honeymoon was sheer humiliation for Barton.  He had to watch Rod and Kim fuck
almost continuously.  Rod shot load after load into her cunt, her mouth, and
even her bowels, several times a day.  Barton had to swallow every drop.  He
also became their toilet.  They didn't want to bother walking to the bathroom to
pee, so they just used Barton's mouth.  He had to swallow all of it.  Rod took a
little mercy on Rod and decided they wouldn't shit into his mouth.  They used
the toilet for that.  But Barton had to clean their assholes with his tongue.
      
       As the two weeks went on, Barton grew accustomed to his role as a sex
servant, thoroughly subordinate to his wife and to their joint master.  He began
to like the taste of Rod's sperm, and did not even mind drinking their piss and
licking their shitty assholes.
      
       At the end of the two weeks, Rod gave a little surprise to Barton.  He,
Rod, was going back to New York with them.  He was going to live with them as
the head of the house.  Gradually, there would be property transfers from Barton
to Kim.  When everything belonged to Kim, she would divorce Barton and marry
Rod, at which time the property would be transferred to Rod.
      
       Rod is now the terror of Wall Street.  Kim is his main woman, though of
course there is rarely a day when he does not fuck at least half a dozen others
as well.  And Barton is on welfare.  He spends most of his time skulking  around
adult movie theaters, looking for guys who will let him suck their cocks.  He'll
do anything for a big one, but he's never found one remotely as large as the one
he craves.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Kuntz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





