BDSM Library - A Police Woman's Story Of Dominance And Her Final Submission




A Police Woman's Story Of Dominance And Her Final Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Police woman is raped repeatedly until her submission to raper.
A POLICE WOMAN'S STORY OF DOMINANCE AND HER FINAL SUBMISSION

She laid her hat on the seat beside her.  The 3 to 11 shift had been long and
hard today.  She fluffed her blond hair,  flattened by the police hat that was
part of her uniform. Glancing down she saw that "Slugger" was in the customary
place on the floorboard of the passenger side of the front seat.  After
fastening her seatbelt snug across her large breast, she pulled out of the
police yard parking lot. Glad to be going home so that she could get out of this
masculine uniform and into something more feminine.

After 15 minutes of city driving she made a turn onto her street.  About 1/2 way
down the street she swung a wide left and turned into her driveway. The garage
door opened automatically.  She thought that she was glad she had it installed.
Then the security light came on.  She then pressed the button to close the door. 
Picking up "Slugger" she then got out of the car. Unlocking the attached door to
the house she went inside. She really should get a dog or even a cat, someone to
greet her when she came home.

Turning on the living room light, she went to the bedroom. There she took off
the uniform. The night was very warm so she opened the window a little and
closed the drapes, leaving a small crack in them to let the air blow into the
room.

Nude she looked in the full-length mirror on the back of the door.  Turning she
admired her body. Not bad for my age. But to keep this I have to exercise some,
she thought to herself. She sat on the floor opening her legs wide her pussy was
exposed in the moonlight.  She then bent her head down and touched the floor
with her nose. This she did 20 times. Then she did sit ups and a few other
exercises.

 Hot and sweaty she went into the bathroom to take a shower to cool off. Coming
out of the bathroom she wrapped the towel around her wet hair.  Then she placed
"Slugger" on the bed. Leaving the lights on she got into the bed and looked at
the ceiling mirror that she put in place by herself. Spreading he long legs, she
picked up "Slugger".  With one hand holding the bat she spread her wet haired
pussy lips.

She placed the wide end of the bat against her. Already wet with juice,
glistening pussy. Holding the bat in place with one hand she circled her clit
with a finger on the other hand. After a few minutes of this she felt that she
was ready for the mammoth, pretend cock. It was harder than any man can ever
get.

Moaning slightly she pushed the bat into her pussy. She did not move for a
minute waiting to get used to the feel of the bat tight inside her. Taking the
bat with both hands, she began to slowly work it in and out.

He moved slightly so that he could see through the slot in the drapes. His hand
went down to his massive cock that was already hard.  He unzipped his jeans and
took out his hard cock. He started slowly to work his hand back and forth,
getting ready to cum. The white cum spurted from the tip of his already
softening cock.  Then he put his limp dick into his jeans and zipped them
closed.  Patting his cock he said. "You'll get the real thing in a while boy!"

Pumping faster, she moaned loudly now. Pushing in the bat faster and deeper.

Slipping around to the back door he opened the knife that he always had with
him, sliding it between the frame and the door, he jimmied the lock open. He had
no problem seeing with the nightlight that she had left on in the kitchen.

Standing outside her room, he watched as she gave out a loud moaning sound and
thrashed her head back and forth against the soft pillow. Her eyes close3d she
lay still as her quivering slowed and finally stopped altogether.

Silently he slipped into the room. He quietly opened the dresser drawer and saw
her gun lying there. He picked it up and emptied its bullets.  He put these in
his pocket. Glancing down, she still had her eyes closed and had not heard him.

Moving fast he quickly laid over her.  Her eyes flew open, she gasped "What do
you want? I have some money over there, in my purse."

Pining her hands above her head with just one of his hands, he unzipped his
pants. He took out his hard and big cock.  "I want you!"  He rubbed his cock on
her naked, still glistening with her juices, pussy. Already wet, he had no
problem shoving his cock deep into her loosened pussy. After savagely pumping
for several minutes he pulled out his cock that was wet with her juices. 
"Bitch!! You are to lose from that damn bat!"  With that he flipped her onto her
back.  She tried to kick out at him. With his open palm, he slapped her naked
ass about twenty times.  He looked and decided that was enough. Her round ass
was quite red by then! Hardly any time passed before he roughly, with no
lubricant at all, he shoved in his hard cock. Her ass was tight to the point he
considered it to be virgin.

"Isn't that better than the bat you bitch?" He continued to fuck her virginal
ass hole violently. He reached around her and grabbed both nipples at the same
time, pinching them as hard as he could. Screaming out she said."Please stop!
Please!"  Crying, she tried to wiggle away.  He grabbed her by the hair of the
head and shook her! "I may keep you as my prisoner of lust!"

 He stiffened as he moaned and came in her tight and sore ass. Flipping her over
he pulled out of his pocket a small piece of rope.  Taking her hands above her
he tied her hands together.  He then stood u pulling her up and putting her over
his shoulder.

He carried her to the top of the basement steps. Setting her on the floor
momentarily he turned on the light switch to the basement. He put her over his
shoulder and went down the nine steps to the lit basement.

Looking about he saw what he wanted. He went over and fastened her roped hands
up to the hook in the floor joists. She had to stand on her tiptoes to reach the
floor.  He looked at a table he saw in the corner of the large room.

Eyes open wide with surprise he said, " Damn girl! We are in for some fun
tonight. I am glad that you are a bit kinky." He slowly picked up the heavy
leather flogger. Shaking it out he laid the lash hard against her tender back. 
Blood trickled down her back. He said, "Look at that! I an just getting
started!"

Her back was a mass of bloody stripes by the time he landed the tenth stroke on
her. Stopping, he walked over to the table and picked out a sting flogger.  He
then unhooked her hands and turned her so that she was facing him. Rehooking her
hands, he stepped away a few paces. He lifted the flogger and hit her tender
breasts. She did not utter a sound until he landed a lash on her nipple.  Then
she let out a bloodcurdling scream. Pleased he continued to lash her nipples. 
They were starting each to bleed when he decided to go to another place,

He flogged her flat stomach until there were vivid red stripes on it.  He felt
that it was time to move on. "Spread those lovely legs Bitch!" Moving closer he
brought the flogger up to her pussy. She screamed in pain! Lashing her again,
this time he hit her right on the exposed clit! Again came the scream. This he
continued until he thought she could take no more.

His cock was hard at the sight of her hanging naked body. Bruised and bloodied
she looked very inviting to him. Dropping the flogger to the floor he walked
over to her. He took her swollen pussy lips in his hand and roughly spread them
apart. With her other hand he unzipped his pants and took out his hardened cock.

"Do you want more of this my Bitch?"  And then he roughly shoved into her cunt
his swollen member. He fucked her in the pussy until he came again. Pulling his
flaccid cock out of her, he went up the basement steps.  Shortly he came back
with a glass of ice water, he drank all of it in front of her. He brought the
bat down with him.

"I want to see you do yourself again with this!" Shaking the bat in front of her
sweaty face. He lowered the rope on her hands and slowly she sank to the floor.
Tying off the rope again he handed her the bat. Hands shaking she took the bat
from him.  He quickly jumped back so that just in case she decided to swing at
him she would not connect.

She slowly pushed the wide end of the bat into her swollen pussy. Lubricated
with his cum the bat went in her easily. She started to moan. After a few
minutes she was moaning loudly.  He was listening intently to her, his cock
hardening again. While she was plunging the bat in her pussy, he walked over to
her.  He pulled her up by her hair, not giving her time to remove the bat, he
spun her around and unzipped his pants and took out his hard cock again!

He plunged his massive cock into her tender asshole again.  "How does it feel to
be filled Bitch?"  He roughly fucked her in the ass hard. This lasted for ten
minutes. The bat dropped out of her pussy. She was done in from all the fucking
and slouched down. If the rope had not held her she would have fallen to the
floor. He thought that he was not going to cum again!

As soon as he felt he was going to cum. He pulled his cock out of her ass and
squirted cum all in her face and on her breast. He laughed as he thought to
himself that he had marked his territory!  Then he let her down to the floor.
Leaving her to go sit on the steps he thought as he watched her struggle to come
to consciousness.  When she came to he said  "You are my bitch, now you say it!" 
She struggled with her thoughts awhile.  Then she said, "I am you bitch"  "SIR!" 
" I am YOUR bitch SIR."  He kept her in the basement for the whole weekend.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





