BDSM Library - Field Trial No. 11




Field Trial No. 11
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two independently wealthy brothers kidnap a mother and daughter for 72 hours of rape and torture. The brothers carefully plan the abduction of the women from a local mall then take them to an isolated farmhouse where their wealth has created a well equipped dungeon where they can realize their most perverted fantasies. The story is written in multiple first person parts where each participant tells their own version of events.
Field Trial No. 11 (M+/F, M+/t, F/t, Rape, Torture, NC)

NOTE:  This is a work of Erotic Fiction.  If you are offended by such
Material, or are not of legal age, DO NOT READ FURTHER

Part 1 - Introduction by Steve the older brother

I want the reader to understand where I am coming from in providing this written
account of my brother and mine's most recent field trial.  I am presently
attending college studying for my doctorate in psychology. My career plan is to
become a clinical psychologist specializing in the treatment of persons
considered "sexual predators".  I work part time at a treatment facility
operated by the state government. I am assigned to a wing allocated to those
labeled "repeat sexual offenders". They range from rather harmless molesters who
brush up against women in subways to serious rapists and pedophiles.

 Some years ago, I concluded my brother and I were sexual predators.  We had on
several occasions kidnapped and raped females. I also concluded that it was
something we intended to keep doing as long as we were able. We had been clever
about it and were never suspected let along caught. Understanding what motivates
us, individuals raised by loving parents, to perform such anti-social behavior
intrigued me; therefore I enrolled in a college with a strong psychology
department. When I reached graduate school, I decided there was too much
emphasis on classroom studies and too little attention paid to fieldwork.  I
decided to turn our acts of sexual predation into field experiments where I
could perform original research.

I did an extensive search of the literature. The concept of a trained
psychologist committing acts of sexual predation under controlled circumstances
appears unknown and undocumented. At least, it is not reflected in any of the
numerous case histories I was able to research. Therefore it became important
not only that I continue to participate in these acts but that I collect
documentation of the acts not only from my brother, a fellow predator but not a
psychologist, but also the victims themselves. I realize the lack of follow-up
studies of the victims is a detriment to my research. However for obvious
reasons, I cannot show up on their door-steps at 1, 3, and 5 years after they
were raped and asked them to describe their current feelings about the event.

In summary, my brother and I carefully plan the abduction of females. Once
abducted, our next step is to rape and abuse them physically. This includes a
variety of Sadomasochistic acts examples of which you will find described below.
We cause extreme pain and temporary harm but do not kill or maim them (at least
not so far).  I must add that we experience intense pleasure from these acts.
Pleasure we could not acquire from wives and girl friends if we had chosen that
path. We indulge certain fetishes and proclivities. I must admit a strong
attraction to women's feet.

We, along with our victims document both what occurred and how we are affected.
Often I have to encourage victims to provide this documentation. Of course, it
is not surprising that a woman who has been raped and tortured for days might
not be too interested in detailing the events and her feelings; but I find a
threat of permanent facial disfigurement bring them instantly in contact with
their muse and the words quickly follow.

A little family history will further inform the reader and hopefully encourage
him to read on. My brother's name is Bill.  Bill is two years younger than me;
but he took after daddy and is a head taller than me. He's the bigger, stronger,
younger brother. He's also very Nordic looking with blonde hair, blue eyes and
fair skin.  I favor mother and that means I have a compact frame with auburn
hair and brown eyes. We are brothers who bear little physical resemblance to one
another. I tend to perform better academically than Bill; however, he excels at
sports and all things mechanical. Don't get the idea from this that Bill is a
dumb jock; he graduated with a three point accumulative average from our state
college.

Bill and I still live in the house we grew up in. It's a large farmhouse located
over a mile from the nearest neighbor. Mother passed away when I was in high
school. Daddy died in a car accident, killed by a drunken driver headed the
wrong way on the interstate. So I guess we are orphans not that we are looking
for any sympathy.  The four of us were a farm family in an area of the country
where farming had become uneconomical. But fortunately, both of our parents had
inherited sizeable acreages from their parents and they had even added more land
when farming was still remunerative.

After daddy was killed, Bill and I decided that farming was not a career we
wanted to pursue. About that time, a residential developer looking to buy 400
acres that included sizeable lake front footage approached us. We both now live
comfortably on the income from the sale. Yes, we are men of leisure and in our
leisure time, we prey on women and girls.

Now that I have established the background, I'm going to turn it over to Bill to
tell you about our latest foray into the world of sexual predation.




Part 2 - By Bill the younger brother

Let me start by saying this latest act of predation was my idea. In spite of my
brother's claims that he's the smart one, I'm the one who suggested we seek our
next victims in the Mall and that we grab a mother and daughter.  Steve, the
future doctorate, had expressed interest in how such a traumatic event, as
kidnap-rape-torture would impact relationships between females. I pointed out
that the most profound relationship in the female world was that of mother and
daughter. I also recommended that we go to the mall to shop.  To a sexual
predator, a mall parking lot is like an all-you-can-eat buffet to a starving
man. You just sit in your car and watch the potential victims come out and get
in their cars while you fantasize what you could do with them.

Anyway, sexual predation like any criminal undertaking must be carefully
planned. My brother and I are not into murder and that adds the burden of
avoiding the victims getting a glimpse of your kisser. (Let me say that if a
victim did get a good look at either of us, we would make them dead right away.)

Since the farmhouse has a full basement and we have plenty of time and money,
we've been able to create a space designed to allow us to enjoy our victims
without a possibility of being seen or heard. It's completely soundproof and we
have tested that. There's a large room in the basement where we placed two twin
beds end to end. We wanted to do something really unique as part of our
mother-daughter event. Between the beds we built a covered wooden box with one
hole on opposite sides for the victim's head. The holes are slightly off center.
This allows the heads to be right beside each other in the box but their bodies
point in opposite directions. Provision was made for ventilation. Microphones
hidden in the box record even whispered conversations. Picture Mother and
daughter ear to ear with their bodies on the twin beds pointed away from one
another. You got access to tits, pussy, and ass but the head is in the box.  I
know you are thinking what about blowjobs. Well, that problem was solved by a
little out of the box thinking (Sorry, I just had to have my little joke.)

So mother and daughter are in there cheek to cheek and they can talk and cry and
beg and tell each other what horrible things are being done to them. It is just
the best you can imagine. It also allows you to fuck or torture only one but the
other one is keenly aware of what is being done to her partner. The box has air
holes and places where you can stick a hand inside.

I will also tell you we have all kinds of BDSM equipment. There are clamps,
spreaders, whips of all kinds, dildos, butt plugs. And oh yes, there are needles
of various sizes. You can have a lot of fun with needles. There are two video to
digital cameras with each one focused on a bed. Long after the victims have
returned to their families and the care of the good therapist, my brother and I
can insert a DVD into our home entertainment center and re-live those moments of
ecstasy. My brother will tell you the cameras are there in support of his
research. Of course, we record all the whispers, whimpers, screams, and groans
that the victims sound out.

Steve said he wanted me to describe our two victims at the end of this part.

The mother, her name is Christine, has a nice big set of titties that you could
just suck on all day. The nipples are big (She nursed all three children) and
the areola is a full two inches in diameter with a nice set of little buds
around the edge. They were the perfect set of knockers for our purposes.  There
was a skinny little runway shaved above her cunt. It was kind of cute. It ended
right above her clitoris and she had a big one. It was the kind of clit you
could grab between your thumb and first finger and give a good yank. I don't
know what to say about her pussy. It was just a pussy. It got nice and wet when
you fingered it. Christine's asshole had some minor hemorrhoid scars. She said
that was from having kids. I removed the hairs from around it. It was tight. My
brother and I introduced the little lady to anal. Imagine, 35 years old and
never had a cock in her chocolate highway.

The daughter was named Joanne and I guess the best word to describe her is
"ripe". Well, "ripe" was the best word when we started; "defiled", "degraded",
"spoiled", and "ruined" are more accurate at this time. Joanne had a pretty set
of little pink nipples just like the erasers on a number two pencil. Her boobs
you could squeeze in the palm of your hand. They were nowhere near as big as her
mothers. She had a cute little navel ring. It was a little diamond and looked
very sweet until my brother ripped it out. He wanted to see how loud she would
yell. Her pussy was shaved clean, not a hair anywhere. I think she had what is
called a Brazilian bikini wax. She was a virgin and let me emphasize WAS. When I
stuck my finger in her at the beginning, there was that nice little membrane
right inside the entrance, more about that later. All in all, she was a pretty
young lady and I enjoyed torturing and raping her immensely.




Part 3 - Christine the Mother

Anyone who reads this should understand that I was forced to write about the
abduction, brutal mistreatment, and rape of my daughter, Joanne and myself.
Joanne has to write her part also. Our abductors have promised that we will be
released if we write an accurate and convincing account. Joanne is an all "A"
student and English composition is her favorite subject. I pray we both write
well enough to satisfy our captors.

The last three days have been the worst experience of my life. It has to be the
worst experience of Joanne's young life. Both of us have been subjected to
horrible tortures in addition to repeated sexual abuse. Although we will recover
physically, I wonder if we will ever fully recover from the mental anguish we
have endured. As I understand it I am to write a running account of what
occurred over the last three days. It is to be written from my perspective. I
only hope that our captors keep their word and release us once we are finished.

 My instructions were to begin with a brief description of Joanne, my family,
and myself. Certain details are included at the specific instructions of my
captors.

I am a 35-year-old working mom who wears a 36DD bra. I have auburn hair, attend
aerobics classes three times a week. I weigh 122 pounds and am 5'8". I am told I
have a good figure. I wear a size 8B shoe (One of our abductors has a foot
fetish and insisted I include my shoe size.)

 I am a loan officer at a local bank, a college graduate, and a parent who
participates in my children's school activities. My husband, Ron, is a
structural engineer and works in the city center. I have three children. Joanne
is the oldest at 15. Robbie is 12 and Sue is 10. I thank God that Robbie and Sue
choose to stay home and watch a game with their father.

Joanne is a sophomore in high school. She's a pretty girl with blue eyes and
blonde hair, takes after her father. The last bra I bought her was a 32B. I
recall that she weights 102 pounds and is 5'7" tall. She can wear my shoes
therefore she must be around an 8B shoe size also.

I was also instructed to briefly describe my sexual history.

I was a virgin until my senior year of high school. I was going steady with Tom
Gaines and thought I was madly in love with him. I let him have me one night on
his parent's houseboat. We had sex regularly after that. We promised to stay
true even though we went off to different colleges in different states. A month
after I started school, he wrote me that he was seeing someone else. I slept
with three boys in college before I met Ron. In the 15 years since, I had never
let another man touch me other than Ron.

I enjoy sex with my husband. He is a gentle and sensitive lover. I perform oral
sex when he requests it. He also pleasures me orally.

The last of this part is where I am to describe my current physical state.

The pain is worse in my breasts. I have not had a chance to examine them in a
mirror but I suspect they are badly damaged. Over the three days, they constant
found ways to torture them. My nipples are actually split and bleed if they are
touched.

My feet are my other major area of pain. I understand they beat us on the soles
of our feet so we gave up on any thoughts of running away. I cannot stand let
alone walk or run. My clitoris is a ruin. My vagina feels like there are tears
inside. I am not sure that my butt will actually close. If I put my finger back
there, my rectum is open. They have stretched me with dildos and butt plugs to
where I am a physical wreck.




Part 4 - Joanne the Daughter

I have not seen Mom's part. They say we must write this to get out of here. I
hope they are not lying. Mom's part is supposed to describe both of us. So I
will leave that to her.

 I am supposed to begin by describing my sexual history prior to the last three
days.

I can start by stating that here is not much sexual history to tell. After all,
before this I was a normal 15-year-old high school girl. I have made out at
parties. I have allowed several boys to feel my boobs through my clothes but
only one got his hand inside my bra. I also let that same boy feel my pussy
through my panties. I like French kissing and especially like the boy to put his
tongue in my ear (not sure why that is such a turn on). I had hoped to stay a
virgin to at least my senior year. One thing I have done is give hand jobs. Boys
seem to like that and I don't think it is wrong since I am doing the touching. I
had not given a blowjob but now that I have done it several times with these
guys. I will do it if that is what my date wants. Oh, and one thing I will never
do is anal sex. The pain is indescribable and I cannot imagine letting anyone
ever again stick anything in my ass.

The other thing I am to write about is my current physical state.

Well, I feel like shit. Everything on me hurts. I suppose the soles of my feet
hurt the worst. I saw a movie once where they beat a man on the soles. I can
honestly say that if I really wanted to hurt someone, I would pound the shit out
of the bottoms of their feet. I cannot walk they hurt so badly. They are
swollen. I would not even try to put a pair of shoes on.

 I am feeling a lot of pain in my boobs. My nipples are red, not pink. I can
only imagine how my mother's feel. They really worked on hers. I have a tear
where they ripped out my navel ring. That hurt awful. I just hurt all over. They
raped me of course and my pussy is sore. I've already mentioned my butt. They
did so many things to me. It's hard to find a place on my body where it does not
hurt.




Part 5 - Steve

Bill and I had kept a low profile for the last two months. But we were getting a
little antsy and we needed to strike again.

It was his idea about the mother and daughter and the Mall parking lot. However,
the idea of the twin beds with their heads stuck in a closed box was my idea.
Bill actually built the box and added many useful features. But enough of this
sibling rivalry, I love my brother and am very proud of him.

We pulled into the mall parking lot in our van with the tinted windows. First
thing we did was figure out the routine of the Security guy. It turned out he
drove around the lot on a fixed schedule. We started driving around looking for
a mother and daughter combination entering the mall. All right, we had no way of
knowing they were truly mother and daughter. It could have been mother and
stepdaughter or even two unrelated females of different ages. We wanted two
females who appeared to be mother and daughter. We got lucky. Christine and
Joanne pulled into a parking space where the adjacent space was empty. When they
entered the mall, we parked beside them. I got out and followed them into the
mall. I was well disguised of course.

I stayed in touch with Bill by cell phone. I am good at surveillance. They
shopped for about 90 minutes then went to the food court and got a sandwich.
They finished that and headed back to the car. I alerted Bill who readied the
stun guns.

If there had been anyone near enough in the lot to see what we were going to do,
we would have called it off. There's always another night. But we were lucky and
no one was close enough. Bill had two well-charged stun guns ready when I got
back to the car right ahead of the women. He hid on the passenger side where the
girl would be. We covered our faces. I was behind the sliding van door. We had
our hands off cell phones in communication. I heard Bill say go. I slid the van
door open, shot the mother in the back with my stun gun, grabbed her and yanked
her into the van. In half a second, Bill threw the daughter into the van and we
slammed the door shut. We first tied their hands behind their back then taped a
sleep mask over their eyes. We put a hard rubber gag in their mouth and tied it
tight behind their head. Then for insurance purposes, we put a heavy canvas sack
over their heads. Finally, a cable tie secured their feet. It had gone
perfectly.

I pulled out of the parking lot and we drove back to the farmhouse, never
driving one mile over the speed limit.




Part 6 - Bill

We took them straight to the basement and laid them each on a twin bed. The
mother was trying to make noise through her gag but the daughter had given up.
One at a time, we put their heads in the box and manacled their arms and legs to
the sides of the twin beds. We made sure there was no slack in their restraints.
Steve and I worked as a team. We cut the cable tie. Each grabbed a wrist or
ankle and manacled it to the bed. In less than ten minutes, there were two fully
clothed women with their head in the box tightly restrained on a twin bed. Steve
reached inside the box through an opening we could close and removed the hoods
and gags. We left the sleep masks on. It was dark in the box, nothing to see
anyway.

We took a break, went upstairs, got comfortable, and had a beer. We had plenty
of time, no need to rush.

After about 30 minutes though, we started to get our energy back and went
downstairs for the disrobing. Believe it or not, it takes a bit of work to
completely cut off a woman's clothes including an overcoat (did I mention it was
winter?).

Once we started cutting their clothes off, the crying and pleading started. Not
sure why they do that. Not like they were going to persuade us to stop and
politely drive them back to their car.

Well we felt them up good once they were naked. Each time I touched Christine
she would let out a wail and start begging.  You could hear the two of them
whispering to each other inside the box. Steve and I played a little game. He
would pinch Christine's left nipple the same time I did Joanne's. You could hear
them tell each other what we were doing. It was a lot of fun.

It was getting late, so we needed to finish up. Each of us grabbed a two-foot
length of garden hose. You know you can spend a lot of money on fancy leather
whips but you can do just as much damage with a simple length of half-inch
garden hose. We secured their legs so they could not move their feet. I should
mention that Steve has a thing for women's feet. I guess you would call that a
fetish. I like feet just fine but don't consider them as interesting as titties
or pussies.

Steve positioned himself at Christine's feet, hose in hand and I did the same at
Joanne's. Steve started with a nice sold whack right across the center of
Christine's left foot. Let me tell you the woman was a screamer. It was a
full-throated scream followed by a gasp for breath. I gave Joanne the same
treatment and was rewarded with more sound than you would think a girl her size
could produce.

Steve and I began taking turns. We had a little contest about who could get
their victim to scream the loudest. Steve took a turn and then me. If Christine
was loudest, he got a point. If Joanne was loudest, I got the point. We did 10
on the left foot and I won 6 to 4. The right foot scored highest for Steve. We
dropped the game after the first round and just wailed away. After maybe 15
minutes, the girls passed out and we stopped. Their feet were starting to swell
already. Blood was seeping out from under their toenails.  By morning, they
would be blue and swollen to 2-3 times their normal size. Whipping their feet
like that is not only a lot of fun but it convinces the victim that escape is
impossible. Before morning, they would realize they could not walk two steps let
alone get away.

I grabbed some smelling salts and stuck my arm in the box to being them around.
They came awake with a good deal of crying and whimpering. The pain in their
feet must have been something fierce. Once, Steve and I gave each other a stroke
with the hose on our bare soles just to see what it was like. That was just one
stroke and it hurt like hell. My foot was sore for a week.

Steve took his cock out and rubbed it over Christine's feet. There was blood
seeping out from under her toenails and he rubbed that all over his pecker,
which got hard the moment, it touched her feet. I did the same with Joanne's
feet. It was not really my thing but I wanted to support my brother so I rubbed
my cock on Joanne's feet and played with myself until cum spurted all over her
ankles and feet. It did look hot to see the cum and blood mixing together.

It was getting late and we decided to retire for the night. There's a lot of
stress in abducting someone from a mall parking lot and we were both worn out.

This is my account of the first day.




Part 7 - Christine

This is my account of the first day.

I was reaching to unlock my car when I became paralyzed. It was a feeling
totally new to me. Later I was told it was a stun gun. My body just quit
working. I felt myself grabbed from behind and pulled backwards into the vehicle
parked beside mine. They taped a mask over my eyes, bound my hands and feet and
gagged me with some sort of rubber object that was tied very tight in back. They
placed a cloth bag over my head.

I gather from the commotion around me they were doing the same thing to Joanne.
I was terrified. I thought we were going to be raped and possibly killed. Our
abductors did not say a word. They seemed very professional. It only took a few
seconds after we were grabbed for them to tie the both of us.

We drove for a while but I lost track of time. It could have been one hour or
two.

When the van stopped, I was picked up and carried into some type of building. He
carried me down steps and laid me onto a bed on my back. I figured this would be
the place where the rape was going to take place. They cut the plastic tie that
bound my feet and then secured my ankles to the side of the bed using belted
straps. They did the same with my hands. My head was then placed inside
something that reminded me of the stock that the Pilgrims used in Massachusetts
Bay Colony. I felt a wooden bar being lowered across my throat. I was tied
spread eagle on a twin bed with my head in what I later learned was a wooden box
intended to insure that we did not get a chance to see the faces of the men who
kidnapped us.

In a few minutes, I heard the sounds of them bringing Joanne into the room. I
gather they did the same type of things to her. In a few minutes, I felt her
head right beside mine in their box contraption but her body was in a different
direction.

A hand reached into the box and removed the sacks and then the gags. They left
the masks taped over out eyes.

Then, for the first time, one of them spoke. He said that it was absolutely
critical that we not see their faces. And that if we did, even by accident, they
would kill us. He said they planned to keep us there for two full days starting
tomorrow. Late on the second day, they would let us go. He repeated his warning
about never looking at their faces.

I asked then if they were going to rape us. One of them replied "Yes, among a
lot of other things." I begged them to just rape me and leave Joanne alone. They
laughed and left the room.

When they returned, that cut off our clothes. I begged them not to hurt Joanne
but they ignored me. In a couple of minutes, they had me completely naked and
started feeling my body. I asked Joanne if they were feeling her and she said
they were.

You can't imagine how it feels for a Mother to lay there helpless while her
daughter is violated. They felt inside of her vagina and laughed when they
discovered she was a virgin. They suck their fingers inside my vagina and even
commented about how we shaved differently down there. Then I felt a wet finger
on an asshole and it pushed inside me. Someone grabbed my nipple and squeezed
real hard. I yelled ouch and they laughed. I heard them say they were going to
enjoy my tits.

Their last act of the day was to beat the soles of our feet with what I think
was a rubber hose. I'm not sure that even childbirth was that painful. Poor
Joanne screamed her lungs out as they used the hose as a truncheon across her
feet. I screamed for them to stop. I have no idea how many times they whipped my
poor feet. I thought they were going to rip the toenails right off my feet. I
passed out after a particularly painful whack on my heel.

They woke me up with smelling salts. I thought they were going to start whipping
us again; but instead they began to rub their cocks around on our bloody feet.
One held my feet together while he fucked his cock between them. After a few
minutes of this, I felt cum splatter on my feet. He rubbed cum and blood
together with his softening cock. Joanne said they did the same to her.

It was a terrible ordeal. They threw a coarse wool blanket over left and us.
This ended my first day.




Part 8 - Joanne

This is my account of the first day.

Mom and I were getting into the car when I felt my whole body go numb. Someone
strong picked me up and carried me over to a mini-van and threw me inside it.
They placed a mask over my eyes and then used some type of plastic to tie my
hands and feet. Then they forced my mouth open and put in an awful tasting piece
of rubber that was a gag. They tied it real tight behind my head and it caused
my jaw to ache. Finally, they put a sack over my head. It was hard to breathe. I
could not see a thing.

The minivan started to move. I was beginning to get some feeling back into my
body. I was really scared. I could feel Mom beside me. She was trying to yell
through the gag but all that came out were muffled sounds. She gave up after a
while.

Mom and I were lying on the van floor. I could sense that one of the guys was
driving and the other was beside up. We drove a long time. I figured we were
going to be raped when we got to where they were taking us. I just hoped they
did not kill us.

We drove for what seemed like forever. They took mom first and then me into a
room that was downstairs and smelled like a basement. There they used some type
of restraint, like you see in a hospital, to fasten my body spread eagle on a
small bed. My head was placed inside a hole and I realized that Mom's head was
right beside mine. But her body pointed in the opposite direction.

When they pulled the sacks off our heads, my head was right beside Mom's. Then
they untied the gag and removed that. My jaw was numb; but the feeling came back
after a few minutes.

"Are you all right?" Mom asked.

I said I was okay. Mom started to yell that they could do anything they wanted
to her if they would just leave me alone. They told us they were going to keep
us only two days and that if we did not see their faces, we would be let go.
They said they were going to rape us and do a whole lot of other nasty stuff to
us.

Then they left the room for a while. Mom was crying. I started crying too. I did
not want to be raped. She kept telling me everything was going to be all right.

After a while, they came back and started cutting all our clothes off. I
remember thinking that I wished they would not cut my new leather jacket I got
for Christmas but they just cut away and pulled it from under me. They cut off
all my outer clothes and in a few minutes my bra and panties were snipped off
and I was naked. I told Mom I was naked and she said she was too.

I felt a hand squeezing my boob and then the other was grabbed and squeezed.
They played with my nipples and I felt a mouth sucking on one of them. Then a
finger started to feel my vagina and work its way inside me. I heard the guy
whose finger was in me say that I was a virgin and the other guy replied, "She
won't be after tomorrow". He had his finger in me pushing on my hymen and it
kind of hurt. Mom gave out a loud yell and said, "Please stop." They pretty much
felt me all over. They were doing the same to Mom.

They stopped for a while as they tightened the straps that held my feet. All of
a sudden, the sole of my foot was hit with something and I screamed from the
pain. A second later Mom screamed. I would scream and then Mom as they whipped
our feet. The pain was unbearable. Mom was screaming her head off begging them
to stop. I was doing the same. First they beat the shit out of one foot and then
the other. Mom passed out first. I was afraid she had a heart attack or
something. I blacked out a few seconds later.

Something that made my nostrils sting made me wake up. Mom was awake too. We
were both crying form the pain in our feet. I could feel mine starting to swell.
After a few minutes I felt something touching my feet. I knew it was the guy's
cock. He rubbed it all over my feet, which must have been bleeding because it
felt real wet and gooey. Then I felt a couple of splats of something wet hit my
feet and a hand smear it around my ankles.

A blanket was thrown over my nude body and they left the room.

I asked Mom if they had jerked off on her feet and she said yes. Her final words
to me that night were "Let's just try to stay alive."




Part 9 - Bill

I am going to write what happened on the second day and Steve will handle the
third. Since we were both there, no point in both us describing the same thing.

We started off with a medical emergency. However, our quick action saved the day
and we managed to recover the situation nicely. After a good night's sleep,
Steve and I went downstairs first thing in the morning to check on our guests.
When I removed the cover from Christine, I saw there was an immediate problem.
Her feet were practically black. I snatched the blanket off Joanne and hers
looked worse if that was possible. We had forgotten to loosen the ankle straps
and during the night, their feet had swollen to where circulation had been
completely cut off.

I was a medic in the army and knew that gangrene was a possibility. I quickly
took the straps off Christine's feet while Steve removed Joanne's. I started to
message her feet to get some circulation going. From the loud screams that both
women gave out, I gather the return of circulation and our massage were quite
painful. They started begging us to stop torturing their feet. Joanne kept
saying for us to do anything to her but leave her feet alone. Of course, they
were misinterpreting our actions. They assumed we had resumed torturing their
feet but the opposite was true. Without our swift action, those women might face
life footless. Gangrene is serious business. After a vigorous message
accompanied by loud shrieks from the two of them, their foot color changed from
blue-black to dark blue and then medium blue. I considered the crises over. We
stopped the massage and they calmed down.

Steve and I went back upstairs and had breakfast. We both agreed that maybe we
had overdone their foot whipping. It was not our intent for these women to be
walking around on stumps the rest of their lives.

We came back downstairs and turned the lights off and put on our night vision
goggles. We took Christine out of the box and gave her a drink of water and fed
her some fruit. Then we did the same for Joanne. They meekly did what we told
them. They were so terrified of us they would do anything we said. Joanne said
we could do anything we wanted as long as we left her feet alone.

We cut a deck of cards to see who got Joanne's cherry. Steve got the 9 of spades
to my queen of clubs. Joanne would be my first virgin. I suggested we start off
eating them out rather than just a straightforward rape. Joanne really looked
good to me all laid out naked on that twin bed. I eased a pillow under her cute
little butt and gave her little love button a lick. Steve dove into Christine's
twat and gave it one long lick from clitoris to asshole.

I took my time. I wanted to get Joanne all wet and ready for my 8-inch cock. Her
hole looked so tiny compared to my cock head. I planned on doing a lot of
fucking over the next two days and I didn't want a sore dick from having to ram
it into a dry hole. I reached a finger inside to feel her cherry. She let out a
little moan. I could hear Christine moaning as Steve ate her.  She seemed to be
getting into being raped, like she had a choice.

I took my time and ate Joanne slowly, making nice swirls around her clitoris. I
also paid some attention to her tits. My finger was sliding into an increasingly
slick little cunt. After a while, her breath grew more rapid. You could hear her
whispering to her Mother who gave out a good moan ever time Steve licked her
clit and shoved two fingers in what was a very gooey twat.

Well, I licked faster and the little slut climaxed like a cheap Mexican whore.
Christine had climaxed right before Joanne. Steve was positioning his cock to
penetrate Mother Christine; so I raised Joanne's legs to my shoulders and slid
my dick into position. I wanted the little cunt to remember getting her cherry
busted so I dropped down with all my weight.

Damn if I did not bounce right off that cherry. I expected to tear right through
it. Joanne screamed in pain. I let out an "ouch" as I felt like I broke my dick
in half. I told Steve what happened; but the bastard just looked up from fucking
Christine and laughed. I heard Joanne whispering desperately with Christine; who
must have found it hard to converse since she was letting out a loud moan every
time my brother sank it home.

I adjusted my position, getting some traction with my feet and plunged down once
more. It must have hurt the both of us more because Joanne let out an ear
piercing scream and I yelled 'God Damn' as my pecker bent double against the
little membrane that had seemed so frail when I had fingered her a minute ago.

Steve looked up at me and smiled then dipped down and took one of Christine's
big nipples in his mouth and sucked hard. I was beginning to wish I had drawn
low card. There was more whispering between mother and daughter. I decided to
try again. As I was bracing for my third attempt, I felt Joanne's feet wrap
around my back. I guess she had decided to give me some help. Maybe Christine
suggested it.  I sprang forward using my leg muscles for traction as she pulled
me into her with her legs and thrust her little pussy right up off the bed. This
time I sailed through her cherry and did not stop until my balls slapped against
her asshole. Maybe previous attempts weakened the damn thing. Joanne let out a
nice satisfying scream followed by a couple of "ughs". Christine's little girl
was no longer a virgin.

I withdrew and then rammed it home again. Blood and pussy juice had reduced the
friction and this time, Joanne let out just a little squeak. I could hear her
reporting to Mother "mission accomplished". I love to fuck and so does Steve so
we just pumped away. Joanne's snatch was tight and I was not going to last long.
I pumped her full of my finest. Christine climaxed as Steve unloaded in her.

I got up and looked down at Joanne's pussy. Her hole was covered in blood and
jism. It did not look so small anymore either. Steve and I decided to take a
break. We left the girls with cum leaking out of their holes and went upstairs
to smoke a joint.

We fucked them three more times that morning. I did Christine next while Steve
took Joanne. I really got into sucking on Christine's big titties. Joanne came
when Steve fucked her. Of course, Christine hit the big "O" again while I was
putting the meat to her.  On my second fuck of Joanne, the little bitch started
humping her little ass up each time I down stroked. She climaxed when I shot off
inside her.

She's going to be a hot little whore when she gets back to high school. You can
tell when a woman likes the feel of a cock inside her snatch. I would have to
say Joanne gets her whorish tendencies from her Mother. My last fuck of the
morning was Christine. As it was the fourth of the morning, I took a while to
climax. I just kept down stroking her pussy using my longest and deepest moves.
I was sucking those nipples until I built my load up and then deposited it in
the "Bank of Christine Snatch".

I think Steve was just as pleased as I was concerning Christine and Joanne's
performance. In several of our other Field Trials, the women had been too
fearful to react to a hard cock in their twat. Steve said they were "frigid".
These two had climaxed or at least done a hell of a good job of faking it. They
reminded me of the two sisters we abducted at the bus station last spring. They
were illegal aliens from Guatemala and they loved to fuck. Of course, they had
been raped so many times by relatives, the Guatemalan army, smugglers and
employers that a couple more cocks meant nothing to them. I will leave it to the
psychologist to explain how certain women can cum during a rape and others can't
even cum when their husband screw them.

It was time for a long break and a restorative lunch. As I left the room, I
looked at both women lying there with their legs spread wide like they were
waiting to be mounted again. I kind of wished we had two more brothers so we
could just keep fucking them. Their pussies were gaped open and slick with cum,
blood, and female lube. I zoomed both of the digital cameras down for a close up
shot of those well-fucked snatches. I realized I was hungry, very hungry.

Steve and I ate a big lunch. We fixed sandwiches for the whores. We let them eat
lunch then take a shower.  We darkened the room, put on our night vision goggles
and took Christine out of the box. Of course, we warned her to keep their sleep
masks in place. We decided it was time for a blowjob; we assigned that task to
Christine.  She turned out to be an excellent cocksucker. I blew my load right
down her throat and she swallowed it; then she licked me clean. She did the same
for Steve. Mom was truly a cock-sucking whore and we told her so. Steve and I
had a little tete-a-tete to decide our next move.

I told Steve that I had never seen a Mother and Daughter eat each other out. He
thought that was a really excellent idea. We put Joanne on top of Christine in
the old sixty-nine position. Joanne was reluctant to start until I told the
little sweetheart she could either eat that pussy or I would feed her Mom's
nipples after I cut them off. Well, that brought about a change of attitude and
she started licking twat like there was no tomorrow. They may have not been too
anxious to start but once they did, those girls got into some serious cunt
lapping. Let me tell you they got down to it.  I got hard as a rock just
watching them. They were moaning and licking and sucking on each other's clit.
Joanne climaxed first and it was really something. Her pretty little face got a
look on it like she was in heaven. She must have cum for five minutes. Mother
Christine came to. She was sucking clit, licking pussy and swallowing girl juice
and cumming at the same time.

Steve and I had to join in. We slipped our peckers right in those hot, dripping
wet holes and pumped away. Christine was licking my balls and the Joanne's pussy
at the same time. Ever once in a while, I would pull my dick out of the Joanne's
wet, wet hole and drop it right into Mommy' mouth. Man was that a turn on. Steve
and I swapped several times. Both women came several times. I have always
believed that somewhere inside the most prim, respectable, uptight woman is a
whore just begging to get out. These two bitches sure proved my theory.

I dumped half of my load in Christine's pussy; but saved a nice squirt for
Joanne's mouth. She swallowed it down like a good slut.

Brother and I took a short break. Next, we were going to do some ass fucking.
Since I had shredded Joanne's cherry. Steve was going to plow her little ass
first. I lube up Christine's brown hole. The bitch knew what was coming. I
slipped a butt plug in her hinny. Mom had a tight ass. She let out a little
whimper. Steve was prepping Joanne's shitter.  Mom and Daughter were
conferencing like crazy inside the box. Both women were about to loose their
anal virginity and I guess typical of women they had something they needed to
talk about. I was working the plug in and out of Christine getting her ready.

When you think of it, Steve and I are pretty nice fellows. We could have just
spit on their asshole and let her rip. But we use K-Y and a butt plug to loosen
them up. I would have to say we are among the most considerate sexual predators
in our part of the country.

I pulled the plug out and put my cock head right inside the opening.  I felt
Christine take a deep breath trying to relax; so I just went all the way to my
balls on her exhale. Steve shoved his meat all the way in Joanne's shit locker
and we were off to the races.

I would say there are many great moments in what Steve and I do to our guests
but certainly that first complete stroke into a virgin asshole is one of the
best. Every muscle in their body contracts to force your dick out. It's like
their entire being goes into a giant clinch that squeezes your pecker in a warm,
super tight embrace that you feel all the way down to your toes. Christine let
out a nice long scream as my balls slapped into her butt and my cock head
reached as far in her shit hole as it could possibly go. Oh that is so good.
After that, they usually relax and you get a nice tight ass fuck.

Once they got over the initial shock, they resumed their pussy licking. Joanne
had screamed her lungs out when Steve penetrated her ass. I think she screamed
as loud as she could for the first four or five of his strokes. But after that
and some determined twat tonguing by Mom she settled down and took her plowing
like a good slut. Steve and I swapped a few times. We also made the "ladies"
suck our shit-streaked cocks. It was quite the sight when I pulled my cock out
of Christine's asshole and slipped it in Joanne's pretty little mouth. Mom's
butt had deposited long stains of her shit along the sides of my cock. Joanne
figured that out when I slid my pecker in her mouth; but she sucked me anyway.
There was brown gravy on her lips as I slid it into her mouth but she gamely
licked around and cleaned me off. She knew it was her Mother's shit. Steve and I
really lucked out with these two. Some women are just natural pig whores.

We let them clean up and rest. We fed them a light dinner and put them away for
the night.

One final thing I have to report is that I woke up horny during the night so I
went downstairs and got me a little piece of Joanne's pussy. Steve must have
heard me get up and followed me because as soon as I finished, he hopped on her
and gave her a second fuck. Mother Christine must have slept through the entire
thing because she never moved or made a sound.

Anyway, the little whore fucked like a pro. She put her feet flat on the bed to
get leverage and fucked back like she did it for a living and customer
satisfaction was her number one goal. The boys (and maybe the girls) are her
high schools are going to owe us a debt of gratitude for what we taught the
little slut.




Part 10 - Christine

This is my account of the second day.

I had fallen into an exhausted sleep when all of a sudden the blanket was pulled
off and I heard of them say "Oh shit". He quickly removed the straps from around
my ankles. During the night, my feet had gone numb and I could not feel anything
from my ankles down. As soon as he removed the straps, he started rubbing my
feet and bending them. The pain exceeded what I felt last night during the
whipping. It was if a thousand hot needles were being driven into my sole and
ankles. I couldn't control my screams. They were torturing Joanne in the same
way. Her screams just about broke my heart.

After a while, the pain began to subside and the massage stopped. They covered
us back up and left the room.

When they returned, I could smell coffee. They must have brought a cup with
them. I felt the plank covering my throat being removed and they pulled me to a
sitting position. I could not see anything because of the sleep mask. They
shoved a bottle of water in my hand and I drank as much as I could, then they
handed me pieces of apple and I ate that. They shoved me back down in the box
and replaced the plank. They did the same for Joanne, giving her water and
apple.

I heard them undressing. They came over to us and said they were going to
"deflower" Joanne. I thought their use of the word "deflower" odd. One of them
had won the right to be first at cards. The loser was going to take her other
virgin hole. My little girl was going to be raped first in her vagina and then
her bottom and there was nothing I could do about it. My face was going to be
inches from her as she was raped. I cannot imagine a worst experience for a
Mother.

I think most Mother's are realists about their daughter's virginity. I know we
fantasize about there being virgins when they marry. I'm not sure why we keep
that fantasy. I've already told you that I lost my hymen in high school. I also
recall my own mother who must have had a wild youth telling me that one night
after a big game, she and another cheerleader had fucked every member of their
high school football team.  As for Joanne, I know it was only a matter of time.
Some of her girl friends at school were already sexually active. Their mothers
had placed their daughters on the pill.  I had considered offering the pill to
Joanne. Right now, I wish she were on birth control.

But what was happening to Joanne and me was something, no mother would conceive
of. Our faces were side by side in this box contraption and I was going to be
right there while a rapist forced his filthy cock into her. At least for my
first time, the boy was someone I thought I thought I loved and trusted.
Joanne's first was going to be cold-blooded rape by a person completely unknown
to her.  It was very difficult for me to decide how I should react to lessen her
trauma.

My legs were pushed up and a pillow was shoved under my butt. I said to myself
that I was going to be raped and decided to make the best of it. I was surprised
to feel a tongue lap at my pussy. I was amazed that he was eating me out. My
feet were resting on his back and he was licking me. Joanne told me that she was
being licked. I realized this was a good thing as it meant her vagina would be
wet and that would reduce the pain when he first penetrated her. My rapist was
licking swirls around by clitoris while his fingers probed in and out my pussy.

Joanne started moaning along with me. I have always found it easy to cum when my
husband Ron eats me. My rapist knew his stuff and I concluded he was going to
get me off. Joanne was moaning faster and faster. She told me some time ago she
was masturbating to orgasm; so she must be aware of where we were both headed. I
came first and Joanne a few seconds later.

As soon as I climaxed, I felt the guy lean forward and position his cock at my
entrance. He said to his partner. "Mommy is hot, wet, and ready. I'm going to
fuck the shit out of the bitch" Then he drove into me. It was a good size cock
and he went as far as he could in one stroke. I groaned with the pain. He pulled
back and lunged again. This time it felt better.

I heard Joanne say "Oh shit, that hurt." Then I heard her rapist say something
about her hymen being tough. Joanne let out a little shriek. She told me that
her cherry was still in tact. I told her that she was going to have to help him
no matter how much it hurt. There was no telling what he might do if her
couldn't penetrate her. I said "Wrap your feet around his back and pull him in
on his next try."

Joanne let out an inhuman yell and I heard her rapist yell, "I'm in. This is one
tight pussy. Cherry must have been a half inch thick." His partner yelled back
some words of encouragement. Joanne head motion told me that he was plowing into
her. After a few strokes, she relaxed and whispered to me "It's not so bad now." 
They fucked us for a while and then climaxed. God I hope Joanne is not pregnant.

They left the room for a while. I asked Joanne how she was and she said her
pussy was sore but she was okay.

When they returned, they mounted us again. I think they swapped. The guy who had
broken Joanne's cherry entered me. His cock was definitely bigger than my first
rapist. He put my feet on his shoulders and bent me double as he fucked me.
Joanne whispered to me that she was okay. We both started moaning and breathing
harder. My rapist was holding himself tightly against my clitoris. Joanne
started moaning and chanting "fuck me" so I did the same.  Joanne climaxed and I
followed. I felt my rapist unload his cum deep inside my vagina.

They rested for a few minutes and then mounted us for a third time and raped us
again. This time my attacker mauled my breasts while he screwed me. He would
grab my nipples and pinch them. He also sucked them hard and even bit them.
After he climaxed, they rested for a while, then raped us once more. I
definitely remember we were both raped four times. I heard then talking about
the fact that Joanne had climaxed and that made her a whore. They said we were
both whores because decent women don't climax when they are being raped.

One of the rapist said, "Mom and daughter came together. We lucked out. These
are two first class sluts." My rapist wiped his cock across my breasts. Then
they both left.

After they left, Joanne asked me if we were bad women because we climaxed while
being raped. I told her that we were good women trying to survive a horrible
ordeal and nothing that occurred to us could possibly change that.

It must have been around noon when they left.

When they came back, they brought lunch. It consisted of water and a turkey
sandwich. I recall saying that the mayonnaise tasted home made and one of the
rapist said, "Yep, I made it myself. It was Mom's recipe".

Joanne and I agreed she would describe how they let us shower and clean up; so I
will skip that.

My body clock said it was early to mid afternoon when they started once again to
sexually abuse us. One of them announced "Time for some cock sucking. Mom gets
to start". They removed my head from the box and untied me completely. One of
them moved me to where I was on my back with my head hanging upside down off the
bed. Even though I had the sleep mask taped over my eyes, for some reason I
think the room was dark. Something one of them said (I can't recall his words)
made me think they were wearing those army goggles that let you see in the dark.

I felt a cock on my lips and I opened up, took it in and start sucking him.
These guys must have been pretty young because they had no trouble getting hard
and reaching orgasm time and time again. He started to pump in and out of my
mouth. My hands were free so I used them to stroke him and play with his balls
while I sucked. I felt him tighten up and then a flood of warm cum filled my
mouth. In less than a minute, there was a different cock in my mouth. It was
slightly larger and he seemed intent on forcing it to the very back of my mouth.
I kept gagging when he closed off my throat. I kept telling myself to relax and
after a couple of unsuccessful attempts, he got his cock head into my throat.
That seems to turn him on because shortly thereafter I had my second mouthful of
cum to swallow. They handed me a bottle of water and moved away. They warned me
just to sit quietly and not move.

One of them asked Joanne if she had ever sucked a cock and Joanne replied that
she had not. That seemed to require a conference on their part. They whispered
for a few minutes then moved over and untied Joanne. They warned her not to
touch her mask. One of them picked Joanne up and laid her beside me on the bed I
was in. He told Joanne to roll over on top of me in the sixty-nine position. I
realized they wanted the two of us to have oral sex. Joanne's knees were right
beside my ears and I could smell her pussy a few inches from my mouth.

The told Joanne to eat me out and she started immediately. She was so scared;
she would do anything they asked. One of them said to me, "Okay Mom, time to eat
some pussy." I have never touched a woman and they were asking me to perform
oral sex with my very own daughter. Joanne was gently sucking on my clitoris.
God, if I started objecting, who knows what they might do. I pulled Joanne's
pussy down to my face and started licking her. Joanne moaned and started licking
me in the same way I was licking her. I licked Joanne like Ron did me and before
long Joanne was very wet. I felt her slip some fingers inside my pussy and
finger me. I did the same for her. It's didn't take long for the two of us to
climax.

As soon as we did, I felt a cock right above my face. He guided it into Joanne's
pussy. His balls rested on my nose. I remember thinking that if someone ever
asked if I would be performing oral sex on my daughter while she was being
penetrated, I would have been horrified. I felt my legs being lifted and a cock
entered my pussy. The rapist told us to keep eating each other.

After he stroked into Joanne a few times, he withdrew his cock and stuck it in
my mouth. His cock was wet and slimy from Joanne's pussy. A little later, the
other one took his cock out of me and made Joanne suck it. I heard him say
"That's right, suck my dick, little slut." They did that for a while, fucking
us, and then forcing us to suck their cock covered with each other's secretions.
They switched a couple of times.

The one fucking me started pushing a wet finger inside my butt hole. I felt a
lubricant being smeared on and inside my asshole. I noticed a strange smell like
K-Y jelly and I sensed that Joanne's rectum was being lubricated also. I heard
one of the rapist say to the other. "Ready to try the backdoor?" I had never
experienced anal intercourse. I understand there are women who enjoy it. Ron had
never asked me to have anal sex and I never brought it up.

I felt something beside a finger being shoved inside my rectum. It was not a
cock. I think it was a butt plug. I heard Joanne whimper and say that something
hurt. Her rapist replied, "Relax, you'll get used to it. Wait till my cock is
inside your little poop chute."

My ass felt full but the sensation was not painful. Joanne returned to licking
my clitoris. It seemed so busy. I was alternating licking my daughter's clitoris
and sucking a wet cock My daughter was licking me while a cock was fucking my
pussy and a butt plug sliding in and out my asshole. I thought I was going
crazy. I wondered how Joanne and I would ever resume a normal mother daughter
relationship after this was over.

The butt plug was removed from my ass and I felt a cock pushing against my
sphincter. The same was happening to Joanne as she started to cry. She told him
it was too big. Then she let out a screech. He said, "It's not too big. It went
in." A cock slid inside my ass. The pain was terrible. I started sucking
Joanne's clitoris hoping that would relax her. She did the same for me. My ass
was really getting plowed. I could tell Joanne was getting the same. He pulled
his cock out of her ass and stuck it in my mouth. I could tell some of Joanne's
shit was on his cock but I sucked it anyway. After a minute or two, back in her
ass it went.  The two men switched. There was a different cock in Joanne's ass
and my mouth. On the other end, my ass and Joanne's mouth was getting the same
treatment. Finally, after a prolonged period of hard fucking, I felt the guy
unload n Joanne's ass. I felt warm cum splash inside my rectum. I felt a cock
back in my mouth and I sucked the cum and shit off it.

Joanne rolled off. They handed each of us a bottle of water to drink and told us
to sit still and be quiet for a moment. Joanne moved over to sit down beside me.
I put my arm around my little girl and hugged her to me as we drank our water.
My face was coated with Joanne's vaginal secretions and cum form the rapists
cock. My butt was sore from the anal rapes. Joanne's little bottom must have
hurt like hell.

They gave us dinner; then they put our heads back in the box and tied our wrists
to the side of the bed and left us. I was exhausted. I asked Joanne if she was
all right and she said she was sore but okay. She asked me whether it was my
first time performing oral sex with a woman and I said it was. She then told me
that it felt good when I was eating her. She said it was the best climax she had
ever had in her life. I didn't know what to say.  God I hope this awful
experience has not turned Joanne into a lesbian. I went to sleep.




Part 11 - Joanne the Daughter

This is my account of the second day.

The first thing they did was hurt my feet again. They took the straps off and
started to give me what I would call a torture foot massage. They must have
started with Mom first because she started screaming and begging them to leave
her feet alone. Since the straps were off, I tried to keep my feet away but the
guy held them and rubbed them while I screamed my lungs out.

The pain got less after a while and when I quit yelling the guy stopped. They
threw a blanket back over me and left. It was more comfortable not being tied
spread eagle.

When they returned they gave us some water and fruit. Between gulps of water I
kept begging them not to hurt my feet anymore. If they wanted my virginity, they
could have it; anything was preferable to foot torture.

One of them announced that they had drawn high card for who got to bust my
cherry and unfortunately for me, the one with the bigger cock won.  Mom got
upset and started crying again. At this point, however, the guys seem to know
things to do to us that hurt a lot worse than rape. I told mom I was okay and to
calm down.

The next thing I felt was a pillow being shoved under by butt. I guess that was
to make it easier to rape me. Mom started crying again. She said that one of
them was licking her down there and playing with her breasts. All of a sudden, I
felt a tongue on my clitoris.  He gave me long slow licks that went from right
above my clit almost to my butt hole. Mom told me she was being eaten out and I
said they were doing the same to me.

I started to get aroused. Mom's face was sweating and I could feel her wet cheek
against mine. She gave out a low moan and whispered, "Stop" but then she moaned
again. I'm not sure what Mom's point was in talking, these guys were going to do
exactly what they wanted.  I just lie there and let him lick me. One of the boys
who I made out with at a party had offered to get me off with his mouth and I
said no. However, if I had known it felt this good. I would have agreed. I
started moaning and sweating right with Mom. All of a sudden, Mom had an orgasm.
She thrashed around and yelled "I'm cumming". That sent me over the top and I
had one too. It was a little one. I was too scared to really cum.

The next thing I felt was the guy positioning himself between my legs. He put my
ankles up on his shoulders. He slid his cock up and down over my slit. I let out
a little moan. I whispered to Mom "He going to fuck me now."  She replied "I'm
already being fucked" and she let out a little oomph sound, as the guy must have
slid his cock in her all the way.

My rapist pushed forward and came up against my hymen and stopped. He rammed
right into it but couldn't get through. I let out a screech as that hurt like
hell. He tried again with no other result than I screeched louder. He told the
other one. "I can't get through. Her cherry feels tough as shoe leather." Mom
was moaning regularly from being fucked but mine could not get it past my
cherry.

I felt him brace himself and he slammed forward really hard this time. I saw
stars it hurt so badly and he even let out a little yell of pain.  "The little
slut's got a cherry like a brick wall," he said. I said to Mom "He can't do it.
Its hurting like hell." Mom was getting really pounded now. Her breath was on
the same rhythm as her rapist's down stroke.  She said, "Wrap your legs around
him and pull his cock into you."

I felt him bracing for another try. I wrapped my legs around his waist and
pulled hard and thrust up as he slammed down.  This time his cock went right
through my cherry and in as far as it would go.  I screamed from the pain as his
cock stretched deep within me. He let out a yell of triumph backed out and
fucked me again. The second time was not as bad as the first but it still hurt.
He got into a regular rhythm. I kept thrusting up and using my legs to pull him
into me. After a while, he climaxed, filling me with his cum. I was no longer a
virgin.

They left for a while. When they got back a different one immediately climbed on
top and started fucking me again. This guy was very different from the first. He
had a smaller body. He fucked me a good long while. Mom was being fucked also.
Both Mom and I climaxed almost together this time. They laughed about us being
mother-daughter whores who came together. They left after they came inside us. I
asked Mom if we were whores because we climaxed while being raped. She said we
were just doing what we had to in order to survive. Mom said we should cooperate
when having sex with them and maybe they would let us go like they promised.

They came back for a third time. This time the one who took my cherry fucked me
again. Mom and I just fucked away. I had been screwed three times so far. After
he finished the third rape, they swapped again. I was mounted for the fourth
time. That time, the guy took a long time to climax. He sucked on my titties as
he pumped away. I climaxed more than once. Mom was yelling, "fuck me" over and
over again. She told me that talking dirty to a man makes them cum quicker. I
started yelling, "fuck me" every time he stroked into me. Mom and I were quite a
pair, lying there sweating and screaming "fuck me". We fucked back like mad
women. I was kind of proud of Mom. She wanted us both to live and was willing to
do whatever it took to make that happen. Most moms would have just freaked out.

After the fourth rape, they said something about lunch, covered us up and left.

Mom asked me if I was all right. She told me not to think badly of her or
myself. Anything we did here was because we wanted to live, not something we
choose. She also asked me if I wanted to go on birth control pills when we got
back home. I said that it was probably a good idea. Mon said that once the genie
was out of the bottle, there was no way of getting it back in. I took that to
mean that once I lost my cherry, I would start sleeping with boys at school. I
suppose she is right.

When they came back, they brought us water and food. It was a turkey sandwich
with lettuce and mayonnaise on wheat. For guys they certainly eat healthy. They
let me eat first. After Mom and I were fed, they instructed us that they were
going to take Mom into a bathroom where she could shower and clean up. They
would put her in the bathroom and lock the door. Mom could remove the sack and
mask, then use the toilet and shower. After she was clean, she was to replace
the mask and sack and signal they could take her back to the bed and box (Mom's
name for their contraption). They warned us again that if we saw their faces, no
mater whose fault, we were dead.

They did the same to me. I was very careful with my mask and head sack. There
was a mirror in the bathroom. I did not look as awful as I expected. There was
some douche and they told me to use it. It stung quite a bit. I don't recommend
"Summer's Eve" right after you had your virginity taken. The shower felt great.
They even had the brand of shampoo I've been using. They had to carry me to and
from the bathroom. My feet hurt too much to walk.  When I got back to the bed,
they had changed the sheets. I guess rapists come in all degrees of personal
hygiene.

Some time passed before they started again. They took Mom out of the box and
made her suck them off. They asked me if I had ever sucked a cock and I
truthfully said no. I felt a little guilty about letting Mom have to suck both
of them. I know she does it with Daddy because I saw them one night on the
couch. We kids had been put to bed but I woke up and came out of my room that
overlooks the great room downstairs. My parents were on the couch. Mom's head
was down in Dad's lap and it was bobbing up and down, Daddy was certainly
enjoying Mom's efforts. I could see her licking the head then swallowing it into
her throat. His head was thrown back and he was moaning and kept repeating "Suck
it, bitch, suck that dick you cock sucking whore."  All of a sudden, Daddy sort
of reared up and grabbed Mom's head and forced it down on his cock. He jerked a
number of times. Mom sucked him several more times then leaned up and they
kissed with their tongues. I heard Daddy say "I love it when you snowball me".
Doris, my best friend, had told me about snowballing. I crept back to my room. I
had never dreamed my Mom would French kiss my Dad with a mouthful of his cum. At
that time, I remember thinking "Adults are weird".

Anyway, Mom sucked them both off with no help from her daughter.

I find this difficult to write about. They forced mother and I to have oral sex
with one another while they fucked our ass. They put us in the sixty-nine
position and told me to start eating my Mom's pussy. I was too scared to do
anything but start licking. I am not a lesbian and none of my friends at school
are. Mom's pussy was nice and clean from the shower they let us take. I don't
think I could have done it if Mom's hole was filled with cum from all the rapes.
They put me on top of Mom in the sixty-nine position. At first, I said I
couldn't do it to the rapist. He leaned down and told me, "If you don't, I'll
cut your Mom's nipples off and make you eat them." I knew he meant it so I just
started licking her clitoris and pussy. Mom started licking me as soon as I
started on her. I must admit that what Mom did felt good to me right from the
start. I don't know whether Mom has ever had sex with a woman but she sure
seemed to know what she was doing.  I imitated Mom and licked where she licked.
This really got me hot and I think it was the same with Mom. Both of us were
moaning. I heard Mom say, "Eat me, baby, eat your mothers cunt." In almost no
time, I had the best orgasm of my life. It seemed to go on forever. I had
climaxed that morning while I was being fucked and even before that at home when
I played with myself but those were nothing to the cum I had when Mom ate my
pussy. I really loved my Mom at that moment and I believe she loved me too.

After we climaxed, a cock went in my pussy. I was so wet that it slid right in.
This was my first dog style fuck. A hand pulled my head up a little and a cock
went sliding into Mom's pussy. He told me to keep licking her clit and I did. I
couldn't see anything because of the mask but it felt plenty weird to be licking
your Mom's clit while a cock was fucking her a couple of inches from your nose.
Mom was eating me while the rapist fucked me doggie style. He pulled his cock
out of Mom's pussy several times and stuck it in my mouth. I sucked it as best
as I could. The two rapists swapped several times so I got fucked by and had to
suck both of them.

I heard one of them tell the other that it was time for some butt fucking. I
felt my asshole being smeared with some kind of jelly. They did the same to Mom.
He slid his finger in my ass. That hurt a little. Mom's ass was getting
fingered. A second finger went into my ass. I knew what was coming next. I felt
a cock probing my butt hole and pushing to get inside. I yelled out it was too
big. One of them said something that made the other laugh. His cock must have
found the key because all of a sudden, it was in me. The rapist grabbed my hips
and pulled himself in as far as it would go. My God did that hurt. It was like I
had a baseball bat in my ass and ever muscle in my abdomen was squeezing to get
it out. He started fucking my ass. Mom was licking me and that helped to relax
me enough that it did not hurt as bad. I felt Mom's legs being pulled straight
up and I realized her turn for an ass fucking was coming. She grunted as the
rapist entered her. I licked her clit. After he had been fucking Mom's ass for a
while, he pulled his cock out and made me suck it. They did the same to Mom. If
anyone had ever told me that I would suck a cock right after it had been pulled
out of my Mother asshole, I would have told him or her they were crazy and
disgusting. But at the time, I wanted to live: so I just let him slide his cock
in my mouth even though I could smell Mom's shit on it. The guy finally climaxed
in my ass.

They pulled me off Mom and gave us a bottle of water. I sat down beside Mom and
she put her arm around me as we drank our water. My butt hurt like hell. My
pussy was sore and my feet were still impossible to touch without my crying out.

I guess they were worn out with us. They put is back on our beds with our heads
in the box and left us. Mom told me what a brave young woman I had been. She
said that we would have to talk about what they made us do when we got out of
this mess. I went to sleep.


Someone climbing on me and fucking me woke me up. I had no idea what time it
was. It must have been during the night. I'm sure they fucked me and I did not
dream it.  Mom slept right through it. After a while, he climaxed in me and got
off. Then someone else go on top of me. He slid his cock in me and then pulled
it out and pushed it inside my asshole. It hurt like hell at the start. After a
while I got used to it and it wasn't so bad. I squeezed my asshole tight every
time he stroked into me. After he climaxed, he leaned down and kissed my nipple
and said, "You're going to make a good whore like your Mom". I was not sure what
he meant by that. My Mom was not a whore.




Part 12 - Steve

This is my account of the third and final day.

It was time to get out our toys and increase the intensity. We usually follow a
pattern where the first day is pretty much normal sexual activity if you want to
call rape, cherry busting, and butt fucking normal. The second day we get more
serious and ratchet up the pain. I suppose it is human nature to always be
looking for a greater thrill.

Bill and I watched the local news as we ate breakfast. The disappearance of
Christine and Joanne was not the lead story but it was featured. There was a
short statement read by the family lawyer asking for the public's help in
finding the pair. The husband and two children stood by the lawyer looking sad
and miserable. Next, they had one of those pretty newswomen standing out in
front of the police station located in the same town where the mall was. She was
telling everyone that the police had called in the FBI since the state line was
nearby. Bill thought the newswoman looked hot and suggested we select her to
participate in our next field trial. I agreed it was an interesting idea and
worthy of further consideration.

Bill and I finished breakfast then fed our guests and let them take a shower.
That went smoothly. Their feet were still a mess. Christine could only get to
the bathroom if we carried her between us. Joanne was able to sort of hop on one
foot. Like we said earlier, we overdid the foot whipping

Once we had Mother and Daughter back on the beds with their heads in the box, we
resumed our activities. I selected two dildos. One was a latex replica of a
human arm. Faggots use it to simulate fist fucking. It's basically a rubber fist
and forearm all the way to the elbow. It's about two feet long. The other dildo
was your basic ten-inch rubber cock with a pair of balls.

Bill grabbed Christine's legs and pulled them back over her head in a "V". I
rubbed some K-Y on her ass and worked a finger or two in there to loosen her up.
You could tell by her crying and pleading she was not too crazy about the idea.
I got her butt hole loosened up then inserted the K-Y nozzle and gave it a good
squeeze. That put at least half a tube of lube in her ass. I lubed up the latex
arm. I used several fingers to work her butt open and then substituted the latex
fist. It took a good strong shove to get it past her asshole. The little lady
kept up her begging and pleading. "Stop, just fuck my pussy" she kept saying. I
told her we were going to fuck her pussy as soon as we got this up her ass. Once
the fist popped inside her ring, it took a good hard shove and we buried that
monster all the way inside her chocolate highway. Her butt ring was stretched
tight as a rubber band around the end of the rubber arm. I can't understand what
faggots get out of that. It looked real painful. She was hollering for us to
take it out. I stuck a couple of fingers in her snatch and yes; I could feel the
arm in her ass.

Next, we turned our attention to Joanne. I held her legs while Bill did the
honors. He used K-Y to lube her butt hole. He loosened her sphincter with his
fingers then she shoved that ten-inch cock home while our little lady screamed
her lungs out. At this point, both Mother and Daughter would have opted to suck
a dog's dick if we would remove our toys from their ass holes.

I climbed on Joanne and penetrated that tight little pussy. You could feel that
rubber cock right alongside my real one. It made her extra tight. And it must
have been painful because she was sobbing her heart out. I bit a nipple hard
enough to draw blood; then did the same to the other one. Her little body was
heaving and twisting as much as the restraints allowed.

On the other bed, Bill was giving it to Christine. Ever time Bill stroked home,
she screamed. He was chewing on her nipples and biting down hard. Bill and I
swapped cunts. Christine's pussy was really tight. You could feel that big
rubber arm as you fucked her. I pushed my cock against it and that seemed to
cause her extra pain. I fucked her pussy pushing against the arm listening to
her begging me to stop. Bill was having similar fun with Joanne.

We swapped fuck holes a couple more times before we dumped our loads in their
twats. It was kind of awesome looking down at Christine's pussy with her asshole
wrapped tightly around the rubber arm and her pussy gapped open with my cum and
little streaks of blood leaking out. Joanne looked pretty much the same except
there was more blood. There was even more blood on their tits.  I played around
with the digital cameras to make sure we had good close-ups of those tortured
cunts. Maybe one day, we would print off a copy, frame them, and mail it to
Mother and Daughter as keepsakes. 

We got out the tit presses and needles for the next and final round. We told
Christine that we were going to put Joanne's boobs in the press first so she
could listen to her daughter scream.  I took pliers in each hand and got a firm
grip on each nipple and stretched her little knockers out till they looked like
they were being rippled off. Bill fitted the press around them and started
tightening. It took a few seconds for the four wing nuts to reach the point
where the pressure started.

At that point, the little bitch went crazy. Having your tits squeezed flat
between two boards must seriously hurt. She started begging us to just fuck her,
even her ass. She offered to suck our cocks if we removed the press. Bill just
kept tightening and Joanne just kept screaming. Mom was getting excited about
what we were doing to Joanne. Joanne's legs were shaking. When the boards were
about one and a half inches apart we stopped. Steve handed me a needle and I
pushed it through one nipple while he did the other. Then I took a second longer
needle and went right back through the end of the nipple back into the breast. I
would say it went all the way between the boards and hit the sternum. The force
of the press compacted the flesh and you had to shove hard to penetrate that
area. Joanne was gasping for breath against the pain.

We left Joanne to suffer. Her ass was full of ten inches of hard rubber cock.
Her tits were squeezed to about the height of a sandwich and there were two
needles in each tit.

Christine's bigger knockers looked ready for the press. I grabbed her long
nipples with the pliers and practically lifted her off the bed. What a wail she
let out as she arched her back trying to get her boobs higher. Bill put the
press in place and ran up the wing nuts. Christine had big round full tits and
the press started to force the nipple and about three inches of tit flesh to
balloon out the front of the press. Bill tightened to where each breasts was
purple. Mother Christine was screaming her lungs out. I stuck my fingers in her
pussy and grabbed the arm dildo with my fingers and squeezed. Mom let out a big
powerful scream and passed out cold.

We went back to Joanne and started playing pincushion with her little boobs. We
had 10-15 needles in each tit. She screamed when we put a needle in. She
screamed some more when we tightened the press.

Christine returned to consciousness. Bill handed me a box of needles. We put so
many needles in her boobs we ran out of tit flesh. I selected a couple of
pointed meat skewers and worked one of them in through her tit and started
scraping her sternum with the point. I read somewhere that bone scraping as it
is called is one of the most hideous of all tortures. Based on Christine's
reaction, I would have to agree.

We switched to Christine's pussy and embedded quite a few needles in the labia
and clitoris. The clit is super sensitive and she jerked her body up off the bed
each time I speared it with a needle. I did a little bone scraping of the pubic
bone.

We switched over to Joanne's twat to pierce her little pussy. Both women were
hysterical. There was time for one final fuck. We pulled the needles and skewers
out and mounted the women. I went deep into Joanne. The dildo in her ass still
made for a tight fit of her pussy around my cock. I started tightening the tit
press again as I fucked away. The little bitch seemed beyond caring so I reached
down grabbed her little belly button stud and yanked it right out. It tore away
a piece of her navel. She let out what must have been her loudest scream of the
whole three days. Then the little bitch fainted. I fucked the shit out of her
for a few more minutes and then shot my load in that snatch for the last time.

We removed the tit press. The dildos took a little effort to get out of their
assholes. There was a lot of blood. Nothing looked permanently damaged except
Christine's nipples and Joanne's navel.  Both were pretty fucked up.

It was documentation time. We sent each one to the shower then sat them down at
a computer and showed them the template. I had to motivate Joanne to participate
by telling her that failure to write would cause her mother to lose her clitoris
and Joanne her ears. Most people respond positively when you threaten them with
disfigurement, especially women.




Part 13 - Christine

This is my account of the third day.

I would have to say that this was the worst day of my life. I thought that
yesterday was beyond comparison but looking back on it, it was nothing compared
to what happened to Joanne and me on the third day.

It started off pretty much the same as the day before. They gave us breakfast
and allowed us to shower and use the bathroom. Then they put us back in what I
refer to as the "bed and box".

Someone grabbed my legs and pulled them straight up and back so I was almost
bent double. Yesterday, that was the prelude to anal rape but today it turned
out differently. They lubricated my rectum and started pushing fingers inside. I
was sore from yesterday and my butt hurt when he had several fingers inside me.
Then I felt him squirt what I think was more lubricant straight into my rectum.
I told myself to relax that I had survived yesterday's anal rape and I would
somehow live through today's. Joanne kept asking me what was going on. They were
leaving her alone at the moment.

I felt a blunt object at my backdoor. He gave it a hard shove and it slipped
past my anal ring. It felt huge inside me. I started to get scared, real scared.
I felt a lot of pressure and then the object began to move inside my colon. It
went in further and further. I felt my guts churn, as it must have moved things
around in there. I started crying that it was going to kill me. When it stopped,
it felt like the blunt end of a baseball bat had been shoved inside my body. The
pressure was tremendous. I started to beg them to take it out of me. Joanne
started to panic. She was crying and begging them to leave me alone. She started
calling out "leave my mommy alone, fuck me but don't hurt her."

I felt a couple of fingers enter my vagina and feel the thing in my ass through
that thin membrane that lines my vagina. He explored me with his fingers. I
heard him tell the other one to come over and feel it. I felt one set of fingers
slide out and other one slide in. I heard one of them say, "Man, that's going to
be a tight fuck. Let's get our little princess tightened up."

Joanne told me they were lubricating her ass. I told her she was going to have
to be very brave because they were going to do to her what they had done to me.
Joanne started screaming for them to take it out of her. She was in a lot of
pain. She told me they had shoved something huge up her ass and she could feel
it deep inside her bowels. It was horrible.

A cock penetrated my vagina. The pain was unbearable. I thought something inside
me was going to rupture. Joanne was getting fucked too. She was begging them to
stop. They kept at it until I didn't have the strength to yell anymore. They
swapped between us a number of times. They started biting my breasts. I mean
sinking their teeth into the flesh. I heard Joanne yell, "Don't bite my
titties." My vagina was so tight from what was in my butt that every stroke was
purge agony. One of them almost bite my nipple off. I felt like the walls of my
vagina were being pulled apart. After a while, they must have cum because they
got off us and left for a while.

Joanne asked me if they had left that thing in my butt. I said yes and she said
it was still inside her. She asked me what it was and I said it was probably
some kind of big dildo or anal probe. I'm not sure how but I knew it was made
out of rubber. God it felt strange to have something that big inside your body.
Joanne said she felt her vaginal walls tearing while the one with the bigger
cock was fucking her. I hope there is no permanent damage. I was also horrified
that the dildos would have to be removed by a doctor. They felt lodged inside
me. As it turned out, I was wrong about that.

The men announced they were going to use "tit presses" on us next and that
Joanne was going to go first. I had never seen a tit press but I had a good idea
what one was. It was a simple device. There were two boards connected with four
bolts and tightened using wing nuts. One of them explained it that way. I
shuddered at the thought of Joanne's beautiful young breasts being tortured that
way. They wanted me to listen to Joanne screaming and then I would get the same
treatment. Joanne started to cry. She was afraid they would disfigure her
breasts and no boy would be interested in a girl with ugly breasts. I told her
that while it would be painful, it would not cause permanent damage. I did not
know that for sure but I had to say something. To a fifteen-year-old girl,
appearance is about the most important thing on earth.

Joanne started screaming they were lifting her by her nipples. Later they did
the same thing to me using pliers. She told me they had put wooden boards on top
and bottom of her boobs and they were slowly closing the boards together. Joanne
started screaming and begging them to stop. She said her boobs were being
flattened. Joanne was just howling. All of a sudden she lifted her head up and
screamed. They had driven a needle straight into her nipple. They did the same
to the other nipple. She passed out.

They left her and started on me. Someone stood on the bed, reached down with
pliers and grabbed my nipples and pulled upward.  They actually picked me up by
my nipples. The other one put my breasts in the press and started closing it up.
I have large breasts and several inches of my boobs stuck out the front of the
press. They tightened and tightened it until I passed out from the pain. They
brought me around with smelling salts. They started tightening again. I passed
out again. They brought me back with the smelling salts once more. Joanne was
screaming for them to stop sticking pins in her boobs. She told me they were
going in one side and out the other.

I felt a hand grab my nipple. It was fat and swollen from the press. I felt a
needle being pushed through it, just the nipple itself. Then another needle was
pressed directly in from the front. It was a long needle and it went deep inside
my breast. When the needle was all the way in he worked it around and I felt it
scrape against my sternum. You cannot imagine the agony of having a needle
scrape against a bone inside your body.

I felt them both standing on each side of the twin bed. They begin to stick
needles into the ballooned parts of the breasts that stuck out in front of the
tit press. Each was puncturing a breast. Then I felt something blunter that a
needle being forced into my flesh. All the time I was pleading with them to
stop.

One of them said "Christine, That was a meat skewer, like you cook shish-kebob
with. Here, feel what happens when I give it a little twist."

I passed out. They brought me back with a whiff of ammonia. I could feel blood
oozing out of my breasts. They went back to sticking needles in my tits. I kept
screaming. Then they started sticking them in my vaginal lips. They pulled my
clitoris out and stuck several needles in it.

I heard one of them say, "Let's try a hot needle." I felt heat and then a
searing pain as they pushed that in my clitoris. Poor Joanne was suffering too.
They had put needles in her pussy lips and clitoris. When one of us passed out,
they would switch to the other. The torture with the tit press and needles went
on for what seemed like hours. Finally I guess they got tired of it and stopped.
We were too hoarse to scream anymore.

They started pulling the needles out. When the needles were removed, one of them
mounted me and fucked me once again. He put his cock in me and then started
tightening the tit press. I really lost it and became hysterical.  There is only
so much pain a body can stand. I think they were fucking Joanne as the same
time. I started shaking all over. He would slide his cock in me and then tighten
the press some more.

After several repetitions of fucking and tightening, he climaxed and rolled off
me. My breasts were in agony. Joanne said her were flat and she was crying that
they were ruined and scarred and no one would be interested in a girl with boobs
with scars all over them. I thought for a minute how Ron would react when he saw
what these men had done to me.  I decided then that I was not going to allow him
to see my body until it had healed up.

They announced that they were through playing with us. The removed the tit
press. I started screaming and passed out when the blood started flowing back
into my breasts. When I came to, they had removed the dildo from my ass.

The next part totally amazed me. One of them sat down beside me on the bed and
told us that we were going to have to sit in separate rooms for the next four
hours and write a detailed three-part account of each day including how we were
raped and tortured. They wanted at least 2,000 words about each day.  Joanne
said she did not think she could do it. The guy reached down and grabbed my very
sore clitoris and said to me. "You tell Joanne that if she does not write it all
down as instructed, we are going to cut your clitoris off and then we are going
to cut her ears off. He said we were four or five hours from going home. I told
Joanne to listen to me. I told her that she could do this. I told her about the
ears and how she would be disfigured. Joanne agreed to write her part.

They took me to the bathroom. I showered. I was almost afraid to look at my
breasts in the mirror. They were black and blue with dozens of red puncture
wounds. Both my nipples were split apart. I felt better after my shower. I could
even hobble along on my feet although it hurt like hell. They walked me with a
sack over my head into a small room that contained a table, desk chair, lamp and
computer. There were two bottles of water and another turkey sandwich. There was
a template for me to follow already set up on the word processor.

Below are my responses to questions on the template that I do not think I
covered in the narrative of the day's events.

1. Were you surprised by your daughter's behavior and if so, in what way?

I was surprised that Joanne was able to endure so much pain and still be
concerned for my welfare. Joanne proved to be a survivor who met the challenges
that the continual rape and torture posed.

2. How will your relationship to your daughter be affected by fact that you
engaged in mutual oral intercourse?

This is something the two of us are going to have to work out. It would be
highly embarrassing if it became known within our community that we had engaged
in such activity even if we were forced by circumstances. I think we will put
this behind us and get on with our lives.




Part 14 - Joanne

This is my account of the third day.

The guys really hurt Mom and me that day. They shoved something up inside our
butts and it was too big. I screamed when they did it. It must have been really
big because my poor butt hole felt like it was going to split. And it was so
long, it reached up inside me to where it felt like it was in my stomach.

I think their idea was to make our pussies real tight so that the rape would
really hurt. They stuck it in Mom's butt first. She begged them to take it out.
Then they did me and we were both begging them. When one of their cocks entered
me, I blacked out for a moment from the pain. My insides were so stretched I was
afraid something would burst. My pussy stretched out after they had fucked me a
while and the pain got a little less. They traded places several times. The
weight of their bodies pressing down forced the thing in my butt to push against
their cocks as they fucked me. Then they started grabbing my nipples with their
teeth and biting down. Their teeth dug into my flesh and I screamed for them to
stop. I could tell the bites were puncturing the skin. My breasts are small but
I think they're pretty. I hope they are not scarred. Mom was yelling for them to
stop chewing her nipples. Mom has long nipples so it must have hurt like crazy.
They finally climaxed and slipped off us.

They left us alone for a few minutes. When they came back, they announced they
were going to use a "tit press" to smash our boobs and that this time I got to
go first. I felt a short board on the top and a similar board on the bottom of
my boobs. I quickly got the idea how a tit press worked. My nipples were grabbed
with a metal pincher and pulled hard straight up. My nipples were smashed flat.
I think they used pliers to grab my nipples and pull my boobs out as far as they
would go as they fitted the tit press on me. They practically lifted me off the
bed by my nipples. Let someone lift you up by your nipples if you want to know
real pain.  I was screaming again. I felt the press begin to tighten on my
boobs. It squished harder and harder till they started getting flat. Mom was
hysterical worried about me. They kept tightening till they were almost flat
under the board with the end parts all bulged out like overstuffed sausages.
They felt like two balloons about to burst. I would have let them fuck me every
day for a year if they would stop the tit press.

When they stopped, my boobs were practically flat. I heard them say something
about needles. Also of a sudden, I felt a sharp piercing pain. One of them told
me they had just shoved a needled into the center of my breast. They put a
needle in the other boob and I must have passed out. They used that smelling
stuff to bring me awake again.

They said they wanted me to listen to Mom being put in the tit press .Mom
started begging them to leave her alone. They she started to scream really loud
and repeatedly. I heard them say that Mom's tits were big enough for a lot of
needles. She was wailing, offering to do anything to get them to stop. They must
have really worked on her boobs because it went on a long while. Mom sort of
lost it as the pain got to her. I could feel the sweat on her cheek as they
tortured her boobs. Mine were a dull ache. I still had something huge in my ass.
But Mom was really getting it. You could feel her whole body shaking. I got
worried she would have a stroke or a heart attack. They kept at her. I heard one
of them say something about a pincushion.

They left Mom and started to push pins into my breasts. They would put a long
pin in that would go out the other side. Then they would grab the part of my
boob sticking out of the tit press and squeeze it. Several times they tightened
the press. I screamed every time. Then I felt someone grab the lips of my pussy
and stick a pin through them. I could really feel that. They even stuck one
directly in my clitoris and worked the pin around. That was awful. I could feel
it scraping my pubic bone. Mom and I couldn't comfort each other. We were both
screaming our lungs out. Mom was crying about her tits, her poor tits, over and
over again. I guess I was lucky my boobs are small.

Then they went back to working on Mom. She screamed for a while then became
totally incoherent.

They returned to me and pulled all the pins out. I could feel the blood on my
chest. A cock entered my vagina and I was being raped once more. He started
tightening the press; but I was beyond caring. I felt him grab the stud I had
inserted in my navel on my birthday and he pulled it out. It had a real diamond
and I thought it looked extra cool. I felt my flesh ripping away. There was a
pool of blood on my belly button. I screamed as loud as I could. It hurt awful.

He took a while but finally he climaxed. They removed the tit press and pulled
the thing out of my ass. I felt so relieved. They did the same for Mom.

They announced we were done except for having to write this account of our
experiences. At first I said I couldn't do it. I was too tired and sore to
write. They told me that if I didn't write a complete and accurate account they
would heat up a hair curling iron and stick it in my vagina and asshole. They
threatened to amputate Mom's clitoris. They also said they would cut off my
ears.  Mom told me to pull myself together. She reminded me that English
composition was my best subject and that I had won two essay competitions last
year.

I had already made up my mind I would do it when they threatened to cut my ears
off. I didn't want to go back to school disfigured.

They put us in separate rooms in front of a computer. I saw that the time was
mid afternoon. They said we had four hours to enter our account. There was an
outline we had to follow and certain things had to be included. There was a
sandwich and a bottle of water on the desk. I got to writing. As I read over the
three parts I wrote, I think I did a pretty good job of getting it all down.

One thing I want to discuss with Mom is whether we have to tell anybody we ate
each other's pussies. We live in a small town and there are two girls in my
school whose dads are cops. If it got around that I ate my Mother's pussy, I
would just die. Even if we were forced, people would be looking at me in the
hall and saying there's the girl that ate her mom's snatch. She must be a
lesbian. Mom and I have to agree to keep that part secret.

As it is, all my school friends are going to know that I was raped. Doris and
Ellen, my very best friends, will want to know what happened. I have no idea how
I will respond when I am at one of our make-out parties and the boy wants me to
go all the way. At one time, remaining a virgin for a while longer was a goal.
Now it seems irrelevant. I know Doris has intercourse and she is on the pill.
Mom offered to put me on the pill. I think I will take her up on it.




Epilogue - Steve

We bound and gagged our guests and put them naked inside a couple of canvas bags
we bought in an army surplus store. After dark and closing time, we drove to the
rear of a strip mall and dumped them in a trash container behind the grocery
store. I bet that was a nasty, smelly experience.  After we drove away for 30
minutes, we found a pay phone and called 911 and told the police where to find
Christine and Joanne.

The next morning, there was extensive coverage about finding the missing women.
I think most people had assumed they would either turn up dead or never be
found. They were reported to be in good condition and expected to make a full
recovery. One of the stations had the attractive newswoman standing in front of
the very trash dumpster where the women were found.

Bill pointed out what a turn on it would be if we abducted her. We could keep
her a few days fucking the shit out of her and then let her go. Then, assuming
she went back to her old job, we could get a hard on every time the lady
appeared in front of some news site. There she would be in front of a
convenience store that was robbed and Bill and I would remember her strapped
down with our cocks inside her. I had to agree it would be hot.

I have many hours of digital video and audio to go through in completing my
research on this particular field trial. It was obvious that Christine and
Joanne had an excellent relationship going into the field trial. Furthermore, at
least in the short term, the rape and torture seemed to strengthen not weaken
it. I will be listening carefully to the recordings of the inside-the-box mother
and daughter conversations that occurred between them. I am particularly
interested in what they said while we were out of the room. I will work hard to
glean any subtext of their remarks and attempt to predict how it will change
their relationship in the longer run. The two of them must process the
experience where they performed oral sex upon one another and reached orgasm.
That's a life event that few upper middle class mother/daughter experience.

At some point, it might be illuminating to abduct another mother and daughter of
about the same age and subject them to an identical agenda of rape and torture.
That would allow me to verify results.

My brother has accessed the Web site of the television station to look at the
biography of the newswomen that has caught his fancy. We discussed the fact that
in her line of work, her appearance is critical. I wonder what obscene acts she
would be willing to perform if you threatened to cut her nose off.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





