BDSM Library - The Head Masters Wife Should Have Known Better




The Head Masters Wife Should Have Known Better
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: So she thought her new feelings would be a secret, nobody would know about her little indiscretion, if hubby or the school board found out there would be hell to pay.
Another story from Pagan

The Head Masters Wife Should Have Known Better

"Allright dear I understand"he rolled over and felt his stiff cock press into
the bed,shit, he thought how could he be married to such a beautiful woman and
be so frustrated,in the eight years of marriage he couldn`t have fucked her more
than two hundred times,the same old reasons,I don`t feel like it,I,m to close to
my cycle what if the rubber broke,you know I don`t want children not after what
happened to my sister,sex is only for making babies that`s what Mother,Father
and the Church said,or your to heavy, what do you mean another way,no,don`t be
disgusting there is only one position.If only she wasn`t so wonderful in every
thing else.She stood by me when we lost everything on that silly book of
mine,helped me get this position as Head master of this very well to-do
school,god will you  look at her 5ft "2,long red hair,perfect body,of course,why
shouldn`t she, she hasn`t had children and the most perfect pair of 42D you
could imagine and I thought I was in for heaven when she said, wait till we are
wed.I wanked before we were married I didn`t think I would have to after,god
she`s beautiful if she wasn`t such a prude she could have made a fortune as a
center-fold and why do`s she have to wear that bloody night-dress.Oh well maybe
that`s why she married an older man but even I need it sometimes maybe tomorrow
now it`s time to get some sleep it will be another long day,loads of marking to
do and as Summer break is only a month away I have lots of swatting myself,I
have at least six courses, some two dayer`s some will take day`s as they are out
of the county.

This is the life she thought,Mrs Diana Forb Head-Masters wife,it was a lot
better than when they lost everything,his stupid book,thanks be to god that this
position came and he worked hard and got it,she had it all, nice
house,security,position and a wage coming in,they will have paid all the debts
off in another six months,she had just worked it all out,finished the
accounts,she had cooled down after her row with the schools caretaker,idle lout
and that black assistant of his,she`d fire both of them if given half a chance
and they knew it. A good day and it was time for an orange juice and a sit in
the garden it was a very hot summer.She had her shorts and summer top on,she
thought it would be cool enough so she picked up her orange,the Tarten rug and
went outside.

She laid on the rug and drifted in to a half sleep she was aware of some chatter
it was the girl next door,they must be out of school,still he wouldn`t be home
for another three hours and it was too hot.There was only one thing put on my
bathing costume,she had two,a all in one for the beach and a bikini for the
privacy of her garden,the bikini it was and she was soon back on the rug.As she
lay there she could see next doors garden through a small hole in the bushes and
the young girl was sunbathing with a friend,both very pretty girls but there
bikinis,well more like to thin bits of material covering very little and they
weren`t small girls.

She was drifting off again as the chatter stopped and a slurping noise confused
Diana she looked through the bushes and was shocked to see next doors daughter
kissing her friends breasts,sucking her nipple and her right hand was under the
thong of her bikini,she was playing with her,Diana closed her eyes but she
couldn`t close her ears.Diana tried to drift off again but the slurping noise
changed to a licking sound and she could`nt resist looking my god they were
laying on their side licking at their pussies they were gyrating into each
others mouths,Diana felt very strange, she found herself touching herself
between the legs she was wet and she couldn`t stop watching although she thought
their act filthy there was nothing she could do, she was getting wetter.The
girls moaned and obviously they had come Diana closed her eyes to the sight but
her mind was full of young girls,young naked girls,"Hello Mrs Forb"she pulled
her hand away from between her legs and looked up,she was staring between the
thong cover legs of the girl next door and her friend.

"Hot arn`t you, shall I get some more orange drink",Diana stammered "Ya YYes"
anything to get her away and cover her nerves,she returned and handed the juice
to Diana who drank it,it tasted bitter but she drank it.The girls sat beside
Diana,she thought how pretty they were, the talk was small,weather, school, etc
when, after five minutes,Diana felt strange she told the girls they should go as
she felt unwell "It must have been the orange",the girls laughed,"Oh no, that
orange was ecstasy,if your not well let us help you inside"and the girls helped
her up and they went inside.They let her drop on to the sofa,she giggled,"Oh I
am sorry I don`t know what`s happening to me,"she giggled again.The girls looked
at her,"It must be the excitement of watching us lick our pussie`s,we saw you
peeking through the bushes,now we will let you see us do it again, this time up
close".

Diana had a weird excitement she knew it was wrong but couldn`t stop herself,
her body was hyper,everything was happening round her,her eye`s were on the two
pretty girls and they had to stop but she couldn`t be the one to do it.Trudy
knelt down and pulled her friends thong down,"Do you like Bobbies pussie,don`t
you think she cuts it perfect,one thin line of brown hair pointing to heaven,"  
and she bent forward and kissed it,Diana had never seen sex between to women
before today,she was speechless.

Trudy bent forward and licked Bobbies pussie,"MMMMM taste`s nice,do you like
your pussie licked,I love a good tonguing don`t you Mrs Forb?"Diana couldn`t say
anything,"I eeerrrr,I I eerrr,don`t eerrr,"Bobbie joined in the fun,"Oh Mrs Forb
a woman as beautiful as you must like everything done to her pussie?"The girls
knew the tablet in the drink would completely bemuse Diana,"Would you like to
lick Bobbies pussie,is that why you were watching us this afternoon,did you want
to join in,I bet you wanted to get your tongue up her".Diana`s mind told her to
stop this but her body couldn`t do anything,the girls stripped off everything
and moved towards Diana.

She sat there transfixed as both girls moved in ether side of her,Trudy sat on
the sofa and Bobbie on the arm making sure her cunt was close to Diana.Trudy
moved close,"Arn`t you hot,you could always get naked like us,we won`t tell
anyone,at our age we must keep things quite,Diana looked but said nothing,"Don`t
you like my pussie,"Diana couldn`t take her eye`s off the naked pussie between
Trudy`s leg`s she  could even see the moistness of the lip`s.Do you shave your
pussie? my girl friends like me this way,"Bobbie smiled,"Come on Mrs Forb you
know you want too and we want to see those magnificent boobs,all the boy`s talk
about wanting to fuck you and what they would like to do to them big titie`s

Diana made a feeble attempt to get up but Bobbie held her face and kissed
her,she pulled back shocked and Trudy was there waiting to kiss her again,now
she was totally flustered,Trudy said,"If you don`t want to join in your a very
naughty girl,"Bobbie was in,"Yes and if we are naughty we get spanked,"Trudy was
with her,"That's true, come on Mrs Forb take your punishment for peeking at the
girls pussie`s.

The two girls pulled at Diana,deadly serious but making jokes at Diana,"Come on
Mrs Forb stand up we can`t punish you sat down,Diana`s head was twisting back
and forward looking at the two naked girls as they pulled her up,the two girls
were taller than her and Bobbie held her arms looking at her,"Will you stand
still Mrs Forb,"she shook her as the first slap on Diana`s bottom stund her,she
stood there staring at Bobbie as the second one hit,then the third and with it
another unknown feeling came over her.

Bobbie could see Diana`s face and she just stood there and took the forth and
fifth spanking and she could see a change and Bobbie smiled as she saw Diana
bite her lips and half close her eye`s,she looked at Trudy,"Keep spanking, your
turning her on big time".Trudy thought it was time to take the risk and go for
it,"Bend over Mrs Forb and take your punishment properly,"Diana looked
helplessly in to Bobbies eyes,her entire body trembling,Bobbie just smiled,took
a handful of red hair and pulled downwards.Trudy`s eyes stared at the beautiful
yellow covered pantie bottom that was offered in front of her.

Now Bobbie moved round and started to slap at the beautiful target,Trudy was
slapping but leaving her hand on the bottom for a while rubbing,Diana could not
move everything she had thought of as wrong was confused in her mind but the one
thing she did know was, what ever these girls were doing to her,her body had
never felt like it before.Trudy felt the next stage was at hand,"You are a
naughty girl I think we should punish you more,don`t you,"the tablet,the
sensations, nothing was real anymore and a pathetic,"I don`t know,"was greeted
by her bikini bottoms being pulled down,exposing two firm round globes and
between them a puffy pair of cunt lips,which the girls happily slapped.
  
With each girl stood ether side as the slapping slowed and their hands stand
longer on the smooth skin one playing around the crack of her bottom the other
tickling between the legs finding out how wet Diana had become,soft moans were
being forced from her lips as the girls expertly fingered her,Bobbie put her
head down beside the bent Diana,"I think it`s time we saw some tit`s,"and with a
deft touch she undid the bikini top and it tumbled down the arms and laid on the
floor,Diana`s 42D breasts hung in all their glory.

As each slap struck Diana`s bottom another tingling sensation coursed through
her and the girls knew she was getting more and more aroused,they stood ether
side of her, raised her up and said,"Come on you naughty lady,let`s go upstairs
and finish your punishment". Still dizzy from all that was happening,Diana was
pulled towards the stairs.In her numb state she climbed the stairs,as she took
each step another slap struck home until she had to be helped in to the
bedroom,she stood by her bed,looking at the girls not knowing why and wondering
what would happen next.

Trudy,now totally in charge told her to kneel on the bed,she did,bend over,she
did and more slaps made her bottom move,Bobbie got on the bed in front of her
and spread her legs ether side,Diana looked up into Bobbies eyes,still unable to
comprehend the situation,Bobbie looked down at her own pussie and started to rub
it,using her fingers to open it,Diana`s eyes were fixed on the soft fold`s of
the labia around the pink entrance as Bobbie slid forward she put her hand on
the back of Diana`s head and pulled it down to her pussie.A few more slaps and
Diana`s tongue touched Bobbie`s pussie and licked and licked again,Bobbie let go
of her head and laid back on the bed savouring the moment,she had her head
masters wife licking her cunt.

Trudy stopped spanking and knelt behind Diana,using her thumbs she pulled apart
the exposed lips and sank her tongue into the wet pink flesh,Diana went to move
but Bobbie`s hand held her head firm.Diana was so far up the line to a climax
that it only took a few minutes of experienced tongue to have her moving and
writhing in to an unbelievable orgasm,she collapsed to the side of Bobbie her
heart pounding as never before.

Both girls knew they had more time to have fun with their dazed playmate,they
flipped her on her back and Trudy was between her legs again,this time two
fingers were up,sawing away as her tongue relentlessly flicked over the proud
clit,Bobbie was only interested in the perfect breasts that jutted upward,she
was in ore of the large round arousals that circled the thick short nipple,her
mouth gorged on them,her tongue also flicking mercilessly to arouse the
beautiful woman once more.

Diana`s hips pushed up towards the finger`s and tongue,Bobbie moved round
positioning herself to lower her cunt on to Diana`s open mouth all the time
rolling the harding nipples in between her fingers.Diana was moaning with
pleasure as Bobbie sat on her face and enjoyed the lapping tongue that speared
her wet cunt and the two girls spent the next half hour keeping their victim in
a permanent state of sexual excitement,licking her everywhere and if they
weren`t kissing her mouth she had one of them sitting on it,Bobbie`s activities
on her nipples nearly had them bursting,they really enjoyed her body before
leaving her to pull herself together before Bernard came home.

She had many cups of coffee and was in the bath when Bernard came home,with
great difficulty she carried on,luck was on her side after dinner he went to the
study to swat on a course that was coming up and she went to bed early,nothing
unusual in that.

For the rest of the week things were normal and she avoided going out and the
two of them enjoyed a quite weekend,it was Tuesday lunch time when there was a
knock on the door.

It was a tall elegant young girl,"My name is Mandy,I`ve been told to report to
the head master after school for punishment,"she started to cry,Diana
immediately let her in to the study she made her sit down and poured her a drink
of water.She stopped crying and Diana said,"My husband won`t be home until five
are you sure he meant after morning class because I think he meant afternoon,the
girl started to cry again she picked her bag up and searched for a hanky,then
set the bag down on the table,Diana was most concerned,"Please don`t cry it
won`t be half as bad as you think,"the girl said" It will, it will, would you
spank me then you could tell him you had punished me,I know you won`t be so
rough".

Diana was completely flustered now she ummed and eeerrrd and didn`t now what to
say,the girl  continued,"I,m only 14 and I can`t take it,look,"and she lifted up
her skirt and showed Diana her pert panty covered bottom,Diana couldn`t take her
eyes of the firm young curves as the girl continued to show more of her body,
Diana remembered last week and became more and more aroused,thoughts of what
those girls had done to her filled her head.Mandy took Diana's hand and laid it
on her bottom,"Please just a small spanking,I`m not old enough to take anything
else".Diana lost control and squeezed the soft flesh under her hand,"I,I,oh
alright if you wh--,"she was cut of in mid sentence,"Would you like me with my
skirt off,I,ll take it of for you Mrs Forb,that is the correct way to address
you isn`t it,"Diana said ,"Yes,"she turn for the strap,"Do you want my bare
ass,Mrs Forb,"and before Diana could say anything as she looked at her ass she
had her pant`s off and she was bent over the table.

Diana looked at the young bottom exposed before her,she could see the puffy
lip`s of her young pussie between her legs and she felt weak at the knees and
she knew that under her skirt her own pussie was very wet.She steadied her self
on he desk as she lifted the rest of the skirt up over the back of the girl and
brought the strap down with less energy than swatting a fly,Mandy giggled,"Oh
you do spank beautifully Mrs Forb,do you like spanking young girls bottom,"for
some unknown reason Diana said,"Yes".She still giggled,"You can spank mine all
the time,it`s so nice,"Diana was completely lost in her lust,this couldn`t be
happening to her,but it was.

Mandy wiggled her bottom at Diana,she couldn`t control herself as she spanked
again her whole body was trembling,Mandy could see it,she suddenly stood up and
took the strap,"My turn,with or with out your skirt,"Diana couldn`t think and
Mandy spun her round and unzipped her skirt,"Isn`t this fun,"as she pulled
Diana`s skirt down.Mandy pushed Diana over the desk and hit her before she had
time to protest,this stunned her and gave time for Mandy to spank her twice
more,Diana`s head swam all those feeling of last week came flooding in to her
body only more,Mandy`s voice had that sound of triumph,"Are you enjoying being
spanked by a 14 yr old girl Mrs Forb,your bottom`s lovely when it`s red,I think
I`ll take your pants off now".

Diana just hung on the edge of the desk as Mandy took of her pants and rubbed
her bottom then two or three more spanks on her bare ass before Mandy rubbed
again only this time working her way between Diana`s legs to her sopping
lips.Two or three more slaps and Diana`s knees buckled she moaned and sank to
the floor,Mandy took a hand full of red hair and pulled her round to have her
kneeling in front of her and with one swift move pulled Diana`s face on to her
cunt,"Oh Mrs Forb you do lick my pussie so well oh what a turn on,"as Diana`s
tongue licked at the open gash she was oblivious to all around.She had her
hand`s on Mandy`s thighs and was licking for all she could when Mandy pulled her
head of and gazed at the excited woman.Looking at her she said,"Mrs Forb are you
going to make me lick your cunt out and me only 14,"Diana looked at her,"Will
you."Mandy smiled,"Will you what,"Diana swallowed,"Will you please lick my cunt
out,"still Mandy smiled,"But I,m not the first, you have had other 14 yr old
cunt`s in your mouth,do you think I,m the prettiest,"Diana now gagging for
it,"Yes, you are the prettiest,will you please do it to me now,"Mandy said,"Oh
yes Mrs Forb,just get on you back and I`ll fuck you with my tongue".

Diana laid on the floor opened her legs and brought her knees up,Mandy got down
between them and attacked her cunt with her tongue,Diana was moaning and moving
herself she was so wet that Mandy had no trouble inserting two fingers in her
and working her to a frenzy,"Unbutton your top,let me see those tit`s they must
be great,"Diana`s fingers tore at the buttons undoing them down to her waist
then pulling first one tit then the other up out of her bra,with the under
support of the bra they pointed up like to big mountains with hard brown
summits,Mandy couldn`t see Diana`s face but she could see two magnificent tit`s
that she was going to suck on soon.

Diana came to her climax,"Did you enjoy me sucking your cunt,Mrs Forb do you
want to have a 69 now and we can suck each others,you taste great but I bet you
enjoy my young cunt I`m told it taste`s great so I want you to tell me if mine
is the best 14 yr old cunt you have tasted,is that a deal,"Diana still gasping
for air said,"Yes allright what ever you want,"Mandy swung round and sat on
Diana`s face grinding down to her mouth as she played with Diana`s huge breasts
she enjoyed the active tongue now up her cunt,she gave it a while as she excited
the nipples until they were rock hard under her palms then bent forward and
buried her tongue right up Diana`s cunt starting the woman off again.The two
women rocked and nosily gyrated their cunts into each others mouths for a good
15 minutes Mandy was expert at running her tongue around the entire wettnes of
every inch of Diana`s cunt,probing all the zone`s that made  Diana push herself
down to flood  into Mandy`s mouth again and as Mandy got off she
said,"Well",Diana looked up and said breathlessly,"Your`s is the sweetest pussie
I`v had in my mouth by far,"Mandy pulled her pant`s on picked up her bag and
said,"Thank you Mrs Forb your cunt was nice too,your a good fuck",and left.

Diana hauled herself up and went for a bath she couldn`t believe what she had
just done,a 14 yr old girl had just told her she was a good fuck,what had come
over her,a respectable married woman couldn`t resist being spanked by young
girls who then forced her to have sex with them,my god this must never get out
and she voud there and then this would never happen again.Bernard came home and
life went on as normal,she told him the girl he was to see tonight had been
earlier but before she could go into detail`s of spanking he had no idea what
she meant and left it at that.

School broke up for summer and Bernard had his first course booked,it was only a
two day one so he was away in the morning with a ,"See you tomorrow night",he
was gone.The housework was calling but at Ten the phone went,it was that idle
caretaker with a problem,could she meet him  at the workshop in half an hour.It
was hot so in her shorts and polo top she walked the three blokes to the
shop,cursing him every step.She banged on the workshop door and heard,"It`s
open,"she pushed in and he was sat by his workbench with a can of beer,Diana was
furious,"What have you dragged me over here for and why are you drinking in work
time".

He rocked back on his chair and his finger went to the tape deck of the school
sound system,he flicked internal and looked at Diana,"You just don`t like me do
you and here I am listening to my favourite tape before I play it through-out
the school,do you want a beer?"Diana was blazing"You idle good for noth----,"her
voice stopped as she heard,DID YOU ENJOY ME SUCKING YOUR CUNT,MRS FORB DO YOU
WANT TO 69 NOW AND WE CAN SUCK EACH OTHERS, YOU TASTE GREAT, BUT I BET YOU ENJOY
MY YOUNG CUNT, I WANT YOU TO TELL ME IF MINE IS THE BEST 14 YR OLD CUNT YOU HAVE
TASTED,she listened unable to move from the spot then you heard herself,YOURS IS
THE SWEETEST PUSSIE I`V HAD IN MY MOUTH BY FAR.

She stood looking at him,he smiled back,"Just got to switch this and the whole
school gets the full version and you get one or two problems,don`t you Mrs
Forb,Diana was numb,"I eerrr you  wouldn`t eerr I don`t have much eeerrr money I 
eerr,"his face beamed,"Come here you stuck up cow and hold out both your
arms,"she moved into the workshop and stood close to him and held out both her
arm with her palms up expecting the tape and how much she would have to pay,he
opened a draw and took out a thick strap about a half a metre in length with
thick padding stuck to it,he wrapped it round her wrists with the padding on the
inside and buckled it painfully tight,she stood there in front of him with her
wrists fastened and in no position to argue,as he handed her a switch.

With difficulty she held the big switch,"Press the black button,bitch,"she did
and the working hoist moved slowly up the workshop until it reached them,"O K
stop pressing,now the red one,"she pressed and the big hook came down,he took
the switch from her,"Now you and me are going to have a chat but on my terms,O
K,"she bit her lip and nodded,"O K put your arms up,"and he put the hook between
her wrist`s and pressed a green button and the hook went slowly up as did
Diana`s arms until they were stretched above her.

He sat back in his chair and there was silence between them as he admired the
beautiful sight hanging before him then suddenly he said,"So you are into young
girls,good thing for a school masters wife,plenty on tap so to speak,you
certainly took a shine to my neice Mandy,head strong bitch but she`s a good
girl,surprised you didn`t hear the tape machine in her bag,she only did it to
get something on you to get your old man off her back.  I suppose you were
otherwise engaged with your ears stuck between her legs sucking her pretty young
cunt,do you know what will happen if this gets out,you prison, him broke, out of
work,you will never be able to lift your head in public again and what about
your folks how will their friends treat them,but I think I can pursued Mandy to
keep quite I don`t know how many more cunt`s your little tongue has tasted but
if they haven`t spoken now I don`t think they will,so it`s just you and me,I
have the tape you have the power to save yourself,now let`s see what Mandy has
in her box of tricks,what's the matter Mrs Forb cat got your tongue".

As he looked in the box Diana said,Look I don`t know why you have me like this
is it some power thing just let me down and if you have a calculator I could
work out some-sort of payment,you know a sum now and maybe some more as we,I
mean what I can afford it,we could put the tape in a security box that needs two
keys to open and we would both have a mutual agreement,what do you think".She
was waiting for a reply when he turned round with a huge rubber cock in his
hand,"My neice Mandy will be the death of me,"Diana looked in astonishment.

He waved it menacingly at Diana,"Take that away from me, what do you think your
playing at",she pulled her head back between her arms,he put it down and got a
roll of bandage went behind Diana and wrapped the bandage  from arm to arm
forcing Diana`s head forward,"That`s better,now where was I,tell me is your old
man`s cock anything like this,"she shook her head,"I don`t know what your game
is but let me down and stop this filth,"he came close,"Stop this filth,I,ve only
just started,open that mouth of yours and see how much of this you can get down
your throat,let me see if your a good cock-sucker"and he pushed it hard against
her lips,she wanted to tell him to stop but darn`t open her mouth.

He held her nose hoping to force her mouth open she kicked out him,he swore and
looked down and saw the belt on her shorts,"Kick me you bitch,not for long,"he
bent down and undid the belt pulling her short`s down to knee and rebuckled them
she took the chance to shout,he looked up at her,"If you want I can switch on
the sound system,"she looked at him,"Let me go you bum,I,ve offered you
money,"but he was back up and pushing at her mouth again.He looked down at her
body,"It`s going in your mouth, one way or the other".He held the rubber cock
hard to her mouth with one hand and let the other run over her body squeezing
her large breasts,"Come on bitch open your fucking mouth,"his hand dropped to
her crutch and squeezed her hard,his thumb and four-finger pinching hard on her
clit, her mouth opened to scream and he rammed  in.

Isaac came around the corner and opened the door of the workshop,being the
assistant he had his own key but nothing had prepared him for the sight that
meet him.His mouth dropped open as he gazed on his boss, Jed Morrow, shoving a
rubber cock into the beautiful mouth of the head master`s gorgeous wife as she
hung half naked tied to the hoist.After a couple of moments his face went into a
large smile,he walked over and sat on the saw bench to watch the fun,Jed turned
to him,"See this cock,I put marks on the side to measure how much she could take
down her throat, she`s only got five inches in at the moment, I,m working on her
to get seven.

Isaac got off the bench,"If you don`t mind me saying boss if it won`t push in
pull it in,"Jed looked at him"O K give me a hand,"Isaac held the balls
end,pressing hard against her mouth as Jed got two lengths of cord,as she saw
want they were doing she fought trying to shake her head but Isaac held her firm
as Jed tied one piece with the knot at the top and the next with the knot at the
bottom then taking the four ends he passed them behind her and went round and
unwrapped the bandage, telling Isaac to hold her hair up as he tied the cord
tight pulling as hard as he could as she held as hard as she could with her
teeth.

Still with five inches of rubber in her mouth Diana found imposable to speak or
shout all she could do was UURRGGHH or HHUPPHHRR much to the enjoyment of her
tormentors,Jed offered Isaac a beer while they both gloated over their
victim,Isaac took his beer and came over to her, his white teeth shone against
his black skin,he licked her face,How`s it going gorgeous you any good at
sucking cock,you really look good with a cock stuck in your mouth,you ever had
some black meat in between them pretty lips of yours,"he slapped her ass hard as
he moved away,"What next".

Jed stood up,"Well if she won`t let us play with her mouth let`s play with the
rest of her,"he moved round her as she shook her head trying to stop them as
well as dislodge the filthy thing in her mouth,Jed undid the four buttons on her
top stood behind her and pulled her polo top up past the cock,up her arms and
hung it on to the hook,her bra was straining holding in her large breasts but
with an easy clip to undo Jed said,"Any-one want to see some massive tit`s shall
I let them out".He flicked the bra up,leaving her tit`s to the gaze of Isaac
then he lifted her bra up hanging it with the top,his hands came round and
gripped each breast fondling her and pinching the nipples as Isaac looked at
him,"Fucking hell her aureoles are the size of saucers,"Jed laughed"She`s got
one fucking good handfull and her nipples feel great, you coming over for a
suck".

Both men being tall bent down to suck on the large nipples flicking over them
with hungry tongues their fingers squeezed the firm large breasts hard shaping
them into cones that they tried to in their mouths.She started to move and make
noises and Isaac looked at Jed,"I think she`s getting excited are we going for
the rest,"he looked down and Jed already had his hand down her pants and was
pinching her hard between the legs,"Oh that's what is making her jump you dirty
bastard,I suppose I better see what her ass is like,"his hand slid down and
disappeared under her pants and round to cover her perfect full globes.

Jed looked up at her,"Your not very wet do you want me to finger you cunt some
more,doe`s Mrs Forb like a finger fuck",he pushed his fingers as far up he as he
could even with her knees tied he got a full finger up,"he kissed her face," Or
do you just want me to use my big cock to fuck this lovely cunt for you,"she
shook her head and made noises staring at him with as much hate in her eyes as
she knew,"Oh you don`t like me do you, well if you don`t like me now I,m fucking
sure you won`t like me later".Isaac was still playing with her ass,"Isaac get
the bitches pants off and give me a hand, this is going to be fun".

Isaac undid her legs and pulled her shorts and pants off,Jed got two lengths of
rope and through one to Isaac,"It`s time to make a wish,"he through a length
over the side beam and grabbed Diana`s left leg tied her to it and pulled her
leg up,Isaac did the same to her other leg and she hung there with her legs up
and split wide open but they hadn`t finished,Jed pulled Isaac over to the box on
the workbench,Diana tried to turn and see what they were doing but the pain in
her arms and legs were to much.Suddenly they slid under her and stood between
her legs she saw they had pegs in their hands,Jed smiled,"You up for a bit of
fun Mrs Forb,"as he put his mouth to her nipple and sucked as hard as he could
then opened the first peg fully and put it on, trying to take as much of her
arousals as possible. 

Isaac did the same then they surronded the nipple`s with six or seven more pegs
as Diana shouted and moaned into the fat rubber cock tied in her mouth.The two
men laughed as they pinched hard on the pegs making her squirm and wriggle,Jed
smiled,"Lets turn that red pussie into a red porcupine", and to Diana`s horror
he put his hand in his pocket and brought two handfulls of pegs up to her
face,"Time to nip that cunt". Isaac took a handful and both of them took it in
turns to put the pegs on every sensitive part of her defenceless pussie,laughing
every time she winst and groaned as she pulled her knees in trying to escape
them.

It took them five or six minutes of fun before they had used up all the
peg`s,although some of the time had been spent tickling her cunt and putting
some peg`s on her ass cheeks,Jed was the first to speak to her,"Good fun,Mrs
Forb your cunt looks great,"with that in bent down under her and went to some
cupboards and with a shout of success he turned to Isaac,"I thought it was still
here,must have some film left,yes".he came back in front of Diana with an
instamatic camera,"As I was saying Mrs Forb,you look great,got to get some shots
of you and your porcupine,"and he took three shots,in different positions of her
hanging there with all the place`s she had kept so private covered in household
pegs and they hurt, oh god how they hurt.

Isaac said,"Sorry mate to spoil the fun but I,m going to take them pegs off and
have me a taste of her,"he wasn`t gently as he pulled them off leaving the last
one to be on her clit,he bent down and toyed with it with his teeth  he licked
and played all around it.Jed put the camera down and stood beside her,"You
having fun,you still sucking on that old dick in your mouth,I think it`s time I
had me some fun,you know how you like to call me a bum well now it`s time to
teach you all about bums,yours in particular",as Isaac sucked and worked on
Diana`s cunt,to her horror Jed walked behind her.

Jed picked up the hoist switch and pressed the red button,up went Diana,giving
Isaac a better view between her legs,then she felt Jed slid up behind her,"What
go`s up must come down,"and he pressed the green button and Diana felt herself
lowering put she felt herself lowering on to Jed`s hard cock which was under her
bottom and she fought hard to pull herself up from the hard long cock.Still she
kept coming down and she couldn`t hold on, it started to push in between the
crack and she could feel it at the entrance she pleaded through the gag but Jed
just laughed,put his hands round and started pulling the peg`s of her breast`s. 

She screamed as Jed stood there with his cock as hard as iron letting her impale
herself on it,further and further she felt it slide up her and she lost the
strength in her arms and sank on it, right up to the hilt.Jed had her and he was
fucking her ass as he pulled and played with the huge tit`s that were in both
hands.Isaac continued his assault on the beautiful cunt spread out before
him.licking,sucking and finger fucking it.He stopped and stood back,watching Jed
fuck her ass and smile at the tears rolling down Diana`s face,he undid his
trouser`s and said,"If that's making your eye`s water then what's gonna happen
when this has you stuck on the end of it,"he took off his pant`s and she saw the
biggest cock,she shook her head violently,his white teeth shone against his
black skin as he came up to her., lowered his body,tickled the tip up and down
her slit,found her opening  then drilled the huge thing up her,she shook
uncontrollably as both men fucked her,it was the hardest fucking she had ever
felt and they went at her for age`s.

Diana felt as if she was being torn apart,never could she have believed that a
mans cock could be so big and hurt so much,they pounded away at her,one forcing
the rubber cock hard in to her mouth then the other pulling and twisting her
nipples mercilessly until first Jed then Isaac deposited themselves in
her,filling her as she had never felt before.She hung there as both men stayed
up her till every drop had been squirted in and they were starting do go
limp,they stood back and looked at what they had violated,watching the juice
drip out of her ass and cunt on to the work shop floor.Jed told Isaac to let her
down as he went back to the box and found a packet.Diana was slumped by the
table as he handed the pack to her,"Here,have one of these,they are Mandy`s
morning after pills,unless you want some half cast running round your house,"the
two men watched Diana dress,it took her ten minutes as she was so sore and they
wouldn`t leave her alone,every time she bent they would feel her up or when she
tried to pull her top off the hook they squeezed her tit`s also Jed refused to
give her pants saying he needed a souvenir then he took her too the door,"I,ll
be in touch about the tape,now piss off before I get hard again and fuck you
again."

With the words,"Get hard again",ringing in her ear she made it back to her
house,it was awfull as she walked she felt their filth dribbling down her legs,
she spent the next two hours sobbing on her bed then she looked at her breast`s
and pussie covered in little marks,her mouth red and sore,she knew that she had
to get rid of them by tomorrow night so the first thing was a bath,In the
morning they had faded quite well she creamed her pussie and nipple`s, took the
pill and went about her day as normal as the memoirs would let her.Bernard came
home and she played her part well,needless to say he didn`t get anything at
night.

She kept herself very much in doors only going out with Bernard on his round`s,
checking the building and on the four dormitory girls that were staying over.One
day, on the following week she was out with Bernard when they were confronted by
Jed and Isaac,Jed told Bernard he had to show him some gutters and as he pointed
up and explained problems, Isaac stood beside Diana.Bernard staring up was
unaware that Isaac was stroking Diana`s bottom,she couldn`t move without
attracting attention so Isaac carried on squeezing her globes through her
dress.Jed made Bernard look more and Isaac took that opportunity to get right
between her leg`s and tickle both holes.

She panicked and told Bernard they had to go and see the four girls and moved
him on,looking back the two men grinned at her holding their crutch`s.She stayed
out of their way but was full of dread as Bernard went for a long course,she was
determined to stay in and not get caught out again,but as she did the bed making
she knew they still had the tape.

It was time for a morning coffee now the bed was made and upstairs was clean,she
went down and turned in to the lounge,sitting in one chair was Isaac and Jed
helping his-self to the contents of the drinks cabinet,"Care to join me Mrs
Forb,"Jed said as he raised his glass to her,after the shock she flew at
Jed,"How dare you come in my house?how did you get in? get out both of
you,"Isaac still sat,"We have key`s to everywhere,beside`s we brought you some
pictures or should we put them in the Heads study,"Jed got her by the arm and
sat her on the sofa,throwing the pictures on the table.Diana moved towards them
and Jed pulled her back,"You can see them from here,"Diana stared at them,it was
her hanging from the hoist,her mouth full of rubber cock and her breasts and
pussie covered in peg`s,Isaac picked them up and put them in his pocket as Diana
burst in to tears, covering her face with her hands.

Suddenly she felt a hand on her knee and immediately put her hands down to stop
it moving up,Jed put his hand on hers,"Come on Mrs Forb stop making life
difficult,he`s fucked your cunt already let him have a feel up there".Diana kept
her hands there stopping him,"Both of you get out and leave me alone,I told you
I will sort some money out ,now just get out,"to her surprise Jed got up and
went for his coat,as he did Isaac pulled his hand from under Diana`s and grabbed
them,Jed quickly turned and came back with a roll of tape,before she could fight
they held her arms together and taped them tight,she was about to speak when Jed
pulled her up and marched her round to the back of the sofa.

Diana started shouting but a quick push forward made it easy for Isaac to grab
her hands she went quite and pleading for them to stop,Isaac took a length of
cord from his pocket and tied it to the front castor`s then a second piece was
pushed between Diana`s wrist`s and tied down to it  keeping her bent over the
sofa,all the time she was held firm by Jed,Isaac came round as Jed lent over to
her,"Can I have another souvenir Mrs Forb, shall I take them off myself".Diana
started sobbing again,"Please,I beg you leave me alone you must stop this I
can`t do this".

As Jed bent down he slid his hand slowly up the back of her legs,"I think you
can do this Mrs Forb,that`s what beautiful woman are put on this earth and your
just what I need,so shut up and do as your told".Diana felt her pants being
pulled down,she parted her legs anything to stop them but as she did Isaac put
his hand up her skirt and between her legs pinching her hard,"Close em, we will
do the opening,"the pain was terrible, she had no choice but to close her legs
as Jed pulled her pants the rest of the way off,Isaac moved his hand down her
leg holding firm and pulling it to the side were Jed was waiting to tie it to
the back castor then the pulled her other leg tying it to the other back
castor,both men went back to their drinks looking at their helpless victim.

Diana continued to plead but it fell on deaf ears instead they took off their
trousers and stood in front of her,"Give my Dick a nice girly kiss",Jed waved it
in front of her face,Diana stared at both the huge thick cock`s just inches from
her face,"Don`t be degusting,I could never do that,please untie me and lets sort
this out like adults,"Jed went round behind the sofa,Isaac undid the buttons on
Diana`s blouse,"Let`s have these beauties out,there they biggest I`v ever had in
my mouth," and lifted her tit`s out over her bra before joining Jed,"I`m an
adult and this is my way,what's your way mate,"Jed grinned at Isaac as both men
put their hands on the back of Diana`s legs and slid upwards,Diana swore,
pleaded and begged as the hands moved ever upwards pushing her skirt before
them, she knew she had no pants on.

Jed slid his hand between her legs and inserted a finger in her,Isaac did the
same only inserting his finger up her ass,Jed pulled her skirt over her waist
and the two men reamed both her holes before bending down,each one kissing and
biting her bottom as they knelt ether side finger fucking both her holes.Diana
begged them to stop,Jed lent to her,"Gonna suck some cock then,you have such a
pretty mouth it would be a shame not to fuck it,"Diana still said no and started
to cry".Isaac said,"This bitch is always crying,we could do with giving her
something to cry about",and he slapped her bottom hard,she yelped.

Jed stood up,"Don`t see why not, you fancy having a hot ass bitch,"Diana fought
against her ropes,"No no,"before she could say anything else Jed swiped her ass
as hard as he could,"Nooooo,oh god no," then another and again the slapping
sound echoed around the room.Isaac walked round in front,"All you got to do is
suck the old snake here and he will stop,can`t say what he`d do with his cock if
he ain`t smacken your ass but it would be more fun".With tears running down her
face she said,"I can`t do that it`s filthy,AAAHHH,"as the next slap stung home.

Jed bent down and took off one of Diana`s trainers,"I wonder if this will leave
a mark,maybe she can explain it to her old man,"Diana shook as she waited,she
didn`t wait long,Thwack,she screamed this time,Isaac said,"Talking of mark`s,I
give a terrific love bite,Mrs Forb how`d you like a neck full of love bite`s
then I could move to them big tit`s of yours,you know how I love them and
there's an awful lot of room on them tit`s for me to have a good time,"Jed
laughed,"And I could give this ass a seeing to with my belt,that would mark this
beauties little body enough for hubby to ask questions".

Diana dropped her head on to her out stretched arms and sobbed,"Please don`t
mark me,please have mercy,"Isaac bent down to her,"You will suck my cock or we
will do what we said,now open your mouth and suck me,you had enough practise
when you had that rubber thing in your mouth,now have the real thing",he grabbed
her hair, pulled her face up and pushed his cock at her mouth,with a shake of
her hair she open her mouth and took the end of the huge black cock into it.Jed
watched as Isaac sank his cock in to the pretty mouth,"Shit I was hoping to give
her a real belting,oh well I suppose I will have to use my cock on her ass
instead of the belt".

Diana choked and gagged but still Isaac rammed it in to her mouth,Jed was
holding her ass cheeks apart and pushing himself in then both men started to
hammer their cocks into both holes,she tried to pull away and move her sore
bottom much to the enjoyment of the rapist as they fought to get their hands on
her tit`s continually ramming into her.They must have been fucking her for about
five minutes when Jed suggested they swop,Isaac asked which hole Jed had been
fucking when he said her ass he said "Great I wanted her nice tight cunt,her
mouths all yours".

Diana choked and tears rolled down her face as Isaac pulled out of her mouth but
she swallowed in horror as Jed grabbed her face,"Stop crying and suck my
meat",he aimed his cock at her mouth,she could see it had just come out of her
ass and he hadn`t cleaned it,she clenched her teeth and fought him until
suddenly Isaac drove his cock violently into her dry cunt,she screamed and Jed
took the opportunity to stuff her mouth full of his cock.Diana wanted to be sick
the taste in her mouth was terrible.Jed held her head firm and pumped her mouth
as hard as he could pushing his cock further down her throat than Isaac
had.Isaac was really fucking Diana,keeping her bent over with one hand as he
fingered her sore ass-hole with the other.

The both of them fucked her for another ten minutes before building themselves
to fill both her holes at the same time,Isaac emptied himself into her cunt as
Jed held her head tight and made her swallow as much as he could until it
dribbled out of the sides of her mouth,past the huge cock which was still stuck
between her lips before dropping on her arms and down to the sofa.They got
dressed before untying Diana,they helped her back to sit on the sofa.Diana tried
to cover herself but Jed told her to leave her tit`s out or he`d strip her
naked,"Now Mrs Forb that was a nice fuck but it`s time to get you to do
something else,"Diana wanted to hit him but Isaac held her as Jed
continued,"This may get you off the hook and get you that tape so shut the fuck
up and listen,you have four girls still boarding here,tonight you will go over
and check on them,O K, you will put these tablets in the drinks of rooms 1,3 and
4 and this tablet in room 2,O K, you understand,"she nodded,"Good,then you will
stay there and wait until a white van arrives, you will let the occupants in and
stay there until they have finished,understand and I mean,until they`ve
finished, when they`ve gone you make sure everything is as it was,O K,Diana
nodded again.Jed got up and got another tablet,"Here`s your morning after
tablet,don`t forget to do everything I have told you or you will be in deep
shit".

Isaac stood up,Jed looked at her,"Get up Forb,as this may be the last time we
meet in these circumstances pull up your skirt and show me that cute little cunt
again",Diana knew they wouldn`t go,the way they looked at her she knew they had
humiliated her again,she lifted her skirt and stood for them to look her
over.Jed went back to her, slapped her thighs hard until she opened her legs,
his hand went between her leg`s and squeezed her cunt hard,grinned at her, put
his other hand behind her head,grabbed her hair and forced her to kiss him.Isaac
played with her tit`s twisting her nipples and fingered her bum  both of them
enjoyed changing places`s doing what ever they liked with her body,having her
wiggling and sobbing until they`d had their fun,Jed put his hand on her face,
pushed her back on the sofa and let themselves out.

Diana spent the next hour brushing her teeth,using so much mouth wash and
bathing, all the time she knew that what she was going to do tonight would be
wrong but the wards,Get You off the Hook,were screaming in her brain.Nerves ran
through her as she approached the dormitory,as she expected the girls were
surprised to see her,she explained it away by saying she felt guilty at
neglecting them and wanted to make it up.There ages were between 13 and 15 and
she had bought a bottle of wine, would they like a glass, of course she knew
they would say yes,it was easy to put the tablets in.

Soon they all felt very tired and went to their rooms,Diana checked on them and
they were all totally out of it.Diana went down stairs and opened the door to
wait. She waited for twenty minutes when a white van pulled in to the court
yard,six men got out and brought equipment with them,they pushed past her as the
last one went in he said,"You Forb",Diana nodded,"Shut the door,lock it and come
up.They had been told the lay-out so they went straight to room 2 and set up a
video camera and lights,two men stayed as the other three left, each one picking
a different  room.

The one with the video camera said to the men,"She`s just right, looks about 12
but has tit`s she should fuck up nicely,"he  turned to Diana,"You stand at the
door and don`t move,above all keep quite,"he nodded to the two men and switched
the light on,then the camera.The two men,now in ski masks pretended to creep
into the room and up to the girl in the bed,slowly they pulled the cover`s back
and she moaned and slightly moved.They undid her pyjama top,standing ether side
of the bed they knelt and started to kiss and suck her nipples.One of them left
the other to chew on the lovely young tit`s as he pulled her pyjama bottoms down
and off,pushing her legs apart her greedily put his head between her legs and
sucked noisily on her virgin cunt, the girl  moaned but still laid there
helpless in her drugged state.

The men got very excited and Diana felt sick at the way they were abusing the
defenceless girl but she was forced to watch as the played with the young body
that they had all to themselves,they were talking filth,"What`s her cunt taste
like?,how tight is she?,think she`ll scream when we fuck her?,you finger her
cunt I`ll give her mouth a good screwing,"all this was being said in between
sucking and licking her tit`s and cunt.They  changed places at least three
times,pulling her leg`s as wide as possible pulling her knees back and up making
her cunt lips open giving their mouths full access to her cunt and their fingers
could enjoy her ass-hole before one of them got his cock out and pushed it
between her legs running the tip up and down her wet slit,the other one was
positioning her head to the side,holding her jaw and nose until her mouth was
wide open and his cock lay on her lip`s.

The man with his cock on her lips turned to the other,"Let`s fuck the little
bitch,let`s have us a fucking good ride on this 12 year old little cunt,"Diana
winst as they shoved hard into the poor girls body and started to fuck her,they
girl groaned but could not save herself from the relentless fucking she was
getting.The man at her mouth held her head hard at the back driving his cock in
as far as he could quickly pulling out as the girl gave an involuntary choke
then shoving it back in until she coughed again.The second man was fucking her
so hard,it was easy as the blood from her had lubricated her cunt, with his
hands holding her ass she was light enough for him to pull her up to his long
hard cock which rammed her hard until he pulled it out and came all over her
pubic hair,he smiled as he watched it drip down over her slit, the other blew
his cock off into her,holding her head to the side so she didn`t choke on the
amount of cream that he pumped from his cock in to her mouth,Diana could have
cried as she watched him grin while he wanked the last drops out and over her
pretty young face.

 The two men got up,gave her tit`s and cunt a last feel before leaving her laid
out and covered in their semen,they pushed past Diana and the camera stopped.The
door opened and the other three were outside,the camera man looked at Diana,"O K
Forb, you now come in and see the girl laying there and go over too cover her up
but you can`t, you know you fancy her,you get down and lick the cum off her face
then work on her tit`s, sucking her nipples before you get down and do the
business on her cunt".Diana looked at him with disbelief,"You can`t mean you
expect me to do anything like that,I`ve done enough,I can`t do that,you can`t
expect me to------".He snapped,"You will do as your told,that`s one,you will do
it for real,that's two,you will not look at the camera,that's three,what ever
happens you will carry on acting for real,"that's four,if you don`t or stop
acting until I have told you it`s finished we will start from the beginning
again until we get it right,that's five,got that.

Diana turned to walk out but her way was blocked by the other men as the camera
man said,"Some-one we know has a tape,I think you want it,"Diana stopped and
turned,"I`m to tell you,You Want off the Hook,you would know what it
mean`s".Diana felt her knees go weak she could have fallen but looking at the
looks on the faces of the men around,just waiting to grope her, she stepped back
into the room,turning and looking at the poor girl laying on the bed,she jumped
as he said,"Ready Forb and don`t forget, if you stop we start from the begining
again,let`s start".

Diana heard the camera start and walked towards the prone girl she stopped and
looked down totally at a loss as what she should do she stroked her hair and
bent slowly down,as she was about to kneel the camera stopped and his voice
snapped again,"For fuck sake woman put some life in it,come here,"Diana stumbled
back,"Look last chance before I get shity,you come in and say something like,Oh
my god what's happened,then shake her,when you feel she`s out of it you bend
down pat her face a little,get some cum on your hand then lick it off then move
to her face,lick it off her face and do some kissing,plenty of tongue then you
do the rest of her,tit`s,cunt,the lot and make it look real,O K understand,now
fucking shift and I want to hear as well as see you tongue fuck the bitch".

You Want off the Hook was all she heard,she turned, took a deep breath and went
towards the girl,"Oh my goodness what's happened here"rushing forward and
bending to the girl the camera followed,"Wake up,wake up,"she patted her face
and felt the sticky cream on her face,taking her hand to her mouth she
licked,she could have been sick but Diana carried on her act.Her tongue flicked
over the pretty face,licking the filth off her until she reached her
lips,flicking her tongue over her mouth the girls mouth opened and Diana kissed
her,after what she had been forced to do the mouth felt soft and willing and
Diana felt sorry for her so a kiss was more in pity.The camera got some good
close up`s.

Diana knew she could not stay on the mouth long, her face travelled done the
neck to a pair of beautiful young upturned breasts and she worked on the nipples
until they became hard,she gently pulled at them with her teeth, then down again
over a flat stomach to the curls covering the recently defiled pussie.Diana
reached the curls only to find them mattered with semen which she knew she had
to suck clean she remembered what she had done with the other girls,moving
between her leg`s she licked at the slit pushing her tongue as far as possible
up her,with the cunt being wet after the fucking Diana could make the
slurbing,lapping sound the man wanted,the camera captured every move but it
would be just a few more minutes and her hell would be over.

Her concentration was broken as the other three men suddenly banged the door and
shouted,"What are you doing to our sister,get of her,you are supposed to be
looking after the girls not fucking them with your tongue,get her boy`s".Diana
looked shocked but could see that the camera was still running,this was part of
the film,her mind cleared for a second,If You Stop We Start From The Beginning
Again,this is what those words meant,she was trapped.The men grabbed her and
dragged her to the bottom of the bed,"You what to use your mouth,use it on
this,"he took his cock out as Diana was pushed to her knees,one man knelt behind
her holding her arms the other was beside her and the third stood with his cock
aiming at her mouth.

"Come on you fucking bitch open your mouth and start sucking my cock"he slapped
her face hard and the one behind pulled and tugged her hair until much to the
delight of the tormenters she gave in and opened her mouth and it was rammed
full of male meat.He was merciless as he pushed his cock in to the back of her
throat until she was choking on it.The one at her side undid her button`s
exposing her well filled bra,"Get them udders out let`s give them a going
over".As the cock continued to ram her mouth she felt hands push under her
breasts and pull them out of her bra,finger`s were soon pinching her nipples.Out
of the corner of her eye she could see the camera,it was filming the filthy cock
as it filled her mouth.

Her arms were held tight behind as the hands holding her head forced her mouth
faster and faster on to the huge cock now building to fill her throat with more
filth,as he came he shock her head empting himself without pulling out,she was
fighting for air breathing through her nose to stay alive as the grip on her was
solid.He pulled back,"That`s what your fucking mouth is for,not sucking cunt`s,
sucking cock,"he bent down and held her jaw,"And you suck pretty good for a
school mam,"he was pushed to the side as the man who had been squeezing her
tit`s took his place,"Prove to me you suck good,get your laughing tackle round
this while I fuck your mouth".

The one who had just filled her mouth started on her tit`s rolling her nipples
in his fingers pinching hard until her mouth was sucking his mates cock,the one
holding her arms pinned her elbows as tight as he could releasing one hand to
come round and join in the mauling of her tit`s,holding her elbows that way he
could pull her back making her tit`s push out further which they both enjoyed
until the one at her side slid a hand down and pulled her skirt out from under
her knees,put his hand under and touched the bare skin on her leg.The camera was
taking her from every angle,close ups as her mouth was being fucked and
following the hands that played with her tit`s, he was on the floor as the hand
slid under her skirt.

Diana`s brain was fighting to concentrate on what was going on,her mouth was
being fucked so hard,she breathed through her nose only to forget and choke as
the pain on her nipples was relentless,she was aware of a hand moving up the
inside of her thigh and had more pain to contain with as the hand reached her
pants then drove between her legs and pinched at her clit.The cock in her mouth
began to pulse and she braced herself as the first of his cum started to spit
and then he pumped her mouth full again.Thank god he pulled out, as she coughed
and spit as much of the juice out she heard,"You want her to suck your cock,she
ain`t bad"her arms were released,"No I,m going bend the bitch over and give that
cunt he`s playing with a good seeing too".

Like a piece of meat Diana was dragged forward onto her hands the man behind her
snapped,"O K school mam open them legs and get ready for a good fucking,watching
them two fuck your mouth has made me as hard as a rock and your cunt is just
what I need to get rid of a load".Diana`s head was held firm as she knelt there
on all fours,she still felt hands under her playing with her tit`s as her skirt
was flicked up over her ass,she squealed as her pants were ripped off and again
she felt a strange mans cock pushing in to her.He didn`t care whether she was
wet or if he hurt he just wanted to be stuck up the attractive woman,  ramming
hard he pushed himself in and the camera was there to capture the moment Diana
screamed.  

As he thumped in and out of her, pulling his cock all the way out then ramming
it back to the hilt Diana groaned with each stroke,if that wasn`t bad enough the
other two took great delight in brusing her tit`s trying hard to pull her
nipples as far out as they would go while talking to her,"How's it going?you
fuck up nice don`t you?you enjoying getting that little pussie of yours
banged?Diana was in tears as she felt the momentum build and she just hoped he
would pull out,he didn`t,he pumped all of his juice up into her slapping her ass
as he climaxed.The three of them stood up and looked down at her,"Next time you
feel like fucking with little girls we will come back and bang you again,keep
your tongue in your mouth or you will find our cocks in it".

 The men filed out and the camera stopped,Diana just laid there as they packed
up, as the equipment was taken down the camera man walked to her,"Here`s four
morning after pills,give the rest to the other girls,oh and here's one for
you,you did well,so well you get this packet, bye now".If Diana had something
hard to throw at him she would have killed him, she dragged herself to the bed
and sat,opened the packet,she saw the tape and photo`s what had happened to
her?what had become of her and her values?this must never happen again.

Before worrying about herself the first thing was to see to the girl,she went to
the bathroom and got hot water and a sponge then went back and cleaned her
up,next Room 1,the girl in there was naked on her stomach with her legs spread
wide she had been buggered.Room 3,the girl was propped up on the bed-head with
semen all over her mouth, face and down her breast`s.Room 4 she was laying on
her back legs wide open and her stomach was covered in some-ones filth.Diana
cleaned all of them and put the rooms straight,locked up and ran home to cry
herself to sleep knowing she had to face them in the morning.

The morning came,she took her pill as the memories of the last night haunted
her,she thought of what she had let those men do to the girls and  retraced her
steps back to the dormitory,the four girls were just waking saying they felt
ill,Diana made them all a drink and gave them the pill telling them they would
feel better,she assured them it must have been the wine,they went back to bed
and Diana went home. Bernard came home the following day and life went on as
normal as far as Bernard was concerned and Diana never saw Jed or Isaac but to
be on the safe side she secretly bought some door chains ready for when Bernard
went away again.

Bernard left for his course and before her had got five miles Diana was screwing
the chains on and sealing herself in,she felt good.About an hour later a noise
was heard at the front door she peered round the lounge door and saw a box on
the door mat,she picked it up,it was a empty tape box with a note on it,To Mr
Bernard Forb,this is what your wife do`s when your away,watch and  learn.In her
fury she through open the door looking over the green to see where the had
gone,they hadn`t gone anywhere they were hiding left and right of the front door
as the door opened they pushed her back and went in.

She stumbled back,Jed lifted the chain and put it on,"So thoughtful of you to
want to keep us here,you could fix us all a nice scotch I think we have
business".Diana drew herself up to stand her ground,"Look you said I would be
off the hook if I did as you asked and what else they did to me was that your
idea, you---",Jed cut her short,"Look Forb I didn`t lie to you, you got the tape
back so your off the hook with the tape but now we have to talk about something
else so shut the fuck up and get those drinks,now.

Diana turned in despair,sobbing in wouldly,what could she do,her mind raced as
she made them two drinks,they demanded she had one as well,she hated drink and
never touched it but they watched as she was forced to swallow a whole tumbler
full then they sat her on the sofa as Isaac put the video in the machine, took
the remote and sat beside her,Jed pulled an arm chair to the other side as Isaac
pressed the remote.The television was a wash with white then black as the as the
screen filled with the title.

                                     THE HEADMASTERS WIFE SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
BETTER.

                                                              MADE ON LOCATION
AT

                                                             PARK  GREEN 
COLLAGE.

                                                                       STARRING

                                                                MRS DIANA FORB.

She groaned and put her head in her hands,Jed got up and filled another tumbler
of scotch put it in her hand and waited for her to put it to her lip`s then he
placed his hand under the glass and forced her to drink it all.Her head swam as
he held her jaw and told her to watch,Diana blurred vision was not enough to
blank out what the other men found fun,she watched as the video showed the girl
and the masked men abusing her,fucking her mouth and cunt as hard as they did,it
was when they left and she saw herself on the video that the shock of it all
came to her,Jed took the opportunity to get another tumbler full of scotch and
put it in Diana`s hand.

Isaac took the hint and helped her finish the drink and took the glass,Diana was
fighting to keep sober,she looked left and right to see the lecherous men
looking between her and the film.She saw the video still playing it was at the
part where the three men had come in and she was on her knees sucking a filthy
cock as a man pawed at her breast`s,she looked down only to see Isaac`s hand on
her knee she made a feeble attempt to move it but his hand just pushed by and up
her leg.Diana fell back against the back of the sofa,"Please don`t,leave me
alone,I`ve done all I can,please stop".

Isaac was in no mood for stopping his hand pushed her skirt up as he moved
towards her cunt,grinning at her as he started to feel her pants,Jed lent
over,"Open your legs nice and wide we will be wanting to play between them,"his
hand was on her other leg.The drink had the effect the men wanted and Diana`s
head lolled back on the sofa,Jed pulled her leg open and kept her head back by
kissing her hard pushing his tongue in her mouth while he pushed his hand in her
pants,fingering her cunt.Isaac pushed in the other side and they played with her
one pushing in and out and the other taking his place,Isaac said "I feel a fuck
coming on,come on let`s strip her and have some fun with that little red bush
she has between her leg`s all right Mrs Forb you ready for me to fuck your cunt
again".

She hadn`t the strength to put up much of a fight as the men took great delight
in dragging her across the sofa, first pulling her skirt off then Isaac held her
arms up as Jed undid the rest of her blouse and pushed it up and off then her
bra and pants,they both fell on her,pinning her to the sofa,forcing her to kiss
them in turn as the other kissed and pinched any piece of naked flesh he
wanted,they let her up and laughed as she tried to stand and move away from
them,"She don`t take drink to well doe`s she but she looks great naked let`s
have some of the juicy cunt.The two of them stood and took an arm each,"How long
is her old man away",Isaac said,"He`s back the day after tomorrow,why?"Jed
looked at Diana and started to finger her cunt,"How`s about we keep this lovely
hole company for the next two day`s,"even in Diana`s drunk state she fought to
get his hand off her only to feel Isaac pushing a finger up her ass while his
other hand grabbed at her tit`s, she said,"No you can`t, no never,I,m staying
here,just leave me alone".

Jed laughed,"Your right and we are staying here to,let`s get you upstairs and on
that bed,spread those leg`s wide we are going to fuck your cunt,mouth and ass.We
will even let you hold those big jug`s together while we fuck them and we are
going to do all that  for the next 48 hours and then you get the script for you
next film,"Diana`s mouth dropped open,"Oh yes your a star,it`s made for you,
I`ve seen it, you play a school mistress who get`s caught stealing by a gang of
school girls and they strip her,she`s made to suck them all off,how's that,oh
and they leave her naked,blindfolded and tied up only to be found by five
workmen who have a lot of fun with her amble charms,still that`s later, for now
we get your amble charms and remember we have the film of you and the underage
so get upstairs,I can`t wait to get you on that bed and make you do lot`s of
disgusting thing`s, don`t look so disappointed while Isaac got that big cock of
his up you I,ll let you have all my cock in your mouth"Diana turned and
staggered to the stairs as the men enjoyed  the movement of her beautiful firm
naked ass, she grabbed the rail for support, only having the title of the film
stuck in her mind.

She Should Have Known Better.

                                                           Pagan. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





