BDSM Library - Why Did She Drink So Much




Why Did She Drink So Much
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She should never drink with common workman, not when Debbie is as desirable as she is, but what happens is for you to image.
Another Story by Pagan.

   This is a Story for people with imagination,I have given you the script now
you think of the room`s, the women, and what is happening,it`s something
different and I know I can`t please all my reader`s but some of the 6000 of you
may like it,so to you I wish an enjoyable hour,have fun,tell me what you think
but to the negative critics remember,it`s not up for a Booker prize just a story
to while away a wet evening if you don`t like it----- ,just move on.

                                                                                



Why did she drink so much.



"You have a lay in,I`ll make my own breakfast,you deserve a lay in that was some
night last night,your a hot ass bitch when you`ve had a drink,I see I will have
to go away for a business trip more often".

"Are you sure, I don`t mind getting up,I have got a bit of a head,you know what
happen`s to me after two glasses of wine".

"You mean you get turned on,two glasses and your anybodies,sorry darling only
joking yes I`m sure I can make my own breakfast, I`ll pop back up later,won`t be
long".

  Danny went down stairs and made toast, orange juice and coffee before going
back upstairs to kiss Debbie goodbye.

"O K sexy taxi`s here, I`m off, I`ll ring or leave a message as to when to
expect me back,sooner if the deal goes without a hitch,later if it don`t,come on
give me a big kiss".

"I`ll miss you,not even shopping with your credit card can make that up".

"Come on or I`ll miss the dam train".

They kissed passionately and he left,she got up and watched through the window
as the taxi drove off,she headed for the shower.

A good shower,her hair done up in her favourite pony tail,her silky short house
coat on and sitting having toast with the morning paper,she fely better.Debbie
started to plan her day.A quick clean round,change in to a nice smart number and
the tube in to town for a look around the sales,Dan had told her to get
something nice and some new sexy lingerie,she had thought of getting something
really raunchy after all she was a very curvy woman and only 22 so why should`nt
she give the man in her life a bit of an incentive,excitedly she had sent for an
Ann Summers catalogue.Her mind was on all these things when there was a knock on
the back door.

"Who is it".

"Henderson`s loft conversions".

"But I thought,no this is the 12th, your not due for a couple of weeks".

"We had a cancellation,brought it forward a week or two,thought you be happy,can
we come in".

"But,eerrrr,I don`t know,my husbands away,he was supposed to be seeing the job
done",

"We know what to do,now are we doing our job or what and it`s bloody cold out
here".

"Sorry,eerrrr,yes,yes of course".

She slipped the chain and opened the door,three work men tumbled in.

"Fucking hell,whoops sorry lady,but it is bloody cold out there".

"Ya,dick-head where's you manners,Gary, say sorry to the lady".

Debbie looked at the three scruffy workmen,two were in their late thirties and
the one in charge was closer to fifty.

"Right sweetheart,if we can clear the table I`ll show you the plans while the
lads sort out the van,then we will have a cuppa before we crack into it,or have
you got anything stronger than tea".

"Eeeerrrr,I think there`s some cans of beer left over from last night,it`s in
the fridge".

"O K you two go get the van sorted,now lady this is the plans,oh sorry my names
Charlie I`m the foreman".

Come on Gary lets get to the van".

"Stop shoven,it`s cold out here".

"No I wanted to get out here,Fucking hell ain`t she a looker,did you see that
tit filled bra when she lent over to see the plans,I thought Charlie's eyes were
going to jump down and attack them".

"Ya I`d noticed her nips a while back and that was after I`d stopped looking at
them legs,your right she`s fucking gorges,I wonder if she put`s it about".

"Would`nt hurt to try it on,if she doe`s her old mans away,we could fuck her all
day,if not we could put it down to innocent workman funning,no harm in that,it
would be worth a try just to cop a feel".

"A Trev what about Charlie,do you think he`s up for it".

"Gary don`t be a dick-head of course he`d be up for it you know what a randy old
bastard he is,I know he would like to see his cock stuck in her mouth,I know
that's all I see when she was talking to me was my cock in between those lovely
young lips".

"Let`s take some tools and talk to Charlie,you know ask him up stairs,then we
could have a look round and clue him up to the idea".

"Grab a hammer and a screw driver and follow me".

"We are back,Charlie I`m sure the lady has some-thing else to do than be made to
study plans can we have a word at site".

"Yes sure,sorry to have kept you sweetheart do you have some-thing else to do or
are you a lady of leisure".

"I should be doing some cleaning,thank you".

"O K if we go upstairs we will be back for one of those beers in a moment".

The three men went upstairs,stood under the loft hatch and whispered.

"What the fuck did you two do that for I was having a great eyeful of her
tit`s".

"Quite Charlie that's what we wanted you up here for,she`s a doll ain`t she we
thought we`ed try it on see if she`d be up for it,could you imagen fucking that
all day,her old mans away,I could do some overtime on her tit`s".

"Trevor's right if she don`t we can put it down to a bit of workman's funnin,but
with a body like that it`s got to be worth a try,you in".

"You bet I`m in.lets go down and have that drink,follow my lead".

"Were is she".

"In the sitting room fucking around with a duster,ouch she just bent over,what a
fabulous ass".

"Has she changed".

"No she`s still in that silky thing".

"Right let`s go, Hello sweetheart,shall we help our-selves to the beers then we
can get started".

"EErrrrr yes,go ahead".

They took out a six-pack and noticed half a bottle of wine,Charlie gave out the
cans and poured a big glass of wine".

"You going to join us,a sort of drink to a great job done by experts".

"No no not really,I had enough last night".

"Nonsense,no such thing as enough".

"Perhaps she don`t drink with common riff-raff".

"Perhaps we don`t work to fast for stuck ups".

"No no I`m sorry I did`nt mean to offend".

"Then come and join us,we won`t bite".

"Allright just a small one,oh god that's a big glass full".

"Sorry could`nt find a small one any-ways a toast from me to a good job".

They drank

"And also a toast from me to a quick job".

They drank.

"And finally one from me and with this one we finish the glasses,to our
customers,I hope they are all as nice as you".

They waited until Debbie had finished her`s then downed theirs.

"Oh dear I fell light-headed already,silly me,I should never drink,eshhhperly on
an empty stomachh".

"It would seem our lovely customer is a little drunk already,here do you want to
sit a while,let me help you".

"Here would it help if you finished the bottle,just a drop left".

"Oh you are stupid that's to much,I could`nt finishhhh that".

"You could try here you go I`ll help".

"Yes down it goes".

"Stop stop alright I weell try then you get on with your job,while I,I sort the  
cccleaning oucht".

She drank the rest.

"Oh dear I realy shhhould`ntt  have done that".

"Come on boy`s help the lady in to the sitting room I,m sure she would be more
comfortable on the sattee".

"Up you come,opps got your top caught on the chair sorry".

"Has it ripped".

"No it will be all right come on love".

"Thassnks,thats allright,now stop that, be carefull where you put your handssss 
lads,don`t be naughty".

"Sorry sweetheart but you have such a nice ass,I could`nt help it

"He`s right love you have such a nice everything and he`s only a red-bloody
male,you can`t blame him for having a feel".

"Welll you just leave it alone,I dont feel up to it".

"Up to what,your the one that sounds naughty".

"Thatssh not what I meant,I meant I must sober up".

"Here I know a way something cold on the back of the neck that's a sure
sober-upper",

"Gary go get some ice,we will try it".

"Ya and I`ll just loosen your top,don`t want to get it all wet,Charlie undo the
little belt".

"Charrrrlie you are supposed to undo the belt don`t get to free with your
hands".

"Sorry sweetheart,but your skin is very soft and you have such nice legs,they go
up a long way".

"OOOOOHhhhhhhhsssshhhh That's cold".

"You did`nt see that coming,that should sober you up.her lets take that top,it`s
getting wet".

"No noo you musshtt its oh stop pulling pleasshh you will tare it,stop it give
it back".

Debbie was giggling like a silly school girl.

"A Charlie I think we should get her something else to cover her from upstairs
or maybe she would be happier to choose it herself,maybe she wants to lay down
for a while,lets take,I mean let`s help her upstairs",

"Good idea,come on sweetheart up you come,whoopsy nearly fell,I`ll take one
side,Trevor you take the other,come on up the stairs".

"Oh dear I`m not very shhteady on my feet,I feel funny,who`s that feeling my
bum,I told you to stop that,now stop it,I will have to take you boy`s in hand".

"Oh yes you can take us all in hand,your a bit of a live one arn`t you,I bit
sexy to be left alone with out hubby,how long has he been gone,opps mind the
step".

"He went away thisshh smorning,the trouble isshh I don`t know when he will be
bachh".

"Oh so that's why the beer and the wine were flowing last night a bit of a going
away party".

"Trevor I think this is sweethearts room,nice big bed,looks like they had some
fun in it last night".

"In you go,hay your right you did have a going away party in here,did`nt you".

 "Oh you are terrible,I`m a married woman of coursshe we did,oooohh I feel very
funny, hello bedrooooom".

"On you go".

"OOOhhmpp oh thissshh a comfortabl bed,I don`t remember why I,Igot out of it
thissh smorning".

"Now lads have a look for something for the little lady to put on",

"Charlie".

"Yes Gary".

"I want to take two things off her not dress her,I want to fuck her".

"Don`t worry we will all fuck her,just having fun,now go look through her draws
and see what you find,could be fun".

"Come on sweetheart don`t go to sleep on us,you had enough time for sleeping
last night or did you give him enough of an all night fucking to keep him going
for a while".

"Don`t be degushhting,I did what any married woman does for their hushband".

"Hay Trevor she did what any good wife does she fucked him good".

"Ya Sounds a lucky man to me,I hope she gave him all her holes,I could see her
doing that wearing these".

"Oh ya black and skimpies,bet she looks nice giving head in them".

The three men gathered round Debbie.

"Do you give good head,right down the throat,bet you swallow a sweetheart,do you
swallow did you give your old man a farewell blow?"

"How many times did he fuck you last night then,what's your favourite,a bit of
doggie,I bet you look great with a cock up you from behind and them tit`s
hanging there just waiting to be played with".

"Do you take it up the ass,you got a cute bum, but it`s tight, bet you fuck up
nice, up the ass,let your old man have some back door?"

"Come on sweetheart,answer Trev,do you give up your ass to a good fucking".

"I I dont` let that happen,I could`nt,he`s a nicshe man".

"Just laying there in your bra and pants you look one hot assed fucking
machine,I bet you like a bit of rough,like a man to take your ass I bet,you`d
love it,I bet you like to be taken,you need a man not a husband,come on show us
your cute ass lets see if it`s ready for a good poking".

"Charlie,when I had a feel of her ass,you know as we came up stairs she felt
wet,real wet".

"Oh sweetheart,have we made you wet".

"Noooo,drink always has a funny effect on me".

"Is that a fact,lets see what the drink has done,time to have a look see at what
you got under them panties of yours".

"Oh no please you must`nt I can`t I mmmmmmmmmmhh".

"Good on you Trev,give her a nice wet kiss,you get your tongue down her throat
while have me a little peek,nice oh yes very nice".

"A Charlie that`s a well turned out cunt if ever I saw one,is it wet?"

"Yes very, watch how easy my finger gets up there,see slips in a treat".

"MMMmmmmppphhhh".

"Don`t fight it sweetheart you know you wanted us to fuck you since we
arrived,walking round in your undies showing us your fine tit`s,cute ass and
lovely leg`s,you were gagging for it,you just wanted us to take you,so as you
could feel better when you face your old man,don`t worry we`ll take you
alright,Gary get her tit`s out".

"Beautiful just beautiful look at these and the nips on her,come here you little
darlings,just get in my mouth".

"Mmmmmmmm".

"Don`t eat her fucking tit`s Gary,leave some for us,she`ll go all the way, she`s
sucking my fingers in, she`ll fuck for us all day".

"Mmmmmm,stop it please let me alone, no you can`t do this oh god stop you must
stop,ooohhh,no don`t,I--I".

"Lay back and enjoy it sweetheart,you may say no but your body say`s yes and we
are going to listen to your body,Trevor get your finger up this hole and keep
fucking it while I get undressed,I got a hard on fit to burst".

"Christ she is so wet,gona give you a licking lady just to see how nice it is".

"Go on Trev get your face between them legs,give her cunt the same treatment
Gary`s giving her nipples,I think she likes it".

"No no please stop no it`s,it`s not what I want no oohh no aaahhhhh oh god
aahhh".

"She`s one hot assed little fuck-hole keep at her boy`s I don`t think there's
much fight left in her,she`s ours to do with and play with for the rest of the
day,ain`t she the lucky one".

"Aaaahhh no,oh   nooo ahhh it`s ahhh oh god,nnnoo,ahh please nooo ahh ahh".

"Trev my boy I think you just found the spot now get your fingers and tongue out
while I plough the field,open your gorges legs sweetheart,I`m coming in, move
one then the other and Yes I`m in,here we go love,you just lay back and let old
Charlie fuck you in to heaven,come out the way Gary lets have some tit".

"Charlie for an olden you sure have a big thick dick,she looks as though she
ain`t had a biggen for a long time,have you love,a, come on speak to me you look
like you like old Charlie up that cunt of yours,you gona take care of all of us
ain`t you,you gona be one well fucked lady come the end of the day,come on give
us a kiss".

"MMMmmmmm nice,here suck my finger till you get the real thing".

"Mmm yes oh yes,fuck me,mmm, give it to me hard, oh yes,mmmm, do me,do me hard
you bastard, do me".

"Come on Trev lets get stripped off,ready,we don`t want her cunt to cool down,we
got to out do old man Charlie".

"You enjoying this sweetheart come on wrap you legs around me,pull me into you
wet fuck-hole,you know you want it,doe`s your old man give it to you nice and
hard,come on tell me and I`ll fuck you as hard as you like".

"Yes yes I love it hard, fuck me hard give it to me, oh god fuck me,yes yes oh
god yes,im cuming oh yes faster,please faster".

"Oh no,this is fun time,I want to see you beg sweetheart your not cuming yet, I
think I`ll take it out for a while".

"No,No put it back, please fuck me, please, oh no put it back I need it,you
bastard, do me, fucking give it to me,I need to cum".

"Get on the edge of the bed you cunt,use your fingers on your cunt and suck my
dick,suck it good and I`ll put it back but you better give good head,now come
here,get it between them cute lips and suck it all the way".

"Trev,he sure is one mean bastard,he loves to make em beg,looks like she`s no
stranger to wanking herself,gets a good length of finger up her hole,but she
will have to do better than that in the mouth department or he`ll show her how".

"Come on, down your fucking throat,come on our I`ll choke you with it".

"Fucking hell Gary he`ll pull her fucking head off".

"Ya I can see that but it`s also going down,he`ll have it all the way before
it`s back up her cunt,she said she liked it hard and thats the way she`s going
to get it today".

"Thats it see it`s easy when you try harder,thats the way you suck us all
today,O K on your back and get your knees up time to have you cuming on the end
of my dick,get your fucking legs open I told you before, you got such gorges
pins".

"OOOHHHH yes put it in,put it back fuck me I`m cuming oh yes,yes ,yes fucking do
me".

"Here it cums sweetheart take this load up your fuck shute,AAhhhh".

"AAhh god yes oh yes yes oohhh aahhh".

"Well lads I told you she`d fuck up nice who`s next pick a hole and have some
fun".

"Pleassee no not again".

"Shut the fuck up lady your taking it where and when we say,Come on roll back
and get them open,I said get them open or Charlie and Gary will open them for
you,hay lads you fancy taking a leg each and making a wish".

"No don`t hurt me please don`t I-I".

"Oh shut the fuck up and open up because I`m cuming in,thats right spread
them,further lets see that hole winking at me,thats a girl,come here gorges let
old Trevor make you scream some more".

"AAhh   no  do it slowly no oh that hurts,AAhhh yes thats it oh no oohh aahh".

"I`m in,come on baby hold them tit`s for me,feed them long nipples in to my
mouth and I`ll fuck you so hard you`ll be walking with your legs open for a
week,AAhhhhh yes nice,now where`s those tit`s,thats it,get hold of them,push
them in my mouth,MMmmmmm nice mmmmm".

"Ahh ahh oohh no oh not again I I should`nt".

"Come bay doll you know you want it your juicen up again your a hot cunt to
fuck,come on suck me in use your muscles and as for these tit`s ,mmmmm god
you`ve got lovely hard nips your nothing more than a usefull fuck toy,come on I
know you like it hard hows this ah ah ah ah take some of this length up your
hole aha aha ah".

"Oh yes oh yes it`s so good keep fucking me but you should`nt be doing this to
me why,god why can`t I resist oohhhh yes why must I let you fuck me, come on you
bastard harder, fuck me, get your cock moving oh g- god yes fuck my cunt,you,
you bastard for christ sake I need it, just fuck it".

"Well Charlie, looks like Trevor got her going again,your the man, you said
she`d fuck up nice and you where right".

"Thanks for the vote of confidence Gary, but I think she will shut up shop
before we have finished buying and I reckon we can have her all day infact we
may pay off a little debt when we have finished with her cunt,get dressed and
nip down to the van and bring up that roll of insulation tape,be quick it will
be your turn next to pick a hole,her cunts getting a good bashing it could be a
bit sloppy, you may want to try another hole,go on move your ass, be quick".

"Christ I said quick, that was fucking grease lightening,give it here".

"Hay come on you said I was fucking her next and next can`t cum as quick as I
want too".

"Well Gary looks like your turn is here look at her hips move,she cummin again".

"OOooooohhh yes oh god that's it you shit oh no no I,I ooohh ahh".

"That's it baby doll,told you I`d make you cum on the end of my cock,look at it,
it`s fucking soaking,you like your fucking don`t you,I said don`t you,answer
bitch".

"You bastards all of you,you shouldn`t be doing this you, you got me drunk,you
raped me,I would never have let scum like you near me,you got me so I did`nt
know what I was doing,you bastards get out of my house all of you,just get out
and leave me alone".

"Now you listen to your uncle Charlie little sweetheart".

"Oh let go of my hair,stop pawing me,you"

SLAP

"Now shut the fuck up or you get one harder,infact I may get to enjoy it,now
listen,Gary ain`t fucked you yet and I don`t think I`ve done nether so be a good
girl and get on all fours,Gary has a feeling he wants to be the first to cum up
your ass,now move".

"No never no one doing that to me no,you can`t".

"All right little miss bitch,grab her lads,give us that tape,if you won`t give
up your ass we`ll take it,that`s it hold her I`v got her wrist`s".

"Get off me stop it,your hurting".

"Hurting you ain`t felt nothing till Gary gets his dick up your ass,there,
that`s it all tied neat and tidy,you ain`t going no-where until we`ve done
playing with you,Gary she`s all your`s,have fun, me and Trev are gona watch so
make it good".

"No no you can`t please stop not there he can fuck me the same as you but not in
my ass".

"Stop wriggling bitch your cunt`s had enough for the time being,Trev pass over
some pillows,Gary get her ass up so I can slide these under,there,now don`t that
look tempting,SLAP,SLAP".

"Ooohh no stop your hurting me".

"What if a gag you and take my belt to you,how's that sound".

"No please don`t,I won`t shout".

"I know you won`t now open your legs and take it, you never know you may like
it,you`ve liked the fucking we`ve given you so far and here's one for luck".

SLAP.

"Thanks Charlie,god she looks good with her ass in the air,here it comes
lady,just a bit of spit up your hole,god that's tight,don`t fight it your going
to get the entire length in there so relax,come on open up,come on,yes,yes it`s
going,it`s going,god I`m in".

"Oooohhhhh Nooooo it hurts,oh it hurts nooo please no take it out nooo".

"You know sweetheart I`m getting pissed off with your moaning,I think I`ll shut
you up myself,that mouth has got to have another use,get it round this cock and
suck it,no teeth or you will be sorry".

"Please no stop him,I can`t do this,I don`t like this or in my mouth don`t make
me,ouch my hair no I Oooooommmmmmmm".

"Fits real snug in between them lip`s don`t it sweetheart,now just you suck it
nice and slow and lets feel some tongue on the end or I`ll ram it down your
throat and fuck your mouth till you choke, how`s her ass Gary,enjoying it".

"You bet, slipping in real good now, don`t think she`s to happy but do we care".

"You want some tit,Trev,she`s got a good pair".

"No I`ll wait I like the way your cock is sliding in and out of that pretty
mouth,think she can blow me too".

"She got a sweet mouth making me nice and hard again,look at me
sweetheart,that`s nice,how`d you like a two up,Gary up your ass and me up that
cunt again,you up for it,I am".

"Mmmmmmaahhmm,no no you cant you`ll tare me please have mercy".

"No mercy given when I`m fucking a beautiful woman,come on Gary lets move her
into position,she should enjoy this".

"Please no oh god don`t you animals".

"Come on Charlie get on the bed,Christ does that thing of yours ever go down,up
you go baby doll,come on drop your lovely hole down on it".

"No I can`t stop I I ohh oh god it`s so big".

"Big enough to get you hot again,now bend forward,come on give us a kiss,mmmm
nice,see I did`nt mind kissing you even knowing what you have just had in your
mouth".

"Hold her still Charlie,her ass is wiggling already and that's before I`m
fucking it,hold it,hold it in again oh yes nice,is that you I can feel,god this
is good".

"It`s to much stop no you cannn`t  just aaaahhh oh ahh no no not again aahh".

"Hello,what's this, Gary she`s wet,she likes a good fucking up her cunt does
this one,look at me sweetheart and tell me you arn`t gagging for another
fucking,how's this,bang,bang,bang".

"Oh,oh,oh please no,oh no you must`nt I,I oh god you bastard oohhh aahh yyeeeess 
do it,do it to me again I can`t help it more please oh god more fuck me fuck me
give it to me fuck me both of you more harder,harder fuck me please gooo".

"How's that Gary she motoring again,just needs starting up and she`s pumping,get
a rhythm,I`ll go in you pull out and then reverse lets see how high,shag pants
can scream,in you go,out, me in,out ,you in that's it now lets fuck this bitch
hard".

"Oh no no I`m cuming harder please oh yes take me do me for god sake fuck me yes
yes that's it I, I, I, oh yessss".

"Oh Charlie that was good,she loves her ass filled".

"Ya I told you she was gagging for it as long as we forced her,if you`ve done
get off I want to sit her up and bounce her on my cock till I blow it up
her,don`t we sweetheart,you want to bounce the boner and cum again,so get to
it".

"Not again,I need to rest I can`t go on, please stop and let me go,you`ve done
every-thing to me please,enough".

"Iv`e told you already there`s never enough and we ain`t done everything to you
yet, now start bouncing come on,you have got a lovely trim waist you ain`t got
kids yet,can`t have with a body like yours,I can almost get my hands right round
it now come on up,down,up,down that's it,lets see those tit`s bounce I know you
want it your biting your lip again,you don`t want to say it but your gona get
wet and fuck me,come on bitch lets have them legs pumpin my cocks I`m ready for
some more action".

"Please untie me,my arms hurt,I will be good".

"You bet you`ll be good but I think we will keep you as you are,we like having
the freedom to do what we want with you,your a very beautiful woman and it`s not
every day we get to play with one as much as we can with you,Trev you want to
play with some tit`s or give her a spank to move her ass for me".

"Why not".

SLAP SLAP

"Nooo not that it hurts I`ll wiggle oh yes I`ll wiggle my ass oh it`s starting
again oh god no what about my husband I love him but he does`nt do me like this,
your in so deep oh ahh".

"I know now try this,aah aah aah up up up".

"Oh god noo it`s so big".

"And agan aah up aah up aah up up up".

"Oohhhh stop stop   oh noooo ahh stop"

"And again up up up aah aah aah up up up".

"Oh oh ohhh mmmm yes yes oh oh".

"Getting to you up up up up up".

"Oh oh oh oh yes yes yes fuck meeeee fuck me harder harder".

"You want it hard up up up aah aah aah up up up up you go".

"Ooohhh god yes more do it again harder more please fuck me yes fuck me".

"That's it sweetheart up and down make them tit`s go,god your good looking from
down here come on do the bounce".

"Gary"

"What Trev"

"How long we gona stay here we have been fucking her for three hours,reckon we
could stay here all day and fuck her brains out".

"Don`t see why not look at her going up and down on Charlie she looks real hot
just hope she can stay the pace,Charlie say`s he`s gona keep her tied up and
fuck her as much as he can so who knows,he said he had another plan but I don`t
know".

"Fucking hell she cumin again,that's four times and look at me I`m fucking hard
again,I want her I`m gona take her mouth this time".

"You finished with her Charlie".

"Ya,she`s all fucked up and filled again,what's makes you ask,as if I did`nt
know".

"I want her mouth I must fuck her mouth,she looked so good with yours stuck in
her mouth,I thought I must try it,teach her the old deep throat".

"Please Charlie no, can`t you stop him, no more for pity sake I can`t take
anymore".

"That's what you said last time you shag happy fuck-hole,just two minutes before
you were bouncing up and down on my boner with a nice wet cunt,no if he wants to
fuck your mouth then fuck your mouth he will,Come on Gary get stuck in I`ve got
a phone call to make".

"No please don`t, don`t your hurting me,ouch not my hair again,don`t do that,
please let me kneel, no ,not that way my neck nooommmmmmaaaaaggghh".

"Go on Gary give her the meat, feed the bitch`s throat,look at her slavering
it`s all over her face,Trev give her tit`s a going over I bet she likes them
pinched and pulled, them nipples look very tasty don`t know why a ain`t got
round to them myself,still there`s always later, but now can I use your mobile".

"Ya here"

"You gona play with some tit".

"Don`t see why not may even see how wet her cunt is,bet she can take a finger or
two".

"07785463329,------Teddy,Charlie you know that favour you did me,you know I owe
you one,get John and get over to that loft job we are on,and make it fast,you
will be amazed at what we got here,see you in twenty,cheers".

"You phonen Teddy,this should be good,Jesus she called us animals,oh boy".

"How you gona Gary getting all the way down,she don`t seemed to be fighting, you
killing her".

"No she`s doing as she`s told and sucking well,nice and slow,hope I`ll be done
with her in twenty minutes",

"Good thinking,when Teddy see this piece of lush he will kill anybody in his way
to get up her holes we are going down for another beer,then we will be back to
see you splatter her pretty face".

Twenty minutes later there was a loud bang at the door.

"Teddy`s here  go let him in,Trevor while your down there see if there`s another
bottle of wine or anything to lubricate our fuck machine and Gary, I`d fill her
throat if I were you".

"Shit yes, lovely,I`m cummin,yes it`s in, now swallow bitch,all of it".

"Aaaggh ucckk horrible you bastard that was awfull how could you,you filthy
bastard".

"Hello Teddy,John welcome,fancy some fun with that little beauty coughing Gary`s
cum out of her  mouth,want to put yours in".

"Fucking hell Charlie,what you doing she`s tied up".

"Oh yes Teddy she likes to be forced,she`s a real screamer when you get her to
stop pleading NO,it don`t take her long to be screaming yes on the end of a good
sized dick,I know you got a good weapon,just what she likes,go on have it I owe
you one,and when you`ve fucked her,this make us quits,understand".

"Ya I understand,right little girl here comes the big boy,get ready to be given
the fucking you have been waiting for,don`t argue get on your back and open them
fab legs,I want what's between them".

"Teddy before you do Trevor's got some vodka,just get it down her any-way you
can and you will be amazed at the effect".

"Give it here,come here cunt time for you to have a drink".

"No please not any more,please help me,untie me I must I,I no no Aaaaagggggg".

"That`s it cunt drink,don`t spill any,take it all or I`ll ram this bottle all
the way down,that`s it a bit more,good, you should  feel great after that lot".

 "Oh god I feel sick I feel as thiooo I, I, I`m going to bllee  slicck I",

"She sure gets pissed fast don`t she".

"John with what she has drunk that was just a top up,go on Teddy she`s all
your`s".

"Is that right cunt,a, is it true what they say,are you all mine,I think so,your
in no position to stop me so get your legs open,I`ll fuck your cunt first,then
if you ain`t sick I`ll fuck your pretty little mouth".

"I feel dizzy I can`ttt eerrrr sleem to thlink I oh no no".

"You won`t say no when you see it cunt,here get your eye`s on this porker,see
whats going to get in to you now open up those legs".

"Oh god no it`s to big no please not that no yourrr too heavyyy I shlant be 
able tooo ooohhh,oh ahhhh sshloooonooo aahhh".

"Snug as a bug in a rug,now for the fucking,get your legs up,let me have some
room,come on girl,got you now up go your legs on my shoulders and wham bam thank
you mam,get in".

"Oh no no it`s so big on god it`s aahhhh ah ah Jesus Christ no og god it`s it`s
ahh ahh ahh ooohhh yes yes hard do me hard it`s going to  be  ahhh yes fuck me
ffffffuck me give it to my cunt pleassssee fuck me hard I what it go for me take
me".

"Fucking hell Charlie she is a hot little fuck once you get stuck into her,I`m
going to enjoy her".

"You enjoy her Teddy my boy I`m going for a piss,shit is that the phone,Trev go
see".

"A John".

"Yes Gary what you want".

"You better jump in or you`ll never get Teddy off her,if you get her going she
keeps getting wet,that's why we kept her tied up so we could play with her and
start her up again,she takes it up the ass and that`s a tight fit".

"I`ll get her,don`t you worry my cocks going to get some of that".

"Charlie,charlie that was her old man on the phone".

"Hang on let`s get my cock dry".

"He`s coming back".

"Shit what did he say".

"Err let me think,Business been done should be back sooner than I thought but
the bad news I have to go to Germany to finalize on the 24th,love you,sorry to
have missed you,I expect you busy enjoying yourself,see you soon,love
you,bye,all that crap,I think that's about it all".

"Oh yes fuck fuck me hard do me come on you bastard fill my cunt
harder,harder,I`m cuming god I`m cuming".

"Yes I should say she`s busy enjoying her-self,but what the fuck does home
sooner,could be today,I think our time is up,you here that Teddy".

"I ain`t going nowhere till I`ve finished fucking this beauty and I think John
wants some cunt or mouth, so you can fuck off,I`ll take my chance,what about you
John".

"I`ll take a chance with you,he would`nt ring if he was close so I`ll stay and
help you fuck the shit out of her,she`s gorges so I must fuck one of her holes
or I`d never forgive myself".

The three men checked the house out then sorted the van out and left,Teddy and
John stayed another three hours fucking her permanently taking advantage of her
being tied and unable to stop them using all three holes.They forced more drink
into the exhausted woman,untied her and left her naked on the bed with juice
dribbling out of her cunt, ass and mouth,too sore to move.

In the morning she was woken by the phone.

"Hello"

"Hello darling,sorry I missed you yesterday,were you busy".

"Eerrr yes busy,I,I`m sorry to, I missed your call".

"Are you all right you sound strange you have`nt been over doing it have
you,anyway just got a second,`  I,ll be back on Friday,yes I`m coming,sorry
darling must go,take care,love you".

"Alright Dan love you too".

"Must go,bye darling".

"Bye".

She staggered back to the bedroom and looked at the mess,the bottles,empty cans
and worst of all the torn pieces of tape that had held her defenceless, left her
at the mercy of those bastards,those bastards who had forced her to give them
what they wanted and, much to her disgust, forced her to enjoy it.She slept
almost until the following day.She got up very early,bathed,put on bra,pants and
a long T-shirt then set too cleaning the house, covering up the memory of what
she had let happen.She ate and sat drinking coffee,the door bell rang,she jumped
and looked out of the window at the front door,there where two women, one of
them carried a large case.

"Hello,who is it".

"Mrs Bristow"

"Yes"

"You have sent for an Ann Summers catalogue and we are the representatives for
the area and wish to see you,can we come in".

"Eerrrr yes I suppose so".

"Thank you,oh what a lovely house,should we go in to the lounge,oh yes this is
lovely".

"Thank you, please take a seat,I eerrr yes sit yes thank you".

"Are you all right,you don`t mind us calling".

"No no the company will er be eerrr nice".

"Well come and sit and we can get started,first,why did you contact us,what did
you want".

"My husband is away and he told me to go to the shops and buy something nice and
to get some new undies,I foolishly thought it would be fun to get something a
bit naughty,you know".

"Oh yes we know but you are such a pretty woman and very well endowerd I would
have thought he did`nt need the old come-on,oohh uucck,sorry do you think I
could have a drink".

"Yes of course,what would you like tea,water".

"You have`nt got something a little stronger have you,don`t get up,Corrie can
fetch it".

"Thank you there's some drink in the fridge".

"Off you go Corrie,my names Trudy what's yours".

"Debbie"

"Here we are, found a big bottle of wine and three glass`s here you go this
should get rid of that frog in your throat".

"Here`s Debbie's and one for you and me".

"No not for me".

"Oh come on Debbie you can`t invite us in to your house and not drink with us".

"I`m sorry but,eerrr oh all right just one to be sociable,thank you".

"Put it down to  Ann Summers I`ll give you a discount on your first order,that
should cover it".

"Drink up lets get the party going,show her some of our fantastic saucy
underwear".

"There is a selection of peek a boo bra`s and crutchless panties,the suspender
belts,oohhpp nearly spilt it,careful Debbie that's a full glass gone already".

"I`mmm sorry oopps nearly dropped it itisshh a good drink,I needed it".

"There is something bothering you,what it is",

"I,I,can`t talk about itish I  can`t oh god it`s too horrible to talk about".

"You will feel better if you do beside`s me and Trudy are good listeners,come on
try,just tell us,you`ll feel better, I know you will".

"Oh god I feel awshfull,can I have a drop more,thank you eerr I suppose I should
start at the beginning,Dan and I were having an office built in the attic and
had got a firm to do it, they should have started in a few weeks but two days
ago they came.They came just after Dan had gone,they said they could do the job
with out.Hic,oopps sorry,I`ll have another sip,Dan here anyway,I let them in.

There were three of them,they were called Charlie,Gary and Trevor,I was silly I
had`nt put day clothes on,I was to involved in them showing me plans anyway they
started to.Hic,Hic oh goshh,the drinks getting to me.That was the trouble then,
I had some beer and plenty of wine in the fridgggeee and they took shome and
gave mlee a drink,they kept giving me drink and I drank just to keep themmm
quite.They tried to sober me up bye making me wet oh shit, I mean with something
cold on my neck,they made my house slip wet and pulled it off ,I washhh a bit
drunk by then,am I making sinchs".

"Yes your making since, we understand,the bastards,they were intent on getting
you drunk and not in control of yourself,terrible,here have another sip and
carry on".

"Thank you for listening,eerr were was I,yes they got me up stairs and they
threw me on the bed,they started touching me,I tried to fight but their hands
were every-where,I,I got very excited,I could`nt,Hic, help it,drink hash a funny
effect on me.The one called Gary started kissing me,he was forcshing his tongue
in my mouth,I wanted him to stop,then I felt some-one touching me between my
legs,I`m sorry thish is getting very bad".

"No no we understand,you`ll feel better with it off your chest,go on".

"Just another sip then,oh goshh,this ish good wine,the one called Charlie
pushhhed his finger`s in me and started to,you know".

"He started to finger fuck you,it`s alright we girls can say it in confidence".

"Yes, he started to finger fuck me and he was doing it hard,I could`nt help but
start to get wet,he was good and Gary was kisshhing me and his hands were
allover my breast`s,I got turned on,they stripped the rest of my clothes off and
Char,Charlie got on me pushed my legs apart,put his cock in to my cunt and
fucked me real hard,I,I started to cum he made me cum,I was so ashamed.I was
crying when Gary took his place and he fucked me again and he made me scream,I
could`nt help it they were playing with my body, I came again.I hoped they`d
leave me but Trevor wanted to fuck my bum,I`ve nevvverr been into anal shex and
I really fought but they turned me over and spanked me,I shtill fought ,that's
when they got some tape and tied my arms behind me,I was defenceless,they put
pillows under me,pushing my bottom up in the air thenTrevor fucked my ass.God I
need a drink,thank you,eerrr as he fucked my ass Charlie shtuck his cock in my
mouth and I was forced to suck him and tickle the end of his fat nob with my
tongue,he got realllly hard again and he wanted to have a twosh up".

"The bastard they wanted to fuck your cunt and ass-hole at the same time,god I
hate men,oopps should`nt have said that,go on".

"They positioned me and did fuck both my holeshh,but it had the same effect on
me, I got so wet and came again,they still had`nt finishhed with me.Charlie made
a phone call and whilst he did that Trevor dragged me back over the bed on my
back and got me withish my head hanging over,he knelt down and stuck foul big
cock in my mouthish all I could see wash hish balls slapping in my eye`s and
feel his hands as he groped my tit`sssh,then Gary started fingering my pussie
and playing with the other tit,I was putty in their evil hands.Oh god it getsh
worse".

"Youv`e told us most, you may as well go all the way it sounds as though you did
with all of them".

"Yesh it`s doooes a bit dosss`nt it,two more turned up and I tried to get them
to release me but all they were interested in was fucking me any way they
wanted.A nasty one called Teddy forched more drunk,I mean drink in me,he played
with me between my leg`s then started to fuck me, he was really big and did me
hard,harder then thesse otherish.My Dan rung while they were having fun with me
and left a messhhage that frightened off the first three but the other two
worked out that Dan would`nt be home that early if he had rung so they
shtayed,kept me tied up and fucked me for another three hours".

"How did they fuck you,go on,your enjoying remembering this,have another drink".

"What do you mean,oh thank you, just a sip.After Teddy had given me a good
fucking they made me kneel infront of them and suck them both,they  just held my
head and turned it from one to the other as they abused my mouth ,when Teddy was
hard again they bent me over,Teddy took me from behind,fucking my cunt as John
filled my mouthsh and they went at me again for ageshs,next thing I knew was
they untied me held me tightsshhly by my hair, sat me on the edgge of the bed
and I had to  play with both of them,wanking them as they sshlat ether side of
me on the bed,pulling my nipples then shhucking them while they pulled my legs
open and fingered my cunt,they stood up and I found myshhelf  tickling their
balls with my fingers and then wanking them off in to my mouthss,they still put
their hands down and kept squeezing my pian filled breast`s I hated it they were
filthy bastards".

"Oh ya it`s sounds like you hated every minute of it but go on,what else did you
have to do for them".

" I had to hold my tithh`s together while I was forced to glive them a tit
wank,they made me do that until I had their filthy juicesh all over my face,I
was so tired bly then, they left me on the bed whilshe they looked round the
house,they must have taken some jewellery and cashhh before coming back to get
dressed,when they saw me on the bed where they had leftish me,I remember Teddy
saying,She looks real cute,then they grabbed hold of me again,turned me over and
fucked me both ends doggie shtyle up my pussie and Johm pushed his cock all the
way down my throat,making me shhwallow his filth before they finally left
me,that's whatshed happened".

"Wow you did get a good gangbanging,sounds as though you enjoyed it,you must be
a very sexy woman".

"No no I`m not, that`sh why I don`t drink unless I`m with Dan,he likesh to get
me drunk because he knows I fuck well when I`m pisshed".

"Here have another drink,you have some things to look at and of course there`s
my special compartment for naughty girls".

"Oh yes show her the special`s she may go for them".

"Hay are you saying I`m naughshty,mind you I can be with Danny".

"Oh no these are special for your own pleasure`s".

"I`m intrigued shhhow  mle,please shlow me,I`ve had to much drink,plut I feel
better having told slome one".

"Take a look at this, it comes with two sizes of rubber cock".

"There light rubbery panties, what's thissss for?".

"You put a cock in there and it fits up you all day,held in place with the
pantie`s and the larger of the two cocks can vibrate,why not go in to the
kitchen and fit into them,tell me you don`t like the idea".

"Oh I can`t".

"Yes you can here let me help you to the kitchen,it will be fun,especially for
you come on,no harm in it,her take another sip of wine".

"O K jutsht for the flun of it,ops nearly fell,thank you,won`t be a minute,oohh
it lookshs big".

"There you go,come out a show us when your ready".

"Oooohh thish is wicked of you,see you in a bit".

"Corrie what you thinking".

"Obvious ain`t it,we get her turned on,we can use the hand-cuffs and filler
gag,then we can have as much fun with her as those lucky bastard did,she`s very
pretty got nice tit`s, I fancy her tongue fucking my cunt for the afternoon,
don`t you?".

"Oh yes and I fancy getting between her legs as well,nice sexy woman and she
won`t tell any-one,sshhh here she comes".

"With what we got in this case she soon will be, over and over again".

"Oooooohhh it feelss funny it `sh sho big,do the pant`s look sexy or what, oops
nearly fell over then,did`nt I".

"Very sexy,lift your T -shirt a little more so we can see the snug fit,oh yes,do
you like it ,have you got it switched on,girls who like to go into bondage use
those with trick hand-cuffs and gags,switch it on until they come and then untie
themselves after a good session on their own,no man problem`s".

"Ooohh that doesh sound naughty but good fun".

"Why don`t you try it,here let me show you the gag and trick hand-cuffs,you`ll
love them".

"Oh I don`t noish to much about thish".

"Here have another drink,no harm in looking,is there".

"Thlink you,opps I should slit down,nnooooo oh that's big,I think I`lllll stand
and drink".

"Here look at these see they clip on,I`ll do it to show you,on behind my back
and a little click and there off again,and look at this gag".

"Oooohh it`s glot a dick on it`sh,it`s fatter than Danny`s but not as long,ooh
it feels funny,haa it`sh got a pee hole in it".

"Yes,great ain`t it,you can pour cream in the back and then pretend to suck cum
out of it and when you run your tongue over it,it really do`es feel like the
real thing,here try".

"I don`t know,eerrrrr oh all right just a lishttle try".

"That's a girl, here let me help".

"Ooohh ahhh mmmmm".

"And clip it shut at the back,mmm that looks nice, here try the cuffs,do the
whole set".

"Mmmmm aahhhmmm".

"Sorry O K you do it,that's it clip them behind your back,are they locked
tight".

"Mm hhaa".

"Can you get out of them".

"Mmmmmmm  mm mmm mm m".

"Of course you can`t, you have`nt got this,it`s the locking pin,well now what
are you going to do".

"Mmmmmm mmm m mm ".

"Well I know what I`m going to do,I`m going to switch that little button between
your legs to the vibrate position and see how your ass start`s to move.There
hows that feel".

"Mmmm mmmmmmm mmmm".

"Hold still,good is`nt it,you must be enjoying it,you like a cock up you cunt
and one in your mouth a bit like having the builders in,all you need now is your
tit`s played with,come on Corrie lets see how hard her nipples are,get some
scissors from the kitchen and cut this silly T-shirt off,I want to play with
some tit before we get her cunt over heated".

"Mmmm m mm mmm".

"Just cut from the arm to the neck and we will unveil her,stand still or we will
cut you".

"Oh yes very nice,pity the under wear isn`t that sexy,might as well cut the bra
off and have them big beauties out to play".

"MMmmmm m mm m".

"Is that rubber cock getting to you,you seem to be doing a lot of squirming down
there,tell you what why don`t we take you upstairs and get you stretched out on
that bed of yours then we can get more comfortable".

"Mmmmm mm hhhhaa mm".

"Come on or I`ll pull your hair out,get up the stairs,hurry up".

"Mmm mm".

"It feels great walking with a cock buzzing up your cunt doesn`t it,I bet your
getting wet".

"Mmmmm mmm m mmmm

"That`s it,oh nice room,nice big bed,for having fun,on you go".

"Ooppmmmm",

"Lay still,or I,ll tie your legs,just lay there while we get undressed,Corrie
look at her wiggle, that cock stuck up her is giving her a good time".

"She better be having a good time she`s going to give us some good head later".

"Mmmm m mmm m".

"Trudy you lay that side of her and I`ll lay here,we can enjoy a tit each,she
has such lovely big nipples I can see why those blokes could`nt get enough of
her,what you doing?".

"Just going to have a feel in the pant`s,I,m curious as to how wet she is".

"You mean you fancy a play with it,go on have a feel,see if it`s got hair round
it".

"Oh yes,oh yes and wet curlies as well".

"Aghhmmmh".

"That`s it girl your motor is really running,mmm your nipples are like bullets,I
bet those blokes sucked you really well,I can imagen them lining up to suck on
these and I bet you enjoyed it when they did,you thirsty".

"Nip and get the wine we can pour it in the gag and she can suck it down her
throat,just want her to have a wet tongue for later".

"Don`t go away gorges I`ll be back with a drinky for you".

"I`ll keep her hot,I`m going to play with that cunt of her`s,you don`t mind if I
give you a little tickle do you,if your a good girl I`ll up the power in that
cock".

"Mmmm".

"Yes I thought you would like that oh you are wet,mmmm your nipples really
respond to the old tongue lick,is that what those blokes did,keep fucking you
and sucking these lovely nipples I reckon you deliberately dressed like that and
wanted them to rape you,your a hot cunt,the thought of you alone,naked,tied up
and at the mercy of five blokes was to much for you to pass up,you enjoyed every
minute of every fucking you got,am I right".

"Mmmm mm mhh".

"Look at your hips now you can hardly keep them still,that's what you were like
on top of one of their cocks,bouncing like a goodun,lets see,let`s up the buzzer
between those lovely leg`s".

"Aahhmmm m  mmmm".

"You love it don`t you,hay Connie look at her wiggle aint she a darling,oh good
you got the drink".

"Here we go,more wine for the tart,take the cap off".

"Give us a swig first,thanks,here you go in the hole,drink up my little
beauty,keep going,that's it,recap".

"Oh boy look at her bottom hump she motoring".

"Ya I turned it up to full can`t you hear the buzz,it`s making her go".

"Tell you what,go down and get,Supa Thunder,we`ll take the pant`s off and use
the big boy on her,that and the drink should make her do anything we want".

"Ya and I know what I want,how's your tongue Debbie,hope it`s a long one,back in
a flash".

"A drop more in the cap,don`t fight it you know your loving every minute of it,I
bet you got wet telling us the story,your ass was certainly rubbing the
furniture,if I go down to the washing machine hiding in there, is a wet sticky
pair of pants ready for the wash".

"Aahh mm mmpphh".

"Mmmmm I can`t get enough of your gorges tit`s,your nipples suck up at least an
inch,mmttuuck,mmttuuck look at those bounce there lovely,don`t fight,I`ll take
the gag out soon,trouble is you look as though your enjoying sucking it, is it
like sucking off those builders cocks,is it how they all fucked your mouth,don`t
worry soon you`ll get something really nice in your mouth,me.".

"Found it,it`s fantastic,nearly used it on my self but I don`t want to spoil
what little Debbie`s going to do to me".

"Get back on the bed,give me a kiss,god I feel horny,did`nt think this
morning,you know, after I`d licked your cunt out that we were going to have a
new play thing and is`nt she pretty,come on you get the pants off and the little
dick out and I`ll prepare Supa Thunder for a trip in to heaven`s hole,what do
you think Debbie?".

"Mmmmmm mmm".

"Oh shit, just look how wet she is,that`s one hot turned on cunt,god those boy`s
must have thought they`d hit the jack-pot with this sexy tart to fuck,that`s
what you are Debbie dear a horny tart that's loves being fucked in every
hole,well lets see what your like with the ladies".

"O K Corrie give me a couple of minutes working on her cunt with the
Thunder,pour somemore drink in the gag then you can have some of those lovely
tit`s to suck on, when your sure she`s drank the contents then take the gag out
and we will see how long her tongue is,hope it`s a good length,be a shame to
have gone to all this trouble of getting her randy and not have her licking us
out the way we want".

"Mmmm mAahhh mm".

"Oh stop pretending you don`t want it,feel this, oh yes, you want it.Hay Corrie
look at this, just rubbing old thunder over her clit and her hips are
jumping,oohhh look at her legs opening she can`t help it,can you imagen those
blokes wanking her off then giving her the end of a big cock,she must have
sucked them up this cunt of hers,watch me push old thunder up,see how easy it`s
going in,oohh she loves her cunt filled,I think you can take the gag out".

"Pull you head round,thats it,clip off and let it out come on let it out,your
going to suck something else now".

"Stop it please stop it oh no don`t aahhh noooo I eerrr I can`t take oohhh it`ss
so big it`ss sooo ohh god yes push it in further oohh yes harder please do me
harder,oohh fuck oohh  fuck,fuck me with it".

"Told you no-one can stop Supa Thunder and she loves it,watch this,I`m going to
pull it out and touch her clit with the end".

"Oohho oohhh no don`t take it away oohh no I need it pleaseeee do it again".

"You want it in, you want it to fuck you say please".

"Yesss oohh yeessss pleaseeee please fuck me with it".

"Did you like those men fucking you,did you like it up your ass,was sucking
their cocks better than your husbands,well was it".

"Ohh it wasn`t like that they made me fuck them I could`nt help it but they were
so big,I like big cocks and they knew I was horny for big cocks,I I I needed it
yeesss I liked being raped oh god put it in for fuck sake fuck me".

"I`ll put it back but after Corrie has sat on your face and your fucking her
cunt with your tongue,go on Corrie get your cunt in her mouth".

"Oh no please,I don`t know how but just fuck me I will let you play with my no
no I aaahhhh mmmmmm".

"That`s it horny tart start to suck my clit,you better get me off or Trudy won`t
fuck you,now get your tongue moving as fast as your cunt,cunt".

"Go on Connie ride her face go on I`ll fuck her hard go on ride her".

"Come on bitch suck it in your mouth,get my clit and lick it come on,Trudy fuck
the bitch get her moving".

"Mmlllmlmlllllllllmm".

"Shut the fuck up and lick,don`t talk with your mouth full,use it on my
cunt,come on,come on suck,suck yes that`s it yes Christ yes".

"Connie don`t pull her hair out,you`ll have her head up your cunt if you don`t
stop,she`ll suck you off, her hips are jumping,I`m just holding thunder in,
she`s doing the rest".

"Oh Christ yes ooohhhh just there do it there, oh yes,yes aaahhh I`m cuming,
oohhh I`m cuming

"Go on Connie she`s cuming too, go on fuck her face,here she cums the bitch is
bucking fucking hell she flooding juice oh yes have some more hard fucking yes
look at her cum".

"Ooooohhh Christ yes yes yessss I a,a,ahhhhh oohhh yes fucking fantastic oohh
look at her face".

"Get off her so I can see,oh boy you`ve bathed her you wet cunt you don`t cum
like that over me,she must be good,I can`t wait to try her out".

"You can wait a little longer,I`m going to snog her mouth I love the taste of a
juiced up mouth,you gona do a little kissy kissy with me Debs,don`t shake your
head,it`s stupid to think you have a choice,come here".

"No plaese my mouths sore,don`t I`m to tierd it`s the drink I I can`t do
anymmmmmmm".

"Oh Connie do you snog good what a tongue you randy bitch,hows she taste I bet
she`s lovely,looks it".

"Mmmmmm come on Debs open your mouth,let`s do the kissing bit I`ve had your
tongue up my cunt now let`s have it in my mouth,mmmmm lovely,just want to lick
my juice off your lips,mmmmm yes fabulous now the tongue,mmmm give me some
tongue you cunt".

"Hay slow down Corrie she`s just learning, she`ll suck better next time,just
enjoy the gorges bitch,come on let me get my cunt licked out, your having all
the fun, it`s time for me to ride the face you can have this perfect hot hole
between her legs".

"Allright,allright for fuck sake,I now I love you but you don`t get a piece of
gorges cunt like this every day,I`m just enjoying it".

"Well come down this end and enjoy this",

"Mmmmmm oh yes look at that juicy hole all wet and just waiting to be
licked,give me that little vibrator,I`ll tickle her clit with it while I drink
her juice,come on get on her face I`ll start her going".

"Noo not again please leave me alone,please untie me,please I won`t tell any-one
just let me go".

"She say`s please allot".

"Get on her face,don`t worry I`ll please her,get your legs open bitch and enjoy
my tongue,I`ve never had complaint`s on how my tongue fucks and you won`t be the
first".

"Come on little Debbie get your tongue on Trudy`s cunt".

"Noo no I can`t".

"Look you don`t want Trudy to get mad do you,I will make Connie do bad things to
that cunt of yours when she could give you a lot of pleasure and besides I`m
going to sit on your face until I squirt jucie in your pretty mouth and I`ll sit 
for as long as it takes, you can`t get free,so your ours to do with as we
like,it`s just like when you were gang raped so just give in and get  your
tongue up me".

"Don`t worry Trudy darling, she will soon be doing the business,mmmmmm  
mmmmmm".

"Oh yes,you do to my cunt what she`s doing to your`s".

"Mmmmmmm she`s tasty allright,mmmmm,oh my a little hip jump already".

"Go on Connie I think she`s on the juice again,oohhhh defiantly,that's it oohhh
yes,do me in the same place you did her,that's it".

"Mmmmm come on Debbie that's it,just feel that buzzer on your nub mmmmmm oohh
yes she juicen,mmmmm".

"That's it Debbie,I`ll just hold my lips open for you to get right inside,ooohhh
that`s it in you go,goooooohhh aahhhh lovvvvely".

"Oooohhh mmmmmm lovely little cunt mmmm no wonder those boy`s loved fucking it
mmm wets up a treat,mmmmm lovely lets see what your like with a finger up your
ass,mmmm".

"That`s it Debbie really lick me hard,go on get your legs round Connie neck
she`ll suck you out a hell of a lot better like that,go on do it you may as well
your ours to play with now".

"Ooooohh yes she likes a finger up her bum-hole ooohhh yes put your legs round
me pull meemmmm inmmm you horny bitch oohh mmmm give meeeeeeemthat ,mmmmmmmm
hole mmmmmm".

"Oooohh yesssss darling lick,lick,lick some more yeessss god that's good, go on
up up mmm ooohhhhhhh I`m gona cum in yourrrr   oohhhh mmmmouth god girl lick,
come on make my cum yoooo bitch fuck me, fuck me with that ton tongue ooohhhhh

oh shit oh shit yessss yes, make it happen,lick her Connie oohh god this issss
oooohhh ssooooo gooood shit I`m cummin".

"Come onnn mmmmm Debbbbsss suck her outttt mmmm god she likes her ass poked mmmm
oh your cummin tooo mmmmm come on mmmm,your strangling meeeee ooohhhh yes spurt
it spurt it, you juicy horny cunt oh yes,I`m soaking".

"Swallow me, oohhh swallow me you yesss oohhh mmmm  aaahhhh swallow it all lick
it out come on god that's it god that's good swallow come on swallow yes yeses
oohhhhh aahhhhh yes".

"Well Trudy did you enjoy her".

"That was a bit of good licking but only after you got her going,what`s next".

"Oh I don`t know, should we ask our little cunt lapper what she fancies doing to
us next".

"Please leave me alone I feel sick and I need to go to the toilet please take
the cuffs off,they hurt me,please I----".

"Hay who are you to ask,you do as we say and if we do you any favours you will
have to earn them,with your mouth".

"Please I must go".

"Come on to the bathroom,we ain`t taking the cuffs off so get used to doing it
in public".

"There you go sit and enjoy,did the men make you pee for them".

"Teddy and John made me stand in the bath and do it with my legs open so they
could watch".

"Oh I love perverts what say you Corrie".

"Bitch you know what I want,have you finished".

"Yes"

"Yes what?".

"Yes thank you".

"O K up you come and stand with your legs open I want to lick you dry,open your
legs or I`ll pull the hairs out of that bush one by one until you do,good girl
you learn fast, that`s it, I knew you`d see since.Down I go and oh yes a nice
wet cunt, lovely mmmmm".

"It seems funny to see her head between your legs it`s usually between mine
after a piss she has got a thing about juice me I like orange but I also like
your nipples,think I`ll have me a lick you just stand there like a good girl
while we lick your nice bit`s mmmmm".

"Please don`t do this to me,I don`t want it,it`s wrong,I love my
husband,nnoooooo not there,oh no".

"Ohh god Trudy doing that makes me randy,I hope Debbie's into giving us another
licking".

"Hear that Debs Corrie want`s another licking and I won`t say no,what do you say
too licking us both out again and then if you get us off, it will be time for us
to leave or we could stay all night,it`s up to you".

"No no I`ll do it again then please let me go,please promise you will let me
go".

"Alright bend down and suck my nipples get your lips around them and suck them
hard,I like them sucked it get`s me really turned on."

"Nooo please I can`t".

"Come on bend and suck".

"Noo don`t pull me hair pleases,allright,allright I will mmmmmmm mm mmm".

"What you think Connie we get licked and she doe`s it good then we call it a
day".

"Mmmmm I`ll be a while she taste good,let her suck your tit`s for a moment while
I finish her off".

"You heard her Debbie lick and suck hard,bend a little more so I can get my
hands under you and squeeze them tittie`s".

"O K in the bedroom and on your knees I need to be got off I,m really wet after
sucking her out,tell you what though,it would be a shame for us to have all the
fun,why don`t we fit the pantie cock back on her then she can get fucked while
she gives us head,O K Debbie that`s the deal."

"Please no not that".

"Get the pants on girly don`t fight it,I said don`t fight it or I can give you a
slappin,that's it, in one leg,now the other,bend your knees so we can push the
cock in your cunt,snug fit you wet bitch,do you want it as a slow fuck or a fast
fuck".

"Please no ooooo".

"There you go I decided a fast fuck for a fast lick,get on your knees me and
Trudy will stand ether side and you can lick us out,we will move your head to
give us maximum pleasure now start licking,the quicker you get us off the
quicker we go and we will leave you the pantie cock as a souvenir,now get to
it".

"Please no switch it off oh no it`s,its".

"It`s fucking you,just what you like,ask any builder,we know you love a
fucking,so fuck us or I`ll stick one up your bum".

The women forced Debbie to suck them out making her work her tongue so hard up
each of them,it took her an hour of humiliation before she found her self alone,
exhausted and totally bemused at how she had got herself in to that situation
again.Danny came home late the following day,she was quite and he did notice,
she fained a head`ache and the wrong time of the month,he was very caring and
gentle,so much so that she felt dreadfull when he ask her if she had a good time
while he was away and why she had not bought anything,she lied to him some-thing
she had never done before. After a few days she decided it was time to forget
and get back to normal.

It was a few days later, just before the Germany trip, when he answered the
phone,he came in to Debbie,"That was the loft converters they were talking about
the 24th I told them I was away for a week and they said not to worry they
did`nt think they could start it any-way so I left it at that".Debbie had
forgotten and was relived they were unable to start in fact she told Danny that
she was thinking of visiting her sister at the remote caravan while he was away.

After a night of real passionate love making Danny left her in bed,told her he
knew if she did`nt answer the phone he would realize she`d be with her crazy
sister,kissed her long and hard and took off for his business trip,she got up
and cleaned around the house thought about going to her sisters who lived out in
the middle of no-where but then thought of the comfort`s of her own home, a bath
for one and that's what she did next, a nice soaky bath,full of nice perfume
then she did her hair,a little make up and what to wear.She looked in her
underwear draw and found her favourite panties then the bra only to realise it
had been cut up by those horrid women then she found that pantie cock set,threw
it on the bed determined to burn it.At last she looked at herself in pink bra
and pants,she slipped on her silk house coat,dabbed a little perfume on her neck
and went down stairs.

"Ppphhmmmmmmm".

"Got her".

"Hold her tight Gary,my she doe`s look good".

"Mmmmmmm"

"No Gary is not taking his hand away from your mouth until you and I get a few
things straight".

"Mmmmmmm  mm mmmmm".

"Teddy John,Trev check the house out,I`ll strap the little sweethearts hands
behind her,don`t fight there is no point,there you go and a little thick tape
should keep you quite,there,all taped up and no-where to go just sit down".

"Charlie I got to hand it to you,this is the plan of plan`s".

"Thank you Gary,it pays to have lived a little and her old man stupid enough to
think we wern`t coming".

"Mmmm mmmmmm mmm".

"Yes Charlie they one thing we will be doing is cuming"

"Your right there mate",

"Mmmmm mmmm".

"Gary sit the other side of her I,ll make myself comfy this side,hello
sweetheart,opps your house coat seems to have opened showing me that you have
got fabulous legs".

"Hay Charlie what's between them ain`t bad ether".

"You never spoke a truer word,now sweetheart".

"Mmmmmmmmm".

"As I said, listen sweetheart,your old mans away for 7 days we have a job that
well take 3 men 5 days,if you can count we have 5 blokes,that means three on one
job and two on another,you being the other".

"Mmmmmmm  mmmmm".

"Yes I thought you`d like that,any-way to continue we have also told our wive`s
that we have a job that requires over night work so two of us will being staying
each night,you know just for company,I`m sure you can think of something to
entertain us and-----".

"A Charlie look what I found in her bedroom".

"Christ Trev, what's that,oh you naughty girl a pantie with a cock in it and I
thought she was lonely and lost with-out hubby,oh Debbie you must show us how
that works".

"Mmmmmmmm  mmm".

"Oh don`t worry we bought plenty of booze and some nice strong wine for you,
that`s just one of the things you`ll be getting down your throat".

"Here Charlie should we get the gear in from the van".

"Good idea, fetch the lads and shift the stuff in the kitchen,put the work stuff
there,then take the unusual gear up to the bedroom,go on move,don`t worry I
won`t start with out you much as my cock is aching to get in her".

"Mmmm mmm m".

"You are impatient to get started Debbie dear,lets run through how you are going
to behave and what will happen if you don`t,hay and while I`m telling you,you
don`t mind if I have a feel of those nice big tit`s of yours,do you".

"Mmmmmm mmm mm".

"Oh sweetheart I know you want to get started,oh and feeling these so do I but
first some ground rules.We have made some things at the workshop they will allow
you to move and do things like, go to the loo or wash or make food but not very
quickly,you see you won`t be able to close your legs which means we will be able
to fuck you know matter what you are doing,also at night we will expect you to
do all the things a pretty young married house-wife should do with her body
except we will be your 5 husbands and we will fuck you any-way we like,for the
next 5 days your ass,cunt,tit`s and mouth are our`s to do with as we please,I
can`t tell you how much I`m looking forward to having you helplessly
spread-engled on a bed for five days to poke when ever I feel like it and as for
hubby,you did`nt tell him last time and you won`t tell him this time.Now if you
play ball we won`t hurt you,but,no,no but`s you don`t want to know what we can
do to a pretty young thing like you.You remember that little spanking I gave
you,I want to see what a good spanking doe`s to you,I fancy doing it to you over
my knee with that rubber cock buzzing away up your cunt".

"Mmmmmmmm mm mm ".

"But we do want to cut your cunt bush,you can tell hubby it`s a surprise for him
when he gets home, we do want to see what we are eating".

"Mmmm  mmmm mmmm".

"Oh come off it sweetheart we know you love your cunt licked,that really turns
you into a cock begging fucking machine,right were was I,oh yes when we take the
gag off you will not scream you may get one chance but after that you will wear
a ring gag for five day`s that`s not a nice thought,thinking of where we could
shit,so it`s up to you,we are going to fuck you harder than you have ever been
fucked before for the next five days and it will be non-stop,if you did`nt want
it than you should`nt have drunk so much".


                                                       PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





