BDSM Library - A Visit To Holland




A Visit To Holland
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The man who goes to Holland to visit on-line friend gets kidnapped.
A Visit to Holland

	My adventure started innocently enough in the Yahoo! Clubs.  More
specifically, Women Kidnapping Guys Club.  Being kidnapped and turned into some
woman's sex toy has always been a fantasy of mine, and being a member of this
club helps me explore this fantasy.  There is one problem with the club however,
its male members naturally lust after the female members but the female members
want nothing to do with the male members.  What would be kidnapper wants a
willing victim, where is the fun in that?  It was this exact topic I was
involved with other members of the club when I first heard from Tara.  Tara
supported my argument I was having with some other male members about the men
that beg the women of the club to kidnap them and how that would never happen. 
Tara is a married woman of 38 that lived in the Netherlands.  She is interested
in erotica involving women kidnapping men.  I had written a few stories in the
club that she liked and we started corresponding.  Tara was and is the only
woman I have really ever corresponded to about my kinks.  She is very real and
loving.  We enjoy this correspondence with each other because there are no head
games being played.  We are both in very happy marriages each with children. 
Both our spouses know of our kinks and indulge us to some extent.  Tara is the
first woman I have met in cyber space that wasn't after something or wanting a
picture of my penis.  I wrote a story titled "Tara's Revenge" and posted it to
the club in honor of her and her kindness.  Our relationship was a very safe
cyber relationship.  We were not looking for anything physical and we were
separated by the Atlantic Ocean.  This past winter that relationship changed.

	My company needed to send someone to a professional seminar in
Rotterdam.  I never volunteer for these boring and tedious seminars but a chance
to go to Holland and meet Tara was a chance I had to take.  So I volunteered and
was chosen for the seminar.  All I had to do was gather information at the 5-day
seminar. My company would not allow for my wife to come along.  My wife knows
about Tara and I was disappointed that I would be heading to Europe alone.  I
don't think Tara was thrilled with the news of my visit to her home country. 
She seemed to avoid the topic of a meeting.  My intended meeting was innocent
enough in my mind.  I wanted to meet her and her family and speak face to face
rather then through keyboards.  I continued to pick Tara's brain for information
to aid my travel to the Netherlands.  Very suddenly Tara's whole outlook on my
trip changed.  Not only was she very excited about my trip; she took over the
details of my itinerary.  I was too happy about the change in her attitude to
think about the reason behind the change.  Tara had planned a big surprise for
me and I was going to be the last to know about it.

	Tara insisted that I fly into Amsterdam's Schiphol airport rather then
Rotterdam's airport.  Unknown to me Tara had a friend named Moloko who shared
her interests and worked for customs in Amsterdam.  Moloko has always fantasized
about taking a man against his will and having her way with him.  She has always
been afraid of getting caught.  Tara saw me as the perfect victim for her
friend.  If things went wrong she knew I would never turn her friend in. Tara
knew I was arriving 8:07 a.m. on KLM flight 607 from Kennedy airport in New
York. She also had a physical description of what I would be wearing and me.  I
was told she and her husband would meet me at the exit gate.  I had no clue
about the trap Tara had set.

	I was excited about going to Europe for my first visit.  I had never
traveled out of North America.  Being an American I have ancestry roots to many
places.  Holland was one of those countries.  But all I knew about Holland were
tulips, wooden shoes and windmills.  I was also happy knowing that soon I would
have a face to go with the name Tara.

	The flight was uneventful.  My wife saw me off at JFK.  I was very
uncomfortable the whole time.  Airplanes are not made for us big guys.  I could
never sleep in anything moving so I was cramped and exhausted as we landed in
Amsterdam.  After departing the plane I found my luggage with no problem and
waited my turn to go through customs.  I was a little surprised at how all
airports seemed the same; it didn't matter what country you were in.  While in
line a customs agent came up to me and asked if I was Bob.  She was very tall
for a woman.  She had short dark hair and was dressed in a white blouse and a
tight navy blue skirt.  I would not call her beautiful but handsome came to
mind.  On her blouse was a nametag that read Moloko.  She demanded my passport
and that I follow her.  She led me to a small room.  The room had two stainless
steel chairs and a stainless steel table.  Along one wall was a large mirror. 
The rest of the room was void of any character.  It reminded me of hundreds of
interrogation rooms I have seen on TV police shows.  My assumption was that the
mirror was a one-way glass and that I was in an interrogation room.  Moloko
ordered me to sit and keep quiet.  She then produced a pair of handcuffs and
cuffed my arm to the table.  Again she ordered me to keep quiet and be still. 
She left the room.  Moloko went into the room with the one-way glass and met a
slender redheaded woman dressed in a tee shirt and jeans.  "Tara do you think
that's him"?  "I hope so or we could get into a lot of trouble.  He's a lot
bigger then I pictured.  Do you think you can handle him"? "Look at him squirm
in there, its making me kind of hot already.  Thanks Tara for this opportunity. 
Let the show begin."  Moloko went back to start the show.  From behind the
mirror Tara too was becoming hot.  She was going to get to see a kidnapping take
place.

	Moloko entered the interrogation room once more with a stern look fixed
to her face.  She was carrying a black gym bag and a police baton.  "Bob, you
entered the wrong airport at the wrong time."  I opened my mouth to protest my
treatment and my innocence but was cut off before uttering a sound.  "Don't you
dare say a word!  You will speak only when I ask you to do so.  Nod your head if
this is understood."  I nodded in shock.  "Good then lets proceed with searching
you.  If you fail to cooperate with me, I can make it very tough on you", she
said coldly as she slapped the baton into the palm of her hand.  "Stand"!  As I
stood she walked behind me.  "Free hand behind your head, now", she barked.  "If
you screw with me you will be sorry", the baton slapped the back of my thigh
causing mild pain.  A second pair of cuffs was attached to my free hand.  She
then pulled out the chair I had been sitting in and attached the cuff to the
front rung below the seat of the chair.  This had me stretched in an awkward
way.  She released the cuff from the table and attached that cuff to the chair
rung too.  She had me bent over the back of the chair with my wrists attached to
the front of the chair.  This left my ass in a very prominent position.  It was
also extremely uncomfortable for me.  Moloko could smell her own muskiness
rising as she was getting hotter and hotter.  Moloko pulled a ball gag from her
bag and forced it between my lips.  She strapped it tightly around my head, the
straps cutting into my fleshy cheeks.  She pulled my shirttails from my pants
and pulled the shirt over my head and shoulders as far as it would go.  I could
not see anything.  She lightly ran her nails over my exposed back, her fingers
trailing to the top of my pants.

	The day before I left for Holland Tara instant messaged me.  She ordered
me to wear a pair of woman's silky pink panties on my plane ride.  I finally
relented and agreed to do this.  I thought it was unusual for her to request or
should I say command me to wear the panties.  We really did not have that kind
of relationship. She must have picked up on the turn on it was for me to be
ordered to dress in woman's under things.  Not that I am into cross-dressing, I
feel ridiculous in such things.  Although Tara knew deep down it would turn me
on, she had an ulterior motive.  That motive was going to be revealed as Moloko
loosened my belt and unbuttoned my pants.  She pulled them down and the pink
panties were revealed.  I felt my face turn red as I heard Moloko chuckle.  I
did not hear the collective sigh of relief both Moloko and Tara released when
they saw the panties.  It was only then they were 100% sure I was their man. 
The sight of these panties also made Tara very wet with excitement.  Its not
that she enjoys seeing men in panties but she was amazed by the power she had on
a guy that was half a world away.  This feeling of power was very hot for her.

	Moloko slapped my pink pantied butt with her hand, "what are you some
sort of sissy boy", she laughed.  I shook my head no but realized she really
didn't care and could not see my head.  She peeled the panties off my ass
revealing my very shriveled manhood.  I was very scared and the room was chilly. 
I heard the distinctive sound of rubber snapping on flesh as Moloko put latex
gloves on her hands.  "Time for the cavity search", she announced.  My sphincter
clenched.  Oh no I though, she won't do this to me.  But then I felt the cool
touch of her hands on my ass.  Slowly they made their way to my rosebud.  My
feet started to dance around in protest.  Her hand slapped my ass harder then it
had ever been hit before; if I could see my ass at that moment I would have seen
a perfect red imprint of her hand.  "Stop moving around", she screamed at me as
her hand found its mark again.  I froze, this is real I thought.  I'm in deep
shit.

	One gloved finger circled like a vulture around my backdoor and then
proceeded to knock on it.  I clenched as hard as I could but her finger kept
going deeper.  I have been penetrated many times anally, I like it actually, but
I was feeling violated.  I also stopped fighting it and tried to relax so it
would not be as painful.  Her finger went deeper still as I felt another finger
slipping in.  To my surprise and horror my cock started to betray me and began
to stiffen.  Moloko noticed at once. "You really are a sissy boy", she chuckled. 
Again my face turned a bright red.  Her probing continued with a third finger
inserted.  Her free hand started stroking my fully erected cock as a finger
found my prostate.  It did not take long for me to shoot my load.  Moloko
squealed in delight.  "You have messed your pretty pink panties, you dirty sissy
boy".  She withdrew her fingers from my ass.  "Eewww, you are messy in there
too.  We are going to have to clean you out before we probe any deeper".

	Moloko uncuffed my hands from the chair and to my relief stood me up. 
My hands were cuffed behind my back as I stood in the room with my pants around
my ankles, pink cum-soaked panties hanging from my knees, my cock now shriveled
still dripping cum, my shirt all rumpled and a ball gag shoved into my mouth.  I
was certainly a sight to behold as I looked at my self in the mirror.  Again my
faced turned red with shame as I looked at myself.  Moloko roughly shoved me
into the mirror, the side of my face smashed flat against it.  Little did I know
Tara was inches from that face enjoying the show.  Moloko held a knife to my
throat and threatened to carve her initials in me if I gave her any trouble. 
She trailed the knife down the side of my body until she reached my knee.  With
one quick stroke from the sharp knife she cut my panties off.  She bent down and
picked them up.  I then felt her hot breath in my ear.  "Do not utter a sound,
I'm going to remove your gag for a moment and you better obey me", she
whispered.  The ball gag came out.  "Open wide, Bob, I want you to clean my
trophy".  I hesitated for a moment and I felt the knife increase in pressure at
the small of my back.  My mouth opened wide and she quickly shoved the panties
in to it.  "Suck on them boy, I want them good and clean".  I could taste my own
cum for the very first time.  Moloko then strapped the ball gag back in place
and my mouth was packed tight.  I've been panty gag before but with a woman's
panty, but these panties were a lot larger since they were mine.

	With the police baton, Moloko hit me hard in the back of my knees
collapsing me to a kneeling position.  "You will learn to worship me".  Moloko
hiked up her skirt revealing that she wore black stockings held up with a black
garter belt and jade green panties.  I noticed that the panties had a very large
wet spot on them.  She grabbed the back of my head by my hair and pulled my face
into the wet panties.  Her very strong musky scent filled my nostrils.  She
rubbed her mound up and down over the ball gag and my nose.  She held me very
tight and started humping my face.  I could not breath and tried yelling into my
gag.  Behind the glass Tara's fingers found her own clit.  She was too turned on
by this whole scene.  Moloko's thrust grew stronger and faster.  Just as I felt
I was going to die she exploded in orgasm.  Flooding my nostrils with her
juices.  Tara too bought herself to a satisfying climax.  Moloko released her
grip on me and I started sucking gallons of air through my nose.  Some of her
juice went down the back of my throat and I could taste her.  "Time to pack you
up for your trip; then we will have some real fun".  Tara was amazed by how
deliciously evil her friend could be and was happy she was able to give this
experience to her.

	Moloko produced what looked like a black leather bootlace from her gym
bag.  She roughly helped me to my feet and I was once more pressed into the
mirror.  Again I felt her hot breath on my ear.  "I hope that tongue of yours is
as good as your nose, you wouldn't want to disappoint me now would you?"  She
hissed in my ear.  With the bootlace in hand she knelt down between my legs. 
With my pants around my ankles and my hands cuffed behind my back, I was too
afraid to move for fear of reprisal.  I felt Moloko tug gently at my balls as
she proceeded to wrap them with the bootlace. I felt her wrap around the top of
my sack, then around each ball.  The wrapping grew tighter and tighter as it
went on.  Both of my balls felt as though they would burst from the sack like
marbles through wet tissue paper.  I was in extreme discomfort when she was
finished.  Tara was behind the glass, pressed up against it straining to see
what Moloko was doing with the bootlace.  She was angry that she could not see. 
"Don't move," Moloko ordered as she went back to her bag.  She pulled out a slim
chrome metal tube with a key protruding from the side of it.  She bought it up
so I had a better look, "do you know what this is," she purred?  "This will
remind you that you are here for my pleasure, not yours."  She turned the key
and the tube opened lengthwise revealing row upon row of pin sharp teeth.  "This
is a Kali teeth bracelet or better known as a KTB."  Fear leapt from my eyes, I
knew what a KTB was.  "Oh good I see you know what it is for."  She grasped and
pulled my penis with one hand and bought the KTB up under it like a bun for a
hotdog.  Looking down I watched as she closed the KTB around my cock.  I
flinched as I heard the catch lock into place expecting pain.  To my relief none
came and I remembered none would as long as I did not get erect.  I knew I would
be feeling the fury of the KTB soon enough.  I knew my body would betray me. 
Behind the glass Tara grew weak in the knees; she loved CBT (cock and ball
torture).  Seeing it instead of reading about it was almost too much for her to
stand.  She loved the color purple my balls had turned and could hardly wait to
see me get sexually aroused so the KTB would be put to work.

	  Moloko pulled up and refastened my pants while tucking in my shirt. 
She then produced some long black silk scarves from her bag.  Tara had told her
about my love of scarf bondage.  One scarf was tied tightly around my ankles. 
The next scarf was tied securely around my knees.  The third and final scarf was
used to tie my elbows together.  She pulled a plain black leather dog collar and
black leather leash from her bag and attached the collar around my neck.  The
collar had a dog tag hanging from it.  Before fastening it to my neck she showed
me what the tag said.  It read MOLOKO'S.  She the hooked the leash to the collar
and pulled it between my legs.  With the loose ends of the scarf around my
elbows she tied the leash in place.  The leash dug into my already painful
balls.  The last thing I saw her pull from her bag was a half leather hood.  She
squeezed it over my head and pulled it down over my ears and nose.  I love the
smell of leather and that smell mixed with Moloko's musky scent was very
intoxicating to me.  Once she had the eyeholes lined up properly so I could see,
she pulled a flap of leather down over my eyes that secured to snaps on the
mask.  "Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back," she laughed as I heard her leave
the room.

	Moloko entered the room that Tara was in.  Moloko looked at her friend
with a little concern.  "Are you Ok?"  "I'll be fine, this is just too much
excitement for me."  "I know what you mean Tara it is all I can do to keep it
together.  This is some rush though and it's only just beginning."  "Moloko lets
get the cart and get him to your place quickly; I'm dieing to start the fun."

	Stashed in a custodial closet Moloko had a large laundry basket on
wheels that she borrowed from a friend at a nearby hotel.  Tara and Moloko
wheeled it into the room Bob was in.  They wheeled it right up against his
thighs.  For the very first time Tara touched her cyber friend and she felt a
small spark of excitement pass through her fingers.  With all her might she
pushed on his chest and he flipped over into the basket.  Moloko threw sheets
over him so he was hidden.  Moloko said, "be quiet and don't move and you will
be safe."  They started pushing the cart.  It was heavy for them and it was all
they could do to steer it.  They entered a loading dock where Moloko had a small
truck waiting.  They pushed the cart off the dock and into the truck.  The truck
was a rental that at first she did not like paying for, but now she thought it
was a good deal.  Tara stayed in back of the truck to make sure Bob would be
safe.  Moloko got behind the wheel of the truck and drove it out of the loading
dock.  A little further along she came to a guard stationed at the entrance to
the service road.  Moloko rolled down her window as she pulled up into the
guardhouse.  The guard inside smiled in recognition.  She was a middle-aged
woman with long blonde hair and perky breasts.  "Did you pick your package up
alright Moloko?"  "Oh yes we did.  Don't forget the party starts at eight
tonight."  "You couldn't keep me away.  How many are you expecting?  Will we all
get our shot?"  "Don't worry everyone will get a turn.  And who knows maybe
we'll have a send off party for him too."  "Oh my Moloko you are so bad.  I hope
we don't kill him."  The guard raised the gate and Moloko drove to her house.

	Moloko backed the truck into her driveway.  The space was narrow and
hard to maneuver due to the closeness of the adjoining houses.  Tara opened the
back of the truck as Moloko came around to the back.  Wordlessly the two women
worked at positioning a metal ramp between the truck and a side door of the
house.  The ramp was at a sever angle but Moloko thought they could get the cart
into the house.  Since the angle was so tight they could not push the cart
directly on to the ramp.  They had to try to jump the rail on the ramp to get
the cart fully on the ramp.  My weight was making this very difficult for them
to do this.  The two women struggled with the cart.  Just as they were about to
give up they managed to jump the rail.  The momentum of that final push sent the
cart rocketing down the ramp.  At the bottom of the ramp the threshold of the
door was slightly higher then the end of the ramp.  When the cart hit the
threshold at a high speed, it flipped the cart over throwing the sheets and me
across the kitchen floor.  Tara and Moloko screamed as they watched the cart
flip.  They ran into the house and were checking me out for injuries.  It was
only then that I knew there were two women involved.  As I listened to them
speak quickly back and forth to each other in Dutch.  The ball gag was removed
and the now compacted saliva soaked panties removed from my mouth.  "Bob, are
you alright," Moloko asked?  I knew I was going to have some bruises but I
thought I was Ok.  I tried to speak but my jaw ached from the gag; I ended up
just nodding yes.  "Bob, I'm going to leave the gag out but you are not to
speak, if you do I have a bigger gag to put on you.  Do you understand me?"  I
again nodded yes.  "Good, then lets get you ready for your big welcome party." 
'Welcome party', I thought, what is she talking about?

	Moloko untied my ankles and knees and untied the leash.  She then opened
my pants and pulled them off.  I felt her cool hand rubbing my sensitive balls. 
"Woo, what a pretty color they are." I was wondering who the other woman was and
where she was.  Moloko roughly helped me to my feet by pulling on one arm and
yanking on the leash.  She then guided me to her bathroom.  Tara's husband had
installed several hooks in Moloko's shower at his wife's request.  Moloko now
tied a clothesline to a lower hook in the rear of the shower.  The other end she
tied tightly around the base of my nuts.  She guided me into the shower and then
placed a foot on the clothesline making it taunt.  "I need to take your
handcuffs off for a moment.  If you give me any trouble I may lose my balance
forcing all my weight on the rope currently around your balls.  If that happens
it will rip your balls out by the roots."  I nodded I understood and prayed that
her balance was good.  The cuff was removed from one wrist and my shirt was
fully removed.  My hands were re-cuffed in front.  "Put your arms above your
head.  Higher!  Get on your tip-toes!"  She hooked the small chain between the
cuffs to a swivel hook in the ceiling.  It was all I could do to keep my
balance.  The rope was untied from my balls.  "Don't you go anywhere Bob, I'll
be right back to clean all that travel filth off of you," she said playfully.

	Moloko came back and joined me in the shower.  She hugged me from behind
and reached around to give my nipples a playful pinch.  I swore I could feel
bare breasts rubbing on my bare back.  Moloko moved her breasts up and down my
back and then quickly spun me around to face her.  With a giggle she unsnapped
the blindfold.  I blinked several times to adjust to the light and finally a
nude Moloko came into view.  She had very nice breasts, not too small but not
too big.  Her nipples were very large and erect.  "Do you like what you see?"  I
nodded slowly yes as I took in the rest of her.  She laughed at my response. 
She had a very hairy dark bush, plus I noticed hair peeking out from her
armpits, something not very common in the States. "I'm sure you are filled with
a lot of questions, but I do not feel the need to listen to them.  Lets just say
you are a very lucky man to be chosen to be my slave for the next few days.  I
am having a few friends over tonight and you will be the main source of
entertainment.  If you fail to please them you will be punished strongly for the
next few days."  Without thinking I spoke, "you don't understand, I have an
important meeting to attend.  If I'm missing they'll be looking for..." Slap!  A
shower brush that was hanging from the wall was planted on the side of my ass. 
Slap!  Slap!  Slap!  "Owwwww," I howled.  "I did not give you permission to
speak, you sissy boy!"  Slap!  Slap! Slap!  My ass was on fire.  Tears rolled
down my cheeks as to assault continued.  Moloko's face was red and twisted in
rage.  Finally she stopped my ass was bright red and on fire.  "Bob, I want your
stay to be nice but you need to follow my rules.  Bad sissy boys get punished,"
she said in a very sweet voice.

	Moloko turned the water on in the shower and the cold water hit me right
on my inflamed ass.  I hissed at the shock of the water.  Soon it turned warm
and Moloko started to soap us both up.  She was running her hands all over her
breasts and then running her soapy breasts over me.  Despite everything that has
happened to me I started to get aroused.  Shock hit my face as my erection
built.  I tried to stop it but was powerless.  Soon the needles were digging
into my sensitive flesh around my cock.  Moloko knew exactly what she was doing
and Tara had a great view through the one-way mirror that was recently
installed. They both admired the work of the KTB.  I was in agony and trying to
lessen my erection.  Moloko kept up her erotic soapy shower and my cock despite
the torture the KTB was doing to it failed to obey my commands.  "Please stop,
please," I begged.  Too late I thought as Moloko reached for the brush again and
assaulted my backside once more.  "Are all sissy boys as dumb as you are? How
many times must you be told the rules!?"  I howled in pain again.  "I was giving
you a treat of my body and you break the rules!  How could you, sissy boy?  All
right you don't want to get clean the nice way; we'll do it the hard way. 
Either is fine with me."  Moloko soaped up the bath brush and proceeded to scrub
my balls with it.  Again I howled in pain as the stiff bristles scraped my
purple balls.  "You don't like it this way either?  Too bad we are out of
choices."  She scrubbed every inch of my body with that brush.  It was the
longest shower I had ever taken.

	Moloko replaced the leather hood that came off during my cleaning.  She
figured the wet hood would be ruined by the time her fun was over but it was
well worth the money.  She slipped the blindfold down and I was in darkness once
more.  I was left hanging wet in the shower as I heard Moloko exit the room.  I
shivered from the cold.  Silently Tara crept into the bathroom carrying a wooden
paint stirrer and a ball gag.  I never knew someone else was in the bathroom
until the paint stirrer slapped my nuts.  As my mouth opened to utter a scream
of pain Tara shoved the gag into my mouth.  It was strapped tightly around my
head.  From behind me she reached around to the front of my hairy chest and
rakes her sharp nails over my nipples and down my stomach.  She then grabbed my
butt cheeks and sunk her nails into my soft flesh.  I tried but failed to dance
away from those nails.  With paint stirrer in hand she struck me with it on my
butt, thighs, stomach and chest.  She then concentrated on my inner thighs, cock
and balls.  She realized that the blows to my cock were ineffective due to the
KTB so she doubled the blows to my abused balls.  During this assault I realized
this was not Moloko, it must be the other woman I heard earlier.  Her sweet
smelling perfume gave her away.  Moloko entered the bathroom once more and gave
Tara silently disapproving look.  Tara smiled and shrugged as if to say she
could not help herself.  She knew Bob was not into CBT but she didn't care; she
was and he was here for her pleasure.  She gave Bob's nuts one more smack and
slinked out of the room.  Tara took her seat behind the one-way glass and felt
very fresh and alive.

	Moloko unhooked the cuffs from the swivel hook in the ceiling.  My
shoulders were very happy that she did this.  Moloko then commanded me to kneel
in the tub.  The cold hard porcelain hurt my knees; I guess I'm not as young as
I used to be.  She grabbed hold of my cuffed wrists and attached the chain to
another hook in the rear wall.  I could hear Moloko fumbling around with
something and wondered what I was in store for next.  What Moloko was doing was
preparing an enema bag.  She placed a mild rose scented soap in first and then
filled the bag with warm water.  She hung the bag from the showerhead and made
sure the fill tube would reach my anus.  I then felt her lubricated fingers
grease my backdoor.  Lucky for me she did not spend a lot of time doing that; my
cock was still feeling like a pincushion from the KTB.  She then slowly inserted
the nozzle into my butt.  "Its time for that cleaning out I promised you earlier
sissy boy."  She opened the valve and the water began to flow in to me.  I was
able to put two and two together and realized I was on the receiving end of an
enema.  I moaned as the pressure started to increase in my belly.  This was the
first enema I had ever gotten.  Soon the bag was emptied and she commanded me to
hold it while she removed the nozzle.  She quickly shoved a very large butt-plug
in to act as a stopper.  Even if I wanted to I could not relieve myself.  Moloko
then left me there.  My knees were aching and I felt my insides start to cramp
up.  I started to shake after awhile as sweat started pouring out from me.  Just
when I thought I couldn't hold out any longer Moloko showed back up and released
the cuffs from the wall.  She aided me in standing though I could not stand
straight due to the cramping going on in my body.  She backed me to the toilet
and reached for the plug.  "Do not release until you are seated, you will be
punished for any mess you make."  She yanked the plug out as she pushed me down
on the toilet.  It took all my will to delay the expulsion for just that second. 
As soon as my butt hit the toilet my insides exploded out.  It felt so good but
the smell was awful and overwhelming.  I thought I was going to vomit.  I heard
Moloko retch at the smell too as the exhaust fan came to life.  Once I was
emptied and we recovered from the odor, Moloko started the whole process over
again.  This time when I emptied out there was the smell of roses.  I was rinsed
off in the shower and then patted dry with a towel.  The leash was attached to
my collar and Moloko lead me from the room.  She had a very big smile on and
pride in her eyes.  She thought to herself this is what I was made for, leading
a man around by a leash.

	Moloko led Bob to a bed.  She pushed him down on it and the softness
felt good to him.  Moloko climbed up on top of Bob and straddled his chest.  I
could tell she was wearing jeans.  She got busy attaching leather cuffs to each
of his wrists and then spun around on his chest and inched herself down to
attach cuffs to his ankles too.  She then secured each ankle to a bedpost.  Bob
heard the distinctive sound of a folding knife locking into place.  Cold steel
rested against his chin.  The steel cuffs were unlocked from his wrists, but the
knife warned him about trying anything.  The leather cuffs were secured to
bedposts and Bob was tied in a full spread eagle on the bed.  Moloko whispered
in his ear, "rest my little sissy boy you are going to need it."  Moloko got off
the bed and left the room.  Bob was exhausted he thought this ordeal had lasted
days not hours.  As he was drifting off to sleep he felt the bed shift as if
Moloko had gotten back on the bed.  It was Tara that had crept into the bedroom. 
She gently gave a light squeeze to his balls.  A soft moan escaped the ball gag. 
Tara started untying the leather bootstrap from his balls.  Bob started pulling
against his restraints as the pain from blood rushing back into his balls
increased.  Soon the pain decreased as Tara gently massaged his balls.  The
massage grew more pleasant and soon Bob felt himself becoming erect again.  Tara
let a little laugh escape her lips as she watched Bob's discomfort grow along
with his cock.  Once he was as hard as he could get with the KTB in place, Tara
unlocked the KTB and Bob's cock sprang to full length.  Tara marveled at all the
tiny pinprick marks that peppered his manhood.  She got up off the bed and left
the room.  Bob was asleep moments later.

	A few hours later 6 women had gathered in Moloko's house.  Bob was still
sound asleep as Tara and Moloko prepared for their friends.  The six women
shared a common interest in femdom activities.  Another thing they had in common
is that they all had read and enjoyed the stories Bob had written and sent to
Tara.  You could say they were Bob's Dutch fan club.

	It was decided that Molly would start things off.  Molly was the short
blonde security guard who waved Moloko's truck through earlier at the airport. 
All the women gathered quietly around the bed.  Tara, knowing Bob's fetish for
silk scarves started softly stroking his flaccid cock with one.  Soon he was
fully erect which drew a few giggles from the women.  Slowly Molly put a condom
on the erection.  She then softly straddled Bob, easing herself down on his
cock.  She motioned for her little purse, which Moloko handed to her.  She
withdrew a set of nipple clamps and opened them around each of Bob's nipples. 
She let the clamps close around each nipple and Bob was instantly awakened to a
sharp searing pain.  He had no idea where he was.  He could not see, his arms
and legs would not move and the scream he tried to release was trapped behind a
gag.  He soon remembered he was bound spread eagle to Moloko's bed.  There was a
weight on his groin area and realized he was being fucked.  He heard laughter of
several women around him as they watched Molly ride him.  Molly was living her
fantasy of fucking a guy against his will.  She held the thin chain that was
attached to the nipple clips and gave it a tug.  It was such a rush for her to
hear Bob's muffled screams knowing she was the cause.  She increased her
pounding and despite his pain and his situation, Bob's body responded in typical
male fashion and met her downward thrusts with upward thrusts of his own.  All
the women were enjoying the show and shouted encouragement to Molly.  All too
soon Molly felt Bob shoot his load.  This made Molly increase her tempo even
more.  Bob was screaming for her to stop but of course the gag stopped anyone
from understanding him.  Sweat broke out on both Molly and Bob as her fucking
reached a fever pitch.  A low guttural sound of pleasure started escaping Molly. 
As she climaxed she ripped the clips off of Bob's nipples and sank her teeth
around one as she continued to grind her pussy into him.  She let out a scream
and collapsed on to Bob.  Everyone broke into applause.

	Two of the other women helped Molly off of Bob.  Moloko then mounted Bob
and once more her hot breath was in his ear.  "That, Bob, was only the beginning
of a very long night we have planned for you.  Consider this a 'welcome to the
Netherlands' party for you.  You will please my guests.  Do not disappoint me or
it will be one long nightmare of a visit for you.  We are going to untie you
from the bed and your gag will be removed.  Do not speak unless you are asked
to.  Do not struggle; there are six women here and you can't fight us all." The
bonds holding his wrists and ankles were all being loosened at once.  Moloko
removed his gag and then using the leash still attached to his collar she pulled
his mouth into her awaiting mouth.  Her tongue probed deep and long as she got
cheers from the rest of the women.  Still holding onto the leash she pulled Bob
until he was sitting in an upright position.  Another woman bought a glass of
water to Bob's lips and commanded him to drink.  He drank long and hard. 
"Good", this new woman said, "you are going to need your strength."  All the
women laughed in agreement.

	Still blind folded, Bob was led off the bed by his leash.  As he
stumbled forward he could sense the women around him.  Every now and then a hand
would reach out and touch him.  Whispers in Dutch mixed with laughter were all
around him.  A hand halted his forward motion.  "Kneel", came the command from
Moloko.  Hands at his back pushed his torso forward over something hard and
cold.  He put out his hands to break his fall but both arms were grabbed and
pulled forward and down.  He found himself bent over something wooden, a coffee
table maybe.  His wrists were lashed to table legs as well as his knees. His
head and neck hung over one end of the table as well as everything below his
waist at the other end of the table.  The table Bob was tied to was slid
forward.  Bob could feel a person's body heat and the unmistakable musky smell
of a very excited woman.  Finger tips probed Bob thick salt and pepper curly
hair.  The fingers in his hair turned to fists as two handfuls of his hair were
grabbed and his face pulled into a very wet and warm pussy.  "Pleasure me", came
the simple order from the woman who had Bob between her legs.  Bob hesitated and
got his hair pulled tighter until his tongue, lips and teeth went to work.  He
also recognized the hint of a familiar perfume on this woman.  This was the
woman who has been with Moloko since the start of his ordeal.  Little did Bob
know the woman he was pleasuring was his cyber friend Tara.

	Tara has had oral sex many times before this day.  She enjoyed it most
when she was dominating her husband.  There was nothing spectacular about Bob's
technique, although he was more then adequate.  But this was by far the best
head she ever got.  Just the feeling of power she held over her victim pushed
her to the edge.

	Tara watched as Jean, a very petite Asian woman was adjusting a strap-on
to her hips.  Jean thrust the large black dildo forward a few times to test it. 
Laughter broke out as she masturbated her new member.  She coated the dildo with
lube and then stepped to Bob's rear.  She gave Bob's ass a few hard smacks with
her bare hands causing him to jump and for Tara to order him to keep his mind on
pleasuring her.  Jean inserted a well-lubed finger into Bob's backdoor.  Bob was
having a hard time concentrating on his task.  Jean nuzzled the head of her
dildo up against Bob's rosebud.  Jean held it there for a few seconds and then
plunged it into him. Bob screamed into Tara's pussy.  It was a sensation she
never felt before; it was great.  Once the dildo was in all the way Jean flicked
on a switch that was hooked onto the side of her strap-on.  It operated a silver
bullet vibrator she had inserted into herself earlier.  She felt the pleasurable
vibrations it produced.  Bob also felt these vibrations deep within himself too. 
Again Tara shouted at Bob to keep his mind on his job.  Jean started slowly
fucking Bob.

	Bob's mind was reeling.  He was living his biggest fantasy.  He had
always dreamed of orally pleasuring one woman while getting fucked in the ass by
another.  It was very hard for him to focus on the woman he was stimulating with
his tongue and she repeatedly reminded him of his task by pulling on his hair. 
Despite just shooting his load a little while ago, Bob felt that he was rock
hard again.  This new situation did not go unnoticed by the women spectators. 
One of them crawled under the coffee table and attached a very tight cock ring
to Bob's swollen member.  They wanted to make sure Bob didn't cum until they
wanted him to.

	Jean had seen a porno movie a few years back where a woman used a
strap-on with a guy.  It had really turned her on but she had always been afraid
to approach the subject with any of her boy friends.  Now she realized all of
her future boy friends will be bend-over boy friends.  Jean increased her
thrusts as she was reaching her peak.  Tara seeing Jean in pure ecstasy ordered
Bob to increase his licking.  Jean let out a scream and thrust the dildo to its
hilt.  Bob screamed at the force behind Jean's final thrust.  Bob's scream sent
Tara over the edge.  The other four women stood there opened mouth as they
watched their friends explode with pleasure.  It was a sight to behold.  Tara's
legs clamped onto Bob's head as Jean laid on top of Bob's back and dug her nails
into his shoulders.  As they both were coming down from the experience the other
women helped them to their wobbly feet.  Bob was left panting on the coffee
table frustrated from his lack of release.  With the dildo remove he felt cold
and empty.

	"That was some show you put on", it was Moloko speaking to Bob.  "You
truly are a sissy boy aren't you"?  "Nooo....", Bob was interrupted.  "How dare
you speak!  Are you that stupid that you can't remember our simple rules?! You
will be punished for this.  You have embarrassed me in front of my friends."  Bo
started to protest again but caught himself before sound escaped him.  "I got
just the thing for a sissy boy who can't shut up."  Moloko shoved a large fat
penis gag into Bob's mouth and buckled it tightly in the back of his head.  Bob
could feel the rubber tasting head of a penis in his mouth.  He was very
humiliated.  Moloko and a girl named Nadia untied Bob's legs from the table. 
Nadia was tall and large built.  She had very long black hair that had neon blue
streaks running through it.  She was dressed in nothing but a black leather
jacket with a lot of metal zippers.  Moloko and Nadia started working a pair of
black pantyhose onto Bob's legs.  "Now you will look like the sissy boy you
are", Moloko said.  With the pantyhose on it made Bob's skin tingle and his face
turn redder with humiliation.  Nadia produced a knife from one of the zippered
pockets of her jacket and thumbed it open.  A few of the women gasped at the
sight of the blade.  They knew Nadia had a mean streak and wondered what she was
going to do with the knife.  "Hold very still sissy boy, I don't want Nadia
cutting off anything important", Moloko chuckled.  Nadia plunged the blade into
the thin material of the pantyhose.  The point of the cold steel blade came to
rest at Bob's backdoor.  Bob flinched at the touch.  "Hold still sissy boy or
you'll have a new ass hole ripped for you."  A bead of sweat ran down the side
of Bob's face.  Nadia grabbed hold of Bob's still rock hard cock and rested the
sharp end of the blade on it through the pantyhose.  Bob held his breath in fear
as well as some of the women.  Nadia plunged the knife and several of the women
jumped.  The blade tore a hole in the fabric and Nadia reached through this hole
and pulled Bob's cock and balls through.  "There all done", Moloko said.  "Now
sissy boy is dressed appropriately but all the important parts are accessible."

	"Its punishment time sissy boy and Nadia here will be administering it
to you."  Nadia had a big wide grin on her face.  She truly loved to cause males
pain.  In her hand she held a big wooden paddle that had the word SMACK carved
into it.  She straddled the coffee table and Bob and swung the paddle in a high
long arc.  Slap!  Bob's world exploded in pain behind his blindfold.  Slap!  His
ass was on fire as he screamed into his gag.  Slap!  Tears were rolling out from
under the blindfold.  Slap!  Bob's body shook with the force of the blow.  As
the paddle was coming down again she yelled in Dutch to stop the punishment. 
She didn't want to see Bob hurt.  He wasn't here to torture, at least not like
this. Nadia was not happy but she already had gotten a rush from using the
paddle.  Nadia demanded that she get to fuck the sissy boy next.  All the women
agreed.  Moloko knelt down next to Bob and whispered in his ear as he sobbed
behind the gag.  In a soft motherly voice she said, "I don't want to see you
punished any more Bob. If I remove your gag will you be a good sissy boy?"  Bob
nodded his head yes.

	As the gag was being removed, Nadia was fastening a bright red dildo
about her hips that had many ribs on it.  Natasha, the sixth girl in the group,
sat down in the chair Tara had occupied. Natasha was young with brown curly hair
that looked like a librarian or a kindergarten teacher.  Bob and the coffee
table were pulled forward and Natasha gently placed her hands on Bob's head. 
Here we go again Bob thought.  Bob could smell the familiar musk smell but the
hand on his head made no attempt to plunge his face into the waiting pussy. 
Nadia was lubing up her dildo and ready to plunge in.  A quiet voice whispered
to him, "eat me, please."  The hand on his head never added pressure to force
him down but he felt complied to follow what almost seemed like a desperate
requests.  As his tongue found its mark he heard a sharp in take of breath,
followed by a sigh of pleasure.  Nadia, not being one to beat around the bush
plunged her dildo in with one heavy thrust.  An 'oh' escaped Bob's mouth as he
felt slight pressure added to the hands on his head, a gentle reminder to remain
quiet.  Nadia's thrusts increased in speed and her ribbed dildo created a new
sensation in Bob's ass.  At first it was very painful but as time went on and
Nadia's heavy thrust increased it became more pleasure then pain.  Bob thought
if they hadn't tightened that cock ring around him he would have exploded
without ever being touched.  Nadia felt Bob trying to meet her thrusts and that
really turned her on.  So did the heat coming from his ass that she caused with
her paddle.  Bob felt his head being moved slightly to direct him in the right
direction.  Natasha's clit was very hard and Bob gently clamped his teeth around
it.  Natasha literally exploded with pleasure and a scream.  Bob face was
sprayed with Natasha's ejaculate.  He thought at first she was peeing on him. 
He never knew a woman could do that.  Natasha's hands gripped his head as she
ground her pussy into his face, screaming in a newfound pleasure.  Nadia soon
reached her own orgasm and humped Bob for all he was worth.*

	Natasha was helped to her feet, her face was beet red but smiling. 
Nadia unbuckled her strap-on and left it impaled in Bob's ass.  Bob was left
exhausted and tied to the table as he could hear the women engaged in talk
amongst themselves.  Most of the talk was in Dutch but every now and then he
heard his name or words like 'strap-on' and 'dildo' in the conservation.  Soon
he felt activity around him as he was being untied from the table.  Someone
pulled the dildo out of his ass and made some sort of joke that made the rest of
the women laugh.  Bob was pulled roughly by his leash to a standing position and
led to the bathroom where he was washed down in the shower by a few of the
women.  They took delight in pinching all over as they cleaned him.  It amused
them when he jumped at the pain.  After he was dried off he was given some sort
of fruit punch to drink.  He didn't realize how thirsty he was until he started
to drink.  Bob was led back into the room with the table and told to sit.  Bob
felt around but could not find a chair.  "Sit!"  The command was much more
forceful and Bob sat straight down on the carpeted floor.  It was very painful
on his bruised ass to sit.

	Bob was seated facing Jean and Molly.  Jean put one of her feet into
Bob's face and said, "make love to my foot", her big toe touching his nose.  Bob
was unsure what to do and his hesitation cost him as Molly hit him with a riding
crop.  "Get sucking, pig", Jean ordered.  Bob opened his mouth and Jean slid
half her foot in so that Bob nearly gagged.  He backed off a little and started
licking between her toes.  "Oh, now that's much better slave", Jean said with a
smile.  For the rest of the night Bob was passed from woman to woman.  He sucked
toes and feet, breasts and pussy for what seemed to be endless hours.  The women
started to leave as the night was turning into morning.  As they left they each
gave Bob a deep tongue filled kiss and stroked his still rock hard cock.  A few
of the women gave him several smacks on his ass.  Nadia delighted the most in
doing this.  All the women told Moloko and Tara how grateful they were to them
for allowing them to live out their fantasies.

	Soon Bob was alone with Tara and Moloko.  Moloko asked Tara why she did
not use a strap-on on Bob.  Tara said she wanted to wait till now to make it
more special.  She asked Moloko to take Bob to the bed.

	Bob was happy to be once more lying in the soft bed.  He thought at
least for now his ordeal was over with.  He of course was wrong again.  Leather
cuffs were strapped to his wrists and ankles once more.  When he felt the ropes
being passed through the wrist cuff he expected his arms to be pulled to the
upper corners of the bed or up over his head, but instead his arms were pulled
down his sides and tied off at the foot of the bed. Bob found this very strange
being tied in this way.  He figured he just had to move down closer to the foot
of the bed and he could get plenty of play in the ropes to untie himself.  This
idea faded quickly as ropes were passed through the ankle cuffs and then through
pulleys at the corner of the headboard.  His legs were slowly pulled up and over
his head toward the corners of the headboard.  Bob thought his body was going to
be ripped down the middle.  As his legs reached as far as they could go the
women admired their handy work and marveled at how exposed Bob's ass was to
them.

	Tara fumbled with her new never before used strap-on harness.  Strap-on
sex has always intrigued her but her husband was hesitant to try it, even though
he liked to be probed anally by her.  She saw this as a great opportunity to try
this out and if she liked it her husband would learn to like it because there
will be no turning back.  She attached a very slim neon pink dildo to the black
leather harness.  The dildo had a sharp upward curve to it that Tara thought
would really drive a man's prostrate crazy.  She ran her fingers up and down her
new shaft.  She looked at herself in the mirror and was expecting to look
ridiculous but instead she found herself very sexy and turned on as she watched
herself give a few experimental thrusts.

	Tara climbed on to the bed and kneeled in front of Bob's presented ass. 
She rubbed her hands gently over his ass and thighs smiling.  Moloko handed her
a tube of lube.  She slowly and erotically lubed up Bob and used the excess to
rub up and down his still erect shaft.  Moloko climbed on the bed and sat her
ass down on Bob's face and watched Tara start to penetrate his ass.  Tara slowly
sunk the dildo to its hilt and just as slowly pulled it back out.  Each thrust
increase in speed, just a little bit.  She was going to take her time to enjoy
this moment.  Moloko had positioned Bob's nose so that it was knocking on her
backdoor.  She slowly rocked back and forth on his face.  Tara looked flush and
she was starting to break a sweat.  God she was enjoying the thrill.  Moloko
turned around and grabbed hold of the headboard and started grinding her pussy
into Bob's face.  When Bob didn't put his tongue to work, Moloko grabbed his
hair and pulled.  Bob got the message and started pleasuring Moloko.  Tara
started really pounding Bob's ass.  Both Bob and Tara were finding her fucking
very pleasurable.  Tara reached for and then un-snapped the cock ring that had
kept Bob hard the past couple of hours.  Moloko started bouncing up and down on
Bob's face as her climax hit.  She then clamped down on his face as she rode her
orgasm to completion.  Bob could barely breath but he didn't seem to care as
Tara's dildo rubbed his prostrate one too many time and he exploded with such a
force that some of his cum hit Moloko's ass.  Watching Bob exploded and really
feeling the power she had over her victim sent Tara off to one of her most
powerful climaxes ever.  Her first coherent thought was ' is her husband going
to get it now'.

	Bob was released and all three of them took a long hot shower.  Moloko
and Tara put on nightgowns and they cuffed Bob to the headboard of the bed and
ball gagged him.  Tara got the KTB out again and locked around Bob's flaccid
penis.  Bob was in the center of the bed and the two women lay down on either
side of him.  Soon they were all sound asleep, it was a very long day for all of
them.

	Bob awoke in pain.  His normal morning erection had rudely awakened him. 
Bob's distress woke the women who watched in delight at his discomfort.  Moloko
released Bob from the headboard and led him into the bathroom to relieve his
bladder. She bought him back to the bed and threw him on his stomach.  Both
women took turns playfully smacking his ass until it turned cherry pink.  Tara
then took hold of his leash and guided him to her waiting mound.  Without
instruction Bob knew what was expected of him and started pleasuring Tara with
his mouth.  Tara soon reached a climax.  She then got up took a shower and
dressed for work.  Before she left she gave Bob's balls a slap and a squeeze.

	Unlike Tara, Moloko had taken the rest of the week off.  As soon as Tara
had left she removed Bob's blindfold for the first time in a long time.  It took
Bob's eyes a little time to adjust but they soon focused on Moloko who was
wearing an almost transparent nightgown.  Where as Bob thought she was handsome
yesterday at the airport he now found her very pretty.  Moloko smiled at him and
then pushed him on his back and straddled his face.  She realized that this was
her favorite way to have a man.  She had Bob service her to several climaxes. 
She had always counted herself lucky at not ever getting too sensitive after an
orgasm.  She placed Bob in bondage again and took a long shower and dressed in a
tee shirt and jeans.

	She placed leg irons on Bob and removed the KTB.  She liked to see a
man's erection.  She then wrapped a small electronic dog collar and showed Bob a
remote control.  She gave the button on the remote and smiled as she saw Bob
jump in pain.  "That was only the lightest setting.  Disobey me or try anything
funny and I'll fry your nuts."  Bob lowered his head.

	She released him from the headboard and put a frilly pink apron around
him.  It had a satiny feel to it and was very transparent.  The material rubbing
against his groin gave him an erection.  "There goes my sissy boy", Moloko
chuckled.  Bob's cheeks burned in embarrassment.  She gave him several
housecleaning chores to do as well as taking sexual advantages from him during
the day.  She even had him give her a pedicure.  As the evening drew near Bob
was once more blindfolded and tied to the bed.  That night he was used and
abused by a few women but not as many as the night before.  Bob was not sure any
of the women were the same except the one whose perfume he recognized as
Moloko's accomplice; the woman who gave him the best strap-on fucking of his
life.

	The next couple of days were the same.  Moloko grew more and more
demanding of him during the day.  Her interests in forcing Bob to wear feminine
clothing grew stronger each day.  By night Bob was just a total whore for the
faceless women he was forced to serve.  The day came when Bob's plane would
leave for the States.  Moloko made sure she had Bob alone that morning.

	She had wrapped the electronic dog collar around his balls once more. 
She then presented Bob with a paper bag.  "Here sissy boy, put these on.  You
are going to be my bitch today."  Bob looked horrified into the bag.  There was
a padded satin pink bra, white stockings, a pink garter belt, ruffled pink
panties, pink leather stilettos and a sheer pink baby doll nightgown.  Bob's
face turned red at the thought of putting this stuff on; putting on a pair of
panties was one thing but this was too much.  Moloko punched the remote.  Bob
shouted out in pain a collapsed onto the floor.  "Don't keep me waiting sissy
boy!  We both know you want to.  Time is short."  Bob did not want to feel the
jolt from that cursed collar again so he started putting on the stockings. 
After more threats and prodding from Moloko, Bob was dressed in the ensemble she
had provided.  The pumps were killing his feet and he wasn't even standing.  He
found the stockings and panties to feel very erotic next to his skin.  The same
for the nightgown, but the bra just made him feel ridiculous.  "Now we need to
whore you up some sissy boy".  Moloko placed a big haired blonde wig on his head
and then make up to his face.  She added bright red lipstick to him last.  She
helped him stand in the heels and turned him so he could see his self in the
mirror.  At first Bob didn't recognize the ugly whore that stared back at him. 
He couldn't believe want she had done to him.  Moloko removed the collar around
his balls and guided him back to the bed.  Bob could see the look of lust in her
eyes.  The power she had over this sissy boy was almost too much to take.  She
pushed him on his back and then flipped him on his stomach.  Bob gave no
resistance to her.  All the fight had long since left him.  Moloko then went to
the nightstand drawer and pulled out several pink and white silk scarves.  She
tied his wrists behind his back with one and tied his elbows with another.  Next
were his ankles and knees.  Lastly she tied his wrists to his ankles in a
perfect hog-tie.  Bob could see himself in the mirror and even he was turned on
by what he saw.  Moloko patted him on his cheek and said "don't go anywhere,
I'll be right back."  Where was he going to go he thought?

	After what seemed like an hour Moloko entered the bedroom.  Bob lost his
breath at the sight of her.  She wore black and red patent leather knee-high
boots with a 5-inch heel.  Black seamed stockings with tight garters connected
to a black leather corset.  Elbow length black leather gloves and a black
leather biker hat completed her dominatrix outfit.  His whole time as a captive
this was the first time he saw a woman in fetish gear.  Bob now focused on the
most predominate addition to the outfit.  Moloko wore a strap-on with a very
large most realistic dildo Bob had ever seen.  Moloko also carried a black and
red leather flogger with her.  Despite his predicament Bob found himself growing
hard underneath his pink ruffled panties.

	"Now my sissy boy I want to see what a good slut cock-sucker you are." 
Moloko shoved her cock in his face.  When Bob's mouth did not open right away
she hit him on his hog-tied legs with the flogger.  "Suck it now bitch!"  Her
flogger found its target again.  Bob's lipstick clad lips parted to allow
Moloko's large member in.  Moloko eagerly thrust her cock into Bob's mouth.  Bob
gagged on the large dildo.  Moloko pulled out somewhat, "show me the good little
cock sucker you are, sissy boy!"  Her flogger swung down on Bob's nylon clad
legs again.  "Suck it!"  Bob had a hard time moving due to the hog-tie Moloko
had placed him in.  Also Moloko's dildo was very large, but he started moving
his head up and down with his red lips wrapped around the phallus. Moloko could
see Bob sucking her strap-on in the mirror and the sight sent shivers through
her body.  Looking down at her bound sissy boy leaving smears of red down her
shaft was even a bigger turn on.  Look at what she reduced this guy to; she
could not believe it.  Moloko reached out and grabbed the back of Bob's head
with a leather-covered hand.  She started humping Bob's mouth.  Bob had a gag
reflex each time she thrust forward.  Moloko was being stimulated very little
but just the sight of this cocksucker was bringing her closer to a climax.  She
bought the flogger down heavily on Bob and caused Bob to moan in pain.  This
sent her over the edge as she experienced the strongest orgasm of the week.  She
withdrew her cock from Bob's mouth as her legs were finding it hard to stand in
the high-heeled boots.  She was only slightly aware of the choking sounds coming
from Bob.  Bob was happy about Moloko's withdrawal.  He had been having trouble
breathing.  Bob turned and faced the mirror, shame redden his face.  The wig was
half off his head.  His lips and surrounding face were smeared with red.  He saw
the lipstick smears on the dildo.  But for all the shame he felt, he could tell
his cock was as hard as a rock and this shamed him even more.

	After resting a few minutes Moloko got busy once more.  She knew her
time was getting short and she wanted to fuck sissy boy good and hard one last
time.  She released Bob from the hog-tie.  Bob's muscles convulsed as they were
released but he was grateful nonetheless.  Moloko removed the scarves that tied
Bob's legs.  With his help she pulled his legs and waist over the footboard of
the bed.  She attached leather cuffs to his ankles and tied his legs off to the
corners of the footboard spreading his legs wide.  She then released his arms
and attached leather cuff to his wrists.  She tied them off at the side rails of
the bed.  She went and got the penis gag and shoved it into his mouth.  "Suck on
that for a while sissy boy.  We don't want you scaring the neighbors."

	Bob was worried.  He had been fucked by strap-ons too many times these
last couple of days and to be frank he had enjoyed it.  But Moloko's was much
bigger then anything he had been penetrated with in the past.  He was afraid she
would damage him.  He struggled against his bonds and realized that he could not
stop her.  Moloko enjoyed watching Bob struggle as she prepared him for
mounting.  Slowly she pulled Bob's pretty pink ruffled panties down exposing his
ass that still showed bruises from Nadia.  Bob quivered as she lightly and
slowly ran her gloved hands up and down his stocking covered thighs.  One gloved
finger trailed up a satin pink garter that cut deeply into Bob's thigh.  Soon
her fingers were dancing over his exposed ass causing him to wiggle in his
bonds.  One gloved hand wrapped itself around Bob's stiff cock.  Moloko was
happy to feel how excited Bob was, "can't wait for it slut can you?"  Moloko
started to smack Bob's ass with one hand while stroking his cock with the other. 
Moloko stopped stroking all together and rained duel blows on Bob's unprotected
ass.  Soon Bob's ass was bright red and tears were rolling down his cheeks. 
Moloko removed a glove from her hand and lightly rubbed her bare hand over the
inflamed ass.  "Mmmmm, that's nice and hot sissy boy."  With the bare hand she
took hold of Bob's swollen member, "you really do like this stuff, don't you
sissy boy?  You look so pretty for me, you are making me soooo hot.  A pretty
slut like you needs a good hard fucking."  Bob shook his head no in protest. 
Squeezing Bob's cock Moloko said, "your head says no but your cock is saying
yes."  With that Bob felt well-lubed fingers invade his ass.  Moloko watched
herself in the mirror as she stroked her cock with a well-lubed hand.

	Moloko rubbed her cock up and down Bob's ass crack.  Slowly she nuzzled
the head of her dildo against Bob's anus.  Ever so slowly she started filling
Bob's ass.  Bob screamed in pain as the strap-on threatened to split him open. 
After what seemed like an eternity to Bob, he felt Moloko's thighs up against
his red ass.  Just as slowly Moloko started to pull back out.  This went on at a
slow but steady pace.  Moloko really loved it.  This is the ultimate in
domination.  The pain was subsiding for Bob.  He could not believe he was taking
that large dildo Moloko was fucking him with.  Moloko increased the pace and she
was surprised to see that Bob was pushing back wanting it deeper.  "You like
this sissy boy, don't you?" Bob shook his head no, but he knew that was a lie. 
Moloko forgetting that Bob's head of hair was a wig, pulled on his hair and
succeeded in only ripping the wig off.  She tossed the mane aside and grabbed a
handful of Bob's real hair.  "Tell Mistress the truth sissy boy, you like
getting fuck!"  Slowly Bob shook his head yes.  "You are my slut!"  Again Bob
shook his head yes.  "You are my bitch!"  Yes was the answer again.  Bob was her
total whore; she loved it.  She felt herself approaching the point of no return,
so she reached down and started stroking Bob's cock.  It didn't take too many
strokes to pull Bob's trigger.  Bob exploded in a violent climax, screaming into
his gag.  Hearing that scream Moloko turned and watched her fuck Bob in the
mirror.  She too exploded in orgasm.  As she was coming down she collapsed her
body onto Bob's back.  She felt both of them were breathing heavily and
sweating.  Her ear to Bob's back, she could hear his heart pounding away.  She
laid there and felt content.  She felt really good.  Moloko did not want this to
end.

	Finally she rose up off of Bob unburying the dildo from his ass.  She
removed the strap-on and then Bob's gag.  Bob flexed his mouth; his jaws hurt
from the gag. He was staring at Moloko wondering what was next.  Moloko stood
tall and proud in front of Bob, in all her dominatrix glory.  "So sissy boy do
you like what you see?  Am I not beautiful?"  Bob, afraid to speak just shook
his head yes.  She was beautiful.  Moloko mounted the bed and placed her booted
legs on either side of Bob's head and moved herself down until her pussy was
below Bob's face.  Softly she said, "Worship me."  Bob's tongue went to work. 
Bob's tongue had become a very skilled tool over the last few days and he put
all he had into pleasing this goddess.  He loved her musky scent and was
enjoying pleasing her.  All too soon he heard her gasp and felt her boots lock
around the back of his head.  Moloko could not believe she was coming again. 
Bob had become very skilled.

	Moloko got off the bed and started undressing in front of Bob.  When she
was completely nude she went into the shower leaving Bob tied to the bed.  While
she was in the shower the thought occurred to her that she should keep Bob as
her slave.  No one knew where he was and her friends wouldn't tell on her since
they would use him too.  Bob would just become another missing person.  She
dried herself and dressed casually.  She went back in the bedroom and sat on the
bed.  She stared deeply into her victim's eyes.  She reached over to the
nightstand and grabbed the telephone; she would call Tara and let her know there
was a change in the plans.  Tara was luckily available when Moloko called.  Tara
listened in shocked silence as her friend told her of her intentions.  "You
can't do that Moloko; are you crazy?  Bob has a family waiting for him at home. 
What you want to do is wrong and illegal.  If you go through with this I'll
report you."  Moloko pleaded for Tara to listen to her.  Tara would have none of
it.  "Tara if you tell on me you would get in trouble too."  "I know that
Moloko, but I can't allow you to take my friend away from his family.  So if I
get in trouble that is the price I have to pay to do the right thing.  Moloko
you are my friend right now your head is clouded, but I know you know what you
want to do is wrong.  We all had our fun.  Most people don't get to live out
their fantasies.  Don't ruin it; do the right thing."  Bob had no idea what was
going on but he saw Moloko angry and now she was sobbing.  "You are right Tara. 
I've got to go or Bob will miss his plane."  Moloko, I promise if you want to
live that lifestyle I'll help you find the perfect slave.  Send Bob my love." 
"Tara, thank you for all you have done for me.  This has been the best five days
of my life."

	Moloko hung up the telephone and wiped her tears away.  She sat there
and stared at Bob for a long time.  Bob was not sure what was up; the telephone
conversation had frightened him.  Finally Moloko untied Bob from the bed and
ordered him to take off his sissy things.  Moloko led him into the shower and
ordered him to get cleaned up.  "You don't want to go home messy, do you?" 
Home, Bob thought.  She is releasing me?  It felt good to hear the word home. 
"Just continue to follow my every order and you will get home safely.  Bob
showered with zeal; he was going home.  He dried himself and found real clothes,
his clothes laid out on the bed for him.  Moloko handed him the pair of pink
ruffled panties.  "Put these on.  A souvenir to remember me by."  The panties
went on and Bob blushed as Moloko rubbed his cock through the silky material. 
Bob dressed in his clothes.  When he was done Moloko tied his wrists behind his
back with a black silk scarf.  She shoved a ball gag in his mouth and put the
leather blindfold back on him.  She led him out to the waiting truck and tied
him with rope to the wall of the truck.  She then loaded a briefcase in the back
of the truck with Bob and closed the door.  Moloko then drove to the airport
crying to herself on the way.

	Moloko stopped the truck at the guardhouse; Molly was inside.  "Moloko
where have you been, I was worried about you?  Is everything all right?  Why
have you been crying?  Did Bob hurt you?  "No Molly, everything is fine.  Bob
was great this morning.  I'm just sad to have to give him up."  "I know what you
mean.  I am very grateful to you and Tara for allowing me to live out some
fantasies.  You better get going or he'll miss his flight.  His luggage has
already been checked in."  "Molly, don't forget about dinner at my place next
Tuesday.  Bye."  Molly waved the truck through.

	Moloko parked at the loading dock and led Bob out of the truck.  Luckily
no one was around and she was able to sneak Bob back into the interrogation room
where everything started.  She removed the gag and blindfold.  She put the
briefcase on the table and told Bob all the information from his seminar was in
it.  Along with his plane ticket, passport and wallet.  Moloko told him one of
the women, whom he serviced, husband took his place at the seminar.  Moloko then
grabbed a handful of his hair on the back of his head and kissed him long and
hard. When she finally released her embrace she said, "Tara sends her love." 
Bob's eyes grew wide.  Moloko laughed at his surprise.  "Yes, Tara, she planned
all this for you."  Bob should have known but he was so caught up in this Tara
never entered his mind after his kidnapping.  He smiled in wonderment.  "You
need to hurry or you'll miss your flight.  Good-bye my sissy boy.  If you are
any good with knots, you should be able to untie yourself."  With that Moloko
abruptly turned and left the room.  Bob was good at knots and was free in no
time.  He shoved the scarf in his pocket.  He made it on his flight just before
they closed the gates.

	He had plenty of material to look over on the flight.  He needed to make
sure he knew everything that was at the seminar.  His mind kept drifting back to
the events of the last couple of days.  He was scared during his ordeal but he
truly enjoyed himself.  A lot of his fantasies were realized and he had Tara to
thank.  Inside the briefcase there were also photographs of the sights around
Rotterdam and explanations as to what they were.  Then it hit him.  He was in
Holland for five days and the only sights he saw were the inside of the airport
and the inside of Moloko's house.  And he never saw Tara!

	During the long flight he also kept getting a whiff of a familiar
perfume.  He soon realized it was the same perfume that the woman who helped
kidnap him was wearing.  The same woman who gave him the best ass fucking he
ever had.  He soon realized the perfume scent was coming from him or more
correctly the scarf inside his pocket.  He pulled the scarf out and inhaled
deeply.  Instantly his cock grew hard.  And then he knew it was Tara's scent.

	Bob's flight arrived at JFK and once again Bob was reunited with his
luggage.  He waited to be processed through customs again.  A tall buxom black
woman came up to Bob and requested his passport.  Her eyes cut through him as
she waited for him to comply.  No, this can't be happening here he thought as he
handed her his passport.  After looking it over thoroughly, she roughly grabbed
Bob's upper arm and ordered him to come with her.  "What is this all about", he
demanded.  "Shut your mouth boy, haven't you learned anything?"  As soon as they
were away from public view she flung Bob up against the wall and kneed him in
the back.  Steel cuffs clamped down on his wrists.  She had hold of his arm and
grabbed a handful of hair and pushed him down a hallway.  She opened a door and
flung him on a table.  The room looked exactly like the one in which Moloko
kidnapped him from.  He watched wide-eyed as the woman hiked up her skirt to
reveal a bare pussy.  "I hear you are a very good pussy eater.  I'm going to
find out.  If you please me I'll let you go.  I you don't we made just have to
hold you for a couple of days", she laughed as she squatted over me.  Just as
her thighs squeezed my head I heard her say, "Moloko sends her love."

	

						THE END.....for now




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bound_bob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





