BDSM Library - Retribution




Retribution
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman out of work and in debt, in desperation tries to blackmail a wealthy neighbour with a false rape allegation. However it goes wrong and a painful retribution follows.
Retribution

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults onl�.

MF NC Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material or if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright Obohobo 2002




Retribution

by obohobo



Chapter 1. False accusation

"It wasn't really her fault was it?" Mary Curtis asked herself for the
thousandth time that evening.

"It was all because that dammed woman lost her dog. If she had kept the mutt on
a lead HE would not have helped her look for it and then my plan would have
worked. Now instead of just having the debts I had, I now stand to lose more and
maybe end up in prison." Tears welled up in her eyes again.

HE was Vernon Rocher, the young, rich guy who lived on his own in an executive
style house a couple of miles away. 'On his own' though was more theoretical
than actual. Usually there were one or more beautiful young females in residence
for one or more nights. "It was his fault too," she told herself, "If he had
given me the secretarial job at the house instead of appointing that painted up
bimbo who probably didn't have any keyboard or filing skills but was there only
to satisfy his baser needs. I was the one that really needed the job."

***********

It had been a hair-brained scheme. One thought up in desperation from an ill
remembered newspaper report of several years ago.

Rogers and Brinkley, the firm she worked for, or now more precisely, did work
for, had been going downhill for some time. Their product was outdated and they
weren't able to come up with an alternative. For some months it had been short
time working but recently they had gone into receivership. Mary lost her job. In
one way Mary was fortunate, she owned the house she lived in. It was left to her
when her mother died four years ago when she was 21. Her father died while she
was a baby. Even with no mortgage to pay she still had to find money to pay
council tax, electricity, phone, water and other regular bills. If that wasn't
enough, the clutch in her car had died and with other necessary repairs the bill
was estimated at �600. She needed a car to get to town to get a job; she needed
a job to get the car repaired. That is why she needed the Vernon Rocher job so
badly. The house was only two miles away on the outskirts of the village and she
could walk or cycle there.

Mary had known Vernon by sight for some time and had even passed the time of day
with him on occasions but she didn't really know him. His reputation as a
womanizer was well known from the succession of beautiful ladies he brought into
The Fox, the local pub. Mary was not one of them. She didn't consider herself
beautiful or even attractive. Her height was a little short with a figure
slightly on the plump side. She didn't wear make-up, kept her hair straight and
wore plain, workable clothes. Being somewhat shy and having no liking for pubs,
dances and other communal activities didn't help her to get boyfriends. Even
while doing a secretarial course at Suffolk College her free time was taken up
with looking after her ailing mother and at 25 years of age she was still a
virgin. Only real desperation made her think of rape as a means of solving her
financial problems.

The plan should have worked. Would have worked had it not been for the damned
dog. Every Tuesday and Thursday evenings about an hour before dusk, Vernon
parked his Rangerover at the entrance to the wood and heath land opposite Mary's
house. In the warmer weather he would remove his track suit and jog around the
paths in shorts but now in the chill of  October the track suit was kept on.
There were many tracks across the site, the main and most used one went straight
across to the next village a mile and a half away but Vernon preferred to run
around the usually deserted tortuous perimeter path, a distance of about 5 miles
and by habit Vernon always ran the path in a anti-clockwise direction.

Mary had often watched his movements from behind drawn curtains. She knew them
well enough to act. Seeing Vernon start around the path she ran a short way
along the perimeter path in the opposite direction to a spot she had earlier
picked where there was a more open area of bracken. It was here she lay down,
rolled around flattening the vegetation and kicking divots from the grassy
places with her heels. It had to look as though she had put up a great struggle.
She tore open her thick cardigan, ripping off the buttons and breaking her bra
strap. Finally she broke the button from the top of her jeans and thrust a muddy
hand inside. That, she thought, would convince anyone of the motif for the
attack. She walked back to the house peeled an onion and held it in front of
here eyes to make them cry and waited until Vernon reappeared at the entrance
and drove off. It seemed to Mary he had taken a little longer than usual but she
dismissed it as being tiredness.

Staggering to the local police house she was met by a sympathetic older
policeman, Sergeant Williams, who she knew well as did most of the villagers. He
knew her too as a reliable if somewhat conservative woman. One whose story he
wouldn't question. Vernon was quickly arrested and taken to the main police
station some 10 miles away.

His interrogation lasted seven hours before he and his attorney could prove he
had an alibi. He hadn't run the perimeter path that evening. A short while after
starting his run an elderly woman asked if he had seen her brown dog which had
run off. He hadn't but after only running another 300 yards or so spotted the
animal. It was only small dog of indeterminate breed but was friendly enough and
allowed itself to be picked up. Vernon walked and carried the dog along one of
the smaller paths connecting the perimeter to the central bridleway where, after
a short distance, he met with the woman talking to a middle aged man again
asking if he had seen her dog. When the little dog barked they turned to greet
Vernon. The woman was enthusiastic with her thanks and the three of them chatted
for a short while. With light fast fading Vernon decided to abandon this run.

Unfortunately it had taken some time to trace the 'dog woman' and the man but
eventually they were found and corroborated Vernon's story. His clothing
corroborated it too. He was still wearing the track suit when the police arrived
and the trouser legs were only lightly splattered with mud. Obviously he had not
run the muddier parts of the perimeter.

A very weary and angry Vernon was released without charge. Immediately he
instructed his lawyer to file for damages against Mary. Mary was cautioned that
she might be charged with making false allegations and wasting police time
before being released.

All day Friday Mary sat at home fearing the worst, crying real tears for what
she had done but nothing happened. Saturday morning, the Rangerover stopped
outside her door. Vernon alighted picked up a manila envelope from the passenger
seat and knocked on the door. Mary understandably clipped on the chain before
opening it. "I don't want to talk to you," she cried then added, "I am very,
very sorry for what I did. It was so mean of me. Sorry, Mr. Rocher. Please I
didn't mean to hurt you."

"But you did, Miss Curtis, you did and you caused me a great deal of grief and
expense. You utterly humiliated me. Now you are going to pay the price."

"But I have no money, that is why I did it." Mary burst into more tears.

"Read these papers, and I will call back in half an hour to discus it further.
If you still have no wish to talk to me then I will pass the whole lot back to
my lawyers and they can deal with it but that will only add to the costs you
will have to pay." Vernon passed the envelope around the partially open door.

Half an hour passed quickly and yet slowly. One part of Mary wanted to get it
over with, another wanted to delay the meeting as long as possible. What could
she say? What could she do? It was difficult to focus on the words through teary
eyes especially as the print was small. When the knock came she hesitated to
answer the door but at last decided it was better to deal with Vernon than his
lawyer.

They sat in the lounge in opposite chairs. Vernon still angry, Mary sobbing and
shaking like a leaf. Watching the woman, Vernon's anger started to dissipate but
he was determined to suppress any feelings of compassion after what she had
done.

"Did you read the papers? Did you understand them?"

"I...I tried.... but ......" Mary broke off into renewed bout of sobbing.

"Well I'll explain the situation in simple terms." Vernon tried to sound firm
and callous but the sight of the wretched girl in front of him caused his voice
to falter. "Basically, I am going to pursue a claim for �10,000 damages plus
expenses, which if disputed could rise to more than the claim itself, through
the courts."

"I don't have any money left....... that's why I tried....." She broke off
again.

"But you do have money Miss Curtis. You own this house and all the stuff that is
in it." His hand made an arc to indicate all her possessions. "All can be sold
to pay your debt."

"That would make me homeless and penniless..... I couldn't live ...... I
couldn't ...." Further words would not come.

Vernon stood. "Go wash your face woman. Crying will not solve your problem. Then
make a pot of tea and we'll talk again." His words were cold and authoritative.
Mary complied.

*************

Later and each with a calming mug of tea the conversation resumed. Vernon asked
why she had chosen him and why she had chosen this method to obtain money to pay
her debts. Hesitantly at first but soon Mary poured out her problems and the
reasons for actions. When she came to the part of the secretarial application
and its appointment, Vernon interjected that she probably would have been a
better secretary. The agency misunderstood his intentions. His reputation had
worked against him.

It took over twenty minutes for the whole story to come out. Mary felt a little
relieved to get it out in the open. She told it all. The loss of her job, the
mounting debt, the car, the newspaper report, her resentment at not getting the
job. How she thought Vernon wouldn't miss the money. How desperate she was. How
sorry she was. How she hadn't realised the problems and difficulties she would
cause once the police were involved. She begged and pleaded for him to forgive
her. She pleaded for him not to take her house. To throw her on the streets.

The pleading didn't go unheeded but Vernon didn't allow it to show. He was too
good a business man for that. The money meant nothing to Vernon. It was a drop
in the ocean. But he wanted revenge. Retribution. He had suffered the
humiliation of being searched and interrogated for hours. "Why did you choose
rape as a means of blackmailing me? Was it a fantasy of yours to be raped? Mary
shook her head no but Vernon kept probing and demanding answers. It was
something he was good at. He had to be. It was part of being at the top of his
job to get answers. Eventually it all came out. Mary's feelings of inadequacy
over her figure, her lack of love life, her living alone with her imagination
with only romantic novels for company for so long.

Vernon started to feel sorry for the girl but then remembered the hours at the
police station. Revenge. Retribution. That's what he wanted. Not money, but
money might be the key to getting it. "Miss Curtis, I will think over what you
have told me and consult with Mr. Rodrick my lawyer. I can begin to understand
your money problems but cannot tolerate the way you sort to solve them. I could
have ended up in prison as a rapist. You didn't do your research well enough or
you would have known I have all the women I need to satisfy my sexual needs.
However, I have no wish to see you go to prison either but I still want my
'pound of flesh' as the saying goes. I'll be in touch again. Meanwhile I suggest
you fully read the documents I have given you instead of Mills and Boon fiction.
Mr. Rodrick may not be inclined to alter them much or come up with any
alternative."

Vernon actually had no intention of consulting Rodrick again. An idea formed in
his mind whereby retribution could be obtained in a way that was more appealing
than having the case dragged through the courts even with an out of court
settlement. Surprising himself somewhat, he found Mary attractive. Her naivet�
was in itself appealing. She was so different to the ladies he normally bedded.
They were outwardly beautiful and knew it. Their painted faces and expensive
hair-do's proclaimed it. He knew they went to bed with him only after being
wined and dined at the best restaurants and he knew they too were subtly trying
to wheedle him into marriage or at least gain part of his wealth. So far none
had succeeded in getting him to tie the knot.

Mary was different. She needed the money. She wasn't offering sex for it. Or was
she? He decided no. But maybe she really did want to be forced into it. Her
shyness made it difficult to have any relationships with boys. Made if difficult
for her to allow any contact with others. Maybe the pressure of homelessness
could change that. He worked on the plan.

Later that afternoon Vernon phoned Mary. When she answered he curtly ordered her
to come to his house immediately. He waived aside her protests at having to walk
the two miles because her bike had a flat tyre and no lights, "See you in half
an hour," was all he said. Feeling she had to do it Mary dressed and went,
wondering with every step what was in store for her and whether she was doing
the right thing by going alone to the house of a man with a reputation of a
notorious lecher.




Chapter 2. The offer

"Sit down, Mary. I hope you won't mind if I dispense with the formal Miss Curtis
bit."

They were in his home office. Mary sat in front of his desk and nervously looked
around. There was another desk with an office type chair, a computer and various
trays and piles of folders and papers. This must be for the secretary she
thought and by the state of things he obviously needed one. Vernon's desk too,
was cluttered with paperwork but the space between him and Mary was clear.
Noting Mary's glancing looks he muttered, "Yes, I do need a real secretary. The
'bimbo' as you aptly put it yesterday, left before she even started. Had you not
staged this little episode, you might have been offered the job."

"But we are not here to discuss that. The option for me to claim damages is
still open but there is an alternative I am prepared to offer. As I told you
earlier, first and foremost I want retribution. I want to see you punished. The
money is nothing to me, only a means to an end. Secondly, you know how I am
partial to women, what you may not realise is that I have always wanted the
control of a completely subservient women, one to play with and punish exactly
as I please. None of the ladies I've had have allowed me to go that far so this
may prove a very rare opportunity, providing you agree to my terms of course."

"You want me to.....I couldn't....." stuttered Mary.

"Just wait and listen. Here is my proposition. You either walk out of here now
and await the legal documents from my lawyers or you will ostensibly go for a
two weeks long walking holiday. In practice you will travel with me to a cottage
on the Yorkshire moors not far from the Pennine Way. On the first night there I
will punish you by giving your bare backside a good thrashing. Make no mistake,
I intend it to be painful but undertake not to cause you any permanent damage or
scarring. Thereafter I will use you sexually in any way and at any time I desire
until the end of the two weeks. During that time any disobedience or reluctance
to accept what I wish to do with you will also be punished. On our return, if
you still wish it, I will give you the secretary's job provisionally on a one
month contract at the end of which if you prove suitable, you will be offered a
permanent post."

Mary looked aghast. Her face drained of colour. She opened her mouth to speak
but several seconds elapsed before words came. "You....you want to thrash and
rape me? I don't believe it. That isn't a choice."

"You had better believe it Mary. You do have a choice. Either you have your
whole life ruined by having your name dragged through the courts followed by
homelessness or you have a very difficult, humiliating and painful fortnight but
with prospects thereafter."

"I don't believe you can legally do this," Mary almost whispered the words.

"Yes, you are right but what you did wasn't very legal either."

Once more tears flowed down Mary's face. "Mr. Rocher please, is there no other
way? Could I not work for you for a bare minimum of pay? I am sure I could
organise this office to work more efficiently. I was good at my job at Rogers
and Brinkley's,"

"You may call me Vernon. All my staff do. The money may seem like a fortune to
you but for me it is a mere pittance and although I believe you could work
wonders in this office I would not have my 'pound of flesh' and I am looking
forward to that. Come into the kitchen. We'll have tea and I think Sylvia has
left some cream cakes. We can discuss it further but you must decide tonight. I
have to let Rodrick know in the morning whether or not to proceed with the
claim."

Mary protested cream cakes were fattening and was so surprised when Vernon
stated she wasn't fat only nicely plump and cuddly that she blushed deeply.

Planning for the trip was already well advanced. Vernon had booked the vacation
weeks before and intended to take another girl with him but when she found out
she was expected to wear walking boots and tramp across the moors as well as
making love, her mother conveniently fell ill and needed long term attention. It
was the fact that she would be fell walking during the day that finally decided
Mary. In her mind she argued that if they were out walking all day, then she
would only have to submit to him in the evenings. In a very small voice and
shaking with emotion and fear, Mary finally agreed to accept the punishment and
go with him.

Vernon's enquiry about her sexual experience caused Mary to blush furiously
before admitting her virginity. "So I guess you are not on the pill?" It was as
much a statement as a question. "We don't want you getting pregnant do we?" He
picked up the phone, dialed and even from the one side of the conversation she
could hear, Mary knew he was making an appointment for her. "Monday morning 9.30
you will attend a private clinic in Bury to get a prescription. They will
probably want to do a blood test as well."

Later that evening Vernon drove Mary to within a few hundred yards of her home
to keep the prying eyes of her neighbours from becoming suspicious.




Chapter 3. Retribution

Monday evening, Vernon again summoned Mary to his office and after first
enquiring if she had changed her mind and then about her visit to the clinic.
Mary blushingly and hesitatingly told him that although the pills took a
fortnight to be effective she expected her monthlies at the end of the week so
the nurse said she would be 'safe' for some days following that and by then the
pills should be working.

Vernon then gave her instructions for the trip. "Tomorrow week you will pack a
rucsac with all you would normally take on a walking holiday to the remoter
parts of the country. No need to worry about food, there will be plenty in the
house. You will need boots and wet weather gear. That shouldn't be a problem
because I know you are used to walking. On Wednesday you will catch the 7.35 bus
to Bury and then the 8.30 train to Cambridge. I will pick you up at the station
there at 9.15. If there are any problems phone me on my mobile. He gave her the
number and a small mobile phone of her own to use. "I'm trusting you not to
misuse it Mary, just phone if the bus or train is delayed." Vernon peeled three
�20 notes from a wad in his pocket. "These are for your fare and anything else
you may need. Sorry, we need to be devious but I don't think it would be wise
for the village to see you going on holiday with me. You can tell others you are
going to Cambridge for a few days walking and looking for work or whatever other
excuse you like to think up."

All day and every day of that week Mary wondered what would happen to her. Would
he be really cruel? He seemed very bitter with her. Could she take the thrashing
he promised? Should she take the �60 and go to London? No, that wasn't an
option. They would get a court order to sell the house even if she wasn't there.
Would he forcibly rape her? What would sex with a man be like? With all these
and many more questions running through her mind she didn't sleep much at nights
and was up on the final Wednesday ready long before it was time to catch the
bus.

Owing to a minor signal problem, the train was eight minutes late arriving at
Cambridge. Would he wait? Should she use the phone? Would he believe she had
chickened out? Surely he would know from announcements at the station the train
was late. Grabbing her rucsac as soon as the train stopped Mary ran along the
platform and over the bridge to the exit. Vernon was there. "Thank goodness for
that," she murmured.

"You're late," Vernon snapped.

"The train was ......."

"Throw your stuff in the back and get in alongside me."

Her legs felt rubbery and her hands shook so much she couldn't fasten the seat
belt. Vernon had to do it. Outwardly he complained but inwardly he was pleased
she was so helpless. He began to feel he had control of her.

They drove across country on the A14 and then sped up the M1 stopping only for a
quick snack at a motorway service station. Bypassing Leeds they travelled to
Settle and stopped at a fish and chip shop for lunch. Conversation during the
journey was minimal but sitting doing nothing calmed Mary's nerves a little and
her limbs began acting normally although there was a growing fear in the pit of
her stomach as she guessed they were nearing their destination.

Lunch over, they left the main roads and drove along narrow stonewalled lanes
and over open moorland to the small village of Arncliffe were they parked
outside a stone house. It was only early afternoon but the weather had become
murky with blustery showers. Lights were on in the house. "Surely there are not
going to be others in the house too," thought Mary.

"Come in a meet Mrs. Harris, she looks after the cottage for me and keeps the
key."

Mrs. Harris ushered them in and sat them in front of the fire. Tea and home made
scones were produced which Mrs. Harris accompanied with cheery and somewhat
blunt humorous conversation in a broad if Yorkshire accent.

"She doesn't look like the usual girls you bring up here," she remarked then
added, "This one looks as if she can actually walk a mile or two without
breaking her high heels!"

All too soon it was time to leave. Vernon pocketed the key, paid for the
supplies Mrs. Harris had put in the house and drove along a steep track to an
isolated farm cottage only about half a mile from the village itself. During
their short stay at the Harris house, the rain and wind had increased and
rivulets of water ran down the centre of the track. Once inside, Vernon checked
the bottled gas supply and started the central heating going. Both removed their
outdoor shoes, left them in a rack by the door and donned slippers. On his
instructions, Mary, lit a fire in the main room which served as kitchen and
living space. Soon the place was cozily warm and the supplies Mrs. Harris had
not already put in the refrigerator were stored in various cupboards. When
Vernon led Mary to the bedroom she wondered if now was to be the time but he
only told which side of the bed she would be sleeping and which drawers she
could use to store her clothes.

Returning to the main room, Vernon checked the door was locked and the curtains
drawn so no one could peep in even if there was anyone around in this remote
spot. "Right then Mary, retribution time. You are going to get what you deserve
and I will get my revenge. Come here."

"Please, please, don't hurt me too much. Vernon please. I've never been spanked
before." Her pitiful pleas went ignored.

"No Mary, you are going to get what I think you deserve and at my pleasure. We
have plenty of time so I will take things slowly but by the time you go to bed
you will not be able to sit comfortably. That's a promise."

Mary looked round towards the door but before she could even think of moving,
Vernon gripped her arm. "I told you to come here. If you are going to be
disobedient then that will merit further punishment."

"Sit on this chair," her ordered then, "Arms up over your head." Holding the hem
of her thick woolen sweater he pulled the garment up and off over her head in
one movement. He threw it on to the nearby settee. Mary instinctively went to
fold her arms over her breasts but was curtly told to keep her hands up above
her head. Vernon started to unbutton her khaki shirt and after loosening the
tails from her pants pulled that off in the same way. Only a cotton bra covered
her breasts. "Keep your hands UP!" After unfastening the clasp, the bra followed
the other clothing to the heap on the settee. None of his previous ladies had
ever blushed as frequently or as deeply red as did Mary. Tears streamed down her
face as she quietly sobbed in her humiliation. Vernon squeezed her breasts,
played with her nipples and then kissed them. "You've nice tits, Mary, real nice
tits." Mary winced at the words and yet underlying her repulsion she felt
pleased he thought them nice when he must have seen so many. "Yes, Mary, while
you are here we will use the common or garden terms for our body parts. Breasts
is too clinical. Tits is much more emotive. And it seems, more embarrassing to
you."

"Okay, you can put your arms down now but don't cover your tits." Vernon removed
her slippers but left her thick walking socks in place. The lino floor covering
was still a little chilly. He smiled at himself for being considerate over that
when in a short while he was going inflict considerable pain.

"Stand up." Vernon undid the top button and unzipped her flies. Mary still
pleaded with him to allow her to keep the trousers on even though she knew it
would be to no avail. "Don't be silly Mary," Vernon snapped, "I shall be seeing,
feeling and fucking you many times in the coming two weeks and in any case I
want to see the stripes appear on your bare arse." He knelt and slowly pulled
the pants down revealing a pair of plain white cotton knickers. Pushing the
pants down as far as they would go to her ankles, Vernon slowly peeled down the
cotton knickers. Placing his hand under her crotch her rubbed her hairy mound
and tried to enter a finger in the vagina but with the knickers holding her
thighs closed and tightness of her opening, he was unable to gain entry. "Nice
tight cunt Mary. It will give me great pleasure to force my prick in there and
open you up. Sit down again so I can get rid of these pants." Apart from the
socks, Mary was completely naked. Vernon opened her legs to get a better look at
her sex and then fingered the opening some more. Still no moisture that would
help him gain entry. Her fear was holding her back.

"Stand up again," This time Vernon inspected and felt all over her body,
remarking on the texture and colour of her skin. When he came to her arse he
gave it a gentle smack and remarked it was white now but would very soon be
covered with purple blotches.

"Now it's your turn, Mary. Undress me and examine me as closely as I did you and
you may comment on what you see too." Poor Mary thought the world must end,
hoped the floor itself would open and swallow her.

"I can't," she stuttered, "Please don't make me!"

"Of course you can, girl. Nothing so far has caused you any pain. Only
embarrassment. In the next two weeks you will get to know all of my body as I
will yours so the sooner you start the better. Stop this childish shyness and
get on with it. I told you earlier disobedience would mean further punishment
and if your arse is too badly marked to punish further then there is always the
thighs, the belly and tits that can feel the effects of the lash."

Her ears pricked up at the word 'lash'. Was he going to whip her? She wasn't
expecting that. No he wouldn't do that to a woman would he? It was too barbaric.

Shakingly Mary slowly removed Vernon's clothing but even when pressed made few
remarks. It took a great effort to even look at his prick and when he first took
her hand and placed it around his erect tool she pulled her hand back as though
it had been burned. After a hard slap on the arse, she did grip his prick and
eventually gently massaged it. "That is what will take your virginity tonight so
you had better get used to the feel of it," Vernon growled.

Mary thought she would never be able to take a prick of that size into her body
without tearing her apart but in reality Vernon's tool wasn't abnormally large
or thick. He was well made at 7 inches long and about 1-1/2 inches thick but to
Mary it seemed huge. Her novels often delighted in descriptions of the sex act
but now having seen a man's organ erect for the first time, she was very
uncertain as to whether fact lived up to fiction. Still shaking with fear she
began to doubt the wisdom of her choice. Too late now though. Even if she
changed her mind she could never get away. She prayed she would survive.

"Time to move on Mary." Vernon didn't want to cum just yet. He wanted
retribution first and the ruthless top business man in him held him on course.
He lifted Mary and gave her a hug. "Remember Mary, I said I wouldn't do any
permanent damage to you and I keep my word but I do also intend to keep my word
regarding your punishment." During the hug Mary felt his prick press against her
belly and shuddered at the thought it would not be long before it was inside.
Would it be painful? Would it be enjoyable as in the stories? She would soon
know.

Vernon lifted a long cardboard box he had brought in from the car when they
first arrived. "Unpack that while I stoke up the fire." Slitting the tape and
opening the flaps revealed an assortment of items some of which she recognised
as the instruments he was to punish her with. A long rattan cane lay along one
side together with a tawse and a suede flogger. Packed between them were
unfamiliar leather items.

"Do you know what they are, Mary?"

"No, but I guess they are all to do with holding me," she quietly replied.

"You are of course right. They are for restraining you. In a way they are for
your protection so that I don't hit the wrong places because you are moving
about." He fastened the leather ankle and wrist cuffs in place, then a neck
collar, all fitted with external clasp rings. Around her waist he buckled a 5
inch wide belt. "The belt is wide so that it protects the kidneys but I can also
fasten your wrists to the rings or put you on a leash." Standing back and
looking at Mary he remarked, "Now you look like a proper slave girl. It was
worth the trip to London on Monday just to see you in this gear. I could look at
you for hours but I mustn't forget the important business of the evening."

Vernon removed the box from the table. There were still a few items left in it
including four pairs of handcuffs and a length of soft cotton rope. Taking out
the rope he cut four short lengths and led Mary to the table. "Try and be brave.
You know we have to go through with it," he whispered in her ear. Mary though,
felt anything but brave. Tears streamed down her face, sobs came from her lips.
After tying her ankle cuffs to two end table legs he leaned her down until her
breasts pressed on the wooden surface before fastening her wrist cuffs the legs
at the opposite end. Seeing her lying there absolutely helpless he wondered if
he was doing the right thing after all. She was a pitiful sight.

"I'm going to start with the tawse Mary and once your arse is nicely warm I'll
stripe it with the cane. When that is over your punishment beating will be
finished and we can get to the more intimate part of the retribution." With that
he grasped the leather tawse, swung it in a wide arc and brought it down with a
loud impact across both cheeks. Mary screamed with the pain. The tawse fell for
the second time followed by a second ear piercing yell. "Sorry, Mary, I didn't
want to use this but even in this isolated place with the wind howling outside,
screams that loud might be heard."

"I can't help it. You're killing me! I'll be cut to ribbons."

"No you won't but it will feel like the fires of hell for a while which is of
course why you are here."

Vernon inserted the gag and noted how effective it was. After the next stroke
the screams were reduced to muffled groans. Twelve strokes of the tawse brought
Mary's arse to the colour of beetroot mixed with purple splotches. Mary
struggled and writhed as much as her bonds would allow but could not evade the
pounding leather. Placing the tawse on the table alongside Mary's body, Vernon
rubbed her arse, feeling the fire he had created in her tender flesh.

Now for the cane. He had never used one before but the man in the shop had given
him a little advice and made him understand that it was a dangerous implement.
He swished it in the air and debated whether or not to use it. Her poor arse had
already taken more than enough punishment. Still he had said the cane would
follow the tawse so he had to keep his word. He mustn't chicken out now.
Bringing the cane down with what he thought was moderate force produced a wicked
welt deeper on the left cheek than the right. "I can't give her twelve with
this," he thought, "Good job I didn't mention the number of strokes. But it
looks as if I mustn't use it any harder than the first stroke otherwise I will
break the skin. And I must try not to hit the same place twice."

In his efforts not to cross the strokes he kept the stripes well apart and
consequently the final one was laid on low down near to the tops of the thighs.
He noted Mary leaped fiercely as far as her bonds held. It must have been
extremely painful.

Walking to her head end of the table so that she could see his rampant prick, he
spoke quietly, "Mary, your whipping is over but as you can see, the sight of
your lovely body as given me a raging hard on so I am going straight on and give
you your first fuck." However, I did bring some aloe vera cream and will coat
your bum and cunt with it first to ease the burning somewhat."

From the cardboard box he produced a pot of a soothing cream recommended by the
shop and spread it liberally over the sore area. With Mary still gagged he
couldn't tell if she appreciated it or not. Continuing to spread the ointment he
worked his fingers into the opening of her vagina. It was still fairly dry but
after a gentle massage his finger gained entry. His cock was now so rampant he
knew once inside her body it would quickly explode.

Applying cream to the tip of his cock he pushed the knob inside her cunt hole.
It was tight but gradually it eased in. A few short strokes followed to get her
to open up a little and then a deep thrust, his cock forcing its way through her
hymen and up towards her womb. Stopping for a few moments to allow her to get
used to him, he started thrusting again. As he had predicted, it wasn't long
before he shot his load deep inside her. Slowly he pulled out, his cock lightly
splattered with her blood. "Sorry," he muttered, "That was a poor performance on
my part. I guess the sight of your quivering arse has over stimulated me."

Walking round to Mary's head he started to untie the gag. "Mary, I am going to
remove you gag but if you start screaming I will have to replace it. Do you
understand?" Mary nodded. Her crying and sobbing became louder once her mouth
was clear but she didn't scream.

Between sobs she blubbered, "You bastard. That was cruel. I doubt I have any
flesh left."

"Oh you do Mary. I did what I promised. That part of your debt is paid in full.
I will not thrash you again for it but of course I still have you as my
plaything for another thirteen days and if you misbehave or are disobedient then
I am sure you will earn some more discipline but it will not be as severe unless
you do something really terrible." He brought his hand down to lightly pat her
arse which brought a loader cry from Mary's lips. "I may also spank you just for
my pleasure."

"I'm going to untie you now. Remain lying on the table until I help you up."
Vernon released the rope ties from her wrists. "Lie still for a moment while I
undo the ankles," he ordered as she immediately began to writhe across the table
top. Kneeling to undo the remaining ropes his face was again at the level of her
burning arse. He couldn't resist the temptation to kiss it and then to plant one
deeply on her cum seeping cunt. Mary, now utterly inured to what was happening
to her, did nothing, said nothing, she just continued sobbing.

With her ankles now free Vernon put is arms around her shoulders and helped her
to rise and stand. She winced as the movement brought further pain to her
buttocks. He held her upright for some moments with her breasts squashed tightly
against his chest. She cried against his shoulder until it seemed no more tears
would come, only a low sobbing noise from her throat. Her hands carefully
explored her sore flesh and finding it wet and sticky cried in alarm, "I am
bleeding! You did strip my skin."

"No, that is the aloe vera cream. Look at your hands."

She did and found he was correct. Still holding her tightly, Vernon kissed her
forehead. Then planted one on the tip of her nose. After a few seconds pause he
kissed her again fully and hard on her lips. Mary tried to draw back but was
held by Vernon's arms. "Don't resist me. Kiss back. We will do this a lot during
the next two weeks so get used to it. You may even enjoy the feeling. It doesn't
hurt." He kissed her again and this time she didn't try pull away but stayed
passively still. "Mary, I am sorry your first fuck wasn't as good or as
fulfilling as I would have liked but it may have been for the best. Your
virginity is out of the way and your backside didn't have to withstand a long
pounding. There will be plenty of other times and by then you may begin to get
the pleasure from it like your romantic novels lead you to believe.

Still holding her to his body, her head on his shoulder he spoke quietly in her
ear. "Mary, you had your punishment and I don't want to prolong your pain
although I cannot take it away. What I am going to do now is to give you a
couple of Anadin's to help relieve the pain and take you into the shower and
clean us both up. Maybe the warm water will take a little of the fire from your
arse. Then I will spray the area with the same type of spray used to treat
severe burns which should help further. I don't expect you will wish to go out
for dinner so we'll knock up some soup. After that we will do whatever comes.
Anyway that is the plan. We will see what develops as we go along."

It would take a little while for the analgesic tablets to kick in and even then
perhaps the amount they would reduce the pain might be minimal. Maybe their help
would be more psychological than real. Vernon didn't know but decided to assume
they would. He removed all the cuffs, belt and collar ready for the short walk
to the shower but even that was a painful experience. By now though she was
becoming used to being naked alongside and equally naked man, in fact with the
hell fire pain in her arse, that seemed the least of her worries.

With warm water running over her Mary began to relax a little but was
apprehensive when Vernon started to apply soap and to sponge her face. Gradually
he washed down her back and then turned his attention to the breast area,
massaging her tits until the nipples stood firm. After the thrashing, this felt
good even though just a few hours ago she would have strongly rejected the
attention.

Vernon continued to wash down the front of her body, paying special attention to
cleaning the hymeneal blood and his cum from her cuntal area. He kissed her clit
and sucked it until that too became rigid. At last a little response. Turning
Mary around he started washing the backs of her legs. She went rigid as he
reached the top of her thighs. "No, please, please do touch me there," she
cried.

"It's okay Mary, I don't intend to hurt you further. I told you that. Just bend
forward a little more so the water runs over it freely."

"Now its your turn." Passing the sponge to Mary he knelt so that she could wash
his face and then stood so to give her access to his body. "Let me help you to
kneel," he offered, "Then you will be able to wash my arse and cock and
afterwards to kiss and suck it like I did to you."

Very hesitantly Mary started to wash his legs and then after further
encouragement, she reached for his cock. At first Mary handled it like a piece
of fragile porcelain and while she did kiss it, she was very reluctant to put
more than the very tip in her mouth. "You will have to do better than that," he
told her, "By tomorrow evening I want you taking it right in to the back of your
throat."

"But Vernon, bending like this stretches the skin on my bottom and it hurts
terribly."

"Sorry, dear, we'll try it another way later." He helped her up, turned the
water off and dried gave her a large towel. After giving himself a brisk
toweling he left the shower and returned a few moments later wearing a dressing
gown and slippers. He brought an expensive looking dressing gown for her. "Here,
see if this fits. Much as I would like to keep you completely naked the whole
time, its not practical in this old farmhouse. I'll get your slippers?"

He returned with them in one hand and a can of spray in the other. "It seems to
fit you well enough, Mary but I should have used this before you put it on."
Vernon lifted the back hem of the gown and had Mary hold it up above waist
height. "I am told the spray should be very soothing. Say if it isn't. In any
case it should help the skin to heal."

He sprayed her buttocks area liberally and as she didn't cry out or even
complain he assumed it was soothing. "Okay?"

"Yes, thank you. It's just feels a little cold."

"Keep holding the clothing up until the spray dries." Understanding the reasons
for doing so, she complied. "You know something, Mary? That is a very
provocative pose!" grinned Vernon.




Chapter 4. Aftermath

Returning to the main room Vernon filled and plugged in the kettle. "Mary, I
know you're sore and you will not wish to sit down but it may help you if you
give me a hand to prepare some food. Normally I don't eat much tinned food but
for tonight I suggest we open a tin of soup and add some of the fresh vegetables
Mrs. Harris left. There is some new bread too so we won't starve. Tomorrow we
can plan a better menu."

Mary wasn't really of much help. Standing for more than a few moments required
something to lean on to take the weight from her legs and she didn't dare try
sitting. Moving caused the soft material of her robe to rub against the sore
flesh. Although she didn't really feel like eating, Mary did have some of the
soup and tried to help with the cleaning up. Vernon re-arranged the cushions on
the settee to allow her to lie on her belly in reasonable comfort and then
brought the armchair alongside so they could talk. Her turned her head so she
faced him. Conversation was stilted at first but once they started talking of
their walking experiences the ice was broken and gradually they talked of more
intimate things.

Vernon probed deeper into the reasons why she chose rape as her means of getting
money and gradually learned she had rape fantasies. She didn't seem able to
attract a boyfriend so imagined herself being captured by pirates, or surprised
by burglars, or sold in a Turkish market where she knew plumper girls were much
more in favour. In most of these situations, she was the only female available
and had no choice in what they did to her. One of the reasons for Vernon's
success in management was his ability to elicit information and by his quiet
digging into Mary's thoughts soon realised she felt very inadequate about her
looks and therefore never tried to enhance them. Her mind said she was a 'plain
Jane' so that it what she would be. Her sex life was thus limited to fantasy
masturbation in bed when she could be anywhere and anyone.

Suddenly she surprised Vernon by turning the tables. "What do you get out of
hurting a woman? Do you fantasize about it at night?" Vernon, who had been
gently massaging Mary's neck, stopped and was going to make a dismissive reply
but then decided to go with it as she had done with him. Mary might be a plain
looker but she was able to get the information from him easily and efficiently a
fact that Vernon noted for future reference.

During her questioning she asked, "Did you enjoy thrashing me?"

"Yes and no. I enjoyed the feeling of power at having absolute control over you.
Had I wished I could have beaten you senseless. I liked the way your flesh
reacted to the tawse and cane and as you know it stimulated me sexually, but
always behind this was a revulsion that it was causing you great suffering. With
fantasies, while you imagine the victim is screaming in pain, the suffering is
somewhat suppressed and glamorised. And once a climax is reached the fantasy is
ended, the pain ceases. It all ends. Perhaps it is the same with your rape
fantasies. In reality as you obviously can feel, the pain goes on. it can't be
turned off."

Mary agreed and asked if that meant he would no longer carry on with her ordeal.
Vernon thought for a few moments, laughed and said, "That was a very clever
move. No, I think we should play this out to the bitter end to either bring us
together or drive us far apart. Without going the whole way we will never know.
In any case you still have to repay your debt to me. What is does mean is that I
will never thrash you again at least not unless I am driven to it by anger. I
may well spank or try out the flogger for other indiscretions but not to give
you severe pain."

"I don't think my bottom will ever be able to withstand a spanking let alone the
flogger!"

"Now look at what all this talk has done to me." Vernon opening his dressing
gown to reveal his prick standing fully erect. "This is one reason I am not
going to end your punishment. Your rape scenario is going to continue but I am
going to try to give you some pleasure from it this time too."

"Please, I'm too sore."

"You are mine for two weeks remember? If you resist, I can always tie you down
again." Vernon hardened his voice. "Do I need to tie you? Mary shook her head,
no.

Vernon grasped her ankles and pulled Mary so her body remained on the settee her
legs draped over the arm of the settee and hung down to the floor. A couple of
cushions over the arm raised her body to the height he required. "Relax. Let
your body try and enjoy the sensations."

Gently Vernon spread her thighs, his mouth kissed her cunt and his tongue slowly
licked along her slit. Gradually he eased it in her opening until he felt a
little response. Closing his lips on her clit and sucking vigorously he
stimulated Mary's sexual drive which he now realised was nowhere near as
suppressed as had first thought. Several times Mary winced as his fingers
touched sore flesh but the stimulation overpowered any thought of resistance.
Vernon stood, placed his rampant prick at her entrance and pushed. She was very
tight but more lubricated than when he entered a few hours ago. The inside of
her vagina was still sore from losing her maidenhead but she didn't complain.
Entering her cunt for about half the length of his prick, Vernon fucked her with
short evenly spaced strokes. Gradually the strokes lengthened and penetrated
deeper until he was fully in and his pubic hair hit sore parts of her arse with
every lunge. This caused pain but she only moaned a little and Vernon in full
rut was past caring. He drove on. Suddenly Mary gave a short cry that was
distinct from the pain moans. "Oh, my God!" She had climaxed. Vernon still had a
little way to go and continued to bury and remove his prick from her tight cunt.
Soon though he too came. He collapsed over her body and lay there for short
while, his softening cock still inside her.

"Please get up Vern." It was the first time she had shortened his name. The
weight of his body on he arse was having its effect. She didn't want to lose the
physical contact but the pain was too much.

Vernon kissed and licked the juices from her cunt then helped her back into her
original position on the settee. "That was beautiful," he said, "Your first real
fuck. Did you enjoy it?"

Their earlier conversations had produced a rapport that enabled her to answer
with some honesty. "Yes, on the whole I did. Most of the time the sensations
were good. Only when the pain was too intense did it nullify the pleasure."

"Did you enjoy it when I licked you afterwards?"

"Yes but I thought it a bit weird that you would want to do it. My romantic
novels sometimes suggested it but ...."

"Suck my cock."

Mary looked at the sticky cock now aimed at her mouth. "Urgh, no, I couldn't."

"What I did to you, you are going to do to me." Vernon grasped her hair and
pulled her face to his crotch. "Open right up. Take it all in."

Reluctantly Mary obeyed. It wasn't as unpleasant as she anticipated. She sucked.

When he pulled away Vernon remarked, "That wasn't too bad was it? Remember when
at my house I gave you the conditions I said I would have you in any way? This
was one of the ways I meant. You will suck me off when I need it. Now you
realise it isn't too unpleasant, it shouldn't be a problem."

Vernon climbed on the settee alongside Mary. He allowed her to lie over him.
They cuddled. He fondled her tits. They were all sensations Mary had never
known.

"You know something, Mary? In a way I am glad you had the mad idea to blackmail
me."

"Vern, I think I am going to be glad too at least when the soreness in my bum
subsides!"

Before retiring for the night, Vernon gave Mary another couple of Anadin's and
re-sprayed her buttocks. He would rather have rubbed cream on the sore flesh but
decided that would cause unnecessary extra pain. He also realised using the
toilet was going to be a problem. Removing her dressing gown in the bathroom and
holding her under the armpits he supported her in a crouching position without
touching the seat. She was very embarrassed at having to perform in front of him
but wasn't given any choice in the matter and the alternative was too painful to
contemplate.

They both slept without clothing, she partially on her stomach and cuddled up to
him. It was a restless night for both. She because of her sore rear, the strange
bed but most of all because for the first time in her life she was sleeping with
another person in bed with her and that person was a man. More than that, they
were both naked and each time their bodies touch she felt a fire spark jump
between them.

The pain in Mary's buttocks returned sometime after 2 a.m. She tried to rub the
area without disturbing Vernon who in the pale glow of the night light, appeared
to be quietly sleeping. Her movements woke him. "What's up? Can't you sleep?"

"The pain in my bum has come on again. Sorry I tried not to disturb you."

"Slave girl, you have dared to wake your master just because you have a sore
arse! An arse I made sore for a good reason. How shall I deal with that?

Mary couldn't tell if he was serious and angry or just acting. For a moment, as
Vernon switched on the light, she looked frightened. "Sorry....," she started
before he interrupted. "Get up, put the kettle on and while that is boiling
bring the pot of aloe vera cream." He watched as she walked stiffly to the
electric kettle, filled it and switched it on. She threw a tea bag in each cup,
picked up the cream and returned to the bedroom.

"You're walking a little better than you were. A bit stiff but at least you
didn't need support," he observed as he applied the cream. "Stay there, I'll do
the tea," he said after hearing the kettle click off, "I have to wash my hands
anyway."

Drinking a mug of tea in bed with a sore backside was not the easiest thing to
do but Mary managed by laying on her side. For a while they sipped the drink in
a silence broken only by the howling wind and the noise of the rain on the
windows. Vernon nodded to the window and remarked, "The rain will give us a good
excuse for not going out walking tomorrow." Their tea finished Vernon turned off
the light. "Come here slave girl, pay back time for waking me."

Vernon grabbed her arms and pulled them either side of his head. In this
position her white breasts were dangling in front of his face. His lips found a
nipple and sucked. It quickly hardened. He repeated the process with the other.
"You really are a sexy little puss. I have known many glamour girls who don't
react anywhere near as quickly. Slave girl, I think you have been one very
frustrated woman but that is now about to change. I can't have a slave of mine
being frustrated can I?"

Mary was blushing again although in the limited light, Vernon couldn't see it.
Deep down she realised he was probably right but was loath to admit it. Perhaps
that is why I love romantic novels and have a propensity to masturbate reading
the juicier parts in bed she thought.

"Am I right, Mary?"

"I   don't   know," she stammered, "My mind's a whirlwind of thoughts, my body
says things I cannot yet understand. It has all happened so quickly. A week or
two ago, I never thought my life would change much. I had never seen a man's
...thing ... penis." "Prick or cock," Vernon interjected, "Now, I'm laying naked
on top of a man who is also naked, a man who was almost unknown to me a
fortnight ago" continued Mary.

"A man you tried to trick though!"

"I really am very sorry about doing that, but in a way, like you said last
night, I too am not sorry. Despite the thrashing, I am enjoying being with you.
Being your slave girl. It is producing sensations in me that I never knew
existed and haven't experienced on my own." She bent down and kissed his
forehead, pulled away for a few seconds and then kissed him tentatively on the
lips. When she pulled away again, she was pulled back and their lips met hard
and each began to hungrily to mouth the other's lips. Vernon pushed his tongue
into her mouth and when Mary reciprocated, their mouths were the site for a mini
tongue battle.

"Can you feel how this has aroused me?" Vernon enquired.

"I can feel your ... er .. cock hard against my belly. Does that mean you want
to do it again?"

"Do what again?"

"Oh, you know, it ......fuck"

"This time slave girl, you are going to do the fucking. Put your hand down and
put me inside you and then work yourself up and down on it." It took a little
while for Mary to get to grips with the rhythm which in any case wasn't too easy
for her as the bedclothes rubbed her bottom. After some minutes though she got
into the swing of it. It didn't take long for her to climax but as it was his
third time in a relatively few hours, Vernon was able to hold himself back and
enjoy the sensation for a much longer time. Mary had worked up a good sweat so
that when Vernon finally ejaculated she collapsed on top of him, breathless.

They lay like that for a while, each in their own thoughts until the weight on
Vernon's body caused him to try and raise Mary a little. "Mary, that was great.
Really great. Thanks."

"I enjoyed it too," she replied in a voice that indicated that she thought she
shouldn't have enjoyed it.

"I'll get a towel and dry us off, then perhaps we had better try and get some
sleep."

"Can you put a little more cream on me when we're dry. I think I rubbed most of
the last lot off on the sheet!"




Chapter 5. Problems at work

Both awoke a little before seven a.m. showered together with much less shyness
than on the previous evening and clad only dressing gowns and slippers, made a
simple breakfast. Mary's arse showed all the colours of a rainbow and walking
even with just a dressing gown covering was still somewhat painful and she was
dreading having to put trousers on. Luckily the rain still came down in
torrents. They wouldn't have to go out.

She tried sitting on the toilet and found the pain just about bearable even so
she stood to eat breakfast. "What are we doing today, Vern?"

"You, probably," he laughed, "First though, I think we will clear up here, see
exactly what Mrs. Harris left us to eat and make a list of what we might need. I
must also contact the office." Then he asked, "Who gave you permission to
shorten my name?"

"Sorry, it just seemed a natural thing to do. Do you object?"

"Oddly enough with you I don't. I said oddly because one girl I had tried to use
it and made it sound demeaning. You don't. Funny that."

"I'll clear up while you do the office stuff."

"You must be mad. Its only 8.30. The office won't expect to hear from me when I
am up here with a girl before midday."

"If they are not expecting a call until late morning, why don't you do it now
and see it they are really at work? It might keep them on their toes. Remember I
am a real secretary, as well as a slave girl, and I know what goes on in
offices."

"I'll try it and see." He phoned the office. No reply. Left a message for Sonja
to contact him immediately she arrived. An hour later the phone rang. Mary
picked up the receiver. "Good morning, Mr. Rocher's secretary speaking. How may
I help you?"

Vernon stopped his electric shaver when the phone rang and smiled at Mary's
statement but thought to himself, "I haven't given you the job yet young lady."

"Sonja, what time do you call this? You should have been in the office an hour
ago."

"Sorry Sir, train was late again and then I had to wake Stuart and get him off
the office floor."

"Okay, Sonja, I'll believe you. If Stuart's there now put him on."

"Hi, Stuart, you must be having problems if you spent the night on the office
floor. What's up? Were you not able to fix the bug?"

"Well I didn't spend the night on the floor. I only put the cushions down at 5
am when my eyes wouldn't read the lines of text. Sonja just woke me. Yes, the
bug is being a bugger. It must be something early on in the programme that
throws later input into a loop but as yet I can't find it. I'm getting back to
it again right now. Will let you know if there is a breakthrough."

"Thanks Stuart, I know you will do all you can. It is just if we can't make the
weekend deadline we may have to close that part of the business and neither of
us want that. I know you are putting in all the hours you can. Thanks. Just give
it your best, I'll get Sonja to be your gopher - she may not like it but her job
is on the line too. Put her back on the line please."

"Ah Sonja, you know how important it is for Stuart to sort out the bug and by
Saturday and to get the contract here. As I told him......."

"I know, I know," interrupted Sonja, "I put on the speaker phone and I set up
this deal remember."

"Then you'll know that I want you to give him all the help you can, make him tea
whenever he wants it, go out and get bacon sandwiches and whatever else he
needs. Look after him."

"Okay, you're the boss. Of course I may have to draw the line at some of the
things he may need! They might exhaust him over much," Sonja laughed.

"Just keep your knickers and bra on then." Vernon too laughed into the phone.
Keep me updated. How's the weather where you are?"

"Sunshine."

"Still pouring here. Forecast is for it to brighten though. Be nice to get the
boots on a walk in the fresh air for a bit."

"I thought your 'secretaries' (she emphasised the word), only walked as far as
the car. Is she really a secretary? What's her name?"

"Yes, she is a real secretary and her name is Mary and at the moment she is only
on trial, a sort of probationary period."

"I can guess the sort of trial she is undergoing."

"You can't Sonja, you can't. But get on with looking after Stuart. Talk to you
later. Call me on my mobile if there is no answer on the house phone. Bye."

Mary having heard only one side of the conversation enquired, "What was that all
about? Are you likely to go bust too?"

"No Mary, Stuart is a computer programmer and had what seemed to be a brilliant
idea for a special business software which could save the multinational
companies millions of pounds in the way it deals with invoices and non payments.
I set up and financed a small company to develop it and we have one of the big
banks interested but because of their planning they need an on site
demonstration at 10 am Monday morning. Unfortunately something is stopping the
programme working in the way it should. If he can't fix it, then there is little
more we can do for the time being. The bank won't be interested until sometime
in the future and by then some other firm may have a similar idea. I need to
recoup the research and development outlay. Sonja is the 'paint your nails at
the desk' type secretary for that development. Her forte is selling the product
and she is very good at it. She set up the deal with the bank with the
assumption the programme would work.

The rain had eased a little which decided Vernon to get the computer in from the
car and do a little work. Mary walked with him and carried the printer. Her bum
made itself known but it wasn't overwhelmingly painful. Watching Vernon's 'hunt
and peck' typing Mary volunteered her services but was rejected on the grounds
that he made it up as he went along.

"I can do shorthand," Mary pointed out, "You tell me what you want to say, I'll
take it down and type it up then you can read it on screen or the print out."

"You are a real secretary. Can you do audio as well?"

"Yes, but I didn't see any equipment for it here."

They spent the morning routine working. What Mary's mother would have called
'busy work' - work that didn't have to be done right then but necessary to keep
them occupied. Mary sat uncomfortably on a chair built up with cushions. Vernon
was trying to get used to saying what he wanted Mary to type.

Midday a call came through from Stuart. He seemed excited but depressed at the
same time. His opening remark set the scene. "You want the good news or the bad
news?"

"Give us the good news."

"I've found the cause of the problem. It was a little sub-routine early on as I
suspected. I have put that right but there are so many referrals to it from
different parts of the programme and in different ways, that I have to go though
the whole damn thing a little at a time and alter all the references."

"You can't do a global change?" Vernon knew of course that had it been possible
Stuart would have already done it but wanted confirmation.

"No, Vernon, very few of he references are the same. I am just going to have to
work overnight again."

"Sorry, Stuart. It's just so important you get it done. I wouldn't even ask you
to do it if we didn't have to meet the deadline. Is Sonja looking after you
okay? Is she listening in?"

"Yes to both."

"Good, Thanks for all you have done. Sonja, look after him. Keep him awake as
long as is necessary. And Sonja you may be interested to know that this
secretary does shorthand. Real hooks and eyes."

"But does she have the body to go with them?" snorted Sonja.

Vernon made lunch while Mary completed the typing. He was pleased with her
skills and could see she would make him a good secretary if nothing else.
"Still," he thought, "I must get my pound of flesh first. I must not let her get
away with it." He had enjoyed the feeling of power he had over her last night
even though his sub conscious told him it was cruel or at least, very unkind.

During the late morning the rain had ceased and by after lunch a watery sun
shone from behind a veil of light cloud. The wind had eased too. "We'll go for a
walk when you've cleaned these dishes," Vernon announced. The footpaths will be
far too wet so we'll just wander around the lanes for a hour or two."

"I don't think I can walk very far at all. My bottom is too sore."

"It will be sorer still if I have to put you over my knee first. Now hurry up
and get those dishes done and then we'll get changed into our outdoor gear."
Vernon tried to make his voice sound angry but didn't quite achieve the tonal
quality he was after. It did have its effect on Mary though.

Vernon watched as Mary removed her indoor trousers. She had not been allowed
knickers so there was nothing to hide her raw flesh. "Please let me put some
knickers on before we go out. These walking trousers are thick and rough and
will chafe terribly. Please Vernon, please," she pleaded.

He saw the sense in her argument and relented. "Just while we are out." If
anything was to punish her arse it was to be his hand.

The first half mile was sheer agony for Mary but gradually the pain eased and
she was able to walk nearer to her normal gait. They made their way down the
hill and around the lanes to Malham Tarn. Reaching a part of the Pennine Way
that ran alongside the Tarn, Vernon asked it she wanted to stop and rest before
returning but Mary foresaw stopping would mean a long painful time starting
again and opted to return straight away.

Mrs. Harris spotted them as they passed her cottage and invited them in. "You
can come round the back and we'll sit in the kitchen. That way you'll not have
to worry about your boots."

Unfortunately for Mary, the chairs in the kitchen were all wood. No cushions on
the seats. Practical for farm work but not to sit on with a recently caned
backside. Involuntarily Mary let out a small, barely audible squeal when she sat
which immediately caught Mrs. Harris's attention. Mary blushed and almost gave
herself away but recovered to stammer the explanation she had slipped and sat
down heavily on a rock.

Tea and scones were produced and they chatted about the weather and farming
before Vernon announced it was time to get back because he had a phone call to
make. Getting up and starting to walk again was even worse than sitting down for
Mary. She had stiffened up and couldn't hide the fact although she tried to make
light of it by saying, "When I sit down on a rock I do sit down rather hard!"
Before allowing them to leave Mrs. Harris insisted on decanting some witch hazel
into a small bottle for her. Mary thanked her and said she would try it.

"It'll bring out the bruise dear," Mrs. Harris replied.

Back at the cottage Vernon teased her about the way she had squirmed on the
kitchen chair and then insisted on her removing the trousers and knickers for
him to inspect the damage and if necessary to apply the witch hazel. Mary lay
face down, over the side of the bed for the inspection. She felt Vernon's hands
gently rubbing the flesh. His hands while soothing in their way also sent pangs
of fire to her loins. Gently her parted her thighs and massaged this inner
flesh. Her mind wandered back a few days and reminisced that only a very short
time ago she was so shy she wouldn't have allowed anyone, certainly not a man,
to see her naked and caress her bottom. Had she really turned into a wanton slut
or was it she was just acting a slave girl part?

Suddenly her reverie was shattered as she felt the end of Vernon's prick
entering her cunt. It pushed its way fully in despite her being unprepared.
Vernon leaned over until he was lying on her back, his hands working their way
under her sweater until they caught hold of her tits. Squeezing them to help
hold her still, he began thrusting his cock in and out of her cunt, still tender
from the previous evening's ministrations. Slowly at first and then with
increasing power and speed his thrusts forced his body against her sore arse.
She cried out but Vernon was passed caring. His prick was ruling his mind. Every
contact with her flesh made Mary wince but gradually the pain and fire sparked a
warmth inside her body and it began to respond with her own lubricating juices.
Her cries of pain were now reduced to moans of pleasure. Was she a slut or a
slave girl actress? It didn't matter. She was a woman whose orgasm was nearing.
It exploded within her. Vernon however had already loosed several loads of sperm
into her since yesterday evening. He took much longer to produce enough power
for an emission and continued to pump his organ into her until she climaxed a
second time before he too was finished.

Both were soaked with sweat but they just lay there. He still on top with his
hands fondling her breasts. She lying with her legs over the bed side and
feeling the warmth of his weight on her. They would have lain like that for some
time had not the phone rang. "Damn," Vernon swore as he pulled himself away and
answered the call.

"Oh how's it going Stuart?"

"Slowly but it seems to be working. But there is a helluva lot to do. I found
the mistake and corrected it and then amended the correction, the programme
seems to be working much better than I first expected but I am only halfway
through. It will be at least midnight or more likely the early hours before I
can do a full test."

"Great. At least there is hope now. Do your best. Make sure Sonja keeps your
happy."

"If I did that he wouldn't get the job done at all," he heard Sonja call in the
background.

Stuart laughed. "Look," he said, "Unless anything goes wrong I will call you
again in the morning and then we will know how the full programme performed."

"Okay Stuart. Thanks for all you are doing. And don't do anything with Sonja
that I wouldn't do!"

Mary was sitting up when he return to the bedroom. "Get undressed slave and come
to the shower. I have the need of a good wash. When we're done, I'll try the
witch hazel"

"Is the programme working?" she ventured.

"Not yet but it will be my morning. At least we hope it will be."

"That's good."

"Why is my slave saying that? What difference will it make to her?"

"Umm. This slave will want a job at the end of her retribution holiday and if
the boss loses a lot of money, he may not want me." Vernon was about to say
something when she added, "And if the programme does go wrong my master may be
even more mean with me than he is now."

"I will be mean with you anyway. I still haven't received full recompense for
what you did to me and I know I have said it before but I will have my pound of
flesh - your flesh." Again although he tried to sound angry, his voice had a
softness behind it which Mary detected.

"I shall have to be very careful," she thought, "He may try to simulate anger
that he does not really feel and try to enhance it."




Chapter 6. Reading lesson

The evening was spent sitting around by the fire in their dressing gowns
watching TV and talking. For much of the time Vernon fondled and suckled Mary's
breasts. For her part Mary, when instructed fondled and suckled Vernon' cock but
after the earlier exertions it didn't get more than half hard. Still the
experience was pleasant enough and it was a great feeling to have her kneeling
between his legs with her mouth around his cock just because he had ordered her
to do it.

Around nine o'clock Vernon decided to try something different. "You proved you
can type and do shorthand but can you read?"

The question puzzled Mary and she was uncertain as to where this was leading.
"Yes? I read the documents you gave me didn't I?"

"I mean read out loud Mary. Read stories. Read them with passion and emphasis.
Not just mouthing a monologue of words."

Still uncertain as to where this was leading, Mary said she used to read to her
mother when she was ill.

"Well slave girl, you are going to have to do that again now for my benefit."

Vernon rummaged in a case in the bedroom and returned with a paperback book with
a lurid cover. A Silver Moon book. A BDSM book.

"I told you back home that one of the reasons for offering you this way of
paying for your crime was because I had a fantasy interest in bondage and in
particular with corporal sexual punishment. These sort of books stimulated these
fantasies and while I know that some of the punishments described are wildly
exaggerated they have provoked many a good hard-on when I have been on my own.
Now as part of your retribution agreement, I want you to read passages out loud
to me while we both lie naked in bed. Perhaps later we will enact some of the
scenes." He thumbed through a few pages and handed Mary the book at open at a
page describing how a young girl was set upon by two youths as she walked
through a deserted park.

Mary's face was a picture of horror as she glanced down the page. "I couldn't
read this. Its disgusting. Revolting. Please don't make me."

"You can read it. You will read it and you will read it as though you are really
there. And if you don't....." Vernon lifted the back of her dressing gown and
gave her tender bum a none too gentle slap.

"Ooowww!" that hurt. "Why did you do that? Didn't you beat that area hard enough
already."

"You've only been here a day and a half and in that time you have changed
considerably from the shy prurient woman of last weekend. You have received a
lot of pain and some pleasure too. That's what BDSM is all about pain and
pleasure combined. I'll admit that yesterday was not the ideal way to introduce
you to the pleasures of BDSM, it really was a punishment and meant to be. In
future hopefully the pain levels will not be as severe but the pleasure levels
will be greater. I have twelve days more in which to explore the possibilities
and explore them I will. Now get into the bed and start reading. At least
reading will not cause any pain. Embarrassment and humiliation perhaps but not
pain. There will only be pain if you do not read!"

They sat together in bed, Vernon's right arm around Mary's back with his right
hand manipulating her right nipple. His left hand fondled and squeezed her left
tit. Mary was already becoming aroused. She hesitantly began to read, then as
her confidence and arousal grew she became more fluent and added more emphasis
to the words, just as he had asked.

The rape scene was described in full graphic detail. The terrified girl was
repeatedly penetrated anally, orally and virginally by their massive cocks. Four
and a half pages later when the girl had been left naked on the grass to find
her on way home, Mary felt herself become very horny. The text had turned her
on. I was not unlike some of her dream rapes. Her fantasy rapes formed in the
night when she was alone in bed. The books she read were nowhere near as graphic
and would have covered the whole episode in less than a page.

Vernon's left hand had forsaken her tit in favour of her cunt. Massaging the
labial lips produced a copious flow of moisture. Mary's left hand, slid down
Vernon's body and lightly stroked his near hard cock until fully rigid and
rampant. "Fuck me," she cried. She was getting used to using the fuck word
especially as it had occurred several times in the book text. In no time at all,
they were rutting away like a couple of animals in heat. This time she didn't
care that she felt each of his thrust as a pain in the arse. It all helped bring
her to a higher level of orgasm.

Lying together after a short recovery period, Vernon started to explore Mary's
feelings on the rape scene and why she was so aroused by it. "I think you
actually enjoyed the story, didn't you?" he asked.

"Yes and no," she replied. "I liked the way the girl was forced to have sex. She
didn't have to make the decision herself but behind it all I could feel a little
of her terror and torment. Yesterday you sort of raped me but in a way that was
very different. I knew you, or at least I have for the past few days. I trusted
you not to cause me any real harm whereas the girl was attacked by strangers who
could easily have killed her in the most horrific way. That is fine for fiction.
Reality would be very different. The descriptions of the different sex acts
stimulated me and I think you too, partly because they were unreal. However good
the text and graphic descriptions they would pale into insignificance if one saw
it happen for real. Then I think it would be a turn off. My imaginary rape by
you on the footpath at home was fictionalized like that and if it had actually
happened I now believe I would have been severely traumatised. Probably I would
now be in an institution under going psychiatric treatment or at least
undergoing conselling." Mary finished her discourse. She amazed herself. A week
ago she was never close enough to anyone, not even her mother, to reveal her
feelings like that.

An arm snaked behind Mary's back and pulled her close. They kissed. "As I said
before Mary, one reason I wanted you here as a sex slave was to try and find out
how close we could get to the fiction of BDSM without the pain being a turn-off.
Some pain seems good, like just now when we were fucking, I could see you wince
every time I rammed my cock fully in but that pain also seemed to turn you on.
Correct?"

"Yes, it did," she whispered.

"We'll explore that more another day." Vernon turned out the light. They
snuggled close and drifted into sleep.

Mary, always an early riser was up first and re-lit the fire which had gone out
before making tea and getting the pan ready for bacon. As if he smelled the tea
being made, Vernon awoke. "Morning Mary, what's the weather going to be like
today?"

"I didn't put the wireless on in case it woke you but its not raining but its
somewhat misty. That could clear later."

"If it does, we'll put in a few walking miles. Let's see if your arse is up to
it. Show me."

Mary lifted the back of the dressing gown. Her arse was still very colourful
although some of the tawse marks were fading to a greenish yellow. The stripes
from the cane were still vivid. Pressing the still tender flesh he noted she
only flinched when he pressed on of the sorest stripes. He remarked, "You'll
live. Perhaps the exercise will help. Anyway we can't leave until I've washed,
shaved and heard from Stuart. Would you like to make up some sandwiches and a
flask of Ribena to take with us?"

Nine o'clock the phone rang. Once again Vernon was in the bathroom and Mary
answered it in her sing-song voice, "Good morning, Mr. Rocher's secretary
speaking. How can I help you?"

"Good morning, Mr. Rocher's secretary," Sonja sang back, "And who is Mr.
Rocher's secretary these days?"

"Mary Curtis, ma'am." Mary blurted out her name without thinking.

"Not THE Mary Curtis who .....? But of course it must be. The dirty old devil!"
Mary heard Sonja almost talking to herself at the other end of the line.

"This is Sonja, is Vernon available or have you worn him out?" Laugher followed
her comment.

Mary couldn't help blushing but answered calmly, "Yes. I recognised your voice
Sonja. Vernon is just coming out of the bathroom now. Here he is."

"Morning Sonja, you're in earlier today! How's things?"

"I'm here early because I haven't been home. Had to spend the night on the floor
with Stuart!"

"Ooooh very cosy"

"Not very," Sonja laughed, "Stuart finished the corrections about 3 a.m. then
had run the programme a few times to check it  We didn't get our heads down till
after five a.m. and by then we were dead tired and just went to sleep - and
there isn't much room on the office cushions for two people!"

"You'll survive Sonja, and live to talk about it for months to come. Is the
speaker phone on?"

"Yes, and Stuart is listening."

"Well done Stuart, and you too Sonja. Thanks for every thing. Is everything okay
for the demo now?"

"Stuart's part is. He has only to make back-up copies and the like.
Unfortunately, the way the programme runs now is much different to the computer
presentation I put together and I must spend this morning re-vamping and
re-making it. Perhaps now it's my turn to have Stuart as my gopher? I really
could do with someone fetching me coffee and croissants."

"What do you say Stuart?"

"Anything for a quiet life! But she is right, the presentation does need
altering and I can help with the scans as well as being the coffee maker."

"Sonja, I hate to ask this, and it is not that I don't trust your judgement but
could you or rather would you bring your presentation here so I can see it
please? I know its a long way and if you say no I won't hold it against you but
if you can then I would like to see it."

"Okay, if I can get it done in time to get there in daylight, I hate those
narrow lanes in the dark. And then I will get to meet your would be rapist! I
know Stuart wants to get to the football this afternoon so his help will speed
things up."

"Thanks Sonja. We look as though we will be able to get a few miles of walking
in today but if we are not back, Mrs. Harris will either entertain you or let
you in. We will be back long before dark unless something untoward happens. Hope
to see you later then. Bye." Vernon replaced the phone. "We may have some
company tonight," he said to Mary, "Sonja hopes to get here and show us her
presentation for he computer programme."

"Will she stay the night?"

"Yes, it will be late afternoon before she arrives and she will not drive around
here in the dark."

"Will she sleep in your bed?" Vernon noted a hint of anxiety and jealousy in her
voice.

"I expect so," Vernon replied, "it won't be the first time."

"So I had better make the bed up in the other room for myself."

Vernon laughed. "No, I don't think that will be necessary. There's room for
three and I doubt if Sonja will mind. And you, my little slave girl don't have a
choice." Seeing she was shocked by this he gave her a quick kiss on the
forehead. "Now get ready to go out, the mist seems to be lifting but I don't
think it will be a day for walking over the tops. The mist could come back very
quickly."

"She knows who I am, Vernon. She knows. She knows what I did! I can't face her.
Why did you tell her?"

"I didn't tell her I had offered you this alternative to court action but she
initially liaisoned with Mr. Rodrick when I was still planning legal action. I
only told her I had dropped the charges. You can meet her. You will face her and
she will certainly see what I have done to you. If it embarrasses you then
consider it part of the retribution. Sonja will probably be more interested than
offended. Now get changed, we are going out."




Chapter 7. Sonja's test

Arriving back about 3 p.m. pleasantly tired after a very enjoyable 12 miles walk
along quiet lanes and footpaths, Mary's bottom was becoming rather sore from the
chafing of her trousers but she wasn't complaining. The day had been bright but
very cold but walking kept them warm and the scenery superb. Both had enjoyed
their day out. It was such a contrast to life in the house where Mary felt she
was definitely a slave girl. Outdoors she was his equal. Each helped the other,
shared lunch and cups of hot drink.

Sonja had arrived a only few minutes earlier and was still in her car debating
whether to wait or go back to Mrs. Harris' place. After brief introductions
Vernon took Sonja's cases and they all went inside. Sonja watched as Vernon and
Mary dropped their rucsacs and took their outdoor muddy boots off in the porch.

"You really have been walking," Sonja commented, "I half wondered if it was a
ploy to have a day of nooky alone. Oooh its cold in here."

"We're sweating from the climb up the hill," replied Vernon "But Mary will light
the fire and I'll put up the central heating. You can put the kettle on and make
the tea for us and coffee for you of course."

Mary and Vernon had kept their outdoor clothing on until the fire was blazing,
the tea was brewing and the central heat was coming through. When they removed
their coats and big sweaters, Sonja noted sweat patches showing through the
backs of their shirts. "You two had better shower," Sonja remarked wrinkling her
nose to add emphasis to her suggestion, "I'll bring your tea through when its
ready."

"Come on Mary," Vernon laughingly said as he grabbed her arm, "We'd better get
cleaned up before there are more complaints about the smell!"

"You go first," Mary whispered in his ear. Vernon just continued pulling her
into the shower.

Closing the bathroom door Mary whispered, "Will she really bring the tea in
here?" and when given an affirmative answer she murmured, "But she will see me.
She will see what you did."

"If she doesn't see it now she will later. Better to get it over with."

Mary was washing Vernon's back when Sonja brought the tea. Placing the tray on a
stool she peeked around the shower curtain and came face to face with Mary's
colourful rear now somewhat accentuated by the hot water running over areas the
trousers had chafed. "My God, did he do that to you?" and without waiting for an
answer launched into a tirade at Vernon. "You perverted sadistic bastard. I can
see now why you dropped the charges, you just wanted to blackmail her into
letting you thrash her and fuck her. You wanted a sex slave. She had a choice of
prison or this. What a choice. But now the choice is really yours Mary. You can
sue him for grievous bodily harm and get your money that way."

"What would you have done then?" retorted Vernon, "Would you have left Rodrick
and his cronies to pursue the matter to its bitter end while keeping aloof from
her plight? Would you not have even listened to her story? You know the reason
she did it was because she was broke. Hounding her legally would have almost
certainly have sent her to prison and how would she have fared there? Claiming
damages would have made the Rodrick partnership richer and would have given me a
few paltry pounds but her house and its contents would have been sold to pay the
debt. She would have come out of prison penniless and homeless, with a criminal
record and very few prospects of getting a job. Was not mine a better
alternative than yours. She did have a choice and this is what she chose and
agreed to."

"You know very well that such an agreement could never be legally enforced apart
from being made under duress. You just wanted a woman to do things to a normal
person would not have allowed even for money. Mary you need to........"

"Shut up! The pair of you." Mary's shout interrupted the bickering pair.
Forgetting about her nakedness in her anger, she turned and faced Sonja whose
eyes took in the large tits and hairy, unshaved mound. "Look Sonja, I might have
been a desperate fool to think I could get away with the rape allegations but I
am not altogether stupid. Vern explained very clearly what he intended to do to
me. How he was going to thrash me. How I wouldn't be able to sit comfortably for
days afterward. How he was going to keep me as a slave for two weeks. I admit I
didn't realize at the time just how much hell and pain the punishment would
cause but once he started I had no choice. It seemed to go on for hours but it
was only a few minutes. Then there was more pain as he took me. But when it was
all over he did his best to comfort me and ease my suffering. I knew when I
signed it the agreement wasn't legal but neither was what I had done to him. The
thrashing has taken away some of the guilt I felt. It was a painful way of
exorcising the guilt but that part is over. I'm still sore but I can bear it and
get some enjoyment from other activities like the walk today." Sonja was about
to butt in but Mary continued, "You, Sonja, are a beautiful woman not a fat, shy
frump like me. Until I came here I had never had a real boyfriend and the only
people I knew were in the office and they were elderly. I was also very shy and
would never have dared to speak to another like I am doing to you now. Since
being here I have experienced pain but a lot of pleasure too. I don't regret how
this has turned out so far."

"On one point you are very wrong," Vernon interrupted, "You are not a fat frump.
Your figure might not grace the cover of Vogue but to me its more than
adequate."

Mary wasn't to sure of what he meant by the last remark but felt it was a
compliment. She continued, "It's been very unconventional but for the first time
I have experienced the love of a man. It may be naive to hope it might continue
after the agreement ends but at least I will have a job to go to. I am quite
resigned to submit for the next eleven days. Come what may. I started it. I got
what I deserved. So now you two can be friends again. Shake hands."

Sonja laughed, "I don't think this is a handshake job, its kiss and make up time
but that will have to wait until the water is turned off! Come on out, your teas
are getting cold - and so is my coffee."

Then on a more serious note she went on, "Mary, I have only once seen stripes
that bad on a person and that was on a man. His girlfriend was a dominant and at
a swingers couples party he bemoaned the fact that she rarely allowed him access
to her body. She retorted that he would only  let her spank his arse. She wanted
to use the cane. The upshot was that he agreed to take twelve strokes of the
cane if she gave her body to him completely for the weekend. In front of us all
she bent him over the back of an armchair and tied his hands to the front legs.
She laid the cane on good and hard and after only two strokes he had to be
gagged. At the end of six she stopped, waited a little while and then removed
his gag. She asked him if he would settle for six for an evening with her or did
he want to take the full dozen for the whole weekend. He agreed to the dozen.
When she finished he was in one helluva state and had to be helped up. I doubt
he could do much for the rest of the evening and when we met a month later we
could still see traces of the stripes. I know you said you want to carry on here
for the rest of the period but if you change your mind overnight, then you can
come back to London with me."

"Thank you Sonja, but I will stay. I must purge my guilt. I know I could go away
from here now and Vern could do little about it. I would only have to visit a
doctor and I might have real cause for blackmail. But I intend to stay and
fullfil my agreement. Thanks for offering though."

Vernon and Mary dressed in robes and slippers. That was more covering than she'd
had on when Sonja looked in the shower, she thought. "That was some speech you
made, Mary. You don't usually say many words at a time," Vernon commented. By
now they were back in the main room with Sonja and Mary declined to answer.

"Have you anything to put on Mary's bum Vernon?" enquired Sonja.

"Yes, there is witch hazel that Mrs. Harris gave us on the mantel."

"You didn't tell her?" Sonja sounded shocked, "It'll be all over the village."

"No, silly, Mary slipped and sat heavily on a rock."

"Good job she didn't inspect the damage," laughed Sonja, "She would have thought
it a peculiar shaped rock! Here give me the bottle. Bend over the back of this
settee Mary, then we can have a good look at the odd rock marks."

"There is also aloe vera cream and a spray in the bathroom."

"I think the cream would be better for the massage I had in mind," Sonja
grinned.

She applied the cream, gently, massaging the sore areas and more forcefully
between Mary's thighs and be cunt lips. Understandably Mary began to respond
despite her reservations about having a woman toy with her there. "She likes it
Vernon," Sonja stated, thrusting a finger into Mary's vagina and massaging its
internal depths. "You've a hot little piece here or perhaps not such a little
piece. These shy ones have hidden depths once they have been plumbed." Sonja
concentrated her massage on Mary's clitoris and her skilled fingers were not
long in bringing her to orgasm. "Was being wanked by a woman a first for you?"
enquired Sonja, rather crudely. Mary just nodded her head and blushed yet again.

"Well if you two ladies have finished playing, can I have a turn?" Vernon had
opened his robe to reveal an erect cock. He entered Mary.

"No! Not in front of her! Please. Please no." Mary appealed but it was too late
Vernon was already in and pumping steadily. Seeing the two ladies perform had
stimulated him and it as not long before he shot his load into her. Pausing for
a minute or two to regain his breath, he withdrew, walked to the other side of
the settee and presented his softening cock to Mary's mouth. She had done it
before but not in front of anyone else. She wouldn't open her mouth, not in
front of Sonja.

Crack! Sonja's hand solidly hit her poor arse. "Aaahh." She cried out in pain
but in doing so opened her mouth sufficiently for Vernon's cock to enter. It was
then too late to refuse and it took only a few minutes to clean the residue from
his spending and her lubrication. Vernon closed his dressing gown and allowed
Mary to get up. "Thanks, Mary. It was great. You really don't have to be
embarrassed in front of Sonja, you know. She's been there and done that. Now I
think we had better see Sonja's presentation or perhaps it would save time if
you cooked dinner for us."

"What shall I cook? The steaks in the fridge?"

"Whatever you feel like doing. I'm sure you'll produce something nice. Cook for
two and a half people - Sonja eats like a sparrow!"

Vernon and Sonja sat around the computer discussing the new presentation and
Stuart's alterations. From the exclamations, Mary guessed Vernon was very
pleased with the work both of them had done. Mary prepared and started the
vegetables cooking. Soon the smell from griddled steaks and frying onions made
them all feel hungry. "Open a bottle of red wine, Vernon please, That should go
well with the steak," Sonja requested. There was only white wine in the cupboard
so Vernon volunteered to pop down to the pub and get a bottle. He dressed
quickly and went to the door.

"Don't be long, I can't keep the steaks for many minutes without them getting
dried up," called Mary as he left. In any case she didn't really want to be left
alone with Sonja.

"If your plan had worked, how much were you going to demand from Vernon?" Sonja
asked.

"A �1,000 to tide me over until I got a job."

"Is that all? Some one would have paid that to take your virginity in a whore
shop. And you were prepared to send him to prison for that small amount?"

"That seemed a lot to me," Mary replied, "And I was going to drop the charges as
soon as he agreed to pay."

"You really are a naive little miss. You probably believe that you love him -
and that he loves you and that you will live happily ever after when the
fortnight is over. I doubt if Vernon sees it that way. I think the longest he
has kept a woman is about a month. He gets bored with them in a short while. He
enjoys getting them into bed but once the novelty of that is passed, he looks
for fresh conquests. I am sorry to have to say this but don't be surprised if he
dumps you when you return home."

With tears in her eyes Mary retorted, "You seem to have been together with him
for a while."

"Yes, but he knows I am a loner, a free spirit. I don't stick with any one
person. It was Stuart last night although there was only time for a quickie.
Vernon has to try and seduce me each time and of course we work together and
have to attend business meetings together."

"But he promised me a job when we get back."

"He'll keep his promise, I am certain of that. Did he promise a permanent job?"

"After a month's trial."

"Then I would wait until the end of that month before counting my chickens,"
said Sonja, "He may keep you on or he may not. All I am saying is, if he
promised you a month's work, then he will keep that promise but don't count on
anything after that as being a certainty."

Vernon had returned and heard the last remark. "So you two have been having a
little heart to heart talk while I was out of the way. By the watery look in
Mary's eyes it wasn't altogether to her liking. But to put your mind at rest
over the work Mary, from what I have seen of what you can do here, I think there
is little doubt I will offer you a permanent job if you want it. Did she also
offer to take you away again? No? Well she must have said something about my
having more women than you've had hot dinners." Sonja's hint of a smile told him
he was near to the truth. "What did she say Mary?"

"She said you would probably dump me after we got home."

"Mary, I promise you the job and Mary I do have feelings for you that I have not
had for most of the other women but after only three days I cannot promise that
I will have the same feelings at the end of the fortnight. We will just have to
see what develops."

"Stop the sermon, Vernon," sang Sonja, "And open the wine. Lets eat, drink and
be merry."

Sonja drank most of the wine. Vernon and Mary slowly sipped their one glass
each, neither of them caring too much for the taste but it went well with an
excellent meal. Vernon and Mary ate ravenously after walking in the fresh air
all day. Sonja picked at hers but ate most of what was on her plate. The
conversion returned to the presentation which left Mary on the sidelines and
feeling a little out of it. She washed up and was a little surprised when Vernon
left Sonja on the settee to help her dry dishes. "Don't take everything she says
to heart," Vernon whispered in her ear, giving her a hug at the same time.

Vernon stoked the fire and sat on the settee between the two ladies. He put his
arm around Sonja and said, "You now something Sonja?"

"What?"

"You and I are over dressed. Come on, get up and put your robe on."

"You want me to do a strip tease in front of innocent Mary?"

"No, in front of not so innocent me."

Sonja sorted in her suitcase for the robe and standing between the two occupants
of  the settee and the fire, slowly stripped off her town suit, blouse, bra and
knickers until she was completely naked. Mary almost wanted to look away but
with Vernon holding her close she didn't have the chance. Sonja twirled and
displayed her body to the couple. "What do you think, Mary?" she asked.

"You're very beautiful, Sonja, I wish I had a body like that."

"Don't keep putting yourself down, Mary," Vernon said a little crossly, "I have
said it before and I am saying it again, you have a very nice body. Not everyone
wants a beanpole."

"Thanks a lot Vernon," Sonja laughed as she picked up a cushion to throw at him.
Mary wondered why Sonja laughed so much. Perhaps it was just part of her bubbly
personality. Part of what was required of a personal assistant. Putting on her
robe Sonja told Vernon it was now his turn to do a strip tease. His robe was
still on the back of the chair where he'd left it to go for the wine so entering
into the spirit of things he danced around to the chair, stripping off his top
clothes as he went. Only when he returned to the fire did he remove his pants to
reveal a semi-hard cock.

"You can't keep a good boy down," remarked Sonja as she reached out to grab the
organ. "Come her boy, its time I felt you inside me." Sonja rolled lengthwise on
the settee so her head was in Mary's lap and her legs were overhanging the chair
arm. Spreading her legs wide she invited Vernon in and soon the pair were
rutting away like a pair of rabbits. Once he was well in, Sonja crossed her legs
behind Vernon's back and held him to her. Mary half watched. Part of her wanted
to look away in disgust, the other part was fascinated. She had never seen any
others make love - fuck. Sonja was screaming at him to do it harder, Vernon was
grunting away as he strove to fulfill her needs. Sonja came a minute or two
before Vernon and both lay together for a while. Indeed Vernon was held in
position by Sonja's entwined legs.

When they eventually parted Mary wondered if he would make Sonja suck him clean
like he made her. "No, no please," she cried as Vernon came and held his prick
toward her mouth. "It's been inside her surely you don't expect me to......"

"Yes, my little slave girl, I do and afterwards you will clean Sonja."

"Oh no."

"Remember what you promised earlier slave girl. I keep my promises, you must
keep yours however repugnant they may seem at first."

Mary opened he mouth and cleaned his organ as she had done before. "Now that
didn't hurt you and it wasn't too unpleasant was it?" Vernon enquired. Mary
shook her head. Vernon lead her to Sonja's still parted thighs. Sperm leaked
from her cunt. Mary tried to move away but Vernon was holding her. "Kneel," he
commanded.

Kneeling brought he face level with the dripping cunt. "You have already tasted
my spunk and found it not too unpleasant so get to it and clean Sonja. Tongue
out." He pushed her head until Mary's lips touched Sonja's cuntal lips. "Start
licking and give her a good time like she did to you."

Tentatively her tongue probed and licked the area around Sonja's vagina. Sonja
moaned, "Put in inside." Slowly, uncertainly Mary's tongue invaded the inside of
Sonja's cunt. The more she licked, the more Sonja moaned and writhed her body.
Her legs now tightly gripped around Mary's neck so she had no chance of moving
her head away by even a fraction of an inch. "Suck my clit." Mary knew from her
experience earlier that this would probably lead to an orgasm for Sonja and
release for her so she went about the task enthusiastically. Surprising herself,
she found her own pussy was becoming wet and she wanted to rub it  but her arms
were above the legs locked around her neck.

"Aaahh" Sonja cried out as she climaxed, "You're learning fast Mary. Thanks."
Released at last, Mary wanted to rub herself but was still too shy to do so in
front of the others. She got up and went to the loo, peed and then rubbed
herself a little but didn't think she could stay in there long enough to bring
herself off.

Returning to the settee she found the pair sitting as they had been earlier with
Vernon in the centre, Sonja on his right. Mary sat the other side. Soon Vernon's
arms pulled the pair close to him. They watched TV till 9 o'clock when Mary got
up to make hot chocolate. Sonja declined. She finished the wine instead. 9.30
and Sonja suggested an early night but Mary had reservations as to what that
might entail. It was a bit of a madhouse in the bathroom as the three of them
tried to clean teeth, piss, fiddle with hair. Mary had offered to wait but the
others wouldn't hear of it and dragged her in. All hung their robes on the peg
behind the door so they were only clad in slippers. Sonja claimed the loo first.
As she peed she grabbed Vernon's cock and put it in her mouth. It started to
harden. She took it out as she had a thought, "Has she had a drink from here
yet?"

"You can't mean to drink his ......" Mary looked alarmed and horrified.

"His piss, yes," confirmed Sonja.

"No, no you can't mean it."

"I hadn't planned on it for a bit but perhaps now is as good a time as any. But
first Sonja I think you ought to show her what to do. What do you think?" Vernon
asked.

This was not what Sonja had expected. She didn't really want to drink any
herself but didn't want to lose face by refusing. It wouldn't be the first time
she had tasted piss, one of her past girlfriends had introduced her to it but
Sonja didn't really enjoy it or the taste it left behind in her mouth.

"Okay," she said, "I'll show her with your first spurt and she can take the
rest."

"No, please, that's just too disgusting," Mary pleaded, "I can't do it. I won't
do it."

"Your little slave girl is getting stroppy, Vernon. Are you going to let her get
away with it or punish her until she does do as she is asked?"

Vernon thought Sonja was pushing Mary along a bit too hard but didn't want to
back down. Turning to Mary he asked, "Are you really refusing to do this?"

"Please Vernon, I can't do it. Don't make me. Please."

"Stay here," he ordered. Vernon went to the cardboard box and removed a pair of
wrist cuffs and the suede flogger. Mary struggled but with Vernon holding her it
was not difficult for Sonja to fasten Mary's hands behind her back. "Now Mary,
you must learn to be a proper slave for the next few days. You must do as I
order however repugnant and humiliating or unpleasant it may seem. I promised I
would not harm you permanently and I know drinking piss may seem unthinkable to
you as was many of the other things we have done in the last few days, but you
will do it. However, as a token of goodwill, I will drink yours first."

"Vernon, you can't mean it!"

"Stand in the shower." When she complied Vernon told her to spread her legs and
then noticing she still had her slippers on, removed them and his as well. Tear
were once again running down Mary's cheeks but Vernon took no notice. Instead he
knelt and placed his open mouth over her opening, his arms gripped her thighs.

"Give it to him Mary, "Sonja demanded.

"I can't, I can't. It won't come."

Swish. Crack! Sonja has swung the flogger and laid it across Mary's breasts. A
second strike followed. "Do it!" Sonja again demanded raising her arm as if
preparing for a third strike.

Red stripes appeared across both breasts. The pain was pretty intense but
nothing like the thrashing she'd had on the first day. Never-the-less she didn't
want any more and somehow she managed to let herself go. Vernon took it as a
matter of principle to keep his mouth open. He swallowed some of the liquid but
much ran down his face and down Mary's legs. He had never done this before and
didn't get much enjoyment from it. "Why did Sonja even suggest it?" he thought.
He kept his mouth to her cunt even after she had finished peeing, licking her
labial lips and sucking her clitoris hoping to stimulate and give her a little
pleasure but she showed no signs of response.

"Sit on the loo," he told her, "I've had my drink now it is the turn of the pair
of you." For the first time he really noticed the stripes across Mary's breasts.
Gently rubbing the sore area he turned to Sonja, "Was it necessary to hit her so
hard?"

"Yes, and it worked. She may even need another dose before she will accept
yours. I'd like to redden them more." Vernon helped Mary whose wrists were still
cuffed to sit.

"Kneel alongside Mary," Vernon said to Sonja, "Remember you started this and you
are going to have the first mouthfuls from me."

Sonja, still holding the flogger, did as he requested and with a show of
nonchalance, took his prick into her mouth. With her forefinger and thumb she
squeezed the base of the prick but Vernon immediately knew she intended to
control and even stop the flow. "Take you hand away," he ordered, "You will have
what I think will be half and Mary the other half and I will control it."

His fingers replaced Sonja's. "Start drinking." He'd done this once before with
a prostitute but this was different. Sonja wasn't being paid and was only
pretending to be willing; Mary was definitely being forced. He felt sorry for
her but wouldn't back down. His stream started and with his prick well down in
her throat, Sonja had to drink more than she had intended, even so some spilled
over her chin and dripped down on to her tits. She choked a little. Vernon
squeezed the base of his cock to stop the flow and held it in front of Mary's
face. "Your turn now," he said.

Mary kept her mouth shut. "Open up!" Still her mouth remained closed. Sonja
acted. Pushing Vernon back she swung the flogger and connected with Mary's tit
flesh yet again. As Mary cried out in pain, Vernon inserted his cock. Giving her
a moment or two to calm herself he then restarted the flow forcing Mary to
swallow some. The taste wasn't quite as bad as she expected but it wasn't
pleasant and tended to burn her tonsils. She tried to pull away but Vernon's
hand was behind be head holding it close to him. Soon the flow eased and ceased
but to make Sonja believe he was giving Mary a full load, he kept his prick in
her mouth after he finished. It all ended in tears and recriminations. He
released Mary's cuffs and she stood up sobbing, "I hate you."

Vernon started the shower and each washed themselves off., Mary first. She
brushed her teeth vigorously and left the bathroom again with "I hate you." As
she lay in the bed she heard Vernon berating Sonja. "You bitch. There was no
need for that. Now you have turned her against me completely."

"Oh, you actually like her then?"

"We started to get along. She's different to all the others. I hope you liked
your drink too"

The altercation continued for some minutes before they both came into the
bedroom. Mary turned to lay with her face the wall. Vernon lay, spoon-like
against her with his one arm holding her close. She still sobbed quietly but
didn't respond to Vernon's gentle hugs. He tried massaging her neck. No
response. Gradually they all fell asleep.

Sometime in he night she awoke. Vernon's body was still pushed against her back
but there was another hand feeling its way between them. Mary didn't move. She
knew it must be Sonja's hand. The hand moved slowly down and by the movements
she knew it was playing with Vernon's cock.

Vernon woke as he felt his cock being rubbed to hardness. Sonja he thought. Once
she realised he was awake, Sonja pulled his cock causing him to turn and face
her. "Come on," she whispered, "Fuck and make up time." Her stimulation overcame
any reluctance on his part. He climbed on top of her, plunged his prick in and
vigorously pumped into her not caring if it woke Mary, not caring if it hurt
Sonja. It was soon over and he returned to his previous position against Mary.
She felt his wet prick against her bum but ignored it and just lay there as if
nothing happened. This was the best tactic she thought. Just ignore him. Do just
what the bastard says and no more. Vernon knew she was awake and was snubbing
him. "Why did that bitch Sonja do that?" He would like to have given her a
thrashing too but knew he didn't dare. And she had to drive back this morning to
promote and hopefully clinch the deal with the bank.




Chapter 8. Disaster

Mary slept little and awoke early. She arose, washed and cleaned her teeth again
and noisily started the fire going. She made tea but not coffee. Hearing her
cluttering around, Vernon woke, visited the bathroom and came to the table where
Mary was sipping her tea. Bending down he kissed her neck and whispered, "I'm
sorry. I really am. I didn't want that to happen like that."

"You're the master. I am only a slave. Sir. You have me for ten more days to do
with as you please. I must accept that." The reply was in a flat monotone. "Do
as you will. I am only here to pay for my crime."

Vernon kissed her neck again and repeated, "Mary, I really am sorry." Lifting
Mary to a standing position, he opened the front of her robe and looked at her
breasts. They were still very pink but no deep stripe marks. "Would you like
some cream on them?" Vernon enquired.

"Its up to you Sir."

"Damn Sonja," said Vernon almost inaudibly.

They heard Sonja go to the bathroom and return to bed. "Take her some coffee,"
Vernon said, "I think she will need it after all the wine she drank."

"Yes, Sir!"

She made the coffee stronger than she knew Sonja liked and took it in and left
it by the bedside almost without looking at the figure in the bed. Before she
could leave Sonja called, "Mary, please ask Vernon if he has any paracetamol or
aspirin, my head's killing me."

"Yes, ma'am."

Vernon found the tablets and suggested she also take in a glass of Andrew's
Liver Salts. She made the foaming brew again adding more crystals making it
stronger and saltier than required. Maybe she would find the taste revolting
too.

When Mary returned Sonja was sitting up in bed with her ample breasts fully
exposed above the bedclothes. "I wouldn't mind using the flogger on those," she
thought, "A pay back would do her good," but she  kept the words to herself. As
she turned to leave Sonja caught her arm and held her back. "Close the door and
sit here, I want to talk to you."

"I don't think we have much to say to each other. The sooner you leave the
better and the sooner I get out of this mess the better as well," Mary retorted.

"Do as you are told slave girl."

"I am not your slave girl."

"Maybe not, but I would only have to ask Vernon and you would be told to stay,
so just close the door and sit." Mary did as she was told, wondering what Sonja
could say that would make up for last night.

Dealing with people was something Sonja was good at. That is why Vernon employed
her. She started in boldly, "You love him don't you?"

"I hate him," vehemently answered.

"You think you do at the moment but that is only after last night. When I came,
I could see it in your eyes."

"No." Mary didn't want to believe it.

"Yes, and I think he likes you more than he would have us believe. I am not
going to apologise for last night. In a way it tested both of you."

"It showed me how really perverted he is."

"Not necessarily. I put him in a situation where he couldn't reasonably back
down without losing face. He didn't have to put himself under you. He did I
think to show he cared and wouldn't ask you to do anything he wouldn't do
himself. He didn't enjoy it either but he got his own back on me by making me
drink from him as well as you. I didn't plan on that."

"Why did you want to do it to me, Sonja? Were you jealous? Are you in love with
him?"

"First of all I don't love him but I do like him and kinda want to protect him
from the mercenary bitches that try to get at his money. I like him but don't
love him. We fuck together well and we enjoy it but I am too much like him. I
want to be boss and two bosses together create problems. Had you not been here
yesterday afternoon when we went through the presentation, we would have been
arguing and squabbling over minor details. I think he wanted to impress you. Was
I jealous? Probably at least a little but I think it was more the protection
thing. I wouldn't have been surprised if you had asked to leave this morning. He
couldn't have done anything much about it but instead you are giving him the
cold shoulder while still obeying his commands. That is brave and honourable of
you."

"I was one of those mercenary bitches you referred to but I intend to keep to
our agreement."

"Mary, you were openly mercenary but you were only after a set amount of money.
A �1,000, a paltry sum to him. The real money grabbers are those that want to
lure him into marriage and then get a large cut of the divorce settlement. I
don't think you are one of those. If you marry him it will be for the right
reasons."

"I hate him and what he has done to me - and you too for that matter."

"You may well hate me, but underneath you don't really hate him. You have had so
many new experiences in these last few days, many of them traumatic and painful,
others more pleasurable. Overall though I think you gained more than you lost.
Think it over."

"I don't think I need any more advise from you. I was resigned to my fate until
you came and upped the stakes with your disgusting idea."

"Well Mary, I am going to give the advise anyway. I have known Vernon much
longer than you remember. If I was in your place I would continue with the cold
shoulder attitude for a while and then gradually thaw out. You may well get back
to where you were or better."

"I'll work things out for myself if you don't mind."

"Okay Mary, but try not to think too badly of me. When you get to being Vernon's
real secretary, we will be in frequent contact. Anyway, good luck and if you
want to get away, then be ready before I leave and you can have a ride to
London."

Mary turned and left the room. Vernon was cooking breakfast. "What was all that
about?" he enquired.

"Oh. Just some free advise," Mary answered dully.

Breakfast over, Vernon asked, "We won't be able to go out walking until Sonja
leaves and that will be at least 10.30. Pity because it looks like a nice day.
But we need to get some more supplies so do you want to come with me to Malham
or wait here?"

"Its Sunday, Sir, shops don't open to 10 am on Sundays."

"Oh so it is. We'll go for a drive first then. Are you coming or staying?" He
guessed she wouldn't want to stay alone in the house with Sonja and hoped that
being out in the fresh air wouldn't bring them together again.

They dressed in their outdoor clothes and about 9.30 left calling out to Sonja,
"We'll probably be back before you leave but if not, lock up and put the key
under the rock."

The heavy overnight rain had cleared and the morning was now bright but with a
strong cold wind. Vernon tried conversing with Mary but she only responded with
one or two words, hardly ever a sentence and always suffixed with "Sir." Perhaps
a walk will bring her into a better humour he thought. He drove the four miles
to the start of one of the footpaths that criss-crossed the moor and parked the
Rangerover. Zipping up their jackets and pulling their woolly hats down over
their ears they started off, Vernon leading the way. Both started to enjoy the
walk in the bright breezy if somewhat slippery conditions but there was still
this invisible barrier of silence between them. Each was wrapped in their own
thoughts.

For the first quarter of a mile the path rose gently over a low hill and then
descended to a small stream which normally, in the summer at least, was easily
fordable. Today, after the rain of the previous two weeks and the heavy downpour
last night, the stream was wide and running hard. Realizing they would not be
able to cross at that point Vernon moved a couple of yards upstream and stepped
on a boulder to get a better look at the situation. Unfortunately the strong
current had washed much of the soil from under it and the rock rolled sliding
Vernon into the water. In the millisecond during his slide, Vernon just thought
he would get his feet wet but the boulder rolled too and trapped his right foot.
Catching him off balance, the force of the water knocked him over, twisting his
leg at an angle to his foot and plunging him face down into the stream.

Mary, who had been gazing across the stream and deciding she wasn't going to
attempt to cross, turned to tell Vernon this just as he fell. "Vernon!" she
yelled, "Are you alright?" As soon as she said it she realized he wasn't. He was
lying face down in the cold water struggling to get up but could find nothing to
get a purchase on with his hands and the pain in his foot and leg was terrible.
Blindly Mary waded in and held his head above the torrent. "Get up, Vern, get
up!"

"I can't, I cant," he groaned, "My foot is trapped."

Mary reached down his leg to the boulder and felt rather than saw how his foot
was not in alignment with his leg. She pushed the boulder and while it rocked a
little it didn't move far enough to release the foot. She had to get more
purchase on it than she could. Trying to keep Vernon's head above the water with
one hand, she sat in the stream and pushed the rock with both feet. Helped by
the force of the water it rolled, freeing the foot.

Somehow she managed to roll him out of the water and on to the bank. It was then
began to take in the full import of their predicament. They were both completely
soaked with cold water. Vernon was shivering uncontrollably. His foot and leg
was twisted at an odd angle and it was obvious he wouldn't be able to walk. The
cold wind added to the chill factor caused by their wet clothing. They were out
of sight and it was unlikely any other walkers would pass by at that time of
year. Mary quickly debated the options. One, to leave Vernon and walk back to
the car where there was a mobile phone or two, to try and carry him to the car.
If the leg was broken she didn't ought to move him but if she left him he might
die of hypothermia. Vernon was drifting in and out of consciousness. Mary
decided, rightly or wrongly she couldn't leave him. At ten and a half stones he
wasn't all that heavy, about the same as she but wet clothing added to the
weight. Although cold and shivering herself, she experimentally lifted him on to
her shoulders. The adrenaline was still flowing through her veins as it had been
since she had started to rescue Vernon from the water. Slowly she made her way
back up the hill. It now seemed like a mountain. After only a hundred yards, she
had to rest. Then another slow hundred yards. And another. And another. Slowly
she crested the hill. The exertion warmed her a little but she still felt very
cold. A further rest in the lee of a rock outcrop and she started the descent.
She could see the Rangerover now but it looked far away even though she knew it
was less than a quarter of a mile. Another eighty yards. The distance between
stops was decreasing as fatigue set in. "I can't go much further," she said to
herself as she lifted him and stumbled on again. Then she saw it, a van coming
along the moorland road. She waved. She lowered Vernon to the ground slipped off
her jacket and waved that. Vernon had earlier laughed at the contrast between
its bright red colour and his own dirt green but now she hoped its brightness
would be seen.

Father and son duo Les and Fred Bartlett, were off to do a 'moonlighting' job on
a farm replacing some fencing when Fred, who was in the passenger seat, pointed
out the couple on the hills to his father. "They look to be in trouble," he
said. Les, saw the Rangerover and parked alongside. "I think that's Vernon's
car, you know, the southerner who brings those fancy bints into the pub. Has the
cottage by the Harris's," Les said.

Getting out they half walked, half ran to where Mary had stopped and laid Vernon
down. She cradled him to her. His eyes opened and looked at her. "Mary, Mary,
I'm sorry," his words were feint but audible.

"It's okay Vern, we're rescued. Just lay quiet."

Now that her ordeal seemed over Mary started shaking violently and was still in
this condition when the two men approached. Stutteringly she tried to explain
but they quickly got the visual message. "Fred," Les spoke to his son, "You
carry Vernon to the car and I'll help the lady." Seemingly with ease, Fred
carried Vernon down the hill and Les, half supporting Mary, helped her walk
unsteadily to the car.

"Where's the keys?" Les asked. Mary pointed to a pocket in Vernon's jacket.
Fortunately it was zipped and the keys were still there. Les opened the
passenger door and helped Fred get Vernon inside. He was unconscious again. Mary
got in alongside and held Vernon tightly against her, talking softly to him in a
shivering voice.

"Dial 999 on the mobile in the van, and get an ambulance," Les ordered his son.
Les opened the drivers side door got in and started the engine and after running
it for a few moments turned the heat full on. She tried to thank Les but the
words were difficult to form in her mouth. For a while she felt as if she wasn't
part of her body. Fred returned and told them the ambulance was on its way but
would take about 20 minutes to get here from Settle. Seeing the shivering pair,
he suggested he get the old blanket from the back of the van and on doing so
wrapped it around them. "Did you carry him all the way from the river?" Fred
asked Mary.

Mary nodded. "My God," Fred exclaimed, "I don't know how you did it. It was as
much as I wanted to do to get him down the hill. You're different to the women
he usually brings here. "

Vernon's eyes opened again but with consciousness came pain. He moan and groaned
loudly before drifting off again. The ambulance only took fifteen minutes to
arrive. Vernon was put on a stretcher, wrapped in a space blanket and
transferred to the vehicle. Mary, also wrapped in a space blanket walked and was
laid in another cot alongside. Les said he would drive the Rangerover to
Vernon's house and let Mrs. Harris know. Mary didn't have chance to answer
before the doors closed.

********

Sonja heard the Rangerover return just as she was picking up her cases to leave.
"That's good," she muttered, "Just in time to carry my cases to the car." Then
hearing keys drop through the letter box on to the floor, she went to the door
just as a van pulled up. "Morning," she smiled at the two men, "What's going
on?"

"Sorry miss, I didn't realise he'd brought two ladies with him this time. I
think I have seen you before though in the pub."

"What's going on?" Sonja repeated.

Les and Fred explained the situation as they knew it. At the end Fred piped in
with, "You'd better not cross that young lady. She's a tough kettle of fish and
no mistake to have carried him all that way over the hill, and them both being
soaking wet and cold." Sonja had doubts now about the wisdom of whipping Mary's
tits the night before. Supposing Mary had turned on her?

Les gave her directions to the hospital and suggested she might take a change of
clothes for them and asked if she would let Mrs. Harris know because they were
already late for the job they were supposed to do that day.




Chapter 9. Hospitalised

Mary opened her eyes. She was in bed. In bed clad in a white gown. Slowly her
mind returned, The last thing she remembered was getting into the ambulance. A
nurse came by, "Oh good, you're awake now. How are you feeling?"

"Where am I?"

"In Settle hospital. You passed out in the ambulance."

Panic! "Where's Vernon? Is he alright? What have you done with him?"

"He will be okay, he's in theatre at the moment having surgery on his foot. He
will be back down here in a hour or so. Now how to you feel?"

"Very weary."

"Then go back to sleep for a while, the doctor will be around again in an hour
or so. There is nothing physically wrong with you, you were just exhausted from
your ordeal and suffering from mild hypothermia. A young lady came and left you
fresh clothes a couple of hours ago but she had to leave to head back to
London."

"Must have been Sonja ......" whispered Mary as she drifted back to sleep.

The doctor woke her two hours later and checked her over. "Miss Curtis you seem
fine except for exhaustion and for the marks on your buttocks which do seem to
be several days old and healing."

"I sat heavily on a rock when I first came."

Funny shaped rock Miss Curtis. And the marks on your breasts?"

Despite her weariness Mary thought quickly. "Chafe from the wet sweater I
expect."

"Miss Curtis, if you have been beaten we can get help. There is ....."

"No, no, no. I sat on a rock. That is ALL" She emphasised the last word. "Now
please tell me where Vernon is, Can I see him?"

"He's in the bed over there but hasn't come round yet. Only came out of theatre
a short while ago."

"Can I sit with him?"

"Not yet, wait till he wakes. You still need more rest. Lay back down again."

Mary slept for another hour and felt somewhat better when she awoke. She was
desperate to pee and got out of bed and shakily walked to Vernon's bedside. He
was awake but still drowsy. She kissed him. "Rest a while longer, you'll be
alright now." Seeing her out of bed, the nurse directed her to the loo and
insisted she return to bed but once the nurse had moved from the ward, Mary
again moved to Vernon's bedside. Vernon lifted the bedclothes to show Mary the
plaster on his leg. His toes showed through the bottom and it went halfway
between his knee and his crotch.

"My god, Vern, what did they do to you?"

"I don't really know. Haven't been awake long enough to find out but I know you
saved my life."

"What are you doing there young lady?" The firm voice of the nurse broke through
their conversation and brought chuckles from other patients in the ward.

Blushing at having been caught looking under Vernon's bedclothes she answered
with a question, "What have they done to him?"

"Oh he's all right where it counts," the nurse replied amid more chuckles from
the patients. "Now get back to your own bed."

She cat-napped for another hour or so but sat up when the surgeon came round to
see Vernon. Unfortunately for her the drew the curtains around the bed and
didn't talk loud enough for her to hear. As soon as they left, Mary was out of
bed and by his bedside. "What did they say?" she enquired only to be answered by
the nurse who had reappeared and was telling her to get back into her own bed.
Shakily Mary stood and looked defiantly at the nurse. "I will when I have found
out what is happening to him, what they did to him and how long it will be
before he is released from your clutches!"

The statement was greeted with a loud "Good onya gal," from one of the others in
the ward. Mary blushed at her boldness but stood he ground even though she had
to cling to a bed rail for support.

"Nurse," Vernon interrupted, "Mary saved my life and nearly lost her own in the
process. Without her I would still be lying face down in a fast running stream.
Surely it isn't too much to expect that she would want to know what damage has
been caused and if it is repairable. She is hardly likely even if I wasn't in
pain, to jump into bed and make mad passionate love in front of the whole ward."

"You can have ten minutes," the nurse snapped.

When she left the "Good onya gal" patient said, "That's right don't let the old
battle-ax tell you what to do, she's only on for another hour then its little
Lisa and she's okay."

Vernon explained how he had torn muscles in his knee and twisted and dislocated
parts of his ankle. He would be in plaster for six weeks at least and then it
would take probably six months of physio and practice before he could walk
reasonably well again and a year before they thought he would attempt fell
walking. He should be able to leave the hospital in four or five days.

Tears came to Mary's eyes, "Oh Vern, a whole year before you can walk the moors.
You love that. A year will be hell for you."

"At least in a year I will be able to walk again. I won't be rotting in a box
underground." Vernon took Mary's hand and said, "I can't thank you enough for
what you did. I'll try and make it up to you when I can but as of now I release
you from slavery. You are a free woman again."

"No, no, no," Mary cried causing glances from those around them, "You mustn't do
that. You must add the days you are in here and can't be my master to the days
at the end of the actual fortnight. I have to work out my guilt."

"You more than did that earlier. But we'll talk about it when I get out."

As predicted, once Lisa came on duty things were a lot more relaxed. Mary was
able to spend the whole evening holding Vernon's hand and chatting about nothing
in particular. Vernon asked Lisa what had happened to their clothing. "Oh Maisie
in laundry is looking after them. She put most of the things through the washers
and dryers. She even ironed the notes in your wallet! That is now in the office
safe. I can get a staff nurse to get it if you wish but I doubt you'll will want
it today."

"Can I see Maisie and thank her?"

"She will be on again in the morning and I will leave a note for her to bring
your clothes and money to you," Lisa answered

Next morning during battle-ax's shift when the doctor did his rounds, the doctor
told Vernon that his secretary in London had phoned to enquire on his progress
and said that Vernon had health care plan and should have a private ward. Vernon
replied that was fine provided Mary could have a bed in the same room. The
doctor said it wasn't allowed. "Then I stay here and you don't get your private
ward fee." Smiling, the doctor remarked that he'd heard the story of his rescue
and whispered that he would not notice if the nurse pushed another bed into the
private ward but wait until this shift is over. I'll ask Lisa to get one of the
porters to do it.

Maisie, arrived after the doctor's left. She was a young, bubbly girl, probably
educationally backward but with a caring personality. "I did the best I could
with them. They were pretty muddied up." Laying both piles of clothes on his bed
she gave them back their wallets. Vernon opened his and remarked the notes
seemed new and fresh. "Oh, I ironed them for you to dry them and get the creases
out, Sir." Maisie seemed proud of her efforts.

Vernon took a �10 note out. "Maisie, this one should have been left folded."

"Why Sir?"

Vernon folded the note in quarters. "So it can be stuffed in a bra of course."
Vernon acted on his words and popped the note into the top of Maisie's dress.
With his other hand he pulled her head down and kissed her cheek.

"Oh Sir, you are a one. Thanks. You didn't have to give me anything. It's part
of my job."

"You did much more than you had to of that I am sure. Thank you, Vernon replied.

Battle-ax returned, Maisie left.

Vernon was soon installed in his private room and for the remainder of the
afternoon, Mary sat with him. She was much better and the doctors told her she
would be discharged in the morning.

Around 3 p.m. WPC Wallis arrived. She had been detailed to write a report on the
incident. At the same time Tim Blakensop appeared to try and get a story for the
local paper. Tim wanted to sit in on the conversation between the lady police
officer and Vernon and Mary but WPC Wallis said that would be against
regulations. "But we don't want to have to go through it all twice, Constable,"
pleaded Vernon, "If we just pull the curtains round, Tim could wait outside.
That would accommodate regulations. This is not a criminal matter."

This suited Tim as well. Although ignored by the WPC, Vernon could see a hand
holding a tape recorder at the end of the curtain. WPC Wallis was a pleasant
young woman and soon had the whole story out of them. Just when they thought she
was through, she snatched the recorder from Tim's hand, switched it off and told
him to take a five minute pee break. Tim of course protested, fearing there was
something he was going to miss but WPC Wallis was resolute. "You have your story
here, you can have a few more minutes after I have gone but what I have to ask
about now is not for your ears and nor does it concern your story. If you don't
accept that I will confiscate this whole tape. Understood?"

"Okay." Tim sauntered out.

"Mary I have to ask you this and we can go somewhere private and alone if you
wish. The doctor reported what he termed a non accidental injuries to your
bottom. Do you want to talk to me in private about it?"

"No. Anything I say can be said in front of Vernon."

"The doctor said they resembled cane marks. How were they caused?"

"I sat heavily on a stone."

"Can I get the police surgeon to look at them?"

"No."

"Why?"

"Because I don't want to and because they have been looked at enough already."

"So you are still going to say they were caused by a heavy sit down although the
marks do not indicate this to be the case."

"I sat on a rock."

"Had it anything to do with the false rape accusation?" Mary was surprised they
knew about that. "Oh yes," the WPC went on, "We always check for criminal
records and that's what came up - and only a few weeks ago too."

"Was this a punishment beating?"

"I sat on a rock," Mary repeated again.

"That's your story and you're sticking to it." The police lady smiled. "Is that
your story too Mr. Rocher?"

"Of course," Vernon agreed.

"Well Miss Curtis, if you change your mind here is my number and I will do all I
can to help you. There are also organisations in your part of the country that
help battered women......"

"I was not battered!" Mary's voice rose but she took the proffered business
card. "I won't need this she added."

"That's all then." The WPC closed her notebook, smiled and said, "Good luck to
you both. You need it after yesterday's experience. You're a lucky man Mr.
Rocher to have a girl like this."

Tim returned and tried to find out what the rest of the conversation was about
but had to be content with just the interview tape. That was enough. By the
evening the local paper ran a rather exaggerated version of Mary's heroic
rescue.

Mrs. Harris came in during the evening visiting period and volunteered to drive
Mary home or at least to Vernon's house when she was discharged.

Sonja phoned during the evening to find out how he was and to brief him on the
bank presentation. They had agreed to a trial run with the software so Stuart
was ecstatic. He knew once it was up and running they would want to keep it.




Chapter 10. Mary in charge

Tuesday morning Mary was discharged but waited with Vernon until Mrs. Harris
came in the afternoon. She felt much better but still easily tired. "I'll try
and get in to see you tomorrow," she said as she kissed him as she left.

"Use the Rangerover," Vernon said, "You're going to have to learn to drive it
because it will be a while before I can."

"I've never driven a big car but I'll try not to wreck it for you on these
roads!" she laughed.

The cottage seemed very empty with only her in it but she was used to living
alone and got on with doing the chores and getting something to eat. Sleeping
alone in the big bed, seemed strange. Sonja hadn't made it before leaving so
Mary straightened the sheets and puffed up the pillows. In doing so she came
across the book Vernon had made her read. She put it back under the pillow.
Later when she turned in for the night she took the book out again and began to
read it from the beginning. It aroused her and she spend some time masturbating
before finally turning out the light.

Driving the Rangerover made her feel great. She quickly acclimatised to driving
the larger car and noticed how often drivers of small cars gave way to her on
the narrow roads. "Don't know if it's the big car or the fact there is a big
woman driving it," she remarked to Vernon on her Thursday visit.

"It's the way you scare them," Vernon laughed, "Now do you want the good news?"

"They are going to let you go?"

"Yes, tomorrow if there are no more complications. I shall have crutches but
they started me on them yesterday and I'll need a wheelchair."

"I'll look after you," she said with a kiss.

"Brrrr, Brrrr, Brrr. The bedside phone rang. One of the perks of having a
private room. It was Sonja. On finding out he might be back in the cottage for
the weekend, she asked if she could come up. "I'll have to ask Mary, she's in
charge of me now but we had better wait until I actually get out. Ring me at the
cottage tomorrow."

"How do you feel about Sonja coming up for the weekend?" Vernon asked Mary. She
gave the thumbs down sign. "We'll talk about it when and if I get out."

"Vern? Could you let me have some money please? The car is low on petrol and
I've spent nearly all the �60 you gave me before we left and I ......."

"You still have some left from the fare money? I thought you might have bought
clothes or something with any spare. Sorry, with everything else that happened I
just didn't think about you having to buy things." He opened his wallet only two
�20 notes left. He gave them to her. "That won't be enough to fill the
Rangerover with diesel - not petrol," he emphasised diesel, "You better take
this card and use a hole in the wall and take out a couple of hundred." He gave
her the PIN number to use.

"You must trust me more than you did a couple of weeks ago. I could clean out
your account and do a runner with the car!" She said it seriously and then
laughed, "But I won't."

"I had to trust you with my life, I can surely trust you with a credit card. Now
what about Sonja? You don't like her?"

"Looking back, it was she who spoilt everything, she who really made me angry
with you by what she did. If we had been on speaking terms you wouldn't have
blindly walked to the edge of he river and ......."

"I don't think you can honestly blame Sonja for that any more than you can blame
the rain for coming down and the river being swollen. No, I think it was perhaps
you didn't like her being your mistress and her making you do something you
thought obnoxious. Would you have accepted it if I had required it as part of
your slave girl training?"

"Maybe. Is that what you wanted? A toilet slave?"

"You've been reading my books." Mary admitted she had. "Mary, did you find he
taste of my pee very offensive? I cannot say I liked the taste of yours but it
wasn't particularly offensive."

"I suppose it wasn't that bad but perhaps it was just that she whipped my tits
and forced me to do it. Had you done it before with other women?"

"No, but I had read about it and wanted to show you that if could be done. I
didn't think you were ready to go as far as that but thought I might have tried
it on a more limited scale later. Sonja hadn't done it either and so I gave her
more than you."

"Vern, if you order me as your slave to do it again, I'll do it but promise me
that you won't make me become a full toilet slave. You know eat chocolate
eclairs as the book called them. I couldn't do that without being very sick."

"That has always seemed very repulsive to me too so I can promise you that. Do
you still want to be a slave girl when we get back to the cottage?"

Without hesitation Mary answered, "Yes."

"Why? I'll willingly give you your freedom, I told you that. And I will
willingly take you to my bed."

"It wouldn't be the same. I would have the right to choose whether or not I did
what you asked. Now I feel I have to do it regardless and by doing so I have
learned a lot and done things I would have utterly refused - and enjoyed them -
and I think pleased you too. Vernon, I think I love you."

Vernon kissed her. "I think I love you too but I have said that to so many girls
when really all I meant was I love to fuck you so I am hesitant especially after
Sunday when it might be that I am just overly grateful for what you did. Shall
we just see what develops? After all we haven't known each other very long."

Sylvia phoned during the evening. The Eastern Daily Times had got hold of the
story and published it. Since then she had received many phone calls wanting the
contact numbers for Vernon and Mary "and I didn't even know you went away with
him," she said to Mary, "Perhaps it was a good job he wasn't walking alone as he
often does when he is up there." Fortunately the cottage was an ex-directory
phone number and she had refused to let the press have it. They discussed
Vernon's condition for a while and Mary said she would drive him back to Suffolk
as soon as he was discharged and fit to travel.

**********

With the passenger seat pushed well back, Vernon could keep his leg stretched
out fully in reasonable comfort. It ached badly but he was loathe to take too
many painkillers. By his side were a pair of hospital crutches and in the back a
wheelchair on loan. He was told to return it when he left the area. It was with
some reluctance the hospital discharged him but finally agreed but they insisted
he return if there was any undue pain and that he must report to the West
Suffolk Hospital on his return home.

They arrived at the cottage around midday, after a short delay because his
trousers wouldn't fit over the plaster. They cut the trouser leg off above the
knee which looked very odd but serviceable. "I'll hem it for you when we get
back so that it doesn't fray," Mary remarked.

Vernon laughed, "I'm sure there is no need for that. I can afford a new pair or
two or three!"

They stopped at the local chemist to pick up the prescription for painkillers
the hospital doctor had given him and while waiting she asked the assistant if
they had a bottle for men who couldn't get up to go to the loo. She explained
the reason and was soon sold the required article. Vernon didn't even notice it
when she put the packages in the back of the Rangerover.

Getting from the car into the house was a struggle. In his eagerness to get out
of hospital, he hadn't had any training in the use of the crutches but with a
little help from Mary, made it into the main room without mishap. Mary brought
the wheelchair in and sat him on it. "Welcome back," she whispered as she kissed
him. "Am I your slave girl again now?"

"If that's what you wish, yes."

Mary made lunch. Vernon helped where he could saying that he didn't want to be
seen to be an invalid.

Around 1 p.m. Sonja phoned. She still wanted to come to the cottage. Vernon
again asked Mary who shook her head, no. Vernon spoke into the mouthpiece, "She
says yes, provided she is your mistress and you are completely under her
control."

"That doesn't sound like Mary!"

"Well that's how it is and if she wants to whip your tits, then that's what will
happen. If you come then be prepared. Your behaviour last weekend has a lot to
answer for including my being a cripple for a year. That should be reason enough
for a good tit warming."

"Okay, okay Vernon I get the message. It won't be the first time they have been
warmed. I would rather not drive all that way as it will be dark long before I
get there, and there is a train that gets to Settle at 5.30. Shall I get a taxi
from there or could you persuade Mary to pick me up?"

"I can order her to pick you up but I can't guarantee she won't stop somewhere
on the way and sexually assault you."

"Promises, promises, promises," Sonja laughed.

Her laugh was infectious. Vernon grinned as he replied, "Just remember from the
time she picks you up until the time you leave, you do everything she requires.
Everything. That includes taking punishments."

"What was all that about?" Mary asked.

"Sonja's coming by train arriving Settle at 5.30. I volunteered you to pick her
up and as you heard I told her that you were her mistress and you might wish to
revenge the beating you took last Saturday."

Lunch over, Mary made a pot of tea, the first decent cup Vernon had since
leaving the house on that fateful Sunday morning. Afterwards of course he wanted
to pee. As yet he hadn't learned to stand and hold his cock with one hand while
supporting himself on one foot and a crutch. If he sat on he loo, he would have
to remove his trousers. "I should have borrowed one of their pee bottles," he
said.

Mary came to his aid by taking down his odd trousers and pants and helping him
to sit. She waited by his side while he performed and then caught hold of his
cock and started to massage it. "Hmm, that feels nice." He soon had an erection.

"Would you like a blow job Sir."

"Sounds as though you have been reading my books you sly little slave. You seem
to know the terms well enough now. And yes, I would like a blow job. I would
like a good fuck but that may have to wait for a bit. Leg is still a bit too
sore for any sort of exercise."

Mary carefully pushed his good leg apart, knelt down and took his now throbbing
prick in her mouth. She licked around the head with her tongue and then allowed
as much of the shaft as she could to enter her mouth. From her previous
experiences with his she knew what to expect and what it would taste like,
never-the-less it was a surprise when he blasted off. She felt it hit her throat
with some force and the eruption lasted longer than earlier. He had been forced
to abstain from any form of sex, even wanking for some days and the sperm had
built up in his balls.

Resisting the temptation to swallow any more than what had already trickled down
her throat, Mary raised herself and planted her mouth firmly over Vernon's. Her
tongue probed his mouth and realising her intentions, Vernon started a tongue
battle with her and in doing so tasted his own sperm. The battle was short but
very sweet.

"Wow, I'll certainly have to buy you some more of those books," Vernon
exclaimed, "That really was something. Tell me though did you enjoy it too or
was it a bit one sided."

"I enjoyed doing it to you but didn't get the same sexual pleasure that I get
when you do it to me and I cum. But yes, it was pleasurable to me too
particularly as I feel I am giving you pleasure too."

For much of the remainder of the afternoon they sat, clothed only in their
dressing gowns, snuggled on the settee watching the fire and moving only to add
fuel or make tea. Later they started to prepare the evening meal. Mary put the
meat in the oven and left Vernon with a bowl of potatoes on his lap to peel. She
set off for Settle at five o'clock wandering how to face Sonja and throughout
the journey she was now becoming so familiar with, kept pondering on Vernon's
parting words. "Remember Mary, you are Sonja's boss. Don't let her get out of
line."




Chapter 11. Sonja returns

Train was ten minutes late. Mary greeted Sonja cordially and gave her a peck on
each cheek but didn't offer to carry her bags to the car. They made polite if
strained conversation mostly regarding Vernon's well being. Then Sonja threw in,
"And how are your tender tits now?"

"Not as sore as yours will be if you don't toe the line!" Mary spat the words at
her with more venom than she thought herself capable of and leaving Sonja in no
doubt as to Mary's authority.

"Mary, I'm sorry. I went too far last weekend. Vernon wouldn't have done that to
you for some time yet. He certainly wouldn't have allowed you to do it to him
either. While I don't think I can really be blamed for his accident, maybe it
was a contributing factor. I am sorry. Can we be friends again?"

In the dim light from the head lights of an oncoming vehicle she saw Mary looked
dubious. "Can we be friends if I let you whip my tits tonight?"

"Is my friendship that important?" Mary asked.

"Yes, especially if it is likely to blight my friendship and relationship with
Vernon. I don't want to take him from you, Mary. Just to be friends with him -
and you. From the phone calls we've had while he was in hospital, I know you are
more than a friend to him. More than a sex partner. Certainly more than a
secretary." She laughed her infectious laugh as she said that. "Restrain me with
the cuffs and whip my tits tonight as hard as you like, then kiss and make up
and become friends again. Please."

"You sound as if you actually want to have your tits whipped?"

"It's been a while since they were punished. Will you do it?"

"We'll see," was Mary's noncommittal reply.

They drove the last few miles in silence, Mary concentrating on the road, Sonja
noting how confidently Mary handled the car. When they arrived, Mary unlocked
the rear doors and waited for Sonja to collect her bags. "Last week," Sonja
thought, " I would have told Mary to bring my bags in. Now I don't feel as if I
dare ask." She expressed these thoughts as they sat by the fire sipping tea and
coffee while waiting for the vegetables to cook. "You know what Vernon? I think
the accident did Mary a lot of good. Last week she was almost a timid mousey
little thing - well perhaps not so little," she laughed, "Now she is confident
and assertive. I am not sure I like the new Mary as much."

"I don't believe that she was ever very timid, she only appeared that way on the
surface. Underneath she was always strong willed. Hardly any other women I know,
including you Sonja, would have allowed themselves to be treated as she was.
After the caning which was probably much more painful than she imagined it would
be she could have easily have cried off or gone to the police but she still
wants to carry on with her slavery to me until the end of the fortnight and has
also included an extra four days for 'injury time' for when I was in hospital."

Mary butted in, "You must realise though Sonja, I am only Vernon's girl slave,
not yours."

"I agree with you Sonja, I think the 'accident' as you called it, was like a
trial by fire and having come through it, she has increased in confidence in her
abilities. She ......"

"Just stop talking about me and come and eat your dinners." Mary helped Vernon
into the wheelchair, raised the leg support and moved him to the end of table
where his leg would be out of the way.

"Thanks Mary. Perhaps instead of offering you a secretarial job I ought to offer
a post as nursemaid."

"No you don't, Vern. You agreed. And in any case the nurses job would be for a
very limited period and I can see the patient getting very grumpy and frustrated
after a week or so. Hopefully after the month's trial, the secretary job will be
permanent."

Later when the plates were cleared, Mary started washing up. Sonja sat relaxed
on the settee chatting to Vernon. Suddenly and with some force a tea towel
landed in her lap. Nothing was said. Nothing needed saying. Sonja stood and
started drying dishes. "That's a first!" remarked Vernon.

Afterwards, with all three of them in their dressing gowns sitting comfortable
by the fire, Vernon said to Mary, "You know what she wants you to do?"

"Yes, but I don't feel comfortable about doing it. I feel my anger will come out
and I might hurt her more than I should."

"Tit and pussy whipping is one of her turn-ons. Usually it is she that wields
the whip. There is a lezzy filing clerk in the office who allows her to do it
some weekends providing she makes love to her afterwards - and covers for her if
she is too sore to get to work on the Monday morning. Has anyone ever whipped
you like you have whipped Jeanette?" Vernon turned to Sonja as he spoke. Sonja
shook her head, no. "Tell us what you and Jeanette do when you have a session,
Sonja. Don't spare the erotic details. I want both Mary and me to be aroused by
your story but remember we may reenact the scenes with you playing Jeanette's
part."

"Perhaps it would be best if I just tell of one of the best sessions like the
one on the August Bank Holiday weekend. You had taken that blonde girl from
Masons away to a motel in Wales my other men friends seemed otherwise committed
so I figured a lezzy weekend might be fun. We went to a friend's house in Surrey
supposedly to 'house sit' for them while they were away because empty houses in
that well to do area are frequently burgled. We began on the Friday evening by
swimming naked in the small indoor pool. It was very warm as the sun had been on
the roof all day so when she laid on a mat by the pool side I opened her legs as
wide as they would go and felt her mound. It was of course shaved and bare which
is the way she likes to keep it. "Nice," I said to her, "but it does need
warming up." She knew what I meant and said not to do it too hard. "Why not," I
replied, "You've a long weekend in which to recover." I'd brought along my bag
of toys but decided not to tie her. I picked up a flogger similar to the one I
used on you and covered the inside of her thighs and pussy with red weals. When
she couldn't stand any more without closing her legs at every stroke I made her
clasp her hands above her head and whipped her tits until they too were red, raw
and sore. The heat inside the room, and the exertion had made me hot and horny
by then so I laid down on top of her in the classic 69 position and sucked her
off while she did the same for me. She was even more worked up because of the
way my belly squirmed on her tender tits and my hair rubbing the inside of her
thighs. We'd done similar things before and have again since but that was
probably the best. Maybe it was the warmth and the humidity or maybe just the
luxurious surroundings but that was a very special time."

Sonja finished. Vernon had an erection. Mary felt wet between her legs. Mary
asked if Sonja allowed Jeanette to whip her. "Sometimes if I am in the right
mood but I do whip her more than she whips me," was the reply.

"Are you in the mood now?"

"Not really. Perhaps I am like you were when you came here. Wanting to purge a
guilt."

"So you want a punishment whipping rather than a sexual experience?" Vernon
asked.

"Sort of. I think I ought to be punished if that will restore our friendship but
I want some sexual feelings from it too. Unfortunately if the whipping is too
hard then I go past the sex bit and only feel pain. However, tonight I feel the
decision should be taken from me. Like you were on your first night here, I want
to be restrained, gagged and helpless. Unable to control your actions. Trusting
you to know when to stop."

Mary asked, "Are you a lesbian like Jeanette?"

"You should know the answer to that after what Vernon and I did last weekend.
No, I am not a true lesbian more bisexual. There are times when I enjoy sex with
a woman but normally given a choice, I prefer men."

"Men, plural!" interjected Vernon.

"What do you think Vern. Should I do what she asks?"

"Do you want to?"

"No."

"If you don't she may hate you for not doing it. That might be more of a
punishment. A rejection of her. On the other hand if you do and go too far she
may hate you for that. On balance I think you ought to get yourself some revenge
or retribution as I put it to you. Besides I think I will enjoy seeing her
squirm under the whip for a change." Vernon smiled at the thought.

Mary pondered the issue. She had never whipped anyone or even thought about it.
Did she really want to hurt Sonja? No. She knew she didn't want to hurt Sonja in
that way. But Sonja should pay for the hurt she did to her and indirectly for
Vernon's leg. She decided not to do it. "No," she said as if it was going to be
the final word on the matter. The decision wasn't welcomed by either of the
others.

Vernon spoke. "You are my girl slave and therefore I order you, as your master
to whip Sonja's tits for as long as I say. I order you to whip Sonja's tits."

It was a cunning move to take the responsibility from Mary. "I am ordering you
to restrain Sonja and then to whip her tits and maybe her pussy too if I feel
like it. Make sure she really feels it and that her cries are well muffled.
There is no storm outside tonight to disguise the sounds."

Mary started crying, "Vern, please don't make me do this. We can kiss and make
up if you wish. I don't want to make her tits sore like mine were."

"They won't be like yours. They will have to take much more punishment."

"I see you read the captured spy story while I was in hospital," Vernon
remarked," Get the book and look at the picture of the girl in the interrogation
room. Restrain Sonja like that."

Mary took knew the picture he was referring to. It had stimulated her but she
imagined herself in the role of prisoner not as captor. "Mary do as you are
told. Act the role of the interrogator - and do it convincingly for me and for
Sonja. She wants it as well as I."

Mary braced herself and decided to take charge. "Remove your robe then get one
of the wooden kitchen chairs and bring it near the fire in the clear space
there, where I have room to manoeuvre." Sonja tried to look unconcerned but
inwardly was a little worried at Mary's tone of voice. Was she acting or was it
for real?. She did as she was told and on being instructed to, seated herself.
Mary got the cardboard box with the equipment and bent Sonja's legs back so she
could cuff the ankles to the inside of the back legs of the chair. This
automatically spread her knees and gave access to her cunt. Taking one of
Vernon's belts from the bedroom, she looped it around Sonja's waist and the
chair back. Cinching it tightly so Sonja could hardly wriggle let alone move.
Sonja looked more worried now.

Mary then pushed a cushion from the settee between Sonja and the chair back
forcing her to bend slightly forward. Cuffing each wrist, Mary fastened them
tightly to their opposite ankle forcing Sonja's breasts outward and well clear
of her chin. Sonja began shaking. She now feared Mary could, with her
inexperience, actually harm her. "Not too hard Mary, please," she cried.

"I don't want to hurt you at all but it is for my master to decide. You'll get
what he wants," Mary whispered, "I know you asked for it and you know you
deserve it but I don't want to give you the sort of pain I had."

Vernon though was quite pleased to see Sonja trussed and helpless. She was a
good fuck but always seemed to be the one in control. She instigated a sex
session and she terminated it. Last week he managed to outwit her for a short
time by making her drink his piss but now she was completely at his mercy - and
she knew it. However he knew better than go too far. He didn't want to look for
a new personal assistant!

"You are going to hurt her. She deserves it. Now get into the part. Either you
thrash her tits properly or I will have to continue after you finish That will
be much more painful if I whip them hard after you have made them tender."

Sonja shook more. "Please ..." Her pleas were cut off as the gag entered her
mouth. Mary gently squeezed the protruding tits and kneaded them until the
nipples were hard and outstanding. "I'm still not allowed to wear a bra for the
next week or so but I think you will not even want to try and wear one if Vernon
has his way."

Sonja's fear now manifested itself. Her bladder emptied itself. She tried to
hold it back. At first just a trickle came and noticing it Mary's practicality
came to the fore, she grabbed a washing-up bowl and strategically placed it
under the chair so that it caught most of the liquid. Some of course ran into
the hollow of the wooden seat forcing Sonja to sit in her own piss.

"Well, well, Sonja, not so brave now are we?" taunted Vernon, "And do you
realise you are blushing too? I didn't expect that. Time to start. Mustn't keep
you in suspense any longer. Get on with it Mary."

Mary picked up the flogger, flicked it a couple of times and then brought it
down quite hard across the top of both tits. Bright red marks appeared. "Sorry,"
she whispered in Sonja's ear, "That was a bit hard."

"Don't be lenient on her Mary," Vernon chided, "Remember last week and remember
my warning."

Next time she tried to hit upwards to catch the undersides but hit the right one
harder than the left. Sonja's eyes flew wide open and tears began to flow down
her cheeks.

"Do you remember what the inquisitor in the story did to make the whip sting
more? Didn't he dip the whip in water before using it on the girl? You can use
the liquid in the bowl." Mary was very surprised by the severity of Vernon
remarks but dipped the flogger in the washing up bowl of piss.

The next stroke wetly stung both nipples. Mary was almost hypnotized by the
movements of the breasts as the flogger struck. With almost as many tears
running down her cheeks as there were down Sonja's she blindly continued
alternately dipping and whipping at what she thought was a reasonable compromise
between hitting too hard and not hard enough to satisfy Vernon, she gave them a
dozen before looking at Vernon. "I think she has had enough Sir."

"Oh, I don't know," Vernon said, "She asked for the whipping so I think she
ought to get her money's worth." Vernon paused. Sonja could hardly believe her
ears. Her tits were so sore already they could not take any more. She wouldn't
be able to touch them for months. Vernon continued, "You're too lenient Mary,
but okay we'll leave her tits for now, put four on her cunt for making so much
mess."

Mary wasn't too sure about this but complied but without very much force.
"You're tickling her Mary. Now give her two more good ones." Mary did. Sonja
thought she would die.

"Now the kiss and make up bit. Kiss the bits you've made so sore Mary and
anywhere else you feel like kissing or sucking." Vernon ordered.

"Can I remove her gag? She looks as if she is choking."

"Only if she promises not to scream or shout abuse. Ask her."

In response to Mary's question, Sonja nodded affirmatively and her gag was
removed. Mary kept saying over and over how sorry she was for what she did. "Can
I untie her Sir?" she asked.

"Not yet. You must make love to her first. Kiss. Kiss her all over. Kiss her
like she said she did to Jeanette. Show her that you care. Give a pleasure now
you have given her pain."

Unsure as to what to do or where to start, Mary decided to begin at the top. She
kissed away some of the tears from Sonja's eyes, kissed her fully on the mouth.
Finding Sonja responded by opening her mouth she lingered there. Sonja put her
tongue into Mary's mouth, Mary reciprocated. She felt her cunt becoming wet. I
hope this is turning Sonja on too she thought. I hope I am giving her some
pleasure despite the pain she must be in. I only had three strokes across mine
and that was bad enough. She pulled away and cradled Sonja's head to her breast
and murmured, "Oh you poor girl, what have I done?"

She could feel tears from Sonja's eyes running over her breasts. Sonja kissed
them and took a nipple into her mouth. "That's nice," Mary remarked.

"Then do the same for me."

Mary gingerly sucked a tit. She could taste the piss but it wasn't strong enough
to be obnoxious. As gently as she could she kissed the tender flesh and moving
slowly over the tops of the breasts suckled the other nipple. Gradually her lips
made their way down the body until she reached the sex mound. Here is was a
little more difficult. Sonja still had a shallow pool of piss under her and the
chair prevented full access to her slit. Still the clit swollen from the flogger
was available so Mary sucked on it. Sonja moaned, "Yes, Mary, keep going."
Trying to avoid the pool of urine as much as possible, Mary did as she was asked
and it wasn't long before Sonja climaxed.

"Vern, I am going to release her now."

"I haven't said that you can," Vernon replied, "We could have more sport with
her yet."

"No. I am releasing her."

"Are you defying me slave girl?"

"Yes Sir, I am - and at this moment there is not much you can do about it." Mary
released Sonja's wrists. "Sonja has had more than enough punishment. She now
needs a little care, a shower and some soothing cream or spray and that I will
give her."

"I will have to record this insurrection and hold you to account later Mary, you
realise that don't you?" She saw Vernon was grinning as he said it.

Freed now, Sonja called Vernon a sadistic bastard but she said it without venom.
"That's twice within a week I have been called that," he replied.

Mary helped Sonja who was very unsteady on her feet after being restrained for
so long, into the shower. She sat her down and adjusted the water flow over the
tortured breasts. "Sit there for a bit. I'll help you wash and then I think the
spray cream would be best. Don't have to touch the flesh with that." She removed
the shower head from the wall and directed the spray directly on the breasts.
They were a vivid colour and already beginning to turn purple. Sonja moaned.
Even the force of the water was painful but it was soothing as well. "Ooohh they
really hurt. They hurt so much more than I ever thought they would."

"I do know what you mean. I had a fantasy idea of what a caning would feel like.
I imagined pain but reality is totally different. Perhaps that is why I didn't
want to hit you. I didn't believe you realised just what the consequences were.
I wondered if what you had from Jeanette was just a mild warming and not a real
whipping. And the pain doesn't just go away. For me it took several days for the
pain to reduce to the warm sexual feeling the books talk about."

"Yes, but now she knows what it actually feels like when she whips Jeanette or
some other poor soul hard." Vernon was in the wheelchair at the open bathroom
doorway. The step prevented him entering.

"Did you really want to hurt me this much Vernon?" Sonja asked, "You could have
stopped her earlier."

"Did you hit Jeanette as many times? More? Less."

"Probably more," Sonja admitted, "Although I may not have hit as hard each
time."

"Did they appear as sore and as colourful as yours are now?"

"Probably but hers are very small and firm so there is not so much area to hurt.
Yes, she was sore and in considerable pain after I finished. She though didn't
seem to mind that much and it did seem to make her extremely horny."

"Has it made you horny?"

"Not really. I feel more pain than sex although my pussy is warm from the
stripes there. My tits are so sore though I cannot think of much else."

"Well Sonja," Vernon concluded, "I hope this will not break our friendship. You
asked for a tit whipping. You got one albeit more than you expected. In a way I
think that was a good thing. You now know the actuality of pain and will
remember it when you apply it to others. Now Mary, make her comfortable and then
help me out of this chair so I can pee."

Mary finished cleaning Sonja at took her back into the living room. She sprayed
the sore tits but Sonja refused to have it on her pussy preferring, she said,
the warm feeling she had there.

Turning her attentions back to Vernon, she raised him up and opened his robe.
His prick was coated with a sticky mess. "I can see it turned you on," Mary
observed, "You need cleaning up too but first you will pee." Vernon realised why
he had to pee first. It was easier to sit on the loo rather than for her to hold
him in a standing position. Gently Mary moved his legs apart, knelt and watched
as he performed. When he'd finished she took his cock between her lips and
sucked it clean. Still a residue taste of piss and sperm but she could tolerate
that especially as she was doing it voluntarily.

Returning to the living room Vernon said, "Thanks, Mary. I'm didn't realize you
would be so upset at whipping Sonja. I thought you would have been pleased to
get your own back even if you were forced to do it. There's still a lot I don't
know about you. I don't think Sonja will hold it against you - or me for that
matter."

"You enjoyed watching didn't you?"

"Yes. It was quite a change to have her under my complete control."

"And you got your rocks off as well."

Vernon laughed, "You must have spent a lot of time reading my books to come out
with an expression like that." Mary blushed but to avoid answering she enquired
how his leg felt now. It was still very sore and painful. She kissed him as she
remarked, "We all have had more than our fair share of pain this week."

Sonja said, "You can say that again." Her robe was open so the air could cool
some of the fire in her breasts and to keep the fabric from rubbing them. "No, I
don't hold it against you Mary," she continued putting her arm around Mary's
shoulders and giving her a hug, "But I may have to get my own back on that
bastard when he is no longer an invalid!" Again it was said with a smile rather
than venom.




Chapter 12. Home

Later that evening Mary's curious dichotomy again came to the fore. In all
sexual aspects she was the archetypal submissive slave girl but in practical
domestic matters she was in charge especially when it came to seeing after
Vernon's welfare.

By 8.30 Vernon was looking very tired. Mary could see he was just forcing
himself to keep awake. "Bedtime for you Vernon," she told him.

"Are you ordering me about again little slave girl?"

"No, this is your nurse telling you what to do and if you don't do it you will
find me almost as bad as the battle-ax nurse."

"Only almost?" he laughed.

Mary helped him into the bathroom and then into bed where she insisted he take a
couple of the prescribed painkillers to make sleeping easier. Spreading the
duvet loosely over his body she kissed him goodnight and as she quietly left the
room heard him murmur, "Battle-ax wouldn't have done that."

"How's the pain?" she enquired as she sat alongside Sonja on the settee.

"Pretty awful."

"I know I shouldn't but I think I will give you a couple of Vernon's painkillers
when you go to bed. They are much stronger than the Anadin which is the only
other pain relief tablets we have here. I didn't find them all that much help."

"Thanks, nurse." The bubbly laugh was coming back into Sonja's voice

"I'll spray you again then too," Mary added.

They sat closely side by side and chatted like old friends and equals. Sonja's
natural ability to get others to talk about themselves without seemingly
questioning them wormed the whole of Mary's life story from her until it was
time for bed. Mary did what she could to ease Sonja's pain but it was impossible
to take it all away. The pills took about 15 minutes to kick in. They helped but
for how long?

"Tonight Sonja, you will sleep on the far side of the bed where I slept last
week - unless you prefer to make the bed up in the guest room." Sonja didn't.
She accepted Mary's authority. "I will sleep in the middle so that Vern has more
room for his leg on the outside."

It was a disturbed night. Sonja kept turning to try and find a place where there
was no pressure on her breasts. The warmth of the bed caused Vernon's leg to
swell and to itch inside the plaster. Mary got up around 2.30 and found a large
box which she placed under the sheet to create a cavity in which he could put
the plaster and that seemed to help but Vernon slept fitfully. Mary hardly slept
at all. At one point during the night when Vernon finally dozed and was gently
snoring, she felt Sonja's hand between her legs, stroking her sex. It felt
relaxing so she opened her thighs a little. Sonja took this as an invitation and
masturbated Mary to a climax. "You seem to be the only one who didn't get any
sex tonight," she whispered in Mary's ear.

Vernon woke very early with a full bladder and his leg very painful. It was
still dark outside so the urinal bottle came in useful. He didn't sleep much
after that. Neither did Mary. Both would have liked to fuck but it would have
been difficult even on their own in daylight but three in a bed with the third
one getting some much needed rest, it was impossible.

Saturday was spent looking after the invalids. Sonja had Mary massage ointment
into her now purple breasts. The pain had died down somewhat so she decided to
get some pleasure from a massage. Vernon still had problems with the cast but
seemed to be painfully coping. It was another fine day, a day when they could
have gone walking. More to get out of the house than of necessity, all three
went to Malham and did some shopping. They didn't stay out long. Maneuvering
Vernon around the narrow supermarket aisles was difficult and the pub looked
crowded so they returned and spent the rest of the day quietly. Stopping at Mrs.
Harris's house to inform her they would leave for home the next day she invited
them in but because of the steps to the house, they declined.

During the evening Sonja treated them to a colourful breast display asked Mary
for another massage. Mary obliged which made Vernon horny so he too wanted a
massage, this time of his cock. Both girls helped although Mary made it quite
clear she was in charge and Sonja was only assisting.

At bedtime Vernon seemed in more pain than earlier in the day. Mary gave him
more painkillers but the effect only lasted a short while. At midnight the pain
had become intolerable. The leg had become very swollen and was so tight inside
the plaster it was stopping the circulation to his toes. She phoned the hospital
and they sent an ambulance to bring him in straight-away. Mary followed by car
leaving Sonja to sleep for what remained of the night.

In the hospital they quickly cut off the plaster and replaced it with a
temporary splint while they did more tests and X-rays. Apparently it is a not
too frequent occurrence after major surgery which is why they were reluctant to
release him on Friday. Mary stayed overnight with Vernon. They had given him a
sedative so he was able to sleep through.

The doctors did their rounds about mid morning and pronounced they would keep
Vernon in for another week. Mary and Vernon discussed what to do. If he was to
be in hospital for a further week, he would need more clothes as well as items
from his office. Mary too, would need other clothing especially as she had only
brought gear for a walking holiday. Sonja needed to get back to London.

"How do you feel about driving the Rangerover back to Suffolk?" Vernon asked.

Mary wasn't used to driving long distances. The Rangerover would be more
comfortable than her little Fiat but even so the stress of the previous night
watching over Vernon would make the journey very tiring. If she took Sonja they
could share the driving and then she could put Sonja on the train at Ipswich.
Mary made a list of the items he wanted and added, "And bring back any bills of
yours that need paying. Don't put them behind the clock or whatever you do with
them. Well deal with them and get them paid in the morning." Mary protested but
Vernon would have none of it. "Do as I tell you slave girl!"

They arrived at Vernon's house around 6 p.m. and were unpacked and drinking tea
and coffee before seven. Mary phoned Sylvia to let her know what was happening
and then lit a fire in the lounge before starting dinner and while it was
cooking sat on a chair in before the fire - and promptly fell asleep. She was
utterly exhausted. Lack of sleep for the previous nights, the long drive and all
the events of the previous week seemed to catch up with her all at once.

Sonja let her sleep. She finished cooking dinner and ate while still Mary slept.
"Poor thing is exhausted," Sonja thought, "I'm not going to ask her to drive me
to Ipswich station tonight I will wait to the morning now. It'll be a good
excuse for being late."

Mary woke around 11 p.m. amazed she had slept so long. She worried though about
the cooking and if Sonja had eaten. It took a little while to reassure her all
was well. Sonja microwaved her dinner and she ate in front of the fire. Sonja
decided to use the bed in the guest room as it was already made up and she
wanted Mary to get a good night's sleep.

Early next morning Mary drove Sonja to the station and returned to the village.
Parking the Rangerover outside her cottage, Mary went to unlock the door. The
key wouldn't fit. Sergeant Williams appeared at her side. He wasn't in uniform
but a village bobby is never off duty. Startled Mary asked, "Have you come to
arrest me?"

"No, I saw the car and I wondered if you would try to get in. Rocher's lawyers
came and changed the locks in case you tried to do a runner before the court
case."

"But Vernon, Mr. Rocher dropped all the charges....."

"That's what I thought," Sergeant Williams replied but it seems he didn't tell
the folks handling the case. We all thought he would have done after you saved
his life."

"You know about that?"

"Mary your fame has gone before you. The story was on the front page of the East
Anglian last week and Sylvia Simmonds said you were all due back Wednesday.
Certainly you caused a few tongues to wag in the village post office for a few
days. I don't know if it was your heroism or the fact you were with Mr. Rocher
that caused most comment." The sergeant chuckled to himself. "It was quite a
surprise to me after what had happened earlier. I guess Mr. Rocher found a way
of paying off your debt," added the sergeant.

"So the whole village now knows I was with him! Do they know why?"

"I don't think so Mary. That didn't go further than the police station unless
the Rocher lawyers let it out. What are you doing with Mr. Rocher's car?"

Cheekily she answered, "I was going to load some stuff, Sergeant and get the
bills that need paying. "Ver...Mr. Rocher cannot drive with his leg in plaster
and I am going back up there for a bit and then I have a job as his secretary.
At least that is what he told me."

"You're moving in with him then?"

"I was, but now I don't know. He told me he had dropped all charges but it seems
as if he didn't and I may have just been led along and I will still lose the
house and everything."

"Mary, I've known you for a long while and know you are a good hearted kid.
Remember though, Mr. Rocher has a reputation for changing women regularly so be
prepared. First though check with him about what is happening. It maybe he just
hasn't told those who need to know."

"Thanks sergeant, I'll do that but I'm not sure that I can trust him anymore."
Tears for the umpteenth time in the past few weeks formed in Mary's eyes.

Sylvia was cleaning the house when Mary returned to Vernon's place. Seeing she
was distressed Sylvia stopped her cleaning and made mugs of tea and Mary told
her as much of the whole story as she dared. Mary knew the middle aged lady as
an acquaintance of her mothers but didn't know her all that well. She seemed a
friendly soul and just listened with very few interruptions. At its conclusion,
she said, "Mary, I've worked for Vernon for a very long time, I've met many of
his lady friends and so called secretaries, I have a pretty good idea of what he
gets up to when he brings them here. I can't say I approve of what he does but
as long as it doesn't affect me and he pays my wages then I go along with it. In
fact he is a good bloke to work for. For all his faults, I have never known
Vernon not to keep his word. I think you should hear what he has to say."

"But he told me before we went that it was all settled. He wasn't proceeding
with the damages claim. He hasn't keep his word. I trusted him..... I ......"
She broke into tears again.

Sylvia put her arms around Mary's shoulders and gave her a hug. "I have a
feeling you have actually fallen in love with him," she said.

"I thought so, but now I'm not sure whether it was all some con trick."

Sylvia picked up the phone and called Vernon's room at the hospital. After
asking after his health and explaining the problem Vernon asked her put Mary on.
"Mary, Mary, I am as shocked at the news as you are, please believe me. I gave
you my word and at the moment I don't know why Rodrick and co. have gone ahead
without my permission but I do know I will find out and when I do a few heads
will roll. Mary, you have only been gone one day and yet I miss you so much. I
have come to love having you by my side, I have come to love you." Vernon
paused. Mary didn't speak still unsure of what she was hearing. "Are you still
there, Mary? Did you hear what I said?"

"Yes, Vern, I love you too. I miss you too so much."

"Mary stay in the house and I will see what I can do to sort Rodrick and his
cohorts out. I'll need to make a few phone calls and then I'll get back to you."

Fifteen minutes later when the phone rang again, Mary grabbed it. It was Sonja.
Mary, mindful of Sylvia's presence asked if her chest was still sore. "Yes, very
tender. You were right I won't wear a bra for a week or more. Jeanette has
promised to rub ointment in tonight so that should help. But I wasn't phoning
for that. Vernon told me of your problem with Rodrick. Sorry its partly my
fault. I left a message on Angela's desk to call Rodrick and cancel the
application. She arrived late that day and was unsure what it meant, She was
going to get back to me but I was tied up with the computer programme and
presentation so put it aside and then the bitch forgot about it. You can't get
the staff these days can you?" She gave one of her infectious laughs. "I am
trying to get through to Mr. Rodrick himself now but he is not due in for
another hour and his mobile is switched off. I'll let you know what happens as
soon as I know. Meanwhile I'll see if Angela wants to clear her desk or accept
an alternative ..." Her voice trailed off. Anyway I'll let you know what happens
as soon as I know."

"Thanks Sonja. Don't be too hard on Angela, remember you know what it's like now
and you seem to be partly to blame."

"Yes, and you know what it's like to be a slave too don't you dear? It's made
you very close to your master so maybe.....?" These words were whispered into
the mouthpiece as though she didn't want anyone else to hear then in a louder
voice, "I'm going to hand you over to Angela now she wants a few words."

"I'm ever so sorry Miss Curtis, I didn't know it was so important and Sonja's
note was a bit cryptic. I know I should have followed it up but it just put it
aside and it got buried by other paperwork and it slipped my mind. I am really
really sorry."

"Hello Angela, I hope you realise the problems this has caused. I know things
like this happen in all offices. It has happened to me. It always easy to make
excuses when someone else is involved but when it happens to yourself it is much
more difficult to accept. Still I don't think it was all your fault, in fact I
know it wasn't so I accept your apology and will speak to Sonja on your behalf.
She is in charge of the office, not I, so I can't say what she will do."

"Thanks, Miss Curtis...." "Mary, please," interjected Mary. "But it could either
be my job or my backside that pays if Sonja has anything to do with it."

"You seem to have experience of Sonja's methods already."

"'Fraid so. That's how I got the job. But I am sorry. Please believe me it was
nothing personal against you, I hadn't heard of you until the newspaper
reports."

Mary put the phone down. Her faith in Vernon began to return. He phoned again
but hadn't any further news.

It was over an hour later when she had a very formal call from Mr. Rodrick.
"Miss Curtis it appears I must formally tender my apologies to you for the
inconvenience you have suffered by being unable to gain entrance to your
house....." and so it went on. A very pompous apology that really wasn't an
apology at all. Just a recital trying to shift responsibility elsewhere. He had
assumed Vernon would proceed with the damages claim and went ahead without
further instructions.

Mary perceived this. "Mr. Rodrick, I hear what you say but to my mind you acted
without authority and are the one person actually responsible for my being
locked out of my own home. I am sure therefore that if you value Mr. Rocher's
custom you will make amends and have the new keys sent to me by an express
courier service. I presume you have them at your London office so if you use a
motor cycle courier to avoid some of the snarl ups in Eastern London at this
time of day, the keys should be with me at Mr. Rocher's house in about two
hours."

Rodrick hummed and hawed like most lawyers but Mary insisted and he capitulated.
He had already received calls from Sonja and Vernon offering other threats to
his continued business.

By late afternoon the keys had arrived and Mary had sorted out the stuff she
wanted and put it with the pile for Vernon. Too late for the long journey north
she spent the night alone in Vernon's bed.

*********

Vernon was released the following Friday. The hospital had done some minor
adjustments to the setting of his leg and again encased it in plaster. They
recommended he go to a local hospital and have it replaced by a lighter one in
about a fortnight. Mary had returned to the cottage in Arncliffe on the Tuesday
and spent as much time with him as she was able. They spent the remainder of the
Friday and all day Saturday recuperating in the cottage. She would have loved to
have driven him on to the moors for a short break but the weather was against
it. Heavy rain and strong winds, just like on their first day.

By packing the car between the heaviest showers on Saturday they were able to
make an early start for Suffolk in the quiet of the Sunday morning. By the time
they were into Leicestershire the sun had broken through and it continued fine
for the rest of the way. Mary thought this a good omen.

Both were very tired when they arrived, Mary from the long hours at the wheel
trying to drive as smoothly as possible so as not to jerk Vernon's leg, Vernon
from just sitting watching the lines in the road flash by. Fortunately Sylvia
had popped in and lit a fire ready for their arrival. Again a cheery welcome.
Mary pottered around and made a meal, then the pair just watched television
before having an early night. It was their first time in bed together in the
comparative luxury of Vernon's bed. They cuddled, kissed and slept.

Mary was up early to make tea and then returned to the bed with Vernon. He had a
full erection but couldn't use it in the normal way. He persuaded Mary to sit on
top of him and do the work which was fairly successful except the end of the
plaster kept getting in the way and every time her body touched it a pang of
pain went down Vernon's leg. "We'll have to make do with the 69 position for the
time being," Vernon said, "That's better than nothing until I get the plaster
off."

Lying together afterwards, both semi-satisfied, Mary asked, "Vern? Will you make
me your slave again when you're better? Please"

"If that is what you want Mary."

"And take me to the moorland cottage and do some of the things you were going to
do to me?"

"Yes, if that is what you really want. But there is something you must do for me
first."

"You know I will do what I can for you. You only have to ask."

"Marry me."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





