BDSM Library - The TG Limits: Aliens, Aliens...




The TG Limits: Aliens, Aliens...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy gets an unexpected visit from two perverted aliens.
There is nothing wrong with your computer screen. Do not attempt to adjust the
monitor. We are now controlling the transmission. We control the horizontal and
the vertical. We can deluge you with a thousand transformations or expand one
single crossdresser to crystal clarity and beyond. We can shape your reading to
anything our imagination can conceive. For this story we will control all that
you see and read. You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches
from the deepest inner mind to the TG limits.

TGZONE: Aliens, Aliens...


Tom Pierceson drove down the dirt road wearily looking for a place to park and
take a nap.  His job as a journalist for the LA post led him to a small town in
Smallcreek, Indiana, where there had been many reports of strange lights seen in
the sky the past few weeks.  The sky was clear and quiet on this moonlit night,
and only the rattling sound of the Chevy pickup Tom drove, could be heard.  He
finally spotted a clearing off to the side of the road where he could get some
rest.  Amy the airhead secretary of his editor forgot to book reservations at
the local motel so Tom had only his car as a bed tonight.  He cautiously parked
the 84' chevy in the clearing and cut the engine off.

"What the hell happened to my career that I getting sent to backroad towns like
this." Tom muttered as he reclined in his seat.

Tom continued to look up at the stars as he started to drift off to sleep...  A
rattle awoke Tom upbruply as he looked around startled scanning for what caused
it.  As he looked over the wooded area from his car, a dull humming sound could
be heard coming from above.  He got out his car to see what was causing the
noise, and gasped at what he saw hovering over in the sky.  A large rotating
disc shaped craft with strange bright lights hovered above him covereing the
midnight sky.

"Holy Shit!" Tom screamed. Suddenly a hatch under the silver craft opened and
out came a greenish beam that was pointed at Tom.  He felt paralyzed and could
not move as his body was lifted into the air by this beam and toward the
awaiting ship.  Horror overtook Tom as he realize that this must be some sort of
alien abduction and that he was helpless to stop it.  Slowly a drowsy feeling
came over him, as the beam's strange power forced him to sleep as he was brought
in to the ship...

Tom slowly awoke and looked around to survey where he was.  He was in a circular
room covered in silver, that also had a bed and a door on the opposite end.  He
also realize he was totally naked and that he had been bathed.  Tom immediately
ran over and tried to open door to no avail.

"Let me outta here!" Tom yelled as he began to hit the metal walls.

Suddenly the door open and in stepped two of the most beautiful women Tom had
ever seen.  The one in front stood easily over 7' feet tall but with everything
in proper proportions and then some.  She had on a skin tight silver-bluish
uniform that showed off ever curve and muscle of her body.  Her gigantic breasts
were each the size of basketballs and strained against her uniform looking like
they could burst out at any minute.  Her muscles were lean yet cut and ripped
like a well trained athlete�s, and every movement she made showed them off.  The
other woman also wore the same style uniform, yet her body was smaller in frame,
6'8 or so,  yet her curves were a little more exaggerated.  After looking at her
red hair Tom thought she was a dead ringing for Jessica Rabbit.

"Hello Earthling, My name is Vatima and this my partner Moridan.  We are members
of the Venustion space corps and mean you no harm..." the tallest girl said.

"Why then have you abducted me and stripped me naked.?" Tom proclaimed half
angry and half aroused.

"Me and Moridan took our ship to your planet to do a little field resaerch.  You
see on Venus everyone is female.." Vatima says before pausing, "Even tho half
have the same kind of equipment as a male.  Venus women have a perculiar taste,
just like you earthlings with alcohol.  We desire the taste of an Earth' man's
cum, and it is a delicacy on our planet that is worth a lot of money.  For some
reason Earth men's cum give off a narcotic like effect to most humanoid spe�ies
in the universe, probably because your planet is so alive."

"What do you mean?" Tom asked as his eyes drifted down to her crotch area.  A
bulge was becoming visibly uder her suit and then it clicked for Tom.  "Wait...,
your a shemale?"

"Yes I guess in Earth terms you could say that." Moridan muttered sarcastically.

"All we want is to get a few deposits from you and then we will be on our way."
Vatima said.  She then began to peel her suit down her sleak amazon-like body. 
As she pull the suit down below the crotch, her cock flopped out and stood only
2 inches.

"You Venus shemales sure aren't that big are you." Tom chuckled as she threw her
suit to the side of the room.

"Oh really?" Vatima said irritated, "We have very flexible penises earth boy,
and our cocks start off at only 1 or 2 inches, but grow to over ten inches long
and four inches wide.  Vatima began rubbing her mammoth breasts with both hands,
letting out soft moans.  Moridan came over and took Vatima's cock in her mouth
while using her hands to caress and massage her buttcheeks.  Vatima's cock grew
bigger and bigger in Moridan's mouth until it reached it maxium of twelve
inches, stretching Moridan's mouth in the process.  Vatima stepped away from her
partner and walked up to Tom proudly.  "Is this not big enough for you now
Earthling?" she said with a grin.  Tom couldn't believe how aroused he got
looking at the scene with the two alien shemales, the strange mix of beautiful
women and powerful cocks were something he was never be exposed to before.  "I
can see you enjoyed our little performance by the bulge in your pants, now it's
time to prepare you." Vatima said.

"Prepare me?" Tom asked as he saw Vatima pull a pocket sized device out of her
suit and point it at him.

"Don't worry, this won't hurt."  Vatima said, as she pressed a button on the
device and shot a small beam at Tom.  He immediately began having a series of
massive orgasms and he fell on the bed writhing in pleasure.  He tried to speak
but whatever was shot at him was too overwhelming as he shot load after load in
the air.  Moridan grabbed a grey vacuumlike device from the other room and
attached a hose from it on to Tom penis.  Tom continued to buck his hips high in
the air as the waves of pleasures shot through him, while all his cum was being
sucked into the device.

"Let's leave him for a few hours until the transformation and deposit is done." 
Vatima told Moridan as she left the room.

Hours had passed when Tom finally awoke, he didn't know how long he had been
out, only that he must of had over hundred climaxes.  He stared up at the
ceiling feeling the blissful after effects of the orgasms, and the wonder of
that strange device that gave them to him.  Tom was also surprised that he felt
even hornier now and thought he could go for another hundred.  "I should he have
been spent after all that. " Tom said.  He took eyes down form the ceiling and
let out a scream at what he saw, two huge tits on top of his chest.  "What the
hell."  Tom said as he began pinching himself.  He stood up and looked over his
body in horror, his brown hair flowed down past his shoulders, he had two firm
bowlingball sized tits, his waist had shrunk to supermodel width, his hips and
butt were round and curvy, and his legs were muscular and trim.  Thankfully Tom
still had his cock and balls, yet they seemed a little swollen.  He touched his
cock to make sure everthing was okay down there and was overtaken with a
powerful sensation of pleasure.  "Damn, my dick feels unbelievable."  he said
startled, yet happy.   All of a sudden the door opened and the two Venusion
women stepped back in.

"I trust you like the modifications we made to your body Earthling."  Vatima
said arrogantly.

"Hell no, I didn't give you permission to turn me into some kind of freak." 
Tome barked back.

"First off Earthling, lower your tone, secondly this was needed so that we can
maximize your deposit amount.  Your new body is far superior to your old one."
Vatima said.

"But I'm a man, how can I go back to my life on Earth like this." Tom answered.

"Perhaps you don't understand the benefits of your new body." Vatima said.  "You
will not age anymore, nor get sick, just as if you were Venusion.  We mixed your
DNA in our Venusion resequencer and your our first hybrid, the perfect
combination of Earthling and Venusion.  That's what I shot you with earlier, the
DNA transformation started when the beam hit you and those endless orgasms were
the side-effect.  Your penis has gone from six inches to eleven, of course, we
didn't want to make you too big for Earth women." Vatima smirked.  "Your anus is
extremely elastic now in that it can stretched  and accept an object the size of
a enormous size, yet when the object is removed it returns back to its tight
form.  But perhaps the most impressive improvement is in the nerve structure of
your anal cavity.  We combined Venusion DNA with it so that whenever you have a
visitor from behind the sensation will be comparable of an Earth woman's
vagina." Vatima said, as she and Moridan stripped their clothing off.

"No one is entering my backside, let's get that clear."  Tom said defiantly. 
The look in the eyes of Venusion women was that of lust and he knew what they
wanted from him.  Moridan brought a bag out of the other room and sat it on the
bed.

"We have had enough of your lame protests Earthling, it's now time you know your
place as this ship's whore."  Moridan said as threw Tom with amazing strength on
to the bed.  Her cock swelled larger and larger until it stood over fourteen
inch long and thick as a baseball bat.  "Fuck, you are a hot piece of ass
Earthling, I guess that's where I'll start."  she said lustfully.

"Okay enough of this mister, or misses..., nice guy."  Tom said with fear.  He
jumped off the bed and headed for the door.  Moridan pull a rubber ball from her
bag and threw it at Tom.  As soon as it hit his body a strange plastic
streamerlike substance shot out from the ball and all around Tom.   From all
angles Tom was bound, there was nothing he could do as the material was too
strong to break.

"You will pay for that."  Vatima said angrily, as she pulled the bound Tom back
onto the bed.  "I was going to take it easy on you, but now I feel no need to
hold back."  she said as she got onto the bed behind him.  "Another good thing
about your new body is that it needs no lubrication."  Vatima said to her
captive.

"No lubrication?"  Tom said as Vatima entered his rear with a massive thrust. 
"AHHH" was all he could get out as waves of pleasure shot through his rear.

"I'm sure your now feeling the effects of your new body, your human prostate
gives off infinite more amount of stimulation now, and as I told you your anus
will feel like a vagina to you."  Vatima said.  "Mmmm, your even more
spectacular than I expected Earthling."  she said as her thrusts increased in
frequency and stride.  Vatima grabbed hold of Tom's wrists which were bound
behind his back by the rubber substance, and rode him like a jockey.  Each
thrusts made Tom pant with unequal satisfaction, while the feeling of the
bondage on his skin stimulated nerves all over his body.  Vatima could not
believe the tightness and firm of Tom's ass and was overcome as she neared
climax.  "Ahh,ahhh,ahhh, mmmpppphhh"  she screamed as she shot her load deep
into Tom, and collapsed onto his much smaller frame.

"That was unbelievable, I have never had such sensations in my life."  Tom
moaned with a full hardon.  "Can you please finish me off."  he said.

Vatima started rubbing her cock  and after a few seconds she was rock hard
again.  "I knew you would enjoy it, and with the quick recovery we have, I'll be
for than able and happy to finish you." she said.  She push a button on the
rubberball and all the rubber streamers went back into the ball.  "I have untied
you because I think you'll play nice now, don't disappoint me."

"May I join in Vatima?"  Moridan asked.

"Sure, you can show him the flexibility of his mouth."  Vatima said.  Moridan
got on her knees in front of Tom and put her fourteen inch dick between his
lips.

"Suck it my little whore."  Moridan said playfully.  Tom was amazed how easy he
took her penis in his mouth, it stretched and acclimated it easily.  Vatima was
at it again, thrusting deep into Tom's ass with her 7' foot frame, and now
slapping his buttcheeks as she rode him.   Tom felt like he was going to pass
out from all the pleasure that his body were receiving, all the nerves in his
body had been reprogrammed to give off more stimulation and that's what it did. 
The orgy continued for hours,  as Tom was taken on the bed, the floor, against
the wall, and bound in many positions.  The final orgasm came as they all stood
with Tom in between Vatima and Moridan, and Moridan fucking his ass as Vatima
gave him the blowjob of his life.  They all collasped onto the bed tried,
satisfied, and entangled.

"You were great tonight Earth boy, I thought the rumors of Earthling's
suppleness and warmth were exaggerated, but I was wrong."  Vatima said,  as she
stood up.  "Take the gift we have given you and use it wisely, you must never
speak of this to any human for your sake and ours." she said sternly

"You got it, but how will I assimilate back in Earth with no I.D., money or
job." Tom asked.

"Don't worry, we  took care of that the first time you passed out."  Moridan
said as she reached into the black bag she brought in earlier.  "Every thing in
here is yours to use, it contains a new identity and past for you, one million
earth dollars that we took from a druglord on your planet two years ago, and
many other gadgets that I'm sure you'll enjoy."  she said.

"I wish I didn't have to go but I guess I wouldn't fit in on Venus."  Tom said.

"Your right, on Venus Earthlings are sold as sex pets, since we Venusions are
cold-blooded species the difference between sex with a warm-blooded human is
tremendous."  Vatima said.

"It's time Vatima." Moridan said as she looked the control panel in the other
room.

"Wait, I can't go back naked can I?" Tom said.

"Oh your right, we forgot to give a new set of clothing."  Vatima said. 
"Moridan, bring in the clothes we got for him."  Moridan disappeared for a
couple of minutes and came back with a handful of skimpy looking clothes.  "We
get tons of Earth broadcast signals on Venus and got you the standard looking
outfit based on those shows.  This on in particular is from that network called
the Baywatch."  she said.

"Baywatch?"  Tom said thinking that this wasn't good.

"Here you go"  Moridan said as she dumped the clothes into his lap.  "Try it
on."  Tom picked up a red bikini thong from the pile and pulled it up over his
glistening legs.  "My you look even hotter with clothes on sweetcheeks." Moridan
said as she began caressing his perfectly shaped rear.  "Mmmm, maybe I should
take you for another spin."

"We have no time Moridan, the fuel are just about charged and we can't miss the
wormhole." Vatima said disappointed.

"Well I could at least help Earthy to dress."  Moridan said.  She picked up a
skimpy red bra from the pile and after teasing his breasts and nipples a little,
snap it onto his chest and let her hands glide down his waist.

"Man, you guys don't make it easy to leave" Tom murmured.

Moridan picked up the last  piece of clothing off the bed, a pair of red six
inch heels and put them on Tom's feet.  "How does those feel?"  she asked

"Wow, they feel great, my feet are really flexible and comfortable, my feet have
shrunk a little."  Tom said. Tom stood up and hugged the two amazon aliens and
then gave each a lustful tongue kiss to say goodbye.

"Goodbye Earthling we will miss you, and take care."  Vatima said as she and
Moridan bowed and went into the other room.  As the door closed the room began
to glow with a green tint, and Tom felt the familiar feeling of paralyze again. 
He was beamed back down by his car, and with a voom the craft took off.  Tom
looked at himself and thought it would be best if he got some new clothes as he
was a magnet for all sorts of lowlifes with the baywatch outfit on.

"This is unreal."  is all Tom could say as he got in his car and rove off back
to LA under his new idenity of Katelin Hopsin, and the bag full of strange new
things for him to try out.  When he drove back on to the dirt road he stop his
car and looked back on the spot where his transformation began one last time,
and then drove off to new beginnings...


THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lessie Stevens


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





