BDSM Library - Parker 26: Susan




Parker 26: Susan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female executive's fascination with lesbian submission and spanking gradually seeps over into her professional life.

                                  PARKER26.TXT

                                     SUSAN
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi
                          (from an original idea by C)

          WARNING: This story concerns sexual situations of a somewhat
          non-consensual nature between somewhat non-consenting
          adults. If this sort of fantasy offends you, don't read it.

            Copyright 1996 by Parker. Feel free to distribute freely
                (unchanged of course), but be discrete about it.

          NOTE: This story follows on from the Parker story CHRISTINA.

       =================================================================

     "...you get it?"

     The blonde looked amused. "Did you think your secretary didn't know your
voice mail password?" The secretary - Judith - shook her head, smiling.

     Susan took a deep, shaky breath and settled back in her chair.  Trying not
to be obvious about it, the brunette wiped her sticky fingers dry on her jeans
and stared across the desk at the cassette tape in the girl's hand. "Soooo...,"
she said, searching for a way to take control of the situation, "what are
you..."

     No. 

     That wasn't going to work. 

     The direct approach: "What do you want?"

     The girl laughed, her blue eyes bright and shining. "I just want to know,"
she answered lightly. "I want to know how *Ms.* Susan Westbrook, MBA, CA, CCA
and god knows what else, came to be doing..."

     She held up the cassette tape. 

     "...that."

     That.

     Susan frowned and turned away, gazing around her office as if trying to
gain strength from the familiar environment. "And if I don't?"

     Judith shrugged. "Then I'll give the tape to Ms. Langmead, and you can
tell her all about it." The young secretary smiled. "And I'm sure Jim would
be...".

     Jim!

     "Leave him out of this," Susan told her, her eyes wide with fear as she
realized the ramifications of what Judith was threatening.  If Ms. Langmead
heard the tape, she'd probably - certainly - be fired; if her husband heard the
tape... Her eyes glistening with impending tears, Susan Westbrook slumped back
in her chair.

     She had no choice.

     "I... I don't know where to start."

     "Start at the beginning," Judith advised her, smirking at her boss's
capitulation. "Go to the end... and then stop."

     Sniffling, Susan began to speak...

                                     *****


     I'm not certain where to begin. 

     It started just about two months ago. 

     I met my... the woman on the phone and we... we made love. I met her a few
times after that and...

                                     *****

     "I'm out of here."  

     Susan looked up in surprise as the young blonde woman stood up and turned
away.  "What...".

     "I know there's more to it than that," Judith told her, walking towards
the office door. "There has to be. If that's the way you're going to be, I'm
just going to drop the tape off at...".

     "No, please," Susan begged her, eyes wide. "I... I'll tell you the whole
thing. Please... don't...".

     Judith looked doubtful, but stopped walking away. After a moment, she
returned to her seat and sat back down again. "I'll give you one more chance,"
she said. "The next time I stand up, I'm gone... and so is the tape.
Understand?"

     Susan nodded, biting her lower lip. The thought of telling everything to
this obnoxious young woman terrified her, but... she couldn't help but feel
that now familiar warmth slowly spreading out from her crotch. She wanted to
reach down... to stoke that warmth into a flame, but, even behind the desk she
was frightened the other woman would see.

     Eyes turned down, she began to speak again...

                                     *****

     You know about Christina... I imagine it's been all through the office by
now... about her quitting and about... about what I saw after... her and that
black woman on the street. I... I couldn't get her out of my mind. I kept
wondering what it would be like... you know... uhmmm... to be like that with
another woman. And not just to be with another woman but to be... controlled...
even, uh, you know... spanked by that woman.

     Stuff like that. 

     After a while, I became obsessed with it. I knew I had to try it; I
couldn't think about anything else. I thought about calling the black woman,
but I didn't have the nerve to do that.

     She knew who I was.

     Where I worked.

     So I thought I'd try downtown. In the city. There's lots of prostitutes
there; they'd never seen me before and wouldn't know anything about me.

     It would be safe.

     The first time I went was awful. I got so nervous driving along the strip
that I almost threw up in the car. I drove slowly... watching all the women
along the street.  I wanted to stop and... and get one.

     But I couldn't. 

     I just drove around for a while, staring, and then went home. That night,
I cried myself to sleep, imagining all the things I wished I'd done.

     I tried again a few nights later. 

     This time, I drank three stiff rum and cokes to loosen myself up while
getting dressed... to give me courage. I put on a short, pleated, pink skirt
and a pink blouse. Underneath I was wearing no bra, sheer stockings and
suspenders and sheer, filmy nylon panties. Almost see-through but not quite. I
put on a pair of shiny black high-heels and a modest amount of make-up. By the
time I finished getting dressed and finishing off the third rum and coke, I was
ready to go. The thought of what I was going to do had me buzzing. By the time
I got downtown, my panties were soaking.

     I mean *really* soaking. 

     I dropped one hand to my crotch and began to play with myself as I drove
slowly along the strip, searching for the right girl. I felt my nipples harden
as I slid my fingers up and down along my pussy. I looked down and could
clearly see their outline through my blouse. I felt mortified at the sight;
what would the girl would think of me? My nipples were *very* erect. Almost
sore as they sort of grazed against my blouse as my body moved.

     Finally, I chose a girl.

     I got a good look at her as I pulled over. She was in her early twenties,
about ten years younger than me. Quite attractive, I thought, with a good
figure and blonde hair cut into a bob. Her clothes were really slutty. I mean
*really* slutty. She wore high patent black stilettoes, fishnet stockings -
sounds like a cliche but true - *very* tight, high-cut, black P.V.C. shorts,
with a black P.V.C. waistcoat type of jacket. She had on a tight black, lycra
top that showed off her ample cleavage as she bent into the window of the car.
Although *her* nipples weren't erect it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a
bra.

     I'd never done anything like this before and I was terrified that she
would laugh in my face. But she didn't. She just asked in a bored tone of voice
what I wanted. What I wanted at that moment was for the earth to open up and
swallow me down, but, after a slight hesitation, I managed to half-whisper the
words: 'Will you spank me?'.

     She seemed surprised for a moment, but then just shrugged her shoulders.
It was all business to her.

     'Hundred dollars," she told me. 

     I nodded.

     She opened the passenger door and slid into the car.

     The creaking sound of the P.V.C. was weird as she sat down. Quite weird.
And the overpowering smell of her cheap body spray... it was almost overcoming.
I began to feel very claustrophobic... trapped. I almost stopped the car and
put an end to it then and there, but... I couldn't. I was too scared. Scared of
what I wanted... or what I thought I wanted. And I'd already come this far.

     I didn't stop.

     And I didn't tell her to leave.

     Jaw working on a wad of gum, she directed me to a large, deserted parking
lot, about two or three minutes drive away. She got out and want into the back
seat, gesturing for me to follow.

     I did.

     'Money,' she demanded.

     I reached over onto the front seat for my purse and opened it. My hands
were trembling as I took out the hundred dollars and handed it to her. I was so
nervous and I fumbled and dropped the purse to the floor.

     'Hmph...'

     I almost burst into tears as the contents spilled out, including a
vibrator and lubricant I'd put there...

     For the trip home.

     The girl looked at me, sneering. 

     'It'll cost extra if you want me to use that monster.'

     I tried to stammer something - some sort of explanation - as I reached
down to retrieve the contents of the purse from the floor of the car.  The girl
put a hand on my shoulder and straightened me up. 'I haven't got all night,'
she told me, settling herself back in the seat. 'Let's get on with it. You can
clean up later.'

     She gestured for me to lie over her knee. 

     I stared for a second, taking in her slender fishnetted legs and black
shorts. And then, swallowing, I did as she ordered and lay down over her lap.
So there I was in the back of my car, my face *scarlet* as this woman flipped
up my skirt and started rub her hand over my ass cheeks.

     I can't describe it.

     It was so *humiliating*.

     'Fuck... you're wet; it's dripping down my thigh.'

     I was mortified. I could have died right then and there. But it was so
hot! I couldn't help myself. It was everything I imagined it would be.

     'What a slut.'

     Then she began to spank me.

     Moaning quietly, I shivered and writhed on her lap as blow after blow
rained down on my exposed ass. 'You are a nasty little slut, aren't you,' she
hissed, as her open hand slammed into me again and again, 'And mommy has to
punish nasty sluts like you.' She continued on, talking like that, as the blows
continued. The spanks were really hard now and soon I was almost crying. I bit
my lip to keep from yelling in pain, frightened that I might draw attention to
the parked car. Then I felt her free hand slide underneath my blouse. Before I
could move or say anything, she got my nipple between her thumb and finger and
pinched my nipple.

     I gasped at the sudden, exquisite pain.

     And then I came.

     Letting out a loud groan, I stiffened up and then shuddered on her lap,
twisting and kicking as waves of sheer bliss swept over and washed through my
body. I don't know what I said... I think I begged for... for what, I don't
know: to keep spanking... to stop spanking... All I remember is panting the
word 'please... please...' over and over again.

     'Please...'

     I heard her laughing at me... mocking me as I moaned and wriggled on her
lap. That laugh set off a second, smaller orgasm as she continued to spank me.

     The humiliation...

     Eventually she eased up on the spanking and my orgasm subsided. Trembling,
I began to push myself off her lap, but a firm hand on the small of my back
kept me in place. I felt her bend over and pick something off the floor.

     Oh no...

     'No...'

     'Quiet, slut.'

     Roughly she pulled my tight panties to the side and I felt the cold
squidge of lubricant slide up the crease of my ass - right to my very asshole.

     'Oh please...' I turned my head, trying to look up at her. 'Oh please...'

     She sneered down at me. 'Do you want it?' she asked, waving the vibrator
in front of my tear stained face. I wanted to say no... that I couldn't take
any more... that I'd had enough... but I couldn't say the words. I *did* want
it.

     God... I wanted it. 

     Tearfully, I nodded my head.

     "It'll be an extra hundred and fifty."

     I turned my head away and nodded again.

     Without another word, she pulled my ass cheeks apart with her free hand. I
squealed a bit as I felt the plastic vibrator push up against my anus and then
steadily slide inside. I couldn't help myself; with a deep groan, I pushed
myself up on my elbows and leaned back into the plastic invader. 'Wait for it,
slut,' she laughed, pulling it back and then slowly sliding the vibrator all
the way into my ass. When it was completely inside, she pulled it back a bit
and began to slide it in and out.

     Again, I couldn't help myself. I slipped my hand under my body and
masturbated as she fucked the vibrator in and out of my hole. My clit felt
*immense* as I diddled it, sensitive and throbbing against my finger. I
silently willed her to turn on the vibrator, but she never did. I guess I
should have asked but I couldn't find the courage. Moaning and crying, I came
twice more on the prostitute's lap, impaled like a stuck pig on my own
vibrator, frantically rubbing my clit. Tears rolled down my face as I bucked
and writhed.

     I was such a slut...

     The prostitute just laughed.

     After I came for the second time, she slipped the vibrator out of my ass.
I was half fearful, half hopeful that she would make me suck it clean, but she
didn't. Instead, she just tossed it aside onto the car seat.

     I started to get up, but she grabbed me by the hair and pushed me to the
floor. I lay there, shocked as I saw her hands fumble at her shorts and heard
the crinkly P.V.C. being removed. She brought her leg up over my head so that I
was crouched between her thighs and pushed her ass forward on the seat.

     'Eat me.'

     I almost fainted at the rush of feeling in my body. Those simple words -
that *order* - were almost enough to put me over the edge again. I'd never done
it before, but I did as I was told. I ate her... her pussy for maybe fifteen
minutes.

     On my knees, in the back seat of my own car. 

     Between her legs.

     After a while, I looked up at her from my position on the floor. To my
surprise, her face seemed to betray nothing more than... well, boredom. I tried
my best, but she never came. I felt worthless... a complete failure.

     After a while, she pushed me away and told me to take her back to the
street. Without a word, I got back into the front and started up the car. From
the back seat, I heard the rustle of the P.V.C. as she put her shorts on again.
When we got back she stepped out of the car then leaned back in through the
window.

     'You'll be back, Susan.' 

     I didn't know what to say. I just turned away from her and listened to her
mocking laughter as she walked away. It wasn't until I got home that it
occurred to me to wonder how she knew my name. The answer became obvious when I
cleaned out the back seat of my car.

     And discovered that my wallet was no longer in my purse.

     I spent the next few days in a state of complete terror. Every time the
phone rang, I dashed to get it, certain that it was her. Jim must have thought
it a bit strange, but he didn't say anything. Maybe he just put it down to work
pressures.

     I don't know.

     After a week passed, I began to feel a bit safer. I'd long since cancelled
all my credit cards and I came to the conclusion that the girl had just stolen
my money and dumped the wallet. It made sense. In quiet moments, I even felt my
mind wandering back to the events of that night... the perfect fodder for
fantasy! I'd shut my office door, sit back in my chair and remember each and
every detail, all the while slowly massaging myself to a delicious climax.

     'Hello Susan.'

     Reality.

     It was *her* voice on the phone. 

     She'd contacted me at work!

     I looked around the room.  She'd managed to get in touch with me during a
meeting with the senior account manager and a major client! I didn't know why
she'd been put through - I'd told that twit Judith...

     Oh... sorry... 

     Well, I'd asked that no calls be put through.

     What had she said?

     The client checked his watch and the account manager glared at me.
Turning away, I tried to play stupid, pretending I didn't know her. But it was
no use. 'Don't fuck with me, slut,' she laughed. 'I know who you are.'

     I fell silent. 

     I could feel the others staring at my back.

     Was I shaking?

     'Besides... I don't know why you wouldn't want to talk to me. You seemed
to like me well enough the other night... my leg was sopping with your cunt
juice by the time I was finished with ass.'

     I felt a shiver go down my spine at her words. My mind drifted back to the
events in the back of the car. Involuntarily, my hand dropped to my crotch and
then jerked away as I remembered where I was. Had anyone seen? I was already
moist, and I knew my panties would soon be soaked through.

     Oh god...

     Why now?

     Eyes closed, I asked her what she wanted.

     'To begin with, you owe me a hundred dollars from the other night. Your
wallet only had fifty of the extra hundred and fifty.' Relieved and
disappointed at the same time, I stammered out my agreement to the payment,
hoping that would end the matter. 'Next, I'm thinking I might like to...
encourage some repeat business...'

     I shuddered.

     'Haven't had a trick like you before... beats the hell out of blow jobs in
the alley.' I bit my lip. By now, my panties were sopping and I felt a trickle
down the inside of my thigh. 'Besides, Suzie...' - I winced at the name; I
*hated* being called that - "...I think you owe me something else... your cunt
lapping was pretty pathetic.  Maybe you need some practice.'

     Given the circumstances, I was limited in what I could say, but I tried to
tell her that I couldn't do it... that I'd pay her the money, but that I
couldn't see her again. She just laughed and told me that her next call would
be to my husband.

     The picture; there had been a picture of Jim in my wallet.

     I had no choice. 

     I agreed to meet her the next night.

     In the parking lot...

     Despite - or maybe because of - the fact that I was there under duress,
the second night was even hotter than the first. The girl seemed a lot more
into it this time... really getting into the spanking. And she brought her own
vibrator this time - a big, black thing that buzzed and shook like a freight
train; and this time, she turned it on. I almost kicked out the car door,
screaming and bucking on her lap.

     For me, it was like a dream and nightmare come true all at once. I didn't
want to be there... I had no choice, really. She knew who I was.

     And that's what made it so hot.

     This time, she made me lick her until she came. It took a while... I must
been there on my knees for almost an hour, licking and chewing and sucking on
her pussy while she gave directions. By the end of it, my tongue was numb and
my jaw ached with the strain.

     'I could get used to this,' she told my, smirking down at me as I tried to
wipe her pussy juice from my face.

     I came three times.

     Soon, she had me visiting her two and then three times a week. I told Jim
that I was working late on a new account. I felt terribly guilty when he told
me that he was proud of me, but what could I do?

     I had no choice.

     For the first few weeks my mistress - I still don't know her name - kept
me to herself. At first, the sessions were all pretty much like the first
couple of times - spankings... fucking me with a vibrator... having me lick her
to orgasm - but she gradually began to find more and more enjoyment in just
humiliating me. It started when I made the mistake of letting her know how much
I hated being called 'Suzie'; after that, I was always 'Suzie' to her.  To make
matters worse, after a while she made me refer to myself in the third person:
'Suzie wants this... Suzie is that...'. Every time I said it, I felt like I
wanted to curl up into a little ball and expire.

     But I couldn't stop coming...

     Then she started calling my up at work... forcing me to stay on the phone
while she told me what she was going to do to me - to make me do to her and to
myself - that night.  For a hour at a time, I'd sit in my office, eyes closed,
listening to her tell me what a slut I was... going over all the things I'd
done and would do for her... all the while masturbating myself to orgasm after
orgasm.  By the second month I was keeping a number of spare panties in the
office so I could change myself.

     The worst part was when she started bringing in the other prostitutes. At
first, she'd call some of her friends to join us at the car... to watch her put
'little Suzie' through her paces. They laughed and jeered as my mistress jammed
the vibrator up my ass and then spanked me into orgasm after orgasm and then
begged for more.

     Soon, though, watching wasn't enough for them. They all wanted a go at me.
One evening, they rented a room at a sleazy motel and they made a night of it.
They each brought along their sleaziest outfits... their strangest sex toys...
and made me put on a show for them.  They even brought along a video camera to
record the whole event... I tried to refuse, to object to being filmed, but I
had no choice.

     So, all night I served them.

     I paraded about in the sluttiest outfits, begging them to let me satisfy
them: 'Please, can Suzie suck your pussy'... 'Please, can Suzi kiss your
feet'... 'please spank, Suzie... Suzie's been a good girl'...

     'Please let Suzi come.'

     And I came.

     Screaming... shuddering... bucking... my ass jerking up and down on the
big, black vibrator in my ass... my hands banging the floor... with tears
running down my face...

     God, I came.
     
     That was two nights ago... last Thursday. My mistress must have called
last night, 'cause when I came in this morning, she's put the whole thing on my
voice mail... in detail. I was listening to her and... and masturbating when...

                                     *****

     "...when I came in." The brunette dropped her eyes to the floor, nodding.
"With a tape of the voice mail." Judith held the tape up.

     Susan bit her lip and nodded again. "I still don't know...".

     "It does make for interesting listening," Judith smirked, slipping the
tape into her pocket. "I had no idea you had such an... interesting social
life." Susan opened her mouth to say something, but then changed her mind and
kept silent.

     Judith smiled. "I particularly enjoyed it in light of the last two
performance evaluations you submitted about me."

     Susan's face went white as she raised her eyes to look across the desk.
"Y...you weren't supposed to see...".

     "Oh, I saw them. I looked into it when I didn't get my bonus last
Christmas."

     Susan swallowed; she'd never liked Judith and she definitely hadn't been
happy with the secretary's work. The performance evaluations had been scathing;
Judith's conclusion that they had affected her bonus were entirely justified.
Her mind reeled with visions of the impact that tape would have on her life...
her job... her relationship with her husband...

     She had to convince the other woman to keep silent!

     "J-Judith," she stuttered, "I... I'm sorry about the evaluations. I'll see
the office manager in the morning and... and straighten it out."

     Judith just smirked. 

     "P-please... I... I'll do whatever... whatever...".

     "Not good enough," the secretary told her. "I want to know what 'Suzie'
will do. For me."

     Susan's eyes went wide. "No. I... Judith, I... can't... not...".

     Judith just shook her head and reached for the phone. Susan fell silent as
the secretary picked it up and began to dial. "What are you doing?" she asked.

     Judith ignored her, holding the phone for a few seconds and then: "Hello,
Jim? It's Judith... Susan's secretary...". Susan jumped out of her seat and
came around the desk, shaking her head frantically and mouthing the word "no".

     Judith just smiled and continued talking: "I just wanted to tell you
about...".

     "Please..." Susan whispered.

     "Oh... sorry, can you hold on just a second? Thanks." Judith put her hand
over the phone and looked up at her boss. "Last chance." The young blonde
leaned back and spread her legs. "What would Suzie like to do for me?"

     Susan stared for a second and then dropped her gaze. Falling to her knees
between the younger girls legs, she looked up and said: "Suz... Suzie wants
to... to lick you... lick your pussy." She looked down, her face flushed as she
realized that the other woman wasn't wearing any panties underneath her short
skirt. "P-please let Suzie l-lick you...".

     Judith smirked. 

     "If that's what you want." She spread her legs further and gasped as Susan
- Suzie - crawled between her legs and started to lick. She took her hand off
the phone and continued talking: "Sorry about that, Jim... another call... the
reason I was calling was that I was wondering if Susan was coming in to the
office today... yes, I know it's Saturday, but...". She continued speaking,
making small talk with Susan's husband, while Suzie's experienced tongue
nuzzled and lapped at her now sopping pussy. By the time she hung up the phone
a minute later, Judith's breath was coming in short, sharp gasps. The blonde
secretary leaned back in her chair and groaned as her boss sucked hungrily at
her pussy.

     The office door opened.

     "Not bad, huh?"

     Suzie stiffened at the new voice and tried to pull her head back, but
Judith squeezed her thighs and held her in place. Oh god, it was...

     "Hi Sandy," Judith moaned, wriggling in her chair as Suzie's tongue went
back to work at her pussy. "I wondered it you'd show up."

     "Wouldn't miss it," the other woman said, walking closer.

     "Do you have a copy of the video?"

     "Right here." Suzie heard something being put down on her desk. "It turned
out great." Suzie tried again to pull away, but Judith's thighs held her in
place. "You remember the deal?"

     "Oh yeah... she'll still be visiting you twice a week. I've got some great
ideas for you, too. Can't wait to try them out."

     The other woman laughed.

     "Did you bring it?"

     Sandy laughed. "Yeah... it's right here." Suzie heard a click and then a
quiet buzzing.

     "Great," Judith said. "I can't wait to see how she does at staff meetings
with that monster buzzing in her ass."

     Helpless to resist, tears trickled down Suzie's face as she continued to
eat the blonde girl's pussy. Finally, Judith's thighs eased up. Suzie felt a
hand grab her by the hair and pull her face out from between the secretary's
legs. The brunette squinted up at Judith and the hooker... her mistress - Sandy
- looking down at hair. Tears of humiliation and helpless lust ran down her
glistening face as the two woman laughed at her. "Things are going to be
different around here from now on  Suzie," Judith told her. "A lot different."

     Suzie sniffled and tried to say something, but the blonde woman shoved her
face back between her legs. Defeated, she opened her mouth and began sucking as
her hands drifted down between her own legs and started desperately rubbing her
own pussy through the thick jeans. She imagined trying to function at the
office with the vibrator in her ass and came almost at once, whining her lust
into Judith's overheated pussy.

     Judith laughed...

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
                      As usual, all comments are welcome.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





