BDSM Library - County Trunk




County Trunk
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He enjoyed the scene along the county road without noticing that he was in a village of female domination.
County Trunk by Felix (Hetero sex, Femdom, Humiliation, Domination)

Part One

Bob sat at a table in the breakfast room of the hotel munching coffee 
and doughnuts, a road map spread out on the table before him. Since 
taking his traveling sales job ten years ago right out of college he 
enjoyed taking the scenic route when his schedule allowed it and this 
July morning was shaping up into a beautiful, though hot, day. The 
county roads that wound through the hilly picturesque Wisconsin 
countryside would get him to his next appointment in plenty of time and 
would far more relaxing than the roar and bustle of the summer freeway.

He swigged down the last of his coffee, gathered up his things and hit 
the road. A short stretch of freeway got him to the state highway that 
in turn led to the meandering county trunk road. It was about mid-
morning when he came up on the turn-off to his intended route and found 
the way blocked by construction barriers and the road closed. He slowed 
down a bit to look wistfully down the tree shaded lane and noticed a 
group of construction workers sitting under a nearby tree. He noted 
that they were all women, suntanned and muscular.

"Sign of the times," he said to himself and began to swing his car 
around to head back to the freeway. One of the women, a tall blond in 
short cutoff jeans, tee shirt and heavy work boots saw him and waved 
him down.

She walked up to the car as Bob rolled down the window.

"We're just finishing up here. We planned to take down the barriers 
after our break but I'll let you through now," she said.

"Thanks," said Bob and he drove through the opening she made for him, 
waving again in appreciation.

"Have a good one!" he heard her say as he passed.

What he didn't see was her reaching into her pocket for a cell phone 
and making a quick call then giving a wicked smirk as his car 
disappeared around a bend in the road.

The road wound along a stream through a valley bordered by rolling 
hills. Small quaint farms dotted the landscape. Bob cruised along at an 
unhurried pace, the window open, smelling the fragrance of roadside 
flowers and fresh hay.

To his surprise he heard a siren behind him and looked in the rear view 
mirror to see a police motorcycle gaining on him fast with lights 
flashing. He had, if anything, been going less than the speed limit. He 
shrugged and pulled over as the officer came up along side and cut in 
front of him onto the narrow shoulder of the road then dismounted from 
the cycle doffed helmet and walked back toward the car.

He saw it was a large, tall woman with short dark hair. She wore a 
black leather outfit and knee high jack boots. Though heavy set she was 
shapely, full breasted and broad hipped and the leather riding suit 
fitted her voluptuous curves tightly. She approached the car and 
stopped facing him a few feet into the road. Her face was not 
unattractive though coarse featured and wore what seemed to be a 
permanent look of arrogant, cheerful cruelty

Bob was an athletic sort, a trim six footer, well muscled and lean. The 
cop was taller than he was even without her boots and carried herself 
with a grace that belied her hefty figure.

"Is there a prob--"

"Out of the car!" she cut him off sharply and put her hand on a 
nightstick that hung from her belt.

He shrugged again and opened the door, reaching for his wallet. He 
extended his hand, holding his license and she grabbed his arm and spun 
him around with a surprising strength, bellying him over the hood of 
the car. His hands were cuffed behind him before he could protest and 
then to his shock he felt her unbuckle his belt and yank his pants down 
to his ankles. She expertly wrapped and twisted his belt tight to bind 
his feet together and then hustled him around the front of the car. He 
felt a tug on his shirt collar and then heard a ripping sound as she 
tore it down the back and left the shreds of it hanging from his cuffed 
wrists. He was now practically naked.

There was a shallow, grassy slope of about ten feet that fell away from 
the road to a flat area before a fence and a hayfield. She shoved him 
forward to the edge of that slope. He felt something stiff between his 
knees and then a sharp blow came upward between his legs to hit his 
groin, doubling him over in agony. He felt a foot on his behind that 
gave him a hard shove and sent him rolling down the short slope to the 
bottom of the ditch.

He lay moaning for awhile from pain of the blow but then recovered and 
squirmed to his knees and turned to face his assailant who stood on the 
shoulder of the road in front of the car. To his amazement and fright 
he saw that she had slipped out of her leather breeches and was now 
naked from the waist down except for her boots and a pair of black 
panties which she was even then in the process of removing. She stepped 
deliberately out of her underpants placed them under the heavy leather 
pants she had lain on the hood of the car, seemingly to ensure that 
they would not blow away on the breeze while she went about her work 
and would be there when she had finished.

The tails of a white blouse dangled below the short leather jacket she 
still wore. She tied them off about her waist to keep them out of her 
way, drew her nightstick from her belt, rubbed the thick black triangle 
of hair between her thighs fondly and stepped down the slope toward Bob 
with a wicked gleam of anticipation in her eyes. He feared the stick 
but somehow he knew her ultimate weapon was in the thick thatch between 
her thighs.

He made a pathetic attempt to escape by hobbling away but she strode 
forward and tripped him, sending him sprawling on his face. He felt a 
sharp whack from the stick across his buttocks and then she rolled him 
on his back with her foot and gave him a knock across his knee that 
dizzied him with agony and took most of the fight out of him. She 
reached down and grabbed him by the hair, pulled him up onto his knees 
before her and pulled his face toward her crotch while thrusting her 
hips forward.

Just then there was the sound of a car coming down the road from the 
direction Bob had been going. His captor stopped and pushed him away, 
turning to look over her shoulder. The car was a black limo with tinted 
windows. It pulled to a stop in the road. Bob pulled away from her grip 
and moved back a step.

"Okay you fat bitch," he said. "It looks like you're caught with your 
pants down, so to speak. I don't know who the hell you think you are 
but I'll see that you pay for this."

The rear side window of the limo rolled down half way revealing the 
green eyes and auburn hair of a woman.

"Is everything under control sergeant?" she asked.

"No problem judge. I'll have him subdued shortly and he'll be before 
your court first thing tomorrow."

"Excellent! Keep up the good work!"

The window rolled back up and the car drove off.

Bob cringed as the malevolent stare of the big woman turned on him.

"You were saying?" she sneered.

Bob reeled away in another futile attempt to flee, was tripped as 
before, tumbled headlong on the grass. The beating was longer this 
time, with blows raining on his buttocks and thighs and then each 
elbow, sending him in a stupor of pure agony. Not satisfied she rolled 
him unto his back once more and gave each knee a whack and then 
finished with a hard one to the balls.

She stood back and let him lie there awhile moaning and dizzy. 
Presently she stepped forward and placed a foot on each side of his 
head. He looked up the length of her hefty thighs to the dense black 
bush that hid her sex. She leered down at him and lowered herself so 
her cunt was inches from his face and spread out a bit so he could see 
the dangling pinkish labia, the black pit of her vagina and the 
brownish puckering of her anus. Her scent was pungent in the summer 
heat. With a snarling sound she grabbed his hair and yanked his face 
upward into her wet crotch.

"I expect to come quickly if you don't want any more," she growled.

Bob reached out with his tongue to taste her oozing loins, probing 
desperately to find the secret of her pleasure. He plied his tongue 
about her labia, up her vagina and over her clit seeking to mollify her 
rage. She clutched his hair painfully and rubbed his face about her 
throbbing snatch, finally guiding him to the swollen orb of her clit, 
now turgid and pulsing, ready for her climax. Half a minute of his 
desperate ministrations served to ignite her. She gave a sharp 
exhalation between clenched teeth and then threw her head back with a 
bestial cry of satisfaction as orgasm convulsed her.

Her body relaxed and her knees buckled. She dropped forward so she sat 
astride his face her full bulk bearing down and forcing him to fight 
for breath as her great sucking cunt engulfed him. She stayed thus for 
a minute or two allowing the spasms of pleasure to subside.

Then she rose to her feet and pulled Bob up to his knees by his hair. 
She dragged him over to where the ditch sloped upward, turned her back 
to him, dropped to her knees with her broad behind thrust toward his 
face as he knelt there. She reached back and pulled his face between 
her big cheeks, directing his mouth to the center where her rank brown 
anus puckered and twitched in anticipation.

"Get your tongue in there and get busy," she hissed. "I'll tell you 
when to stop."

He extended his tongue but recoiled instinctively at the sharp, foul 
taste of her. The stick whipped around to strike his elbow again in 
warning and he steeled himself and pressed forward between the great 
fleshy mounds.. His tongue felt the folds and creases of her foul 
blossom and dislodged dried flakes of her feces that had escaped the 
last wiping. She relaxed herself and his tongue slid up into her dark 
passage to taste the soft lining of her rectum. She sighed in enjoyment 
and dropped her stick to free her hand for rubbing hard on her clit. He 
felt her sphincter contract hard upon his tongue as another climax 
surged through her. She fell forward on her belly and her fell with her 
afraid to take his tongue from her hole without her leave.

She lay breathing deeply for a few minutes, then rolled over, stood up 
and faced Bob again. This time she pushed him over backward until she 
again squatted over his up turned face.

"Thirsty?" she asked with a mock solicitousness. "Well open your 
mouth!"

Bob knew what was coming and his mind reeled in revulsion but he now 
knew better than to defy her in the least. He threw open his mouth just 
as a liquid hissing sound came from her loins and a golden cataract 
spilled from her filling his mouth to overflowing. There was no need to 
tell him what the consequence of spilling even a drop would be so he 
gulped down her pungent nectar as fast as it flowed. When finished she 
made him suck the last drops from her bush.

Finally she stood and walked back up the slope to the motorcycle. She 
radioed to someone about picking up a prisoner along that road and 
slipped back into her panties and pants, tucked them into the tops of 
her boots, sat on the hood of the car and lit up a cigarette.

In a few minutes a van came down the road from the direction of what 
must have been a town. Two buxom young female cops got out. One was a 
blonde, the other a redhead. They wore light blue blouses, brief navy 
blue shorts and high black jackboots. Their hair was cut severely 
short. They walked up to the sergeant who still sat on the car smoking 
her cigarette contentedly.

"Take him in and throw him in a cell for the night," she told them. 
"Prepare him for trial first thing in the morning and bring him to the 
courtroom."

Bob was half carried, half dragged from the ditch and tossed rudely 
into the back of the van. He lay on the hard steel floor of the van 
being bounced and rolled about as it sped down the winding road. The 
blonde drove and made no effort to limit the jouncing. If anything she 
seemed to take the curves hard and steer into bumps to make sure his 
ride was rough.

After about ten minutes the van slowed and turned into a drive leading 
toward a large red brick building with a spire. It drove into an 
underground garage and stopped before a gray steel door. The cops 
disembarked and opened the rear door. They jumped inside, dragged Bob 
out and jostled him through the door into the building and slammed it 
behind them. Just inside the door they stopped. They were in a large 
foyer with another door opening from the other end of it. One of the 
women went through a closet door that also opened off the foyer and 
emerged holding a set of shackles and a chain leash about six feet long 
with a kind of padlock at the end. He was put into the shackles, which 
bound his wrists to his sides and manacled his ankles. The sergeant's 
cuffs were removed and his pants stripped from around his ankles. Then 
the padlock end of the leash was slipped around his scrotum above the 
balls and tightened with a click, stretching his sack tight and locking 
his balls in an iron, inescapable grip.

"I have rights!" Bob protested. "Don't I get a phone call?"

The redhead looked at him scornfully and slapped his face hard fore and 
backhanded, then flicked downward with her fingertips against his 
stretched out ball sack. The pain doubled him over and put an end to 
any thought of rights.

Wordlessly the two women turned toward the farther door, one of them 
holding the leash, yanked him along by his fruit. They opened the door 
and led him through into a long corridor. The walls and floor were cold 
concrete and the doors were steel with small grates mounted a eye 
level. The women set a brisk pace down the hall, forcing him to hobble 
along behind as he was tugged roughly by his testes. They reached a 
cell at the far end on the left, opened it and shoved him inside. The 
leash was left clamped on him. The door slammed and he heard footsteps 
retreating into the distance. Silence fell.

Bob was aching from his beating, confused and terrified. His treatment 
at the hands of his captors had been callously cruel and arrogant to 
the point of denying his very humanity.

He looked about the dimly lit cell. There was a thin pad on the floor, 
apparently to serve as a bed and a steel toilet mounted to the wall at 
the far end of the room. Otherwise the cell was cold and empty.

He knee walked to the sleeping pad and collapsed upon it exhausted. 
Sleep fell over him despite his terror and the world went black.

He awoke to the sound of the cell door's lock being opened and the two 
cops entered. The blonde grabbed the leash and tugged him to his feet. 
They led him from the cell into the hallway and through a door at the 
far end.. Another hall ran at right angles. They turned left and strode 
down the corridor, again at a speed that made him struggle to keep up 
on his hobbled legs. The blonde pulled roughly on his balls with a 
cruel disregard when he fell behind.

He was taken to a shower room where he was sprayed with painfully hot 
water, scrubbed down and shaven with a straight razor. Then he was led 
upstairs to the court.

The door was opened and he was led into an old, stately courtroom with 
rich oak woodwork and a black granite floor. There was a center aisle 
that led between rows of seating for spectators. The seats were about 
half full, all the spectators were women.

On the bench straight ahead was an auburn haired woman with green eyes. 
Obviously this was the same woman who had driven by during his arrest. 
She was full figured with a wide sensuous mouth and she wore a black 
judicial robe.

To the right was a jury box where sat twelve women of various ages 
colors and sizes.

At tables before the bench on each side of the aisle stood two women. 
They turned to face him as he was led forward. One was a tall, slender 
black woman with a short Afro cut, the other a white brunette with hair 
tied up above her head in a severe bun. Both were well dressed in 
professional attire, gray flannel pin stripe jackets, short matching 
skirts, net stockings. black stiletto pumps.

There were no men anywhere.

Bob was led before the judge and forced to his knees by his two 
escorts, who remained standing on either side of him. The judge looked 
down upon him with righteous contempt.

"What is the charge Madame Prosecutor?" she asked.

The black woman stepped from behind her table and approached the bench.

"Reckless driving, attempted sexual assault of an officer and resisting 
arrest your honor," she said.

This was too much for Bob. "What are you bitches talking about? I was 
driving along minding my own business..."

He felt a sharp blow to the back of his neck that felled him face down 
to the floor. A booted foot was pressed down on the back of his neck 
and he was held that way while the proceedings continued.

"The prisoner will be silent!" shouted the judge, rapping her gavel.

"Have you any witnesses Madame Prosecutor?"

"Just the arresting officer your honor," she said.

The sergeant was called to the stand and sworn, then asked to give her 
account of the incident beside the road.

"I observed the subject driving recklessly down County Highway DS 
heading in the direction of the village. I pursued and managed to force 
him to pull over. When I approached the car he jumped out and attacked 
me quite viciously, tearing at my clothing and squeezing my breasts. It 
was all I could do to subdue him but I finally managed to restrain him, 
then called for backup and had him taken to jail."

Bob's mind reeled in anger and confusion at this distorted account of 
his arrest. Here he was alone in a strange place and helpless in the 
clutches of women who obviously had an agenda for him that was most 
unpleasant.

"Does the defense counsel have any questions?" asked the judge.

Bob felt a twinge of hope. They had appointed a lawyer for him!

"Nothing, your honor," said a woman that he guessed to be the brunette 
at the other table. His heart sank.

"The prosecution rests, your honor."

"Ladies of the jury have you reached a verdict," asked the judge.

Bob lay there under the boot his breath taken away by the swiftness of 
the injustice being dealt out to him.

Twelve female voices answered in unison: "Guilty!"

"The prisoner will rise," he heard the judge say.

The boot was lifted and a hand took his hair and yanked him back to his 
knees.

"Sentencing recommendations will now be offered by counsel," the judge 
went on.

The prosecutor stepped toward the bench and addressed the judge.

"This is a classic and all too typical case of testosterone dementia 
your honor. Castration and a life term on the work farm seems an 
appropriate penalty."

A rush of terror swept over Bob and he broke out in a cold sweat at the 
casual way his cruel fate was being decided.

His "lawyer" now approached the bench to offer her recommendation.

"Although slight, I see a chance of rehabilitation in this prisoner. I 
believe he should be afforded the opportunity to redeem himself and 
take his rightful place under the domination of the superior gender and 
serve his betters as is proper. I suggest a conference in chambers with 
the judge and counsel where the prisoner may make his case for mercy 
from the court."

"Very well," said the judge. "Bring him to my chambers."

The judge left the bench and walked through a door behind it. The two 
lawyers followed her. Bob was led into the chamber by the two cops and 
placed on his knees before the judge's desk. The cops left the room and 
the lawyers sat in arm chairs on either side of him.

The judge sat at her desk looking at him with a mischievous twinkle in 
her eye that was so different from her stern demeanor in court.

"Come around my desk!" she commanded.

Bob knee walked around the left end of the desk and when he turned the 
corner he saw she had swiveled her chair to face him and had her robe 
hiked up above her waist. She wore nothing underneath except her 
stockings and garters. Bob hesitated.

"Come here!" she ordered and he approached with trepidation. When he 
was in reach she grabbed his hair and pulled his face down to within 
inches of the lush thatch of reddish dark hair that covered her loins.

"We are here to decide whether or not you keep your balls. You will now 
serve each of us in our turn. I suggest you treat us as goddesses who 
have you at their mercy and can take your balls at a whim because to 
you that is what we are. If you pleasure us satisfactorily your 
precious fruit may yet hang there awhile longer."

With that she pulled him down into her cunt. He reached out his tongue 
seeking only to please, whimpering abjectly as he tasted the salty tang 
of her womanhood. She was wet and eager and soon tugged his face upward 
to where her rampant clit waited. He lavished his caresses upon it, 
desperate to provide the ecstasy that might save him. She came with a 
sudden rush of breath, her ample thighs clamping together on his head. 
He kept his tongue working and she convulsed through several more 
brutish climaxes before she shoved him away.She dug her shoe heel into 
his chest and pushed him backward.

"What are you waiting for? Get over here!" he heard the Prosecutor say.

He turned to face her and saw her leaning back in the chair with her 
skirt up and her legs spread out and draped over the arms. She too wore 
no panties. Her thatch was trimmed neatly into a black triangle and her 
mount was shaven, exposing the pink lips edged in black and the 
brownish hood of her clit. Her anus was a black vortex between her 
finely shaped cheeks.

He half fell on his face in his desperation to reach her and mollify 
her annoyance with him. He face dived into her crotch and she took hold 
of his hair, pushed his head downward and lifted his hips so his tongue 
touched her asshole. Her desire was obvious and he ground his tongue 
into the wrinkled orifice. He felt her give and his tongue slipped 
inside. He wriggled it about vigorously and was rewarded with a moan of 
pleasure and a clamping down on his tongue. She kept him busy there for 
what seemed like forever but finally she shifted her hips forward and 
guided him to her clit to signal that she was ready to take orgasm. Her 
erectile tissues were engorged to the point where her clit was embedded 
in a mass of hardened flesh.

"Hard!" she hissed and he ground his tongue upon her with urgent force. 
Her body jerked and spasmed as her orgasmic tension mounted. Her body 
shuddered then whipped about in the chair maniacally as cries of animal 
pleasure were ripped from her. With a deep sigh she relaxed and pushed 
him away.

Bob wasted no time. He turned to his lawyer and found her ready to 
receive him and also impatient. She knelt backward in the chair 
presenting her sumptuous behind to his face. Her thatch was full and 
thick between her thighs and a ring of fine hair surrounded the brown 
bud of her anus. He knew by now what was expected and he dug his tongue 
in deep as she pressed backward to meet him. With one hand she reached 
back to grab his hair and pull him tightly between her cheeks and with 
the other she worked her clit hard. Her anus suddenly clenched and 
twitched and she climaxed intensely, bucking and bouncing in the chair 
shrieking "yes! yes!" until she collapsed and slid off the chair unto 
the floor.

She stood up, dragged Bob back to kneel before the desk then sat back 
down in her chair primly smoothing her hair and clothes. All three 
women had now composed themselves and regained their official bearing. 
The judge asked the lawyers to evaluate Bob. They were both undecided 
and so was the judge. They decided a public referendum would be needed 
to decide his fate. They returned to the courtroom, the prosecutor 
leading Bob along by his balls and the judge made the announcement.

"We have elected to submit the fate of this prisoner to a public vote. 
At sunrise tomorrow the prisoner will be led from the courthouse to the 
town square where he will be chained in place. All citizens who wish to 
participate in the polling may, at their convenience, visit the square 
and require the prisoner to serve their pleasures in what manner they 
may so choose. Each citizen may then, in accordance with her 
satisfaction, cast her vote as to whether the prisoner shall be 
castrated or allowed to keep his testes and remain on probationary 
status indefinitely."

The defense attorney spoke: "As your honor is aware, another prisoner 
who has failed in his efforts at rehabilitation is scheduled to be 
castrated this very evening. The prisoner might benefit from observing 
this punishment being carried out in order to motivate him to reform."

"So be it" said the judge. She rapped her gavel and the proceeding was 
closed.

Bob was led back to his cell and shoved back inside. He lay in the dark 
in a state of mixed relief and dread. He had been reprieved but now 
faced the prospect of being forced to service all the women in town on 
the same day but still might after all sacrifice his manhood. And soon 
he would be forced to witness the cruel fate of one most likely no 
different than himself who had one day been seduced by the scenic 
beauty of County DS.

The door to his cell was opened all too soon and his keepers rousted 
him and led him off down the hallway. They turned right this time and 
led him to a winding staircase that led deep into the building. They 
entered a circular chamber about forty feet across. In the middle of 
the chamber was a large wooden table about two feet high. Straps and 
restraints depended from it and in its center was a raised triangular 
wooden block about six inches high a foot long and four inches wide at 
the base. A large hole was drilled through it near the bottom and a 
wide leather belt passed through the hole.

To the right, set up as a sort of amphitheater were about twenty large 
leather chairs on two tiers, set up in such a way as to provide each 
with a good view of the table. Each chair had a U-shaped indentation in 
the center of the seat.

Directly across the chamber was a wooden pillory set up on a wooden 
platform about the same height as the table. Bob was led to the pillory 
and made to mount the platform on his knees. The pillory was opened and 
his head was pushed through. There was a click and his neck was locked 
in. He knelt there confined with a view of the center table and also 
the rest of the room.

The jailers left the chamber but soon returned, each one pushing a 
serving cart before her. On one cart were bottles of wine and champagne 
in buckets of ice and on the other were plates of hors d' oeuvres. They 
were placed on either side of the doorway and the jailers each took up 
a position next to them as if ready to serve. The door to the chamber 
stood open.

Bob heard voices and footsteps in the corridor and soon the judge 
walked in accompanied by a tall blonde woman he had not seen before. 
The judge had shed her robes and now wore only a tight black leather 
corset that exposed and uplifted her heavy bare breasts. Below the 
waist she was naked except for a pair of stiletto heeled black knee 
boots. The blonde woman with her wore a black leather body suit that 
exposed her loins and breasts. Each woman had a naked man crawling at 
heel beside her like a dog, a leash and collar on his neck and a heavy 
iron ball chained to his scrotum. The slave could drag the ball along, 
albeit with some difficulty but any attempt to stand would pop his 
scrotum and sever the testes.

The women walked over to the wine cart and were served tall glasses of 
red wine by the jailer. They stepped over to the chairs and each sat 
down, their slaves kneeling at their feet. They chatted amiably and Bob 
heard the judge address her companion as "mayor."

More women began to arrive in pairs or small groups until twenty were 
there. They were a mixed group of whites, blacks and Asians. All were 
dressed as strong dominas and each had a slave at leash and balled and 
chained... They sat or stood about the chamber sipping wine and 
conversing casually. The prosecutor and defender were there as well as 
the sergeant. They ignored the slaves for the most part but as time 
went by and more wine was drunk Bob saw the mayor shove her slave onto 
his back and rise from her chair. She squatted over his face and 
emptied her bladder into his mouth without even looking down or 
interrupting her conversation. She resumed her seat as if nothing had 
happened. This became a common occurrence as time passed. A woman would 
use her slave as a toilet casually and the slaves seemed trained to 
serve perfectly.

There was a big clock on the wall and it was nearing midnight. The 
women began to sit down one by one as the mood took them.

All were seated and the clock began to strike. A hush fell on the room 
and all eyes turned to the doorway. Two jailers entered the room 
leading the unfortunate victim. He was in shackles and led by a leash 
on the balls. He was trembling and whimpering softly and pathetically 
for mercy that would not be granted.

They made him crawl up on the table and lie on his back with his feet 
facing the audience and the wood block between his legs. He was 
strapped down tightly with ankles close together and arms at his sides. 
His ball leash was removed and the belt in the block was tightened hard 
around his balls so that his sack was stretched near the bursting point 
and his balls lay exposed and vulnerable on the wood.

A shadow appeared in the doorway and a fearsome woman walked through it 
into the chamber. She was tall, slender and olive skinned, naked but 
for black, spike heeled thigh boots. She also led a groveling slave who 
she made to kneel off to one side before she approached the victim.

Her coal black hair was tied on top of her head into a long braid that 
extended to the middle of her back. From the thick black bush at her 
loins a tattoo of a greenish slithering snake emerged and wound over 
her taut belly and between her firm round breasts it's head stopping on 
the left side of her face. The snake's face wore a leering forked 
tongued grin. She was lean yet muscular and carried herself with a 
serpentine grace. Her face held a terrifying beauty. She glanced at Bob 
with eerie black eyes under dusky arching brows and his heart skipped 
at the same time he became aware of the rampant erection he sported. 
The woman exuded an animal magnetism, an irresistible eroticism and 
pure cruelty. She approached him, hooked the sharp black polished nail 
of her index finger under his chin and said: "They call me Viper. 
Perhaps we will meet again here tomorrow evening and you will take the 
place of honor. The thought of back to back castrations is most 
pleasurable to me!"

She turned to the audience and spread her arms wide in greeting, then 
turned and stepped up onto the table. She placed a foot either side of 
the victim's head and looked down at him with disdain and spoke to him 
derisively.

"So slave Alan you have finally outlived your welcome in the slave 
dungeon and you now stand to lose your precious balls. I'm sure your 
fate is well deserved but I am a merciful woman. I will honor you 
worthless cock by allowing it to enter my body in the place you long 
for. If I can ride your member to orgasm before you come you will be 
reprieved."

Bob almost laughed in spite of himself at the woman's proposal. The 
idea that any man could resist coming when coupled with this wild 
succubus was ludicrous.

"But if you fail and come first, your balls are forfeit."




Part Two

She reached a hand into each boot and withdrew a pair of gleaming steel 
instruments. In her right hand she held a knife with a wicked looking 
curved six inch blade and in her left a four pronged fork with each 
prong about four inches long.

"I expect I shall win our little contest and when I make you come I 
will slit your sack and pin your balls to the block while you are in 
the midst of your orgasm. The agony will be quite indescribable."

She sheathed her weapons then squatted down with her cunt inches from 
his face and continued to taunt him.

"Look at the pussy your unworthy cock will soon enter. Do you think you 
are man enough to satisfy it? I think not! But you may keep your balls 
a few minutes longer if you suck it!"

With that she reversed herself so she faced Alan's feet, then straddled 
his head between her legs and pressed her crotch down onto his face. 
She was on hands and knees and she worked her hips back and forth, 
exhorting him to service her.His efforts displeased her and she pressed 
a sharp fingernail against his distended scrotum and snarled.

"I'll take them now if you don't get serious!"

She passed the fingernail across his sack and he flinched and half 
screamed into her bush. He realized she hadn't cut him yet and 
commenced to serve her more satisfactorily if Viper's sudden sigh of 
pleasure was any indication.

She tensed slightly and her head lolled from side to side as her 
arousal heightened. She now had total command of him and gave a sharp 
downward bounce of her hips as a signal to Alan to pick up the pace and 
he responded accordingly. It seemed Alan was no stranger to serving 
women in this way.

Bob glanced toward the audience and saw each woman now had her slave on 
his knees before her, his face buried deep in her crotch. The reason 
for the shape of the chair seats was now obvious. It allowed the 
mistress to sit upright and watch the proceedings intently while 
allowing the slave easy access to her loins. Some women grasped the 
hair of their slaves tightly, pressing their faces hard into their 
oozing womanhood while others held the chair arms in a white knuckled 
grip as their excitement at the spectacle mounted.

Viper was taking her sweet time. She shifted herself onto her knees and 
placed her anus over Alan's mouth and, from her response, it was clear 
his tongue had slid home. She enjoyed the analingus for a few minutes, 
fondling herself as she did so and then shifted her position again so 
Alan could serve her clit. She bounced to urge him on and her splendid 
rippling muscles stood out in bold relief as her body became taut with 
her building ardor. She bounced again, and when Alan's efforts 
disappointed her she passed her nail again across his sack in warning , 
forcing his maddening dilemma upon him. He could slack and lose his 
balls now or hasten her orgasm and still hasten his unpleasant fate.

Viper was now on the brink of her climax and she bounced down hard 
twice in quick succession by way of demanding immediate orgasm. Alan 
redouble his efforts in spite of himself and suddenly her body clenched 
all the tighter, then convulsed and writhed spasmodically as an inhuman 
hissing snarl of ecstasy and triumph burst from her. Several more 
surges passed through her and she relished each one with animal sounds 
as glistening sweat gushed from her pores making her delectable flush 
sparkle. With one final deep gasp her head flopped forward between her 
arms and she relaxed, breathing deeply and quivering.

For a minute or too she remained there on hands and knees, head down, 
her snatch still pressed over Alan's face. Then she snapped back to the 
business at hand and turned her attention to Alan's member. It was 
limp, shriveled and seemed drawn inward in a self protective way. She 
began fondling him artfully and took some of the slackness out of him 
but only succeeded in making him half hard. With a resigned shrug as if 
saying"What a girl must do for the cause!" she bent down and took him 
in her mouth. Her artistry at this was no less than at other carnal 
arts and soon Alan, despite his moans of mingled protest and pleasure, 
grew to his full, thick ten inches.

Viper looked to the audience, winked and mockingly licked her chops, 
then shifted her hips forward to align Alan's member with her sacred 
tunnel. With a downward roll of her pelvis she engulfed him and he gave 
a groan of mingled delight and despair.

She squatted stock still over him, enfolding the entire length of his 
shaft within her. But Alan squirmed in an agony of pleasure 
nonetheless. It seemed her body was so tuned and trained in the 
venereal arts that her practiced pussy could bestow it's own maddening 
caresses upon a penis while she remained outwardly motionless.

She commenced a vertical motion, passing her sweet inner walls over his 
length and kneading him with her muscled vagina the while. With casual 
ease she took Alan to the brink, then backed off as he panicked and 
began sobbing, thinking the cruel knife was already sweeping toward 
him.

But Viper was in no hurry. This was merely a demonstration of her total 
mastery of her victim and a way of letting him know that he should not 
delude himself.

But Alan put up a mighty show of resistance nonetheless, clenching his 
teeth and his loins, hoping to stem the flood should it seek to 
overwhelm the dike. Viper toyed with him mercilessly, taking him again 
and again to the edge. Despite his terror and resolve to resist his 
body responded in typical male fashion and his balls began to ache 
horribly at their denial of release. The blueballs added to his 
convoluted torment making him long for relief while at the same time 
fighting it.

Viper's leisurely pace had another motive. She wanted to build properly 
toward her own satisfying climax. Her approach had been measured and 
deliberate but now an urgent need was building in her as well. Sweat 
ran in rivulets down her breasts and thighs and back and her breath now 
came in short gasps between clenched teeth.

She took him to the razor's edge once more then relaxed and breathed 
deeply as a wicked smile crossed her face. All in the room now knew the 
time had come. Drawing her weapons, she let herself go and began and 
sharp bouncing motion, incorporating wild pelvic gyrations while her 
inner muscles ground upon the rampant phallus embedded in her. Her 
previous teasings had made Alan ready to come but this took him on a 
flight from reality, made him forget utterly that he was strapped to a 
table and about to be unmanned. All fear vanished and he gave in to the 
pleasure she lavished and the prospect of blessed relief for his aching 
loins. The dike burst.

Viper let him about half of the first exquisite rush of ecstasy that 
exploded in his gonads. This was vital to her cruel plan which was to 
take him from the heights of celestial bliss to the depths of purest 
agony in a spilt second.

In the middle of Alan's first satisfied grunt she made a deft and 
wicked stroke with her knife. It slit the scrotum crosswise and the 
balls popped out upon the block, twitching and pulsing as they pumped 
Alan's seed. Within the same second her other hand stabbed downward 
skewering both testes on the tines of the fork.

The scream rang from the walls of the chamber as reality crashed home 
on Alan. It was a shriek of primal agony ripped from his soul. In 
jarring counterpoint other primal sounds filled the chamber as first 
Viper and then the entire assemblage of watching women gave voice to 
the consuming orgasms this triumph of their kind over manhood had 
unleashed in them.

Alan's screamed again and again as his loins pumped forth their plenty 
deep into Vipers chasm. Each spurt of what should have been satisfying 
delight was now a spurt of searing, throbbing pain. Bob could see the 
pierced balls still contracting and the still connected sperm ducts 
that led into Alan's tortured body writhing as the cum was pumped 
through them. There was a final twitch and Alan's screams subsided into 
sobs as the sounds of the women faded into moans of satisfaction.

Viper stood up with her legs spread wide and outstretched her arms, 
throwing her head back with a wide grin of victory on her face. White 
gouts of semen dripped from her bush and a thick wad slithered down the 
inside of one thigh. The audience broke into wild applause and she 
bowed low. Then she turned around to face Alan and looked down on him 
as he lay there with his balls still pinned cruelly to the block and 
still wired to his body by the quivering cords of flesh.

"I can cut them off all the way and make it stop hurting," she said.

"Please take them!" he begged.

"First you must clean up the filthy mess you made!" she hissed.

She lowered her crotch over his face and made him lick the semen from 
her bush and thighs and took her time to see he got every speck. Then 
she turned and with a quick knife stroke severed the cords. Alan 
relaxed in relief as his traitorous balls were mercifully disconnected.

Viper stepped down from the table and walked over to her slave and took 
up his leash. She began to mingle with the audience, receiving many a 
compliment for what seemed to be a routinely great performance.

A jailer stepped up on the table with a needle and thread and stitched 
up Alan's scrotum. The incision was surgically neat, thanks to Viper's 
skill, and would heal nicely.

She pulled the fork from the block with the severed testes still 
impaled on it and took it over to a small fireplace in the wall near 
the door. A small charcoal fire burned there beneath a grate. She set 
the testicles to roast over the fire, the fork still through them.

The women now turned back to the beverage cart and champagne corks 
began popping. A closet door was opened and whips, paddles and some 
strap-on dildos were brought out. Quite an orgy developed as the wine 
took hold and the women became horny and mean. The slaves were 
cheerfully and cruelly abused. Whip cracks and cries of pain or 
pleasure as the case might be filled the chamber. The judge and the 
mayor both sported strap-ons and double up on one poor slave who they 
had on his hands and knees. The mayor knelt behind him buried her mock 
member to the hilt in his behind as the judge forced hers deep down his 
throat, burying his nose on her bush. Both women ravaged him until they 
came violently.

As the orgy went on one of the jailers circulated through the crowd 
carrying a glass jar and some red tickets. A woman would take a ticket, 
tear it in two , tuck half away somewhere on her person and put the 
other half in the jar.

Alan was left lying there and was mostly ignored except for the 
occasional woman who would step up on the table and empty her bladder 
into his mouth. Bob was totally ignored except for taunting looks. His 
time would come the next day.

The jailer had been keeping an eye on the roasting balls and after some 
time she clanged a corkscrew on a wine bottle to get attention and 
announced the drawing for the "door prize." She took the jar with the 
tickets to Viper who reached into it, drew out a ticket and called out 
a number.

There was a squeal of delight from a petite Japanese woman named Kiku 
who rode astride a groveling slave. She and the prosecutor had been 
having a slave race around the table, riding on the backs of their 
slaves and spurring and whipping them, forcing them to drag their ball 
weights ever harder and stretching their sacks dangerously.

She held up her ticket stub and spurred her slave over to Viper to 
verify the number. The jailer took the roasted testes from the grill 
and presented them to Kiku. She dismounted and hopped up on the table 
to stand over Alan. She waved the roasted balls in his face and made 
him sniff them. Finally she took one then the other from the fork and 
popped them in her mouth, chewing slowly for Alan's benefit and then 
swallowed hard and rubbed her tummy mockingly. Tears of humiliation and 
despair trickled down the sides of Alan's face.

The party broke up after a couple of hours and the women wandered off 
chuckling and chatting. The jailers released Alan, and because he no 
longer had balls they put a leash around his neck and led him away. 
They came back shortly for Bob and took him back to his cell.

Bob was exhausted from the harrowing day and terrified at being in the 
clutches of the heartless and lascivious she devils. He passed out more 
so than he slept yet it seemed he had barely closed his eyes when he 
heard the key in the lock. Two jailers entered and with a few sharp 
kicks forced him to his knees. One of them produced a syringe and gave 
Bob a shot in the left buttocks. He soon felt alert and wakeful and, 
strangely, a bit horny.

They fed him a bowl of tasteless but filling slop and then lead him to 
the cleaning room for his morning grooming. When finished they led him 
upstairs into the main corridor of the courthouse and out the front 
door. The village was small and primly tended with a cobblestoned main 
street about three blocks long that ended in a grove of large trees. 
Bob was led down the courthouse steps and down the street toward that 
other end. The sun was just rising through a notch in the hills but the 
air was already warm and muggy and sure to become hot and sultry before 
long.

The street was deserted at this early hour and all was still. The only 
sounds were the click of the jailers bootheels on the cobblestones and 
the soft clink of Bob's chains as he shuffled along trying to keep up 
with the quick march pace that was set for him. About half way down the 
street they passed a bakery and standing in the doorway, filling it 
with her massive body was an enormous woman. She had dark hair that 
hung in ringlets, creamy white skin and blue eyes that sparkled with 
merry cruelty. She wore a baggy bright red and yellow floral dress and 
was barefoot. With a leer she munched on a doughnut and Bob felt dread 
at the certainty that at some time during the day those fleshy thighs 
would clamp down upon his head and smother him as she writhed in the 
throes of her brute pleasure.

Soon they reached the grove that stood at the end of the street. The 
trees were tall elms and under the arching boughs was a wooden deck 
about thirty feet square and two feet above the ground. Two steps led 
up to it. In the center was mounted an iron ring with a short chain 
extending from it ending in a padlock. To the left of this was a deep 
leather arm chair, to the right a pillory like the one Bob had been 
confined in during Alan's castration and straight back was a twelve by 
twelve wooden beam lying flat on the deck. There was a slight hollow 
carved in one end of the beam and a cushion on each side of it at that 
same end. The pillory had a padded platform placed on the deck on the 
side opposite the chain.

Just to the left of the stairway a wooden pole was mounted in the deck 
and several clothing hooks were fastened to it. To the right of the 
stairway stood a small table with three glass jars on it. One jar, the 
largest, was empty. One of the others was half full of black marbles 
and the other contained about the same number of white ones.

The jailers led him to the center of the deck, padlocked the end of his 
leash to the chain and made him kneel there. They then stepped over to 
the pole, loosened their belts, stepped out of their shorts and hung 
them on hooks. Naked below the waist they turned back to Bob. The 
blonde jailer made an "after you" motion to the redhead who stepped 
toward him, took him by the hair and pulled him over to the chair. She 
reclined in it with her legs over the arms and pointed to her pussy 
imperiously. Bob knew by now what was expected of him and he leaned 
forward to serve her. She came lustily after a few minutes of his 
service and then invited the blonde to take her place. He served her as 
well then watched as they walked over to the table with the jars. Each 
reached for a black ball and tossed it into the empty jar with a 
disgusted look at Bob.

There was no mistaking what the meaning was. His service had been found 
wanting and they had cast votes for his castration. The women stepped 
back into their shorts and walked back toward the courthouse without 
looking back

Bob knelt there on the deck chilled with fear. He looked around him and 
off to the right about a hundred feet away was a woman tending a small 
garden. She wore faded jeans, a red plaid blouse, wide brimmed straw 
hat and was barefoot. The woman glanced at Bob but continued her work 
until she reached the end of the row. Then she leaned her hoe against a 
tree and strolled toward the deck. She reached the steps already 
unbuttoning her jeans and she stepped casually out of them and hung 
them on the hook. After a slight hesitation she shrugged and removed 
the blouse and hat as well. She was tall, hefty, Rubenesque, her brown 
hair pinned up on top of her head. She approached Bob animal naked and 
sweating in the warm muggy air. Stopping at arms length from him she 
yawned , stretched and scratched her crotch.

"I am Olga," she said. "It looks like the early bird will catch the 
worm this morning. Since I don't think any body else will be along for 
quite awhile we should have plenty of time to get acquainted."

Then she put a hand on his forehead and shoved him roughly over 
backward so his head hit the deck with a thud. The bump blurred his 
vision momentarily and when his eyes cleared he saw her squatting over 
his face with her hairy loins hovering a handsbreadth away. She put a 
hand in front of her bush and he saw her extend two fingers and wiggle 
them. Seconds later a yellow torrent poured from her and splashed over 
Bob's face. He knew what was expected but before he could open his 
mouth to drink her offering a good deal of it splattered and puddled 
about her feet. He managed to swallow about two thirds of it.

When she finished she glared down at him and stood up. Lifting a 
dripping foot she pressed it against his mouth. Bob knew he would be 
well advised to lick it and he began to work his tongue over it. There 
was not only the urine but dirt from the garden covering her feet and 
she made him clean her thoroughly, every inch of the sole and instep 
and deep between the toes. When satisfied with the right foot she 
placed it on his chest to keep it out of the puddle and pressed her 
bulk down on him as she stood on his chest while he cleaned her left. 
When her foot was spotless she stepped aside and made him crawl and 
lick and slurp the puddle from the deck.

Rough, earthy and crude she wasn't finished with him by any means. He 
knelt before her as she put her hands behind his head and pulled his 
face into her dense brown bush. She forced him to serve her as she 
stood there forcing his head back and grinding her sweaty loins, 
smearing her abundant juices over his face, then climaxed brutishly, 
her knees buckling as she leaned hard upon him to keep from tumbling 
over.

Olga sighed with satisfaction and pushed him away. She glanced around 
and saw they were still alone there in the dewey morn. Grinning 
wickedly she stepped over to the pillory and opened the jaws. She 
simply pointed at the open neckhole and Bob knew her expectation. He 
knee walked over and stuck his head in and she clamped it tight. The 
pillory could be adjusted heightwise and she lowered his head to a 
height she wanted, then lowered herself to hands and knees on the 
platform presenting her broad behind to Bob. She backed up while 
spreading her cheeks wide her pinkish brown anus twitched and puckered 
as it moved inexorably toward his mouth. She made contact and kept 
pressing backward forcing Bob's head back against the board.

"Open up and get your tongue in there!" she demanded. He obeyed, 
opening his mouth, and as he did she pressed back all the harder 
forcing his mouth wide open surrounding her anus with his lips. He 
pressed his tongue forward against it and worked it around but she 
lurched backward demandingly and he pressed hard against her clenched 
sphincter and felt it give. His tongue slid deep inside her. She 
lurched again and he recalled his encounter in the ditch with the 
sergeant and how she liked having the inner rim of her sphincter 
massaged. He worked his tongue in circles and was rewarded with a grunt 
of pleasure from her and more pressure. With her right hand she began 
to work her clit, bouncing back rhythmically as she did so.. Bob saw 
his only salvation in hastening her climax and he writhed his tongue 
hard. Her anus contracted as orgasm took her. Her big body bucked and 
thrashed threatening to break his neck. Then with a deep sigh she fell 
forward on her belly moaning in satisfaction.

When she had recovered from her climax she stood and walked over to the 
jar, took out a black ball, looked at Bob and shrugged and tossed it in 
the jar. She dressed and walked away to pick up her hoe. Bob's heart 
sank and his balls involuntarily tried to retreat inside his body 
protectively.

But Bob had other problems because while he had been serving the 
gardener two cars had pulled up near the deck. One was a black BMW , 
the other a gray Mercedes. A leggy blonde in a gray suit jacket, black 
mini-skirt and spike heeled pumps stepped out of the BMW while the 
other car held a somewhat mousey looking brown haired woman with 
glasses. She was also dressed professionally with in a blue pin striped 
suit with mini-skirt.

The women approached the deck chatting casually about the heat of the 
coming day. They climbed the steps, dropped their skirts and hung them 
on the pole. Neither wore underwear. The blonde stepped up to Bob while 
the other woman waited her turn. She took him by the hair and pulled 
him back toward the beam, forcing him to lie face up with his head in 
the hollow. She stepped over so she straddled him looking down at his 
face. Then she lowered herself, planting her snatch on Bob's face as 
she knelt on the pads. She bounced downward once and Bob knew by now 
this meant "get busy!"

He worked his tongue about her loins and noticed her bush was neatly 
trimmed into a prim triangle. She bounced again demandingly and Bob 
worked harder and finally found her clit swollen, primed ready for 
orgasm. She bounced twice and Bob guessed correctly that this meant "I 
demand orgasm now!" He increased his efforts accordingly and she gushed 
her hot juices into his mouth and threw back her head letting out a 
wail of delight. Her body relaxed and she propped herself up by leaning 
her hands on his forehead while the blissful spasms subsided.

She stood and ordered him up off the beam but the brown hair woman 
asked her to leave him there. She too straddled him but faced the other 
way so her anus ground hard upon his nose while she rode his face. He 
responded to the cues he was learning and she came quickly and hard.

She got up but put a foot on Bob's chest by way of telling him to stay 
on the beam. He glanced to his left and saw a group of about ten more 
smartly dressed women waiting their turns. Some were on the deck with 
their skirts already off and others were on the street talking. They 
were women with jobs who commuted to the city and had come to get their 
votes in before leaving for work. It seemed they preferred to be served 
on the beam because it didn't rumple their neatly pressed suits. They 
were demanding and in a hurry and Bob had to service them in quick 
succession. He spent half and hour solid with a woman's crotch on his 
face with barely time to breathe. But as he was led back to the center 
of the deck by the last woman he noticed three white balls in the jar.

Hope rose in him but still the black far outnumbered white. But yet the 
day was young and the sun was only just above the top of the highest 
hill.

Now the town was waking up and every ten minutes or so a woman walked 
down the street or drove up in a car and mounted the deck to be 
serviced. They were all ages shapes and sizes, some pretty some not so 
much so. What all had in common was an attitude of total dominance. 
Each woman's pussy was a ravenous, hairy consuming thing that seemed to 
have a will of it's own. Each seemed ready to devour him in its savage 
pursuit of its gratification and Bob was sometimes surprised not to 
find teeth inside them.

The sun was high now and Bob guessed he might have serviced fifty 
women. About half the balls in the jars had been transferred but by now 
a third of the balls were white and he seemed to be gaining ground. 
Numerous women now lingered around the deck either waiting to be 
serviced or just hanging around afterward to watch and laugh tauntingly 
when some new and creative indignity was inflicted on him.

Bob was bewildered because there was no predicting how a woman might 
vote.. He had just serviced a stern and imperious woman of about forty 
five; a tall shapely creature with black hair tied up severely on her 
head who wore a charcoal gray suit jacket and skirt. She had also been 
present at the castration. It seemed from what he overheard from the 
onlookers that she owned the town bank. She had methodically stripped 
to her stockings, garters and pumps before enthroning herself in the 
chair and pointing commandingly to her crotch. He had buried his face 
in the black triangle and served her with the most abject submission 
following the unspoken commands and subtle cues he was learning more 
and more of as the day went on. She was tense, tightly wound, 
insistent, seemingly impossible to please but her persevered until she 
erupted into multiple orgasms that transformed her into a cooing, 
quivering blob of satisfied delight. She sighed deeply and clenched her 
thighs around his head in something like affection but then got up and 
voted for castration, got dressed and left without even looking back at 
him.

Another source of consternation to Bob was the thick erection he had 
been sporting for some hours. He had become excited by the atmosphere 
of rampant female eroticism and found himself serving the women with a 
growing eagerness to please. A wet and urgent pussy would be pressed 
against his face and he would lavish his adoration upon it and feel a 
pleasure of his own when it's owner melted into sated softness under 
the ever more artful ministrations of his tongue. Even when a woman 
voted for castration he only wondered how he might have pleased her 
more.

There was a clopping of horse hooves on the cobblestones and Bob looked 
down the street to see a tall blonde goddess approaching astride a 
splendid black horse. It was the mayor. Her blond hair flowed behind 
her in a long ponytail. She wore only a black leather vest and tall 
black riding boots with sharp silver spurs. Her naked blonde loins were 
caressed by the leather of her saddle.

When she reached the deck she dismounted and strode up the steps with a 
firm stride, riding crop in hand. When she reached him she forced him 
to his back, squatted over his face, extended two fingers and wiggled 
them. Bob knew what to expect but still reacted too slowly and the 
yellow flood overwhelmed him. He spilled a good share of her product on 
the deck and worst, on he fine boots. She furiously ordered him to his 
knees and then made him lick her boots clean as she cropped him 
cruelly.

Her anger was not long in turning to arousal. She kicked Bob in the 
direction of the chair and settled herself in comfortably. Unbidden, 
Bob buried his face in the golden thicket between her comely thighs and 
busied himself. Her anger still burned and it filled her with a cruel 
impatience. Only a vigorous, intense climax could calm her and to 
hasten this result she set her spurs to him. He felt sharp jabs on each 
side of his lower back and the salt of his sweat stung the fresh 
wounds. He increased his efforts but still the barbs pierced him. She 
began prodding him rhythmically with each roll of her hips and Bob 
served her with abject desperation. A savage sound was expelled from 
her as climax engulfed her and she gave one last stab of the spurs that 
embedded them in his flesh where they remained as she writhed in her 
delight, giving forth deep, chesty sighs.

She relaxed with a little groan, pushed Bob away almost gently, got up 
and rewarded his efforts with a white ball.




Part Three

The ordeal continued as the sun passed its zenith and the sultry heat 
made the view of the distant hills shimmer. A haze filled the sky and 
the air was still and close. The shade of the big trees was merciful 
but intended more for the comfort of the women who came to be served 
than for Bob's. It was mid-afternoon and the hottest part of the day. 
There was a lull in the parade of women but more and more of them 
seemed to be lingering about the deck after being served and voting. 
About three fourths of the balls used for voting were now in the big 
jar. Most of them were still black but whites were accumulating in a 
way that gave Bob hope.

As he knelt there on the deck looking down the street toward the 
courthouse he saw a splash of bright red and yellow in the middle 
distance. The figure moved toward the center of the street and resolved 
itself into the form of the fat woman who had stood in the bakery door 
when he had been led forth that morning. She was coming now to be 
pleasured and cast her judgement. Had she waited purposely for the 
muggy heat to be at its worst?

"Here comes Bertha!" he heard a woman in the crowd say and all eyes 
turned down the street. Scattered chuckles and giggles could be heard 
among the women and the gathering of an audience was now explained. The 
women had gathered to witness the spectacle of the massive woman 
working her will upon Bob.

Her pace down the street was leisurely but her approach carried such 
menace that to Bob she seemed to cover ground with undue speed. She 
stepped up onto the deck with a light footedness that seemed 
incongruous and without fanfare removed her dress and hung it on the 
hook. Her body was naked beneath it. Though a virtual mountain of flesh 
she was yet not without shape and womanly grace. Sweating profusely, 
rivulets running down over her milky white bulk, she approached Bob and 
in passing took him by the ear and pulled him back toward the beam.

Bob's heart pounded in near panic. He had feared this above all. It 
would have been one thing to be made to press his head between those 
ponderous thighs as she reclined in the chair or even to have his face 
engulfed between the mounts of flesh that were her cheeks but to have 
her settle her massive weight upon him as he lay supine upon the beam 
led to visions of no return.

But he lay himself down with resignation and she stood above him 
casting a wide shadow. She stretched and turned to her audience which 
responded with gleeful cheers and prompting. Looking up, Bob saw her 
lower herself, saw the fleshy thighs spread and the dense black bush 
part to expose the pink folds. She reached between her legs with both 
hands and spread herself wide before settling on his face. The oozing, 
squashy flesh of her mount engulfed his upturned face and then he felt 
her bulk settle full force upon him as light vanished and air was cut 
off. She bounced downward hard twice by way of making a simple demand: 
"You had better satisfy me quickly if you want to draw your next 
breath."

Bob had instinctively taken a deep breath before being submerged and he 
believed only that saved him. He plied his tongue desperately about her 
soft tissues and was relieved to find her near ready to climax. Her 
clit was a turgid marble of rampant flesh and he worked with vital 
urgency upon it. Warm slippery juices flowed abundantly over his face 
and he felt them trickle past his ears and down his neck. She bounced 
impatiently again and Bob, his breath fast running out, ground his 
tongue upon her in a panicked frenzy. He felt her convulse violently as 
her orgasm surged through her but then all went to blackness and 
nothingness.

He drifted a while in a murky dreamplace where visions of naked female 
loins and the faces of women grimacing in pleasure reeled by. Suddenly 
light returned and the sucking weight was removed and with a gasp he 
filled his lungs. Looking up he saw Bertha standing over him howling 
with laughter along with all who had been there to watch. When she saw 
he had regained consciousness she lowered herself again but stopped 
with her big snatch inches above his face. She extended two fingers and 
wiggled them and this time Bob reacted with practiced skill and opened 
wide as the golden torrent showered down. Her flow was copious and 
prolonged but he guzzled it without spilling a drop. She made him suck 
the dribbling leavings from her thick hair and then stepped away and 
awarded him a white ball, to not a few boo's and hisses from her fans.

The afternoon wore on and the shadows of the hills took on an 
encouraging slant as the sun sunk lower in the sky. It was getting 
toward the end of the work day. He could tell because a few of the 
professional women he had pleasured that morning drove up in their cars 
and disembarked to watch the goings on. He heard the throaty roar of a 
motorcycle and looked up the street to see the sergeant approaching. 
She parked her bike near the deck, stepped up and stripped below the 
waist with the same nonchalance she had shown when she "arrested" him. 
The pillory was her pleasure this time. Bob served her anus pleasingly, 
having some knowledge of her preferences and she awarded him a white 
ball.

She left him clamped in the pillory and Bob looked up to see three more 
familiar pussies. The judge, his "attorney" and the prosecutor stood 
naked side by side in front of him. They stood too close for him to 
crane his neck upward and see their faces but the memory of their eager 
loins was sharp and he recognized them.

They elected to use him by turns there in the pillory. The judge went 
first, backing her full shapely bottom up to his face and grinding her 
hips in a rolling motion as she rubbed her crotch and anus against his 
face. Then she settled backward with her hole against his mouth. Bob 
knew her expectation and he slid his tongue deep into her receptive 
orifice. With skill he had learned over the course of the day he 
brought her the pleasure she relished. She rubbed and kneaded herself 
between the legs and in minutes a climax made her buck and writhe, 
pressing Bob back hard against the board as deep sighs of satisfaction 
came from her.

The other two women took their turns to similar result. They released 
Bob and stepped over to the table to vote.

"Do you see any progress in the rehabilitation of this miscreant?" the 
judge asked her companions.

"There seems to be hope," said the prosecutor. "We can always castrate 
him if we change our minds and there's lots of fun to be had with him 
in the meantime."

It seemed all three women were in agreement because Bob gained three 
white balls for his efforts. The women walked off to mingle with the 
crowd and Bob noticed they didn't bother to dress. In fact more and 
more of the women were shedding their clothes. Some had arrived in 
various sorts of scanty domina attire, some had stripped to lingerie 
and others were simply brute naked in the sweltering heat.

The sound of an engine was heard in the distance and a pickup truck 
turned a corner onto the main street. The driver gunned the engine and 
accelerated toward the deck, then skidded to a stop. In the truck was 
the construction crew Bob had seen that morning. Two young women were 
in the cab and four more rode in the open box in back.

They piled out of the truck in a blur of suntanned flesh, denim and 
flannel. Each held a bottle of beer and swigged lustily from it as they 
jostled their way toward the deck. They were drunk, rowdy and profane, 
cursing each other playfully as each fought to be first in line to have 
her way with Bob. They left a trail of tee shirts, flannel shirts and 
cutoff jeans in their wake as they approached. By the time they climbed 
the steps and surrounded Bob all were naked but for their heavy work 
boots.

Work hardened, muscular specimens suntanned over their entire bodies, 
they stood in a circle around Bob and started kicking and shoving him 
roughly with their lug soled shoes. A couple of times Bob was shoved 
flat on his back and one of the girls took the opportunity to stomp his 
balls painfully before he could double up to protect himself.

The tall blonde who had greeted him that morning claimed him first. He 
was lying on his side, curled in a protective position. She put a foot 
on his shoulder and forced him onto his back. Bob looked up to see her 
crotch positioned above his face. Instinctively he opened his mouth 
wide and, not surprisingly considering the amount of beer she must have 
had, a flood of warm urine poured from her. He took it with a minimum 
of spillage but still earned a slap across his face. Then she plopped 
herself down, straddling his head between her sweaty, muscular thighs, 
and made him serve her then and there until she came brutishly.

Each of the young women took her turn with Bob in similar fashion. Two 
of them chose anal pleasure and sat their bottoms over Bob's mouth 
while they worked their clits with their hands. He felt battered and 
exhausted when they finished with him but five of the six balls that 
went into the jar were white.

When all the girls had been satisfied they joined the crowd around the 
deck. A carnival atmosphere had developed and there was a buzz of 
voices punctuated with raucous laughter. About one hundred women stood 
about the town square now and Bob had serviced most of them.

A clattering sound of metal on cobblestone came from up the street and 
Bob saw a large wagon approaching. It was meant to be horse drawn but 
instead eight naked men toiled along in harness under the whip of a 
jailer who rode on the seat. As the wagon drew close Bob looked at the 
faces of the slaves. They were blank, vacant, resigned. He looked down 
to their loins and saw limp penises dangling over empty scrotums. Alan 
was the third slave back on the left side of the wagon tongue. A tingle 
of fear raced up Bob's spine. Here were castrated slaves being casually 
used as human oxen by these frightfully cruel vixens. There seemed to 
be no limit to what they might be inflict on a man.

The wagon was loaded with shaved ice in which two kegs of beer and 
numerous bottles of wine and champagne were embedded. Another party was 
in the offing to celebrate the degradation of yet another hapless male.

The kegs were already tapped and the construction girls crowded around 
before the wagon even stopped rolling. The slaves were unharnessed and 
set to work setting up some large torches, which had also been aboard 
the wagon, around the deck and here and there about the park. It seemed 
the revels would last far into the night.

The sun now hung low above the hills and long, deep shadows extended 
toward the deck from the buildings and trees surrounding it. Three 
balls were now left in the two small jars; two black and one white.

A short, plump, dark haired woman in a black dress, black pumps and 
brass wire rimmed glasses climbed the steps of the deck. She unzipped 
her dress and stepped from it, then removed her black underthings until 
she was naked except for spike heels and spectacles. She had a prim, 
school-marmish way about her despite her flagrant nudity.

Settling back in the chair, she motioned to Bob in a now familiar way 
and he knee walked his way to her and pressed his face deep in the lush 
black growth between her plump thighs. He was desperate to please 
because one more white ball would be his reprieve, if indeed these 
cruel bitches would actually abide by the result of his efforts should 
their whim dictate otherwise.

Nevertheless he served her with practiced skill, conveying the sense of 
total adoration and most abject submission he knew was the common 
denominator in pleasing all of them. She took her time with him and 
stopped him occasionally to give detailed instructions as if speaking 
to a child. When he had mastered her requirements she lapsed into a 
state of animal ardor and thrashed about the chair grinding her rampant 
womanhood against his face until she came in a cataclysmic rush.

When finished she shoved him away and stood up. She turned around and 
flaunted her pert, round bottom in Bob's face and demanded he shower it 
with kisses. There was a twinkle in her eye as she stepped over to the 
jars to vote and she lingered there, toying with Bob as he watched 
anxiously. Reaching first for the white ball then for a black one and 
back and forth again she finally took a black one and dropped it in the 
big jar. Bob"s heart sank. There was to be no mercy and no relenting. 
They would wring the last bit of pleasure and amusement from him and 
probably castrate him into the bargain.

A chilling realization struck Bob. One woman had been conspicuous by 
her absence through his ordeal. He wondered about it for a moment but 
then got his answer when he looked up the street toward the courthouse 
and saw a figure coming down the steps, obscured by the deep shade cast 
by the building. But then the apparition passed from the shadow into 
the light of the westering sun. Viper!

Her naked golden flesh glowed in the waning sunlight, the lurid tattoo 
seeming to slither up and down her body as her graceful slinky stride 
carried her inexorably toward her assignation with Bob. She carried a 
black leather sack in her left hand.

The sweat of primal fear ran down the middle of Bob's back as she drew 
nearer. The crowd now pressed close around the deck. Picnic tables and 
park benches had been pulled up close around it so those there to 
witness the spectacle could stand on them for a better view. A hush had 
fallen. The air was still and sultry. The only sounds were the clicking 
of Viper's boot heels on the cobblestones and the chirping of the 
nighthawks that swooped about indifferently overhead. Viper reached the 
deck and climbed the steps with a silken grace. She glanced at the jars 
on the table then set the black bag down next to them.

Turning to Bob she said," My sincerest apologies for arriving so late. 
Urgent disciplinary matters in the dungeon unavoidably detained me. Now 
it seems it falls to my lot to render final judgement upon you."

With a few swift gliding steps she crossed the deck and forced Bob onto 
his back. He found himself with Viper sitting on his chest with her 
thighs either side of his head and his chin in the hairy slit of her 
pussy. It's feral musk filled his nostrils, exuding animal eroticism 
and danger. He realized that from the first time he had seen her he had 
known this moment to be inevitable and fear of it had lingered in the 
back of his mind. To her he was merely helpless prey. She could torment 
him, enslave him, make him adore her then castrate him, make a snack of 
his balls and forget him.

"How unfortunate for you I was busy so late," she purred at him. "If I 
had come by earlier the black ball you will almost certainly earn might 
have meant less in the scheme of things. You might have had a chance to 
redeem yourself with some of my fellow citizens. But, as you may have 
noticed, I simply adore performing castrations. In fact castrations 
give me more pleasure than anything else. Where you and any other 
members of your gender are concerned I care about only one thing and 
that is how much pleasure I can take from you. Your unenviable task is 
to somehow persuade me that I will have more pleasure if I let you keep 
your precious balls. Now I offer you my pussy to serve. I am most fond 
of my pussy. It is by far my favorite part of myself because of the 
wonderful orgasms it gives me. It will really decide your fate and you 
had best treat it accordingly."

With one slithering, sinuous motion she shifted herself to squat over 
his face with her sex looming above it. Reaching between her legs with 
both hands she spread herself wide.

"Look at it!" she hissed.

Bob stared upward at the pinkish brown cleft in her hairy mount. The 
clit was large and protuberant. The maw of her vagina clenched and 
relaxed rhythmically, seeming eager to envelop his member and seal his 
fate. Her anus puckered and twitched impatiently. Bob's heart pounded 
in mingled terror and urgent lust. His shaft was like steel and his 
balls ached inside the tight manacle as they swelled with his growing 
arousal. Suddenly she wiggled two fingers and Bob took fair warning, 
throwing his mouth open to catch the pungent nectar that spilled from 
her. Even her piss had a quality of heady wine. There was a wild taste 
to it and it made him long for her the more even as it terrorized him. 
Viper emptied herself into him then cackled gleefully.

"So the day's lessons have not been lost on you," she said. "Let's see 
if the efforts of our good citizens to re-educate you have born fruit."

With that she spun around to face his feet and lowered her torrid 
womanhood over his face. Bob pressed upward to meet her, driven by a 
mix of fear and longing. He began to use the secrets he had learned 
through the long day, exploring and caressing her with abject and 
tender passion. But she seemed unmoved by things that had turned some 
of the other women to jelly. She slid the padlock around his balls 
downward until the skin of his sack stretched tight and shiny as an 
over-inflated balloon and his balls stood out in sharp relief. "It's my 
right to take them any time I want to now and I don't believe the good 
ladies would mind a bit!" he heard her say.

She hooked the long, sharpened nails of her other hand under his 
stretched sack and he felt them dig in perilously.

"I've taken more than a few pair of these with just my nails" she 
snarled as she pressed in harder and bounced down once with her hips. 
"I've already had several very good orgasms today and I expect one from 
you that's truly exceptional if you don't want me to pop your little 
bubble here."

Bob felt a sense of abandonment take him over and he blankened his mind 
to anything other than the soft erogenous tissues his tongue caressed 
and gave himself over to a total adoration of her as a goddess who 
possessed his body and soul. Viper sensed the totality of his surrender 
and gave in to the pleasure of it, relaxing her iron grip on his balls 
and allowing her body to soften, immersing herself in her enjoyment. 
Bob realized he had unlocked the secret of her pleasure. She was a 
supremely dominant creature and only the most profound and absolute 
submission to her will could satisfy her. She could sense even the 
slightest resistance in one who was expected to serve her and would 
crush it with the utmost ruthlessness. But now his utter submission had 
been gained and she set about the business of pursuing her orgasm. She 
kept Bob busy here and there between her thighs, making him lavish his 
tongue upon her labia and slip it far up into the salty cavern of her 
vagina. When she could bear no more in foreplay she pressed the turgid, 
rampant orb of her clit upon his tongue and bounced twice to signal her 
desire for immediate climax. Bob gave his all, grinding the tip of his 
tongue upon her orb worshipfully, as Viper clamped her thighs tight 
upon the sides of his head and writhed her hips in short jerking 
thrusts, her breath escaping in short gasps as her arousal built to 
unbearable tension. Sweat poured from her in the sultry evening air. A 
sudden rush of ecstasy exploded in her loins and surged through her 
body to her outermost extremities. A gush of hot oozing female 
ejaculate filled Bob's mouth as Viper let out a ferocious wail of 
brutish delight that rang in the arching boughs of the trees above. Bob 
ceased his licking but she bounced down twice again and he obediently 
resumed as she rode his face in the throes of a consuming multiple 
orgasm. Bob continued plying his tongue upon her as she came again and 
again, writhing and grinding her hips and shrieking maniacally. Then 
she let out a deep moan and her head slumped down as she leaned on her 
arms shuddering and breathing deeply. But yet she was far from 
finished. She placed her anus over his mouth and enjoyed his tongue 
there for awhile and then fondled herself to another casually brutish 
climax.

When finished she stood and bent over to grab Bob by his hair and tug 
him up to his knees. Then she stepped over to the table where she had 
set the black bag. Reaching inside she withdrew a strange and ominous 
instrument that it took Bob a moment to identify. Then he recognized 
the fleshy-colored latex imitation of an erect penis. Straps and 
buckles dangled from it and at right angles upward from it's base 
extended the silvery shaft of a vibrator. The mock penis was a good ten 
inches long with a diameter most men would envy.. A large pair of false 
testicles bulged from it's base.

"It has been well said that a turnabout is fair play," Viper said as 
she stepped back toward Bob holding the dildo in her right hand. "Since 
I find it unlikely that thing of yours is up to the task at hand why 
don't we try mine?"

Standing spread legged, she positioned the silver vibrator shaft 
between her legs and then pressed upward so it slid deep inside her. 
This evoked a sigh of anticipatory pleasure as she buckled the straps 
tightly around her hips.

The dildo jutted from her bush, a gross mockery of all maleness. She 
approached Bob until the tip of it was inches from his face.

"How many blowjobs have you had?" she asked.

"Answer me!" she snarled when Bob hesitated.

"O...only one," Bob replied.

"I'll bet you've wanted one from every woman you've seen haven't you?" 
She snapped.

"Haven't you?!"

"Y...yes," answered Bob, blushing deeply.

"Have you ever sucked a cock?"

"N... no."

"That can easily be remedied," she said as she reached behind Bob's 
head and pulled him forward while guiding the tip of the shaft toward 
his mouth. Bob clenched his teeth but she gave a quick, sharp kick that 
struck his balls and he opened his mouth to yelp, whereupon Viper 
thrust her hips forward and shoved the dildo in a third of the way. She 
twisted his hair painfully and slapped his face. Resigned, Bob just 
knelt there holding the false dick in his mouth and awaiting her next 
demand.

"Come on, suck it! lick it!" she crooned. "Be my good little whore!"

Bob began to fellate the dildo, trying his best to imitate sluts he had 
seen in porno flicks. She rolled her hips back and forth shoving the 
phallus ever deeper and pressing hard against the back of his throat. 
Suddenly she grabbed his ears and pressed determinedly against his 
gullet. He gagged and backed away but she persisted, forcing the thick 
glans hard upon him until suddenly something gave. He gagged again but 
the dildo slid deep down his throat until his nose pressed into the 
hair of her bush.

He felt a shivering in the dildo and he realized she had pressed a 
switch somewhere that activated the vibrator embedded deep inside her. 
She groaned deeply as the pleasure took hold of her, pulled the dildo 
out, then shoved it back in again, deeper if possible. Obviously 
intending to satisfy herself by throat fucking him, she began to grind 
and gyrate her hips vigorously and with utter disregard for anything 
but her pleasure. Bob gagged and choked, drawing breaths as best he 
could manage between probing thrusts. Mercifully her climax was not 
long in erupting. With one cruel, deep thrust she buried the shaft full 
length and grunted bestially as orgasm assailed her. The force of it 
buckled her knees and doubled her over at the waist causing the dildo 
to disengage with a pop. She leaned on him, still coming as the 
vibrator continued it's work.

She switched off the vibrator as her orgasms played out, then she 
pushed Bob away.

"Are you a virgin?" she asked.

"N... no ah yes um I..." Bob stammered uncertainly.

"I mean have you ever been fucked in the ass you fool?" she badgered 
him.

"N... no."

"Good. There is nothing quite so satisfying as a deflowering. Trust me! 
I will not be gentle!"

She stepped over to the pillory and opened it while turning to Bob and 
piercing him with an impatient glare. He understood her unspoken demand 
and dutifully knee walked over to it and placed his neck between the 
jaws even as his heart climbed into his throat. He trembled as he knelt 
there helpless with his ass in the air. There was no mistaking what was 
to come next. Viper reached into one of her high boots and took out a 
small squeeze bottle full of a clear oil. She uncapped it and squirted 
oil liberally on the dildo and then stuck the long thin nozzle into 
Bob's anus, lubricating him thoroughly.

"Don't mistake this for kindness," she said. "I merely wish to ensure 
that my entering thrust will be to the hilt. You will hurt as you have 
never hurt before at first. But then a surprise awaits you that will 
change your life..."

He felt her knees between his ankles and then the prodding of the shaft 
against his tight and tender puckering. Her nails dug deep into the 
flesh of his hips as she sought a firm grip. He felt a relentless 
pressure like a log being forced into his body as she pressed forward 
mercilessly. Her knees were between his and he felt her soft breasts on 
the small of his back as she coiled herself for the thrust. Suddenly 
she threw her hips forward and Bob felt his sphincter give as her mock 
member plunged deep. There was a stabbing agony as he felt her belly 
touch his buttocks. He screamed and then broke down into sobs of 
mingled pain and humiliation.

Viper kept the dildo buried deep and commenced a gyrating motion. She 
would have her pleasure later but was now intent on causing him pain 
and in stretching his tortured anus. She pulled back and plunged in 
again ruthlessly, then ground some more. Bob thrashed about in a futile 
effort to dislodge the tormenting shaft but she ravaged him into 
submission.

When she had stretched him to her satisfaction she switched on the 
vibrator and set about fucking him in earnest. Her sinuous strength 
allowed her to thrust with a remorseless rhythm and she soon was 
carried along with wild abandonment as the vibrator pulsed within her 
and she ground her rampant clit against the butt of the dildo.

Bob whimpered and moaned as she savaged him but to his bewilderment a 
strange sensation had begun deep inside him. At the depths of each of 
her thrusts there was an itching, burning twinge of pleasure. As his 
anus expanded much of the pain subsided and in spite of himself he 
began to raise his ass to meet her thrusts, seeking to increase the 
enjoyment she inflicted.

Viper passed into a state of erotic frenzy. Her mind had relinquished 
all control to her splendid body which now immersed itself in the 
pursuit of its blissful release. Her cadence quickened to a breathless 
pace, several thrusts now coming each second. Her sweat glistened in 
the waning sunlight. Bob's twinges of pleasure suddenly ran together 
into a long searing delight and, to his shock, he felt his balls 
contract violently and he came with a high pitched shuddering sigh of 
mingled ecstasy and humiliation. His seed spurted from him and 
splattered copiously on the deck.

This triggered Viper's coming. Reducing a man to such a state was one 
of her most cherished pleasures and the sounds a victim made when his 
sense of manhood was shattered by her ruthless penetration caused her 
to pass into a consuming and prolonged orgasmic state where climax 
followed climax in shattering succession. Her body was racked by 
pulsing waves of animal pleasure until with a final atavistic grunt of 
brute satisfaction she toppled forward over Bob's back with her face 
lying across her arms. She was limp and spent, the vibrator still 
running but leaving her unmoved as all desire had now been drained from 
her. She reached back to switch it off but remained draped over Bob 
with the dildo still embedded in him. She drew a deep breath, then 
exhaled and disengaged her shaft from Bob's ravaged rectum. Moving 
languidly she unlatched the pillory and freed Bob to rise to his knees 
facing her.

"Lick it up!" she ordered, pointing to the white splattering of semen 
on the deck in front of him. Bob stooped to obey without thought to how 
degrading was the act she commanded. Nothing seemed to matter any more. 
He felt dazed and drained, emasculated. Yet overshadowing it all was 
one undeniable fact. He wanted it again. He knew if a woman approached 
him again with a dildo bobbing in front of her he would perform the 
mock fellatio she demanded and then, at her behest, present his bottom 
to be violated for her pleasure. He would accept the burning shame as 
the price of the irresistible pleasure. He prayed he had satisfied 
Viper and she would let him keep his balls so he could again submit to 
her thrusts. He was transformed. He longed to live his life in the 
service of these women for as long as they found him pleasing.

Viper watched Bob as he licked the deck and she guided his head with 
the toe of her boot to spots he had missed. Then she ordered him to 
take the dildo in his mouth and clean it, soiled as it was by streaks 
of blood mixed with his waste. He submitted dutifully, licking and 
sucking every bump and crease until the dildo was spotless.

Finally she stepped over to the table and stood before the jars as if 
undecided. She held Bob in cruel suspense and even picked up the black 
ball before suddenly dropping it and choosing the white one. The 
audience broke into mingled boo's and cheers, the boo's coming no doubt 
from women who wanted to see his balls taken and the cheers coming for 
Viper's performance. Viper stepped down from the deck, picked up a 
glass of red wine at the wagon and mingled with the crowd. She still 
sported the dildo and strutted about with it getting many a laugh as 
she joked cruelly at Bob's expense.

The sun had just set. Torches were lit all around the square and the 
party continued in their flickering glow. Suddenly a rumbling sound was 
heard from the direction of the courthouse. All eyes turned that way. 
Gas lamps stood on poles all along the street and in their soft light 
Bob saw a moving, fleshy colored mass in the distance. As it moved 
closer it resolved into a large group of naked men crawling on hands 
and knees. They were herded along by half a dozen whip wielding 
jailers. The slave dungeon had been emptied for the party and the 
slaves were being driven down the street dragging their ponderous ball 
weights over the cobblestones. There were about fifty of them. They 
were herded into the square surrounding the deck and dispersed among 
the women gathered there. Another small wagon drawn by two eunuchs 
arrived carrying whips, paddles, dildos and other toys. The women 
crowded around and selected their toys. Most of them were more than a 
little drunk and the spectacle Viper had provided had made them horny. 
An orgy developed that dwarfed the one of the night before. Women took 
turns with the slaves, forcing them to submit to the most vile and 
creative indignities. Lusty orgasmic cries filled the sweltering night 
air. Bob was largely ignored early on but Olga, who had used him early 
that morning and the blonde construction forewoman came up on the deck 
to have their way with him and empty their bladders.

Then Bob saw the sergeant mounting the deck with a hefty dildo jutting 
from her thick bush. She approached Bob with a gleam in her eye.

"We have unfinished business," she said.




Part Four

The big woman stood before him in her voluptuous nudity, the hefty 
dildo projecting from the black thicket at her loins. The close, 
sweltering heat of the July night made the sweat run in rivers over her 
heavy breasts and broad shapely hips. She showed no discomfort, but 
rather, seemed to enjoy the animal sensuality of soft sultry air on 
naked flesh. The flickering torchlight gave her creamy skin a reddish 
gold hue. She still wore the heavy black jackboots.

"What did you call me the other day?" she asked Bob as he knelt there 
before her trembling in mingled fear and anticipation.

"A...a fat bitch mistress," he stammered, almost afraid to repeat the 
words even though she commanded it. 

"I gave you a good beating for that and made you eat me but did you 
think that would be the end of it?" she asked him. "Do you think just a 
couple of quick orgasms are enough to compensate me for such an 
insult?"

Bob had no answer. 

"I only had time for a mild reprimand then but now the evening 
stretches before us and I have ample time. I don't know what it will 
take to make me feel vindicated. We will just begin and see where 
things take us. What do you think you deserve?"

"Anything that pleases you mistress," Bob replied. "After insulting you 
so no punishment seems too great. I have rudely offended you and can 
only submit myself to your wrath and hope the pleasure I humbly give 
will soothe your wounded pride."

"Very well then," she said, stepping forward to present the thick glans 
of the dildo to Bob's lips. He took it full in his mouth and lavished 
oral worship upon it while she watched with amused contempt. Seeing him 
in his abject submission, humiliating himself, gave her great enjoyment 
and she kept him busy that way for some time, even taking time to have 
a jailer bring a big mug of beer for her to sip as she watched.

When she finished her beer she tossed the mug over the rail of the deck 
onto the grass and reached behind her to switch on the vibrator end of 
the double dildo which was embedded deep in her pussy. It's pulsations 
made her gasp and tremble. She grabbed Bob's hair and pulled his head 
forward while thrusting with her hips. He knew now not to resist but 
instead relaxed his throat and let the shaft slide home. His nose 
pressed into the sweat soaked hair of her loins. Her pungent musk was 
smeared over his face, exciting him despite the cruel predicament. 

She drew back, then plunged home again. He made his throat a cunt for 
her and she rolled her hips with heedless abandon, grinding her clit 
against the cupped base of the dildo and working her "G" spot hard with 
the vibrator. Bob fought for breath as best he could between thrusts, 
giving himself over to pleasing her. Orgasm exploded in her suddenly at 
the deepest point of a brutish thrust. The iron muscles beneath her 
softer womanly flesh tensed unbearably before turning to jelly as great 
spasms of delight swept over her. A crawly flood of woman cum gushed 
from her and ran down the inside of each thigh. She leaned on Bob and 
allowed the dildo to back out of his throat as the rushes of ecstasy 
subsided. Then she switched off the vibrator.

She stepped back from Bob when the pleasant tempest ended, then stood 
with legs spread wide and bade him to lick the clinging streams of her 
pleasure juices from between her hefty thighs. When he had finished she 
merely looked at him with an impatient glare and he knew what was to 
follow. He turned around, lowering his face to the deck while raising 
his behind and spreading his cheeks to present himself for her use.

Viper had courteously left her bottle of lubricant on the table and she 
availed herself of it, rubbing the slick oil the length of the member. 
Bob awaited her, shuddering in fear and longing. He was sore from 
Viper's ravages and the dildo the sergeant sported was if anything 
thicker. It was clear mercy was an idea unknown to her so he braced 
himself for the cruel penetration that would inevitably come.

The sergeant wasted no time. When the shaft was lubed to her 
satisfaction she dropped to her knees behind Bob and lined the glans up 
with his red, sore back passage. She leaned over to grab his hair and 
yanked his head up and back until he saw the boughs of the trees 
overhead. Then her muscular thighs and buttocks and shimmied and 
rippled as she plunged the shaft home with remorseless force. Bob broke 
down into blubbering sobs as pain lanced through him. She too ground 
the dildo about with a swivel-hipped motion, prolonging the tearing 
agony.

Then, without withdrawing the shaft she rose to her feet with her knees 
flexed. This withdrew the dildo partially but then she bent her knees 
and plunged downward bringing another cry of pain. She reached back to 
switch on the vibrator and began to take him with deep downward 
plunges. Her heavy breasts bounced and flopped and the layer of fat she 
wore jiggled but her movements showed an animal muscularity and grace 
as she gave herself over to the urges of her body. 

Once again Bob's pain subsided and the sharp, pleasureable twinges 
returned. When the sergeant passed into her rutting frenzy the deep 
jackhammer rhythm of her thrusts made ecstasy well up in his loins. He 
felt his toes curl as his balls throbbed and he spurted forth a creamy 
flood upon the deck. He gave a high pitched whimper that set off 
something like an eruption in the sergeant. She threw her head back and 
howled her triumphant delight to the full moon that had risen over the 
hills and then collapsed, bringing her full bulk down on Bob's back and 
riding him to the ground. She sat astride him as he lay on his belly 
with the dildo still in to the hilt. More orgasms followed and with 
each one she thrust her hips hard, inflicting hurt upon him for the joy 
of it. 

After half a dozen such climaxes she was finally spent. She switched 
off the vibrator, withdrew the dildo and stood, then kicked Bob sharply 
in the ribs with her jackboot to make him rise to his knees. As had 
Viper, she ordered him to lick up his mess and suck the soiled dildo 
spotlessly clean. Then she unstrapped it and tossed it aside. 

"That was most enjoyable but yet I am somehow unsatisfied," she said to 
Bob. "I believe there is only one thing that will ultimately assuage 
your insult and make clear to you our positions relative to one 
another."

" On your back!" she commanded in an iron voice and Bob hastened to 
obey. She squatted over his face with her anus almost touching his 
mouth.

"Rim me!" she ordered and Bob extended his tongue to caress her 
twitching blossom. 

"In a little while it will become obvious what is expected of you," she 
said.

She kept Bob busy for a few minutes, casually enjoying his tongue deep 
in her rectum.

Bob did his work with pleasing skill now, caressing the her inner rim, 
actually gratified by her little moans of pleasure. But suddenly he 
felt an object descend upon his tongue from deep inside her. He knew by 
its foul and bitter taste what it was and instinctively he tried to 
pull away but she held his head in an iron grip and looked down on him 
with a pitiless stare. 

"Yes, that's right," she said. "You will open your mouth and I will 
defecate and you will swallow it. If you think you have suffered up to 
now that will seem like pleasure if you refuse. Now I can't hold this 
forever so let's get it over with."

She rose a few inches so he could see her anus with the brown tip of 
the turd now protruding from it and inch or so. 

"Open your mouth!" she snarled and he complied, throwing his mouth open 
to it's widest.

She gave a lusty grunt and her anus spread wide as the thick stool 
slithered forth. It entered his mouth and slid to opening of his gullet 
and kept coming with an obscene relentlessness. It was heavy, dense, 
firm and it's foul reek almost suffocated him. He gagged and choked 
upon it, somehow getting its tip down into his throat and he let the 
peristaltic pressure of her bowels force it inside of him as he 
swallowed it inch by inch. It was the massive defecation of a large 
woman of lusty appetite and even as it coursed half way down his gullet 
its trailing end was still deep inside her rectum. It seemed an 
eternity passed before her anus closed with a twitching, satisfied 
motion and the end of it slipped into his mouth and down his throat. 
Immediately she lowered her anus onto his mouth and he knew to lick her 
clean.

She stood up and ordered him to his knees once again. She asked a 
jailer to bring her an empty ice bucket from the wagon and she set it 
down in front of him.

"Now you will kneel here with my shit in your belly until I am 
satisfied of your repentance. When I feel the time is right I will 
allow you to expel it into the bucket." 

She turned and walked away to drink beer and mingle with the others and 
gave no sign she was aware of his existence. Bob knelt there trembling 
in revulsion, barely able to keep the foul mass in his belly down. It 
might have been an hour before she returned and released him from his 
pennance. He heaved the brown mass from his belly with retching relief.

The acrid foulness was still in his throat though and she showed him a 
sort of mercy by lying him on his back and emptying her beer flooded 
bladder into his mouth to wash it away.

She stood over him looking down and said: "It will benefit you to 
understand that in the world of which you have now become a part you 
rank considerably below my feces in the greater order of things."

Then she turned away to join the party again.

The orgy continued far into the wee hours. Every mistress was sated and 
every slave was used and degraded to the point of near collapse. Light 
was showing in the east when at last the slaves were herded back to the 
dungeon and the women dispersed.

Bob was last to be led away and he was taken back to his cell and 
shoved inside. As he lay on his belly he felt a stabbing pain in his 
left buttock and then later his right. He managed to twist around and 
look up to see one of the jailers with a large syringe in her hand.

"Something for your health and well-being," she said. "A sick slave is 
no fun at all."

They left him there with a big bowl of food and he wolfed it down, 
licking the bowl spotless, so famished was he from the long ordeal. He 
drank deeply and without hesitation from the toilet. Then exhaustion 
took hold and sleep descended like a black curtain.

He awoke just minutes before he heard the cell door being opened. He 
felt rested and refreshed and he guessed the whole town must have slept 
in late to recover from the long night of revelry. 

Two jailers entered the cell. One of them carried a ball and chain such 
as the other slaves wore and also a black leather leash and collar. The 
other carried a large bowl of the slop he was to be fed. He was made to 
eat then they removed the shackles. Bob gave no thought to escape or 
resistance. There was no point to either idea now and he had long since 
accepted his new lot in life. 

He allowed the jailers to fit him with ball and chain, leash and collar 
then crawled along at heel beside them dragging the heavy weight as 
they led him to what the new day would bring. He was first taken to the 
cleaning chamber to be bathed and shaven. Then they made their way down 
the corridor to a long winding stairway going downward deep under 
ground. Bob was made to carry his ball weight down the stairs. They 
came to the door of a chamber deep within the building. The door was 
opened and he was led through into a circular room with old gray stone 
walls and floor.

On a leather thrones straight ahead sat Viper, naked as always except 
for the boots. Beside her sat a tall young redhead who Bob recognized 
as one of the young jailers who had thrown him in the van after the 
sergeant had had her way with him in the ditch. She too was nude except 
for boots. He had not taken note of her figure before, never having 
seen her naked but now she was revealed as a young Amazon with a 
graceful muscular form, full firm breasts, slender waist, full shapely 
hips and thighs.

The sight of Viper chilled him with fear even as his member stiffened. 
He knew he would soon again be subjected to her tender mercies. He was 
torn between terror and longing.

He knew the price of intimacy with her sumptuous body. Her young 
companion also seemed a formidable creature, a ravishing beauty who 
held herself with a haughty arrogance and pierced him with her flashing 
green eyes.

"I trust the new day finds you well," said Viper. "You have been 
brought here for the beginning of a week of final training and 
indoctrination before you are placed in the dungeon to begin your life 
as a pleasure slave."

"At this time I would like to inform you that you were never in real 
danger of being castrated yesterday. Our purpose in enslaving you is to 
wring every bit of pleasure from you we can. The goings on of the last 
two days were just a form of sport. The capture of a new slave always 
coincides with the castration of one who has outlived his usefulness. 
It is cause for celebration. You must admit all of us had a wonderful 
time yesterday and the castration the night before was a delight as 
always.'

"This is Tara," she continued, by way of introducing the young goddess 
by her side. "She is my apprentice. As I train you I will also be 
training her to serve as my successor."

"How old do you think I am?" she asked Bob.

"Late twenties mistress?" Bob answered. She looked mature but her 
graceful figure and flawless skin suggested youth.

"Flattering but not even close," replied Viper. "In fact I will soon be 
forty five. But I am not surprised by your guess. What you are seeing 
is the result of total sexual satisfaction in a woman. Orgasm at will 
fills the body with beneficial substances that markedly prolong 
youthfulness. I could go on with my duties here for many more years but 
I feel a need to move on to other interests. So I have chosen Tara here 
to succeed me as Mistress of Discipline. It will be interesting to see 
which one of us will eventually castrate you. Much will depend upon how 
much you benefit from the rigorous training you are about to begin."

She raised her legs and spread them wide, resting her ankles on the 
arms of the throne, exposing her lush pussy.

"Now come here and serve me," she said. "I would like to evaluate what 
you have learned over the past two days and see where to begin your 
training."

Bob crawled to her and put his face between her thighs. Her scent was 
as intoxicating as before and he trembled as he extended his tongue, 
eager to taste her.

But she grabbed his hair and stopped him then said: "Just make me come 
as quickly as you can. I will not instruct you or exhort you. I will 
relax and take the pleasure as it comes. When I finish you will serve 
Tara. Then we will critique you and punishment will be given for any 
shortcomings."

Then she pushed his face deep into her bush and settled back to enjoy. 

Bob set to work adoringly, the salty-spice taste of her dizzied him and 
he poured his worship of her into his service. In less than five 
minutes she came delightfully with a chesty sigh, writhing convulsively 
with her legs crossed around his head. He continued to tongue her 
softly and several more orgasms followed, soft pulsing, tingling 
climaxes that caused gushes of her rich juices to fill his mouth. She 
went limp and moaned her satisfaction.

Then she shunted him aside with her boot and Tara leaned over and 
grabbed him by the hair spread her legs wide and pulled his face 
between them. She also exuded a wild scent of womanhood unabashed. Her 
spice had it's own delectable piquancy. Less patient than than her 
mentor she grabbed his hair painfully and urged him with rough tugging 
and twisting to gratify her quickly. Her climax was quick and brutish, 
just one deep lusty grunt and a gush of her woman spunk. 

"What do you think?" Viper asked Tara.

"Much better but still not quite there," Tara replied. "I would have 
much preferred a multiple orgasm like yours. When he served me 
yesterday morning I really thought his lackluster performance warranted 
immediate castration. But a good day on the deck will do a lot to make 
a decent slave of even one so sorely lacking a he was."

"I agree," said Viper. "Let's give him a taste of the whips and then 
have another go with him." 

Tara stepped over to a switch box on the wall and pressed a button 
there. It activated a hoist in the ceiling that lowered an iron bar 
with manacles at each end that was suspended from the hoist by a cable. 
Viper gave Bob a kick in that direction by way of ordering him to kneel 
under the hoist. When the bar was lowered within reach Tara glared at 
him and he knew he must raise his arms so his wrists could be clamped 
in the manacles. Viper clamped him in and detached the weight from his 
scrotum. Tara pressed another button that raised him until his feet 
were about eighteen inches from the floor. There were chains with 
anklets mounted in the floor on each side of him and Viper fastened his 
legs into them so he hung helpless with arms and legs spread wide.

Then both women walked over to a place along the wall where a 
collection of whips hung on hooks. Each chose a hefty cat-o-nine-tails 
and returned to a position either side of Bob. He heard a whoosh from 
Tara's side and the leather thongs bit his flesh with a stinging burn 
that forced a short scream from him. Viper followed with her own harsh 
stroke. They set about their work methodically, covering his body with 
red welts from ankle to neck. He writhed in his bonds, pleading for 
mercy. This seemed to encourage and incite them more than anything. 

They stopped only when his body seemed to be clothed in burning pain. 
Viper lowered him to the floor and reattached the weight. He was 
released from the manacles and Tara seated herself in her throne in a 
position that was it's own command. Bob hastened to reach her lest he 
incur her further wrath, stretching his scrotum dangerously as he 
dragged the ponderous weight over the rough stone floor. He buried his 
face deep in her thicket and found her rampantly aroused. His suffering 
under the whip had excited her madly. He knew she expected quick 
gratification and he used all he knew to hasten her to the brink of the 
inviting precipice. This time she did not so much come as pass into a 
state of orgasmic frenzy. Her body jerked and writhed for a good couple 
of minutes as wails of delight rang from the chamber walls. With one 
final high-pitched sigh she relaxed with her legs draped over Bob's 
shoulders. Her tense muscles went limp and she lay there for a minute 
breathing langorously. Finally she pushed him away and passed him over 
to Viper who had assumed the position in the other chair. 

Viper was equally aroused and demanding. He serviced her to a violent 
multiple climax that left her spent and sweating.

The women conferred again and Viper said: "Not the improvement we had 
hoped for. Let's hang you up again. This time I think we'll give close 
attention to your precious organs. That is known to be a good motivator 
when all else fails."

Leaning against the wall nearby was an inch thick steel shaft about six 
feet long on the end of which was a ball about two inches in diameter. 
Tara brought it over under the hoist and slipped it into a socket in 
the floor so it stood upright protruding about four feet into the air. 
Viper directed Bob to kneel with his back to the shaft. She detached 
his weight and clamped his wrists into the manacles on the bar. Then 
Tara hoisted him aloft until his anus was just above the ball on the 
end of the shaft. Viper took her lubricant bottle from her boot and 
smeared the ball liberally then guided him so his anus aligned 
perfectly with the ball. Tara began to lower him. Viper held him steady 
as his weight forced the ball inexorably against his anus. Though he 
had been stretched by the dildos the size of the ball was much larger 
and his sphincter sent out stabbing pains of protest as it stretched to 
the limit to accept this cruel intrusion. Bob screamed as he was 
stretched to nearly the tearing point but then the ball passed his 
sphincter and it closed tight around the shaft holding him immobile. 
Then his ankles were shackled as before and he hung there spread-eagled 
and impaled upon the shaft unable to move even an inch to evade 
whatever cruelties were to be inflicted upon his tender parts.

"Before we begin the torture I would like to take the opportunity to 
further enlighten you regarding the world of which you have now become 
a part," Viper said. "You must be wondering why this is being done to 
you and why this peculiar little town exists at all."

"To get right to the point, we of this community are female 
supremacists. We believe that the deity, the creator, is a female 
entity, a goddess if you will, who created womankind in her image and 
created the male as a slave to the pleasure of the female. We have 
founded this community to make this view of the world a reality."

"Our town was founded some one hundred years ago by women of iron will 
who were much ahead of their time. Since then, by subterfuges too 
numerous to mention we have maintained our secret stronghold in the 
midst of the male dominated world. It takes trickery and well placed 
bribes and the slave dungeon holds more than a few who became too 
curious for their own good. Otherwise the ranks of slaves consist of 
farm boys who mysteriously disappear, unwary tourists such as yourself 
and the occasional singles bar stud wannabe who gets an offer he can't 
refuse just before the mickey goes into his drink."

"You have seen the eunuchs who perform forced labor. They, as you know, 
are slaves who have outlived their usefulness for whatever reason. 
Sometimes it is general substandard service, other times a particular 
offence or failure that angers a mistress. Alan, whose castration you 
witnessed, had simply been in the dungeon too long, about six years as 
I recall, and we were tired of him. Word went out to the "construction 
crew" to set the trap. Inevitably a victim will happen by and here you 
are."

"In the early days slaves were castrated almost immediately upon 
capture. It was at first believed that the docility that castration 
brings would make for enjoyable slaves. But the results of this were 
unsatisfying. The slaves were docile enough but lacked something. It 
was Ursula the Cruel, first Mistress of Discipline and my great 
grandmother, who first experimented with the training of uncastrated 
slaves. She found that these slaves could not only be tamed but could 
be made into pleasingly pathetic creatures who would submit with 
eagerness to the most vile indignities and who would serve the 
pleasures of women with adoring enthusiasm. A combination of total 
domination, pain, terror and finally, the pleasure of the dildo, can 
subvert the lustful urges that arise in the testicles and produce a 
grovelling creature who longs for any degradation his mistress might 
wish to inflict. These slaves can give hours of pleasure and dozens of 
orgasms. These, according to the goddess, are the birthright of all 
women. Women are endowed with the capacity for almost unlimited 
pleasure and in a properly ordered world such as we have created it is 
possible for them to realize their potential."

"If you need proof of this just look at the bodies of the two sexes. 
The hand of the Goddess is clear in their conception. Look at my body. 
It is all graceful curves and my sexuality is infused throughout it. I 
feel my orgasms from head to toe and I am still, after so many years, 
expanding the horizons of my ecstasies. There seems to be no limit to 
how much pleasure I can experience if only I persist in my relentless 
domination of the male. And yet I can control my urges in a way no man 
can ever hope to. I have my pleasure when I want it and the way I want 
it."

"Now think of your body. It is a square and graceless thing with those 
disgusting, dangling protuberances between the legs. You sexuality is 
centered there and the meagre twinges of half pleasure you call orgasms 
are felt only in that region. Given your way you rut upon a woman for a 
few seconds until, with a few swinish grunts you deposit your load of 
white filth inside her, leaving her soiled and frustrated. Then sex is 
"over" and you might fall asleep or go watch sports. You wonder at your 
"partner's" tendency to be reluctant. And yet you would risk almost 
anything for those few paltry spurts. It is your balls that make you 
long so mindlessly to stick your filthy penis into a woman's sacred 
body. In this world a man whose member enters a woman's body pays for 
the privilege with his balls."

"The final and incontrovertible evidence of the grand design lies 
here," she said as she grabbed his scrotum and squeezed it painfully 
until he felt his balls might pop out. "Only divine inspiration could 
cause these prime movers of your lust to be left dangling in this 
little sack where one little snip of a shears or a knife stroke can 
excise them if a woman finds it necessary or pleasing to do so. And the 
fact that the goddess made you treasure them so closes my case 
unquestionably. You have submitted already to unthinkable degradations 
only to save them."

"Now it is time to give your precious protuberances some well deserved 
attention. This will perhaps serve to motivate you to serve with the 
perfection necessary to allow you to keep them-for awhile."

Tara brought a small, high round table over to a spot near where Bob 
hung. On it were numerous objects Bob could not identify but most 
seemed to be made of gleaming metal and to be sharp. A large red candle 
in a brass holder also stood burning upon the table. A deep pool of wax 
had developed in a depression at the top. 

Viper turned her back on Bob and looked over the items on the table as 
if in doubt where to begin. Then without warning she whirled around 
with a small whip she had hidden in her boot and struck Bob's glans 
with a sharp and wicked stroke. Agony lanced through him and he 
screamed. Viper and Tara chuckled cruelly. 

Then Viper approached him holding what he recognized as an electric 
prod. She extended it toward his genitals, grinning wickedly as he 
tried futilely to evade it. She made mock thrusts with it to make him 
flinch and whimper. Then, with finality, she poked it against the end 
of his cock. The pulsing jolts made him lurch and writhe as sobs were 
wrung from him. Then she touched it to the shaft just below the ball 
and let the current run up his ass. Finally she pressed it against his 
balls and held it there until he blubbered for mercy, reduced to a 
pathetic and craven wreck.

When she was satisfied she removed it and let him hang there awhile 
whimpering and moaning. When his pain subsided and his eyes cleared he 
saw her approaching him with a thin steel skewer. He could see it was 
covered with tiny round bumps. She took his cock in her hand and 
stretched it out as far as it would go then slid the skewer deep into 
the hole in the end of it until it reached the point where his cock 
connected to his body. He felt an itching, burning agony that drove him 
to the brink of madness, making him squirm against his restraints in 
grotesque contortions as he tried to somehow escape it. Viper just 
stepped back and let the probe do its work for awhile. Then she 
squeezed his cock hard in her hand, grinding the bumps on the probe 
against the tender tissues of his urethra and doubling his suffering. 
She continued until he broke again and passed into a state of gibbering 
idiocy, temporarily losing his mind to ease his suffering. Then she 
withdrew the probe with a sharp tug that got one final scream out of 
him and let him hang there again until he regained his senses. 

"I pity you the next time you piss" she said. "But let's move on. We 
have much left to do."

With that she picked up a thin needle set into a small wooden handle. 
She held it in the flame of the candle until it glowed red. She took 
the tip of Bob's cock between thumb and forefinger and lifted it 
upright. Then she quickly touched the red hot needle to the tender, 
sensitive spot on the underside of his penis just below the glans. The 
point of the needle was tiny but the searing agony it produced was 
huge. He shrieked and squirmed madly in his bonds and his body 
shuddered. Viper withdrew the needle, reheated it and found another 
sensitive spot lower down on his shaft where she repeated the 
performance. Four more times she burned him until he escaped, babbling 
dementedly, into unconsciousness. 

When he revived she finished his ordeal by taking the candle and 
dumping the accumulated melting wax in a red cataract over his 
genitals. The wax burned just hot enough to produce maximum agony 
without doing real damage. His cock and balls were encased in consuming 
pain and he was allowed to hang there and suffer until it congealed 
into a solid mass. Then Viper proceeded to tear it loose in chunks, 
ripping out whatever strands and patches of hair had happened to be 
engulfed.

The women looked at each other and nodded, apparently satisfied that he 
was sufficiently broken. He was hoisted free of the shaft, lowered to 
the floor and unshackled. They didn't bother attaching the weight this 
time largely because the torture had excited them so they could spare 
no time waiting to be serviced. 

Viper courteously invited her young cohort to be first and Tara took 
her seat. Bob' face was between her thighs almost before she settled 
in. She was rampantly aroused and oozed thick syrup. No preliminaries 
were needed. He went right to her clit and found it at hair trigger. 
Her splendid muscles were wound tight as viola strings and she locked 
her powerful thighs around his head in a savage grip. Half a minute of 
Bob's ministrations caused her to enter an orgasmic paradise. A deep 
climax rocked her world but she kept her thighs clamped tight and 
thrust her hips against Bob's mouth demanding more. He plied his tongue 
upon her, but gently now, caressing her clit with a tender reverence as 
orgasm followed orgasm. She simply lay there savoring each orgasm as it 
came and went. There seemed to be no end to them. Bob did his duty 
faithfully, keeping his tongue on her and keeping the climaxes coming, 
slurping up the gushes of her cum and feeling a heady intoxication. He 
felt a blissful happiness at pleasing his goddess so and felt willing 
to continue like this forever if it could be so.

But at last it ended with one final deep moan from Tara. She went limp 
and would have slid to the floor if Bob had not held her up by putting 
his shoulders under her thighs. He remained there motionless with his 
face pressed deep into her bush, allowing her to take her time 
recovering from the delightful cataclysm that had rocked her. 

At last she took a deep breath and shoved him away. He knelt there 
looking up at her as she rose from the chair with a radiant smile on 
her face. Her body seemed to glow and her movements had a creamy, 
silken quality of utter contentment and satisfaction.

"I think he finally gets it," she said to Viper.




Part Five

Viper had watched Tara's pleasuring patiently, contenting herself with 
fondling her pussy as she waited for her to finish. She was mad with 
desire but could not begrudge her young student first pleasure with the 
new slave. She felt an almost motherly bond to the precocious young 
amazon. 

Tara had been recruited by a woman of the community who was a professor 
at the university in the nearby city. She had been date raped by a 
college football player who had used his connections among the alumni 
to get off scot free. The professor had soothed her wounded pride and 
invited her to visit the village. Tara had a fiery temperament and was 
filled with a healthy rage against the male of the species. She had 
been taken to the dungeon and given a slave, one who resembled her 
attacker, to do with what she would. Viper had stayed in the chamber to 
observe matters and assist her if need be.

But Tara needed no help whatsoever. She unleashed her fury upon the 
hapless slave and used him with an inventive cruelty that impressed 
Viper deeply. After three hours and orgasms uncounted Tara finally 
collapsed in a contented heap straddling the slave's face and weeping 
with joy.

Tara had made the village her home from then on. She had taken eagerly 
to being a jailer and was feared above all the others by the slaves. 
Tara had been a star athlete at the university in swimming and track so 
she was lithe and muscular as a young she-panther to begin with. She 
had taken to body building and working out almost compulsively when she 
started her new life and became a truly fearsome specimen who was able 
to subdue any man she had yet encountered. She had driven into the city 
one evening and had brought back her rapist, bound and gagged in the 
trunk of the car. He had spent his day in the square and was now a 
slave in the dungeon. Viper had promised Tara the right to castrate him 
when the time came and Tara used him every day, taking pains to remind 
him how one day she would take his balls.

Viper had watched her progress with approval and when the time came to 
train another to succeed her as Mistress of Discipline Tara was the 
only one she considered. The two had become inseparable. 

Viper looked with pride upon her young protege as she rose from her 
throne all aglow with pure satisfaction. She smiled fondly at her and 
then pierced Bob with a stern look, snapped her fingers and pointed at 
her crotch. She was most gratified with the way he buried his face deep 
in the lush hair of her loins and found her clit with his tongue, 
bringing an immediate rush of delight to her aroused body. She let the 
pleasure sweep her along until she took flight in a celestial state of 
orgasmic bliss. She closed her eyes as her body became a pulsing, 
tingling blob of pleasure, one orgasm passed into the next seamlessly 
and relentlessly until she lost all memory of any state other than 
this. She allowed herself to float aloft until a great throbbing surge 
of purest ecstasy purged her of all feeling save a warm and glowing 
contentment. Opening her eyes she saw Tara beaming at her. She smiled 
back rapturously and lay for a few minutes enjoying.

At length she shoved Bob away without even glancing at him.

"Yes indeed I believe he does get it," she said. "At least this part 
anyway."

"I've saved a surprise for you Tara," Viper continued. "Do you remember 
our visit with the gynecologist and the electronics engineer a few 
months ago? I said we were being fitted for new dildos? Well they're 
ready to be tested!"

"Yes!" shouted Tara, pumping her fist in the air.

Viper pointed to the wall of the chamber where the dildo collection was 
hung and spoke imperiously to Bob. "Fetch the two dildos with the red 
straps!"

Bob crawled over and took down the two dildos and fetched them back to 
Viper.. She looked at them briefly, then handed one to Tara.

"This one is yours dear. Your initials are there under the tip."

The dildos looked similar to the others Bob had seen, having the same 
size and the shaft meant for insertion into the vagina but they looked 
different between the bases of the two shafts. The two women strapped 
on the phalluses and both commented favorably on the comfort of the 
fit.

Bob knelt there with his heart pounding in mingled fear and 
anticipation. The sight of these two goddesses with their dildos 
bobbing before them ready to ravage him without mercy with their new 
devices made his cock stiffen to steel and his balls ache.

"Many brilliant women are among our citizenry," Viper said to Bob. "Two 
of them collaborated in the development of these. Although our dildos 
are pleasurable toys they are still numb and insensate things. It is 
fun to watch a slave humiliate himself by fellating a false penis a 
woman has strapped on but it would be so much more enjoyable to 
actually feel it. It is our hope these dildos will make that possible. 
They are designed with tiny sensors the length of the shaft that 
transmit tactile sensations to tiny vibrators aligned with the most 
sensitive tissues in the vulva and vagina. Customization to the woman's 
body is needed here to locate her most sensitive spots. The part of the 
dildo from the clit backward and up the vagina must be custom formed to 
the owner's body. Stimulation of the glans of the dildo should be felt 
in the clitoris, while stimuli following down the shaft will be felt 
along the labia and finally up the vagina by way of the inserted shaft. 
The goal is to create a virtual penis that will closely mimic the 
sensations of fucking or being sucked. But enough talk! Tara seems 
quite impatient to test her new toy and I must say I echo her feeling."

She waved her hand to offer first chance to Tara, who stepped toward 
Bob with the dildo jutting forward obscenely. She reached back to 
switch it on, but showed no reaction. But when Bob's lips closed around 
the shaft she let out a gasp of pleasant surprise and threw her head 
back, shaking it from side to side. Bob began to suck her cock in his 
best imitation of a slut and she grabbed his head and began to control 
his movements, directing him as to how to slide his lips and tongue 
over the shaft in the most pleasing way.

"I feel it!" she cried. "My God it's incredible!"

She prodded to the back of his throat and he relaxed for her, letting 
the dildo slide home. Then she withdrew as he closed his lips down 
tight around it while running the tip of his tongue up the underside 
where he knew just such a lick would drive him wild. The pleasure was 
so intense it was almost torture to her. She worked the dildo back and 
forth in long, deep strokes and Bob did his work to perfection, the 
perfect suck slut lavishing delight upon the cock of his mistress. She 
came in a sudden shuddering rush that consumed her whole body. Then she 
backed away dizzily, motioning to Viper to take her turn.

Viper wasted no time. She poked the dildo in his face and he opened 
eagerly for her, wildly excited himself by his newfound power to 
please. He leaned forward and took it full down the throat on her first 
thrust, sending waves of maddening delight to the extremities of her 
cunt. She backed out and directed him to lick the shaft all over as her 
breath hissed between clenched teeth. She made him take the mock balls 
in his mouth and when he ran his tongue over them she grabbed his ears 
and held him there, enjoying the throbbing sensation at the opening of 
her vagina. Her wish was to experiment with her new toy and test its 
ultimate capabilities but she soon lost all control and sought orgasm 
urgently. A quick, hard throat fucking set her off volcanically.

Viper and Tara looked at each other grinning broadly and exchanged a 
rowdy high-five.

"This is beyond my wildest hopes!" Viper gushed. "I got a blowjob! A 
real blowjob! I can't wait to fuck him!"

Tara produced a golden coin from inside her boot. "Flip you for him, " 
she said. "Heads or tails?"

"Tails," said Viper and Tara flipped the coin and let it land on the 
floor. Tails it was and the meaning soon became clear. Tara forced Bob 
to his hands and knees and Viper dropped behind him to give him the 
shaft while Tara knelt in front of him and poked her dildo at his 
mouth.

They entered him simultaneously, each plunging her false member to the 
hilt. The tight grip of his sphincter on Viper's shaft as she drew it 
back and forth drove her mad. Tara got no less from her own end and the 
two women raced to the first orgasm with Viper winning by half a 
thrust. They giggled wickedly and switched ends, taking Bob hard again 
and revelling in the thrill of their wondrous new toys. They swapped 
ends several more times, reaming him hard until he came in a copious 
creamy flood. At last they collapsed over his back from each end, 
delightfully exhausted. 

"Every woman in town must have one of these," said Viper and Tara 
nodded her agreement.

The women reluctantly unstrapped and made Bob hang the dildos back on 
the wall and then made him lick up his mess.

One last parting humiliation ended the day's training. Bob was shoved 
to his back and each woman took her turn squatting over him, emptying 
her bowels into his mouth. His experience with the sergeant had 
prepared him for this and he performed perfectly. If anything, the 
taste of their feces was pleasingly exciting to him.

Viper told him to expect this as the end of many sessions. A satisfied 
woman often felt nature's call and the act of toilet service lent a 
pleasing final touch of total dominance to a pleasure session.

The following six days were much like the first except Bob endured less 
torture as he honed his skills to perfection. All memory of his former 
life seemed to have faded and he learned to immerse himself in the 
moment and attune his entire being to the pleasure of the woman he was 
servicing. At the end of the week Viper pronounced him ready.

The cell door opened on his first day as a dungeon slave and two 
jailers rousted him brusquely from his bed, fed him and led him 
groveling down the corridor to be cleaned and groomed.

When ready he crawled at heel beside them, then carried his ball weight 
down the long stairway to the deepest dungeon. They entered a corridor 
where low doors, just high enough to crawl through, were lined up at 
intervals along the wall. He was led to one of the doors. A jailer 
tugged a rope and the door slid up. Inside was a dimly lit chamber with 
stone walls and floor. A kick from the jailer urged him to crawl 
through. He entered the chamber and there waiting for him was the tall, 
dark haired woman from the town bank. 

She wore a classic ensemble of black lace lingerie: stockings, garters 
and a brief corset that exposed and lifted her breasts. Her loins were 
boldly naked. Black stiletto pumps were on her feet and she held a 
short, thick whip in one hand.

The room was equipped with numerous devices of confinement including a 
pillory of a sort with which Bob was all too familiar. She stepped over 
to the pillory and simply glared at him. Bob hastened abjectly to 
comply with her unspoken command, dragging his weight along the floor 
and risking his balls in his rush to please. He placed his neck in the 
stock and she clamped him in and adjusted the height to her 
satisfaction.

Lowering herself to hands and knees she spread her shapely cheeks wide 
and backed toward him. Her anus was a tight vortex with a triangle of 
brownish skin surrounding it. The hair of her loins grew up and around 
it in a soft, furry rim and it puckered and twitched as it closed in 
upon him.

Bob just closed his eyes and extended his tongue to taste her. As she 
pressed him backward against the stocks he answered her pressure with 
his own and his tongue slid deep. Her groan of pleasure filled him with 
adoring rapture. He lived only for this moment and all others like it. 
That he was a naked, groveling slave in hopeless captivity didn't 
matter. That he was a human toilet didn't matter. That one day, 
inevitably, the cruel knife would take his balls didn't matter. All 
that mattered was that his goddess of the hour was clenching her anus 
upon his tongue and moaning her enjoyment as she made her way to the 
sweet release of her next orgasm.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Felix(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





