BDSM Library - A Mother's Gamble




A Mother's Gamble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a sequel to GAMBLE. After the horrific experiences with the gang, the lives of mother and son were changed forever. When the young mother consented to be his own son's slut slave, it was a dream came true for the fifteen-year-old boy. The theme of this story is very similar to SEX SLAVE MOTHER.
A MOTHER'S GAMBLE (A Sequel to Gamble)

By KING

Author's Notes: I loved the story Gamble by Scorpio so much I had to add
something to the ending as well as expand the storyline. Please read Gamble, the
prequel to this story first before you proceed to A Mother's Gamble. I would
also like to remind readers at this point that this story is just a fiction, a
pure fantasy. If anyone thinks the plot is 'laughable', let me just point out
that the storylines in most of the stories at this site are highly improbable,
some are even ridicules too. Just let your imaginations run wild, than you
wouldn't have problems with any scenario. If you find the subject matter too
offensive, please don't read any further. Furthermore, if you deem my writings
and the usage of the English language are not up to your standards please stop
and go on to the next story, or better yet, write your own master piece and let
others to critic it! Almost everyone appreciates constructive criticisms and
comments, however, any scathing attack or sarcastic remarks are absolutely
uncalled for, it only reflects poorly on those who made them, and therefore
reveals their own ignorance and inadequacies! Finally, all I want to say is
please don't over-look the time and the tremendous effort that each author had
put in to write the stories.




Continues from "GAMBLE" by Scorpio.

"You still want me?" I breathed.

"More than ever Mom." He smiled, "I love you as my mother, I love even more now
that I have seen how much you love me, seen what lengths you would go to protect
me! And I love you as a woman, a beautiful woman. If you'd let me I'd like to
try to help you keep this hunger, as you call it, under control."

"Bob," I whispered, "Could you cope with the perverted things I will no doubt
ask you to do to me? Could you still love me then?"

"Perverted things?" He mused, "Like tying you up? Like beating you? Like fucking
you so hard you faint?"

"Yes," I sighed sorrowfully, "and worse, like treating me like shit, like a slut
slave?"

"Oh shit!" He groaned, "You would want that? Truly?"

"I think so." I replied lowering my head in shame at his expression of shock.

"Mom," he suddenly laughed, then said firmly, "go to your room, strip off
everything .Put on your sexiest garter belt and stockings then slip on a pair of
highest heels you owned. Oh...Mom, and don't forget to bring me your dog collar
and leash then get back here pronto and assume the position in front of me ...
bitch!"

Even before he had finished speaking I was groaning in climax. As soon as I felt
that my legs would support me I rushed to my room. With eager fingers I threw
off all my clothes, put on a lacy white garter belt and  pair of sheer black
stockings and the six-inch stiletto heels. I grab the dog collar and dog leash
on me way out. As I rushed back to my son as fast as I could on such high heels
and I felt another climax washed over me. When I got back to the living room I
found my son sitting naked on the couch, his enormous prick was reaching towards
his chest in erection. Without hesitation I approached the couch and dropped to
my knees in front of my son and humbly offered my collar and dog leash to him.

-------------------------------------------------
                               


A Mother's Gamble



Chapter One: The initiation of a Sex Slave Mommy


I kneed meekly in front of my 15-year-old son with hands behind my back in a
submissive posture. I was visibly trembling with nervous anticipation. Bob
looked down at my scantily clad sexy body with both love and lust in his eyes.

"Mom, you were a vision when you walked up to me, so graceful yet sinfully
erotic, a sex goddess and a sluttish whore roll into one! I just love you in
this outfit. I think from now on you're going to dress like this or in a sexy
French maid uniform without the underwear, otherwise you'll be totally naked
while in the house. We will get you a whole new sexy wardrobe and I'll pick and
choose everything you wear from now on! And by the way, Mother, I don't want you
to wear any underwear when we go out anymore! I would find you infinitely more
alluring when I knew that you're totally naked under you clothes in public
places." Bob declared firmly.

"Whatever you say Bob." I agreed readily with elation and felt my cunt getting
moist.

Bob picked up my dog collar then looked directly into my blue eyes intensely and
said solemnly.

"Mom, is this really what you want? There is no going back once I put this
around your neck."

"Oh yes! I want to be your slut slave more than anything in in the world, my
daring son!" I said tremblingly with raw emotion.

I even felt a little dampness in my eyes. I knew this was the defining moment
for both of us-mother and son. Life will never be the same from now on, only
better! Just after my son tightened the dog collar around my neck and attached
the dog leash to it, I was over come by a particular strong orgasm. I screamed
out loud and my whole body was shaking by uncontrollable spasms. Profuse amount
of cunt juices was sprouting out of my vagina and running down my shapely inner
thighs. Even after my orgasm subsided for a while, my vaginal entrance was still
filled with creamy juices slowly trickling out continuously down my inner
thighs. Large pearly drops of my cum cream were dripping off the ends of my
totally matted and pussy juice soaked blonde pubic hairs.

"Wow, mother, I see that you really love to be collared and dog leashed, like a
doggy bitch don't you?" Bob asked me while looked down on my cum dripping pussy.

My face turned beet-red, and I bowed my head in deep shame. The amazement in my
young son's voice made me even more embarrassed for cumming like a bitch in
heat. But deep down in my heart, I knew this was to be my destiny-to serve my
own fitteen-year-old son, to be his sex slave.

"Lift you head Mom, I want to see how you look with the dog collar!" Bob pulled
on my dog leash and commanded,

I complied immediately. After a lengthy inspection from different angles, Bob
pronounced his assessments.

"Mother, the dog collar is very becoming on you. You have a long and graceful
neck; it's made to wear a dog collar. Mom, from this moment on, I proclaim that
you're my sex slave! I'm you're master, and I own you now!" After a poignant
pause, Bob stated,

"As your master, I command you to wear a dog collar at all times! I'll have to
replace this old leather dog collar with a new one that could go under a shower
so there will be no need for you ever to take it off. I think it would be a
little wider, and of course a much more fashionable and stylish than this one.
Yes, a custom-design one that's made out of dazzling silvery platinum. It could
be closed with a lock, and fashion to resemble a choker so that when we go out,
you won't attract too much outraged and unwarranted attentions. I might as well
get you a dog tag to go with the new dog collar. On second thought, not quite a
dog tag, but something refined for a beautiful classy slut like you Mom. Yes, a
gold pendant in the shape of a dog tag to hang from the front of the dog collar
and down to the lovely hollow of your slender neck, mom." Bob declared with
satisfaction.

While Bob was talking, I got more and more excited and turned on, and more cunt
juice was leaking out of my pussy.

"I'll engrave your name on one side of the pendant and my name on the other
side. Wait, to be more specific, since the pendant symbolizes a dog tag and will
be hanging from your dog collar, mother don't you think it would be more
appropriate to add in smaller letters, the words: 'pet's name' in front of your
name and 'owner's name' in front of mine?" Without waiting for a confirmation
answer from me, Bob jokingly added,

"Hey, I might even want to have our phone number put on your dog tag in case you
got lost!" Bob laughed at his own humor and then said seriously,

"I only wish it's possible for me to take you to a public place like the mall or
a restaurant on a dog leash, Mother, so that everybody will know that you're me
pet, my sex slave!" Bob pulled on my dog leash slightly as if to lead me to
somewhere public.

I knew all this talk of gold pendant and custom-designed dog-collar made out of
platinum was just all part of my son's pretenses, where were we going to get the
money anyway?  However, the inscriptions that my son wanted to engraved onto the
new pendant that I'll wear dangling from my brand new sparkling dog collar will
leave no doubt on anyone's mind after they read it, that my young son was my
master, my owner. If there were no grave consequences, I too wish my son could
parade me in public places by leading me on a leash attached to my dog collar
thus proclaiming his ownership of me to the whole world! The very thought that
my young son intended to turn his own mother at least symbolically into his pet
dog put me over the edge! Before Bob even finished what he was saying, I
screamed out in rapture and ecstasy as waves of orgasms hit my extreme
emotionally stimulated body. Large amount of sticky aromatic feminine cum juices
were oozing out of my pussy.

"Oh, my God, yes, yessss. . . " I cried out in the throttle of orgasmic high.

"Mom, you just cum like a sluttish whore! I see that you loved my ideas about
your dog tag . Now, look me in the eyes, mother." Bob commanded while pulling on
my dog leash with a strong tug to bring my head up.

I looked at my son worshipfully with both motherly love and lust.

"Mom, you're my sex slave! You belong to me, and I own your lovely sexy body!
So, from now on I want you to address me as your master." Bob stated vehemently. 

I was shaking uncontrollably once again by multiple orgasm. My crotch area was
soaking wet with pussy juices as more and more of my feminine cum juices
secreted from my inner most vaginal walls. Just like me, the experience with the
gang has changed my son from a sweet boy to a strong boy-man, my man! I believed
his was a latent dominant and he wanted to dominate his own mother!  Oh yes, I
wanted to submit and owned by my 15-year-old son too! My heart was bursting with
joy. I looked up at my handsome son with submissive blue eyes and answered him
eagerly and respectfully.

"Yes, my master, I'm you're sex slave, you're my owner. You own me, body and
soul. I'll call you 'my master' every time I address you, my darling son, my
master." I declared proudly.

"Mom, you're also my pet now, my very own doggy bitch aren't you my dear
mother?" Bob asked possessively while tugging on my dog leash strongly as if to
stress the point and to demonstrate that I was indeed a collared and leashed
doggy, and he, the owner of the doggy.


"Yes my master, I'm your pet, you're my owner. I'm your doggy bitch slut from
this moment on. You can do whatever you want to me and whatever you want with
me." I declared whole heartily and a surge of joy tingling throughout my body.


"Anything I want, Mom?" Bob arched his eyebrow and asked me in a teasing voice.

"Of course, my master! I'm yours to command. You can tie my up and beat me till
I bleed. You can make me into prostitute or even sell me if you really wanted
to!"

I kneed in front of my son with head bowed low and answered in a soft voice like
any other true submissive slave girl of bygone era. Not that I wanted to be sold
or even become a prostitute, but it sounded so good and humble, like a truly
devoted slave would say. However, the beating and bleeding part was all true. I
have this strong desire to be tied up and beaten, I even craved pain now! I
didn't know this was resulting from the experience I have just gone through in
addition to the mind alternating drugs, or may be this masochist trait and
submissive personality was always there laid dormant within me, just waiting to
be brought out in the open. It must have been providence, and I was so grateful
to the fact that it was my own beloved son who made it all happen!

"Mother, you belong to me and no one else, you are mine forever! Understood Mom.
Well, may be I will sell you when you're old and ugly. . . Just kidding my
darling Mom, you'll always be beautiful to me! You have turned into such a
slutty bitch, you probably really want you own son to be your pimp, aren't you
Mom?"

I was shaking my head from side to side emphatically in repudiation.

"Honey, I don't want to have sex with other men. I only want you, my son, my
master." And to emphasize my point I added, "Only you satisfy me completely my
love, you're better than Don and his gang combined, my master!"

Addressing my own son as my master came so natural to me, it just seemed I was
born to be his slave! And every time I said the words 'my master' to my son, I
felt a tingling thrill down my spine!

"That's reassuring mother, however you have such strong sex drive now, I'm
afraid you may not be able to help yourself. Just to be on the save side, I will
just have to think of something to prevent you from going astray short of
locking you up and throw away the keys!"

Before I tried to say something in defense of my fidelity and loyalty to him in
spite of my wantonness and sluttish behavior, Bob continued.

"Mom, I love you very very much, especially after what you went through for me
with Don and his gang. I could never repaid you enough for what you did, but I
promise you I'll try my very best to make you happy. I'm going to take real good
care of you for the rest of our lives." Bob promised me earnestly.

Even though I was so overwhelmed with emotion and love for my beloved son, and
tears of joy were brimming over my eyes and falling down my cheeks, I couldn't
help but concerned that my son would treat me too gently in the future. That was
not what I wanted at all, I wanted to be treated like shit-yes, beaten like a
slut slave!

"I love you too sweetheart, with all my heart. I hope that doesn't meant you
don't want to beat you slave mother up anymore, my son, my master?" I asked in a
worried tone. Bob laughed out loud and said,

"Mother, I do believe you are not only a slut but also become a perverted pain
slave now! Oh yes, you're going to get what you asked for! I'll enjoy immensely
whipping your luscious creamy soft asscheeks, shapely white thighs and smooth
backside, or even your large but deliciously  squeezable firm breasts and your
succulent pussy lips with a whip or a cane until they're crisp cross with whip
marks and pink welts. How would you like that Mom?" Bob asked me sardonically
with a wicked grin on his angelic face.

I couldn't wait any longer; I needed my son to beat me up harshly. My perverted
mind and body desired pain and torture now!

"Oh God! Yes, my son, my master, please whip your slave mother now!" I implored
my son urgently.

"Patience Mother! Patience, it will all be in good time. I still have lots of
things to tell you. Mom, you were a loving but a very strict parent, now our
role has been reversed and I'll be equally if not more strict with you, my sweet
gorgeous mother, my sex slave! Even though I love you very much, I'll be a
strong disciplinarian, and you'll be punished no matter you deserved or not. It
will be entirely depended on my whim. I want you to know that although I'll beat
you often and sometimes quite severely, I think just the way you like it,
however, I'll never cause any permanent damage to your body. Furthermore, I'll
never go beyond your pain tolerance! Mother, you're my property, my sex toy. I
own your voluptuous sexy body from the top of your blonde head to the bottom of
your pretty little feet. So you see, my darling Mom, there's not a chance that I
would dare risk even a little scaring on your perfect alabaster silky smooth
skin! However, I do think your luscious creamy derriere will be even sexier and
more adorable when turn all pink and red after a thoroughly spanking! Yes, I
would like to keep your creamy asscheeks in a constant state of rosy-red color.
Well, mother, how would you like to be spanked by your own son every day from
now on?" Bob was grinning wickedly at me.     

"Oh yes, my son, please spank you're slave mother now. Pretty please, my
master." I was pleading with my son to spank me with puppy dog eyes. My
breathing becoming a bit more labored and my senses were heightened with
anticipation.

I knew my son was tormenting me with promises of beating and spanking on
purpose, he had seen that I was in a constant state of sexual arousal. But I was
so desperate in need of a genuine physically induced orgasm. I only hoped my son
would take pity on me by punishing and hurting me!

"Later Mom, but don't worry, before the day's out I promise your unblemished
lily white ass will become furiously red with half a dozen or more whip marks
that will turn into painful welts and lacerations, so that you won't be able to
sit on your ass for days! Right now, Mom I'm more interest in your soft, and oh
so squeezable creamy breasts. "

My whole body quivering and tingling with delight when I heard my son was going
to whip my ass later. I leaned my chest forward proudly for my son's appraisal.
I had to admit that my 36 D-cup breasts were one of my best features. Each tit
of my creamy white mounds was caped with a large hard dusky-pink nipple surround
by a sliver dollar size puffy delicately hued, pink-colored aureole. In spite of
their sizes, my breasts were quite firm and thrust way out from my chest without
a hint of sagging!

I shivered pleasurably the minute my son cupped my sensitive breasts in both of
his hands. My large breasts were generously overflowing in his hands. At first
Bob was just caressing my creamy soft breasts tenderly, he massaged and kneaded
them softly. It felt so good I started to moan and groan with desire. Then Bob
started to squeeze my firm globes gently at first, slowly but surely Bob
increased the strength and squeezing my tender mounds harder and harder. The
soft pliant fleshy tissues of my breasts were squashed like sponges almost to
the point of being ruptured, and I realized that both of my flawless creamy
breasts would be bruised for days. I cried out with pain and pleasure as my body
rocked by non-stop orgasms. Bob released one of my breasts, and use both of his
hands to encircle the base of the other breast and started to constrict and
tighten his grip more and more. The encircled breast seemed to inflate into a
small reddish balloon in grave danger of being burst into million pieces
anytime! My erect pinkish enlarged blood-fill nipple popped up from the top of
my tormented breast like a sore thumb!  Blood circulation to the breast was
drastically reduced and my poor breast mound and my large and elongated nipple
turned from deep red to purplish color. The breast started to go tingly and numb
but my son continued to torture my breast this way until I squealed out and my
body was convulsing by waves of orgasm induced by the sharp needle-like stabbing
pain in my breast.

"More please, my master." I begged audaciously, I was insatiable, I wanted my
son to squeeze and hurt this breast even more, and tit torture for my other
breast too. Yes, I craved more pain!

"Enough for your breasts now mother, next time I'll use ropes to bind both of
your breasts tightly, and you will suffer more and a lot longer too. I might
even hang you up by your breasts! And if that's not enough pain for you, Mom, my
pain slut slave, I could even stick needles deep into your breasts and make pin
cushions out of them. Right now, let's focus on your delectable pink nipples. I
have great plans for these pair of  perky little darlings, and I think you'll
love them too, Mom." Bob promised.

With thumb and forefinger of each hand Bob griped each of my erect pink nipples
and pinched them real hard. I cried out with pain and pleasure; my cunt leaked
out more juices of my climax. When my son started to squeeze and crush my
blood-fill rock hard nipples to the point of almost flatten them, I screamed out
loudly in more pain and pleasure. I only got a momentary reprieve when Bob
relaxed his grip on my abused nipples, but almost immediately Bob started to
pull hard on my painfully tender nipples. My elongated pink erect nipples
stretch longer and longer to an impossible length, almost to the point that I
felt my poor nipples were about to be ripped from my breasts by the roots. The
excruciating pain was almost to the point of unbearable when suddenly Bob
released them. My poor torturous nipples became half an inch long blood engorged
erect nodules after snapped back on top of my undulating breasts. My eyes were
brimming with tears and I shrieked in pain and pleasure; I lost count the
numbers of orgasm I experienced, and it almost seemed that my pussy juices were
pouring out of my vaginal opening by the gallon.

My loving son has turned into a very strict disciplinarian just like he said he
would; he was fast becoming a real sadist, and I loved it!

"Mom, just as you elegant long neck is made for a dog collar; the size and
length of your nipples are perfect for piercing and rings! A couple of gold
rings in each of your nipples will be perfect compliment for your dog collar and
dog leash. They are symbols of your enslavement." Bob commented while stroking
my throbbing tender enlarged nipples as if to soothe the pain from over
stretching.

"You want to pierce my nipples, my master?"  I asked in amazement.

I was really surprised that my son wanted to pierce and ring my nipples.
However, I didn't feel any revulsion or distaste to be pierced and ringed,
instead I wondered how my nipples would look pierced and sporting gold rings.
Where did he get such ideas? I felt a weird sensation shivering down my spine
followed by spasms that were centered on my loins resulting in a strong orgasm.


"Not just your nipples Mom, I want to pierce and ring your pussy lips too."  Bob
said calmly then casually reach between my soaking wet thighs.

"Oh my God, It's like a lake down here!" Bob exclaimed.

I was so embarrassed it seemed my entire body was flushing  with color. When Bob
started to caresses my puffy outer pussy lips, my groin began to undulate and
spill out more juices from my vaginal opening right onto my son's hand. In the
midst of my orgasms, I had totally overlooked that my teenaged son just told me
that he wanted to pierce and ring his own mother's pussy.

"Wow, you're such a slutty bitch Mom! I see that you not only cum in a drop of
the hat but also cum in buckets too."

Bob brought his cum covered hand by his nose; after he took a deep breath to
take in the heady aroma into his nostrils, he began to lick his hand clean of my
pussy juice.

"Not only smells divine but taste delicious too! Nectar for the Gods." Bob
praised.

I was both embarrassed and proud at the same time that my son found my vaginal
secretions so appetizing. Bob stuck at first two fingers and then added another
into my dripping vaginal tunnel and scooped out a generous amount of my cunt
cream. He brought his Cum laden fingers over his wide open mouth and let my
aromatic feminine juices dripped down his throat. Once the juice was gone, he
scooped out more from the source.  After a few more times of this back and forth
actions, temperately satisfied, he smacked his lips in appreciation.

"Mmm. . . Mmmm. . . Good! Here Mom, have a taste of your own yummy pussy juice."

Bob scooped out more juice from my vagina and let it dripped into my mouth. Oh
yes, it's really was quite delicious no wonder my son loved it so much.

"Thank you my master." After I licked his fingers clean, I thanked my son for
feeding me my own scrumptious pussy cream.

Watching my own son drinking my pussy juices and the sweet aromatic taste of my
own cunt juice in my mouth really turned me on. The stimulation of his fingers
in my sensitive vaginal tunnel put me in a state of constant excitation. My
pussy kept producing more and more juices. At first it was just a trickle and
quickly turned into a steady stream pouring out of my vaginal opening.

When Bob noticed the mass I was making, he quickly stuck his whole face between
my thighs. He practically glued his mouth onto my pussy opening and started
sucking and swallowing. I saw the way his throat worked, and I knew his must
have ingesting a great quantities of my pussy juices! But more juices my son
sucked out from my cunt, the more juices were being produced deep inside my
vaginal cavities. It's like an unrelenting circle. Finally my son had his fill
and couldn't gulp down any more; he lifted his cunt juice covered face with a
sight of relief. He snatched his discarded brief from the couch; first he mopped
his face clean of my juices and then dried my groin area and my drenched thighs
of pussy juices as much as possible. By the time he's done, his cotton
under-pants was quite damp, and then he wedged it completely inside my vaginal
entrance.

"This will do for now to block the flow of your juices. Hopefully the carpet is
not ruined." Bob said with a smirk while looking down between my thighs.

I was embarrassed and my face turned red when I saw there was a small puddle of
my pussy juice right underneath my previously dripping cunt surrounded by a
large circular area of soaking wet carpet.

"Mom, you're a one-woman pussy juice production factory! It must have been the
side effects of the drugs Don and Cherrie gave you.  But what an unexpected good
fortune though, and I hate to see a single drop of your mouth-watering pussy
juice go to waste. I must think of some way to capture and save this most
precious liquid. I might just want to drink your pussy juices for breakfast,
lunch and dinner!" Bob declared judiciously while licking his lips with his
tongue as if still savoring my delicious pussy juices.

Yes, it must have been the drugs, my son thought so too. I believed that the
drugs must have somehow heightens the perception of pleasure in brain and lower
my orgasmic threshold permanently!  I didn't know it's a blessing or a curse!

"Where were we, oh yes, I want to pierce both your inner and outer pussy lips."
Bob declared.

My son grabbed hold of both sides of my  puffy pink outer pussy lips with his
fingers. He was lifting, pulling and stretching my nether lips as if to test
their resiliency. Then he was doing the same thing to my thinner and pinker
inner pussy lips. During all this time while my son was manipulating my most
feminine private parts, I was in a constant state of arousal, more cunt juice
dripped into my son's underpants.

"Mom, you have very meaty outer pussy lips, I want to pierce and insert at least
three rings on each side so that I can pull your pussy open by the rings.
However, your inner pussy lips are little thin, and I don't want to cause any
damage to such pretty delicate lips. I might just put one or two small rings,
may be a couple of diamond studs in them so your inner lips will look ever more
luscious."

Bob grasped a handful of my cunt juice matted soft blonde pubic hair and pulling
really hard as if trying to yank them all out by the roots. I cried out in great
pain.

"Mother, I hate to shave all of your lovely blonde pussy hairs off, but it has
to go. I want a smooth and bald pussy to show off the rings. Mom, I bet you will
look every younger and more beautiful with pigtails and a hairless pussy! you
like what I planed for your pussy Mom?" Bob commented.

Instead of embarrassed and humiliated or may be even outraged, the thought that
my own son wanted to shave, pierce and ring his own mother's pussy lips made me
more excited than ever. I came again and again.

"Oh yes, my love, my master, I'll love to wear your rings in my nipples and
pussy lips. The rings are sure to make me look and feel more like your sex
slave, my owner, my darling son." I declared joyfully.

"Well-said my slave mother, but wait till you hear what I planed to do to your
crown jewel, your joy button, Mom!"

I knew we'll come to my clitoris sooner or later, it must be something really
special since Bob had avoided touching my crown jewel (as he put it) so far. My
large blood engorged pink clitoris was protruding from its protective hood ever
since my son put the dog collar around my neck. Since then, it was just getting
ever larger and longer, and projecting out from the top of my almost enclose
puffy pussy lips like a sore thumb!  My son has no trouble locating and then
clutching my distended love button with his thumb and forefinger.

"Mom, you have an exceptionally large beautiful clit already, but I intend to
make it much bigger!" Bob promised.

He squeezed and pinched my ultra sensitive love button harder and harder and
kept asking me if I want more. Of cause, I'm a pain slut now. However, when my
son pulled on my clit forcefully, stretching and twisting it into a thick
intertwine painfully throbbing rubber band like bundle. I screamed out in almost
unbearably agonizing pain and for the first time my eyes were fill with tears of
suffering that was streaking down my cheeks. My entire body was shaking
violently with multiple orgasm and my loins was bucking violently like a bronco!
When my son finally released my abused love button, my poor tormented clitoris
was stretched almost to the point of snapping off from my pussy completely! It
sprung back with such force that my clitoris turned into a painful flaming torch
at the top of my pussy slit. The pain in my severely tortured clitoris was like
an excruciation series of stabbing, searing sensations. The pain was so
overwhelming and I shrieked out loudly and them pass out on my son's lap.

When I regained consciousness a minute or two later, I felt my son was
soothingly stroking and caressing my painfully tormented clitoris just liked he
did to my tortured nipples.

"Are you okay Mom?" Bob asked me tenderly with great concern.

I nodded my head slowly despite the fact that I felt as if my loins were aflame.
I looked down at my crotch to see what me son was doing. To my total amazement I
found a large reddish-purple protrusion about the size and length of the last
section of my pinky sticking way out from the very top of my slightly opened
puffy pussy slit. It couldn't be my clitoris, this visibly pulsating and
vibrating painfully throbbing bundle of giant nerve endings! I knew I have a
larger than normal size clit but it had never even remotely got to be this big
before. This is just incredible and how did my son do it? And he was only 15
years old!  My son was grinning at me proudly for turning my pleasure button
into such a monster. When Bob started to manipulating my huge blood engorged
ultra-sensitized clitoris by rubbing it and jerking it up and down faster and
faster like it was a miniature penis, it seem totally impossible, but I saw and
felt my clitoris actually grew even bigger! I was afraid that if my extremely
bulging clitoris got any larger it might have split wide open! At first my
grossly abused clitoris was so torturously painful to be handled than gradually
the agonizing pain turned into great pleasure. I felt like my whole being was
centered on and around my love button, then I was totally consumed by tidal
waves of orgasms. Copious amounts of feminine cum juices were flooding my
vaginal tunnel continuously and beginning to seep through the saturated cotton
briefs. I was on fire, in my sex crazed mind it felt like my own highly sexual
stimulated clitoris, my feminine penis was really responsible for spraying out
all the cum juices.

After I calmed down a little from my mind shattering orgasms, Bob pointed to my
enormous clitoris and declared forcefully,

"Mom, I'm going to make and maintain your little ha ha. . . Crown jewel
permanently just about the size and shape of this one for the rest of your
life!" Bob paused to get my reaction.

I was shocked and speechless for a moment; he had to be kidding right. The whole
idea was just too preposterous!

"You got to be joking right, Bob!" I was still in a bewildered mood I even
forgot to address my son properly and called him by his given name! When I saw
the seriousness in his eyes I added,

"But. . . But how, my master?" I stuttered with uncertainty and stupefaction.


"I have contemplated long and hard for two months now, I have come up with a
plan. After I make your clitoris to the thickness and length I desired Mom, the
base of your clit will be pierced first widthwise and a large size barbell
inserted to prevent your clit from ever sheltered by your clitoral hood, and
will forever be exposed in the open! The barbell also provides anchor for the
rod to come; I will get to that later. Next, your clit will be pierced at the
mid-point also widthwise Mom, and a large thick gold ring will be inserted
inside your clit. And then very close to the tip of your clit will also be
pierced widthwise and a smaller but equally thick gold ring with a silver bell
will be inserted into your clit. I save the best for last mother; your clit will
be pierced lengthwise this time. The entire length of your clit will be pierced
from the center of the tip all the way to the base. A very thick stainless steel
rod exactly the same length of your now elongated clit will be inserted slowly
straight down from the tip of your clit. Each gold ring has a hole and the
barbell has a receptacle slot for the rod in the middle. The holes of the rings
and the locking slot of the barbell are to be in alignment inside your clitoris
for the rod to pass thought and lock into place. Mother, once the rod fitted
into the receptacle of the barbell, both gold rings, steel rod and the barbell
will all be a permanent fixture inside your clit! Your clit will be practically
filled with metal. The rod will maintain the length and size of your clit. That
means my dear mother, my sex slave, your crown jewel will always be about the
same size as you clit is now. On second thought, I think I can make your clit
even bigger. I believe your clit still has a lot of potential to grow much
larger after I stimulate it with electrical charges. Maybe even up to half an
inch in length and about the thickness of my thumb. Yes, it will indeed be a
sight to see when I make it happen! To top it off Mom, I'm going to cement a
large diamond on top of the rod, when the rod is completely buried inside your
elongated clit; the diamond will then be sited right at the tip of your love
button. Mom, from then on your feminine crown jewel will not be just in name
only, it will forever sparkle and draw all eyes like a beacon!  Mom, tell me how
do you feel about the fact that your most precious supreme sexual organ will be
irreversibly modified, pierced and ringed by your own son! You will be walking
around with a forever tremendously enlarged and greatly lengthened erect
clitoris protruding way out from your pussy. Your enormous clitoris will be
exposed utterly and on display prominently for all to see!"

I was too astounded and dazed to respond. To be pierced and ringed was one
thing, but what my son wanted to do to his own mother's clitoris with seemed
more like mutilations rather than modifications! One question kept going thought
my befuddled mind was where my sweet and studious son got such outlandish ideas!
Instead of horrify or furiously mad, the thought that my own son wanted to do
this to my clitoris was so outrageously erotic that sent waves of orgasms
through my highly aroused body. When I visualized myself sporting such an
enormous permanently modified clitoris between my loins it just blew my mind; my
body was just trembling uncontrollably by non-stop orgasms. Bob seem to satisfy
by my non-verbal responds and he asked me,

"Mom, do you know what I going to use your middle clit ring for?" Without
waiting for an answer this time he continues,

"Mom, this ring is design for me to clip a dog leash to so that I can lead you
around by your soon to be modified love button! Of cause, I will still lead you
by the dog collar permanently locked around your neck too. And the smaller ring
in the tip of your clit, it will be fitted with a silver bell. Any time when you
walk or even move a little, the silver bell inside will be tinkering and
ringing. I might even put a bell in each of your nipple, I hope you wouldn't
attract too much pesky curiosity when you go out in the public, for the bells
will surely be ringing every step you take! But the main purpose for this ring
is to fasten you with my sweet sex slave mother! How do you like my plans for
you crown jewel, my dear Mom?"

The idea that my young son wanted to make and keep his own mother's clit exposed
and modified permanently into such an enormous size and shape was just too
bizarre for words. However, in my perverted mind I not only think it was
perfectly alright for my son to do this to me, I even look forward to the day my
sex organ was to be permanently modified. My son is my owner, my master now,
that means my pussy belongs to him and besides that, I have already promised my
young son that he could do anything he wanted to me. I joyfully accepting my
fate, my son's will, and he has more plans for me! I wondered again where Bob
got such ideas. But as I listened to all the things he wanted to do to me, I
still believed that it was just my sweet young son's fantasy, and he would never
have actually carry them out, even though he seemed to give his plans  lots of
serious thoughts. However, I got more and more excited as I pictured myself
fastened to furniture or other fixtures in the house by a dog leash clipped on
to my enormous clitoris like a sex slave bitch, I cum again and again. My son's
briefs stuffed in my vagina was so saturated with my vaginal secretions it no
longer effectively able to block the abundant amounts of my freshly produced
feminine sex fluids. Pussy juices were seeping through and pearly drops of
gelatinous feminine cum cream started to drip down my inner thighs again.

"I'll love everything you're going to do to my body! My son, my master." When my
orgasms subsided a little, I looked at my young son with lust glazed eyes and
answered truthfully and ecstatically. When Bob noticed my soaking wet crotch, he
said with a smirk.

"Look's like we have a problem again." .

"Go get me a tall glass, slave Mom!" He ordered

I immediately got up and brought a tall glass from the kitchen and handed it to
my son. When I was about to knee down again, Bob stopped me, and directed me to
stand in front of him and spread my legs. He placed the glass directly
underneath my pussy lips and proceeded to pull out his under-pants from my
vagina slowly. When the briefs was barely just out of my hole, great globs of
creamy thick feminine cum juices were oozing out and dripping into the glass,
then follow by a torrent of my vaginal secretions pouring into the glass below.
By the time the flow of juices was down to a trickle, the tall glass was almost
overflowing with my sweet aromatic cunt cream. My son took a big slurp of his
own mother's sex fluid from the glass with pure delight and declared,

"So. . . Yummy! This glass of juice is all for me."

After Bob took couple of mouthfuls of my cunt juices, he set the glass down, and
picked up the cunt juice sodden briefs and said,

"Knee, slut mother, lift you face and open your mouth wide and here comes
yours!"

Bob started to wrench and twist the cunt juice laden cotton briefs inches above
my upturn face. Some droplets got into my mouth but most of the juices just fall
onto my face. By the time the briefs almost wrenched dry, my face was completely
drenched with my own pussy juices. Just as I was about to lift my hand to wipe
the juice off my face, My attempt was stopped dead as my son slapped one of my
breast real hard causing it to undulation and bounce on my chest painfully.

"Don't you dare bitch! You're my slave now, mother, always wait for your
master's order or ask permission before you do anything, understood, my slave
mother!" My son ordered,


"Yes my son, my master." I replied submissively.

"Mother, stay as you are, my slut slave with your mouth remain wide open!" My
master ordered.

A moment later, all I could see was Bob masturbating his huge penis inches above
my face. Almost in an instant my face was splattered by big globs of my own
son's creamy sperm. I desperately wanted to catch my son's precious cum with my
open mouth, unfortunately only a few ropy strands of his sperm landed inside my
mouth. By the time Bob finish Cumming, my entire face was drenched and covered
by my own son's thick creamy sperm from forehead to chin! When it started to
drip down from my chin, I badly wanted to bring it to my mouth with my fingers.
With great effort I suppressed this urge to taste my son's delicious sperm that
was coating my face. I waited for my master's order patiently, for I wanted to
be a perfect slave for my son, my master.

"Mom, your face look so deliciously beautiful and wickedly debauched, I think we
ought to make this cum juice facial a routine event. The cum juices is very good
for your complexion, it would make a great facemask, so that your beautiful face
will be always smooth and youth looking. I want your face to remain upturn so
that our combined cum juices will not drip too much until its dry. You're going
to wear my crusty dry sperm and your own dry pussy juice on your face for the
rest of the day! You have any problems with that slave mother!"

"Oh no, my son, my master. It's an honor to wear your sperm on my face!" I
responded joyously.

My senses was so overwhelm by such nasty wickedness of my own son and the
sensation of the slipperiness of our cum juices on my face, my body quivered by
another wave of orgasms resulting in more pussy juices spilling out of my
vagina. 

When Bob noticed my vaginal secretions running down my thighs again, he cursed
good naturally then pick up his damp briefs and stuffed into my dripping hole
once again.

"I must come up with a way to save your pussy juices fast. Mom, it's quite
astonishing the amount of juices coming out of your little pussy hole, you
sloppy slutty bitch!" Bob slapped my asscheek couple of times playfully; I think
both to reprimand and praised me at the some time.

I turned pink with pleased embarrassment. After a short pause, my son asked me
seriously.

"I want to ask you something, it's very important to me. Mom, how come you and
dad never have any more children?"

"Sweetheart, I have always wanted to have more kids, so that you could have
brothers and sister for playmates, but your father didn't want any more at least
not for awhile after you come along unexpectedly. And than he. . . he had the
accident, master" I said regrettably.

"I'm sorry about dad, I knew you loved him Mom, but I'm glad you wanted more
kids. So, who took precaution to prevent pregnancy?"

"Honey, It was I, master."

"Birth control pills?"

"I'm allergic to the pills master, so I had an intra-uterine device put in, It's
save and last for years."

"So it needs to be replaced then, you still have it in you, Mom?"

"My master, IDU's only effective for about three years. I replace it routinely
even after your father passed away five years ago."

"No wonder you didn't got pregnant even though Don and his gang, me included
dump tons of potent sperm into your womb."

"Fortunately I just replace my IDU only recently, master."

"Mom, I'm really glad you're not carrying any bastard for those sons of
bitches!"

"Me too my darling son, my master, thank God!"

"Mother, I want you go to the doctor and have your IDU taking out first thing in
the morning." Bob commanded.

I was taken aback a bit, and seeing the perplexing look on my face, Bob
explained,

"Mom, do you know why I asked you all these questions?"  Without wait for a
reply, he continued,

"I want to find out you have any problem getting pregnant. I'm so glad that
you're fertile, do you know why, my beautiful mother?" He asked me with a big
grin on his boyish face.

I looked at him incomprehensibly while shaking my head slowly. I had a queasy
felling in my stomach.

"My darling Mom, I want brothers and sisters. And I certainly don't mean for you
to go get married and providing me with a step-daddy in the process, or go shack
up with some guy and have a bunch of bastards. What I really want to is to
impregnate you myself! I want to watch your adorable tummy swelling up with our
baby inside! " Bob declared.

"You want to have a baby with your own mother, master!" I was so stunned I
almost shriek. Even though I was in shock, I still addressed my son 'Master'. It
has become second nature to me to call my own son master!

"Not just a baby Mom, I want to have lots of babies with you! You're very young
and you still have many childbearing years ahead of you. I want you pregnant all
the time with my babies, one every year unless you have twins or triplets. Oh
yes, I'll breed you like the doggy bitch that you're, and you will be popping
out litters of our babies literately!" Bob declared self-assuredly while jerking
on my dog leash to emphasis the fact that I'm indeed his doggy bitch and primed
for breeding now.

I was render speechless for a moment regarding to my son's depraved and decadent
desire to impregnate his own mother repeatedly. Although I was a little
disturbed and anxious about having incestuous babies with my own flesh and
blood, but I was also thrilled beyond believed for some perverted reason.
Instead repugnant to me, strangely the ideas of being breed like a doggy bitch
by my own son seem very appealing to me. I was trembling with a strong orgasm.

"Honey, it's dangerous to make incestuous babies, my son, my master."

After my orgasm subsided I managed to say apprehensively.

"I see that you love the idea of having my babies, Mom." Bob acknowledged my
orgasm happily and then continued,

"Even though I have never thought of dominating you let alone making you my sex
slave Mom, but since I started to masturbate around age 11, you were my fantasy
woman, and all my wet dreams. I was very possessive about you; I wanted you to
belong only to me than and I was glad that I was an only child. I hated any man
you ever dated since dad died, I was so jealous, remember Mom. I even dreamed of
marrying you myself and live as husband and wife. After that, I fantasize about
getting you pregnant so that you'll be mine forever. This fantasy turned into an
obsession, I became fixated on wanting to breed you and to fuck my own brothers
and sisters into your belly Mom! That was when I started to read up everything
about incest and incestuous pregnancies and birth defects. Don't worry Mom, I
found out the birth defects of incestuous babies are mostly overstated, they are
about the same as any other so call normal pregnancies." 

"Oh Bobby sweetheart, my love if it's really true, I would love to make babies
with you my son, my master!" I reach another sexual climax just by thinking that
I'd be carrying my own son's off-springs, I'd be giving birth to my own grand
children!

"I can assure you mother, there will be no problem, and our children will be all
healthy!" Bob said confidently.

"Honey, I'll go to my gynecologist first thing in the morning to have my
contraceptive device taking care of, my son, my master." I said keenly.

"Excellent, my dear mother, and we can start your breeding right away, my little
doggy bitch!" Bob declared joyously.

"Mom, I have a confession to make, I have a faddish boarding on fanatical about
pregnant women, and I found their swelling tummies extremely sexy! I guessed
that is one of the reason why I want to keep you pregnant all the time. I'll be
twice as obsessive in view of the fact that it will be my very own dear mother's
swelling pregnant belly, with our baby inside, and the other reason is that I
want your breasts to produce milk continuously. I'm looking forward to suck
sweet 'mother's milk' out of your ringed and pierced nipples! You know Mom, the
only downside I could think of about getting you pregnant is that your hourglass
figure will be sacrificed for the next ten to fifteen years for my obsessions!"


"I don't care about my figure as long as you found me sexy while I'm pregnant
with a big belly!  Oh Bobby my love, I'm so happy that I'm going to have your
children, my son, you're not only my master but my man. You said you dream of
married to me, I now looked upon you as my husband and I only wish that we can
be legally marry so that I could really be your lawfully wedded wife!" I
declared passionately to my beloved son and master with all the love expressed
in my shinning eyes.

"I doubted we could ever be able to marry legally anywhere Mom, however I could
invite few of my buddies over and have a wedding ceremony of our own. Wait till
I show you to the guys totally naked with a dog collar around your neck and lead
by a dog leash! I'm very doubtful that only looking at your sexy body would
satisfy them. We'll just have to cerebrate with an orgy afterwards!"

Bob noticed the perturbing frown on my face and inquired,

"I thought you'd be delighted. You don't like my idea Mom?"

"I love the ceremony part tremendously of course, but I don't know about the
orgy though."

"You don't want other guys to fuck you anymore Mom, is that it? " Bob asked
unbelievingly. When I shake my head negatively, he continued.

"You're such a sex-craving slut now I doubted that would be it. I'm aching to
show you off to my friends and watch they gangbang you in all of your horny
holes at the same time, so tell me you won't want that too, slut Mom!" Bob said
confidently.

"Honey, it's not that at all. I'll be unprotected after tomorrow, my son, my
master, if I'm not pregnant by than. . ."  I said miserably.

I looked at my son with such love and passion on my face there was even a hint
of teary moisture in my glistering blue eyes and pleaded imploringly for my son,
my master to understand my dilemmas.

"Sweetheart, I only want to bear your children, yours and mind Bobby, my only
beloved son and master" I declared passionately.

"Me too, my beautiful sexy mother, I'm going to be the father of all of your
children, so I'll do all the impregnations myself. I might wanted to be an only
child when I was growing up, but I certainly want lots of brothers and sisters
now, particularly since they will also be my own sons and daughters as well!
I'll enjoy seeing others fuck you, men as well as women; I might even loan you
out to my buddies from time to time. However, I don't want anyone else's baby
ever growing in your tummy, not even my best friends! I guess I just have to
lock you up in-between pregnancies my sex slave, my slutty Mom!"

"You want to lock me up in the house, my son, my master!" I asked tentatively.

It seemed a very drastic measure; I was a bit uneasy about being locked up and
lose my freedom for long periods of time, not that a slut slave should entitled
to any freedom at all!

Bob noticed the concern in my voice and explained.

"Don't worry Mom, I don't mean to lock you in the house at all, I just want to
lock up your pussy! slave Mother, you don't need me to tell you, you know you're
a slut and a sex nymphomaniac now. I may be your owner, your master, but I
doubted that I could totally satisfy and control your ferocious sexual
appetites. I can't guard you 24 hours a day, may be I should just put you in a
cage. . . just kidding Mom. This idea of putting locks in your pussy just come
to me in a flash a few moments ago! It's full proof; I just have to insert more
rings in your outer pussy lip that's all. This way I'll have total control of
you pussy and that means no one fucks you in the cunt without my permission.
Hay, I might as well put couple of rings in your adorable rosebud of an asshole
and lock it up too for good measure, my dear slave mother!" Bob exclaimed
excitedly.

My son pried the half moon of my creamy asscheek apart with one hand exposing my
rosy anus. He touched my tiny opening lightly with his fingertips caused me to
shiver with anticipation. Bob carefully examined my most private delicate
orifice for few minutes, and then he stuck his forefinger into my vagina. After
coated his finger with generous amount of my thick pussy cream, he plunged his
entire digit into my rectum. My anal ring clasped the invading digit tightly.
After my son finger fucked my back passage a few times, he insert two more
fingers into my tiny bunhole and then proceeded to enlarge my extreme pliable
anal ring as if to test the resiliency and expandability of my anal muscle. I
was sexually stimulated to new heights and groaning endlessly. A series of
orgasms one after the other rocked my body, I twisted with obscene passion
yelling and crying out shamelessly. A tremendous amount of pussy juices was
gushing out of my vagina! My son withdrew his fingers from my asshole and
brought them to my mouth.

"Clean them up with your tongue, you slutty bitch!" Bob ordered.

My son's fingers were entirely coated with my fresh ass juice. I could smell the
nauseating fume emanating from his soiled fingers. Any thought of refusal had
never entered my mind. I'm a slave, I was giving a task by my master and
therefore it was my duty to perform it well no matter how disgusting it was to
me. Without hesitation I stuck my tongue out immediately and proceeded to lick
my own ass juice from my son's fingers. Although I had tasted my own ass flavor
on Cherrie's dildo under duress before, but I found that my own ass juices
seemed to be more tolerant this time around. May be it was from my own son's
fingers. I only wished my son had fuck me in the ass with his monster cock, and
I'd definitely lick my ass juices off his gorgeous penis with more
gratification! I engulfed all three fingers in my mouth and then proceeded to
suck my sons' fingers liked it was his magnificent penis. Even though all traces
of my own shit and ass favor were completely gone from the digits now, I still
wouldn't relinquish it until Bob forcefully pulled them out of my mouth.

"That's enough, good job doggy bitch!" Bob petted me on the head like praising a
pet. And then he added,

"Mom, you asshole is just too adorable for words. The good news is that I found
your tiny asshole fit to be pierced and ringed. And the bad news is once I
inserted the rings and install the locks in your adorable rosebud, you won't be
able to sit down on your ass anymore Mom, my slut slave!"

Bob declared with obvious delight and amusement and then added.

"Wow, what a terrific idea this is, this way your pussy and asshole will both be
totally under my control. Besides the obvious of course that nobody or anything
fucks you in your pussy or your asshole without my permission. And Do you have
any idea what other significant consequences once I have the only keys to open
your locked up pussy and asshole, my dear sex slave Mom?"

I was stunned and taken aback to hear that my son really determined to put locks
in my pussy lips and even in my asshole! The whole thing was just too ridiculous
to be believed. He couldn't be serious; all of it just had to be make believes,
wasn't it? My mind was in turmoil to realize the full implications of it at all
yet. However, when I envisioned that my most private and secretive openings, my
pussy and my asshole pierced and ringed, and under locks and keys my body once
again besieged by incessant waves of orgasms.

My son looked at my in the eyes with a most wicked lecherous grin and said very
slowly,

"Once I locked up your pussy lips and your asshole, you'll have to ask for my
permission to piss and even shit. How would you like that my sweet slave
mother!" 

Oh my god! Yes, I wanted to be totally dominated by my own son, it's true indeed
once my pussy and asshole were under locks and keys my son would have total
control over even my most basic bodily functions, pissing and shitting! I'll
become his absolute sex slave!  The thought that I would be asking my own son
for permission to piss and shit was just too mind-boggling. It was so depraved
and perverted but stimulating my senses to the extreme at the same time.

"Oh my God! I'm Cummmming. . ." I yelled out as my body wracked by a series of
strong orgasm.

"Mom, it sure looks like you loved my plans to install locks in your pussy lips
and even in your tiny asshole! You must have wondered where and how I got such
depraved ideas to pierce and ring your nipples and sex organs! You know Mom; it
must have been fate. A couple months ago, I accidentally came across a web site
about body piecing and tattoos. I have never interested or gave any thought to
the subject before, but just out of curiosity, I started to read the content and
study the pictures posted on the web pages. I got more and more interested and
from then on I was hooked and surfed the net for more related sites. There was a
local shop advertised on the web showcasing their latest high tech laser
branding equipment that scorch the most detailed letterings into the flesh
without scaring and heals quickly too. I went to the shop last month just to
check it out, and it turns out the owner is the father of one of my friends. He
showed me around and let me look at the laser. It was awesome! They also carried
the latest rings that were made with the hardest alloy, one end of the ring can
insert into the spring fitted end thus become a permanently enclosed seamless
circle, virtually impossible to ever be reopened again! Ever since that day I
have fantasist about finding a submissive girl to do all the things I told you I
would do it to you earlier, Mom. Mostly of the things I wanted to do to my
submissive dream girl was just pure harmless fantasy, and just may be a little
wishful thinking too. I never ever really intent to actually carry it out, and
in my wildest imaginations I never dreamed this could ever become a reality.
Mother, I suppose I really do owe Don and his gang a debt of gratitude for
turning you into what you're now, an insatiable sex addict and a pain slut
slave! It's my great fortune to be the sole beneficiary of your transformation!
Be warn, my dear slave mother, I intent to take full advantage of your current
circumstances and exploit them to the max! You're everything that I have ever
dreamed and fantasized about and more, much much more! The fact that my little
fantasy submissive little girl turned out to be my own beautiful mother was
really icing on the cake so to speak. I still can't believe that every thing is
starting to come true, that my own gorgeous sexy young mother is now my very own
sex slave!"

Now I knew where my young bookish son got the idea to pierce and ring his own
mother, and he actually would do all the things he talked about to me too! I
have no doubted now my son is definitely going to permanently ring my nipples
and pussy as well as modify my clitoris into a huge half inches long protrusion
forever display prominently between my thighs. And I would let him do it all
without regret too! The thought sent alternating hot and cold shivers down my
spine.

 "Mom, I see that you're beginning to understand what all this is leading to
now. No more make believes, you are going to make all my fantasies come true, my
sexy slave mother! Oh yea mother dearest, I intent to insert those permanent
rings into your nipples, pussy lips and clitoris! Once they are inserted into
your fresh they could never be taken out again short of slice your nipples or
clitoris open, Oh yes, don't forget the stainless steel rod that will be totally
imbedded in your enlarged and elongated clit forever. You know Mom, originally I
plan to do the same to your nipples too. Don't you think they will look nice
pierced and ringed and then permanently enlarged and lengthened just like your
crown jewel will be and prominently on displace on top of your large breasts! 
Well, I couldn't risk the damage to your nipples so that it could interfere with
the flow of your breast-milk. Later, oh say about fifteen years from now, when
you have stopped milk production all together, then may be I would reconsider to
permanently modify your nipples. One more thing, Don had put his mark on your
thigh, fortunately the brand didn't scar your sexy white thigh too much. I also
want to put my own marks on you, the marks of my ownership of your sexy body in
addition to the piercing, Mother! I'm going to brand the words 'PRIVATE PROPERTY
OF BOB' in large block letters with the laser deep into the flesh of your creamy
asscheeks slave Mom, and your breasts and pussy lips are also going to be
branded with my name as well!"

"Yes, yes, my son, my master, do everything to me, pierce me, ring me and brand
meeeeee. . ." I screamed out as one orgasm after another rocked my body.

"Tomorrow I will take you to the tattoo and body piercing shop and have them
start working on your piercing and body modifications right away, Mom." Bob
promised.

I couldn't wait either, but I was worry about the expenses now that I knew my
son was actually going to carry out all of his plans for me into reality.

"Honey, you spoke of gold rings, diamonds, platinum collar and gold dog tag, and
all the piercing, brandings and other body modifications, isn't all of this
stuff very costly, my son, my master?" I asked with concern.

"Yes, it will be quite expensive, however nothing but the very best for you my
lovely sexy slave Mom. Let me tell you a secret, you don't have to worry about
money ever with that pretty head of yours anymore! By chance I found a large
pile of Don and his gang's money from selling drugs and pornographic videotapes.
Mom, you can quit you job now and become my full-time sex slave!" Bob declared.

"Oh yes, sweetheart, that's just wonderful. It's what I ever wanted and from now
on my only job is to serve and satisfy your every need and desire, my darling
son. I will be the perfect sex slave for you, my owner, my master." I pledged
joyously.

"I love you very much my beautiful Mommy, my sex slave!" Bob said tenderly.

I burst into tears, my heart overwhelmed with love for my fifteen-year-old son.
My beloved boy-man hadn't called me Mommy since he was seven years old! And I
told him so tearfully.

"Shh. . .Be a good girl and don't cry anymore now, Mommy. I'll start calling you
'Mommy' again from now on if it would make you happy." Bob told me tenderly and
kissed my tear stained cheeks softly and lovingly.

"Yes please sweetheart, I love to be called Mommy by you again, my darling son,
my master." I whisper emotionally and looked at my young son worshipfully with
all the love in my heart and in my tear filled eyes.

"My beautiful sexy Mother, you're going to be my sex slave Mommy for the rest of
your life." Bob whispered lovingly into my ear with certainty.

Fresh tears of joy rolling down my cheeks and I vowed to myself that I'll be the
best sex slave Mommy that I could be for my beloved son, my owner, my master!




Chapter Two: The Training of a Doggy Bitch Mommy


I was in a state of euphoria all thru lunch. Even hastily made day-old turkey
sandwiches tasted like gourmet food to me. It certainly was the most
extraordinary and memorable morning. I still couldn't believe everything that
happened since I woke up in mid-morning and forced by my son to come downstairs.
Aftermath of my ordeal with Don and his gang have leaved me so depressed and
disgusted with myself  even to the point that I didn't want to go on living
anymore. What occurred in the living room in the last few hours changed our
lives forever. My beloved son has made me face the facts and accepted me for
what I have became. Subsequently, Bob and I were much closer than we ever have
been, and we were much more than merely mother and son anymore; we were slave
and master to each other now. I was the happiest woman on earth. Oh yes, I was
the happiest sex slave Mommy on earth!

Seated side by side at the dinning table, my son and I talked causally about his
school and friends over lunch. It seemed so normal and ordinarily I still
couldn't believed I was my son's sex slave now! I must have been in a dream and
that everything occurred was just a figment of my imagination. But the fact was,
I was still totally naked except for the nylons and garter belts, while my son
was fully dressed again. However, any doubts still remained in my bemused but
rapturous mind were vanished completely when I looked down at the dog leash
fastened to the leg of the dinning table with the other end attached firmly to
my dog collar secured tightly around my neck!
  
"Mommy, I think we'll have that wedding ceremony after all the piercing and body
modification works have finished on you. And my darling future wife-mother, your
soon to be husband-son just decided to replace the permanent gold ring that was
to go into the tip of you clit with a specially design spring-fitted gold
wedding band. I will put it in your clit right before we take our marriage vows.
After that we are going to hold a slave induction ritual, at that time I'll
place the locks ceremoniously into your pussy and asshole. How do you like my
proposals, Mommy?" Bob asked me after we finished lunch and I was kneeing before
him by the sofa again.

Oh yes, to be married to my own son, to be his wife even though it will be an
illegal and unauthorized marriage. My heart was so overwhelming with love for my
beloved son; I burst into tears and cry shamelessly. My eyes were overflow with
tears of joy. I almost got up to hug my darling son to my bountiful bosoms, but
just in time to remember that I was his sex slave now and needed his permission
to do anything from now on. I smiled radiantly with tear streaking face and
looked up at my son with worshipful eyes. I was so chocked up with emotion I was
render speechless, and all I could do was vigorously nodding my head and looked
at him adoringly.

Bob touched my cheeks tenderly and wiped away a freshly falling teardrop with
loving care.

My son stroked my long blonde hair gently with great tenderness.

"I love you, my sex slave Mommy." My son whisper lovingly into my ear, and my
heart was bursting with joy.

My son continued to caress my long blonde hair lovingly, then abruptly the
stroking halted. After a poignant pause, he proceeded to pat on my head
repetitively while tugged on my dog leash gently. Then, suddenly, my son yanked
my dog leash forcefully to bring my head up so that he was looking right into my
eyes.

"You're are my obedient little 'doggy' bitch aren't you, my beautiful sex slave
Mommy?" Bob asked me confidently and somewhat persuasively with a particular
emphasis on the word 'doggy'.

"Oh yes, my son, my master!" I answered affirmatively.

"That's real good, Mommy, only this time say it out loud that you're my obedient
little 'doggy' bitch." Bob once again stress the word 'doggy" when he said that.

"I'm your obedient little 'doggy' bitch, my son, my master." I declared with
passionate conviction and with a high pitched accent on the word 'doggy'.

When my son put so much importance on the word 'doggy', my instinct told me to
respond in such a way that I knew will please him. I was really proud of my
woman's intuition when I notice the satisfaction and pleased smile on his
handsome boyish face.

"You promise? My 'doggy' bitch" Bob asked me seriously.

"Yes Master, I promise to be your obedient little doggy bitch." I pledged
solemnly once again.

"My dearest Mommy, I'm awfully glad you promised to be my obedient 'doggy'." Bob
said meaningfully and once again put special emphasis on the word 'doggy', while
tugged on my dog leash gently and patted my blonde head a few more times to
praise me as if to reinforce the notion that I was a real doggy.

"I'm really very pleased that I have made you very happy with the proposed
marriage ceremony, Mommy. I only hope that you will love what I have planed for
you next, my little doggy." Bob said excitedly. I had a very uneasy feeling when
I notice the enigmatic grin on his handsome boyish face.

"Well, Mommy, I have just decided not to waste anymore time, and I'm going to
start on your 'doggy' bitch training programs right away." Bob said almost
mysteriously with a huge wicked grin on his boyish face.

I felt both hot and cold tingling sensation up and down my spine when I heard
the words 'doggy bitch training programs'. Warning bells were going off in my
head, what sort of training programs? My son has stressed the word 'doggy' yet
once again, which had made me increasingly uneasy and anxious.

My son patted my head couple of times like a real pet again and then he picked
up my dog leash, he was jerking and pulling on my neck forcefully a few times
and said gleefully. 

"Mommy, I just love to hold your dog leash in my hand, and you'll have to follow
me wherever I go like a real 'doggy'. I think I'll just call you 'doggy bitch
Mommy' from now on! Won't you like that, my little 'doggy' bitch?" Bob asked.

"Yes, my master, I like you to call me 'doggy bitch Mommy ' from now on." I
answered agreeably.

"Good doggy!" Bob said and patted me on my blonde head a few times to praise me
like I was a real pet.

"Now, on your hands and knees, my doggy bitch Mommy, pronto!" He barked out the
order while yanking on my dog leash real hard.

I complied immediately without thinking, and dropped onto my hands and knees. My
son has been constantly petting my head like a pet and emphasis the word 'doggy'
when he spoke to me lately. When he said 'good doggy' the very first time a
minute ago like he was addressing a real pet really unnerved me. My son talked
about a doggy bitch training programs for me, and now he even wanted to call me
'doggy bitch Mommy' from now on. Even though I answered him that I liked him to
call me 'doggy bitch Mommy", I felt a sense of great anxiety boarding on
apprehension now, and I just knew all of these is going to lead to something
tremendous. I have a strong suspicious and ominous feeling that my son intended
to train his own mother to be his pet dog for real, far beyond just having me
doggy collared and leading by a leash on my hands and knees! I was trembling
with nervous and troubled anticipation.

"Good doggy." My son praised me and petted me on my head as a reward for my
quick compliance. I was really glad that my son was real pleased with me, and
instead of resentment, I was perversely delighted and didn't mind at all that my
owner called me 'good doggy' again. This time it just seemed to be a very
fitting endearment for his doggy bitch Mommy somehow!

"Be a good doggy and follow your master to the back yard for doggy walks. I
think we might just as well start your doggy training programs immediately. Yes,
it's time for your toilet training my doggy bitch Mommy."

Bob said almost casually and in fact just a bit too offhandedly while he was
pulling on my dog leash urging me to crawl forward on all fours slowly toward
the patio door.

"What toilet training?" I asked alarmingly, and stopped just short of the
sliding glass door before I was about to crawl outside to the backyard. I was so
startled that I forgot to address my son properly, and Bob seemed to overlook my
lapses also.


"A 'good doggy' bitch needs to be house trained! It's the first thing every dog
owners train their pets to do. My doggy bitch Mommy, have you ever heard of a
pet use the toilet in the house? I guess not. Mommy, you promised me to be my
little obedient 'doggy' bitch just a few minutes ago. I'm your owner, my little
'doggy', and you'll obey your master's every wish from now on like a good little
'doggy'! So from now on, my dearest Mommy, I'll lead you by your dog leash for
doggy walks every day to the backyard so that you can do your business outside,
understood my bitch 'doggy' Mommy!." Bob said sternly with emphasis on 'doggy'
every time he said the word.

I was flabbergasted, my son just couldn't mean what he just said, and it's just
too mind-boggling to contemplate what he wanted me to do. But in my heart I knew
he was very serious, he meant every word he said! I loved being my son's pet
doggy, but this was getting a bit too real and nasty, and way beyond play acting
now.

"You don't really mean you want me to...to..." I was too embarrassed and quite
perturbed to finish the sentence. And still I held on to a slim hope that he was
just joking.

"Oh yes, I want you to piss and shit outside of the house from now on Mommy,
just like a real doggy would! I only wish it's possible to have you do it on the
street sidewalk or even at the park around the corner! Hmmm. . . Just maybe
possible that I could take you to the park after midnight when nobody is around.
I could lead you crawling around the park by the dog-runs on a dog leash and let
you do your business on the grass, just like other dog owners do with their pets
in the day time. Oh yes, I think we should do a dry run one night next week to
see if it could work out. I know you'll just love it, my little doggy bitch
Mommy! Even though it will be in the middle of the night, wasn't it just a great
idea, my dear Mommy, doing it in an actual public park? " Bob exclaim excitedly.
And without waiting for an answer, he continued.

"Mommy, I'll design and make a nice litter box with your name on it for you to
shit in tomorrow so that you wouldn't mass up the patio! But I really prefer to
see you shit and piss in the park though. By the way, you're not permitted to
eat at the table anymore. I'll also provide you with two doggy bowls, with your
name on them too of cause, one for food and the other one for water. Dogs don't
eat with people on the dinning table, so from now on, my doggy bitch you'll be
eating on the floor under the dinning table with your dog leash tied to the
table legs. How do you like that, my doggy bitch Mommy!"

I was too shock and numb to respond immediately and all this talk of pissing,
shitting, litter box and doggy bowls was just too monstrous and vile for me to
contemplate. Oh yes, I was surprised when my son told me he wanted to ring,
pierce and brand me, and I was quite shock and disbelieved that he even wanted
to secure my pussy hole and ass hole with locks in addition to permanently
modify my clitoris. But I was never in anger or anguish over what my son planed
to do to my sexual organ as well as my most personal and secretive delicate
feminine places. I not only accepted but embraced his plans joyously, for my
body was no longer my own, it belonged to my son, my owner! As for him wanting
to breed his own mother repetitively, of course I was shock and stunned
initially. However, once I was informed that the risk of having incestuous
babies was minimal, I was ecstatic right away of the prospect of impregnated by
my own son over and over again, and the joy of giving births to my own
grandchildren.

I had to admit that I loved to be dog collared and leashed, the very essence and
symbolism of my enslavement to my own son. All this time, I thought it was just
a game of fantasy to pretend to be  an affectionate and obedient pet doggy with
a most loving son as my owner. All of a sudden, the significance of all the
patting and calling me his good 'doggy' earlier really became crystal clear to
me now. And to my utter dismay, I just realized what my son really had in mind
was so hideous and repulsive. My teenaged  son actually wanted to turn his own
mother into a real pet, a doggy bitch in every sense! It just sadden me to the
core of my being and I still couldn't accepted the fact that it was my son's
intentions all along. And by his calling me 'Mommy' now made the relationship
between me and my fifteen-year-old son seemed even more obscene at the moment. I
was simply reduced to just an animal, a doggy bitch slave to my son now!

I cringed with outrage and indignation when I thought that my own son wanted me
to perform and act like an animal. But isn't that's what I'm now, instead of a
mature beautiful and very youthful looking woman of thirty-two years of age, I
had became a doggy bitch slave crawling on all fours, dog collared and leashed
not unlike a real dog by my own fifteen-year-old teenage son! I was beyond shock
now, my face turn crimson with embarrassment and humiliation picturing myself
pissing and shitting on all fours like an animal in front of my own young son
right at the public park! I was quite nauseous and angry, It almost made me
cried.

"Mommy, didn't I tell you this is one of my fantasies too, to own and train a
doggy bitch? When I was a little boy, I always wanted a puppy, but dad won't let
me have one. Now, I'm older, I no longer want a puppy, I want a full-grown
little doggy bitch for a pet. I just can't believe my good fortune that
everything has turned out so perfectly. I never dream that one day my own sexy
beautiful mother will become my very own little doggy bitch. In this case,
reality is definitely way better then fantasy! Mommy, I'm going to train you to
be the best doggy bitch that you can be and then I'm going to show you off to my
friends! Oh yes, you're going to my 'show dog'. Why do think I want to pierce
and ring you as well as brand my name onto your breasts, pussy lips and
asscheeks, and put locks on your pussy and asshole. Oh, don't forget the
modifications planed for your crown jewel, it'll guarantee to be a showstopper.
Besides for my own enjoyment, Mommy, I want you on display so that the whole
world, well, at least in the beginning anyway, just all my friends will know
that you belong to me, that I'm your owner, and you're my sex slave and my doggy
bitch! I only wish there were some kind of human kennel clubs somewhere we could
join, so that I could exhibit you after all the body-modification works have
done on your sexy body, and when you're well trained to compete for trophies and
prizes! Hmmm...I'm going to search the Internet tonight to see what kind of
deviant clubs out there that we could join in the future. Let's go on with your
toilet training. And starting from tomorrow, in addition to toilet training,
we'll simultaneously start on your obedience training too, my doggy bitch
Mommy!"  Bob declared excitedly.

When my son yanked on my dog leash forcefully to urge me to crawl forward, my
mind was still in a turmoil and I was quite miserable and despondent. There was
absolutely no doubt whatsoever in my mind that my son was even now looking
foreword quite eagerly to mold and train me, his own supposedly beloved mother,
to becoming practically a real pet, a genuine doggy bitch for him to own!  I was
devastated with humiliation and mortification when I thought that my son even
considered having me performing degrading and disgusting acts such as peeing and
shitting in front of his teenage friends, as well as other strangers. He wanted
me, his own mother to be his 'show dog', to be exhibited and performing like an
animal! I felt betray, as all my anger had spent, I became quite disheartened
and depressed. Didn't he loves me anymore that he wanted to dehumanize and
debase his own mother to such an extent. My emotion took a nosedive, from
extreme euphoria for thinking of going to become my own son's wife only a few
moments ago to my present state of emotional deep anguish. I was sadden and 
heartbroken.


When my son sensed my reluctance and hesitation to crawl forward, I thought he
would be mad. Instead, he walked back to my side slowly and tugged on my dog
leash gently ,and with his fingers on my chin, he tenderly lift my dejected
bowing head. When he took in the sad look on my crestfallen face and traces of
tears in my sad blue eyes and cheeks, Bob immediately hugged my head to his
chest and was ever so gently and lovingly stroking my blonde hair.

"Oh my sweet lovely Mommy, don't be sad, I only want to make you happy. I really
believed this is what you want. I thought you'd enjoy being train to be my real
pet and that you would love to perform for your son, your master. My darling
Mommy, don't you want to be your loving son's obedient pet, my doggy bitch
anymore?" Bob whispered to me softly and endearingly.

I was confused and bewildered, my son seemed very caring at the moment, but he
was so callously going about the task of training and transforming me virtually
into his pet doggy, into an animal.

"Do you still love. . . me, my son, my master?" I asked uncertainly.

"Oh my dearest Mommy, you're the love of my life, don't you ever doubt that. I
love you more than anything in the whole world!" My son declared emphatically.

Bob kissed me passionately on my lips, and after an eternity of open mouthed
tongue dueling, saliva exchanging between mother and son; we finally had to
disengage our mouths for lack of air. My son looked earnestly into my eyes with
tenderness and love, oh yes, quite unmistakably, the love of a son for his
beloved mother!

"Mommy, I promised you I'd take very good care of you for the rest of our lives.
Don't you believe me? I want to make you the happiest Mother on earth! I love
you even more now that you have become my sex slave. I know I have a very
strange way of showing my love to you. I'm sorry Mommy, I should have explain
everything fully from the beginning, and tell you what I really wanted from you
and than go about your training gradually. It's just that I have fantasized
about training a doggy bitch for such a long time and formulated many plans in
my mind, I guess I was a little too eager once you became my sex slave, and I
wanted to advance to the next level. I just wanted to start your training
program right away. I guess I was too impatient to wait, and I just wanted to
accomplish everything all at once." Bob smile a little sheepishly and continued.

"Mommy, you told me you wanted me to treat you like shit and a slut slave.
Didn't I warn you that I would exploit you to the extreme? After Don and his
gang was through with you, although your transformation was amazing but I felt
it was still incomplete. Well, I'm just taking it a little further. I want to
train and make you into my very own doggy bitch for real, and I'm going to treat
you like a real little doggy bitch slave. Didn't you just promised me that
you're going to be my most obedient little doggy bitch, Mommy. Deep down I just
know this is what you really wanted, what we both wanted. Why don't you just let
yourself go completely, and enjoy all the things I'm going to do to you, my
darling beautiful sexy Mommy!"

"What about the pissing and. . . and shitting stuff, my master, it sounds so
nasty and disgusting!" I asked with distaste.

"Don't you want to piss and shit for your own son and master, my sweet obedient
doggy bitch Mommy?" Bob said it so tenderly and enticingly I almost cum just
then.

"My darling, will you still respect me after I. . .I. . . shitted in front of
you, my son, my master" I looked my son in the eyes lovingly and hopefully, and
I asked him softly with a most shamefully embarrassing redden face.

Shitting and peeing were the most private and personal things one dose in life,
and most definitely everyone was doing it in the privacy of the restrooms, but
now my son wanted me to perform such embarrassing personal deeds in front of him
and even for his friend and others! And I couldn't have even imagine what other
nasty and degrading things he wanted me to do in the future!

"Oh my sweet sweet Mommy, I'll always respect you! You're the woman who gave
birth to me, loved me unconditionally and nurture me with such tender care all
these years! Of cause I'll respect you; I respected you when you cleaned my shit
coated penis with your tongue. I respect you when you're collared and dog
leashed and crawling on your hands and knees like a doggy bitch right now. My
darling Mommy, I promise you I'll even respect you when I'll be pissing on you
face and all over your sexy naked body and then order you to drink my urine
during your toilet training! " Bob said confidently with reassurances.

When Bob noticed my shocking expression, he smiled engagingly; he knew that by
now I was starting to accept my fate--being a real pet doggy for my son to own.

"Oh yes, it's part of your toilet training program, Mommy, and you'll learn to
love the taste of my urine in time if not right away. And I'll even train you to
drink your own urine too, my darling doggy bitch Mommy!" Bob declared with a
mischievous smile on his face. After a poignant pause, then he continued,

"And it's sure about time I take care of you for a change. You know I adore you,
Mommy don't you? I love you with all my heart and I only wanted you to be happy.
Don't you ever doubt it again! And don't worry a thing from now on, just give
yourself completely to me, and I swear to you, you'd be in very good hands,
Mommy. I promise you I'll never let any real harm ever come to you and I'll
never do anything to you or order you to do anything you really don't want! I
have so many marvelous plans for both you and me in the future, and I promise
you my darling Mommy, you'll love every minute of it!  My dearest Mommy, you are
my most precious and treasured procession. I'll cherish you and adore you for
being my beautiful sexy Mommy, and the future mother of my children. And I'll
love to humiliate and torture you and make you do disgusting and nasty things
for me and my friends for being my obedient little doggy bitch, my slut sex
slave!" Bob said sincerely and earnestly while he was looking at me with both
love for me as a son and lust for me as my master and owner.

Suddenly, everything was beautiful again and all my misgivings and wretchedness
were gone. My heart was singing with joy, my beloved son still loved me and
would continuously to love me! The thought of pissing and shitting right in
front of my son didn't seem so humiliating and degrading anymore, instead it
became very sinfully erotic and excitingly degenerate to me now! Even if my
beloved son and master ordered my to piss and shit in front of his teenaged
friends. I would have done it for him readily now! I'm in a sexual submissive
induced euphoric state of mind that even the thought of being peed on by my own
son or his friends was a turn on for me. I wondered what my son's urine would
taste like and would he want me drink his piss and my own piss in front of his
friend? May be he would even want me to drink his friends piss too! And I didn't
mind I would be doing any of these nasty and degrading things now. Wasn't this
what I wanted all along, to be treated like shit, to be my own son's slut bitch
slave! And I have a feeling that I would love being my son's pet doggy for real!

When I remembered that my son wanted me to eat and drink out of real doggy bowls
on the floor, I had to know.

"Honey, are you going to feed your Mommy dog food from now on, my son, my
master?" I asked impishly.

I was confident that my son loved me and always will love me now. I had resolved
the issue of being humiliated and debased of having to do the most filthy and
disgustingly things on command for my son. Even if I was ordered to shit and
piss in front of a crowd of strangers, I'll do it joyously, simply because my
son, my master wanted me to and I want to obey and please my master. And now, I
definitely had no qualms about eating dog food if that's what my son, my owner
wanted me to eat!

He laughed right out as if it's a big joke.

"Mommy, I love you very much, you know that now don't you? I might want you to
become my doggy bitch for real, but I won't want you to eat dog food every day.
Besides, you'll be doing all the cooking anyway. Mommy, you need all the
nutrients if you're going to keep up your sexual stamina, and besides that, the
tremendous amount of sex juices produced constantly by your pussy needs to be
replenishing too with healthy food."

Suddenly there was a roguish grin appeared on his handsome boyish face.

"Mommy, unless you really wanted me to feed you dog food, I could occasionally
open a can or two for your enjoyment, and I might want you to eat a can of real
dog food now and then to entertain my friends.  However, Mommy, you'd still be
eating out of the doggy bowls on the floor though, no matter it's human food or
it's dog food! You like that my sweet doggy bitch Mommy." He said endearingly.

"My master, I love to be call doggy bitch Mommy by you, honey, and I truly don't
mind eating out of doggy bowls on the floor from now on. Actually I really would
love to eat real dog food once in a while; it will definitely make me feel more
like a real dog, your very own doggy bitch, my son, my owner."  After a short
pause, I added playfully.

"My darling son, you could teach your doggy bitch Mommy some doggy tricks like
fetch, rollover or even play-dead for you and your friends! And I really hope
the public park thing will work out alright, than I could bring the dog leash to
you, my master, in my mouth like a real doggy and anticipating that my son, my
owner would take me out to the park for doggy walks and other ah. . . nasty
things!" I said mischievously while waggled my ass playfully.

I truly loved to address my darling son not only by 'my master' as he ordered me
to, but also by 'my owner', in addition to 'my son', as well as calling myself
his 'doggy bitch Mommy', as often as I could now whenever I talked to him. And
by doing so, I relish the fact that we are not only just mother and son to each
other but also emphasis the true state of our unholy relationship, that not only
I was my own son's sex slave and possession, but I was also his pet doggy! Every
time I addressed my darling son in such ways, it sent a thrill down my spine. I
noticed that my beloved son, my owner loved it too. And in return, he has called
me 'Mommy' all the time and sometimes even quite endearingly by adding 'darling'
and 'dearest' just like I did.

I have finally accepted the fact that my son wanted me to be his pet dog for
real. I will oblige my master willingly and even enthusiastically now, and
transform myself virtually into a dog or at least as close as I could be to the
real thing. I was really impatient for my training to begin so that I could
become the best doggy bitch Mommy for my beloved son! Didn't they say be aware
what you asked for, because you may get it?


"Oh, my master, I can't wait for my doggy obedience training to start, please
take me outside now. Your doggy bitch is ready for her toilet training, my son,
my owner!" I begged fervently.

"My darling Mommy, I just knew you would love being my doggy bitch! By the way,
I have lots of sexier and nastier tricks other than fetch and rollover in mind
for you to learn my doggy slut! With me as your trainer, I'm absolutely sure
you're going to turn out to be a very good little doggy, and will be nearly
indistinguishable from the real thing, my dearest doggy bitch Mommy!" With a
huge smile on his face, Bob declared cheerfully with supreme confidence while
patting my golden head encouragingly.

"Mommy, be a good doggy now, and follow your master outside, my pet. And let the
training begin!" Bob shout out the order impatiently, and pulled on my dog leash
forcefully with urgency.

I crawled willingly now, even eagerly behind my young son out onto the patio.
When he leaded me by the dog leash like a pet dog to the middle of the patio, he
stopped and turn around and walked behind me. With a strong tug he yanked his
briefs right out of my vagina, my pussy hole was gapping open, a great deluge of
accumulate pussy juice poured out like floodwaters to the cement floor. When the
flow slowed down to a trickle, then slowly dripping down and coating the back of
my quivering thighs.

"Open your knees wider, head down and ass up, doggy bitch!" Bob barked.

"Still wider, doggy bitch!" Bob ordered and jerked my leash strongly.

After I adjusted to the desired posture, Bob praised me by saying,

"Good doggy!"

"Every time you come out here, in the park or even right in front of my friends
to start your toiletry, doggy bitch Mommy; you'll assume this position. And
before you're ready to piss, I want you to put your hands behind and stretch
your pussy lips wide open, after you're pierced and ringed, you can just pull on
the rings. And then rise one leg like a dog when you start to pee! Now, before
you ready to shit, I want you do the same thing but without hoisting your leg,
and be sure to pull your asscheeks as wide apart as possible so that your
asshole will be spread wide open. I want to see everything that's coming out of
both of your holes back here clearly. Now, Mommy if you understood all my
instructions then wiggle that adorable ass of yours for me a few times like a
real doggy bitch now!" Bob commanded.

After I wiggled and twisted my ass provocatively a few times, suddenly I felt a
couple of stinging slaps on the tender supple flesh of my buttocks. I knew for
certain that my sons' palm prints were imprinted brightly on each half moon of
my flawlessly creamy asscheeks!  Bob chuckled pleasingly and commented

"That's real nice, my little doggy. You're ass looks a little more appealing now
my pet. I only wish I had a whip on hand, so that I could add half a dozen more
painful red stripes on your creamy soft asscheeks! My dear sweet Mommy, your
tender delicious ass is made to be whipped! Oh, this just reminds me that I
should go to the Internet and order a more of whips and canes, and some bondage
stuff too. And of cause I better not forget to order a custom designed collar
and pendant for you to wear on your neck and a large vibrating butt pug for your
tiny asshole! Something seems to be still missing, " After considered for a
little while, Bob exclaimed excitedly,

"Ohhh. . .I know what you need, a tail, Mommy bitch! Yes, every little doggy has
a tail; I'll just have to fashion a tail from some real furs and glue to the
large butt plug. When you ass is not locked up, you'll be wearing a tail in your
asshole my doggy bitch Mommy! You like that Mommy dearest?"

"Yes, my darling son, I'm your pet, your doggy bitch, I need to have a tail
implanted in my asshole so that I could waggle for you like a real doggy, my
master, my owner!" I replied blissfully.

A huge butt plug that vibrates with a tail stuck in my tight asshole sounded
deliciously delightful to me and yet so sinfully decadent.

"Good doggy. A doggy tail will really look nice in you asshole, Mommy slut!" Bob
praise me.

"Now, be a nice doggy, piss for your master, my doggy bitch Mommy!" My son
ordered.

I spread my pussy lips as wide as possible, so that my son had a clear view of
my little urethra opening. I lift my right leg slightly in the air as instructed
by my master. A strong stream of my steamy hot golden urine was shooting out of
my tiny piss hole splattering onto the cement floor underneath my wide spread
legs. I wiggled my asscheeks to act like I really had a tail tucked in my
asshole, I felt shameless. On the contrarily, I was rather quite proud of myself
that I was performing the most private and personal act for the first time like
a bitch in heat for my own son's viewing pleasures! I felt like an animal, my
own son's pet dog more than ever at this very moment, and all I needed now is a
tail wedged into my asshole to complete the picture! A profound thought just
came to me, I knew I just took a giant first step towards my transformation from
a human female bitch to a doggy bitch. There was no going back now. I was
committed to be my son's pet dog for the rest of my life when the piss shot out
from my urethra in front of my son. And it's just like I was committed to be his
sex slave for life when my son tighten the dog collar around my neck and clipped
on a dog leash earlier today. Was it only this morning that I have started on
the road of my sinful and decadent descent and look how far I have come already
and I have a long way to go. I looked forward eagerly with anticipation in every
turn and corner with my beloved son, my owner guiding me and training me in
every step of the way.

My golden urine was empting out from my bladder and the flows of piss was slowly
dwindling and started to drip down from my smooth inner thighs over the sticky
creamy cum juices already coated there. The mixed body fluids glistening in the
sunlight appealingly. After the remaining golden urine squirted out from my pee
hole in spurts, my pussy hole sprayed out jets of creamy feminine cum juice at
the same time. The combination of pungent smell of piss and aromatic feminine
secretions emanated from between my legs and on the ground was floating in the
air around us. As the intoxicated fumes drifted into our nostrils, I was certain
it not only heightened my senses but my son's as well. I no longer abhorrent to
the fact that I'll be treated like a pet dog by my own son forever from now on.
In fact I loved it, and I'd embrace it totally without reservations what so
ever! Right now, I'm feverishly looking forward for the first time to shit for
my owner, my master who is also my beloved fifteen-year-old son.

As I was waiting impatiently for my master's command for my defecation to begin,
I was dreaming that I was at my wedding ceremony totally naked only wearing a
long white wedding lace in my blonde head. My son crouched before my loins, and
he was inserting a custom designed gold wedding band fitted with a tiny silver
bell into the tip of my permanently modified huge bejeweled clitoris. I conjured
up the image of us taking our wedding vows and then my own son and I was
pronounced husband and wife. A master and slave bonding ritual was performed
soon after. I visualized my son securing the locks into my pierced and ringed
pussy lips and asshole one by one and then he attached a dog leash to the large
gold ring in the middle of my clit. I was then proclaimed to be his sex slave
forever! Just before the orgy would be commenced, I envisioned my own young son
was leading me by my enormous clit protruding prominently from the top of my
locked and ringed pussy lips. I was on my hands and knees crawling around and
around in front of a roomful of his cheering and clapping rowdy teenaged
friends. Suddenly the images in my mind's eyes were vanished; shattering by
waves after waves of earth-shaking orgasms and my body was trembling and quaking
violently. An amazing amount of cum juices was gushing out in torrents from my
vaginal opening continuously for quite some time. The mind not only could
intensify but also perpetuate orgasms. I almost passed out from such extreme
explosive violent orgasms; one of the strongest cum I ever experienced. Even
though I was on the verge of orgasmic exhaustion, and my physical stamina
started to wane, however I was still in a state of constant excitation and
stimulation. Instead of diminishing in volume, the production of my pussy cream
from the inner most recesses of my vaginal cavities seemed to be steadily
increasing without any sign of abiding!

"Good doggy! I see that you really love to pee for me now my seemingly
previously reluctant doggy bitch Mommy!" Bob laughed with a bemused smirk.

My son's laughter bought me back from my orgasmic high slowly, he thought the
earth-shattering orgasms I just exhibited were entirely due to my peeing in
front of him!

"Oh what a shame to waste so much delicious pussy juices, I must find a solution
to capture all the juices as soon as possible. Hmmm...let me search the internet
for some sort of inflatable plug or dildo, it might just work." Bob commented,
then after a poignant pause, my son continued,

"I have fantasized about this moment so many times, and I have waited long
enough! Now it's time to shit for your master, my beautiful doggy bitch Mommy!"
My son ordered as if he was in a great deal of impatience as well as heightened
anticipation.

I quickly spread my unblemished but soon to be branded half moons of my creamy
asscheeks as wide apart as I could. I started to grunt and push real hard to
squeeze my shit out. I had quite a hard time in the beginning; for one thing, it
was not a natural position for a normal defecation, unless you're a real doggy.
And the other reason being I was quite conscious of the fact that my own son was
unwaveringly watching me shitting in front of him for the very first time! As my
rosy pink asshole started to pucker outward and my anus opened up gradually, I
sensed that my young sons eyes were like twin laser beams intensely aimed on his
own mother's gaping secret orifice. When my pussy started to convulsing and
pulsating uncontrollably, I was beyond shame and I knew for certain that the
biggest thrills of my life is yet to come!

Just as a large yellow slimy piece of shit was about to slide out of my gapping
asshole, I was literally quite out of my mind with ecstasy from performing such
an unspeakably filthy and depraved act for my own son. And for some very strange
reason my mind was wandering. It was so surreal I felt as if I was in a fog.
Subconsciously I was reminding myself that I'd have my IDU taken out first thing
in the morning, so that I could be breed like a doggy bitch that I'm. I dreamed
of having lots of 'puppies' for my beloved son and master in the years to come.
Wasn't that a well-trained doggy bitch Mommy supposed to do! A blissful smile
appeared on my lust-consumed face, and to think all this happed because I took a
little gamble!

"Good doggy, you're doing a great job, Mommy! This is so fucking unbelievable,
and it's just too dame beautiful and fantastic to watch! I thought it might be
at least a bit disgusting and nasty, but I felt none of that at all. I believe
it was because you're not only my darling lovely Mommy, but you're a damn sexy
beautiful young woman! And you're my sex slave and doggy bitch slut! Come' on,
keep pushing real hard now, it's about to come out all the way, my doggy bitch
Mommy." Bob exclaimed excitedly.

I came out of my daydreaming with a snap by my son's loud cheer and urgings. The
three inches long piece of yellow smelly shit was hanging from the mouth of my
gapping asshole and them stretched even longer by gravity and finally felled on
the piss and cunt juice spattered concrete patio floor between my wide spread
legs. The utter ungodliness of such a depraved act I was performing in front of
my underage son just dawn on me, my whole body was once again wracking by a
series of mind shattering powerful orgasms. Just as my vagina spraying a jet of
feminine cum juice outward, and my tiny urethra dribbled out a few drops of pee,
the second solid yellow shit was emerging from my expending shit hole. My son
was encouraging and cheering me on from behind enthusiastically. I grunted
louder and contract my rectum muscle harder to force my second load completely
out of my asshole. After I forced out three more long pieces of shit form my
rectum, no matter how hard I tried, even until my anus was all pucker up and
turned inside out; there was no more solid shit coming out of my asshole. Except
for a few tiny dribbles of watery feces clinging to the rime of my asshole, my
rectum was finally quite empty.

"Well done, good little doggy! Stay as you're, my doggy bitch Mommy. Your
asshole just look delicious divine. All delicately pink and gapping wide open
with just a little bit of shit smeared on the rime and dripping down your ass
crack, Mommy! " Bob praised me and then declared,

"Wow, that was such an awesome sight to watch huge loads of shit squeezed out of
your gapping asshole, Mommy. I'll never forget it as long as I live, and I don't
think I'll ever get tire of watching you shit, my beautiful doggy bitch Mommy.
Wait till the boys get to see you do it, Mommy, I'm sure it would blow their
fucking mind."

"Take a look at the pile of dog shit between your legs, my doggy bitch Mommy,
I'm just amazed the amount of shit just came out of your shit tube, Mommy!" Bob
commented while tugging on my dog leash forcefully downward to induce my head to
come down.

I was so embarrassed to see there was such a large mound of my yellow smelly
shit laid just beneath my ass. I wish a hole would open up in the concrete floor
so that I could hide in it.

"I ought to take a picture of this. Hey, what I really should do is video and
document all of your slave training proceedings from now on, Mommy. I bet there
is a huge market for these types of videotapes. I'll videotape all the special
events too; like our wedding and your other public performances, and I could
even write movie scripts for you to star in. I'm going to be a big time
porno-movie producer and make tons of money. And you, my beautiful doggy bitch
Mommy, are going to be a star!" Bob declared delightfully.

Instead of embarrassed or even humiliated for being the star of such extremely
bizarre and depraving toilet training videos and pornographic movies, I was
actually quite pleased and gratifying that because of the possible future
videotape sales, more people would know that I was my own son's sex slave and
doggy bitch! Bob stepped right behind my wide spread legs and I heard the sound
of the opening of a zipper. My hands were still on my buttocks to kept my
asscheeks spread wide apart and my asshole remained quite open; then I felt the
large mushroom head of his penis touched the rime of my wide-open asshole. I let
out a scream as my son's monster organ buried all the way to the root inside his
mother's rectum in one plunge! He withdrew his huge shaft almost entirely out of
my rectum and then plunged all the way back inside in one stroke again, My back
passage was throbbing with pain from this unaccustomed abuse. My ass was on
fire; my body was convulsing with orgasms by pain and pleasure. As my son
continued to plunged in and out, fucking my shit tube relentlessly, with the aid
of some remaining shit as lubricant, eventually my tight back passage become
adjusted to his size and his rough treatment of my delicate rectal interior
walls. Just when I was getting comfortable to the pounding of my ass by my son,
he withdrew his penis from my asshole abruptly. I was little disappointed that
he didn't bath my rectum with his red-hot sperm. Bob walked and stood in front
of my face, his enormous penis was entirely coated thickly with my shit and
leveled with my mouth. The smell of my own shit was so overwhelming to my
senses, I felt a little nauseated and almost vomited, I knew what was expected
of me, so without even being commanded, I opened my mouth right away.

"Nice doggy!" Bob praised and patted me on my head as he plunged his entire
shit-coated shaft all the way down my throat.

I almost gagged by the enormous size of my son's penis and the nasty taste of my
own shit. As he withdrew his penis slowly from my throat, I closed my mouth and
wrapped my lips around his penis tightly. When he started to fuck my mouth with
in and out actions, I proceeded to lick and clean my shit from his engorged
penis with my tongue and bath his precious sex organ with my saliva. Unlike
previous occasions, this time there were not only my ass juices but also fair
amounts of my shit was brought along from my just defecated rectum by my son's
enormous penis! Gradually, I became adapted to the taste of my own shit and some
how it seemed more flavorsome by the minute, and I started to clean and lick my
son's penis with relish. Eventually, all the shit coated on my son's penis were
wash down my throat with my son's pre-cum and my salvia. After all the shitty
taste had vanished from my mouth, I became dedicate in giving my son the best
blowjob he ever had. But all of a sudden, my son stopped his fucking motion, and
withdrew his entire penis from my mouth. Once again I was disappointed, I wanted
to ingest my son's precious sperm instead wearing on my face. But I was glad
that I was wrong this time.

"Nice doggy, open your doggy mouth now and stick your tongue out, I have a
reward for you." My son commanded.

I complied immediately with joy, my mouth wide open and my tongue hanging out
like a dog panting from heat, ready to receive my creamy blessings from my son
God, my master.

"Good doggy! Now, don't swallow, just hold it in your doggy mouth, my doggy
bitch Mommy." Bob instructed while patted my head.

My son positioned his huge penis now sparking clean and gleaning with my salvia
inches form my wide opened mouth.

"My nice doggy bitch, masturbate your owner until I come inside your doggy mouth
now!" Bob commanded.

I wrapped both hands around my son's enormous stalk and proceeded to jerk up and
down on his penis. I jerked his penis faster and faster until he was about to
ejaculate. When I bought his mushroom head just inside my lips, my darling son
started to ejaculate ropey strands after ropey strands of pearly gelatinous life
giving sperm inside the cavity of my wide open mouth. My mouth was almost filled
to capacity after my son finished coming. And he wiped the last clinging drop of
sperm from his pee hole onto my outstretched hanging tongue.

My son admired my opened mouth fill with his hot creamy sperm immensely. My jaw
started to get tired until he ordered me to swallow his sperm slowly and play
with it with my tongue as it go down my throat into my stomach.
My son's sperm was delicious and the experience was so erotic I come many times
during the entire proceedings.

"Good doggy!" My son praised me and patted me on my head after I showed him my
empty mouth entirely free of any trace of his sperm.

"Nice doggy, now keep your doggy mouth open, I have another reward for you, my
doggy bitch Mommy!" Bob promised.

My son positioned his penis inches away from my wide-open mouth. There was a joy
in my heart and in my twinkling blue eyes, for this time, I knew I was about to
receive my golden blessings from my God son, my master.

When my son's golden scolding hot urine was spraying forcefully down my throat,
I was in a state of bliss. My mouth was filled time after time, and I swallowed
as fast as I could, mouthful after mouthful of my son's salty but tasty  liquid
down my gasping throat into my stomach. But there was so much pee going into my
mouth so fast, some of the precious golden liquid spilled out from the corner of
my mouth and down my chin dripping onto my breasts. When the flow was down to a
tinkle, my son redirected his penis so that the remaining urine was spraying all
over my face. Even though my eyes were squeezed tight shut, a few stinging drops
seeped in. After my son emptied his bladder, my beautiful face was dripping with
acrid smelling yellow pee. I was disappoint there was no more precious golden
liquid from my son's penis to drink, even though I felt there is a warmth in the
pit of my slightly swelling stomach. I knew I became an addict to my son's urine
at that instant. I orgasm again and again from the pure perversity of it all.

"Very nicely done doggy Mommy, for you first time effort." My son praised me and
patted me on my head. Then he added,

"Mommy, you will be punished if you spell any drop the next time! my doggy
bitch!" Bob warned.

"I'm glad that you loved to drink my pee, because you're going to get lots more
of it, my doggy bitch Mommy!" Bob stated.

After Bob clean the mass I made on the patio with a garden hose, I was expecting
him to give me a hosing down, but he put the hose away. I felt very unclean,
with wet pee coated on my face and dry shit smeared on my asshole. I was hoping
my son; my master will allow me to take a shower.

Bob looked at me keenly for a few minutes well aware of my predicament and a
slow mocking smile appear on his boyish face.

"My doggy bitch Mommy, you're to wear my pee on your face in place of my sperm
till you go to bed, and we have a long night of training and discipline ahead of
us." Bob informed me and after a pause, he continued.

"Now, my darling Mommy, you know real doggies don't clean their asses after they
shit. But since you're not a 100% doggy yet, I'll give you some slack for a
little while longer." Bob stated.

My son pulled on my dog leash with a slight force to urge me to follow him. He
led me crawling after him on my hands and knees from the patio on to the lawn.

"Now doggy, on your knees and sit your ass down onto your heels, back straight
and chest out." Bob directed me.

"Good doggy! Just the way I  like to see  your breasts sticking way out from
your chest, my doggy bitch Mommy." Bob praised and patted me on my head after I
complied with his instruction.

"From now on, when I say 'doggy heels', you assume this posture immediately,
understood my bitch doggy Mommy?" Bob asked.

"Yes, my master." I answered happily. My heart filled with joy, for every new
trick I learned I would become more and more like a real pet for my son, my
master!

"Mommy, actually, I'm ahead of myself. In your obedience training starting
tomorrow you will learn lots more commands like 'doggy heels'. You better be a
fast leaner, or you will be punished severely, my darling doggy bitch Mommy."
Bob said with a little wickedness and a evil grin on his face.

My heart soared excitedly for the new lessons to be learn and also the prospect
of punishment tomorrow.

"Now, my dear Mommy bitch be a good doggy and wipe your dirty asshole on the
grass." Bob ordered.

I compiled with great embarrassment; I sat my ass down on the moist grass and
spread my asscheeks wide open so that the entire ass crack was in contact with
the grass. And then I moved back and fore to wipe my ass clean of dry smears of 
shit on and around my asshole. The grass was abrasive and it really irritated my
sensitive tender tissues of my anus and ass crack. I knew my asscheeks were
grass stained.

"Good doggy." My son praised me after I finished cleaning my ass the way he
wanted me to while patting me on my head.

"Mommy dearest, that didn't feel particular good or even real clean, isn't it
true?" Bob asked me mockingly, and I nodded with misery.

"I'll never allow you to wash your ass by hands from now on doggy bitch! But
don't you be despair; I have a natural solution for you that's far better than
hands, my doggy bitch Mommy." My son declared mysteriously. After a poignant
pause, he continued,

"Mommy, you probably thought that was all there to it in peeing or shitting,
right. Well, you would be quite wrong. In the days ahead, I'm going to train you
to piss and shit on demand! And your urethra and asshole will both be enlarged
and its' muscles will be strengthened. Oh, even though it's nothing to do with
toilet training, I want you to strength your pussy muscles as well, so that you
can perform tricks with your pussy hole. I want to train you to squirt large
quantities of your urine and enema fluid way out from your enlarged pee hole and
asshole respectively. Once you're perfected these techniques along with some
pussy hole antics and other exotic acts, I want you to perform for my friends.
Any problems with that slut Mommy?" Bob asked sardonically.  

"Oh no, my master! I'll love to perform for your friends and I'll train real
hard, so that you'll be proud of you doggy bitch Mommy, my son, my owner."  I
declared sincerely.

"That's my good doggy!" My son praised my response and patted on my head.

"Mommy, even though I have total control of your vagina opening once the locks
are in place, I really have no actual physical control over your pee hole. My
darling sex slave Mommy, I know you will not pee unless I order you to.
Nevertheless, I'll order a special catheter that is outfitted with a valve.
After the catheter is inserted into your urethra, it will stick way-out from
your enclosed pussy lips, just like your modified clit will be. Once the
catheter is in place, only the valve will control the flow of your urine. And
you, my sweet sex slave Mommy, will have absolutely no control over your own
bladder what so ever!  When the valve is turn on, my slut Mommy, your piss hole
will be dripping urine continuously! When the valve is closed, the catheter is
mainly a torture device and in conjunction with enema, they will both be
integral parts of your toilet training! My sweet Mommy dearest, I love to
torture and abuse you sexy body. I'm going to convert the basement into a
torture chamber for you. I'm going to hang you up spread-eagle by your large
creamy breasts and looking forward to see how long you can hold your urine in
your bladder and the enema fluid in your rectum at the same time while I whip
your tender breasts, pussy and asscheeks! By the way, my dear Mommy, I intended
to seal up all three of your holes between your thighs, which include your
vagina, asshole as well as your tiny urethra continuously! Well, the holes would
only be allow to open only on certain occasions. First your beautiful pussy hole
Mommy, an inflatable dildo will be constantly buried in your vagina to block all
of your cunt juices from leaking out. A great solution to save all your
delicious pussy cream. The dildo would only be taken out during juice collection
or when your cunt hole is being fucked. Oh, how could I forget, it will
definitely be out when you give birth to my babies, my dearest Mommy! Secondly,
your adorable asshole Mommy, will always be plugged up with a large vibrating
butt plug! When your asshole is not under locks and keys, a butt plug fitted
with a furry tail will be inserted instead of a regular one, and then you will
be on your hands and knees and only allow to crawl and bark like a real doggy
bitch. The only times your asshole will be unplugged is when you're about to be
ass fucked or ordered to shit! Lastly, Mommy, a catheter will be inserted into
your tiny pee hole all the time with the valve in a closed position most of the
time. The catheter will never be removed from your urethra unless it get in the
way of fucking your pussy hole." After a short pause, Bob said mischievously,

"Now, my lovely sex slave, my doggy bitch Mommy, I'm going to tell you one of my
favorite part of your toilet training; your sexy mouth is going to be my toilet!
I hope you like my pee, I intent to save all my urine, and pee only into your
mouth from now on. You can relax Mommy slut, I am not going order you to eat my
shit, and it seems too nasty even for me. I'll use the toilet to shit, however,
Mommy dearest, your will clean my asshole with your tongue afterwards! And don't
worry, I'll not order you to clean any of my friend's asshole or drink their
piss; you're to be my exclusive toilet slave! These are just some of the things
I planed for your toilet training. What do you think, my doggy bitch Mommy, I
hope you don't have any objection to any of the things I mentioned so far."

"Oh no, I love everything you have planed for me, sweetheart. I'm so happy that
you will have absolute control over my shit hole, pee hole and baby hole my
master. Your piss was delicious honey, and your doggy bitch Mommy wants to be
your toilet slave, my darling son, my owner.!" I answered truthfully and
ecstatically after a series of strong orgasms subsided.

My son was quite right about me thinking that toilet training involved not much
more than just peeing and shitting. I didn't know where and how my son came up
with such diabolical schemes to toilet train his own mother and the utmost
outrageously depraved things he was going to do to my most private parts and sex
organ. I positively believed now that my fifteen-year-old son was unquestionably
the sickest and weirdest teenage on this planet, a real son of bitch and a
mother-fucker to boot. Hey, I was right on target on both counts! But the real
irony was that I was the bitch that gave birth to him, and I was also the mother
he fucked. However, I loved him just the way he was. I thanked God for my son,
for I knew now that I couldn't possibly go on living without him and the things
he was doing to me and also the things he has planed for me!


Peeing and shitting in front of my son was no longer repugnant to me anymore. On
the contrary I loved to pee and shit for my son now and such acts were no longer
appear degrading and humiliating to me anymore. And I just realized the fact
that I'm an exhibitionist as well, so that I was extremely enthusiastically
looking forward to perform the nastiest things and the extremist depraving acts
in front of my son's underage friends. It's not just because my son ordered me
to but the main reason was that I know I'll love everything I will be order to
do and also I wanted all my sons' friends to know that I'm his most obedient
doggy slut slave! I was really glad that my son decided not only to lock up my
pussy hole and asshole but also devised methods to plug up and control my pussy
hole, shit hole and even my pee hole as well. What a sight it will be after the
modification of my clitoris and the  installation of the catheter into my
urethra. Both will be sticking way out prominently from my pussy lips, and in
addition to the furry tail wedged way in my rectum as well as my other body
modifications and decorative jewels! I wish I could be ready for my son to
display me openly for everyone to see now! As for drinking my son's urine and
cleaning his asshole that's what a sex slave Mommy was for! My darling son's
urine was delicious and tasty, and I just knew that his shit would be sweet too.
I might even persuade my son, my master to let me eat his shit some day.

"Good doggy, I'm glad that you love my plans for your toilet training so far,
and I have lots more!"  Bob said happily and obviously pleased with my reception
to his ideas and planning while patted me on the head over and over again.

My heart was bursting with joy again by my son's praise and his repetitive
patting.

"Now, let's get back to the natural solution that I told you about for you to
clean your ass after you just shitted. Well, Mommy dear, I know you trained as a
ballet dancer when you were a young girl and you were a cheerleader in both high
school and college. I know you practice yoga and other related excises almost
every day. Your sexy body is very physical fit and quite flexible, and you can
stretch and bend easily to an amazing degree. In fact you can still do splits
and wrapped your legs around your neck effortlessly. So, my dear Mommy, all you
needed is an incentive to just stretch and bend a little further. I can see it
in your eyes Mommy, that you are starting to understand what I'm getting at
now." Bob stated.

I was astounded to find out that my son's natural solution to my ass cleaning
problem turned out to be. It was the ultimate depravity but oh so outrageously
erotic. My son was the devil reincarnated, only an evil genus could think up
something so despicable and depraved for his own mother to perform!

"I don't think it could be done, my master!" I said uncertainly.

"Oh yea, but I say it can be done and it will be done doggy bitch! This is going
to be an essential part of your toilet training, Mommy. You'll have to clean you
ass on the grass until you train your body to bend down far enough to stick your
head between your own crotch to lick you asshole clean with your own tongue! Is
that clear, my doggy bitch Mommy?" My son asked emphatically.

"Yes, my son, your doggy bitch Mommy will do it for you, my master, my owner." I
nodded my head slowly, and then said it out loud with determination and
conviction.

"That's my good doggy!" My son praised and patted my head.

"I'm sure it would be the most amazing thing to watch, the boys will be stunned.
I could even see you staring in a porno-movie titled 'Ass licking Mom'. You're
going to make me rich, Mommy!  By the way, once you accomplish this feat, I want
you to drink most of your pee directly from your urethra from then on. But in
the mean time, you'll piss into a glass and drink from it, or suck from a long
transparent plastic tube like a straw that would be attached onto the catheter.
I want to see the flow of your urine clearly along the tube from your pee hole
until it go right down your throat, my dear doggy slut Mommy!" Bob declared.

My body was shaking uncontrollably and I almost fainted by a series of
earth-shattering orgasms picturing myself drinking my own urine either from the
source or from a plastic tube, and cleaning my anus and my ass crack right after
I shitted with my own tongue! I could even suck on my own clitoris and drink
cunt cream from my own vagina if my son ever permitted me to. My son was
definitely an evil genius all right! What did you expect, such a sick puppy
could only have been spawned form the womb of a bitch doggy mother! And I vowed
that this bitch doggy mother will train real hard to accomplish such task put
forth by my darling son, my owner. An obsession began to take hold for me to
have my tongue reach my asshole as soon as possible!

My son led me by my dog leash crawling on my hands and knees like a dog back to
the living room. My pussy was leaking cunt cream profusely and a sponge was
jammed into it to absorb all the juices this time. Bob said he'll order an
inflatable dildo tonight as well as other stuff from the internet. He sat down
on the sofa and then ordered me to stretch out with face downward across his
lap, and my tender creamy asscheeks humped up into a prominent target. As I was
anticipating my very first spanking as an adult female by the hands of an
underage boy, my own fifteen-year-old son, my whole body shiver deliciously with
sexual arousal. My son raised his right hand real high and proceeded to spank my
bottom. His hand came down real hard on the tender supple flesh of my asscheeks
stingingly. I knew my creamy cheeks have turn all pink and red with fiery heat.
Bob switched hand and delivered another round of blistering strikes. My ass
cheeks turned into scorching mass of throbbing ache that hurt me dreadfully, and
I finally cry out in both pain and pleasure. My eyes were flooding with tears
while my body was convulsing and shaking in orgasms. When my son finally stop
the spanking, I almost passed out with physical pain and orgasmic pleasures. But
my pain ravenous body still hunger and craving for more pain.

"Please, more spanking, my master. Punish your slave mother, beat your naughty
little doggy bitch please, my son, my owner." I begged.

"Mommy, you insatiable pain slut, my hands are sore and tire from hitting your
doggy bitch ass so hard I need a break. I hope your tender bottom is not too
sore, because in just a while, I intent to continue to spank your luscious
bottom with a paddle first, and followed up by a cane and than a whip! Oh your
asscheeks look so flaming red; it's just too adorable for words, my darling
Mommy!" Bob exclaimed.

My son bended his head down and rained kisses on my painfully burning asscheeks
tenderly.

"Your asscheeks are red hot and delicious, my beautiful doggy bitch Mommy." Bob
cried out.

I was overjoyed that my son found my asscheeks so pleasing just after a
thoroughly spanking by himself! And I couldn't wait for him to use the paddle
and whip on my abused asscheeks, even though I knew it would be more hurtful and
cause more pain and damage to my already pretty sore tender bottom.

My heart was bursting with overwhelming love for my beloved son as he caringly
and lovingly stroking my aching asscheeks so soothingly after his kissed them so
softly and tenderly.

"While we're taking a break from your spanking, my dear Mommy, I want to tell
you about the next stage of your training. At first I intended to tell you this
after you have completed both toilet and obedience trainings, but you have done
so well and not only accepted but love being my pet dog now, and you have
performed so well at your toilet training the very first time. So, I might as
well inform you that the next stage will be animal training for you, my lovely
'doggy' Mommy." Bob declared with great satisfaction and after an intentional
dramatic short pause for his words to sink in, he continued.

"Mommy, I don't mean for you just to play with the animals, but mate with them
as well! My dear Mommy, you're my doggy bitch now, and bitches mate with dogs.
Oh yes, I'm going to train you to have sex with dogs and other animals too! And
once you're trained to have all your holes stuffed with huge cocks of three
dogs, I'll make you do it in front of my friends! Do you have any objections, my
doggy bitch Mommy?" Bob asked me confidently as if already knowing my answer
will be affirmative while continued to stroke my sore bottom tenderly without a
pause.

The thought of beastiality didn't shock me or even disgust me, I'm a doggy
bitch, my son's pet dog now. With just a little more training, I'll become
virtually a real doggy, and sex with animals should come naturally to me. I
surrendered myself completely to my son, body and soul and accepted my fate, but
I was quite certain that I'll be in good hands, and I trusted him with my life.
My under-aged son knew what was best for his adult mother, nothing he planed to
do to me will ever be too disgusting or offensive for me to perform with or
without an audience from now on. My son wanted to train me to fuck with dogs and
other animals, then I will not just obey his order but joyously to be trained
and to perform like a real animal, an obedient doggy bitch. The thought that I
will be fucked by many dogs in all my orifices at once, and even by other
animals in front of a roomful of people induced a series of strong orgasms that
wracked my whole body for a minute or two. 

"My dearest son, I'm your doggy bitch Mommy, and I want you to train me to fuck
with dogs and other animals so that I will be a performing doggy bitch for you,
I know I'll love it, my master, my owner." I answered with pleasure after my
orgasms subsided a bit.

"Good doggy! I see that you like the idea of fucking by animals, I just knew you
will turn out to be a real 'dog fucking bitch', my darling doggy bitch Mommy."
My son laughingly praised me and patted me on my head. He was delighted that I
have multiple strong orgasms as a result of being informed that I would be train
to have sex with animals!


My whole body was trembling with joy from my son's praise and patting. I was
really starting to crave for my son to call me a 'good doggy' and of his gentle
patting of my head like I was a real pet. By praising and patting me this way,
my son made me felt like that I was truly becoming his pet doggy for real. I
knew my son was using some sort of psychological conditioning on my mind almost
from the start, I didn't know where and how he learned to do it. But since he
was such a bookworm, I presumed he must have acquired the knowledge in some
psychology books. I might have resented his devious manipulations at first but
no longer. In fact, I was grateful for my son for doing it, for he was teaching
and guiding me to find my true self. And this was just one of his training
techniques, so that my son could train and transform his own mother into his
perfect pet doggy.

"Mommy dearest, since you reaction to my proposed animal training was so
favorable, I might just as well tell you what follows after animal training. I
told you your transformation was incomplete, and I wanted to take it just a
little further. Actually, I wanted to go as far as I could and your
transformation will be an ongoing and never ending process, Mommy. Your next
training program will be 'pony-girl' training, doggy bitch! And by the end of
the pony-girl training, my beautiful Mommy, you'll truly and practically
transformed into an animal for real. You'll become my most obedient doggy bitch
as well as my most hard working pony-girl! " Bob declared triumphantly but
didn't elaborate any further.

While I was waiting for my spanking to resume, I wondered what 'pony-girl' was
and what kinds of training will it be involved. Could it mean that I to be
trained to fuck a pony? 'Pony-girl', surly must be involved with animals, but
that should be covered by the animal training program. Well, I guess I'll find
out in time sooner or later. My son's assertion that by the end of my
'pony-girl' training I would virtually become an animal in every sense filled me
with delight and euphoria instead of dread. Well, I loved being trained to
become practically a real doggy for him even right now! I wondered what kind of
animal my son preferred me to become. With this obsession not only wanting but
actually began training me to be a real doggy bitch for him, I really believed
that my son's ultimate objective was to turn his own mother into an animal for
real, any kinds of animal! I had no doubt in my mind that after the end of my
doggy training, followed by the completion of my animal training, and then
finally, upon the successful conclusion of even more animal training afterwards
with my 'pony-girl' training; my son will accomplished his goal in the very near
future! Maybe it's just an interim objective since my dearest son told me my
transformation will be an ongoing and never-ending process. What heavenly and
thrilling endless adventures to look foreword to. My whole body was convulsing
and shaking with a series strong orgasms by the thought that my training will go
on forever under the most loving, and punishing (I preferred punishing) hands of
my son, my owner. I intuitively believed that my son wanted to train and
transform his own mother into all kinds of animals one at a time of course. I
really didn't mind that at all. I wanted to be what ever my son, my owner wanted
me to be, whether it's a little piggy with a big pregnant belly or a mooing cow
with huge milk-laden udders. I was absolutely certain that I'd love being a real
animal, any kinds of animal for my beloved son, my owner!

I'll think of pony-girl later, but right now, piss and shit and fucking by a
whole gang of dogs was all I could think of. I couldn't wait for my next toilet
training session and I was really looking forward eagerly for my obedience
training to commence tomorrow and my animal training to follow. First, I wanted
to be the best doggy bitch that I can be, then I'll concentrate on becoming what
ever animal my son wanted me to be. My only purpose in life now beside deliver
litters of my sons' 'puppies' is to perform like a well trained 'show dog' or
some other kinds of animal for my son. I wanted to impress and amaze his teenage
friends, as well as all of the members of varies deviant clubs that my son and I
will surely to join in the future, so that my son, my master will be very proud
of his obedient little doggy bitch Mommy. I only lived for my son's praise of
saying 'good doggy" and his gentle patting of my golden head like a real pet. 
But most of all, I only really lived for is the pleasures that I could bring to
my son, my master now. Oh yes, I finally knew the meaning of my existence, I was
born to give birth to my only baby son. And now, fifteen years later, my own
offspring, my beloved fifteen-year-old teenaged son, who in turn was ordained to
train and transform his birth mother, me into to his pet dog, a real doggy bitch
for him to breed, to use and abuse.  I won't ever want to go back to the way it
was, and I thank God for my beloved son, my owner, my master. This was the only
destiny for me, to be my beloved son's sex slave Mommy, his doggy bitch and
whatever animal he desired me to be for the rest of my life!



The saga of Bob and his mother will be continued in:



Chapter Three: The Wedding of a Doggy Bitch Mommy




Chapter Three: The Piercing, Tattooing, Branding and Modification of a Sex
slave/Doggy Bitch Mommy






I woke up in a haze the next morning. As I tried to get off the bed, I was
totally bewildered when I realized that I was completely naked without my usual
sleep-ware and I was restrained by a leash attached to a collar around my neck
to the bedpost. I became wild awake when I saw my naked young son sleeping next
to me, and then everything that had occurred in the last 24 hours came rushing
back to me like a tidal wave. A surge of unbelievable happiness almost
overwhelmed me as I felt my sore and tender bottoms still pink and crisscrossed
with at least two dozen red welt marks from last night's spanking, caning and
whipping by my son, my master. As I watched my handsome young son sleeping so
peacefully like an angel, I just couldn't imagine he was the same boy who had
harshly rained countless punishing blows and vicious lashes to the tender supple
flesh of my asscheeks last night. I just couldn't help myself as I leaned
forward and kissed my sleeping son tenderly on the forehead with motherly love.
Then slowly I kissed my way downward until my lips pressed tenderly against my
angle child's. I kissed my son on the lips lovingly at first and then with
increasing lust as I thrust my tongue inside his mouth. My son slowly awakened
by my lusty probing tongue in his mouth. He retuned my kiss by grinding his lips
to mine and suckling my tongue so hard as if he wanted to swallow it down his
throat. My son grasped my hair and forced my head down to his crotch and thrust
his enormous penis all the way down to my throat in one plunge and then
proceeded to fuck my mouth.

"Is this what you want? You horny bitch!" My son shouted, and then he was
fucking my mouth even harder. Just after a few more deep thrusts he ejaculated
when the mushroom head of his penis just lodged at the entrance to my throat, my
son's red-hot sperm spraying straight down to my stomach. After he finished
cuming, I expected him to withdraw his softening penis from my mouth; instead,
my son proceeded to urinate straight down my throat as well.

"Right down the hatch, my toilet slave! What a relief, and to think I don't ever
have to go to the bathroom first thing in the morning to pee anymore." My son
declared cheerfully.

I almost gagged as my son's acrid burning urine pouring relentlessly straight
down my throat. His fully loaded bladder quickly emptying into my bulging
stomach.

"Good doggy, I'm going to love waking up like this every morning with my devoted
doggy bitch Mommy to service me from now on!" My son praised me and patted my
head affectionately.

I was really happy that I had made my beloved son, my master happy and at the
same time received his sperm and his piss as my reward. I only wished the next
time my son won't ejaculate and piss straight down my throat thus bypass my
tongue, both his sperm and warm urine should be much more delicious and tastier
when I could savor them with me tongue.  


"Thank you my darling son for bestowing your grateful doggy bitch Mommy your
precious life-given seed and your delicious golden fluid to drink. It was my
greatest honor to service you, my master, my owner!" I declared thankfully.

"Well said, my doggy bitch Mommy."  My master praised me. And then he looked at
me lovingly and caressed my cheeks tenderly both as a son and a lover.

"A very good morning to you my beautiful Mommy. I love you. I'm going to love
sleeping with you at night and then waking up with you in the morning from now
on, my darling sexy Mommy." My son said joyously.

My heart was bursting with joy and love for my darling son. It was indeed a good
morning, in fact a beautiful morning. I wish I could wake up like this with my
beloved son, my master for the rest of my life!


We ate a hasty breakfast. While my son was fully dressed for school and eating
his food on the dinning table, I ate mine from a bowl underneath on the floor,
tied naked with a leash to the table leg by my dog collar. While we were having
our separate breakfast above and below the dinner table, somehow my son and I
maintained a steady but quite unorthodox conversation between us. He reminded me
to take care of my IDU and he would take me to the tattoo shop after he came
home from school. He French-kissed me good-bye and gave my naked and unprotected
sore asscheeks couple of painful smacks before his departed for school. I
cleaned up the breakfast dishes and did some house work all in the nude. Then I
took a shower afterwards. I was so glad that my considerate son, my master
recanted his order for me to clean my asshole only on the grass. Well, until I
mastered the technique of cleaning my asshole with my own tongue, it would be
quite impossible to clean a dirty asshole without hands and water after it was
pierced and ringed anyway. I went into my bedroom, now my son's room to put on a
very short low cut sexy black dress, white garter-belts, black nylons and a pair
of 4 inches high-heel shoes and nothing else, the clothes that my son picked out
for me. I was ready to see my Gynecologist.

My Gynecologist, Dr. Ann Taylor was an attractive petit brunette in her late
thirties. She stared appreciatively at me in my sexy ensemble and told me how
beautiful I looked. She was very surprised when she found out that I wanted to
remove my IUD she had replaced only two months ago. I told her I was getting
married and wanted to get pregnant.

"Congratulations, Susan! And how is your handsome son, Bobby?" She asked.

I knew what she really meant was how my son felt about my impending marriage.
She knew I was absolutely devoted to my son, and we were very close to each
other since his father's untimely death. I couldn't help but turned a little
pink with embarrassed excitement and told her glowingly that my son was
overjoyed about his mother's second marriage and totally approve of my future
husband. And it was absolutely the truth.

I was in position, laying on the examination table with my thighs wide spread
and my legs on the stir-ups. When Dr. Taylor sat between my wide spread legs
with a vagina spreader, I wondered what she would think of the whip and cane
marks on my thoroughly spanked pinkish asscheeks. I only hope she won't over
react and referring me to battered women's shelter right away or something of
that nature.

"How adorable and deliciously naughty!" Dr. Taylor exclaimed, and touched my
abused pink round ass tenderly and then traced my still slightly painful welts
delicately with a finger.

"The man you're marring did this to you, of cause." She said knowingly with a
smirk and then added, "Apparently, Susan, your new life-style agrees with you,
you dress sexier and you looked so happy and radiant, like a different person
since the last time I saw you. However, both as your doctor and your friend, I
have to caution you about such relationships. Can you trust this guy not to let
thing go out of hand?" Dr. Taylor said with concern but she seemed totally
comfortable about my submissive and masochistic sexual deviancy.

The uncharacteristic reaction to my abused buttocks by the usually
straight-laced and serious Dr. Taylor took me by complete surprise. But a very
pleasant surprise nevertheless, and got me to contemplate what all this could
possibly lead to. If Dr. Taylor seemed very delighted and thrilled for me being
spanked and whipped harshly by my future husband, she just might tolerate and
even accept the relationship between my son and me, without rushing to the
authority crying child sex abuse with the information!

Ever since I accepted and even embraced the fact that my son would truly and
definitely pierce, ring, tattoo and brand his own name on the most feminine
places on his own mother's body. I was worried whom could I go to for gyn.
problems in the future without exposing my sex slave Mommy status. And besides,
I really would need a good Gynecologist like Dr. Taylor to deliver litters of
incestuous babies I knew my son would definitely beget in his doggy bitch
Mommy's womb by impregnating me continuously with his potent seeds through out
the remainder of my child bearing years. Dr. Taylor and I always had a good
doctor and patient relationship; we even became casual friends. In the past, I
had never looked upon her as anything else other than my friend, the
Gynecologist, but no longer. And ultimately, Dr. Taylor might just be the answer
to my prayer. If I ever should need her services in the future, I just knew I
had to reveal my true relationship with my son to her sooner or later. I might
as well dropping a hint here and there right now.

"Ann, I trust him with my life. As a matter of fact, I have known him all his
young life. I love him with all my heart and I have no debt what so ever he
loves me just as much in return." I assured Dr. Taylor with passionate
assertion. I only wished I could tell Ann I was really talking about my own
beloved son.

"You sly bitch, so, he is a dominating young lover, yes?" Ann asked with a
smirk.

My tactic was working. I had a feeling that Ann thought my lover could be closer
to my son's age, or may even be a girl friend's son. Just what I hoped for, and
she seemed to be very receptive to my sexual subservience, may be I could press
even a little further without offending her.

"Yes, he is so much younger then me, and oh so masterful. My son was in on the
whole thing from the very beginning. He makes sure I'll be okay. And you knew my
son, and what a very sensible young man he is. So you see, there is absolutely
nothing to worry about, and my son will take very good care of me." I reassured
Dr. Taylor purposefully.

"What did you mean you son was in on the whole thing from the very beginning? "
Dr. Taylor asked with surprise.

I anticipated Ann would ask just that. So far I hadn't told her any lies, and I
didn't want to if I could help it. I only hoped that I won't reveal too much of
my secret, and Ann won't be too shocked or even repulsed by it.

"Well. . . Actually, my son had to know everything since my future husband was
training me to be his sex slave! And most of the time, I was collared and
leashed totally naked on my hands and knees crawling around the house and I was
often punished during the course of my training. And you have seen the evidence
on my asscheeks.  I told Bob I'm happier now than I ever have been in my entire
life and being a sex slave is all I wanted to be for the rest of my life. My son
raised no objection as long as I'm happy, and he is delighted and extremely
excited that I finally found what I was looking for. My darling son promised me
he would always stand by me and watch out for me."

"Oh wow! You really want to be a sex slave for the rest of your life? And all
these years I have known you, I never suspected. You're the last person I would
have guessed to develop or harbor such submissive tendencies. I have to meet
this young man who changed your life around and put such a radiant glow on your
beautiful face. You were always beautiful, but now, you're simply just
dazzling." Ann declared and looked at me obviously with desirously admiration.

"Thank you, Ann. I'm so happy now that I wanted to shout and dance for joy all
the time. My young man brought out the submissive and masochist penchant within
me, and I'll forever indebted to him and thankful to have him in my life. And
all of it couldn't have ever happened without my wonderful son's total support
and encouragement!" I said fervently.

"Susan, are you in actual fact telling me that young Bobby is really happy about
his mother being a sex slave? Did your son ever actually watch you crawling on
the floor naked? And has he witnessed your punishments too?" Ann asked me with a
smirk and a speculative leer in her eyes.

"I felt I'm truly blessed, to have a marvelous son like my Bob to look after my
well being. Well. . .he had to make sure I was treated right and no real harm
ever came to me. So he always participated in my sex slave training. Oh yes, my
darling son not only had led my by a leash attached to my dog collar, crawling
on my hand and knees totally naked, he also had spanked and whipped my ass many
times too!" I confessed my depraved incestuous behavior to Ann eagerly.

Ann was not shock or even surprised by my revelation. And what I saw was
contemplation and not condemnation on Ann's lascivious face. I was quite certain
now Ann won't have any problem regarding to the incestuous relationship between
my son and I, and even when it was the most immoral and perverted kind.  

With velvety sexy voice I told Dr. Taylor suggestively, "I am sure you will like
my very handsome young man, Ann. And we could have lots of fun together, you
know what I mean, my dear Dr. Ann!"

"It's really too bad I had to fly to East Coast tonight to start my vacation and
to attend a doctor's conference scheduled next week, and won't be back until
next month. But as soon as I got back, I'll call you to set up a date
immediately." Ann said regrettably, clearly unhappy about the postponement.

"You're definitely a juicer, aren't you, my lustful and randy Susan!" Ann
commented, obviously noticed my soaking wet vulvae after she redirected her
attention back to the job on hand.

Ann inserted the vaginal spreader slowly into my pussy until all ten inches of
the apparatus was totally imbedded in my vaginal tunnel then she opened the
spreader gradually. I felt my vagina expanded and stretched little by little and
then finally it turned into a giant gapping tunnel even a train could pass thru.
Suddenly, Ann pinched my prominently exposed large clitoris really hard, I
barely suppressed a loud scream that was about to escape from my mouth, but I
couldn't prevent my body from rocking into a strong orgasm and ejaculated my
feminine cum juice all over Ann's utterly surprised face.

"Oh my God! It's just too amazing! Susan, you're the only woman I know that
could ejaculate like that." Ann exclaimed, and then wiped some of my dripping
pussy cream off her face with two of her fingers. She licked her cunt juice
coated fingers clean and said,

"Mmmmm. . .Susan, your cum juice is really delicious, the best I have ever
tasted. And your clitoris is the biggest I have ever seen, and it's getting
bigger all the time! I have always wanted to touch and squeeze it, and it's so
sensitive and responsive! I have to punish you severely for cumming on my face
without warning like an undisciplined and untrained slut slave!" Ann exclaimed
maliciously.

Ann stuffed some cotton gauze in my mouth and then proceeded to punish me by
pinching and pulling on my visibly throbbing erect love button brutally.

My screams and loud sobs were well muzzled by the gauze in my mouth as Ann
squeezed and pulled my sore and tender clit harder and harder. She continued to
torture my sensitive and abused huge clitoris mercilessly, my whole body
convulsing uncontrollably, and I cried out again and again into the guaze with
pain and pleasure. Tears were streaking down my face and pussy juices spraying
out of my vagina profusely before I passed out from overwhelming emotions. When
I regained conscious, Ann told me with a well-satisfied smile on her face that
she had her fill with my most delectable cunt juice.

"I still can't believe how your clitoris could have grown so huge with just a
little pinching and squeezing! And how much sex fluids was coming out of your
cunt!" Ann exclaimed with amazement.

"What fun I could have with you if only we have more time right now, my little
slut slave. Did Bob really participated in all of your activities? Oh yes, how I
love to see you submit to your own young son! God, I wish I don't have to leave
tonight!" Ann said regrettably and then she showed me my almost brand new IDU
just removed from my cervix and told me I was ready for breeding now. I was
really tempted to tell her who was going to breed me. Well, she would find out
soon enough.

Before I left Dr. Taylor's office, she kissed me passionately on the mouth, then
she told me she had a most wonderful time with me, and that I was a most
remarkable pain slut. She only wished we had more time and really looking
forward to our next get together. I asked her to bring along the virginal
spreader, so my young man could enjoy looking deep into my widespread pussy. And
Ann suggested salaciously that my young man could also use the vaginal spreader
to explore my other more discreet opening. I blushed with embarrassed excitement
and purposely revealed to her the extent of my deviant incestuous relationship
with my son by informing her that my son would definitely love to use the
spreader to explore my other hole too. To my immense delight, Ann said that she
would also bring a uterine probe, a medical instrument with a miniature camera
fitted at the end of a long elastic tubing that could snake all the way pass the
cervix to probe inside the womb. The miniature camera could also transmit
crystal clear color pictures on to a monitor for detail examinations.

Then Ann looked at me leeringly with lustful eyes, and with the lewdest and
wickedest tone of voice she said, 

"Susan, I just know young Bobby will love the uterine probe even more. Although
the instrument is called a uterine probe, it can also be used to probe into
other bodily orifices and cavities as well!"

My body was trembling and shaking violently with an intense orgasm when I heard
the implications of the most perverse use of the uterine probe. And Ann had
actually suggested that my own son should use it to explore my rectal passage
was just too incredible. My cunt juices were dripping profusely down my inner
thighs. When Ann noticed rivulets of pearly drops of my cunt cream visibly
dripping down pass the hemline of my short dress, and she forbid me to wipe it
off.

"Wait till I get back, you perverted wanton bitch. Now, go out there and show
everyone what a cum leaking filthy sluttish whore you are!" Ann ordered

Ann smacked my asscheeks real hard couple of times and then she forced me out of
her private office into the crowded reception lobby.

I rushed out of the building in great embarrassment with Ann's shaming remark
still ringing in my ears. I couldn't wait to tell my son about Dr. Taylor and
her miniature camera. I knew my son would love to probe and explore the deepest
recess of my reproductive sex organ as well as the dark bowels of my shit tube
thoroughly. I just bet he would first expend my rectal passage fully with the
vaginal spreader, and then examine and inspect the inner most reaches of my
rectum with the uterine probe to observe how the shit was coming out of his
mother's asshole!

Bob took me to see Frank, the tattoo shop owner and the father of his 10th grad
classmate, Tony. I was very worried and even terrified for someone like a tattoo
artist to gain knowledge of the true situation between my son and I. I didn't
voice my fear to Bob, since I knew he was so determine to do this. But I did ask
him to be cautious. However, my son kept reassuring me that Frank could be
trusted. As long as we acted causally and behavior naturally on our first
encounter, and everything would be all right. Of cause we wouldn't tell Frank
everything that my son wanted to do to my body all at once. And if we sensed
that Frank was not receptive or even repugnant to some of my son's more extreme
objectives, he would have to postpone or even abandon them for now.  And if
worst come to worst, according to my son, I just had to put out a little for
Frank and maybe even for any other employees who's in on the secret and
everything would be all right.

There was nothing sleazy about the place, and not at all what I imagined a
tattoo parlor would look like. In fact, the whole establishment was very
high-tech and extraordinary clean. Frank put me at ease right away with his
courteous manner and friendly chats as he escorted us to his private office.
After I told him hesitantly with great embarrassment that I wanted to pierce and
ring my nipples and pussy lips, Frank looked at me intensely for a moment and
then looked intently at my young son who seated next to me. Not until Bob was
shifting in his chair nervously, Frank beamed his insightful eyes at both of us
with a knowing smile on his face. I instinctively knew Frank realized that my
son and I were having an incestuous relationship. I was alarmed but not panicky,
because I saw only understanding and even indulgence, without a trace of
condemnation on his benevolent genteel face.

Frank must have noticed the apprehensive expression on my face and said gently
to me with a reassuring smile.

"Your secret is quite safe with me, Mrs. Knight."

Even though Frank was a total stranger, but I instinctively knew that I could
trust him.

"May I call you Susan?" Frank asked me politely.

After I consented, Frank told us to call him
by his first name so that everyone would feel more comfortable.

"Is that all you wanted done, Susan? How about a tattoo or two on a discrete
location?"  Frank asked solicitously.

I glanced at my son in order to seek his guidance.

Frank looked back at my son keenly with heightened interest. To my amazement
there were both admiration and envy in his expression.

"I should have asked you that question instead of your mother, Bob, since you're
the dominating partner in your relationships. Last time you were here, I
remembered distinctly that you had shown an extraordinary amount of interest in
the computerized tattoo and laser-branding machines. You indicated earlier that
you have no intention of getting a tattoo or a piercing what so ever for
yourself, do you want anything else done to your mother?" Frank asked my son
directly.

Bob was caught off guard and totally surprised by Frank's remarks, and asked
Frank uncertainly.

"How did you figure out that my mother and I . . . I. .  ? I thought we acted
quite naturally, didn't we? I even had mother removed her dog collar before we
came here."

"Well, just lots of little things, like a gesture here and a look there. But
don't be alarmed, outwardly, you two looked very much like a normal mother and
son. I have lots of experience with couples like you " Frank answered, and then
he looked at me and said,

"Susan, as I told you before, your secret is quite safe with me. I have many
incestuous friends and I'm very discreet." After a poignant pause, Frank
continued.

"I have to be frank with you both, the minute you two walked into the shop, I
began to look for tell-tail signs of incest." He laughed at the predictable
shock and puzzlement on our faces. He smiled and looked at me intensely for a
moment and said,

"It was no mystery, Susan, you reminded me of another young mother who's in an
incestuous relationships with her two young sons. Actually, your resemblance to
her was really uncanny, just like you, she is also a sexy beautiful blonde about
your age and height. And even more incredible is that her name just happens to
be Susan too!" And then Frank spoke with some mystique, "Susan, I think you and
her have a lot in common."

"Frank, could you please tell me more about this other Susan?" I asked Frank
impulsively. Even though I hadn't even met this Susan, I already felt a strong
kinship with her. 

"I'm a very good friend of the King family. So everything said here are to be
under strict confidence. Outwardly, The Kings are the most normal and lovingly
handsome family. Last time I saw them it was about three months ago, Susan was
over the moon, she just gave birth to twin girls fathered by her oldest son
Mark, and almost immediately afterwards, she was impregnated by her youngest son
Tommy. I met Susan and her young sons through a tattoo artist friend of mine
about a year ago. My friend has done a most beautiful job of piercing, tattoo,
and even branding and other body modification on her all by the requests and
instructions of her two under-aged boys. They even had my friend pierced and
ring their mother's asshole as well as her pussy lips so that they could secure
her most private orifices with locks! The most amazing thing to me was the boys
looked like little cherubs not unlike your Bob here, only a little younger, but
they were actually training their mother to be their sex slave, and the little
rascals were only just thirteen and twelve years old then!" Frank said and there
was still a trace of amazement in his voice after all this time.

"I'm going to impregnate my mother again and again so that she is going to give
birth to many baby brothers and sisters for me. I also wanted to put locks in my
mother's asshole and I planed to do something very special to her clit too. My
beautiful mother already is my sex slave! And I'm training her to my pet dog!"
Bob boasted, apparently not to be out shine by two younger kids and threw
caution to the wind and divulged most of our darkest secrets!

At first, my face turned beet-red with embarrassment by my son's sudden
revelation, followed by some trepidation, but then a surge of extraordinary
happiness warmed my entire body. Finally someone, a relatively stranger knew
almost everything about the true relationship existing between my beloved son
and me.
   
Frank looked at my son intensely for a moment with amazement and disbelieve, and
than turned to me as if looking for confirmation.

"Yes, My son is my master, my owner. I'm his sex slave and doggy bitch." I
declared proudly and joyously, and then looked at my son worshipfully. There was
nothing to hide and I knew our secret was save with Frank no matter how
perverse.

Frank looked at Bob with wonder and awe, and then exclaimed with admiration and
some envy.

"I'm really impressed, Bob. You have apparently gone way beyond master and slave
play-acting in your relationship with your mother. You little rascal, you're
actually training your own mother to be your pet dog! I don't know how you
enslaved your mother, but you now have my highest esteem.
 
Frank praised my son by patting him on the back heartily and said deliberately,

"Bob, I don't believe those King boys have anything over you, but I do think you
guys have lots in common, and you might want to compare notes sometimes."

"Could we really meet with the Kings?" I asked eagerly. Just as Frank suggested
that our sons compare notes, I urgently wanted to compare notes too with this
young woman, my namesake, trained by her own two young sons to be their sex
slave.

"Of cause, but unfortunately the Kings are visiting Susan's older sister in
Canada right now, and won't be back for another month. As soon as they got back,
I'll arrange a meeting between your two families." Frank promised.

Frank's genuine admiration and his heart felt accolade must have gone to my
son's head, he was opening up to him without any reservation. I saw Frank's face
register more and more amazement as Bob told him more and more about what he
wanted to do to his mother. When Bob described to him in detail what and how he
wanted to modify my clitoris, Frank was flabbergasted.

"You really want to do that to your own mother's clit?" Frank asked doubtfully.

"Of cause! Can it be done? Do you think the rod will be enough to maintain my
mother's clit to about an inch in length and almost half an inch in width
permanently?" Bob asked.

"Can your mother's clit really be enlarge and lengthen to that extend? Frank
asked amazingly, and then added, "That I just have to see for myself to
believe!"

"Mom has an extraordinary large clit to begin with. Her clit is very sensitive
and responsive, and with a little stimulation the proper size and length I want
her clit to maintain could be easily achieved. You want me to demonstrate to you
right now?" Bob asked with confidence.

In no time, I was ordered by my son to strip and standing naked right in front
of Frank with my large erect clitoris exposed to his appreciative eyes. Bob
proceeded to manipulate and torture my sensitive love button methodically. The
whole process only took about five minutes; my clitoris became a giant bulge
protruding prominently from the top of my pussy slit resembling a miniature
penis. And all this time, I was moaning and groaning intercepted by occasional
screaming as my body was shaking and convulsing by waves upon waves of
mind-shattering orgasms induced by both excruciating pain and great pleasure.
Copious amounts of feminine cum juices were spurting out of my vagina
continuously all over my inner thighs and dripping down my long shapely legs and
on the floor. After a few more minutes of more clit torture, I screamed out
loudly as I ejaculated onto my son's hand. He seemed satisfy with the result and
released my painfully throbbing enlarged clitoris, and lifted his cum covered
hand by my mouth. When I was licking my own creamy cum juice shamelessly with
enthusiastically from my son's hands, Frank looked with awe at my lust consumed
face still covered with tears of joy and suffering.

"With more time and a little electrical stimulation, I could make it even
bigger!" Bob bragged.

"Wow, that was really amazing. Well, technically I suppose there shouldn't be
any problems. I could use laser for guidance to align all the holes and the slot
for the rod to pass through and lock in place. I have no doubt with an inch long
thick rod totally imbedded lengthwise from tip to root and a large gauge barbell
inserted widthwise at the base of your mother's clitoris will uphold the
structure integrity of the modified clit and thus ensure the permanency of the
new size and length. What I really have doubts about is that your mother's clit
would be filled with so much metal, the sensitivity and responsiveness of her
clit may be diminished greatly. And the nerve-endings may even be seriously
damaged to render your mother's clit totally inert! Are you sure you really want
to do this to your mother's clit? And of cause, you know that this procedure is
irreversible!" Frank cautioned. 

"I don't care; it's a risk I'm willing to take. I want it done!" Bob declared
emphatically. And then he said more calmly, " My darling Mommy's whole body is a
giant erogenous zone. She even cum when I just squeezed her nipples a little
bit, but when I spanked and whipped her asscheeks real hard, her cunt just
spraying out cum juices continuously!"

"Turn around, my doggy bitch Mommy, and show Frank your lusciously red bottom."
My son ordered.

I turned around and presented my thoroughly spanked and whipped buttock brazenly
for Frank's inspection.

"I punished her real good last night. Don't you think Mom's asscheeks look
deliciously appealing all red from spanking and peddling. I just loved putting
all those mean looking red and pink welt marks on her ass, and I think the
stripes really make Mommy's flawless smooth cheeks even more desirable. The
harder I hit her, the harder she cum, and she just kept on begging me for more.
You know, even when I tighten the dog collar around her neck the very first
time, Mom sprayed cum juices all over the place. My Mommy is a born sex slave
and a pain slut! The real reason I wanted to modify her clit to the size and
shape I desired is that I could lead her by her clit with a dog leash and show
my doggy bitch Mommy off to all my school friends! And of cause I just love the
idea that I could also fasten my sex slave Mommy by her huge love button! I have
a feeling that my mother's clit will be just as responsive if not more so right
after we modify it." Bob said convincingly.

"Frank, look at the bitch, her cunt is pouring out more cum cream for being
ordered to show her whipped ass to you!" Bob said sardonically and then barked
an order to me, "On your hands and knees, my doggy bitch Mommy, and spread your
asscheeks wide apart!"

I was both embarrassed and extremely excited at the same time from being ordered
by my son to spread my own asscheeks and showing my wide-open asshole to Frank.

"Don't you think Mom's delectable asshole will look ever more wickedly alluring
pierced and ringed with a couple of locks in it! It shouldn't be any problems
right? You told me the King boys have put locks in their mother's asshole." Bob
asked with just a slight concern.

Upon close assessment and inspection of my asshole, Frank declared it's one of
the most beautiful looking asshole he had ever seen, and my anus ring was quite
large and set in a deep indentation between my ass crack just perfect for
piercing and ringing!

"Oh my God, she is trembling with orgasms and spraying cum cream again with only
a slight touch to her asshole. I see that the issue of diminish sensation or
even the possibility of inertness to your mother's clitoris isn't quite critical
now." Frank exclaimed with astonishment.

Wrack! Wrack! Wrack! Suddenly, my son spanked my ass really hard a few times.

"Bad doggie!" Scolded my master, and then he ordered me harshly, "Clean up your
mess at once, doggy bitch Mommy!"

I knew my son simply wanted to show Frank how much power and control he had over
his submissive slave mother. And I wanted to make my son, my master proud of me.
So I immediately lowered my head to the floor and struck my ass way up in the
air proudly. And I started to lick up all the large and small puddles of my
feminine cum cream on the floor where I stood and kneed. After that, I even
crawling all over the office to find and lick up all the scattered droplets of
my pussy juice.

"Frank, I'm so sorry that my doggy bitch Mommy slut is splashing and dripping
pussy juices all over your office." Bob apologized to Frank facetiously while I
was doing his bidding.

"Good Doggy!" My heart filled pleased embarrassment when my master praised and
patted me on my head like a pet dog after I licked up all of my cum juices from
the floor.

To my absolute mortification and disgrace, even before my son finished patting
me on the head, a strong shivering pleasure like a lighting bolt jolt through my
body, I ejaculated again. Large quantity of aromatic creamy feminine cum juice
was spraying from my love tunnel splashing on the floor right between my legs. I
lowered my utterly humiliated red face to the pussy-cream splattered floor once
again and proceeded to clean it up swiftly with my tongue.

"Mommy, you're such a sloppy sluttish bitch! If you do that again, you'll be
severely punished. Frank, don't you think my darling Mommy is turning out to be
a real good obedient pet dog. But she needs lots more training though! As you
can see, she is not very disciplined, and has a very loose trigger as well as a
leaky pussy." My son declared pretentiously to my great embarrassment and
humiliation.

"I have never seen or heard anyone else could ejaculate like that except Susan
King. I'm even more amazed is the fact that your mother can ejaculates so often
and cum so much all the time!" Frank exclaimed with wonder. After a poignant
pause, Frank acknowledged with enviously admiration to Bob,

"I'm getting more and more jealous of you for possessing such an exceptionally
beautiful sexy young woman and the fact she is also your very own incredibly
submissive mother makes it even more perversely desirable, thus even more
enviable. Oh yes, my young friend, you're indeed to be envied by every
hot-blooded American. Hell no, even by every men in the world to be the sole
owner of such an extraordinary womanhood, a combination of beautiful sex goddess
and sluttish whore!" 

"Thank you! I know Frank, and I thank God everyday for my good fortune. I love
my mother very much. I'm going to take very good care of my darling beautiful
Mommy, my very own doggy bitch!" My son declared passionately.

I looked at my beloved son with worshipful eyes while he was alternately
stroking and patting my blonde hair tenderly as a loving son for his mother as
well as a caring master for his pet dog. My son bent down and kissed me very
tenderly at first and then passionately. Frank looked on and smiled indulgently
at the most improper kiss between a mother and her son. 

"Bob, I do have a solution here that will solve the problem of your mother's
leaky pussy." Frank informed Bob and showed him a small device after my son
finally lifted his mouth from my well kissed swollen full lips.

"This is called a vagina cap, and it will seal any vaginal opening tightly, one
size fits all. The cap has a build-in miniature air pump, and this little knob
here inflates the imbedded rubber tubing around the ridge of the cap. As you can
see, more you turn the knob this way, the rubber tubing will inflate more thus
seals any size pussy hole. Let me demonstrate for you with your mother's
vagina."

I was standing again with thighs wide spread. Frank placed the vaginal cap just
inside the entrance of my vagina opening, and had my son turned the inflation
knob gradually. I felt the rim of the cap swelling and pressing against my
vaginal walls. Frank told my son to stop turning the knob just when I felt the
pressure around the entrance of my vagina almost to the point of unbearable.
Frank showed my son how to test the effectiveness of the seal and adjustments
for air pressures.

"This device is just perfect for the job! I was thinking of using an inflatable
dildo, but now I don't think it will work half as well as this vaginal cap
here." Bob said happily.

"Oh, this little device is even better then you think. It even comes with a tap!
You probably wonder what this little round thing in the center of the cap was,
well, it's a trap door. Once you screwed the tap in the round hole like this,
the trap door will be pushed open. And presto, you have an instant pussy juice
dispenser!" Frank declared triumphantly.

"This is really an ingenious little gadget. Just what my cum dripping Mommy slut
needs! It sure looks wickedly delightful in Mommy's pussy, with only the little
brass tap sticking out from between her puffy outer pussy lips while the cap
remain totally hidden.  May I keep this one in her now; I hate to see my Mommy's
delicious pussy juices being wasted anymore. Of cause I would pay for it later."
Bob said happily.

"Just from the intoxicating aroma of her sex fluids, I bet your mother's pussy
juice must be scrumptious. The vaginal cap is on the house, in exchange; I would
love to have a glass of your mother's delectable pussy juice." Bob bartered.

"You have a deal!" Bob promised.

With the vaginal cap snugly in position with the tap attached, my body was
quivering with orgasms when I realized from this moment on, my sex fluids could
be easily captured and collected by my son. I physically felt my pussy juices
were readily being trapped and collected even at this very moment inside my
sealed vaginal tunnel. If my sexual stimulations were to be maintained at this
heightened level, I knew Frank wouldn't have to wait too long to have a full
glass of my pussy juice to drink.

"The vaginal cap is really a nifty gadget; I want to buy another one from you
just for spare, Frank." Bob requested.

"No problem, I have quite a few on hand. I'm selling it directly for the
inventor. I think it will catch on, it's getting really popular among certain
circles. And I plan to mass-produce in the near future. Do you know a young girl
invented the vaginal cap a year ago when she was just fourteen years old! Her
name is Sidney, and she invented the device so that she can dominate her own
mother and collect her mother's pussy juice!" Frank said to Bob.

"I would love to meet her! Did she train her mother to be her sex slave too?"
Bob asked eagerly.

"She and her mother indeed has a mistress and slave incestuous lesbian relation,
but not to the extent of either you or even the King boys' level. I'm sure their
situation could change drastically if she has more contact with the likes of you
three boys!" Frank said jocosely with a smirk.

Then he looked at my statuesque naked body admiringly and said to me directly in
quite a while since the last time.

"Susan, you are a breathtakingly gorgeous young woman, with the little tap
sticking out from your pussy slit, you look even more sinfully desirable. Please
sit down, we still have a few things to discuss."

Before I could sit down on a chair, my son shouted,

"Doggy sits!"

I complied immediately by kneeing on the floor with back straight and chest out,
and then set my ass down on my heels.

"Good doggy!" My master praised and patted me on my head. When he put his
fingers on my lips, I proceeded to lick and suck my son's digits with slavish
devotions as if I was truly his pet dog upon giving the most precious gift, a
bone. Then I looked at my son, my owner with utter adoration and affection.

"You sure got your mother well trained!" Frank exclaimed with both admiration
and envy. He was truly awed by the extent of my submissiveness and devotion to
my son.

"By the time I'm finally finished training her, Mommy will become a real doggy
for me to own!" My son declared smugly.

"Bob, you can't be serious! Are you really going to train your own mother to be
a real dog for you?" Frank asked unbelievably.

"Of cause! Don't you think my beautiful Mommy will make a wonderful 'show dog'
after she is well trained. Before we go home from here, we'll stop by a pet
store to pick up a couple of doggy bowls and some dog food for my Mommy. And I
want her to try on a new dog collar before the custom designed one could be
ordered. Frank, do you know where can I have a platinum or silver dog collars
made? And I want a thick gold chain for a dog leash to go with the collar. I
also want to make a doggy tail for my doggy bitch Mommy too! I thought of using
some real animal fur to fashion into a tail and glue it to a large butt plug. Do
you think it will work?" Bob asked hopefully.

Frank was taking aback considerably by what my son just said. The implication
was crystal clear; my son was really going to do the unthinkable--turning his
own mother into a dog for real. Frank turned and looked down at me intensely
with disbelieve. What he saw on my face was only elation and joy of embracing my
destiny. And after contemplating for a few moments, a most salacious expression
appeared on his benevolent face.

"My beautiful submissive Susan, I would enjoy tremendously seeing you totally
naked, collar and leashed with a doggy tail implanted in your ass and eating
real dog food on your hands and knees from a doggy bowl on the floor!" I
shivered again with orgasms as Frank declared lecherously to me and then he
continued,

"Susan, the little girl who invented the vaginal cap you're wearing is so
angelic and beautiful, just as your young son and the King boys are all looking
so virtuous and handsome, but all of their mothers are ended up sexually
enslaved by them. Wasn't it amazing, these young persons all seem to be most
innocent and pure, are all turn out to be most wicked and perverted little
mother fuckers! Susan, I definitely have to kowtow to your young man, who has
the galls not only turned you into his sex slave, but also training you to be
his real pet dog even right now!" After a poignant pause, Frank continued,

"Susan, There is no doubt in my mind that you're consenting to everything that
your son is doing to you, without any coercion and force on his part. I know you
are not only in love but worship and devoted to you son completely." Frank
turned and said to my son, "And Bob, I believe you too love and care for your
extremely submissive mother, although in some twisted and abnormal ways." Frank
smiled at both of us and said, " I knew both Sidney and her mother real well,
and of cause I know the King family even better. I have seen the strange
relationships worked out beautifully between parent and offspring in both cases.
That's why I wasn't even outraged by what went on between the two of you, and I
have no doubt you will be very happy with your lives." And then Frank's tone
turned serious.

"Bob, I know how desperately you wanted to show off your beautiful mother to
your schoolmates. You couldn't wait for me to finish all the work on your
mother. You're just yearning to parade her naked by a leash attached to her
modified huge clitoris so that you can boast to all your friends that you owned
every inch of the most submissively desirable mother in the whole school if not
the world! Aren't I right, my young ignorant friend. And you, the ever loving
and subservient mother will only eagerly let you son displaying you like a 'show
dog' for all to see without a second thought!" After a very short pause to gauge
our attentions, Frank continued gravely,

"I'm sorry to burst your fantasy bubble with a dose of reality! The fact is Bob;
those high school friends of yours are the loosest big-mouthed cannon on earth.
Oh, you probably would tell me you'll make all of them swear on the Bible to
secrecy. But the reality is that there is always someone who would let the
secret leak out unintentionally or even deliberately. And then there are those
who couldn't wait to broadcast it to the world because either they are envious
of you or simply just want to boast to others if they had scored with your
mother! The problem you know is because none of them has as much to lose as the
two of you if the authority ever found out what's going on. Can you imagine if
some teacher even gets hold of a rumor that you're training your mother to be
you pet dog! The consequence probably will be worst them death for both of you.
So heed my warning, Bob; don't tell any of your friends. Promise me, okay! I
hate to see your lovely mother go to prison."

"I promise." My son promised solemnly with utter dejection.

And I knew he'd keep his promise for he was a very levelheaded young man. I
always knew the danger of ever letting my son show me off to his friends, but I
simply just ignored the consequences. I only thought about pleasing my beloved
son and for being the object of my owner's great pride and joy. I also wanted
all his teenaged friends to know I was really proud to be my own son's sex slave
and doggy bitch! Suddenly, I felt bereft. I was so looking forward to the
marriage ceremony to my beloved son and now it will never take place.

"You're both really fortunate to have come to me first and not to the other
tattoo places! Who knows what could have happened after you told them what you
want to do to your own mother, Bob!" Frank declared horrifyingly. 

"I know we are lucky, Frank. But you were always my first choice, and I had a
feeling that I could trust you. Ahhhh. . .Frank, do you think we could at least
joint some of the BD/SM or other sexual deviant clubs advertised on the
Internet? " Bob asked hopefully.

"Now, Bobby, don't you even dare thinking about joining any club that's
advertising on the Net or anywhere else! You have no ideas what unscrupulous
people runs the clubs, you and your mother might be blackmailed to perform
despicable acts against your wills and ended up providing free entertainment for
their patrons or worst!" Frank warned alarmingly. And then he relaxed and even
smiled mockingly at my son and said,

"I imagined it might just be some of the same despicable things you have already
done to your mother! But with her total consent of cause." After a pause, Frank
continued.

"Bob, when I told you that you could never tell your young school friends, I
didn't mean you can never tell anyone. You certainly can tell the Kings or
anyone who's in an incestuous relationship, folks like that will safeguard your
secrets because they have just as much to loose as you! And now, Bob and Susan,
I think it's the right time to reveal to you that my whole family also practice
incest. Tony has been fucking fuck his mother since he was thirteen years old!"
When Frank noticed the surprise on my son's face, he said meaningfully to Bob,

"Oh yes, he never told you or any of his friends! In fact, my son and my wife
are so in love with each other now, his mother is more of a wife to him than to
me. Don't be sorry for me though, I'm very happy with my darling twelve-year-old
Jenny. We belong to this exclusive incest club, so are the King family. I'm
pretty sure you would want to join too. Our club has approximately one hundred
members made up by about forty families right now and expending rapidly. The
majority of the members engage in what you could call straight normal incestuous
sex and only about 20 % practice some sort of BD/SM with a close relative. Bob,
I know you'll be delighted, after you and your mother became members, you can
then display your mother like a 'show dog' to your heart's content! But you must
tune down your heavy stuff such as whipping and other more perverse behaviors
when minor children are present. And the really good thing about the club is
most members are very board-minded and non-judgmental and no one or any family
has to join in any swapping or group activity. So for some members, the club is
just a place to be social and meet like-minded people. The membership
understandably is very exclusive and stringent. Even with my recommendation and
vouch that the family resemblance between the two of you is too strong for any
doubt that you're definitely very closely related. However, your background will
still be checked thoroughly to make sure you're indeed what you say you
are--mother and son. A copy of your birth certificates and a few recent color
photos of you two in some type of sexual acts will also be required along with
the application form." Frank informed us.

"How long will it take before we become members?" Bob asked eagerly with
excitation. I was also thrilled and relieved that my son and I didn't have to
hide from the whole world, we can safely reveal our true relationship at least
to the people of this incest club. And the marriage ceremony just might take
place after all!

"I'll give you the application forms to fill out before you leave here. It will
take about three to four weeks after you provided me with all the necessary
items I mentioned." Frank said.

"Oh, that's just perfect! I probably have my doggy bitch Mommy well trained by
then!" My son exclaimed excitedly, and then asked Frank, " How long will it take
before you can finish all the bodywork on my mother?"

"Well, before we proceed any further, I want to know Bob, are you absolutely
sure you really want everything to be permanently installed in your mother's
body?" After acknowledged my son's emphatically nodding of his head, he
cautioned, "Just remember, once a ring, barbells or other body jewelry pierced
and installed in your mother's nipple or pussy lips it will be forever, and
never be able to take out again!" After a short pause, Frank continued, "I have
most of the items you specified on hand, and if you don't like or fancy what we
have in store, we'll search for the exact pieces you want from the catalogs and
then order it from our exclusive European suppliers. Of cause the rod and the
barbells needed to maintain the structure permanency of your mother's modify
clitoris along with the gold rings, all need to be specially designed and
manufactured by a lab. If there are no unforeseen problems or ordering delays, I
think I could finish the job in about a month." Frank acknowledged.

"I want to place a three-carat diamond on the end of the rod so that after the
entire rod is imbedded in mother's clit, the diamond will be the crowning jewel!
Can you do it here or it has to be done by the design lab." Bob asked.

"Wow, three carats! I think it'll best for me to handle it after the rod and
other stuffs came back from the lab. I know a jeweler who could do it." Frank
said.

"That's great! We could then go over to your jeweler and select the diamond.
Nothing but the best for my beautiful darling Mommy!" My son declared while
looking at me with pride. 

My heart was bursting with love and adoration for my beloved son, my master!

Frank lead us to the displaying cases, and pointed out the sections for the
permanent rings and said to Bob,

"Everything you wanted is made of space-age graphite-titanium metal ally,
hundred times stronger than steel. The ring designs are outstanding and
innovative, way ahead of its time, and just as well that we won't see anything
better coming along at least in another 20 to 30 years. And the body jewelries
and charms we carry are just exquisite. Bob, I showed you the spring fitted
rings before, once the ends wedged together they formed permanent enclosed
circles, and the threads of the barbells can be epoxy so the balls will be
permanently in place." After a short pause, Frank reminded my son once again,
"Please select and choose with extreme care Bob."

As we walk along the displaying cases, Frank and Bob discussed the merits and
purposes of various body jewelries such as ring sizes, gauges of barbells on
display. The brilliant multi colored balls of the barbells fascinated Bob, Frank
told him they are Lucite balls and very popular for tongue piercing and the
colors glowed in the dark. When my son heard that, he wanted my tongue pierced
with baby blue color balls to match my baby blue eyes. And he also wanted
hot-pink colored balls for the barbells in my clit too so that he won't have
problems locating my love button in the dark as if that will ever be a
possibility after the enormous transformation of my clitoris literally. I was
never consulted while Bob picked up numerous gold rings of different sizes and
designs �nd other items intended for my most feminine and intimate openings. I
never once felt any resentment, on the contrary, I felt thankful that the rings
my son selected so meticulously would give him pleasure once installed
permanently in my most feminine places, even in my asshole!

After the catalogs were searched and orders were placed, Bob asked more advices
regarding to my dog leash, dog collar and doggy tail, as well as such things as
vibration dildos, butt-plugs and even bondage and discipline paraphernalia!  Due
to the relationship with my son, and the highly unusual and the most intimate
nature of my body piercing and modifications, Frank would do everything himself
and scheduled all the works in the coming weeks to be done after closing hours.
He told us since we're going to be club members; he was going to give us a 20%
discount on all services and merchandises. And in return, my son offered all my
services free of charge excluding my pussy for now.

"My mother is unprotected right now, and I want to father all her children!
Frank, please feel free to use her other two holes until I have my bitch
obviously breeding." My son told Frank unequivocally.

In celebration of the conclusion of a good business deal, the tap on my vaginal
cap was turned on like a water faucet. My vaginal tunnel was fill to capacity
and to the amazement of Frank, my sex fluids--a mixture of aromatic cunt juices
and cum cream were flowing from the spout not only filling two tall glasses but
with more of my sex fluids remaining untapped.

While my son and Frank were savoring my delicious pussy juices, I had male
penises planted in both ends, Frank was fucking my asshole and my son was
fucking my mouth. Even though I loved my own son's huge pole slamming into my
rectum much more than Frank's ass fucking. Nevertheless, the added excitement of
knowing all my body piercing and modification were to take place very soon, and
also the fact that I was ass fucked by a man I just met in the presence of my
son put me over the edge. I cum into my sealed vaginal tunnel again and again.

That night, my son was like a fucking love machine; I lost track of the number
of times he fucked me in all three of my orifices! But each and every time he
always pulled out either from my mouth or my asshole so that he could solely
deposited his blistering hot semen in my pussy. His thrust was so forceful, so
that with every stroke his shaft always touched the inner most reaches of my
vaginal tunnel. And then just when his was about to cum, he always gave a most
violent final plunge, I felt the head of his enormous penis lunging through the
tiny opening of my cervix and lodged all the way deep inside my womb. I swear I
even physically felt the bulging head of my son's sex organ as it emerging from
the neck of my uterus and spraying spurt after spurt of his viscous creamy semen
into the center of my reproductive organ--my womb! I sensed that the walls of my
womb were coated thickly at first with creamy semen and then my fertile chamber
was gradually filling up with millions upon millions of my son's potent
life-giving sperm cells. Every time, I climaxed with my beloved son
simultaneously often with multi-orgasms, and I imagined and even sensed that one
of my eggs was penetrated by and mated with one or more of my son's energetic
wiggling sperms. As we were really in tune with one another, each time just when
he was ejaculating deep inside my womb, my son was shouting confidently that he
was impregnating his sexy Mommy now or fucking a brother or sister into his
beautiful Mommy's flat belly right now. But most often and repeatedly my son
yelled out enthusiastically that he was breeding his doggy bitch Mommy right
now! I had no idea how often I cum or how many orgasms I had, the numbers must
be astronomical! I was delirious with joy and happiness. I felt very confidently
too that my son indeed had planted a baby in my womb that very night just right
after my IDU was removed!


By the time my son was too exhausted to fuck me any more, my womb had sucked his
sperm laden balls totally dry! He must had cum bucket-full, my womb and my
vaginal cavities were filled to capacity and over flowing with his potent baby
making sperm. The bed sheets were soaking with our combined sex fluids! The
vaginal cap was put in place to stop the leak and seal all my beloved son, my
owner's potent seeds inside my birth chamber in order to facility the very first
of my frequent incestuous pregnancies.

All the piercing except my clitoris were done by the first week. I now sporting
permanent gold rings in my nipples, both inner and outer pussy lips and even in
my asshole. And a pair of the most charming little silver bells was put in each
of the smaller gold ring before it was enclosed forever hanging from the tip of
my nipple. My tongue was double pierced and two large gauge barbells, one with
blue and the other with yellow Lucite glow balls were inserted permanently into
my delicate pink tongue! Except for my tongue and anus piercing, all other
piercing were relatively painless and fast with the laser. The searing heat from
the laser beam cauterized the puncture holes so the healing was relatively quick
and free from infections. And the rings were inserted immediately after each
piercing. My inner pussy lips were only pierced with a small gold ring each. But
my puffy outer pussy lips were each pierced with four large gold rings inside
and secured tightly with four small beautiful designed gold-plated locks with
only the brass tap of the vaginal cap stuck out within the tightly enclosed
puffy pink lips. My asshole was pierced with four small gold rings spaced evenly
around the perimeter of my anal ring. Although my asshole was still unsecured,
but was almost always sealed by a large vibrating butt plug. Two tiny but strong
expensive custom made locks were ordered for my asshole.

All my tattoos were completed by the end of second week. It was done the old
fashion way, by tattoo needles and colored inks but with computer guidance.
Although the puncture wounds were minuscule, but tattoos was more time consuming
and substantially more painful than piercing with the laser. But I loved it much
more though, particularly when it was administered to the soft creamy skin of
the under-curves of my large breasts and the most tender and delicate pink
tissue of my inner pussy lips. Even though I enjoy the experience, I wished my
son would  brand my delicate inner lips along with my bulging outer pussy lips.

My brandings followed immediately where my tattooing had left off. I was both
thrilling and fearful about it at the same time. And as it turned out, laser
branding was no more painful than laser piercing. I wanted to experience the
pain of being branded, but all the areas marked off for branding were
anesthetized just beforehand to ensure that I was motionless during precision
branding. There was only a minimal smell of burning flesh. And the most delicate
task was the branding of the softest and most tender tissues of upper-curves of
my creamy breasts and my pink and puffy outer pussy lips. A special healing
ointment were applied to all branded flesh immediately afterwards to make sure
all cauterized tissues were to heal faster and smoother. 

Ever since the brandings healed completely three day later, I just couldn't help
myself from tracing the indentations incessantly which formed the letters of my
beloved son's names branded deeply into the flesh of my breasts, pussy and
asscheeks!

On the upper swelling curves of my right breast, My son's first name 'BOB' was
seared into flesh of the breast to about one millimeter in depth, and the words
'SLUT SLAVE' were tattooed onto the creamy soft skin of the under curves of the
same breast.  In a similar fashion, my son's last name "KNIGHT" was branded into
the upper curves of my left breast and the words 'DOGGY BITCH" were tattooed
onto the under curves of the same breast. My son's first and last name were also
branded vertically about one millimeter in depth into the permanently denuded
delicate pink flesh of my right and left puffy meaty outer pussy lips
respectively. The same words, 'SLUT SLAVE' and 'DOGGY BITCH' had been tattooed
on the soft under-curves of my breasts, were also tattooed onto the delicate
tissues of my left and right inner pussy lips respectively, only this time
vertically. About half an inch tall and in capital letters, the words "PRIVATE
PROPERTY OF" were tattooed just above my tailbone, and these words were very
artistically bordered by tattooing in barbwire-like fence that had the
appearance of a signpost. And just beneath the 'sign-post', in inch tall block
letters, my son's first and last name were branded, this time about two
millimeters deep into the unblemished soft alabaster skin of the upper curves of
my right and left ass cheeks respectively.

The brandings were then coated with bright red and orange incandescent colors
that glowed in the dark. Anyone would be able to read my son's name on the most
feminine and private places of his own mother's naked body clearly from a great
distance, either from my front or my back and no matter it's day time or night
time! And just above my permanently denuded pubis was an eloquently tattooed
outlines of a voluptuous big breasted figure of a woman on her hands and knees,
collared and leashed with a tail between her ass. My name, 'SUSAN KNIGHT' was
tattooed inside the figure to denote it's representation. And right underneath
the figure were the words: "Sex Slave/Doggy Bitch" tattooed in black ink, and
right underneath that, in slightly larger capital letters: 'MOMMY', was tattooed
in blood red color almost right on top of my soon to be modified clitoris.


The inch long pencil thick graphite-titanium rod finally arrived by the end of
the third week with a brilliantly cut marquise diamond bonded to one end, along
with the rest of my clit-modification ensemble. My large clitoris was first
stimulated by hand and then with electrical charges until it enlarged and
elongated to about half an inch in thickness and just over an inch in length.
Frank stuck a syringe in my now enormous clitoris and plumped 2 cc of Lidocaine
inside to render it totally numbed within a few minutes while still maintaining
it's size and shape for permanent modification. After my clitoris was careful
measured and marked, all the lateral holes were pierced with laser beams, first
with the bigger hole at the base of the clit for the barbell. Then two more
identical sizes holes for the thick gold rings, one in the middle and the other
close to the tip of the clitoris. According to Frank, the most critical part was
drilling a hole quarter inch in diameter dead center from the tip and straight
down along the entire length of the inch long clitoris just deep enough to reach
the base but not beyond!

"The advantage of the laser beam technology will be so apparent especially for
such a large hole I'm about to make. As it pierces and penetrates deep into the
flesh of your mother's clitoris, the laser cauterized the fresh wound at the
same time." Frank stated.

Frank explained to us step by step as he worked on my clitoris. He told us that
once the lengthwise hole was made, the structure support and maintenance metals
for my clitoris and the decorative jewelries could be fitted right away. The
shaft of the barbell was inserted through the hole at the base of my clitoris
with the locking slot face up and centering the rod so that equal amounts of
thread-lined ends were protruding from both sides of my thick clitoris. Next, a
very thick gold ring about half an inch in diameter with a hole large enough for
the rod to pass though was inserted into the middle hole. And then the smaller
but equally thick ring fitted with a pair of silver bells inserted into the hole
near the top of my clitoris. After the holes of both gold rings and the locking
slot in the middle of the barbell were all lined up precisely, the rod was
slowly and carefully inserted vertically down the center of my rigid clitoris.
The multi-grooved end of the rod passed through the holes in the bands of the
gold rings all the way down and firmly lodged in the locking slot of the
barbell. The entire rod was totally imbedded inside my clitoris now with only
the sparkling diamond conspicuously atop my lengthened clitoris. After making
sure everything was properly in place, Frank got a firm grip on the diamond and
gave the rod a strong push and a forceful twist. A faint click was heard
ensuring that the rod had been finally and irreversibly snapped into place and
permanently anchored by the barbell inside my clitoris forever! After that, the
ends of each gold rings were wedged together individually to form two enclosed
circles permanently inserted and hanging from my clitoris. And finally a pair of
hot-pink glow balls was permanently screwing onto each end of the epoxy coated
threads of the barbell shaft protruding from the base of my clitoris. The
permanent modification of my crown jewel was complete!

After my son filled two tall glasses of my cunt juices by just turning on the
tap of my vaginal cap; I felt a great relief of the painful pressures exerted on
my grossly over-capacitated vaginal tunnel. Frank suggested that I should have a
drink to celebrate with them for the completion of my bodywork and for being
such an outstanding trooper. To the amazement of Frank, there was enough cunt
juice still remaining in my vaginal tunnel to almost fill the third glass. All
three of us made numerous toasts with my cunt juices, and mostly were to Frank
for a job well done. And my modified huge clitoris forever unobstructed and
relentlessly protruding straight out from the top of my pussy slit was also the
object of many happy well-deserved toasts. My newly sparkling bejeweled modified
crown jewel was indeed a sight to behold. And to our collective relieved, the
responsiveness of my modified clit was gradually coming back.

Afterwards, they doubt teamed me. I lay on top of my son with his huge penis
buried to the hilt in my pussy, while Frank slowly shove his penis into my
asshole. It was a wonderful and strange feeling to have two penises seesawing in
and out of both of my holes only separated by a thin membrane and particularly
when one of the penis belonging to my own son. But the most amazing feeling was
the continuous rubbing of  my son's penis along the length of my love button.
Because of my custom-built clitoris had a much more extensive reach now, it was
like a 'giant' female penis constantly in touch of my son's huge male penis as
it plunging in and out of my vagina. What a great joy to discover that my
clitoris still had feelings after it was filled up with so much metals. I looked
down at my son's handsome sweaty lustful face, my heart overfilled with love and
passion for him as a mother and a sex slave. I embraced him as tightly as I
could with all the love in my heart and I rained passionate kisses all over his
endearing young face as I overcame by multiply orgasms. Frank withdrew his penis
from my rectum and came around to the front. My son flipped me over without
breaking our joining. He was pounding my pussy with urgency while I cleaned
Frank's shit streaked penis only a couple of feet away from his intense laboring
face. My son gave a final lunge and forced his entire penis crown spear headed
deep into the warm chamber of my uterus, and just as he was ejaculating his life
giving sperm directly into my fertile womb, Frank deposited every drop of his
semen into my wide open mouth. It was so thrilling to have my son watching me so
closely swallowing another man's semen down my throat.

My permanently modified, pierced, ringed and bejeweled enormously huge clitoris
was perpetually prominently protruding form the top of my constantly locked up
pussy slit was now my pride and joy. My son loved my new and improved crown
jewel so much, he spend lots of time playing homage to my enormous clitoris by
fondling, stroking and squeezing it at first, then he licked and sucked on my
stiff love button like a Popsicle. And finally, he swallowed my entire clitoris
rings and all into his mouth and bathed it with his copious saliva. And during
all this time, I just kept on quivering and shaking incessantly with non-stop
orgasms. Instead of becoming less responsive or even worst as we fretted at
first, my modified clitoris, to our great surprise, turned out to be even more
sensitive and quicker to respond than ever before. And now, instead of clipping
a leash to my dog collar, he clipped the dog leash to the middle large clit ring
and leading me around the house and backyard by my modified huge clitoris most
of time now! I couldn't even began to describe the overwhelming emotion and
sensation surging through my body as my fifteen-year-old son leading me on a dog
leash, his own birth mother by her enormous clitoris.

My son decided he wanted me to be totally naked at all times from now on while
at home. He didn't want any article of clothing to distract or hinder the
glorious displaying of my piercing, tattoos, brandings and other body works.

When my custom designed dog collar along with my new dog leash were made and
shipped to us, my son removed the old leathered dog collar and put the new
collar snugly around my neck and locked it with a padlock. He clipped on the
leash to my new dog collar and paraded me around and around the house either had
me walking behind him as a slave girl or crawling in front of him on my hands
and knees as a pet dog. My son loved the looks of my new gold chain-linked dog
leash so much when it was clipping on to my enormous clitoris, he wanted my clit
to be leashed at all times. He even considered attaching my new dog leash to my
clitoris permanently!  Furthermore, when I wasn't fastened by my doggy collar to
some fixtures, he wanted to fasten me by my clitoris.



Bob said he would order an identical silver chain-linked dog leash for my
silvery platinum dog collar right away. And then both my graceful slender neck
and my modified huge clitoris would then be fastened at the same time to some
designated 'hitching posts' around the house and in the backyard, such as the
table legs, bed posts or even the fence by the flower beds. Until the silver
leash arrived, my gold leash would only be unclipped from my clit when my son
wanted to lead me by my collar. When I was not being led around or fastened
either by my clit or my neck, my golden dog leash was always attached to my
clitoris and pulled between my legs from behind. My son always pulled the leash
very hard to create a strong tension until my perpendicularly erect clitoris
bent downward at least into a 45-degree angle. Then the leash was lifted between
my asscheeks with such force the chain-links of the leash wedged firmly in my
ass crack to render a golden thong-like appearance! And finally, the golden
leash was wrapped tightly around my waist couple of times to maintain the
tension on my clitoris. When I went out, my golden dog leash was pulled out from
under my dress through a small-reinforced opening in the back of the dress and
then wrapped around my waist like a fashionable decorative belt!

My son never removed the new dog collar off my neck ever since he put it on and
secured it with a silver padlock, and I had to wear it wherever I went just like
my dog leash now. Fortunately, the new wide-band shimmering platinum dog collar
resembled a designer choker, and for the undiscerning eyes, that's exactly what
it is. Even though my dog collar had a large brass ring in front for my gold
chain-linked dog leash to clip onto and a small silver padlock on the side, to
the general public, it was just a new style or an outlandish fashion statement.
However, every time when I walked down the aisle of the supermarket with a
shopping cart, or anywhere in a public place with or without my son, I was the
center of attention. Well, with the revealing sexy clothes picked out by my son
to put on my voluptuous body, and the eye catching shimmering platinum dog
collar around my neck, I knew I made a spectacularly appealing picture. Even
though Bob still kept insisting that branding his name on his own mother's
breasts was not against the law. I was so glad that my son listened to Frank
that we had to be more circumspect, so that my street dresses and blouses were
not so low cut nowadays after the branding of my breasts. But the scooping
neckline of this dress was still low enough to allow partial glimpses of my
son's name branded prominently on the upper tender swells of my breasts.
However, the bouncing and undulating of my large breasts under the dress and the
poking of my constantly erect nipples against the fabric of the flimsy dress
enlighten everyone that I was clearly braless. One could occasionally even make
out the faint outlines of the rings pierced through my nipples. And now, my
ensemble in conjunction with the nonstop ringing of the silver bells in my
nipples and clitoris with every little movement I made and each step I took no
wonder I drew all the attentions wherever I went. If only the on-lookers knew
the very fetching and fashionable gold chain-linked belt I wore around my
24-inch waist was actually my dog leash, and it was in fact fastening to and
pulling on my huge modified clitoris strongly at all times underneath my short
dress, I would definitely be mobbed! And how I loved the feeling of possessing
such perverse and decadent secrets! I was so glad that my pussy was always
sealed with the vagina cap now, otherwise I would be so disgraced and
embarrassed for constantly leaking cunt juices down my legs. And I would
definitely be mortified when my feminine secretions were dripping directly from
my vagina right onto the floor and left a slippery trail behind for everyone to
see!   

I felt in love with my new doggy tail the moment my son showed it to me, it was
the most lifelike furry tail affixed to a huge vibrating butt plug. He also
showed me my brand new gold dog tag, beautifully engraved by him. On one side,
my name, 'Susan Knight' was engraved in the center of the tag, the letters were
large enough to be clearly readable from several feet away. And at the bottom
the words, 'sex slave/doggy bitch Mommy" were engraved in very tiny letters,
could only be legible by extreme closely scrutiny. On the other side of my dog
tag, my son's name, 'Bob Knight' was engraved in the same fashion as my name.
And at the bottom the tiny words, son/master/owner were engraved. The tag had a
short gold chain with a small ring at the end, after he open the slit of the
small ring a bit and fitted inside the brass ring of my collar, my son then
soldered the slit shut. Now, my engraved dog tag will be forever hanging down
from my collar to the base of my neck. I told my son I would always be proud to
wear this dog tag.

 My son was very satisfied with his own accomplishment. And To celebrate the
occasion, he said it's time for me to be a real doggy. He opened the locks in my
asshole and then secured the two small locks on my middle clit ring for
safekeeping, and put the key back in the gold chain around his neck where the
keys to the locks in my pussy and my dog collar were kept. My son rammed the
butt plug deep into my rectum until it was enclosed completely by my anal ring.
With only the furry tail visible, it looked like I did indeed had a real doggy
tail growing out of my anus!

"My darling Mommy, you have a doggy tail now, so you're a a real doggy now!
Until I remove your doggy tail, no more walking, or speaking, and only crawling
and barking like a real dog, understand my doggy bitch Mommy?" Bob shouted.

"Yes, my master, my owner. Your doggy bitch Mommy understood."

Even before I finished I thought was a most appropriated answer, half a dozen
viciously stinging slaps rained down on my tender asscheeks!

"Bad doggy! Bad Bad doggy! What did I tell you? No more speaking! Now, my doggy
bitch Mommy, do it right this time, or you'll be whipped severely." My son
threatened.

"Woof! Woof!" I barked timidly.

"Bark louder, and wag your doggy tail, my doggy bitch Mommy!" My owner ordered.

"Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!" I barked loudly while wagging my doggy tail with
tremendous enthusiasm.

"Good doggy!" My son praised me and patted me on the head.

"From now on, always wag your tail when you bark, my doggy bitch Mommy,
understand!" Bob asked.

I barked and wagged my doggy tails thus happily earned more praise and patting
from my beloved owner.

My son unclipped the dog leash from my clitoris and reattached to my dog collar.
He opened a can of dog food and dumped the content into one of my doggy bowl and
filled the other one with water and set both doggy bowls down on the kitchen
floor under the dinning table. I was crawling on my hands and knees with bells
ringing in my nipples and clitoris, and my doggy tails wagging between my ass
crack, as my son led me by the leash around the kitchen a few times and then
finally in front of the doggy bowls. I was feeling more and more like a real dog
as I ingested real dog food only with my mouth and lapping up water with my
tongue from the doggy bowls quite resembling a real dog. My son poured a glass
of my chilled pussy juice, and sat down by the table drinking my pussy juice and
watching me contentedly. He often praised me by saying 'Good Doggy', and 'What a
nice doggy you're Mommy', while jerking on my leash and then patted my head.

"My doggy bitch Mommy, do you enjoy your dog food?" My son asked me mockingly.

I barked and wagged my doggy tail in response.


"That nice, my doggy bitch, because you're going to eat dog food at least once a
week! My darling Mommy, I finally got myself a really nice doggy now, just what
I have always wanted. I just knew it, my doggy bitch Mommy, you have the makings
of a really fine 'show dog'. I couldn't wait to show you off to the club
members!" My son declared with joyous impatience.

I was so overwhelmed with emotion for looking and performing so much like a real
dog for my son, I almost believed I had indeed became a real dog at that moment.
I was shaking uncontrollably by waves upon waves of orgasms; huge amounts of my
feminine cum cream were ejaculating continuously into my sealed vaginal
cavities. I had never cum this fast or this much when not engaging in any form
of sexual activity with my son or not being physically punished by him. I didn't
know why I was resenting and even resisting my son's effort to train me to be a
real dog for him at first. Now, I had a craving for being a real dog for my
beloved son, my master, my owner. I would even eat dog food every day from now
on, if not for the fact that I needed nutrition for the production of my pussy
juice for my son to drink. I had no idea how my son knew that his mother would
love to become a real pet dog for him, but I'll never have any misgiving about
what my son wanted to do to me in the future. I'm quite convinced now, more than
ever, that my underage son knew what's best for his adult mother! I was thinking
with just a little more training by my son, I truly believed what a marvelous
'show dog' I could be for him to display and show off. This was my destiny!



The saga of Bob and his mother will be continued in:
                                   



Chapter Four: The breeding of a Sex Slave/Doggy Bitch Mommy



                         coming soon....


Comments and suggestions are welcome.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  King


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





