BDSM Library - Escape for Passion




Escape for Passion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Always considered himself a sex expert who had seen them all, he simply couldn't forgot this girl and had to take her with him.
Escape for Passion by LouisHoney (Hetero sex, D/s, S/M, B/D, Shaving, Toys)


This is a book of fiction.
It is adult in subject matter.
If you are not at least 18 years old,
DO NOT READ IT!




Part I

Chapter 1A - Judy's need for Sid.

"Oh Goooood!" sighed Judy as she slowly lowered her slick pussy walls 
down around Sid's turgid tower of flesh and felt the wide head 
spreading the walls of her pussy channel all the way up into her body. 
It was as if she were sliding down a long pole of pleasure as the waves 
and spasms of joy rippled around her cunt lips, over her clitty and up 
into the very depths of her being.

"That feels sooo good!" she hissed between clenched teeth. "I've been 
waiting for so long for this, you teaser."

And she had. He had teased and tantalized her and withheld this big 
stick from her for almost an hour this morning as she slowly aroused 
from sleep and then got further excited as he manipulated her elongated 
nipples and her slobbering cunt and clit.

She was particularly pleased when he eased a fat finger up her ass with 
very little lubrication. It was so tight and felt so big with the 
friction of entrance, that she thought she could cum just from that 
alone. But Sid wouldn't let her. He knew all of her erotic signs and 
spots and he played her like the fine sex instrument that she was.

He got her so hot that she felt like she would burst wide open from 
excitement if she didn't get his prick into her right now! In the end 
she was mewling like a kitten and begging him for release. Finally, he 
had relented and she was kneeling above his upright tower of flesh on 
the bed about to stuff her hungry, drooling snatch with the pleasure 
instrument they both knew she needed.

"Just wait 'till you get it all in honey, then tell me all about it," 
Sid said through clenched teeth as she sank verrrrryyyyy slowly down 
his shaft. The slick walls of her pussy were wetting and frictioning 
against every inch of flesh on his prick. This set off a mountain of 
sensations that threatened to blow his wad up into her, prematurely.

But Sid held on and fisted the base of his prick and stopped her 
downward motion. She sat very still with his prick half in her and half 
in the vise like clamp of his own hand. As she waited, the juices from 
her dripping pussy coated his fist. When he had once again regained 
control, he allowed her to continue her slippery journey down his big 
fuck stick.

She dropped her whole body down onto his hard, flat muscle rippled 
stomach and felt the end of his prick slide home into the end of her 
cunt. Then she immediately tightened her pussy muscles to give him a 
love squeeze like he had taught her. Moans and groans of lust filled 
the room as Sid felt the love squeeze and tried to divert his mind's 
attention away from sex and into something less apt to make him cum. He 
couldn't do it and it thrilled her to think that she was in control of 
her Master's orgasm.

"Oh, yeah!" he exclaimed as she methodically squeezed his prick and it 
soaked in her dripping snatch. Then she tensed her thigh muscles and 
rose about three inches off his prick and dropped down again. "That's 
nice." he said through clenched teeth again, "but you'd better take 
care that I don't come too soon."

"Yes Master, but if you come too soon, I'll make you hard again. I know 
I can. But just to save us both a bit of strain, I'll relax and let you 
tell me what we're going to do next." She said as she collapsed across 
his hairy chest and tried to melt into his skin with her tits crushed 
into his pecs and her arms around his neck.

"Well, hum... let me think of a good way to make you come that we 
haven't tried in a while," said Sid while he tried not to feel the 
still pulsing pussy as it gripped his prick from a new angle. Judy 
loved feeling his tumescent manhood lodged up inside her and as her 
passions rose, her love squeezes became automatic and began fluttering 
up and down her vaginal canal.

Finally, Sid had to do something or cum just from her squeezing so he 
said, "Let's try this for a change," as he rolled over on top of her 
and grabbed her ankles and pulled them up over his head. Then he 
slammed his prick in as deep as it would go and ground his torso into 
her pubic bone and stimulated her clit with his hairy pubes while 
keeping the stimulation to the head and shaft of his prick to a 
minimum. As he pulled back for another slam, he pushed her legs down 
toward her chest and put both of her knees on either side of her pretty 
face.

All of this semi-rough treatment was OK with her as she did crave the 
feeling of being used and pleasing her Master. She wanted to please him 
and she knew that he wanted her to orgasm, so her orgasm meant that he 
would be happy with her. Making him happy was a very large part of her 
life and she wanted to do so at every opportunity.

Of course, she also knew that he liked to do it hard and that pleased 
her and made her even more horny for him. The doubled up position just 
gave her that safe and secure feeling she got when she knew that her 
Master was in complete charge of her body. She trusted him to hurt her 
so good as to make her cum without hurting her more than she could 
stand.

The next slam home in her pussy took her breath away and smashed 
directly into her clit. She saw stars and the room began to swim around 
and around. She let out a groan and tried to take in air as he pulled 
back for yet another heavy inward thrust into her squishy quim. The 
heavy pressure at the back of her bent-double vaginal canal was 
beginning to cramp a bit and the slamming of his pubic bone into hers 
with her clit in between had her juices rolling and her pussy lips 
swelling with both excitement and anticipation of his bruising force 
and power over her.

"More, harder, deeper, Oh Master I like it... a lot!" she groaned and 
grinned up into his leering face as he came down hard again. Although 
it was uncomfortable, it satisfied a deep seated need in her to give up 
all of herself to her strong Master while having sex. It made her very 
happy and very horny to please him.

"OK, if that's what the lady wants," said Sid and he rose once again up 
on his toes and her legs to slam back into her cunt as hard as he 
could. He knew from experience over the last year and a half of 
screwing this girl that she would go absolutely nuts from a good hard 
screwing in this position. He pushed her ankles even higher and forced 
her knees well above her head. This served to put her into a tight ball 
with a certain amount of strain on her pussy as it stretched around his 
moving prick and flattened her enlarged clitoris.

"Again, like that! Oh yeah! Push it in harder! That's it, screw the 
daylights out of me! Hurt me with that big bone of yours! Yessss! I 
Love it! Keep going, I'm almost there!" she said with ever increasing 
volume in her voice. Judy now could feel her body responding on another 
level to the pain/pleasure his deep forceful screwing was having on 
her. She was nearing her ultimate climax and did not want to be denied 
that goal any longer. Sid did not disappoint her.

Sid pushed at her again and felt the telltale tingle start in his balls 
that told him his own climax was soon to start. "Get ready slave, I'm 
gonna fill you with my cream soon!" said the fast moving thirty-five 
year old stud. "Here it comes Baby, Get ready for me now!" he panted.

"Oh yes Master, I can feel it way up in me pumping and cumming and I'm 
off tooooooo!" she screamed as she reached her climax and started 
twisting her tightly balled body to thrust up to meet his every 
pounding entrance into her slick pussy. As his come started to pour 
into her, her tightly clenched pussy started throbbing and gripping the 
base of his firmly embedded prick and massaging the entire length of 
his large manhood. Sid strained into her to the maximum depth and Judy 
convulsed around his rigid pole as she quivered in the throes of one of 
her deepest orgasms ever.

They hung like that for what seemed a long time as he pumped his thick, 
warm cream into her hot, tightly clenching pussy hole. Like a statue of 
two lovers forever locked in the throes of eternal ecstasy. They 
finally collapsed with his prick shrinking and sliding out of her as 
her legs were released and dropped to their natural position down 
beside his.

Both were breathing hard and feeling each other's heartbeats in counter 
rhythm inside their chests as he lay resting on top of her. Pressing 
down on top of her. Giving her that feeling of being confined that he 
knew made her feel so secure after a strong orgasm.

Judy liked the feel of his weight on top of her as she began to relax 
and think back to the last year and a half with Sid. As he drifted off 
to sleep, her mind wandered back to when she had met Sid.


Chapter 1B

Judy had just turned eighteen and was working as a whore in a suburban 
house with Renny and his wife Dora. They had picked her up at the bus 
station and taken care of her and taught her a new trade. Well it beat 
letting her step-dad have a go at her for free and beating her up 
afterwards like he had been doing for three years before she ran away.

She remembered that Sid had been just another John like so many others 
but she had liked his looks and manners when they had first been 
introduced by Dora. She had done her best to service his needs to the 
best of her abilities and had apparently succeeded in impressing him. 
He had impressed her as he was careful to see that she enjoyed herself 
also. So many men did not.

She remembered that she had gone down on him to get him hard. He was 
fully dressed and she was naked. Dora had just left them in the spare 
bedroom and she walked up to him and deep tongue kissed him just to 
break the ice. Then she let her hands slither down his back and 
buttocks and around to the front of his shirt and slacks.

As she unbuckled his pants and let them drop down his muscular thighs, 
she noticed with approval that he kept himself in great shape and 
seemed to have a washboard under the skin of his flat stomach. As she 
worked back up the buttons of his shirt and let it slide up and over 
his broad shoulders, she noticed the ripple of muscle across his chest 
and upper arms. He smelled of nervousness and faintly, of fresh manly 
sweat.

He caressed her brown, soft hair as she knelt at his feet to remove his 
shoes and socks and lowered his shorts. She then gazed admiringly at 
the stout hard-on that proudly jutted up from the juncture between his 
legs. She grabbed the shank of his prick and rose tugging him along to 
the bathroom sink and said, "Now, let's give that big boy a bath and 
see if I can't find something constructive to do with him."

Sid seemed to expect this behavior as all whores that he had been to 
were careful about dirt and cleanliness before a fuck. When she had the 
water to a tepid temperature, she made a sexy game of soaping up a 
cloth and washing and rinsing his prick and his whole groin area. Then 
she ran the wash cloth around his buttocks and into the ass crack to 
his anus where she spent a bit more time than was necessary to just 
clean it.

The rinse washcloth was almost as much fun to Sid as she tried to 
remove as much of the soap suds as possible from his prick and ass. He 
knew that the real reason she spent so much time rinsing was that she 
could get sick from eating too much soap and the thorough rinse was an 
indicator that she would spend quite a long time with her mouth on his 
prick and ass.

When the wash job was over and she spun him around and knelt down until 
her mouth was at prick height, she scooped up his prick into her mouth 
and began sucking and licking for all she was worth. That's when he 
realized that Renny or someone had really worked well with this kid to 
teach her how to properly suck a cock.

She warmed the prickmeat in her mouth for several minutes just getting 
used to the texture and flavor of it and sliding her tongue across the 
corona and the sensitive underside of the crown. Then, before he got 
desensitized, she switched to light little lovebites along the shaft 
nearer his pubic bush.

These lengthened into long tongue strokes that led into her sucking 
along the side of his shaft as she slid down to cover his balls with 
her open mouth and fast, licking tongue. After the tops of the balls 
were laved, she dropped on down to the sensitive undersides of his 
balls and lifted him up and back by the prick. He stumbled backwards 
onto the bed on his back to give her more room to play.

He lifted his legs up into the air and she started kissing and licking 
her way down to the crack in his ass. With both hands, she parted the 
small orbs of hair-covered buns and inhaled the aroma of soap and man 
shit and sexiness that she loved. She let herself go and dived nose 
first into the grotto of his hind end and began stroking all around his 
ass crack with her tongue.

She reached up with one hand and began gently fondling his balls and 
with the other she began to jack his prick shaft back and forth. As he 
let out a few soft moans of pleasure and lust, she dug her toes into 
the bottom of the bed to gain leverage to stick her tongue ever deeper 
into his ass crease and gently lave his anus. As she got deeper into 
his ass, her lingual digit gently pried apart the now relaxed hole and 
she began to tongue fuck his ass hole while still stroking his balls 
and prick.

Sid had been all over the world and fucked many women, but none had 
ever affected him this way! This girl-woman had his head spinning and 
his prostrate pumping before she'd ever stuffed his prick into her 
vagina! Incredible! As a rich and sophisticated sexual dilettante of 
many years, he thought he'd seen it all, but she really was the best 
he'd ever had. "So far" said Sid to himself, "Let's not get carried 
away just yet." he further cautioned himself.

Judy felt his prick begin to ooze love juices and start to twitch and 
jump in her hand. She knew she had him on the brink of orgasm and could 
have ended their session right then. But she was horny and wanted to 
get a little fun out of this one for herself. So, she suddenly grabbed 
the base of his prick and squeezed it almost as hard as she could while 
raising her head up and pulling his legs back down to a normal position 
with him on his back on the bed.

She then knee-walked up the bed alongside his body and while still 
squeezing tightly on his prick she said "Now, let's not get off too 
soon, you might miss the main event."

"OK," said Sid, "Just hang on to junior for a minute more so I can 
control him."

Realizing that Sid had almost lost control and was still dangerously 
close to cumming if she let go, she decided to strike up a non sexy 
conversation with him to ease his mind off of his sexy situation. "What 
do you do for a living?" she asked.

"I'm a rich sex freak who likes to find new and different pleasures. I 
don't have to work, but I do spend many an hour in pursuit of sexual 
gratification because I enjoy it," said Sid with as straight a face as 
he could muster.

"Well, that certainly sounds interesting," said a totally disbelieving 
Judy who figured that line of questioning wouldn't get his mind 
anywhere but back on sex.

"What do you do when you're not having sex?" she tried, as she 
desperately clamped down against the vessels in his raging prick base. 
She had better do something quick, or the prick in her hand was going 
to get off just on the base pressure she was applying. So she leaned 
over and casually pinched one of Sid's nipples between her fingers as 
hard as she could to try to further distract him. Unfortunately, her 
actions caused the opposite reaction in Sid.

"Ouch! Oh, GOD! What are you doing? You bitch, now you've done it!" 
moaned Sid as he arched his back to get away from her tormenting hand, 
but the prick in her hand began twitching in a paroxysm of orgasm that 
was just not to be stopped. "Oh, girl, you really know how to turn a 
guy on, don't you?"

Judy didn't realize that Sid, in his sexually heated up condition just 
needed any small stimulus to push him over the orgasmic edge. What she 
had intended to do was stop his cum, but instead she had brought it on. 
However, due to the tight grip on the base of his prick, no jism was 
coming out the end of his prick and the pressure in his balls and 
prostrate gland was torturing him in a most delightful way.

Figuring that she'd better help him make the best of his cum, she 
quickly dropped her mouth down around the head of his prick and 
released the death grip she had on the base and began stroking him up 
and down. No sooner did she let up on his prick with her hand than the 
shaft quivered and shot a large wad of thick, hot, bitter man juice 
into her mouth. She had trouble swallowing it all like Renny had taught 
her and a small amount of cum dripped out the side of her mouth to 
lubricate the hand that was flying up and down his prick shaft in firm, 
smooth strokes.

Sid had come once with her holding onto his prick and twist- pinching 
his nipple, and now he came again, harder than before as she lowered 
her child like mouth over his charging corona and stroked his shaft for 
all it was worth. He came over and over until it actually hurt to come, 
and then he came hurting again and again. It was the most incredible 
blow job he'd ever experienced in his thirty years and one he wanted to 
repeat soon!

He laid back exhausted on the bed and tried to cache his breath. Judy, 
meanwhile, had let go of his prick and crawled up his chest to grin 
apprehensively at him and ask, unnecessarily, "Did you like that?"

"Like it? ... It was wonderful! I've never felt anything so incredible 
in all my life. Not even drugs could top this!" Sid replied as the 
specter of a brief bout with addiction to hard drugs raised it's ugly 
head and he stomped it back into the recesses of his mind again. He was 
through with those personal experiments and did not want the memory of 
those horrors to spoil the fun he was having now.

Sid reached down and picked up Judy's upper torso by the armpits and 
dragged her body across his to place a delicate kiss on her lips. "Now, 
I'm going to return the favor if I can," he breathed into her left ear 
as he slowly lowered her weight onto his chest and abdomen and rolled 
over on top of her.

"Oh, you don't have to do that, after all, you did pay to get your 
rocks off, not mine," Judy reluctantly reminded him.

"Well, let's just say that I never leave a lady wanting," Sid muttered 
as he slid his tongue into her ear and tickled the inner recesses so 
that Judy shivered and goose bumps raised all down her left arm and 
leg. "Besides, It's fun," he finished.

"Oh, I hoped you'd say something like that," sighed Judy as she relaxed 
in his arms and he rolled her over onto her back and wound up above 
her, "'Cause I've gotta cum sooooo badddddd!" she slowly drawled as he 
moved his hand up to gently cup and caress her left breast and nipple.

He slowly slid his hard body across her slender, naked, body to lightly 
kiss all over her face, neck and down to her breasts. He spent several 
minutes on each mound of woman flesh, gently biting and nibbling and 
licking the nipples and the flesh around the aureoles. Judy's tits felt 
pleasure tingles all the way down to her cunt and she lubed up even 
more than before. In fact, she felt several drops running down her cunt 
crack to her asshole.

Then he left a slimy trail of saliva down her chest, between her tits 
to her naval and sent shivers and goose bumps along both her arms and 
legs when he washed this orifice out with his tongue. She sucked in a 
deep breath and held it as he continued to tease and tantalize her 
lower belly flesh without tickling her as she might have expected.

The goose bumps returned as he made his way down her happy trail of 
fine abdominal down to the top of her pubic mound. She groaned and 
opened her legs as he trailed his tongue around her thighs and over the 
top of her cunt. Anticipation was killing her and cunt ooze was 
flushing out with great abandon.

"You've got the sweetest smelling little cunt I've ever tasted," he 
said, "it's going to be a pleasure pleasuring you." Then he lowered his 
tongue into the furrow of her cunt, carefully avoiding all contact with 
her clitoris. The crack was already wet with her love dew and leaking 
even more juice, indicating it was ready to receive him.

She groaned again as he licked up and down both sides of her cunt lips, 
pausing to take each one into his mouth and suck gently on each side. 
Then he moved up to her engorged clit and lightly swabbed his tongue 
over and around it until it stood up like a miniature prick. She almost 
came when he touched her. Her anticipation had been building for a long 
time and when he touched her, her excitement ratcheted up another two 
notches.

Next he covered her clit with his mouth and used his tongue to swirl 
first one way around her clit and then back the other way. This nearly 
drove her wild. She began to come and shake and shiver 'til he almost 
lost control of her. She had never been made love to like this before! 
All of the men she'd had before were only interested in getting their 
own pleasures and she had seldom cum with a client. She realized that 
she was in the hands of a master cocksman.


Chapter 1C

As Sid slowed his tongue action down and she quit cumming so heavily he 
leaned back onto the dilapidated bed and rolled her over onto her 
stomach. He said "I paid Renny for your ass. Did he tell you?"

"Yes," she answered, in a hushed voice, "but I've never had it up there 
before."

He said excitedly, "Don't worry, I'll be gentle. I am surprised that he 
didn't try this with you himself?" he asked.

"Dora won't let him touch me there. She thinks it's perverted and only 
agreed to letting me take it up the ass because of the money," she 
explained.

"His loss is my gain. That's a very pretty ass you've got there girl. 
Is it as talented as the rest of you?" he said as he leaned over and 
began stroking it gently with his strong hands.

"Since I've never tried it up there, you'll have to tell me, but please 
be gentle. I am a little scared because you're so big and I'm so little 
back there," she said as she squirmed her ass cheeks under his gentle 
manipulations.

As she was talking he had been kneading her buns back and forth and up 
and down to try to get her to relax. It was working. He could feel the 
girl's muscles go slack and her body became more loose. Every time he 
opened her small, hard little asscheeks, her anus would wink redly at 
him.

It was time for a bit more action and he moved his thumb a little more 
toward the center of her ass crack and put it lightly over the asshole. 
Excited woman-juices were running freely out of her cunt and he moved 
his other thumb down to that well of lubrication and slowly sank his 
largest digit deeply into her slimy pussy. He stirred it well and was 
rewarded with her moan of pleasure and a wiggle of her hips as she 
tried to get more of his thumb and the rest of his hand into her. In 
spite of multiple orgasms, she was still excited with his manipulations 
and began juicing again.

When he'd gotten his thumb thoroughly lubricated, up to the second 
knuckle, he transferred it to her asshole and pushed gently into the 
softness of her bottom. "Oh, that feels so different, ugh... and good," 
she sighed in a low and sexy whisper. "Just go slow and I think it'll 
be all right."

Slowly he sank his slippery digit into her hot and, by now, horny hole. 
She groaned all the way. Then he began to work it in and out ever so 
slowly. Deeper and deeper with each thrust he was moving it back and 
forth in her slimy shit chute. The unique feelings were giving her 
thrills galore.

As he was doing this the fingers of his other hand were busy stroking 
her pussy and clit in a rhythmic action that had her on the edge of 
climax almost immediately. But just as she would approach the edge of 
that abyss of ecstasy he would slow down or move off of her clit 
altogether.

It was a very frustrating experience, but it was a wonderful sort of 
torture that she really liked. The walls of her pussy were cramping and 
exuding cum juice by the gallon. His whole hand was slippery with it 
and he dragged it up into her ass hole to lubricate his thumb as it 
slipped in and out of her anus more rapidly and deeply.

He slowly sank as much of his thumb up her asshole as he could and he 
massaged her clit more vigorously with his other hand. "Oh, honey, 
that's soooo goooood! Keep it going just like that," she moaned into 
the pillow she was clutching to her face. Her climax was swiftly 
approaching now and she hoped he would continue to her completion.

Then he slowly pulled his thumb out and started the two middle fingers 
of the same hand right back up the same hole, stretching it a bit more. 
As he moved these two back and forth, she began to respond with a 
humping action of her own and he could really tell that she was 
enjoying what he was doing.

He slipped both fingers almost out and added the forefinger and started 
the inward motion again with all three in a bunch. It really stretched 
her tight anus ring and he had to force it a bit. She squirmed and 
tried to pull away for a moment and he intensified his attentions to 
her clit as he forced the three fingered obstruction on up into her 
ass.

"Go slow, please!" she yelped as he forced more of his fingers up her. 
Then he began to wiggle them up inside her and twist and turn them in 
her ass to loosen her up and relax her. All this time he was playing a 
strumming guitar tune on her clit and kissing up and down her butt 
crack and inner thigh. That really got to her and she was soon humping 
back against his thrusting three fingered cock again.

Just when she thought she was ready for a really big climax, he stopped 
thrusting and strumming and pulled both hands away from her asshole and 
clit and rolled her up onto her back with her knees up to her armpits. 
She reached back to spread her asscheeks and he rubbed his engorged 
cockhead up and down her cuntal furrow to get it well lubricated and to 
give her an extra feel of his throbbing, hard manhood on her clit and 
inside the entrance to her vagina.

When he had her so hot she thought she'd come any second without him in 
her, he moved the tip of his huge prick down to the loosened entrance 
to her asshole and began a gentle pressure inward by rocking back and 
forth on his toes and knees. Each small thrust was short and not very 
forceful. As his prick pressed against her enlarged anus, it forced the 
tight ring of muscles apart and his cock slowly sank into her bowels. 
Her groan as he slid to the bottom of her asshole was one of passion. 
The feeling of having his prick moving down in her anus and colon was 
extremely exotic and exciting to her.

He transferred her ankles to his right hand, pushed her feet back 
toward her head and bent her even more in half. Then he reached down 
with his left hand to stimulate her clit and vagina again. When he 
touched her clit, with his prick almost buried to the hilt in her ass, 
she went off like a skyrocket!

"OH, God, Yes! Yes, That's it! I'm Commmiiiinnnggg!!!!!" she yelled as 
he slowly sank the last of his prick into her twitching and 
rhythmically cumming asshole. He held it there until her cum had 
subsided somewhat and then he flexed one finger into the top of her 
cunt to rub the sensitive spot on the inside top of her cunt as he 
slowly withdrew his prick from the tightly clenching asshole. The 
pulling sensation of his prick leaving her ass was an anal tease that 
was unexpectedly arousing to the highly stimulated girl.

He knew that her clit had just cum and was too sensitive to touch right 
then, but he also knew that to keep a woman going from one climax to 
another, you just changed the area of stimulation to this "G" spot 
until she started pushing back at you instinctively to let you know it 
was OK to rub her clit again. The really neat part about it was that 
most women did not even know they were giving off these kinds of 
signals. They were just responding as Mother Nature had intended.

"Oh, wow! what are you doing to me? That feels soooo gooood!" she 
moaned as he began to saw his prick back and forth in her asshole while 
he massaged the inner recesses of her cunt with his finger. When he 
felt her begin to push back at him with her cunt and ass again, he 
switched back to massaging her clit with his hand and increased the 
length and speed of the strokes his prick was making up her back door.

"Ohmygod! That's fantastic, don't stop, whatever you do, just don't 
stop. I've never felt this way before! This really UGH... drives me 
UH... crazy!" she exclaimed as he increased the speed and force of the 
ass strokes.

Now he began a corkscrew motion with his prick in order to maximize the 
stimulation to her ass and his prick head. As he increased the strength 
and speed of each stroke, he could hear the slurping, slapping sounds 
of his cock and balls as they beat a staccato rhythm on her buns and 
asshole. He was literally knocking the wind out of her now as each 
stroke was driven home by all the force he could muster with his legs 
and feet pushing hard against the foot-board of the bed.

He was waiting for it to happen to her again, but his balls were 
beginning to tingle with the telltale signs of a gigantic climax. In 
order to speed her along, he started pinching the nub of her clit 
gently between the folds of her cunt. Then he scraped his fingernail 
cruelly across her clit to give her that extra push of sensation that 
she needed to get off.

She began screaming as loudly as she could, "OH, here it comes, I'm 
there, I'm Cummmmiiiiiinnngggg! Mffffffggggg! Oh, what a feeling! Oh! 
Oh! UGH! UH!" then she drifted off into a nonsensical kind of muttering 
as her asshole clenched his quickly moving prick as tightly as she 
could.

This sent him over the top and he began to fill her rectum with gobs 
and globs of thick, hot, creamy jism. The feeling of him climaxing into 
her ass sent her back up to the top of her climax again as the new 
sensations of a cumming prick overcame her natural tendency to subside 
at that point. She again started clenching her asshole around his prick 
as if to milk it of every last drop of cum.

They both held a strained position for what seemed like hours until 
they began to come down from their mutual climaxes. Then he slowly let 
her legs down with his prick still buried balls deep in her ass. The 
motion of her legs coming down and her asscheeks surrounding his prick 
forced his prick from her hole in a most pleasant and natural way.

As she lay in an exhausted, but very satisfied stupor, he made a 
decision and said "Girl, you are a real find! I'd like to take you away 
from all of this whoring business and let you service me personally. 
Aren't you getting tired of old men who only cum and leave you high and 
dry?"

"Well, Sort of, I guess," she mumbled nearly incoherent still from her 
recent exertions.

"How would you like to take a gamble on another stranger and move in 
with me?" The way he said it, in that calm monotone voice with all the 
concern in his eyes just made her feel completely at home and she 
wanted to trust him, but her mind flashed over the last few weeks and 
she was lost in her own thoughts for a few moments.


Chapter 1D

She had not been too happy with Renny and Dora's treatment of her. Oh, 
they'd taken her in all right, and they'd made love to her in many 
different and wonderful ways, but they'd also let her know that she had 
to earn her own way and pay her share of the expenses. When the subject 
of a job had arisen, her inexperience immediately got in the way.

"No legitimate business will hire you because you have no experience. 
Your share of expenses comes to about $2,000 a month. Where are you 
going to get that kind of cash?" Renny had asked in a cynical tone of 
voice.

"I don't know, Renny, what do you suggest?" she'd asked.

"Well, you could start charging for what you've been giving away to 
Dora and me," he'd sneered.

"What do you mean, Renny? Charge you and Dora for sex?" she'd asked 
incredulously.

"No, not us, we'd still sex it up just the three of us, but Dora turns 
some tricks for some guys I know whenever we get a little short of 
cash. It's just until I can get back on my feet and get a decent job." 
He was almost whining now.

"Come on, honey, you've got to do your part to help pay the bills", 
Dora began wheedling, "All those fine dinners we've been cooking 
haven't been free and we're short of cash. All you gotta do is pretend 
it's Renny or me going down on you or you going down on him. After a 
while, you'll come to love the variety and the good sex you can get 
from some of these guys," she'd said reassuringly.

"Well, you're beautiful and blond and stacked and I'm just a young kid. 
I don't think many guys would really want me," said Judy.

"Well, just don't you worry your pretty little head about that," said 
Renny, as he quickly swallowed the grin that threatened his expression, 
"I'm sure I can find a few good men that won't mind a little 
inexperienced pussy if the price is cheap enough. You may have to take 
on quite a few of these guys at first, until you gain some experience 
and a following of men that ask for you every time."

This all seemed perfectly natural to Judy and since she had been living 
with Renny and Dora for four weeks without contributing to any of their 
expenses, she felt a bit guilty about it. She was also looking forward 
to some new sexual experiences because all Renny ever wanted to do was 
have her suck him to a hard on and stick it into her cunt and saw back 
and forth for about a minute and a half until he came in her pussy. 
Sometimes she'd come a bit, but mostly it just left her horny.

Then Dora would come suck out Renny's cum from her pussy and try to 
make her cum by licking at her clit. When she'd had enough of Judy's 
pussy, whether Judy had cum or not, she'd demand that Judy suck her 
pussy to climax.

It all seemed so clinical and selfish of Renny and Dora, but Judy had 
no place else to go and they were nice to her other than that. Now that 
they had explained their scheme to her, it all seemed so perfectly 
reasonable and logical that Judy felt she had to go along with it. They 
started that afternoon with a trick for Dora and Judy each.

They went into separate bedrooms of the little house they rented, the 
man got undressed. He never offered his name. He demanded that she suck 
him to a tremendous hard on. Then he had her lie on her back while he 
stuck his prick into her hot, steamy hole and fucked her to his own 
climax. She was so horny from thinking about what she was going to do 
that morning and the cocksucking had gotten her hot as well, that it 
really didn't take her much to get off as well.

But after the first time or two, they all seemed to be doing the same 
thing over and over. Oh, she still got off at least once a day. Renny 
had been true to his word and kept a steady string of customers 
arriving three and four times a day and night. If she didn't quite make 
it with one guy, she'd carry her horniness over to the next one or 
Renny or Dora were there to finish her off after all the johns had gone 
away.

Still, it was getting to be a drag and the money wasn't that much. 
Renny and Dora told her she couldn't charge much for her services 
because she was still an amateur. She wasn't sure just how much Renny 
got from each man as he came in the door, but she never saw very much 
of it when they left. That didn't really bother her too much, as long 
as the supply of stiff pricks held up and she was cumming regularly. 
The sameness of it all was what was beginning to bore her.

Judy shifted her thoughts back to the present. So here was this 
incredibly sexy, rich, older man who had just given her the best climax 
of her life in a most unusual way. He was promising her more of the 
same with variety thrown in for good measure.

She said "Yes, I'd like to move on to better things but Renny and Dora 
might object to my leaving."

"Have they been giving you a share of the money you make for them?" He 
asked.

"Yes, but it's never very much." She had answered.

"Well, let me have time to think about it and we'll see." He said 
confidently, intending to talk with Renny and Dora about the girl 
later. "In the meantime, let's not waste the money I've spent to have 
you tonight, my little whore, I believe I can show you a little of what 
you're in for with me." And with that, he began fondling her breasts 
and tonguing her nipples again.


Chapter 1E

Sid had stayed all night. It was a very satisfying and tiring night for 
Judy, but when she got up the next day, Sid was gone and Renny was all 
over her for information about Sid. "What'd he say he did for a living? 
Where did he say he lived?" he kept asking over and over. She realized 
she couldn't tell him because she didn't know.

Then, he began threatening her if she ever left them. "I'll track you 
down and find you if you ever leave," he'd say and, "You've never hurt 
'til I've hurt you, the way I'll do it, if you leave us."

Then he'd change tracks and try whining, "I love you too much to let 
you go, honey," Dora would chime in, "Don't you worry none, girl, we'll 
take good care of you here. You don't need to be lookin' elsewhere. 
We'd be crushed if you left us," To which Judy responded that she had 
no intentions of leaving.

Life settled down to a steady routine for a few weeks, but she never 
forgot what Sid had said. Renny was still threatening her with all 
sorts of mayhem and harm if she left and Dora tried to make sweet and 
keep her in the house with sex. Meanwhile, a steady stream of men and 
women came to their house for Judy to service for little or no money.

One weekday night, Renny came home at supper time, drunk and raging 
about Judy leaving them and how badly they needed her and what he'd do 
to her if she ever did. She didn't know whether to feel sorry for him 
or disgusted. Disgusted must have won and it must have showed on her 
face because Renny got real mad and grabbed her by the hair, and 
dragged her kicking and screaming down the hallway and out into the 
closed garage.

Renny had a garage to be proud of. He loved to putter around in summer 
or winter. In order to keep it heated, he'd insulated the walls and 
door, even the big folding door was insulated. No neighbor heard Judy's 
frantic calls for help. Dora, who had seen this coming and was very 
jealous of the attention Renny paid the young whore when she was 
fucking him, just stood by and gave Renny a helping hand or suggestion 
from time to time.

There was a chain hanging down from the ceiling and a piece of clothes 
line laying on a shelf. Renny grabbed the clothesline and made a couple 
of neat turns around the girl's wrists and hooked them on the chain and 
hoisted her up with her hands over her head, until her toes just barely 
touched the floor. As Judy hung there, kicking and cursing Renny, he 
came back into the Garage from the kitchen with a meat carving knife 
held high in his hand. Judy saw the knife and commenced to screaming 
and hollering worse that ever.

"Gag the bitch and make yourself useful, Dora," Renny blasted at Dora 
who was just standing there and watching Judy sway. "I'll teach this 
bitch to scorn and bad mouth me," Renny yelled, still in a drunken 
rage.

Dora ran over to the dryer in the garage and fished around in the pile 
of dirty clothes until she found a white, man's sock. She quickly tied 
a knot in it's center, slipped the knot between Judy's screaming jaws 
and tied a knot with the ends behind her head. "There Renny, that ought 
to keep her quiet for a while," said a satisfied Dora.

Judy felt the rough and slight dampness of the horrid sock as it forced 
her jaws apart and muffled her screams. Then the stench of the dirty 
foot it had been on hit her nose and tongue and she retched and almost 
threw up. As she subsided and tried to keep from throwing up into the 
gag, Renny approached her once more with the knife in his hand.

The drunken and enraged man then grabbed the tee shirt Judy was wearing 
and brought the knife up to the neck line while Judy's gagged and 
muffled screams intensified. When Renny stroked downward to cut the tee 
shirt off her, Judy thought he was slicing into her and fainted. While 
she was out, Renny divested her of her shorts, panties and shoes. Hung 
naked with arms up, head down and swaying back and forth, Dora and 
Renny just watched her for a few minutes. Then Judy started coming 
around.

"Wake up bitch," said Renny " I want you to feel every touch of this so 
you'll remember to respect me."

Judy looked down and saw he had doubled his widest leather belt and was 
standing there slowly slapping it into his hand. He went around to the 
side of her and stood like a baseball batter with his hand and belt 
outstretched to get a good measure of the proper distance.

Swiftly, he brought his leather clad hand around to the back of his 
head and swatted Judy across her poor, unprotected buns. Then again and 
again and again in a steady, monotonous swish-thwack sound that seemed 
to go on forever. The stings that arose from her bottom cheeks were not 
as painful as some she had endured from her step dad, but they were 
heating her up and she found herself slipping into the depths of 
submission she had found in her previous life, of living alone with a 
horny step dad who liked to discipline her.

Judy was still trying to feebly scream and move the lower part of her 
body to avoid the stinging blows, but Renny was good at it, and he 
liked it. Judy eventually slipped totally into a haze of pain and 
submission and gave up her will to Renny. As he beat her with the belt, 
adding another stripe to her buttocks or the back of her legs, she did 
not even twitch or moan, but just hung there accepting whatever he laid 
out for her.

This took the fun out of it for Renny, so he stopped and turned to Dora 
and raised the belt as if to strike her. Dora had seen this Renny 
before in all too familiar form and was scared to death that he'd tire 
of his new play toy and start in on her. She started backing away from 
him.

"Don't you back away from me girl, I got a job for you. Get down 
between her legs and make her feel good, ya hear? Go to it, and I wanta 
hear some moans and slurps coming from that cunt, bitch. Now move it 
before I sting your butt too," He threatened with a swish near her ass. 
Dora did not hesitate, but quickly knelt at Judy's dangling feet and 
spread her red striped legs apart and stuck her nose up into the young 
girl's cunt.

She licked up and down the vaginal lips and stuck her tongue as far up 
the vaginal tube as she could. She noticed that Judy's cunt was well 
lubricated and running cunt juice. She only hoped that Judy would feel 
this effort she was making for her. As long as Renny could see her 
moving her tongue and hear her slurps he seemed satisfied not to beat 
her also.

Judy began to come more to her senses, but she was still pretty wiped 
out from the submissive haze and discomfort of the recent whipping 
Renny, her Master had administered. There wasn't a part of the skin on 
her ass or the backs of her thighs that did not seem as if it were on 
fire. Every time she moved, new aches and stings made themselves known 
to her.

There was also some pleasure going on around her cunt. She hadn't 
figured out yet what it was, but was content to let it happen. Then, as 
she recovered even more, she realized she was being eaten out by a 
person who was doing her best to make her cum. As Judy began to respond 
to the tickling in her cunt and around her clit and the gentle sucking 
of her clit, she started to hump her hips back and forth.

This was just the sign that Renny had been waiting for. He lashed out 
with the doubled over belt across her ass cheeks again and twice more 
to remind her that he was the Master and was in complete charge. As she 
suffered more stings and discomfort Dora tried to ring her bell with 
cunt licking. Then he took a step back and dropped the leather end of 
the belt and, with the buckle end in his hand, he started flicking at 
her breasts and belly, ass and legs. He was fairly accurate and only 
hit Dora a half dozen times in the heat of smacking Judy.

Each time his aim was off and he swatted Dora, she'd scream and jerk 
upward into Judy's cunt harder. Judy would also issue a weakened and 
muffled scream as Dora crushed Judy's clitty against her teeth. By now 
Renny could see pussy juice drooling down Dora's chin and Judy's legs 
and could tell that Judy was very hot.

Unzipping his pants, Renny drew out his big hard on and approached Judy 
with it as if he were going to thrash her with it. "Move back Dora and 
lick her ass a while, I've got to teach this whore who's boss around 
here."

Then he stepped up to her hips, lifted her legs around the outside of 
his torso, and rammed his big dick all the way home in her drooling 
snatch. The action of lifting her legs had exposed her ass crack and 
hole to Dora who set to work with a will and a sigh to do what Renny 
demanded.

As Dora stuck her tongue up Judy's ass, Judy began jerking and 
twitching and Renny leaned way back and pushed up with his dick and, 
holding the belt doubled, again, he lashed down on Judy's exposed tits 
with all the force he could muster. Judy screamed and cried and tears 
fell out of her eyes and Renny got right close in to her eyes and 
whispered, "Don't you ever leave me or disrespect me. 'Cause I'll kill 
you, you worthless whore, you."

He came down again, hard, on her titties, and bucked up into her cunt 
and held his position as cum shot out of his big dick way up high into 
her vagina. Almost all of her weight was supported by his dick in her 
cunt.

"I'll track you down like the bitch dog you are and I'll slowly kill 
you. Do you understand me?" he asked once again eyeball to eyeball to 
her.

She was sobbing so hard she did not respond quickly enough and Renny 
started rapid firing the belt across her tits, sides, legs, torso, and 
any part of her body he could reach.

Dora, meanwhile, had stuck to her job and was busily licking and 
tonguing Judy's now loosened asshsole and Renny's balls as excess cum 
slipped out the sided of Judy's cunt. Judy, meanwhile had slipped back 
into her submissive haze where pain from the master was pleasure. She 
actually began humping up and down on his big prick as it stuffed up 
inside her cunt.

Renny was so sexually arouse by what he was doing and what Judy was 
doing to his prick that he never lost his hard on and kept ramming 
punishing blows all over her body with the belt and bumping and 
grinding with his pubic bone into her groin. As Dora licked the man cum 
from around Renny's balls, she noticed a change in flavor and texture 
of the stuff she was gobbling. She put a finger up into Judy's cunt and 
Renny's Cock and brought it to her nose to confirm it. Dora then she 
raised it to Renny's nose and said, "She likes to be hurt Renny, here, 
smell her cunt juicing up."

"I don't have to smell, I can feel her cunt twitching' every time I hit 
her. Why do you think I'm hitting her so many times?" Then he turned to 
the semiconscious Judy, pulled the gag out of her mouth and asked "So, 
you like to be hurt do you?" Judy barely responded with an embarrassed 
"no" in a small voice.

"Don't try to lie to me, cause I know. I've got your slippery cunt 
around my dick and I can feel you when you cum, and you cum every time 
I beat you, like this," he said as another swing of the belt swished 
down on her beet red titties.

"Oh No daddy, don't hurt me. I'll be good. I won't be a bad girl any 
more. Please don't hurt me again," she mumbled half incoherently.

"Daddy is it, did your own dad beat you for being a bad girl?" asked a 
curious Renny.

"No no Daddy, I'll be good, just don't beat me any more, please Daddy 
no." she stated more clearly.

"Well tell us just how bad you've been then little girl." coaxed Renny.

"Oh Daddy I've been soooooo bbbaaaaddddd!" she exclaimed.

"I must be beaten with your belt and that big thing between your legs 
to make up for it just like you said," she whispered, "Hit me again 
with the belt and fuck my little cunny hole to make me be a good girl 
again. Please Daddy, Please hit me again," she said while squinting her 
eyes and wrapping her legs around him and swinging her torso so that 
the dick in her cunt moved back and forth quickly. Dora was busy at her 
ass hole and now had two fingers wriggling around inside the 
semiconscious girl's nether opening.

Renny leaned away from her body and slammed the belt down across her 
titties one more time and Judy screamed and climaxed like she had 
climaxed many times before in her previous life with her step dad. She 
jerked and twitched and squeezed with both cunt and legs 'til Renny 
thought she would squeeze the air out of him. He leaned forward and 
slammed the belt diagonally across her ass cheeks and she screamed 
again and released his waist with her legs and her cunt pulled off his 
slimy dick just as Renny spurted again and went weak in the knees with 
his second orgasm.

This pissed Renny off so much that he got back up on his feet after his 
orgasm and slapped the belt across Judy's bare back in a vicious swipe 
that made her sway from side to side, scream lustily and cum even 
harder while Dora tried to keep the two fingers up her ass.

"Step aside, Dora, I want to try something," said Renny to his wife.

As she got up and moved away, Renny said to Judy, "You've been a bad 
girl Judy, now tell us what you have to do to be good again. "

"I have to be spanked," replied Judy through tightly closed eyes.

"What kind of spanking, Judy," patiently asked Renny.

"A very hard spanking from within and without," she whispered in fear, 
like a child about to be punished.

"Well, here it comes child, I hope you learn your lesson."

After the first few Lashes with the belt and no response from Judy, he 
sent Dora into the house to find a strap-on dildo and to take her 
clothes off. When she returned, he put her up on a small stool to get 
her dildo slightly higher than Judy's cunt. Then he helped hold Judy's 
legs around her as she slipped the flexible dildo up into Judy's sloppy 
snatch.

"Now fuck her Dora, fuck her like it's the last fuck you'll ever have 
dear," persuaded an excited Renny.

As Dora began an in and out slow motion with the dildo, Renny stepped 
back and lashed out at Judy again and again, sometimes slicing across 
Dora in the process, but constantly hitting Judy. Judy began to cry 
real tears and orgasm every time Renny hit her. Dora was tiring quickly 
from all the exercise and hoped Renny and Judy would be through soon, 
but they both seemed tireless and Judy kept on cumming.

Finally, Renny ran out of energy. Dora noticed that Judy was close to 
passing out and stepped down from the stool and heard the sloshing 
sound the dildo made as it slithered from Judy's drooling quim. Judy 
just hung from the rope and gently swing back and forth, lost in her 
own world of passion and submission. Renny stared at her for a minute 
and got her down and carried her across his shoulder back to her 
bedroom.

Chapter 1F

The next morning Judy was embarrassed that Renny and Dora 
knew her deepest darkest secret about the brutal and submissive 
relationship between her step father and herself. She had always called 
him Dad after her real father was killed in an auto accident when she 
was just a baby. But Renny and Dora didn't seem to mind, it was a point 
they could use to manipulate her. From that day forward, they went out 
of their way to humiliate and hurt her with that knowledge.

She'd stay tied up half a day in some of the strangest positions and 
every time Renny or Dora would stick a finger up her cunt, she'd be 
juicy. They'd rub it over her mouth and nose and say, "See the little 
slut and how she likes to hurt. She's so twisted, pain becomes a 
climax."

Then, they'd pinch her or slap her or fist her thighs or arms until 
they were black and blue. But always, they came back to her pussy and 
stroked her until she came. They made sure she came after every beating 
to condition her to like it.

One evening, Renny got into the bottle a bit deep and Dora was joining 
him so they got steadily drunk. Renny whispered something in Dora's ear 
and headed for the garage. Judy was sitting naked on the sofa with her 
hands cuffed behind her and her legs slewed at right angles so that 
Dora could reach over every now and then and stroke her clit or pinch 
or smack her.

Sometimes, Judy would be surprised by an ice cube slipped up her cunt. 
All she could do was sit there and endure it while it melted and Dora 
snickered at her predicament. It was all so perverse and all so 
exciting. Judy could feel the ooze spilling out her cunt on to the sofa 
cover. She was making a wet spot on the upholstery. Dora, after some 
more minutes of tickling and teasing her, got up, saw the spot and blew 
up at Judy.

"How dare you sit there and wet my sofa cover!" she exclaimed in mock 
anger, "Boy are you going to get it now! On your feet!" she commanded. 
As Judy arose from the sofa, Dora grabbed her by the cuffed hands and 
pushed then up as high as they would go on Judy's back making Judy high 
step her way down the hallway to the garage door.

Renny met them at the door and placed a blindfold over Judy's eyes and 
a gag in her mouth. The gag was his dirty underwear and she choked at 
the taste of shit and piss in her mouth. He led her into the middle of 
the garage floor and un-cuffed her hands and raised them above her 
head. He then hooked them to the overhead chain and raised her until 
she was on her tip toes.

Renny reached down to her ankles and attached leather cuffs around each 
ankle. He then attached additional chains to her ankles and raised them 
up until her back was parallel to the floor. The ankle chains were also 
spreading her legs apart so that she was stretched and suspended 
totally by the chains hanging from the ceiling.

Renny brought out a cane pole about four feet long and three quarter 
inches around. As he swished it in the air above Judy's body, she 
cringed and began to make mewling sounds around the gag. Standing to 
one side, he took a two handed grip on the cane and swished it directly 
into her ass cheeks. Judy let out a barely audible scream that was lost 
in the nasty tasting gag in her mouth.

Renny began to work on her ass and the backs of her legs with slow 
steady strokes. He deliberately waited fifteen seconds between each 
stroke so her anticipation could build up. Meanwhile, Dora, in a 
drunken stupor, grabbed a new fly swatter she had just bought and hung 
on the wall. She began to lay in to her titties as best she could 
between Judy's outstretched arms. Renny would cane her and in between 
times, Dora would swat at her upper torso. Her back and everything 
above her waist were treated to the scratchy metal screen on the fly 
swatter.

Judy was in some real pain and cried and sobbed and begged as best she 
could through the gag for them to stop, but it just went on and on. Her 
entire body was being stimulated more than it had ever been before and 
all of it was going to her cunt making it slimy with cunt juice. Judy 
felt close to passing out when Renny finally got tired and quit abusing 
her ass and legs. He stood back to admire the stripes up and down her 
ass and legs and the clinches and twitches she made as Dora continued 
to smack her tits.

Renny went over to a workbench on the side of the garage and grabbed up 
a can of motor oil and an opener. He formed a fist with his right hand 
and poured motor oil all around it. Then he began to rub oil all around 
Judy's ass and cunt. He stuck three fingers as far up into her cunt as 
he could ram them and Judy twitched and groaned with renewed pain. He 
fucked her cunt with his three fingers and used his thumb to smash her 
clit against her pubic bone.

Judy was really getting off on the hand job. Her pussy began juicing 
and drooling and mixing with the motor oil. Her body seemed totally 
alive now and recharged with renewed energy. Renny pulled back and 
added a fourth finger and began to push in earnest into her cunt until 
her whole body began to swing away from the force of his push. The 
incredible pressure on her cuntal opening was burning and stinging like 
the rest of her body. When she had reached an almost sitting up 
position with his hand pushing her up, he reached up, put his thumb in 
the palm of his hand and began to pinch her clitty with his other hand.

She screamed and wiggled and cried and really went in to a paroxysm of 
spastic jerks and twitched. He was pinching her clitty very hard and 
she was loving it. With every new flash of sensation, she approached 
closer to climax. Finally, after a particularly long and intense 
orgasm, she relaxed and felt his entire hand slip up inside of her 
vagina. As it went in, Renny flexed his fingers and folded them into a 
fist to keep from punching through the back wall of her vagina.

He backed off and Judy went parallel to the floor with Renny's fist 
still stuck in her vaginal canal. Meanwhile, Dora kept up a steady 
barrage of swats with the fly swatter. This was keeping Judy off 
balance as the pleasure of the clit rubbing and the filled cunt 
contrasted with the displeasure of the fly swatter until they both 
seemed to merge and any stimulus to the girl's body was turned to 
pleasure. Each time Renny jerked his fist back and forth in her cunt 
and Dora swatted another area of her back, thighs, the bottoms of her 
feet, or sometimes her titties, Judy spasmed into orgasm again and 
again.

When Renny got tired of the physical effort it took to fuck her with 
his hand and half of his forearm, he opened his fist up inside of her 
and extended his fingers as far out as they would go and began to 
rotate his arm back and forth inside of her, first one way and then the 
other. Judy came so hard she almost passed out. Renny removed his fist 
from her cunt by jerking it out with the fingers still somewhat 
extended.

Judy's muffled scream sounded like a dying animal as she collapsed and 
let the full weight of her body rest on the chains. Dora took that 
opportunity to swat each of her breasts and then a very hard cut across 
her open cunt and clit. Judy screamed again and passed out.

Judy was out of commission for a week before she felt like she could 
walk upright without her insides falling out. The scratches and bruises 
she had all over her body were a constant reminder of the cruelty and 
expert going over Renny and Dora had given her. They weren't even mad 
at her. They thought she liked it.

Well... if the truth were told, she really did get off on it. Even the 
lingering discomfort of the scratches and bruises sent lust surging to 
her damaged cunt for the next week while she could do nothing about it. 
After she had healed enough to have sex with Renny and not scream from 
the pain, she went back to work servicing Johns that Renny seemed to 
always be able to find.

Life went on. Men came and went sometimes three and four a day for both 
Dora and Judy. Occasionally Renny would be gone to service a female 
customer, but he never brought them to the house. Dora didn't seem to 
mind his apparent disloyalty as she was getting her share of dick from 
the Johns. Judy didn't mind much either, it just all seemed so boring 
doing the same things over and over. Even the constant bondage did not 
keep her interest up. After a couple of weeks, she found it to be very 
inconvenient and chaffed at their constant attempts to put her down. It 
all became so predictable.

Then Sid came by again, asked for her and bought her services for the 
night. She serviced him magnificently again. He returned the favor, and 
in the early morning hours, when he was ready to leave, she asked him 
"Were you serious about helping me get away from Renny and Dora?"

"Of course I was" said a surprised Sid. He had tried unsuccessfully to 
buy her from Renny and was rebuffed rudely. Renny had just about 
convinced him that she wanted to stay for all the sex she was getting. 
He just couldn't forget Judy and couldn't stay away from her, so he had 
returned to get as much time with her as he could. He didn't tell her 
this, of course.

"If you want out, why not just pack up and leave?" Asked Sid.

"Renny said he'd come after me and I'm afraid he'll find me and hurt 
me. That man can get real crazy when he's mad." She explained. "Will 
you help me get away?" she asked.

"You're right, that Renny can be a real mean ass hole when he wants 
to." said Sid while thinking he needed her to fear seeing Renny and 
Dora again. "OK, how about you taking just what you can get into your 
pockets with you and meeting me after midnight tonight at the grocery 
store just down the street?" He proposed.

"I think I can get out and do that, but if I'm not there by twelve 
thirty, don't wait any longer," she warned.

So the plan was made, she sneaked out and met Sid at the grocery and 
sped off into the night with him while constantly looking over her 
shoulder for Renny's angry face coming at her. She didn't rest until 
they had settled in another state.




Part II

Chapter 2A- Judy gets some exercise.

Sid stirred atop her luscious titties and buried his head in the 
billowing forms of girl flesh as he slept on in Judy's arms. She gently 
pushed him off of her body and responded to the urgings of her full and 
complaining bladder by silently walking across the deep, pile carpeting 
to the large, richly appointed bathroom just off the mirrored, master 
bedroom.

As she sat on the commode and relieved herself, thoughts of the past 
few months flashed before her again. She remembered just how really 
dumb and unsophisticated she had been when she got off that bus and 
Renny found her. Then, as he'd talked her into bed first and outright 
prostitution next, she'd not thought to question the small amounts 
she'd earned from all those tricks. Renny and Dora had cheated her and 
Sid had explained it to her months later.

"Honey," he'd said, "your sweet, young, petite body would be a prize in 
any whorehouse. It would normally attract top dollar and it probably 
did for Renny and Dora. They just never let you find out how much."

Judy was worried about Renny or Dora finding her and what they'd do if 
they did. She had vivid memories of some of the threats he'd made 
against her if she ever left him. These had been reinforced 
dramatically by extremely abusive and painful sessions many times over. 
She did not want anything more to do with the volatile and vicious 
Renny. She often voiced her fears to Sid that they would be found even 
up here in the mountains.

"Well that would be difficult since they didn't know my real name or 
where I live or work. I met them through a casual acquaintance of mine 
who doesn't know those things either. Besides, living way up here in 
the hills, away from everyone else and having you all to myself has 
isolated me from those same casual friends. I guess they think I just 
dropped off the face of the earth. I keep in touch with a few that I 
can trust, but I didn't buy this place until after we got together. To 
my knowledge, no one that knows me knows them", she remembered him 
saying.

Judy wiped her tush and went over to the bidet to wash it and her 
hands. "I must be fresh for Sid in case he wants to eat me later." she 
thought to herself. The warm water rushing up into her cunt gave her a 
rush and she felt herself getting excited again. Shaking it off, she 
finished drying with the towel next to the drawer under the counter, 
she turned her thoughts to what lay in that drawer and, on impulse, she 
opened it. She brought out a small box that had the words "Ben Wah 
Balls" written in bold lettering on the top. When she opened the box, a 
nylon cord dropped over her wrist and she saw that it ran right through 
the middle of two large round plastic balls.

These balls were about one and a quarter inches in diameter and as 
smooth as a baby's bottom. The steel bearings inside of them rolled 
around and made the plastic outer coverings wiggle like Mexican jumping 
beans. She held them under the hot water faucet for a few minutes to 
warm them up and bent down to her cunt and spread her legs so she could 
cram them both into her vaginal canal as far up as they would go.

She relished the feel of the still cool, but not cold balls as she 
stuffed them up higher and higher into her birth canal. Her inner walls 
were beginning to drip moisture and she could feel a glow of horniness 
start at her cunt and radiate outward to every extremity of her body.

After the second ball was pushed as high as it would go, she ran the 
tip of her index finger gingerly around the clitoral node at the front 
of her cunt and thrilled as her excitement mounted. With steel in her 
resolve, she withdrew her hand reminding herself how much better the 
climax would be after some time of anticipation.

Now, only the strong nylon cord attached to both of them was hanging 
out. She wadded that up and put it neatly inside her outer cunt lips so 
it wouldn't get in the way or look unsightly to Sid.

As she straightened up, she could already feel them working her arousal 
up and she knew that if she didn't take her mind off of the sexy balls 
clattering around in her cunt soon, she would be tempted to bring 
herself off with her hands. She didn't mind doing it that way, but 
experience had taught her that the ache of horniness over a long period 
of time would accumulate in her and make her cum so much better when 
she and Sid got around to fucking again.

She quietly slipped out of the bathroom, through the bedroom and down 
the hall so Sid could sleep while she did her morning exercises. Sid 
had his routine that kept him in shape and he had taught her one of her 
own. But first, the pool looked inviting through the wide, French doors 
out back so she went outside to warm up in the summer sun. She was 
still naked as she walked like a silent ghost through the dawning light 
and down the hall to the den and out back to the swimming pool.

She spent most of the summer morning lounging in the rising sun by the 
pool and thinking about having sex because any movement she made caused 
the Ben Wah's to twitch and gently remind her of their presence, making 
her hotter and hotter. The gooey slickness of arousal was sliding out 
of her cuntal opening and down the crack in her ass to drench her 
asshole and the chaise lounge upon which she was laying.

A couple of hours later, as the sun, her fevered thoughts and the 
sensations in her cunt that had her gently hunching her lower abdomen 
back and forth in the flexible chair all came together to raise her 
body temperature to a fine sweat. She jumped up, determined to make 
this feeling last without climaxing and dove into the water to cool off 
and began her laps.

As she swam, those devilish Ben Wah's kept up a constant vibration in 
her pussy that almost drove her wild with lust and made it even harder 
for her to breathe than the laps she was swimming.

After several laps, she was breathing hard and ready for more strenuous 
exertion. Feeling alive and 100% in touch with her every sense, she got 
out of the pool, dried off and went back into the den and into the 
extra bedroom at the end of the hall. This room had been equipped with 
exercise equipment of many kinds.

Sid was determined that they would stay in good physical shape and Judy 
had become accustomed to doing her body a favor by working out 
regularly. She also didn't mind the constant stimulation of the Ben Wah 
Balls, today, up inside her pussy, which reminded her that she was a 
woman in need.

As she began the first repetition of slow sit-ups she remembered what 
Sid had said about the house. "No one can see us up here. We can run 
naked through the house and out the back door to the pool and into the 
back yard if we want and no one will see us," explained Sid as he tried 
to reassure her that she had nothing to fear from Renny and Dora. 
"Renny and Dora will never find us up here even if they are still 
looking for you, which I doubt."

Sid was right, the house was ultra modern and built up on a mountain 
top that overlooked farmland and many acres of forested hillsides and 
other mountains. The winters up here were beautiful and the summers 
were gorgeous. There were few cars that traveled the main road and no 
visitors up the winding, long drive that led to the main house. The 
four bedroom ranch style house had a large 25 meter swimming pool, 
heated so they could use it almost year round, an outdoor hot tub and 
an eight foot high concrete block and brick fence that hid the patio 
and both the pool and hot tub from any prying eyes in the lower forest.

Judy had done all of the housekeeping and cooking and seemed content. 
Only occasionally did her need for pain surface for Sid to mete out 
punishment to her and help her achieve that highest of orgasms.

Both of them became accustomed to fucking and sucking at the drop of a 
hat and clothes just got in the way, so they mostly went naked through 
the house and pool areas. There was no real pattern to their fucking 
activities. Sid said he didn't want either of them to become bored or 
stuck in a rut when it came to their lovemaking.

He was constantly surprising her with inventive ways to catch her at 
awkward times or in different positions when he fucked her. The variety 
was wonderful and had kept her off balance and loving every minute of 
it. Some of those methods would have been considered obscene or cruel 
by an outsider, but Judy loved them all, even the ones that hurt.

As she finished with her sit-ups and moved to the universal set, her 
glance ran over the large cardboard box in the corner of the gym. Sid 
had said it was just a bunch of junk he had thought he would do 
something useful with some day. On closer inspection, it had looked to 
be scrap wood and leather and nails and bolts all in a confusing mass 
that looked just like what Sid said, "junk."

Judy was feeling hornier with every exercise she performed and was 
looking forward to going back to bed and waking Sid, after a quick 
shower. But just as she was finishing, Sid appeared from the pool, 
dripping water and announcing that he felt great and was ready for his 
exercises.

"Boy, it's good to be alive and kicking and hungry on a fine summer 
morning with you! I could eat the north end off of a southbound goat 
honey, and when I'm finished here, I'll need to take in about a 
thousand calories. How about you? Are you ready for breakfast?" he 
enthused.

"You mean brunch, don't you?" she said with arched eyebrow. "You've 
slept most of the morning away!" she exclaimed.

Then, in response to a mock stern look from Sid she said, "OK. OK! I'll 
have the mighty king's brunch ready when he finishes, but right now, 
your horny little girl has got herself a problem." With that she bent 
her knees out to the sides. This action caused the outer lips of her 
cunt to open up and the nylon Ben Wah cord fell down almost to her 
knees.

"See what I mean?" asked the pouting young teenager as both she and Sid 
stared down at her dripping pussy. Then she grabbed him by the 
shoulders and backed him up to the workout bench behind him and started 
to tongue kiss and rub her sweaty body up against his cool, chlorine 
scented physique. As she kissed him, she reached down and grabbed his 
erecting prick and began squeezing it rhythmically with her hand.

Sid knew he must pay a toll before he could get his workout done, so he 
leaned back onto the short bench lengthwise and left his feet on the 
floor. Judy followed him down to the firm padding of the bench without 
breaking the kiss. His right hand slid down her quivering stomach to 
the soft pubic patch of his. He hesitated there to stroke and tease her 
before he ran his finger along her cuntal crease to the rising clit and 
on into her boiling snatch.

She was hot, wet and very horny and he could tell it by the slippery 
slop on his fingers as it began to run down into the palm of his hand 
and down to his wrist. He began to diddle her clit back and forth with 
the first two fingers of his hand and she increased the activity of her 
tongue in his mouth and began raising her right leg to straddle his now 
erect prick. As she got her leg up to it's highest point, Sid grabbed 
the cord and plopped the two Ben Wah's out of her horny pussy and let 
them fall to the floor. She grunted as each ball was removed quickly 
from her gushing snatch. She never let go of his prick or came up for 
air from the exciting tongue kiss.

As she got her knee over his body and stood over his torso with his 
prick in her hand, she began moving up over his face and began dragging 
her nipples up to his chin. He licked and sucked and finally captured 
one of her unusually elongated nips in his mouth. He began immediately 
to swirl and drag his twitching lips and tongue over and around her 
breast and aureole. He was driving her crazy and Judy feared she would 
come right then without ever getting his prick into her hungry snatch.

She positioned the thick, hard dick head at the entrance of her vagina 
and let herself drop down over it. As she sank down on his pole soooooo 
slooooowwwwllllyyyy, he groaned and tried to buck up into her. She rode 
up with him and would not let him quickly put it to her. She wanted to 
make this hungry ache in her pussy last as long as she possibly could 
without becoming frustrated and missing the ultimate act of climaxing.

She had now become a sophisticated fucker that enjoyed her slow fucks 
and their anticipating aches and urges. She also enjoyed the fast comes 
that surprised her at times. She could feel the wiry hair of his pubes 
mixing with hers as she finally sat down with her full weight on top of 
his tall pole. She sighed with contentment and just rested at the 
bottom of her long slow decent. She had savored every inch of that 
slide to ecstasy.

She rose swiftly to the top of the prick pole and once again began her 
teasing slide to perfection, but Sid had other ideas and she was too 
far gone to match his upward thrusts this time. He arched his back and 
pushed his groin upwards with such swiftness and force that Judy's feet 
left the ground and her cunt flew quickly down onto his prick and 
rebounded off of his pubic bone and lower abdomen to ricochet back up 
and almost off of his prick.

Just as she thought she would fly off of him and off into space, he 
grabbed her by the back of her thighs and forced her legs up, off the 
floor. He lunged upward again pushed her up and off his prick almost to 
the end of his turgid manhood and snapped his prick back into place 
deep into her cunt as her entire weight came crashing down to crush her 
clitty against his hard pubic bone. Up she flew again, and again he 
caught her at the top of her bounce and met her vigorously just as she 
was coming down.

The force of the entry was a wild strain on her tender pussy lips and 
walls, but it only seemed to add to the excitement and mingled the pain 
of the re-entry with the pleasure she sought to release her from the 
frustrations of the past two hours with the Ben Wah balls. Judy felt 
safe and secure in the knowledge that Sid was excited and had taken 
charge of the fucking. She was most content to let him take his lead.

Again Sid bucked her up toward the ceiling with her legs pushed up by 
his hands and sprawled out to the sides and the full weight of his 
prick pushing up into her horny snatch. As she reached the top of her 
upward trajectory, Sid once again pushed himself off the bench to 
thrust with all his might up into her waiting hole with a sound of 
thunder and a moan of pain/pleasure from her. The sensation in her cunt 
of going to full and then empty and them crushingly full again was 
driving her wild. She began to moan as all of her inhibitions left her 
and she became a simple fucking body bent on it's own pleasures.

They crashed back onto the bench again and Sid lunged upward again, 
bucking her up and down for a full three or four minutes. Judy could 
feel her climax approaching and since she had waited so long for it, 
she knew it was going to be a big one. She was delighted and amazed at 
both his skill as a lover and his stamina. Not many 33-year-old men 
could keep this kind of exercise up for this long.

Just when her bruised pubic bone was beginning to really begin to hurt, 
Sid hunched his hips upward and on the next bounce, he caught her 
square in the clit with his pubic bone. Her body zoomed through it's 
climax and the throbbing in her pussy changed to a tight fisted 
clenching as spasm after spasm hit her entire lower abdomen and groin 
area. It was all she could do to stay on top of him as he drew back and 
slammed into her again. Another gripping orgasm tore loose from her 
pussy and seemed to run up and down her loosely flopping legs as she 
came one last time.

The lights winked and the room spun and she felt Sid reach his climax 
and his prick started to twitch and pulse way up inside her as he came 
too. She had clung to his neck like a monkey clings to it's mother 
during all of this, and as Sid subsided into an exhausted heap, she 
kissed his neck and ear in gratitude for the wonderful climax. Knowing 
that once again she had satisfied her Master's wishes and provided 
pleasure to him in the act of sex. She felt grateful that he had made 
sure she came also.

"That was just about perfect, Master." She breathed directly onto his 
ear and onto the sexy nerve that she knew he had inside his ear. "Thank 
you for one of the best orgasms of my life."

"Oh, that was nothing," he said between deep breaths. "Just wait until 
I get started good!" he kidded her as it was obvious to them both that 
he was totally winded and tired out, for the moment.

"Well, I'd like to stay for another round, but I'm getting hungry and I 
don't want your strength to leave you, so I'll just slip into the 
kitchen and make us that meal you ordered." she whispered as she lifted 
herself off his prostrate body.

Sid was still heaving hard for breath and was really glad to be rid of 
Judy's weight so he could get air more easily into his lungs, but he 
couldn't resist coming back with some banter of his own. "OK, if eating 
is more important than sex with me, then just go on with you."

Judy paused as she was, still astride of him and said, "Well, since you 
put it that way...," and began sinking back down onto him again. 
However his prick had shrunk and it flopped loose from her pussy. 
"Never mind, I'm really hungry too, so please go fix brunch and let me 
die in peace!" Sid said as he pushed her back up and off of him and 
then rolled off onto the floor and played dead.

"OK, If you're going to poop out on me, I'll go then," she said as she 
grabbed the Ben Wah's off the floor, sauntered out the door with a 
pouting mouth and cast an exaggerated and alluring look back at him. It 
caused them both to laugh and she went on down to the kitchen still 
naked as the day she was born.

"OK, but you'll sing a different tune when I decide to take you with me 
to check the mail." Sid hollered as she walked away.

Chapter 2B

As Judy prepared the meal, she remembered back to a day 
about six months ago when Sid had brought home a golf cart and 
proclaimed it to be their yard cart, since their yard was so big. The 
front drive to the house from the main road was a twisted and winding 
track of gravel and concrete pothole patches. Just getting the mail 
took almost a half-hour down and back that tortuous track. Sid has said 
it discouraged visitors and Judy accepted that as a necessary evil to 
protect their privacy.

About two weeks after he brought the golf cart home, Sid announced he 
was going to check the mail and told Judy she was coming along. This 
surprised Judy as she'd never ridden with him before, but her Master 
had decreed it so she went with him. Both of them got into the cart 
naked and Sid threw a couple of pool towels in the basket behind the 
seat. They both wanted to stay naked and would cover up only while at 
the mailbox beside the road in case someone drove by while they 
retrieved the mail.

Sid said he had something special for Judy and he showed it off when 
she sat on the seat. He moved a lever and a part of Judy's seat fell 
inward. She felt like she was sitting on a large, padded toilet seat. 
Her cunt and ass were both over the hole. Then Sid pushed down on 
another lever and two dildos started up inside of Judy. Both were 
lubricated with petroleum jelly and slid into her cunt and ass with no 
difficulty once she got them lined up correctly. Judy started to get 
up, but Sid put a safety strap across her lap and told her to leave it 
on.

Then Sid started slowly down the drive. At first, Judy didn't notice 
it, but after Sid picked up speed, every bump he hit was translated, 
somehow, to the twin dildos lodged up inside her. This constant motion 
became a vibration as Sid drove faster and took the wheels of the golf 
cart down into the gutter beside the road where the bumpiest gravel 
lay. Judy could not believe the thrill of feeling first the front dildo 
move up or down and then the ass dildo move up and down independently. 
It was as if they were attached to different wheels. (They were!)

She silently thanked her good luck and Sid for the petroleum jelly as 
the movements were sometimes quite violent. As Sid hit a particularly 
large rock on the right wheel, she noticed that the cunt dildo jumped 
violently in her, but did not threaten to harm her, as if some safety 
mechanism were in place. Another bad bump by the left wheels had the 
ass dildo jumping and Judy was astounded at how good it felt even 
though the movements were powerful and jerky. Her surprise suddenly 
turned to orgasm and Judy screamed out her joy all the way down the 
mountain as Sid drove more and more in the gutters and ruts of the worn 
gravel driveway. By the time they reached the bottom, she was cumming 
repeatedly.

Nearing the bottom, Sid grabbed the towels and wrapped one around his 
waist and draped one over Judy's torso. Then he drove right up to the 
mailbox and picked up his mail. Going back up the mountainous driveway 
was not as much fun because it was slower and the novelty had worn off 
to some extent. Nevertheless, Judy came twice more before they reached 
the house again. Every day now, they take the golf cart down to check 
the mail, even if the post office is closed!

Sid had also taken her on a round of golf with him and introduced her 
as his assistant. She endured almost five hours of riding across 
fairways and gravel cart paths and had cum most exquisitely many times 
before Sid's game was over. For the occasion, Sid had bought her a 
small tennis outfit with a short skirt and panties underneath with two 
holes in the crotch surrounded by elastic. She had to screw around a 
bit to get the dildos up inside her and she had to lubricate her ass 
and cunt at home before she put the panties and short skirt on, but she 
managed to do it all in front of all the guys and gals at the local 
country club without anyone knowing what she had up her cunt and ass.

When Sid took the cart off the path and swing down a dry creek bed, 
ostensibly looking for his ball, she came heavily in her cunt as he 
took the cart's right wheels over several stones big enough to create 
some fast friction in her cunt. Sid then turned the cart around and 
headed back into the same dry creek bed with the left wheels going over 
rough stones. Once again, Judy came with abandon, in her ass. Judy was 
feeling like an adored whore as Sid turned and twisted the cart down 
the cart path with one wheel in the graveled gutter giving her a thrill 
that she knew he wanted her to enjoy. It made her feel more secure to 
know that he had intended for her to get off on this device.

Then Sid drove over to a stand of trees at the edge of the fairway, 
grabbed Judy by the arm, jerking her up off the dildos and took her 
behind a bush. He then bent her over so that she was touching the 
ground with her hands and her knees were straight, in front of him. 
Judy heard the zipper on his pants release his big dick and immediately 
felt his presence pushing up into her distended asshole.

A few strokes later, Judy muffled a scream as she orgasmed and Sid went 
off in a flurry of motion. Sid turned her around without standing up so 
that she could clean off his now flaccid prick with her mouth. He 
stuffed it back in his pants and zipped up. Then she stood up and they 
went back to the cart.

As Judy settled over the protrusions sticking lewdly from the passenger 
seat, Sid reached around and fastened her seat belt again and drove off 
at a fast clip. Up around the green, Sid apologized to the other 
players in their foursome by saying, "Sorry to hold you up, we lost my 
balls." He said.

"Yeah", said one of the other golfers, "Well chasing balls into the 
woods is a part of the game isn't it?"

"It sure is when you play as badly as I do." said a gleeful Sid. "Who's 
turn is it to tee off?"

The rest of the afternoon, Sid played the worst golf he had ever 
played. He shanked or sliced the ball into the woods constantly and 
drove that cart where no carts were meant to go. Judy got very tired as 
orgasm after orgasm sapped her strength, but since this was what Sid 
wanted, since she was doing the thing that turned him on, she felt 
great about it.

She was fucked out by the time they got home, but Sid had other ideas. 
He tied her upside down from the hooks in the playroom ceiling. He 
spread her legs apart as far as the ropes would reach. Then he 
handcuffed her hands behind her and added a spreader bar between her 
knees. He then adjusted the ropes so that she was suspended with her 
cunt and pussy mound just below mouth level to Sid. After tying her 
off, Sid left the room and she could hear him moving around in the 
bathroom next door.

When he came back, he spread a towel underneath her head and splashed a 
little warm water on her cunt. He then took out a shaving mug and put 
some cream and water in it and began string it up to make a lather. She 
felt the slippery soap swirling around her hairy cunt hole and clitty, 
making her hotter and hotter. The prickly bristles of the brush around 
the inner lips of her cunt, clit and asshole warmed her up so that the 
buttery cunt juice of her pussy overflowed her upside down cunt and 
began running down her body to her tits and neck taking soap suds with 
it. In this manner, she was able to smell her own excitement mixed with 
the shaving soap and it aroused her even more.

He spread the lather on her cunt lips and pussy mound thickly. Then he 
paid particular attention to making sure that her clitty was well 
soaped and even lingered over her ass hole, pushing the bristles of the 
brush partly into her asshole. The stiff bristles of the brush were 
like a trigger to orgasm for her and she came twitching and bucking 
again as this was done.

Sid bent down and showed her a safety razor and told her to be still. 
He carefully shaved her from her naval all the way around to the top of 
the crack in her ass. After all of the soapy residue was washed clean, 
he stood back and admired his handiwork.

"Now, my little sex slave," he said using the deeper more stern voice 
of his that Judy had come to recognize and love as his command voice, 
"I think I like that look so well that I shall require you to keep it 
shaved and ready for my use at any time of day or night."

Judy replied, in a contented whisper, "Yes Master." As she relished the 
feelings of letting him take total control of even this private part of 
her body.

Then he lowered her so that she was closer to the floor with her cunt 
and ass level with Sid's crotch. She felt his large prick slowly 
sinking into her slimy cunt for a few strokes and then pulling out and 
ramming back into her asshole for a few minutes. Judy would just build 
up to near climax in one hole and he would pull out and start in 
another hole. Finally, Judy was so close to orgasm that it didn't 
matter which hole he used. She came. Sid alternated back and forth for 
a few times and Judy kept going off time and again until he finally 
shot a wad up her asshole.

The toaster popped up a pair of brown pieces and Judy returned her 
thoughts to the present.




Part 3


Chapter 3A

After her shower, as she was standing, nude, at the kitchen sink, Judy 
heard Sid fumbling around in the exercise room. Sid was always messing 
around with something around the house or out in the garage/workroom. 
It really didn't matter to her what he did.

Judy was just happy to keep house for him and encourage him to screw 
her every chance he got. Knowing he was happy made her happy. She was 
totally wrapped up in doing nice things for him. She especially wanted 
to please her "Master" and do all the things he required of her. This 
gave her that safe, warm, secure feeling she used to have before she 
left home.

Even though her step-father was banging and beating her, she never felt 
threatened with more harm than she could stand. Deep down she knew he 
really loved her. It just got to be a bore every day so she departed 
for other places and other adventures. She never felt that secure with 
Renny and Dora.

Today was a bit unusual. They didn't usually fuck more than two or 
three times a week and here it was not even noon yet and she'd been had 
twice already. Sid must be getting ready to leave on another one of his 
extended trips and was trying to "make up some fucking time" as he put 
it.

Sid didn't talk about his business. He said he was wealthy, but every 
few months he had to be away for up to two weeks at a time. Judy was 
lonely without him, but she was not afraid to stay up on the mountain 
without him. She'd just never felt threatened up here. It seemed too 
beautiful to be frightening.

Before he left, he usually got her good and hot and screwed her so well 
that she was satiated for days after he'd been gone. Still, she was 
very horney when he returned. She was glad he didn't have to go out of 
town too often.

She heard him coming down the hall and into the kitchen. "I've got a 
project going in the exercise room and I've got to run into town to the 
hardware store for parts, did you want anything while I'm in town?" Sid 
asked as he washed his hands at the sink.

A trip to the small town about twenty miles away was something to take 
advantage of because it took about thirty minutes either way. They kept 
a running list of needed items on the refrigerator and Sid walked over 
to get it now.

"Just what's on that list and some soap for the bathrooms," said Judy 
as she continued to turn the frying bacon strips in the pan before her. 
She had put on a kitchen apron to keep the grease from spitting out 
onto her naked tits. Experience had taught her well.

"Ok, I've got a special treat for you while I'm gone. As soon as the 
breakfast dishes are done, I'll help you get into it," Sid said with a 
big smile.

"Hmmm, sounds like something I might like." Judy smiled back and 
twitched her hips and pushed out her perky little ass at him.

Judy had a certain need to be bound or confined, then sexually 
stimulated and abused. Sid told her that it was probably because of the 
abuse she took from her step father and Renny and Dora. She had gotten 
used to the idea of submission with some pain as a way to get off and 
her body was insisting that it needed it every now and then.

The infrequent trips to town by Sid presented a perfect opportunity for 
her to indulge in her unusual fetish. Sid thought it was fine as long 
as she enjoyed it. If the truth were known, Sid probably enjoyed the 
preparation for it as much as she did.


Chapter 3B

After the breakfast dishes were washed and put away, Judy went back 
into the exercise room to find Sid amidst pieces of wooden chair rail 
and metal brackets, cushions and a menage of nuts and bolts. "Well, 
don't you look like a kid in love with a new gadget? Whatcha doing?" 
She asked.

"I'm making something for you. That's why I'm going into town. It's a 
surprise, so just march yourself right out to the playroom and I'll get 
you fixed up before I go. I've been thinking about what I'm going to do 
to you before I leave and I can't seem to concentrate on putting this 
together anyway," He replied.

When they reached the playroom and turned the lights on, Judy was 
reminded of how little real furniture they had in the windowless 
basement room. She went over to what looked like a tall workout bench, 
leaned against it and asked Sid, "Well, Master, what delights have you 
in store for your slave today?"

"Don't talk until you're told to slave!" Said Sid as he slid into his 
role as Master with ease. The sound of his sharp voice and commanding 
tone sent shivers down the nubile teenager's spine and stood her up 
straight with wide eyes and bowed head. She once again entered that 
safe and secure place of submission that she had found as a haven from 
all of life's troubles. She was perfectly content to let Sid do as he 
wished, even if it hurt her, because she knew that he wanted it, it 
pleased him, and no matter how much it gave her pain, she knew she 
would orgasm mightily from it. She always did.

"Get over here and stand before me respectfully, Slave!" he shouted.

She silently went to stand before him, naked and cowed, with her head 
lowered and her hands at her sides.

"Turn around slave!" he grunted. "Bend over, slave!" he growled again 
when she had complied. "Grip your ankles slave!" he exclaimed as she 
went down to the floor and took a firm grip of her ankles. "Spread 'em 
slave!" he barked as she spread her feet about three feet and kept her 
grip on her ankles.

Sid leaned back and spread her asscheeks as he said "Now, tell me what 
a bad girl you've been this week!" This was a key phrase that her step 
father had used on her for years as a purge of her conscious before he 
beat her. "I've been so bad master!" She moaned. "I need to be punished 
for what I've done."

"And just what have you done?" Sid asked as he walked over to a 
cupboard mounted on the wall.

"I've not washed and ironed my clothes as I should and I gossiped with 
Lucy about Tommy ..." and a long monologue of imagined and real crimes 
were spewed from Judy like a prayer from a priest.

While she went on, Sid had returned with a few things from the 
cupboard. As she continued listing her misdeeds, he fastened leather 
cuffs around her wrists that locked with audible clicks. Then he did 
the same to her ankles and neck and waist. These were the normal 
trappings of their little games. The snug fit of these implements once 
again restored a greater sense of security in her.

They reminded her of the many times she had worn them before and how 
exquisitely she had orgasmed, with them around the different parts of 
her body. As he snapped a metal pin through the wrist and ankle rings 
in the cuffs to make sure that each leg was attached to the same side 
wrist, she felt her pussy once again juicing to the point that she 
could feel cum drool running down the inside of both her legs.

Sid tightened the buckles that pulled the ankles and wrists tightly 
together to make sure she stayed in that bent over position. Then he 
placed the string to her emergency release rope in her right hand and 
wrapped it around her middle finger. This was the escape mechanism she 
knew she could use if something got to be too much for her when he was 
doing something else, or away from the house.

She resolved to endure whatever he had in store for her. When he stood 
up behind her again, she trembled at being a helpless victim and her 
cunt started to get wet. She was beginning to run out of things to say 
that made any sense. Her submission was complete and she began to run 
down verbally as her cunt heated up to sloppy arousal and sidetracked 
her thoughts.

"That's enough bitch!" he exclaimed as he went back to the cupboard. 
"I've heard enough of your drivel." Coming back to her, he reached 
around her neck and head and slipped a ball gag effectively into her 
mouth and pulled the elastic strap tight around her head. This forced 
the hard rubber ball between her teeth and shut off her monologue.

"I will have some piece and quiet with that in you." he declared. Then 
he stepped back to look at his handiwork and, not satisfied, he grabbed 
one of the ropes hanging from the block and tackle sets he had 
permanently installed in the ceiling of the playroom. He connected the 
hook into the ring on the back of the wide leather belt around her 
waist and took the tension out of the line. Then he hoisted her up an 
inch or so until she was on her toes, but not entirely supported by the 
rope.

"Now Miss naughty bitch, I have a solution to your problems!" And he 
stepped over to the cupboard again. He came back with a metal bar that 
he attached between her ankles to keep her legs well spread. Of course, 
since her wrists were attached to her ankles, she was spread completely 
from both ends. He bent over and clipped a hook in the middle of the 
bar to a ring set in the floor to keep her from squirming around too 
much.

Then he picked up a short, hard, leather clad riding crop and came back 
over to stand at her side. He slowly administered twenty sharp cracks 
to her ass and the backs of her legs. Not hard enough to leave welts 
and definitely not hard enough to break the skin. Each stroke was laid 
in with love and affection and only stung enough to let her know it 
could really hurt if he wanted it to. Judy, of course cried and 
screamed around the ball gag in her mouth as she imagined the pain she 
could have been in if he really wanted her to feel it. She imagined 
that she could not get away from the "terrible beating."

All during the love beating, she kept feeling safe and secure in the 
knowledge that her Master would not permanently harm her, and that what 
she was doing was pleasing her Master. She was content to let him take 
charge and direct this little interlude to their fucking life. The 
certain feeling that he would not really do her serious harm revved up 
her engine and her feeling of arousal that he did not do so ran the 
spectrum from fear to extreme love. It mostly translated into love 
knowing that he did not harm her seriously.

Each stroke was delivered to a different place on her buns and a thirty 
second pause was adhered to in between each to give her time to 
anticipate and fear the next one. Judy clenched and twitched her ass 
cheeks to stop the stinging pain, but nothing she could do would stop 
the fingers of fire that blazed across her butt. The stinging fire 
spread down to her cunt and started it juicing and twitching. Every 
time he hit her, her whole body jerked and jumped in futile efforts to 
get away from the pain, but the feelings of submittal and safety 
remained to soften each blow and make her more and more horny.

By the end of the twenty strokes, her ass was stinging prettily, her 
cunt was aroused and wet and her eyes were filled with tears. Knowing 
that she had completed the task of enduring the strokes her Master 
wanted her to have made her feel as happy as she could have possibly 
been. The very last stroke was delivered across her churning cunt and 
that was the blow that sent off skyrockets and spasms of orgasm that 
delighted and exhausted Judy.

As she came down from the high of her orgasm, she heard his zipper 
being lowered and noticed him standing next to her ass. Sure enough, a 
greased cock was slowly working its way up her shit chute and 
stretching her ass wide. Her ass chute widened slowly as Sid slid his 
slippery rod deeper into her. She felt the walls of her anus snap in 
place behind the corona of his dick and thrilled deep in her gut as he 
pushed on into her bowels with deliberate slowness. Goosebumps rose 
down both legs and arms as he advanced his large log into her guts. 
Some cramping began as he neared the end of her bottom chute, but these 
just added to her overall sensations of total helplessness and made her 
more horny that ever.

When he was in as far as he could go, he worked it back and forth a 
time or two, to make sure he had the correct angle of attack, and then 
began a steady rhythm up and out of her shit chute. Sid added to her 
horniness by frustrating her. As she would approach orgasm, Sid would 
slow down to slow stroke her pussy entrance and she would back off of 
her cum just a little. The next time her would push deep into her 
bowels and hold it there until she cooled off. He was deliberately not 
going to let her cum with his prick stuffed up inside her ass.


Chapter 3C

She started her way back up to orgasm, but heard him grunting and 
moaning and felt him cum up her butt before she could get her own. 
Then, he walked over to the cupboard to put up the crop and when he 
returned, he held out a complicated set of straps attached to a large, 
nine inch dildo with a set of hairy, testicles attached.

Resting the dildo on her butt as if her butt were a table, he casually 
spread her cheeks with one hand and ran a finger into her cunt slowly. 
It stung from the cruel lash he had just administered, but she was 
still high from the quick ass fuck and the sting just added to her 
stimulation. When he was all the way in, he turned and twisted it back 
and forth and slid it in and out of her dripping pussy. Then he 
withdrew it and moved up to the loose hole of her anus with the cum 
slowly oozing out of it.

He not too gently probed and pushed about a half inch of three of his 
large digits into her and began moving back and forth like a wide cock 
fucking her asshole and stretching it even wider. She saw the reason 
why when he removed the fat, long dildo from her butt-table and showed 
her what looked like a horse cock that he was going to use on her.

Judy creamed her snatch further and cried into the ball gag as 
sensations of lust went off in her that she could not and did not want 
to control. Fear that she could not take the large dildo up her ass 
without substantial damage raged through her brain. On the other hand, 
she was excited that it was going to happen to her and looked forward 
to taking it all for her Master.

She loved the feel of a good hard anything up her butt and it really 
turned her on when she was tied up and made helpless while she got her 
ass reamed, but this was going to really be a large pain in the ass! 
The burn in her ass cheeks had spread to include her ass hole and she 
squirmed delightfully, but fearfully.

Sid reached down and grabbed her hand and said, "I'm going to put this 
dildo up your butt. It will be very painful. Squeeze twice if you want 
it done. Do nothing and I won't, but I will be very disappointed in 
you." This was their safe word and Judy knew that with the gag in her 
mouth he had resorted to touch as a way to communicate and make sure 
she was OK with what he was going to do. She didn't hesitate. She 
squeezed as hard as she could twice and Sid stood back up behind her.

He began to slowly run the head of the soft, latex cock around her ass 
hole and tease her with it. Judy was able to gain just a little 
leverage with her toes on the floor and managed to swing back onto the 
very tip of the head of the large dildo as Sid just held it still for 
her. She was unable to get the head into her and was doubly frustrated 
by not being able to do it herself.

Sid replaced the dildo again with his fingers into her butt He pushed 
deeper and lengthened the strokes into her body. When he felt her begin 
to loosen up even more, he slid his finger back out and pushed four 
fingers back into her anus. She groaned loudly as he stretched her tiny 
asshole further with his fat fingers. Meanwhile he watched her for 
signs that she did not want him to proceed. They had also worked out a 
safe signal of her tossing her head up and down to indicate she wanted 
him to stop. Her head shook from side to side, but not up and down.

When she appeared to be accepting this four finger ravishment with 
relative ease, he reached up and placed the dildo at the entrance to 
her snatch. He rubbed the two and a half inch head of the dildo around 
her pussy lips to lubricate it from the juices that overflowed her 
cuntal orifice and ran down her legs. When the overlarge cockhead was 
sufficiently greased, he moved it up to her distended asshole and 
pushed slowly to start the log of love up her shit chute.

The muscles of her ass were stretched mightily by the big dick and it 
really burned and was uncomfortable to her to be pushed open that wide. 
She moaned louder around the ball gag and tried to move her ass forward 
and away from the big intruder. Sid paused to see if she wanted him to 
stop. When she remained still, he resumed a steady pressure on the 
dildo going into her ass hole.

As he pushed her parallel to the floor, the rope attached to her waist 
belt stretched tighter and her toes left the floor and her weight swung 
forward. She was swinging free of the ground now and all Sid had to do 
was hold the big cock still and watch her body and gravity cause more 
of the big dick to be driven up her shit hole as she swung back onto 
it.

The ring around her anus stretched to the point of breaking and finally 
popped over the wide corona of the plastic cock, bringing another 
scream from around the ball gag that seemed like real distress, even to 
Sid. Again, he paused to let her accommodate the large dildo and to see 
if she would use the signal to stop this exquisite ass torture. When 
she did not, he left the dildo with about three inches in her ass and 
went around to her front and temporarily pulled the ball gag out of her 
mouth and asked "What was that slave bitch, were you trying to say that 
you wanted cock or mercy?" he sneered at the incoherent sounds 
emanating from her mouth. She was practically delirious with lust.

When he recognised that they were sounds of pleasure, and not pain, he 
replaced the ball gag and said, "OK, my little split peach, if it's 
more you want, Then I'll let you have it all." Even though Judy shook 
her head no, she did not give their safe signal and they both then knew 
that she wanted, more than anything, for him to continue the slow rape 
of her asshole.

Her muffled cries were even louder and her struggles to get free of her 
bonds were more pronounced as the cockhead slid up her dark hole. 
Slowly she accepted the large and long cock up the open end of her 
large intestine to lodge deep in her inner bowels.

Judy was stuffed and she knew it. About two inches of the prick 
remained sticking out of her ass before the big hairy balls would stop 
their constant advance. Her ass was stretched to the limit and she 
could feel the hard rubber cock way up into her belly as Sid applied 
and tightened the elastic straps attached to the artificial cock to the 
leather belt at her waist and around her ankles so that it was 
constantly being pressed further into her ass.

As he cinched each of the three elastic straps tighter and the plastic 
prick pressed deeper into her, the pain of her penetration almost made 
her pass out. She clamped her ass cheeks together to stop the advance 
of the intruder up her backside. It stopped it's inward march up her 
shit chute just as Sid had tightened the straps all the way. There was 
constant inward pressure on the prick from the tightened straps, but 
for the moment she had stopped the relentless intrusion into her body.

Sid leaned over and grabbed her tits from between her spread legs and 
began massaging them and pinching her nipples. Then he took out some 
fishhook shaped wires and ran them through the holes he had pierced 
through her nipples several weeks ago. A short piece of string hung 
down toward the floor in front of her face. Each string had a bobby pin 
tied to the end of it with the string in the middle of the length of 
the pin.

Sid took several quarters from a box in his hand and began sliding the 
slits he had cut in them around the strings. This added weight to her 
nipples. As he added six quarters to her right nipple, it stretched 
down in front of her face until she thought it would split wide open. 
Sid reached over to add another and Judy shook her head vigorously and 
looked at him with pleading eyes. He placed it on the string anyway and 
said " I like the way your nipples are stretched so long after a few 
hours of this treatment slave. Shall I add another one?" he asked as he 
reached for another one.

She shook her head vigorously back and forth and made pleading sounds 
around the gag and begged with her eyes, but she did not use the safe 
signal.

"Another one it is. " He said as he slipped the eighth one onto her 
nipple string. Her nipple stretched and felt like it was on fire as the 
additional weight was put on her tortured nipple. The same treatment 
was given to her left nipple and Sid left the room to the agonized 
groans of the tied, suspended, helpless girl with the whipped ass, and 
the stretching dildo with pulling straps, and weights on her nipples.

He returned a few minutes later with a long piece of wire and plugged 
something into the wall. "I was using this in the shop, but you may 
borrow it until I return slave." Then he plugged it into the end of the 
protruding dildo and turned on the switch. The dildo immediately began 
to hum with a low intensity vibration that had her shaking and 
clenching her asscheeks together even harder. Sid cruelly pulled the 
horse cock almost all the way out of her hole and let the elastic 
straps snap it back into place.

It did not penetrate back in quite as far, but the shock of it's fast 
re-entry almost overcame her with it's sudden pain. By this time, the 
pussy juice around the outside of her asshole had dried and it was 
relatively easy to stop the advance of the artificial horse-cock up her 
shit tube.

"Ta Ta slave, I'll see you in a couple of hours. Have fun now!" He said 
as he left the room, dressed and she heard him drive off.


Chapter 3D

Judy had been left alone in an isolated house trussed up with a 
vibrating, artificial cock rammed up her butt hanging from the ceiling 
by a rope so that her toes barely supported her weight. She spent a few 
minutes shifting her weight from her toes to the belt around her waist. 
She was getting dizzy and her arms were going numb from being stretched 
down to her ankles.

She was glad that she had no tummy to bend over. The fire in her ass 
from the cropping didn't seem to lessen and she burned and itched all 
the way down the back of her legs to her knees. Her grip on the safety 
string was strong and memorable as she contemplated getting out of this 
position, but she wanted to badly to please him. If this is what he had 
in mind for her to do, that's what she'd do.

The vibrating machine in her butt hummed merrily and she could feel the 
vibrations up and down her backside and belly. She felt her ass muscles 
going numb and stretching. As she did, the cramping up her backside 
relaxed and the cock slipped into her a bit further. The cramping began 
again and she clamped down on her ass muscles again to halt it's 
advance. She now realized Sid's devious torture and had to admire him 
for it. She would slowly allow the advancement of the large vibrating 
dildo up into her ass over the course of the next two hours. Then she 
orgasmed, the first of many to come over the course of the next two 
hours.

Slowly, more and more of the plastic vibrator was pulled into her 
clenching and increasingly numb ass by the elastic straps he had used 
to secure it to her body. It moved inexorably in until it was literally 
balls deep into her. Each time it had advanced a bit, it caused pain 
down deep and she clenched to halt it's advance. She was forced to 
torture herself in this manner, slowly for two hours as the machine 
continued to creep-slide deeper and deeper.

She hurt so good! Her pussy was drenched with it's own juices. She was 
a deep submissive, and Sid had devised a most exquisite form of 
submission for her. She loved him even more for it! She never thought 
to pull the release string wound around her middle finger. Escape was 
not what she wanted. She wanted to please her Master.

It was now almost two and a half hours later and the vibrator was all 
the way into her and the balls had even begun to try to open her wider. 
The humming never ceased and the vibrator was getting hotter and 
hotter. It felt scalding inside of her. The pain deep in her gut had 
gone away as the last few millimeters of prick had slid into her.

The nipples of her tits were on fire as the weight of the quarters kept 
pulling them ever further toward the ground right in front of her face. 
Every movement caused them to swing wildly about and pull in different 
ways at her nipples. She could see them lengthen visibly right in front 
of her eyes. In spite of the pain and discomfort, she watched excitedly 
as her body slowly stretched to conform to the desires of her Master's 
wishes. She felt proud that she was doing what he wanted so well!

All the world revolved around the dildo in her gut and ass and the fire 
in her titties and the stings on her ass and legs. She was on fire all 
over. She was so dizzy she felt she would pass out any minute. At 
times, over the last two and a half hours the feelings had been so 
intense as she came over and over that she felt as if she were in a 
world all her own. A world that revolved around the hard cock vibrating 
in her ass and causing deep gut cramps as it crept into her and made 
her orgasm repeatedly until she was totally exhausted. The tearing fire 
of the tittie stretching she was going through just added to her 
overall sensations and made her feel even more submissive to her 
Master's will.

Finally, the sounds of Sid coming back aroused her from her near 
trance. Hope of a quick release arose in her as she heard him coming 
into the room. "Ah yes, there's my little bitch now, doesn't she look a 
sight." He said to no one as he played the part of Master well. "I see 
you've managed to take it all in. Would you like me to relieve you of 
some of that?" he asked.

She shook her head up and down, but not with the side to side shake 
that meant she wanted out. She pleaded with her eyes as he approached 
her and knelt near her numb titties. He un- hooked the nipple of first 
the left then the right tit and massaged them back to life. This set 
fire off in both nips as the circulation returned and intensified the 
sensations she felt.

He reached up to her cunt and dipped his fingers into her squishy well 
of fire to see if she was still excited. Then he rubbed some of her 
juices over the sensitive clit at the top of her vagina and watched her 
squirm some more.

"What's that, slave? You'd like some more? Well I can accommodate you 
on that one. How about a little bit more vibration?" he said as he 
turned the switch from low to medium on the back of the vibrator. "Do 
you want more? Ok!" he said with glee and turned it up to high.

The vibrator danced and bounced around in her asshole until she thought 
she'd go nuts. The deep gut cramps returned in spades and she almost 
passed out from the intensity of the vibrations as they drove her to 
yet another series of unending orgasms. When she saw him reach down to 
her clit once more, she thought he'd stroke her again. Instead, he used 
one hand to spread her cuntlips and uncover her clitoral hood. With the 
other hand, he reached in and pinched her bare clit hard.

She screamed around the gag and her whole body began jerking and 
twitching as she orgasmed over and over again. He pinched her clit 
again and she just got louder and more vigorous. The third pinch to her 
clitty caused her to go off the deep end and she passed out.

She hung limply by the rope from the ceiling with her whole body 
twitching and spasming from her climax. Sid reached up and grabbed 
another piece of rope and clipped it to the hook on the bar between her 
ankles as he un-clipped it from the ring in the floor. Hauling down on 
this rope pulled her up by her arms and legs. This reversed her from 
the position of head down to head up and started the blood that had 
collected in her arms and legs to return to the rest of her body. More 
fire of returning circulation coursed through her aching arms and legs 
as the feeling returned to those extremities. She awoke screaming from 
the pain of the fire.

The vibrator in her ass still hummed loudly and her cunt dripped with 
juices as Sid hoisted her up by both ropes until her cunt was about 
chin level. He tied off the hoist ropes and, while she was still coming 
awake, he began munching her sloppy box.


Chapter 3E

When Judy awoke fully, she noticed the fire in her arms and legs and 
screamed around the ball gag over and over. She also noticed a 
completely different orientation of her body and dizziness that went 
with the new position. Then she felt the vibrator up her butt going 
strong and sending sharp thrills up her spine and down to her cunt.

The cramps deep up her bowels had stopped and she felt nearly numb 
there again. Then she felt Sid gnawing savagely at her pussy lips and 
dipping his whole face into her greasy cunt. That sent her off again 
into another set of orgasms that went on and on and on. Her body 
clenched into a tight ball and her moans and screams were loud even 
around the hard rubber gag.

After what seemed like twenty minutes of cumming repeatedly without let 
up, her exhausted body's contractions seemed to be dying down and Sid 
lowered her down to about prick height and rammed his cock as far into 
her cunt as he could. She screamed around the ball gag again and roared 
right back into orgasmic heaven as Sid rode her back and forth over the 
length of his rock hard cock.

The vibrations of the big, artificial cock next to his cock in her body 
just about sent his cum into her as soon as he got balls deep, on the 
first stroke. He just barely held onto his control and knew that it 
wouldn't take many strokes in this hot and vibrating furnace to pop his 
load. Sure enough, after about eight or nine long, deep strokes into 
her spasming cunt-hole, he unloaded.

When he regained his composure, he noticed that Judy had nearly passed 
out again, but through the ball gag and the exhaustion she felt, there 
was still something of a smile in her eyes and lips on what parts of 
her mouth the ball gag did not hide.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Louis Honey(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





