BDSM Library - Major Slut




Major Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The female officer commanding a small installation becomes the sex slave of her NCO.
DISCLAIMER: 
This story includes descriptions of rape, torture, bondage, drug use, and 
humiliation. If these descriptions are likely to offend you, DO NOT READ THIS 
STORY. If you are under twenty-one years of age, DO NOT READ THIS STORY. This is 
a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely 
coincidental. This story may be reproduced and distributed electronically where 
the laws allow so long as it is not changed in any way and authorship is 
acknowledged. Comments and suggestions from readers are appreciated. Flames will 
be ignored. I would like to thank SmCyber and other friends for their help in 
developing this story. The first two parts were written in 1996. The remaining 4 
parts are new.




MAJOR SLUT  
by conwic@aol.com
 
Hearing those news reports on TV about that Army sex scandal at Aberdeen brings 
back memories for me, memories of the best sex I ever had -courtesy of the U.S. 
Army. I mean, how many men in this day and age can truthfully say that they have 
owned a woman against her will. Not just any woman, but his boss- in my case, a 
female officer. And not just used her himself, but forced her to display herself 
in front of and even give herself to a dozen other men, all of whom she hated. 
You've never heard about this; the Army was pretty good about covering the whole 
thing up. But it is worth remembering, even if only here. It was back in 1993, 
in Korea. I was in the 8th Army's signal brigade then. I'd joined to be an 
infantryman and was a good one; but after my own fucking track ran over my left 
foot on the last day of the Gulf War, I was profiled out of the Infantry and 
into the Signal Corp. I was a staff sergeant by then so I tried to stick it out 
to get my twenty, but I just couldn't take all the technical crap seriously. Nor 
could I take the REMF-weenies I had to work for and with seriously. After you've 
been in combat- after you've killed a man in battle, it's awfully hard to fit in 
with a bunch of glorified TV repairman.

Not surprisingly, I didn't do well in my new field. I could see the end of my 
military career fast approaching. Finally, they stuck me in the brigade's 
version of Siberia, an old communications relay station off the southern coast 
of Korea. It was just a little compound with a half dozen Quonset huts left over 
from the Korean War surrounded by a high fence. Above the huts on the top of a 
hill were the antennas. Despite the small size of the compound, the Army had 
taken possession of half the land on the island, leaving the local population 
barely enough land to squat on. The station had once been the link between Korea 
and Okinawa. Then satellites came in, and the place was no longer necessary. 
They kept it in case the satellite was shot down or more likely just out of 
habit. Anyway, since it did nothing other than the occasional test message there 
was very little to screw up. So it became the dumping ground for the misfits of 
the brigade. I was the NCO in charge working under an alcoholic Captain I ran 
the place even though I didn't know shit about the technical side of it.
Luckily, there wasn't a whole lot to do. I had eleven enlisted men, 10 signal 
types and a medic. They were all assholes or fuck-ups, which is why they were 
there. Most thought that they were badasses, but their previous bosses just 
hadn't understood how to handle them. I did. The first day I was there I found 
the biggest one of them, the toughest guy in the unit, and beat the shit out of 
him. It wasn't hard; these signal types tend to be weenies. Most had never been 
in a real fight in their lives. Growing up hardscrabble in Oklahoma, I've been 
in plenty. I learned that it didn't matter so much how big you were, just how 
willing you were to take the pain of being hit. I didn't mind getting hit a few 
times if that meant I could get my licks in. That's what I had on these guys. 
They were afraid of being hurt; I wasn't. This asshole had fifty pounds on me. 
But when I kept coming after he hit me a few times, he folded, just curled up 
and cried as I pounded him. I didn't have any trouble with the men after that.
I had ten Koreans working there too. They were the guards who manned the gate, 
the cooks, and the houseboys who did all the cleaning while the GI's lived like 
pigs. The head Korean was a fellow named Kim. He like all the others was from 
the island. They were a clannish bunch, like the hillbillies back in the States, 
where everybody marries their cousins, and they don't trust anyone who wasn't 
born there. I knew enough to stay on his good side and let him run things with 
the other Koreans. After a couple of months, Kim started sucking up to me, 
buying me drinks and fixing me up with freebies with the waitress at our little 
club- Miss Rhee- who did a little whoring on the side. I knew that he had a 
reason for this, and that it probably involved something illegal. At least I 
hoped it did; I would need some money for a new start when they turned me out of 
the Army. But I played it dumb until he worked up the nerve to make me an offer. 
Like the moonshiners in the States, the islanders were short of land; they had 
to find a more profitable crop than the turnips and rice the farmers grew on the 
mainland. So, they grew a little opium which they sold to the Korean version of 
the Mafia in Seoul. Seems it was quite stylish for the Korean Yuppies to smoke 
the stuff. I believed him about the stuff going to Koreans; I'd never heard of 
soldiers buying opium from Koreans. I like to think that I would have stopped 
him then if the customers had been GI's, but I doubt it. What he needed from me 
was simple enough. I'd look the other way- and make sure everybody else did the 
same- while Kim's family grew the poppies on some of the land belonging to the 
Army, land which was off limits to the Korean police. I'd also help him 
transport the raw opium by using the site's supply truck to deliver the stuff to 
the mainland on its 3 times a week supply run, allowing him to get it to his 
buyers even though the Korean police were watching everybody and everything 
which used the ferry to the mainland. In return he would pay me $1000 per 5 kilo 
sack delivered. We bickered a while. I settled for $1200 per sack. Suddenly, my 
post Army prospects didn't look so bad.

Things went beautifully for six months. By then, I had $66,000 in a bank in the 
Bahamas. I was happy, and I kept everyone else happy. I was paying Miss Rhee to 
keep the troops happy. A little free sex from her and a relaxed schedule- no 
formations, no PT, no shit details- kept their noses out of my business. The 
Captain was even easier. I just kept him supplied with booze. Only I was a 
little too generous. He drank himself to death before I had the $100,000 that 
was my goal. Still, I figured that his replacement would be just as fucked up as 
he was.

I was wrong. I learned later that his replacement, Major Amanda Thompson, was 
not exiled there as punishment because she fucked up but because she wouldn't 
sleep with the Brigade Commander. Just my luck. I'd never had a female commander 
and didn't much like the idea. It didn't seem right to me. You see, most of my 
experience with women has been with the whores around Army bases; that's what I 
thought of when someone said "woman"- a life support system for a pussy. Major 
Thompson was definitely different from the women I was familiar with.
She was tall for a woman, almost six feet. Hard to tell how old she was by 
looking at her; she was in great shape physically. Initially I guessed she was 
about 28 or 29, awfully young for a Major. Later I found she was 36. She looked 
to be built, even wearing those baggy BDU's. Her face fascinated me. With her 
short, reddish brown hair and lack of make up, she should have looked mannish. 
But she didn't; she looked both strong and feminine. Maybe it was those 
cheekbones or her full lips. Whatever the reason, I thought she was the best 
looking woman I ever saw. I wanted her. The fact that she was an officer helped 
too. That and the fact that I knew that she didn't want me- didn't want any man 
so far as I could tell- made her all the more desirable. She was unattainable. 
She was a challenge.

She was also a problem. Unfortunately, she knew what she was doing. She 
restarted formations and PT immediately, much to the horror of the men. I kept 
in pretty good upper body shape, and I didn't have to run with her because of 
the profile on my foot. Still, I had a hard time matching her. She smoked the 
rest of the men, totally humiliated them, during PT. And she seemed to enjoy 
doing it. She knew the job technically and soon knew that I didn't. Things were 
looking bad. She was bound to find out about the opium eventually. Hell, it only 
took her a week to figure out about Miss Rhee's part time work and ban her from 
the compound. Which, since she had restricted everyone to the compound until we 
met her standards, meant nobody was getting any sex. Including me! Major 
Thompson became an obsession with me. Since I couldn't have her, I had to have 
her. Finally, I decided that I had nothing to lose. Kim wasn't about to let me 
out of our deal- alive. If I did nothing, I was bound to end up in Leavenworth 
anyway. I might as well take her down; it was my only chance to get out of this 
clean. I had nothing to lose and a great deal- her- to gain.

By the end of her second week Major Thompson had every man in the unit cursing 
her, calling her the "Major Bitch", and just generally hating her guts. I knew 
then that most would jump at the chance to pay her back for the way she had 
taken away their comfortable life style. The few who were afraid of what that 
entailed, were too afraid of me to be willing to do anything to save her. It was 
a simple matter to have my partner Kim persuade the Korean cook to lace her 
meals with a gradually increasing chunk of raw opium from our stock. With the 
red peppers that the Koreans put in everything, she never knew anything was 
wrong with the food. I would watch the Major eat it everyday, thinking of what 
was in store for her. The thought never failed to give me an incredible hard on! 
The drugs seemed to have little or no effect for the first two days. Except for 
nodding off at her desk a few times, she didn't show any signs of the drug that 
I could see. By the third day I was wondering if the potency of the drug had 
been weakened by the heat of the food. I needn't have worried. That day she 
began to show the drugs effects. Now she alternated between catatonia and mania, 
dozing off for hours and then off handedly issuing a flood of orders which made 
no sense. The men around her began to get use to ignoring her orders. On the 
fifth day she reached the point of no return. She passed out in the club after 
eating her doctored lunch, right in front of about half the detachment. No one 
made a move to help her. I knew then that I had her. 

I left her there until the room cleared as everyone else returned to their jobs. 
Then I got her up, which was no easy task since she was almost as tall as I am 
and weighed at least 150 pounds. It was all prime woman though, she didn't have 
a trace of flab on her body. I carried her to her room, which was in the Quonset 
hut furthest from the club. I staggered into the room cursing my crippled foot 
every inch of the way and dumped her on her bed.. As she lay on her back, I 
checked her breathing. It was strong and regular. She didn't stir when I shook 
her; Major Thompson was oblivious to the world. I unbuttoned her fatigue jacket 
and then her pants, struggling a little with her dead weight. I stripped those 
off her, leaving her in her Army green T shirt and some skimpy white panties. 
Without the uniform, she was starting to look very feminine to me. In a second, 
I had her T shirt and her bra off, revealing a pair of perfect breasts- soft, 
solid globes even with her on her back- topped by the largest nipples I've ever 
seen. Even asleep, they were the size of my little finger. I reached over to 
them and rolled the warm flesh between my fingers. It hardened slightly. I bent 
over and put my mouth to her left nipple, opening my mouth and sucking the nub. 
I began to use my teeth on it. Then it really got hard, and big. I savored her 
taste for a moment- clean, warm, and a little salty on my tongue- before I let 
her breast go and started to strip off her panties. The Major - I still thought 
of her as the Major- had a trimmed bush of auburn hair, cut as short as the hair 
on her head and shaven around the sides into a bikini cut. Judging by the tan 
line, she liked to wear a very small bikini. She must have been quite a tease 
around the officers' club pool back in Seoul, before she was exiled to this 
dump. I spread her legs to find that she also shaved her cunt lips, leaving them 
bare and slightly reddish. The inner lips of her cunt protruded slightly, giving 
her cunt that well used look I like in my women. The prospects were looking 
better every minute. She may have been a ball breaking bitch, but she had a body 
built like the proverbial brick shit house.

Once she was nude, I ran my hands over her. Her still lightly tanned skin felt 
warm and  the muscles firm and resilient under the pressure of my hands. I 
moved my hands to her breasts and then down her flat stomach to her cunt. I ran 
my hands all over her body, feeling the first thrill of ownership as she lay 
there, oblivious to my touch. It was like Christmas morning, when you just had 
to touch your new toys to make sure they were really there. I had to try out my 
new toy. I would have liked her to be awake the first time I fucked her. I 
wanted to hear her beg and cry and scream. But I knew that there would be plenty 
of time for that later.

I stripped, keeping my eyes on her every minute. I was as hard as I have ever 
been. In a moment I had her legs bent back to her breasts and was inside her. 
She was dry and hot; the first strokes were almost painful for me because she 
was so dry. But I didn't care. She lay under me as I fucked her, making those 
groaning sounds a person makes when they're having a nightmare, just before they 
wake up. But Major Thompson didn't wake up. The pain of the friction went away 
after a few strokes. In a moment, I was plowing into her, making her breasts 
shake with my thrusts. I was shouting into her face as it stared up at me, eyes 
closed and expressionless. I called her a whore, a bitch, a cunt. I called her a 
lot of things, none of them the sort of thing a sergeant would normally say to 
an officer. I guess I lasted about 4 or 5 minutes, what with the initial pain 
and the way she just lay there. I left her cunt dripping my cum and went back to 
the matters at hand.

I had a pair of handcuffs from the unit's stores. I put these on her wrists and 
then used a chain to secure them to the metal frame at the head of the bed. I 
tied her feet to the opposite sides of the frame at the foot of the bed, leaving 
her cunt exposed. The way the bed was positioned, she was looking into the 
mirror over the battered dresser that was, other than the table and chair, all 
the room's furniture. When she woke up, her cunt would be the first thing she 
saw. I took the toilet brush from the small bathroom built into the back corner 
of the room and shoved it- handle end first- into her cum draped cunt. Then I 
watched her for a while. Finally, I took her panties- the ones she had worn all 
day- and waded them up. I put them in her mouth and tied them in there with one 
of her bootlaces, wrapping it around her head two or three times. When I left, I 
didn't turn off the light. I wanted her to see herself in the mirror when she 
came to- nude, bound, and with a toilette brush sticking out of her cunt.
Once she was my captive, I put things back to what they had been before the 
Major arrived. I stopped the formations and the PT. I even brought Miss Rhee 
back to the club and paid her to give every man a free fuck. This kept them too 
occupied with her to ask questions about the Major. Kim was a little harder to 
satisfy. I had to agree to drop my price for a sack by $300 before he was 
willing to keep me supplied with the raw opium I needed.

About every 6-7 hours, I would check on my captive. Amanda- after fucking her I 
felt on more familiar terms, too familiar for the use of rank anymore- was 
pretty groggy since I was giving her another ball of raw opium before the 
effects of the previous dose had disappeared. I didn't say anything to her. I 
just shoved another one up her asshole like a suppository. At first, she kept 
trying to ask me what was happening. Or maybe why I was doing this to her. Hard 
to understand a woman who has her panties in her mouth. By the next morning, 
Amanda, bright bitch that she was even with the drugs in her, had begun to 
realized what I was doing. Now she was trying to curse me through that gag and 
no doubt threatened me with a court-martial among other things. I just smiled 
and unbuttoned my BDU pants. The expression of surprise on top of anger on 
Amanda's face was priceless when I started pissing on her! I hosed her down 
thoroughly as she sputtered and shrieked under that stream of hot, yellow piss. 
When I had finished, she was quiet.

After another dose of the raw opium, she drifted into a kind of trance. She 
didn't know what was going on around her. Amanda even stopped trying to talk, 
though I sort of missed her muffled pleas and threats. I took out her gag then. 
It was really soaked but not surprisingly a lot cleaner than when I put in her 
mouth. I suppose she had sucked the shit stains- her shit stains- right off 
those panties. By now she was pretty compliant. I didn't have to shove the opium 
balls up her ass any more; she would swallow them once I put them in her mouth. 
The opium and a lot of water was all I gave her for the next two days. During 
all this time, she had to lay there in a bed soaked with her own- and my- piss, 
staring at her naked, bound form in the mirror. Fortunately for Amanda, opium is 
constipating. Otherwise the experience would have been even worse. As it was, I 
thought it good for her sense of humility to wallow in her own wastes. I didn't 
fuck her when she was like this because she stunk, but I did have some other 
forms of amusement. Judging by what Kim had told me about how the opium smokers 
acted, I figured that by then she was pretty far along on becoming hooked, 
physically addicted. She sure looked like an addict with her sunken eyes and 
vacant expression. I wanted to keep her right on the knife's edge of addiction 
without letting her go over the edge into oblivion. I wanted her to know what I 
was doing to her, to feel the humiliation. I also wanted her to crave the drug, 
to need it more than anything else, more especially than her pride. I began 
varying the times and amounts I gave her, actually reducing the dose. I'd let 
her go cold turkey for awhile before I gave her another fix so that she stayed 
confused and shaky, but aware of what was happening to her. As soon as I'd come 
in the room, I could see her staring at me, looking for the drugs. I could see 
the hunger in her eyes, eyes which were no longer so dull but burned with anger. 
I'd make her ask, beg really, for the opium before I'd give it to her. That was 
to teach her who was in charge now. I had the upper hand here, and she was going 
to acknowledge it. .Besides, I liked watching her crawl. I liked hearing her beg 
for her drugs- though she didn't even know what it was she was asking for. She'd 
just begged for "it", " Give it to me, pleaseeee! I need it!" I loved to hear 
her beg! And she gave me what I wanted- eventually. That must have been hard for 
her, proud as she was. It was great, almost sexual. Then I demanded more. I told 
her that she must beg me to let her suck my cock before I would give her the 
opium. That got a rise out of her. She refused, of course, and called me a 
"dirty, cock sucking son-of a-bitch pervert", I think it was.. I just sat there 
on the bed, toying with the little ball of opium, ignoring her. She fought it 
for a long time, her eyes fixed on that ball of opium every second. I could see 
her mind working, frantically trying to figure out some way to get the opium 
without submitting to me. She knew there was no way, but for a while her pride 
wouldn't let her give in to me even when she began to shake and sweat. 

Eventually of course, she gave in rather than deny herself the drug she craved 
more than life itself. Finally she said, "All right, I'll suck your cock." I 
told her that was not what I wanted; I told her that she must beg to be allowed 
to suck my cock." She couldn't choked out the words. She needed more motivation. 
I've had that problem with other women. So, I decided to speed things up a 
little, give her a little more motivation. It's surprising how many everyday 
items can be used to inflict pain. I thought that she might need a little 
persuasion, so I had brought with me some of the crushed red peppers the Koreans 
use to flavor food, peppers I had the cook mix with oil to make a sticky paste. 
Amazing what that stuff can do if you put a big gob of it on a sensitive spot - 
like her clitoris. I spread it there and over her cunt lips- using the handle of 
a hair brush- and sat back down to watch. She was already sweating, but in about 
five minutes the sweat began to pour out of her. She began to move her hips in 
little circles, moaning and trying to rub herself against the bed sheets. It 
must have felt like she was on fire down there! She cursed me a bit, but I could 
see the pain building -along with the craving for the opium. I just watched and 
waited. She made one last attempt to avoid the inevitable before choking out a " 
Please.... let me.... suck...your cock." between clenched teeth. I was enjoying 
this. "Sir", I told her, " you didn't say Sir" "Sir", she begged, " May I suck 
your cock,.... please !" I knew what those words must have cost her; they were 
no doubt more distasteful to her than the cock sucking she was being forced to 
perform. The sight of her face as she said this and the sound of her words were 
better than a climax for me. The blow job was merely the desert after that. I 
knelt over her face and fed her my erect cock. Amanda opened her mouth and took 
the head into her mouth. I could see the tears forming in her eyes as she glared 
up at me. She worked her tongue over the head of my cock, swirling it around the 
head and then licking the sensitive ridge underneath for a second before going 
back to the cock head and starting all over again. Oh, she was an experienced 
cock sucker, no doubt about that. And she wanted to get this over with and get 
her opium no doubt. I wasn't in such a hurry. I liked the sight of my cock 
sticking out of her face, the crude sucking sounds coming out of her mouth, and 
the way the tears were running down her cheeks, all while her eyes were shooting 
daggers of hate at me. No doubt the thought of making me a gelding went through 
her mind at that point, but I figured that she won't have enough left in her to 
do it, what with the desire for the drugs and the pain she was feeling from the 
red hot peppers still working on her clit. I was right. I raped her mouth, and 
she took it.

 After a few minutes of her well educated tongue, I took her head in 
both hands and began pulling her face back and forth over my cock. Gently at 
first, I fucked her face, thrusting progressively harder and deeper into her 
mouth as I felt the pressure of the come building in my balls. I forced myself 
down her throat, burying her nose in my cock hairs, again and again. I could 
hear her gagging and choking, but I didn't care. I rode her face as long and as 
hard as I could, loving the choking whimpers coming from her as I raped her 
mouth. I held off for as long as I could. When I felt myself coming, I rammed my 
cock in further- all the way into her throat- before I started to shoot. I held 
it there so she had to swallow my juices or choke. I could actually feel her 
throat constricting around my cock, squeezing the come out of it. When I knew 
she had swallowed most of the load of come, I pulled out. Then, I wiped my cock 
on her face, smearing the cock head over her face, letting bits and spurts of 
come dribble out onto her skin to mix with the tears. I left her with a spider's 
web of white come all over her model's face. Then I wiped the burning pepper 
paste off her cunt - which was a bright and angry red by then-and gave her the 
opium- the climax she craved. I watched her until she was out, dreaming -I 
hoped- of cocks raping her. I'd won my first victory over Amanda; the rest would 
be easier.

Besides using her mouth that one time, I also kept changing the object I kept in 
her cunt as the fancy struck me. One time it would be the handle of the toilet 
brush, another time a round bottle of shampoo, and even her brass name plate 
from her desk.. The vee shaped solid brass name plate- carefully engraved MAJOR 
AMANDA THOMPSON- was my favorite. Eventually I got it to go in all the way up to 
the T of THOMPSON though it was quite a struggle the first time I did it. I had 
my video camera and took some pictures of her like this. That seemed to set her 
off even with the drugs in her. I'd masturbate her with the objects in her cunt 
as well. When I did that after a dose had begun to take effect but before she 
was in la-la land, I could see her begin to get into it. She would be moving her 
hips with the thrusts and moaning a little. Course, I didn't let her cum. I'd 
stop just when she began to sweat. Then I'd smear some of the hot pepper paste 
on her wet cunt lips and clit - taking care not to get any on my skin-and walk 
out the door smiling, leaving her still trying to satisfy herself by humping the 
thing in her cunt against the bed. Until the peppers began to burn. Then she 
forgot all about sex and started learning about pain.

By now she was getting a little too rank even for me. Particularly after I gave 
her some stuff to take care of her constipation and clean her out for what I 
planned next. I took the Korean houseboy aside and ask him how he'd like to earn 
$50. The houseboy, a dried up old man actually, didn't bat an eye when I told 
him about the special cleaning job I wanted done. He knew that I was in tight 
with Kim. And even if the GI's were unsure what was going on, I knew that the 
Koreans had figured it out. Not that it mattered; as long as Kim was backing me, 
they would keep their mouths shut. And after cleaning Americans' dirty boots and 
toilets for 30 years, this one was more than willing to have some fun at this 
American woman's expense.

I didn't go in with him. I watched from outside the single window, having moved 
the shades to the side just enough that I could see in. Amanda was coming down 
after the last dose. The sight of the old man coming toward her with his brushes 
and pail must have at first seemed like an answer to her prayers, as if her 
rescue was at hand. In her relief, she didn't even seem to remember that she was 
nude with her name plate sticking out of her cunt. He untied her legs as she 
croaked out her thanks to him. But then he retied them to a length of broom 
stick. I watched her face fall as her hopes of a rescue disappeared. For a 
moment, she could not accept it. Then she screamed a disbelieving "NO" and 
started struggling wildly, coming apart entirely. Smiling and nodding to her as 
he jabbered in Korean to himself, the old man acted just as if what he were 
doing were the most routine thing in the world as he lifted her off the bed and 
dropped her on her ass on the cold concrete so he could strip the sodden 
bedclothes. When he had done that, he turned his attention to her. Using a rag- 
and a stiff brush- he bathed her with cold water from his pail, taking care to 
spend the maximum time pawing her body as he did his cleaning. While I had told 
him, "no fuckee", I didn't say anything about feeling her up as he worked. The 
expression on her tear streaked face was one of total humiliation as she sat 
there on the floor, nude and helpless, as someone she had treated as dirt washed 
and probed her most private parts. Her anguished look as he pulled the name 
plate out of her cunt and pointed to the name and giggled before going back to 
cleaning her cunt with the rag was almost enough to make me come right there. 
The old man took his time. I was ready to go in and throw him out by the time he 
finished scrubbing and pawing Amanda. Then he redid the bed and literally swung 
her back onto it like she was a sack of cabbages. I was surprised to see the old 
guy climb onto the bed with her and straddle Amanda's nude chest. What he did 
next surprised- and pleased- me even more. He pulled his withered cock out of 
his baggy pants and began to jack off right into her amazed- and disgusted- 
face. It took him some time, and the old man was wheezing like his ticker was 
about to give out by the time he was ready to shoot. But shoot he did, covering 
her face with his come. It hit her right between the eyes, and ran in a thick 
stream down the right side of her nose and onto her cheek, marking her as it 
dried on her skin. I knew the humiliation of this must be tearing Amanda apart. 
All; in all, it was the best $50 I ever spent.




MAJOR SLUT: Part 2 by conwic@aol.com

I let her go cold turkey for about another hour. In the meantime, I went back to 
my small cubical and had a drink as I tried to calm down. When I could not wait 
any longer I went back to Amanda's room. I pulled up a chair beside the bed and 
sat down. She looked back at me with a mixture of hatred and desire. She knew 
that I had the drug she needed. She begged me for it. She was quite a sight with 
her right cheek was still covered with the old man's dried, sticky come - though 
she had made some headway in washing it off with her tears. I left the come on 
her face,; it made her look and, I figured, feel like a slut. I told her that 
too, about how she looked like a slut with the come dried on her face and about 
how she should get use to the feeling of cum on her face. I could see the 
humiliation in her face at my words, but it was the drugs which really occupied 
her mind. She begged and cried out for the opium as she lay stretched out there 
on the bed.. I watched her shake and sweat for a while, not saying a word, just 
smoking on a cigarette as I watched her. .I had one of the little balls of opium 
in my hand. As she watched and licked her lips hungrily, I rolled it around in 
my hand to soften it and then put it in the bowel of an opium pipe that Kim had 
provided. The pipe was new. I wanted to have more control over the amount of 
opium she received, to be able to dole it out a little at a time instead of 
giving her hours of oblivion. I was getting tired of having her unconscious for 
4 to 6 hours at a time. I could see Amanda's eyes following every movement of 
the opium ball, the hunger apparent in her eyes and even in her face. While she 
stared at the opium, I stared at her. The sight of her clean, nude body- and the 
contrast to her come smeared face- was beginning to have the same hypnotic 
effect on me that the opium was having on her. Tied as she was, I could clearly 
see her bare cunt lips. Amanda had forgotten what modesty she had left as she 
concentrated on the opium I held in my hand. The sight of it excited her. I 
don't know if it was all the physical addiction either. I think she saw a little 
of what was coming and wanted the oblivion the opium offered as much as the 
physical relief. Her nipples, standing out like little towers on top of their 
large, bright red aureoles, excited me. The way she was slightly bent back by 
the ropes left her heavy breasts pointing at the ceiling excited me. Amanda's 
labored breathing made them move invitingly, like she was offering them to me. 
Best of all , the arrogance of her face was gone now, replaced by a desperation 
which was a pleasure to behold. She looked better this way, I remember thinking. 
Now her come covered face was still strong, but it looked so much more feminine; 
her hazel eyes no longer dangerous but pleading. Her body had did not shown any 
effects from her captivity or the drugs yet. It was still compact, muscular but 
very female with her large breast and flat stomach, glistening now with her own 
sweat. It was time to put that body to work.

I lit the pipe and held it out to her, telling her to draw in the smoke and hold 
it. She tried, losing the first puff in a fit of coughing. She managed to 
captured the second puff. I pulled the pipe away as soon as she took her third 
puff. In a moment, her features softened somewhat as the drug took effect, 
taking the rough edges off her craving but not satisfying it by any means. 
Having demonstrated to her that I had the power to meet her need, I set the pipe 
aside and grabbed the broom handle securing her legs.. Then I flipped her over 
onto her stomach, her hands still handcuffed and chained to the bed frame. I 
took a jar of Vaseline out of my pocket and put some on my finger. I probed her 
asshole with it, smearing the slippery salve inside her tight sphincter. When I 
penetrated her there with my finger, Amanda let out a low "GOD NOOOO!". I could 
see the realization that I was about to sodomize her had shaken her as much as 
anything I had done so far. When I had her rear greased, I stripped and greased 
my own cock. Then I lay on top of her, fitting my body to the curves of her 
body.

Amanda smelled of soap, sweat, and fear, the finest perfume I have ever 
experienced. I covered her back with my body as I used one hand to guide myself 
against her tiny star shaped sphincter. I rubbed my hardening cock into the 
crack of her greasy ass, planting my head inside her. I wanted her to know what 
was going to happen to her, so as I probed her spectacular body, I was 
whispering in Amanda's ear. I told her how she was now my whore, that she would 
be fucking me in exchange for those drugs she wanted so much. I told her that 
she was now a slut; that she was just a whore, fuckpiece, a cumbucket. Then I 
took her nub size nipple in the fingers of my other hand and squeezed as hard as 
I could until she responded, choking out " A SLUT...A WHORE..A CUMBUCKET!" in 
response to my command to " Tell me what you are!". The sound her sobs and of 
the catch in her voice as that very proud woman humiliated herself- called 
herself a Cumbucket and a Whore- almost made me come then and there.

Instead, I got down to business. Spreading her firm ass cheeks with my other 
hand, I wedged the head of my cock- now as hard as an iron bar-deeper into her 
spinster. Amanda's body was too weakened by her prolonged bondage to resist me 
for long. Slowly, I pried her ass cheeks open as my cock burrowed its way inside 
her. God, she was tight. Despite her two marriages, I don't think anyone ever 
took her this way before. I had to stop when I was half way in; it felt as if I 
had put my cock into a vise. I wrapped my arms around her slippery body and 
hugged her, using my hips to inch my cock deeper and deeper into her. Amanda's 
whole body shook as the power of her sobs convulsed her body. I had never - and 
haven't since- felt anything so hot and so tight as her asshole that night. As I 
sank deeper into her, I began fucking her ass. In seconds, I was plowing into 
Amanda like a jackhammer. All the while, I whispered into her ear.

"CAN YOU SQUEAL LIKE A PIG, SLUT?...LET'S HEAR YOU SQUEAL, BITCH......NOW 
.SQUEAL!"

While I raped her, Amanda was crying and moaning, her body shaking as I fucked 
her ass. I had her trapped between my body and the bed as I butt fucked her 
helpless ass and mauled her sore breasts. Soon, she was doing just what I told 
her to do- squealing like a stuck pig as I raped her ass. It felt as if my cock 
was being gripped by a hot, wet fist, skinning it brutally each time I forced my 
way into her. The alternating "EEEGHHH"s and sobs coming from her drove me to 
the edge. I held on as long as I could, concentrating on trying to crush each of 
her thimble size nipples between my thumbs and forefingers. When I came, it felt 
like the top of my head was going to blow off. I filled her ass, and then I held 
onto her now sweat soaked, slippery, firm body as I tried to get my breath back. 
I could feel the come trickling out of her, running down my shrinking cock and 
off my balls. Amanda's body was still shaking with her sobs as I pulled out of 
her. 

I left her on the bed as I poured myself a drink from the Major's stash 
-Southern Comfort I think it was. When I had my breath back, I flipped her onto 
her back and sat beside her on the bed, sipping on her liquor. I toyed with her 
breasts again as I watched her face. I could see the fear there in her face. 
There was a lot more of it there now. This reminded me of the days when I was a 
boy, working for my Son of a Bitch uncle back on his ranch in Oklahoma. Breaking 
the Major was like breaking a bronco. You had to wear the bronco down, ride em 
until they had nothing left to fight you with. When the bronco reached that 
point, you had its attention. Then you could start training them. I figured that 
I had Amanda's attention now!

I stood beside the bed. I took one hand and rested it in her short, reddish 
hair. I looked down at her tear stained face and smiled. I gave her another hit 
from the pipe as her reward, and then cleaned the come off her face with my 
finger. I wiped the scum off my finger by running the finger across her full 
lower lip. I just watched her for 15 or 20 minutes as she relaxed, exhausted by 
her ordeal and soothed by the drug. Then I Leaned into her ear and whispered,
"You're mine now, Major.. I own you. You are my Slut! You won't be needing your 
uniforms now. Sluts don't need clothes. You'll stay nude from now on. But I do 
need for you to wear your rank as a reminder of who you used to be. You're no 
longer Major Amanda Thompson. Now you're just a warm hole, a cumbucket. But I'll 
fix it so that you get to wear that oak leaf you're so proud of all the time - 
even without a uniform. I want you to have that oak leaf on when I turn you 
out...when I peddle your ass to every 18 year old soldier and Korean dishwasher 
on the island. That's what you do now, Slut. You suck, and you fuck; and you 
take it up the ass. And then you'll say "thank you, Sir" after the man's 
finished with you. I'll see to that. Welcome to the rest of your life, 
Cumbucket!"

I went to the dresser and picked up a Major's dress insignia, opening the pin on 
the back of the golden oak leaf. The pin was about the size of one on a large 
safety pin and had a clasp on one end to lock it in place. I sat on the bed 
beside her, watching her face for the moment when she understood what it was I 
was about to do. She didn't get it until I began pinching her right nipple to 
get the nub to harden. Then I could see the fear appear on her face, covering it 
like a mask. She pleaded quietly with me, begged me, not to do this. She said 
she was sorry, though what she was sorry for I couldn't imagine. I ignored her. 
I held the tip of the large nipple in two fingers as I pressed the needle 
against the base of the nub with the other hand. Her nipple was surprisingly 
tough; it took a great deal of strength and a very long time- it must have 
seemed like an eternity to her- to push that needle through the nipple's 
membrane. Her whole body shook with her sobs, though she didn't make a sound 
otherwise. When it was through, there wasn't much blood, just a drop on either 
side of the penetration. Once I had it through, I locked the clasp over the end 
of the needle. Now, Major Amanda Thompson was in her new duty "uniform", nude 
but for the insignia of rank piercing her right breast. I took the laundry 
marker I had gotten from the house boy and wrote in indelible ink across her 
flat stomach, CUMBUCKET. Amanda was ready to begin her new life.

I spent that night with her and then moved in the next morning for good. I let 
her sleep on the floor at the foot of the bed when I wasn't using her. Since I 
had to spend some time running things in the detachment, I'd leave her chained 
to the foot of the bed during the day with a blanket, a bedpan, and a few puffs 
of the pipe to keep her quite. I kept her hands cuffed behind her back. In the 
afternoons I'd come back and play with my new toy. As soon as I got in the door, 
I'd take her on the bed. Either I'd throw her on her back and fuck her cunt, or 
I'd stand her on her feet, bend her face first over the bed, and sodomize her. 
I'd take her hard; I didn't worry about "her" satisfaction. She was my slut. 
Amanda had no choice but to lie there under me, moaning from the pain, enduring 
it because she had to- and for her puff or two of opium. Her ass was still tight 
, surprisingly so for someone I knew had been married a couple of times. I fixed 
that easily enough though. I got a small cucumbers from the cook and forced it 
up her ass, leaving it there during the day while I was out of the room. She did 
manage to shit the first one out, but I stopped that. I made her eat it as a 
punishment. The others stayed put. After I was satisfied, I'd take her into the 
shower, the only private shower in the compound, and wash us both down. Her arms 
were still cuffed; I'd hold her in the shower stream as I soaped and washed her, 
then myself. I'd make her kneel before me and do her hair. Once I washed the 
soap out of her hair, I'd just use one hand in her hair to hold her face still 
and then use the other hand to feed her my cock. Sometimes it took almost an 
hour of sucking before I was ready to shoot again, but I had the time, and 
Amanda had no choice. Then, if she had been good, I'd give her some food and her 
opium. If she had not been good, I'd use some more of that red pepper paste on 
her sensitive sex and my belt on her muscular ass. For someone who was obviously 
smart, she was a very slow learner. I had to use the red peppers and my belt a 
lot. She was obstinate. But then, even the opium can't really change a person's 
character.

Unfortunately, our little honeymoon couldn't last forever. I could sense the 
growing uneasiness among the men about the Major's disappearance. I needed to do 
something before one of them broke and alerted someone. The answer was simple, 
if ingenious. I would make them my accomplishes in crime. They were going to 
become shareholders, like in a big corporation, except Amanda's assets were 
centered between her legs. I was going to give each of them a piece of Major 
Amanda Thompson. Then once they were personally involved, they would be too 
afraid to got to anyone in authority. The more I thought about it, the more I 
liked it. Having her pull a train would solve two problems at once, the problem 
of keeping the men quiet and Amanda's continued resistance. I figured it would 
finally break her.

I set it up in the showers of the common latrine, a cinder block building at the 
south end of the compound. First I tied a doped Amanda in the showers and gave 
her a quick cleaning so she'd be ready for the evening. She looked so good bent 
over like that, I had to use her cunt for a quick fuck. After I fucked her and 
fixed her up a little, I left, locking the outside door on my way out. Then I 
sought out the three most despicable of the assholes I had working for me- 
Wilson, Jones, and Sanders. These guys would fuck their own mothers, if they 
knew who she was. I found them in the club, drinking. I joined them for a couple 
as I ask them how they felt about the Major. Some of their suggestions on things 
they would like to do to "The Bitch" were so crude even I was impressed. Then I 
offered them the chance to actually do some of these things. They were 
interested, but thought I was bullshitting them. I told them to follow me and 
led them to the latrine. I unlocked the door and led them inside. When they saw 
what was in the showers, the three of them just stood there, too surprised to 
move or even speak until Sanders finally broke the spell with a reverent 
"Mother-fucker". Amanda stood in the center of the showers. She was bent over, 
her hands had been tied behind her back with rope and then pulled up and tied to 
the overhead pipes to force her to bend double. I'd taken another piece of rope 
and made a figure eight around her chest and back with the middle of it, letting 
the rough rope encircle and squeeze the bases of her hanging breasts. I tied the 
ends to the showerhead pipes on opposite walls; I wanted something to hold her 
upright when things got rough. Even if her legs gave way- as they probably 
would, she would remain upright, suspended in a sort of swing or cat's cradle of 
hemp rope. Of course, when she did put her weight on these ropes, she'd drop a 
few inches, putting even more strain on her arms and shoulders. Her feet were 
spread and tied to the ends of the broomstick. I had blindfolded her with a 
piece of tape, but she was not gagged. I had her in some high heels I'd found in 
her room. It did wonders for her ass. With the heels she was taller than my 
three Judas's, so I put a wooden pallet in front of her and behind her for them 
to stand on. To give the boys a hint about what I expected of them, I had put up 
a banner on the wall behind her. I spray painted FTA- an old Army slogan- on a 
sheet in big black letters and then filled in the message with a red laundry 
marker so it read- Fuck Thompson's Ass. I decorated her too. Her gold oak leaf 
was imbedded in her right nipple, and sticking out of her cunt- its way well 
greased by my come- was her name plate, sunk up to the A at the end of AMANDA. 
When I'd left, it was suck up to the T in THOMPSON. She was moaning a little and 
struggling weakly against her ropes. She was high from the opium, but not so 
high that she didn't know what was happening. With the opium in her, I knew that 
Amanda would have a pretty high tolerance for pain. So, I had a little something 
to motivate her to cooperate with my plans. 

I had a TA-312. That's an old style Army field telephone, one having its own 
little hand cranked generator included inside the small rectangular box attached 
to the phone. It was small, but it was powerful enough to put out a pretty good 
voltage. Even better, it had a low amperage, so it wasn't going to be lethal, 
just painful. At least I thought it wouldn't, assuming I kept it away from her 
heart. I got the idea about the field telephone from a book I read once - 
something called THE QUESTION -about the way the French Paras in Algeria used 
something like it to torture rebels back in the 60's. I filed that idea away in 
my mind after I read it; I'd never had a chance to use it - until now. I had 
tried it out on myself once, attaching one lead to my elbow, holding the other 
in my fingers, and giving the crank a turn with my other hand. The current went 
from the wire held by my fingers to the wire on my elbow. It had a kick like a 
mule; I felt like a firecracker had gone off in my fingers. The pain was at my 
fingers, but all the muscles between my fingers and elbow convulsed, jerking my 
arm around. But it didn't leave any marks, just the initial pain and a strange 
tingling for a while until the fingers stopped twitching. Scared the shit out of 
me though! I thought it would be just the thing for Amanda.

I could see that her head had come up now, as she heard several voices. She 
started looking around instinctively- the blindfold kept her from seeing who was 
there. She called out softly, "Who's there?" and then "Please..help me?" The 
three men, realizing that she could not see them, began to play with her, 
surrounding her and running their hands over her body. Amanda screamed and 
begged them to stop of course, but that only encouraged them to be more bold. 
Sanders knelt behind her and used his fingers to spread her cunt lips open. He 
thrust his face into her sex and crowed, " Prime pussy!" , then began nipping at 
her as Amanda tried to escape his unwanted attentions by wiggling her ass. 
Nineteen year old Wilson was working on her breasts, squeezing and pulling on 
the hanging globes as the older, female officer moaned helplessly above him. 
Jones had his mouth up against her ear, telling her God knows what- probably 
some pervert thing he was going to do to her. Amanda was frantic at being 
manhandled by her own soldiers, fighting the ropes and moaning softly between 
demanding that they leave her alone The men ignored her, continuing to paw her 
nude body like it was a new toy. I let them have their fun as I attached one of 
the wires from the TA-312 to her left leg. I tightly wrapped the exposed copper 
wire several times around her muscular leg above the knee. I held the other end 
in my hand, the small twisted ball of exposed copper wire held at the end of a 
short pointer like piece of bamboo. Once I turned the crank, the current would 
flow from the contact on the pointer through her body to the wire wrapped around 
her leg. The faster I turned the crank, the greater the charge. In the book, 
they had attached one of the two leads to the man's balls. Amanda didn't have 
any of those,but she did have something sticking out of her that would do as a 
substitute, her brass name plate. I'd start with that.

"Cumbucket" I ordered, " Tell us how much you want to have your ass fucked!"
She just shook her head and replied softly, "NO, . I won't play your game, you 
BASTARD!"

She was feeling feisty. I waved the men back, and touched the contact on the end 
of the pointer to the metal name plate. Amanda was, of course, still 
blindfolded. She couldn't see what was coming. Then I turned the crank- just a 
single turn. Amanda screamed and - despite being tied to the pallet- jumped an 
inch into the air. I could see her body trembling. She had no idea what I had 
done to her. She just knew it hurt. It must have felt like a firecracker going 
off inside her cunt. Still , I was surprised that it would be that painful with 
just a single turn; the surprise and not knowing what was being done to her were 
probably worse than the physical pain, what with the opium in her system and all
So, figuring if one is good then two will be better, I gave her another shock, 
two quick rotations of the handle. Amanda screamed - a long, loud, wonderful 
"AAWWGGHEEEE!"- as her leg twitched and shook where the current ran between the 
ground wire wrapped around her muscular leg and the metal plate inside her cunt. 
The blindfolded woman shook her head and moaned.

"Now Cumbucket,.... tell us how much you want to have your slut ass fucked!"

"OK..OK..PLEASE FUCK MY ASS...............YOU' RE GOING TO DO IT ANYWAY YOU 
BASTARD!"

I still didn't like her attitude, and I wasn't ready to stop yet. I was having 
fun. I gave her another blast, four or five turns this time. Amanda screamed her 
lungs out now, even after the current stopped. I could see the left leg still 
twitching as the muscles convulsed. I knew that she was frightened and shaken by 
the shock, so frightened that she was still trembling even after I removed the 
pointer. My three Judas's just grinned and watched, all three rubbing their 
crotches as they stared at Amanda.

"WELL, SLUT?"

Now she really began to beg, saying: " I...I WANT YOU TO FUCK MY 
ASS..PLEASE..FUCK MY ASS. .I BEG YOU .. I'LL DO WHATEVER YOU WANT!"

Then I ask her how much the boys should have to pay for a shot at her ass. 
Amanda just shook her head and said "What?" Wrong answer. I hit her again, this 
time touching the pointer to the sweat wet metal and sliding it up her until it 
touched her cunt lips. I thought I saw a spark jump from the metal to her skin. 

"AWWWWGHHHEEEE!...OK, Ok, A DOLLAR...I'LL TAKE A DOLLAR. 

It costs a dollar to fuck my ass. Please! don't do that again. I'll do whatever 
you want."

I thought this a bit high myself. So I started to turn the crank again. By now 
she knew what that grinding sound meant. She tried to twist away from the sound 
, but the ropes held her. I brought the pointer closer and closer to her 
trembling body. This time I was after a different target. I pressed it lightly 
against the hood of her large clit and watched the results. They were 
spectacular. She threw her head back and howled. Even with the opium, it must 
have felt like I'd pushed a red hot poker against that sensitive part of her 
sex. Her entire body shook with pain and fear as I cranked that thing for all it 
was worth again and again. I wondered if she knew what I was using on her; maybe 
she thought I had used a red hot poker on her cunt.

"AWWWGGHEEEE! NOTHING!...It doesn't cost you anything to fuck my ass.. Its free. 
Just do it and get it over with. Please ."

 I was sure of the change in the tone 
of her voice by that time, a change from defiant to cringing. The Major was 
ready.

Well, boys" I said, " The Major gave you an order to fuck her ass. I guess you 
better do what she says. I think you should give her something for it though. 
Even if she doesn't think her ass is worth anything. We'll say a penny. How's 
that boys? Just put a penny on her back before you fuck her ass. That OK with 
you Major Cumbucket?"

"Yes,...Yes, just do it. A penny is fine. Please ..I'll...I'll do whatever you 
want. Please don't hurt me again!", she replied in a small, scared voice.

The first penny hit her sweaty back about 1 second later, and then Sanders was 
in her ass. I'd greased her up before hand so he just slid in. Amanda gave a cry 
and jerked in her ropes; that was all she could do. I wondered what she was 
thinking now, what with a man- a subordinate who was at least 10 years younger 
than she was - fucking her in the ass like a she bitch. Amanda was moaning 
constantly as Sanders plowed her ass, jerking her back and forth as he pulled 
her onto his cock. He lasted only a few minutes; the thrill of sodomizing "Major 
Bitch" got to him quickly. Then he pulled out, leaving her open and dripping his 
come. Jones threw his penny onto her back where the sweat held it fast as it had 
the first coin, leaving two small, shiny coins on her broad, muscular back I 
waved him back for a moment and put my mouth close to Amanda's ear, letting her 
hear the sound of the TA-312 cranking as I worked the generator's handle with 
one hand.

"Tell us you want another ass fuck, slut. Say- Please Sir, may I have another !"

She choked on the words at first; or rather on the humiliation of saying them. 
But she got them out between sobs, saying "PLeaseee..Sir..May..May I have 
another?"




Part 3
By conwic@aol.com

I nodded, and Jones stepped against her ass. He guided himself into her still 
open, slimy asshole and sank inside her in a single stroke. I watched with some 
interest, taking in the look of humiliation on Amanda's face as well as the look 
of pure, dumb pleasure on his. It was too good a scene to miss; I got the VCR 
recorder out of my bag of toys and began filming. The boys were too wrapped up 
in Amanda to object. The scene was even better on the small screen of the 
viewfinder. Particularly the sight of his cock stretching and opening her 
asshole even wider than before. It was making squishy sounds as it moved around 
inside her, stretching her little anus into a great big O around his cock. I 
panned up her body. Amanda's breasts moved back and forth with his strokes, the 
gold oak leaf piercing one of them shining in the bright lights of the shower. 
She was covered with sweat which also shined in the harsh lights. I could see 
her muscles moving under her shiny skin. I centered the viewfinder on her face 
next. The look of fear and humiliation in her face was tremendous. I was sorry I 
couldn't see her eyes for the blindfold, but I liked the idea that she didn't 
know who was raping her ass, that she was not only helpless but blind as well. I 
filmed the rape as it unfolded, recording her body as it struggled helplessly 
against the man's cock. Too soon he was finished, and a third penny landed on 
her broad back. One thing had to be done first though. I whispered to Amanda:

"Ask for another slut!"

Through the sobs I could barely hear, "Pleasee Sir..May I..I have an..another."
As Wilson buttfucked her, I filmed it, starting by filming the three coins stuck 
to her back by her sweat. Then I panned down to the cock invading her ass, 
forcing the other men's come out of her to run down into her cunt. By now the 
name plate was long gone, knocked out of her by the force of the men's strokes 
up her ass. Panning down, I found it in the viewfinder, lying between her feet 
with great gobs of whitish come covering it. Her legs were beginning to buckle, 
only the ropes kept her upright I think. I kept filming until the pressure 
against my cock became too great. Finally I had to find some relief. I opened my 
fly and stood against her face, guiding my cock into her mouth. Amanda didn't 
resist as I guided it into her mouth. At first, I kept a thumb between her back 
teeth just in case, but she didn't have any fight left in her. In a moment I was 
fucking her face like it was a cunt. She gagged and choked under me, her mouth 
and tongue unknowingly massaging my cock as she tried to breath. One handed, I 
went back to the filming, concentrating on recording the cock plowing in and out 
of her slack asshole. Sanders and Jones were pretty used up , and Wilson was 
fading fast. I had enough presence of mind to tell Sanders to find some more of 
his friends to help us out. I'd planned it that way; I wanted everybody 
involved. And I wanted the invitation to come from somebody else.

Wilson was grunting like the pig he was as he fucked her, pounding into her ass 
like a jackhammer. I was pounding my cock into her face, forcing my cock past 
her tonsils down into her throat. We picked up a common rhythm. I had to put 
down the camera and concentrate on the fucking. I used both hands now on her 
head, holding it steady as I fucked her face. The two of us had her trapped 
between us; we were impaling her body from both ends. All Amanda could do was 
grunt and moan as we used her. We finished at about the sametime. I forced her 
to swallow my come- it felt like there was at least a gallon of the stuff. The 
come filled her mouth and overflowed onto her chin despite her best effort to 
choke it down. I left it there, dripping from her thick lips onto her chin when 
I withdrew. 

When four more men arrived I explained the rules to them, one penny a fuck. 
After the next penny landed on her back and Amanda said her "Please sir, may I 
have another", the next man was in her. He took her in the cunt; Amanda's 
asshole was getting a bit sloppy by now. I let a few use her before I brought 
out the camera again. By then there were nine or ten pennies on her back, one 
for each rape she had endured so far. I gave her a couple of puffs on the opium 
pipe to keep her going. She was moaning constantly as she drifted off into her 
private hell; but for the ropes suspending her, she would have ended up face 
down on the concrete floor. Over the rest of the evening, more men arrived, and 
the ones who had already had her came back for more. I filmed man after man 
using her cunt or ass, slapping her butt, squeezing her hanging breasts- using 
her like the slut she now was. Slowly the pile of pennies grew until they 
covered her back and fell onto the floor. I alternated between giving her puffs 
of opium and short blasts from the TA-312 to keep her both going and aware of 
what was happening to her. I wanted her to know that she had become the bitch 
dog for her own men; that she was being fucked and sodomized by a gang of 18 to 
22 year olds- Whites, Blacks, and a couple in-between- all of whom she 
outranked. Rank was very big with her, you know. And I filmed it all to show to 
her later! I filmed the streams of come running out of her asshole and cunt, 
dripping onto the floor to cover her name plate until all the camera could read 
of it was the AM of AMANDA. I filmed the pile of coins growing slowly, each one 
representing the humiliation of another rape. I tell you, I missed my calling. I 
would have made a fortune in Hollywood- if Hollywood did this sort of show. I 
don't know how long it went on. It seemed as if there was an endless stream of 
men using her. I counted the pennies later. There were 26 pennies from the 
eleven men,. plus one from me for a total of 27 rapes of her ass or cunt. I 
didn't charge the men using her face. I paid my penny when I took her in the ass 
after I had rested from coming in her mouth. Fucking her ass felt unreal; I felt 
as if my cock was in a thick, warm soup made up of the come of other men. And 
her ass chute was loose. It was like fucking a twenty dollar whore's cunt on 
payday. How very different from that first time I took her ass! God, she was a 
mess! Her asshole was wide open and dripping come. Her muscular ass was covered 
in our come; it was running out of both her holes in a steady stream to cover 
her crotch. It ran in greyish white streams down her leg. Even the floor 
underneath her was sticky with the white stuff. Several men had not been able to 
wait; they had shoot their loads onto her blindfolded face, leaving her cheeks, 
forehead, and even her short hair covered with their white come. Her full red 
lips and her chin were coated with my come and that of three or four other men 
who had used her mouth. The rest of her strong body was soaking wet from her 
sweat and the sweat of the men using her; it glued the pennies covering her back 
to her skin despite the pounding she was getting from the cock of the man raping 
her. Her weight rested on the ropes around her back and chest now, letting her 
upper body move back and forth in time with the thrusts of the cock rutting in 
her ass or cunt. Her arms were pointing almost straight up, twisting those arms 
almost out of her shoulder joints. Her breasts were a deep angry red both from 
the abuse they got from the men and from the way the ropes cut into the bases of 
each breast, closing the veins just beneath the skin and keeping the blood 
trapped in her breasts. Her nipples were swollen from the trapped blood until 
they were as large as my thumb. The pressure of the trapped blood was so great 
that I could see drops of blood oozing out of her skin around the golden oak 
leaf piercing her right nipple. I had made Amanda into a Cumbucket- just as I 
had promised her. And with each penny, she softly ask, "Please Sir, may I have 
another." She did it automatically; I rarely had to remind her with the 
generator. I saved the pennies for Amanda, you know. I put them in a plastic bag 
which I later hung around her neck. I wanted her to have something to remember 
that night by. 

I had one more thing I wanted of her. First I had to get her attention since by 
now she was just hanging in the cat's cradle I'd made for her. I cranked the 
generator as hard as I could- the sound got through to her instantly, and then I 
touched the pointer to her slit, forcing it past the little hood to her clit 
itself. I kept it there as she danced and twitched, holding it study against her 
skin until her scream broke into a horse croak. Then I scooped up a handful of 
the come running out of her ass and brought it to her face. It was a mixture of 
her shit and the come of a dozen men, luke warm, drying, and sticky, enough to 
fill the palm of my hand. I held the pool of scum to her mouth and whispered 
into her ear, "Lick it up Slut"

Amanda cleaned my hand of the come, slowly and painfully licking it into her 
mouth like a cat would lick up a bowl of milk. It took a long time until the 
come puddle was gone. When the palm of my hand was clean and shiny, and I took 
my hand away; she croaked weakly, "Please sir, may I have another."
 
After the gang bang in the showers, things settled into a comfortable routine- 
at least for me. The degradation of being raped by every one of the twelve 
soldiers under her command had broken Amanda's spirit and with it her 
resistance. Major Amanda Thompson had become Major Slut both in her own drug 
ravaged mind and in the minds of the soldiers who had raped her. After that 
night I owned them all. She became my cum slut; they were too deeply into this 
to betray me. I was on top of the world. Everything was going great! Which , of 
course, was when it all began to turn to shit.

I can say I wasn't stingy with Amanda's body. I shared the wealth. I took plenty 
for myself, of course. I liked taking her by myself. I liked the wet feel of her 
mouth wrapped around my cock or the tight warmth of her ass. But it wasn't just 
sex. I liked using my bare hand on her bottom, and I enjoyed using the rawhide 
whip I braided - a quirt like I used to use breaking horses when I was a kid- on 
that strong, sweaty body of Amanda's - on her ass and upper legs, her stomach, 
even on her cunt as she hung in a spread eagle from the door frame. I really 
liked using the field telephone on her too; it could make that tall, strong body 
of her's move in impossible ways against the ropes holding her. I was fascinated 
by the amount of punishment her muscular, but so womanly body could take. Even 
more, I liked the feeling of power I had over this beautiful woman, the woman 
who had been my boss. And most of all I liked showing off that power I had over 
her. 

When Amanda had taken over the station- back before I made into my slut- she had 
forced everyone to take PT every morning. They hated that, especially the long 
runs where she excelled. I stopped the PT, of course. But I decided to keep the 
runs. Only now, Amanda would do them alone. I liked her strong body and wanted 
to keep it hard and fit. All the better to abuse, you see. What better way to do 
that and to demonstrate my power over her than by making her run in endless 
circles- nude- as her former subordinates jeered her and whipped her on. I sank 
a metal pipe in the packed dirt area where we held the morning formation. I 
fitted a slightly smaller pipe into it and then added an elbow and then two more 
lengths of pipe joined together to make a shoulder height twelve foot arm which 
swung freely in a circle around the sunken pipe. On the end of that arm, I spot 
welded a short length of chain. I finished it about three days after the shower 
room gang rape. The next morning at formation, I brought Amanda out, nude but 
for her heavy combat boots. I had tied her hands to the back of the dog collar 
that she now wore almost constantly. I paraded her in front of the men, pulling 
her along by a leash attached to the front of that dog collar, letting them get 
a good look at her nude body. I loved the look of humiliation on Amanda's 
downcast, flushed face as I marched her nude in front of the men she used to 
command, especially when they began to chant " Major Slut..Major Slut..Major 
Slut". As their chants echoed painfully in her ears, I took Amanda to the end of 
the metal pipe and secured her leash to the length of chain on its end. Then I 
blindfolded her. I left her there and went back to the front of the formation. 

" Listen up, people! New PT program. Participation is voluntary, but I think 
you'll want to be part of it. We're going to start today with a two mile run. 
The Major will do the running; we'll provide the motivation to help her keep 
going. To motivate her, you'll need something painful enough to get her 
attention, but nothing that will break the skin. Or I'll break yours! You have 
three minutes to arm yourselves, or we'll start without you. MOVE OUT!"
As I waited, I walked over to Amanda. She was shivering, perhaps the result of 
the cold morning air on her nude body, more likely her fear of what was to come. 
Her blindfolded face was turning this way and that, trying desperately to see 
what was happening. I hadn't told her anything about what I planned to do. She 
had heard what I told the men. Now I had a private word for her. 

" Listen Slut. You have a long run ahead of you- two hundred times around this 
circle. If you don't make that two hundred times, if you fall and stay down, 
then you belong to them. I'll let them rape your ass. Not just now, but all day 
long. I'll leave you out here in the open all day- until dark. Any man- American 
or Korean- who wants you can rape you a dozen times. Asshole or cunt- I don't 
care. And no drugs. Only if you make it, do you get your pipe. Understand? We'll 
start out slow today. But you'll be running the two miles in fifteen minute 
before long. "

I have to say that the men showed more imagination than I gave them credit for. 
They came back with a lovely collection of makeshift torture instruments: 
several wet towels, a half dozen leather belts, a couple of electrical cords 
where the end had knotted and the tip stripped of insulation to produce a crude 
wire scourge, and one long, heavy wooden dowel rod. I formed them in a circle 
around the post and then gave the blindfolded Amanda the order to start running. 
She did fine for the first fifteen minutes, covering about two thirds of the 
distance, running strongly and smoothly, concentrating on her breathing and 
trying to ignore the obscene remarks and threatening catcalls of the unseen men. 
She ran beautifully with an animal grace, her body soon covered with a sheen of 
sweat despite the cool temperature, her large breasts bobbing painfully in time 
with her stride. Only when she began to slow her pace noticeably did I signal 
the men to start using their makeshift whips on her. Amanda, of course, didn't 
see my signal since she was blindfolded. The first man to make contact was using 
an electric cord scourge. He caught her across her buttocks with a hard swing, 
leaving a roadmap of tiny red lines on the untanned flesh. The blindfolded 
Amanda gave a startled cry and bolted like a frightened filly. As she passed 
each man, he added his belt or wet towel to the assault on her butt, except for 
the fellow with the dowel rod. He laid that squarely across her chest, striking 
both Amanda's breasts at the same time with a solid "thud". That was when she 
screamed, a sharp, banshee like wail. By now a torrent of blows was covering her 
strong, sweaty body, striking her on the buttcheeks, the lower legs, the back, 
on her flat stomach, and on her bobbing breasts with wet towels, belts, and 
frayed electric cords. Each blow wasn't that painful, but the cumulative effect 
must have been mind numbing. Blinded, attacked from all sides, the pain making 
thought impossible- it all seemed to overwhelm her. For a moment, Amanda slowed, 
as if she wanted to give up, to escape the pain of the whips even at cost of the 
pain and humiliation of spending the rest of the day as their fuck toy. Then she 
got her second wind. The thought of what giving up would mean- especially the 
thought of doing without the drugs- must have given her new strength. She began 
to run and run hard. Amanda bent forward a little, as if she were running 
against a strong wind, and covered her face with her forearms. She still had 
some sixty rounds to go yet. She ran as fast as she could, all thoughts of 
pacing herself gone. After 25 rounds, Amanda's legs began to wobble, but still 
she keep running, driven on by the men's blows and her own desperate needs. With 
only 35 more rounds to go, Amanda was running on pure fear, as panic stricken as 
a run away horse. As she ran our circular gauntlet, Amanda's muscular body 
literally poured sweat; it flew off her on to the men as she ran forward against 
their blows. The expanse of her nude body was covered in small welts and 
bruises, small red areas which spread and merged until her nude body was a 
solid, angry red from her knees to her shoulders. Even her cunt couldn't escape 
the punishment. The snap of numerous wet towels- and the tortured, strangled 
screams from Amanda- marked each hit on this most sensitive part of her anatomy. 
If Amanda had the breath to spare, I'm sure she would have screamed out her fear 
and her agony until the sound would have deafened us. But she didn't have any 
breath to spare; she needed every bit of oxygen she could suck into her lungs 
just to keep going for that last 35 turns around my circular hell. And she did. 
Just as I said I would, I stopped the men when she reached the two mile mark. 
Amanda didn't stop. Her red, whipped body kept moving, staggering forward, 
unaware or unable to comprehend that it was over. I watched her body struggle 
forward, automatically putting one foot in front of the other, spellbound, for 
almost two full rounds before I stepped in front of her and stopped her. She 
collapsed in my arms.

I kept up her PT program. But I never again used the entire unit against her. 
Myself and four men vs Amanda were the usual breakdown. Later, three men and one 
woman; but, I am getting ahead of myself here. It became a much sought after 
privilege to be one of those four men- to be one wielding the leather whips I 
eventually had made for this purpose rather being one of those watching from the 
barracks. Amanda had strength and determination- or maybe it was desperation. 
She finished every run- except one! Only once did she break down and give up. 
Then I was true to my word. I left her there until dark. Her body was the 
property of any man who wanted it- to use as he wished. I let them use her there 
out in the open, left her there all day as she was fucked, sodomized, 
face-fucked, kicked, and pissed on by every man who could find an excuse to pass 
that way. She was shaking with withdrawals, covered in cum and barely conscious 
when I retrieved her at dusk. Just as I promised.

I also shared her body with the other enlisted men twice a week, regular gang 
rapes which I held out in the open in the club now rather than hidden in the 
showers. A penny a fuck, everyone welcome. Three holes; no waiting. The men 
loved using her, and a couple of them were pretty imaginative in thinking up 
ways to do it. They also liked humiliating her. That's why they favored taking 
her in the asshole and raping her face. Brutal and degrading sex. They 
especially liked reminding her that she was- or used to be- their commanding 
officer. I suppose that was why they liked to see her in her uniform. At first I 
would bring her in wearing just an unbuttoned class "B" blouse, a light green 
shirt with two large black shoulder boards with her golden Major's rank on the 
shoulders. But those light things didn't last the night. The men tore them to 
shreds. So, I started using something more durable. I dressed her in her 
battledress uniform, the camouflaged pants and shirt with nothing on underneath, 
and her combat boots. The men got a kick out of unwrapping her: unbuttoning her 
shirt to expose those big breasts of hers- one nipple still bearing Amanda's 
gold leaf as a piercing- and dropping her pants to her ankles to get at her 
other goodies. I got a kick out of it too. Either way, I'd have her hands cuffed 
behind her back and some drugs in her to ensure Amanda's cooperation. She'd 
usually start on her knees as their suck slave in search of her cum facial, but 
would end up bent over a table soon enough, a man in each end. They liked 
calling her names as they used her- Major Slut, Major Cumbucket, whore, bitch, 
... every hurtful, degrading name a man can call a woman. I'd be there by her 
side as they did all this, where I wouldn't miss anything, and where I could 
keep an eye on what they were doing to her. Making sure they paid their pennies. 
Her protector and her tormentor. I would plant myself by Amanda's head and 
whisper directions into her ear. Telling her to use her cuffed hands to spread 
her own asscheeks and let the man waiting to sodomize her see the cum from the 
men before him roll out of Amanda's used and abuse back hole, telling her to 
thank the man who had just dumped his load on her face, or telling her to beg 
for the big, hard cock somebody was rubbing all over her cum slick face. Like I 
was directing a movie, and Amanda was my star. And Amanda obeyed- silently and 
passively, her face a grim mask. It was all about power for me, but for the 
others it was simply about raw, brutal sex, about man after sweaty man pounding 
Amanda into a cum covered oblivion. The men, Black and White alike, were be all 
over her on these nights, literally burying her under a pile of rutting male 
bodies. One in her mouth, one in her ass, and one or two just all over her 
pawing her sweaty body and twisting her red, sore breasts as she serviced the 
others. By the time they were fucked out, her face and ass were solid white with 
their drying, sticky cum. It was a great, but it wasn't enough. I wanted more. 
So some nights, I made a little game of raping Amanda, or more properly I made 
Amanda the prize in a highly unusual, and humiliating, game of chance.
I called it the Wheel of Misfortune. I fixed up a wheel with twelve pie shaped 
segments and mounted it on the wall in the club. Just like a TV game show. Only 
the "prizes" were a bit different. I had a cross section of prizes Bob Barker 
could only dream about:

Rape her mouth
 Rape her asshole
Spank the bitch
 Phone Call 
Give her a Facial 
Put the Bite on her 
Use belt on her cunt 
Major-take a drag 
Use belt on her ass 
Rape her cunt
Your Choice 
Dumb Dog tricks

There was a little something for everyone- even Amanda, though the odds were 11 
to 1 against her getting that drag on the opium pipe. Still, it kept her 
interested in my little game. I loved seeing the hope in her eyes each time the 
wheel spun, followed by the crushing disappointment as the arrow passed by that 
thing she wanted more than anything else- her opium pipe. To show it was more or 
less fair, I let one of the men spin the wheel. I would lead Amanda around, arms 
tied behind her back and nude but for her light green uniform blouse with her 
rank on the shoulder boards, to each table by a leash attached to her dog 
collar. I'd call out a name, and the wheel would spin. Each man got one spin per 
rotation- we'd have 2 rotations in a night- and then had to carry out the 
wheel's commands as the others watched or be barred from the club for the rest 
of the night. Some were pretty painless- if humiliating. Things like the 
"facial" where Amanda would kneel before the man as he beat off, waiting to 
receive a face full of his warm cum. Or the "dumb dog tricks" where Amanda would 
perform for the man's amusement by rolling over, playing dead, and - my personal 
favorite- begging for table scraps. Now that was quite a sight, the once proud 
officer on her knees before some private, in the nude but for her open uniform 
blouse and the major's insignia piercing her nipple, begging for pieces of fat 
and gristle. Not much worse was the "Spank me". I loved seeing the 30ish Amanda 
turned over the knee of some 20 year old private. He would turn her firm 
buttocks a bright red with the palm of his hand as Amanda squirmed, squealed, 
and blushed an equally bright red in her face from the humiliation of being 
spanked like some schoolgirl. Others were more painful- much more painful. 
"Putting the bite" on Amanda was one of these. I had taken the serrated, metal 
jawed clamps off some voltammeters, four of them. I added a loop of wire to each 
to hold the lead fishing weights I got from the village. Where he used them was 
up to the man. Amanda's nipples and cunt lips were favorites. Her earlobes, her 
lips, and the soft flesh of Amanda's armpits were used by the more imaginative. 
Once on, the man would add weights until the strong jawed clamps were pulled off 
by the increasing weight. The men liked to make bets on how long the clamps 
would stay on- and how far the weights could stretch Amanda's puffy red, much 
abused cunt lips or her large, thick nipples. Amazing how malleable female flesh 
is. And how far you can stretch it. Especially the nipples. We could turn them 
into cones half as long as your finger with about 3 or 4 of the fishing weights.
Even more dreaded by Amanda was the "phone call'. Here I used the TA-312 field 
phone on her as I did in the shower. But differently this time. I attached one 
wire to a metal dildo like rod I would shove up Amanda's ass. The other wire 
went to a similar rod to be put in her cunt. Even with Amanda's high tolerance 
for pain, this one make her sweat as soon as the arrow fell on it. Usually, she 
would piss on herself as the rods went in. That didn't stop me; it just made the 
connection better. Even one "ring" would leave her withering on the floor, 
barely conscious. That was the one she feared most. The rest fell somewhere 
between these poles. I don't know which was worse in Amanda's mind- the belt or 
the sex. She had become use to being our whore, and she had a high tolerance for 
pain. I suspect the humiliation of the sex, of being fucked or sodomized in 
front of a crowd while crawling on her knees like a bitch in heat wore on her 
most though. Amanda dreaded these game nights more than the straight gang rapes. 
Here she had to be part of her own degradation, had to humiliate herself in 
front of the men who had once been her subordinates, her inferiors. She couldn't 
just lie back and submit as she could in the gang rapes. That blow to what was 
left of her pride was as painful to her as any physical blow. Even this was not 
enough. I wanted more.




Part 4
by conwic@aol.com

I also shared her with my Korean business partners. We were in the habit of 
meeting to split the drug take and talk about the next shipment about once a 
week. But it wasn't just a business meeting. No, Lee and his dozen relatives had 
to take their measure of me. Like I said, they were a clannish bunch. So I had 
to get drunk with them each time. They figure that they don't really know - or 
trust- a man until they have gotten drunk with him. I had to drink their local 
stuff, their sojhu, until we all were throwing up drunk. Now I went their 
hospitality one better, bringing Amanda to our meetings to entertain them. 
Letting them use her as their whore. They were very appreciative. They'd never 
had a Western woman before. But it was more than just sexual novelty with them. 
For them it was a sort of payback. They figured that the American Army had been 
fucking them for 40 years- taking their land, turning their prettiest women into 
whores and their men into houseboys. Now was their chance to fuck the American 
Army- in the long, tall person of Major Amanda Thompson. It was quite a sight. 

She couldn't understand a word they said to her, but she understood what they 
wanted from her. I saw to that with a simple bit of stick and carrot- my quirt 
and her pipe. I thought it was fitting to dress Amanda like a cheap Korean 
whore- a tight dress which barely covered the vee of her sex, some cheap 
jewelry, and a pair of cheap plastic, " fuck me" high heels. Lots of makeup. No 
need to bother with underwear; I knew that she won't be wearing it long enough 
to matter. Nor did I bother with keeping her tied up once we inside the house. 
There was no place to run in that tiny main room. Unlike the soldiers, the 
Koreans wouldn't share her. They took her one at a time according to a strict 
family pecking order running from old to young. Lee, the patriarch of the 
family- the grandfather, I guess, was always first. He must have been in his 
sixties at least. He could still get it up, but it took a lot of help. As I and 
the rest of the family watched more or less respectfully, Amanda would have to 
work to get his withered old cock hard enough to let him cum and get it over 
with. She would strip for him- awkwardly and with great embarrassment- and play 
the part of a whore. Just as I ordered, Amanda would stand in front of the old 
gizzer, caressing and cupping her breasts and moving her hips as she mouthed the 
usual whore's come on- " You wantee fuckee..I fuckee good..". Sometimes that was 
enough. Usually, Amanda had to kneel before him and use her hands to get him 
hard, to handle his withered balls and cock until he was hard. Some nights, she 
had to suck his shriveled up old cock for 10 or 15 minutes until she could get 
him hard enough to fuck. Then she would assume the doggy position and guide him 
inside her. He would pump away at her, gripping her hips and thrusting in with 
everything he had until he would finally empty himself into her warm, not yet 
sloppy, cunt. He was a pleasure compared to the young ones. It was like mating 
with a wolf pack with them. While one of the younger ones fucked, the others 
watched and shouted what I guess was advice or maybe insults between drinks. The 
more brutal the way they took Amanda, the more "face" they gained among the 
others in the family. They were a pretty conventional group, most were big on 
the missionary position. But they made up in fury what they lacked in 
imagination. They preferred to take the nude, moaning Amanda on her back, 
pounding into her with all the strength of their wiry young bodies, not just 
raping her but literally attacking her sweaty, quivering body with their cocks, 
trying to beat her into submission with their dicks, to stab her to death with 
their hard cocks, to impale the Western bitch. But it was her breasts which 
really fascinated them. They loved to abuse those large mounds of Amanda's, to 
slap them hard just to see them bounce, to twist her nipples until they were 
white, to squeeze her breasts like they were kneading dough. All while they were 
on top of her, fucking the shit out of her, screaming into her face in Korean, 
their spittle mixing with Amanda's sweat and tears. Her breasts would be sore 
for days afterwards, as would her cunt. 

Like I said, the younger Koreans fell on her like starving wolves- drunken 
starving wolves. Any one of them would have fucked her to death if I'd let them. 
But I won't let them go that far. In a strange way I'd become Amanda's protector 
as well as her tormentor. She had no one else to look to for protection. She no 
longer had any control over her own body. I had the control! She was mine! So, I 
kept them from hurting her too much while at the sametime I let them rape her 
strong, womanly body. But they didn't show me whatever it was I was looking for 
either. What I was doing to her- the abuse - just wasn't enough any more. I 
needed to subject Amanda to something more. And I needed something more from 
her, something more than her silent submission. 

I finally found the key to what I had been looking for right under my nose. I'd 
brought Miss Rhee , the camp whore who Amanda - back when she was still Major 
Thompson- had run off, back to the club to keep those assholes occupied on 
nights when I didn't feel like sharing my Major Slut. She didn't have any 
business those nights I brought Amanda to the club. The men totally ignored her 
on those nights when they had their Major to use, but she was still there, a 
petite, short haired woman watching from her regular place at the corner of the 
bar. She was the only woman there except for Amanda. The club was awash with 
testosterone on those nights. You could smell it in the stale, smoky air in the 
club. That rutting horde could have been all over her in a minute, and I won't 
have helped her.. But still she stayed. It didn't take long to figure out why. I 
could see the excitement in her eyes. And eventually each evening, I would see 
one of her tiny hands disappear under her short skirt and between her crossed 
legs as she watched the men roughly rape Amanda's face and asshole, her face 
frozen in a sneer but her eyes fixed on the Major's suffering body. Even after 
two or three hours when I would call it quits for the night, Miss Rhee would 
still be there, watching. By then, I could almost smell her sopping wet cunt 
from across the room even over the smell of the sperm covering Amanda. From the 
bar, she would watch me as I counted the pennies lying on the table beside 
Amanda and those stuck to Amanda's skin by the sweat and the cum, each of them 
marking a penetration of the Major. The pennies were my way of keeping score. I 
saved them for Amanda. I kept the pennies- over two hundred of them by now- in a 
big glass jar by the bed. The pennies had long ago outgrown the bag around 
Amanda's neck I had used at first. But I still had them where she couldn't avoid 
seeing them. Boring being left in bondage for hours at a time. So, I allowed 
Amanda to fill in those empty times by counting the previous night's pennies. I 
would put the nude Amanda into a hogtie, her hands and feet bound tightly 
together behind her back, leaving Amanda trapped in a painful U-shape for hours. 
I would pile the previous night's pennies in a large pile by her face. It was 
her job to count the pennies- many of which were covered in dried man cum- as 
she used her lips, teeth, and tongue to move them from my pile to the penny jar 
on the floor beside her. An incorrect count was, of course, punished severely. I 
figured this gave Amanda something to think about during those empty times. Miss 
Rhee wouldn't leave until I finished my count and carried Amanda's unresisting 
body off to our room- to a long shower and then my turn with her exhausted body.
One club night, I called an early halt to the festivities. After I counted the 
pennies- twenty three incidentally- I picked up Amanda's unresisting, nude, cum 
soaked body and slung it over my shoulder. I stopped by the door and called Miss 
Rhee over to me. She came reluctantly, but she came, unable to resist a closer 
look at the object of her fascination, Amanda's tall, strong, and battered nude 
body. Miss Rhee was short, like all Koreans, not even coming up to my shoulder 
and barely reaching Amanda's. Her body was slender but with a bit more heft than 
Koreans generally have. I figured that she was half American, the daughter of 
her predecessor as camp whore and some nameless G.I, which tended to make her 
lower than dog shit to the other Koreans. She couldn't have weighed over a 
hundred pounds on her best day. Her skin was a little darker and her lips a bit 
fuller than any Korean I'd seen. Probably had a Black G.I. for the proud daddy. 
Good looking in a doll like way. Jet black hair, cut in a wedge around her round 
face. Heavy makeup. Somewhere in her early twenties, she looked about sixteen to 
an American. Until you looked at the eyes. Then she looked forty. Her English 
was not very extensive; she'd never needed much more than " You wantee fuckee 
me?" and " ten dolar". Or maybe she understood English better than I did and 
only spoke in pidgin English because the G.I's expected it. I didn't know or 
care. She understood me well enough when I said, " You wantee fuckee Major 
Slut?"

I carried Amanda back to the room we shared, which had once been her room, and 
dumped her limp body on the bed. I didn't bother with the shower. I wanted to 
see her like this, with the cum still dripping out of her. My cumbucket. Her 
asshole was still half open with brownish cum still dripping slowly out of it. 
Her cunt was red, the lips puffy and open, with man cum that had dripped from 
her asshole coating them. Even the vee of her pubic hair was saturated in that 
cum. There was also a ring of white scum around her mouth. Her chin was covered 
in it. There were more sticky, white blotches on those high aristocratic 
cheekbones of hers, on her forehead, and in her short auburn hair. Her eyes were 
closed. She was totally out of it. I had given Amanda her usual ration of opium 
before I took her to the club to entertain her soldiers, as I always did. I did 
that because I wanted to fuck her mind as well as her body. I wanted her to have 
only dream like - or maybe I should say nightmare like- memories of these gang 
rapes. I wanted her to half remember a hazy world inhabited by faceless hard 
cocks where she was drowning in oceans of man cum, surreal memories which would 
haunt her occasional lucid moments. I wanted her to look at that jar of pennies 
and wonder if those images she half remembered of the men raping her ass were 
real or if she was going insane. That it loosened her up enough to survive the 
repeated assaults without being torn apart was an added, if important, benefit. 
But it did present a problem at the moment since I wanted her to know what was 
about to happen. And I wanted to see her react! About the time my mind was 
beginning to mull this problem, I felt a pair of tiny hands running over my 
back. I turned to find that Miss Rhee- working girl she was- had stripped off 
her clothes and was ready for action. Not an ounce of fat on her, except where 
it counted , and just enough there to produce a pair of teacup size breasts with 
dark, almost black nipples - erect and ready. 

" You wanntee, I wakee Major for you."

Curious, I agreed. " I wannte! You wake Major, You fuckee Major."

She didn't waste any time starting. She easily manhandled Amanda's big nude body 
into a spread eagle position on the bed, face up. Her waif like body had a lot 
more strength than it seemed. She gestured at Amanda's hands and held out one of 
her own. I pointed to the pile of ropes I kept by the bed for just this sort of 
thing. In a moment she had Amanda's hands and feet secured to the bed frame, 
effectively immobilizing the unresisting body of the larger woman. A quick 
search of the room, and she was ready to go to work on Amanda. Such enthusiasm! 
I was seeing a new side to Miss Rhee. She sat astride Amanda, her bottom resting 
on the older woman's right thighs. She looked like a child, perched there atop 
Amanda. For a moment she studied the terrain, the vast expanse of Amanda's nude 
body. Her small hands ran over the other woman's flat stomach up to the large 
cone shaped breasts, firm even now as Amanda lay on her back. She fingered the 
gold Major's insignia piercing one of Amanda's red nipples. Gently she explored 
both her breasts before moving onto Amanda's face, tracing her full lips with 
one finger and then stroking her hair like a child seeing something for the 
first time. Once she knew the terrain, she went over to the attack. She returned 
to Amanda's breasts again, cupping one large breast inside both her small hands 
before she lowered her lips to the nipple. She blew on that big soft, red nip of 
Amanda's, then licked at it like a cat lapping up milk. Miss Rhee repeated the 
process again. Amanda's eyes opened now. And her little finger size nipples 
became erect, hard enough to remain upright as Miss Rhee's tongue raked over 
them in cat like laps. It must have felt strange to Amanda. She would have 
become so used to the rough sex I took from her as well as the brutal gang rapes 
like tonight's, that she must have forgotten what a gentle touch felt like. 
Miss Rhee left that breast and went to her other one, the one with Amanda's rank 
impaling the nipple. She toyed with it for a moment, carefully rotating it and 
using it to stretch the impaled nipple. Gently, she pulled it away form the 
nipple until she found the clasp to the pin piercing Amanda's nub and opened it, 
removing the insignia of rank from Amanda's nipple for the first time since I 
had pierced her with it. Then she cupped the soft breast in both her hands and 
alternatively licked and blew on it. Amanda's eyes had closed again, but I knew 
she was still with us. She was moaning softly as Miss Rhee made love to her 
breast. She didn't opened her eyes again until Miss Rhee stopped caressing her 
breast. Then she saw the small woman leaning forward, pressing her small breasts 
against Amanda's larger ones as Miss Rhee locked her lips to Amanda's cum 
stained lips, her tongue thrusting inside Amanda's mouth in a wet lesbian kiss. 
That woke Amanda up. After she broke the kiss, Miss Rhee smiled for the first 
time. She was still smiling as she settled back on her heels, bent her head back 
to Amanda's right breast, took the big, erect nipple between her white teeth, 
and bit down hard. The sound that escaped Amanda's lips was halfway between a 
whipped dog whimper and a cry of surprise. She couldn't shift gears quickly 
enough to react. Amanda hadn't seen that coming. Nor had I. Miss Rhee shook her 
head from side to side like a terrier , Amanda's nipple still locked in her 
teeth. When she finally let go, I could see a tiny drop of Amanda's blood on 
Miss Rhee's lower lip. She smiled at Amanda as she licked that drop of Amanda's 
blood off her lip, and then she went on to the left breast, giving that nipple 
the same treatment. By now Amanda's body was bent like a bow as she fought her 
bonds, staring up at the smaller woman in disbelief as her pleasure vanished and 
was replaced by pain. Tiny drops of blood dotted both nipples now, only faintly 
distinguishable against the lighter red of the nipple. Miss Rhee licked those up 
as well. Then she sat back on Amanda's thigh, picked up the candle she had found 
earlier and a matchbook. As Amanda watched in growing horror, Miss Rhee lit the 
candle. She watched it burn intently , turning it in her hand to make the flame 
burn closer to the wax. When it was ready, Miss Rhee began.

Her targets were Amanda's breasts. She would carefully tip the burning candle to 
drop a glob of hot wax on one of Amanda's breasts, starting with the firm flesh 
at the base and working inward to the crushed nipples. She worked steadily, 
pausing each time to let the candle build up a quantity of the hot wax before 
again dropping that hot wax on Amanda's sensitive skin, alternating between 
breasts to prolong the ordeal for Amanda. There was nothing Amanda could do to 
stop her. She could only struggle against the ropes holding her hands and feet, 
the muscles of her strong body moving beautifully under the white, sweaty skin 
of her arms, legs and abdomen as she tried to escape the slow torture. Only 
Amanda's head was free to move, which it did, moving steadily from side to side 
as she shook her head in a futile, silent "NO". Her eyes remained fixed on the 
candle in Miss Rhee's hand as it dipped and hovered over her, bringing pain with 
each small movement of Miss Rhee's hand. She was mostly silent as Miss Rhee 
slowly encased her breasts in the hot wax. Just a soft moan at best, usually 
only the sound of Amanda sucking a tortured breath through her tightly clenched 
teeth each time a glob of hot wax hit the sensitive skin of her breasts. Miss 
Rhee was silent too. The two seemed to me to be in some contest of wills where 
the one to speak first must be the loser. But even if she didn't speak, Miss 
Rhee's breathing spoke for her. It became louder and more ragged as she slowly 
dripped the wax on Amanda's breasts. Bracing herself with one hand against the 
wall, Miss Rhee was riding Amanda's thigh. Miss Rhee was rubbing her clit 
against the hard muscles of her victim's leg as she used the candle on Amanda's 
breasts. The more Amanda struggled, the more Miss Rhee got off. Very clever of 
Miss Rhee. Miss Rhee slowly covered the skin of each breasts with the hot wax. 
It stuck to the skin as it cooled, the heat sinking into Amanda's breasts and 
building with each drop of hot wax until they must have seemed to Amanda to be 
on fire. On and on Miss Rhee went, slowly and methodically using her candle 
until both of those beautiful breasts were encased in a thin sheet of milky wax, 
under which the flesh of her tits had turned a bright, fire red. When Miss Rhee 
ran out of exposed breast flesh, she shifted her target. She then held the 
candle over Amanda's exposed right armpit. The soft shaven flesh there proved 
just as sensitive to the hot wax as Amanda's breasts had been- perhaps more so. 
Woman are so tender there. As each drop of the hot wax hit the white flesh and 
began to spread, Amanda struggled anew against the ropes holding her arms to the 
bed frame, exposing her armpits to the painfully hot wax. In a replay of her 
struggles as Miss Rhee punished her breasts, Amanda's strong body strained 
hopelessly against her bonds, desperate to escape the pain, her muscles moving 
under her sweat covered skin with a life of their own. Still, Amanda remained 
silent except for a soft moan when the wax first hit the untouched flesh of her 
left armpit. When both her armpits had been encased in the wax, Miss Rhee 
returned to her original target- Amanda's breasts. On Amanda's nipples the wax 
had cooled into little mounds, entirely covering both the erect, finger like 
nubs. Maybe Amanda hoped that would protect them from any more of Miss Rhee's 
hot wax. If so she was disappointed; that didn't stop the little Korean bitch. A 
nip with her teeth to break the wax along with a touch of the candle's flame, 
and the nipple was again vulnerable. Again and again, Miss Rhee covered Amanda's 
red, swollen nipples with the hot wax, pouring the heat into two of the most 
sensitive spots on Amanda's body as Amanda sweated and flexed helplessly 
underneath her, wallowing in the pain radiating from her breasts. Despite the 
cool temperature of the room, Amanda was covered with sweat from the heat 
generated by that little candle. It poured off her to soak the sheet underneath 
her nude body. Amanda remained silent through it all, only the odd moan escaping 
her tightly compressed lips. Silent but not impassive; now there were tears 
streaming from the corners of her eyes to match the sweat covering the rest of 
her strong body. I was impressed! Hard to draw a tear from Major Slut these 
days. The gang rape hadn't. I was even more surprised by what happened next.
  
As I watched, Miss Rhee leaned forward and put her face just above the reclining 
Amanda's. Silently Miss Rhee licked those tears off Amanda's cheeks. First one 
cheek, then the other was licked clean of Amanda's salty tears in quick, 
cat-like moves. When the tears were gone, Miss Rhee traced her tongue across her 
cheek to Amanda's lips. She hovered there, her lips almost touching Amanda's for 
a moment, her eyes staring into Amanda's. Then Miss Rhee caught Amanda's lower 
lip in her small, sharp teeth, drawing blood as well a little cry of pain from 
Amanda. 

By now the candle was just a stub. And Miss Rhee must have been very close to 
coming, courtesy of Amanda's hard thighs. I could see tracts of her juices on 
Amanda's skin. She planted that candle snub on Amanda's quivering stomach, the 
wax dripping down the short stub to run into her bellybutton, to free both her 
hands. Then Miss Rhee finished herself off, rubbing her clit harder and harder 
on the slick skin of Amanda's thigh as she rode Amanda like a jockey, both hands 
holding onto the larger woman's hips for support Not a sound escaped her mouth 
as the small Korean whore masturbated herself to a climax. Eyes locked on 
Amanda's eyes, she rode herself to a shuttering climax without any help from me. 
Finally, Miss Rhee came; she hissed between her teeth , her upper body leaning 
back and her head thrown up. Then it was over. Miss Rhee stared at Amanda's 
silent face for a moment, then she leaned forward and slapped Amanda across the 
face. Hard! Round one to Major Slut!

But Miss Rhee was not finished. She crouched between the Vee of Amanda's wide 
spread legs, her small body easily fitting between those well muscled legs. She 
turned to me- the first time she had acknowledged by existence since she picked 
up the candle- and said: " I fuckee Major Slut! Fuckee bitch good!". 

One of Miss Rhee's small hands spread the puffy outer lips of Amanda's cunt, 
letting us both see the finer inner lips and between them the still tiny hole of 
her cunt. There were traces of cum on the lips, both cum which had dripped from 
Amanda's gang raped asshole and cum from the few men who had preferred her cunt 
to her sloppy asshole. Miss Rhee wiped her other hand over these traces of cum, 
using them as a lubricant for what all three of us knew was coming next. She 
slide two fingers into Amanda's cunt. Then three. She worked them in and out a 
little, experimenting or maybe just savoring the feeling of Amanda's cunt 
gripping them. Then she formed her small hand into a spear point, the thumb 
pressed into the palm. With that she impaled Amanda, forcing it into Amanda up 
to her wrist in one sudden push.

Amanda was finally giving it up! She threw back her head and screamed again as 
Miss Rhee's hand disappeared further inside Amanda. Now she was into her up to 
the wrist. I felt alive again! I unzipped my fly and pulled out my cock, 
stroking it as I watched, wanting to join in but afraid of missing something if 
I did. As I watched, Miss Rhee began to pump her arm in and out of Amanda, the 
muscles in her upper arm straining as she fought Amanda's body for control. 
 
" NNOOO...... ARRGGHHEEEE!"

Amanda was screaming non-stop now. Miss Rhee's arm punched its way inside 
Amanda's cunt, slowly sinking deeper and deeper into the larger woman. I thought 
I could see the fist moving under Amanda's skin, like some invading snake 
twisting and butting its way into her womb. Amanda's big strong body moved 
around Miss Rhee's invading arm, trying to escape it, trying to crush it. But 
she couldn't. The arm invading her continued to penetrate deeper and deeper. Now 
Amanda looked like a human size puppet controlled by the tiny Miss Rhee. In 
response to each twist and thrust of Miss Rhee's arm, Amanda danced and arched 
on the bed, moving helplessly in response to the hand inside her, Amanda's 
screams marking each inch of progress by Miss Rhee's tiny fist. Miss Rhee's arm 
was soon sunk up to the elbow inside Amanda. She was thrusting into Amanda with 
her entire strength, twisting her arm and battering at Amanda's womb as Amanda 
frantically danced on her back in response. It was as if she wanted to reach 
inside Amanda and tear her heart out. I could not wait any longer. I straddled 
Amanda's head with my body, my cock raking across her agonized face. As she 
screamed again, I thrust into her open mouth. I gripped her thrashing head with 
both hands and raped her mouth. Uncaring of the teeth raking over my cock, I 
thrust deep into her, battering the back of her throat with the tip of my cock. 
She screamed around my cock, her tongue inadvertently, wetly caressing me as I 
fucked her warm mouth. I could feel the jarring, feel her body move in response 
to Miss Rhee's arm battering against her womb. I locked her head back so that I 
could stare into her eyes as I raped her, raped Amanda's face- raped her, not 
some anonymous hole. I thrust into her throat as deeply as I could while at the 
sametime Miss Rhee was doing the same to her other hole. Together we used 
Amanda's screaming, thrashing, helpless body, penetrating deeper into Amanda 
than she had ever experienced before or even through possible. I felt as if my 
cock and Miss Rhee's hand would meet somewhere inside Amanda if only we could 
keep this up. And I could see from the fear in Amanda's eyes that she had the 
same thought. 

I fucked Amanda's mouth relentlessly. The head of my cock butting against her 
gullet, the underside riding over her tongue. I didn't care if her teeth scraped 
over my cock. I watched Amanda's face turn red from lack of air as I fuck her 
mouth. Hard to scream and breath, especially when there is a large cock in your 
mouth. Every few minutes I would slow down to let her catch a breath of air. 
Then it was back to battering her throat. She continued to scream as Miss Rhee 
and I invaded her body from opposite ends. Then the screams increased. Turning 
my head to the right, I realized why. Miss Rhee's other hand had also 
disappeared into Amanda's body. One hand was sunk up to the elbow inside 
Amanda's cunt. The other arm had disappeared halfway to the elbow into Amanda's 
gang raped asshole. Miss Rhee was alternating thrusts- now thrusting into 
Amanda's asshole with one arm, now thrusting into Amanda's cunt with the other- 
in a two stroke rhyme like an old steam engine. Every hole in Amanda's abused 
body was filled- to a depth which she had never before experienced. I was half 
way down her throat. Miss Rhee was to her womb- maybe beyond- and deep in 
Amanda's asshole. I could see Miss Rhee's arms struggling inside Amanda, 
fighting for room where there wasn't suppose to be any.

. I don't know how long we continued. It seemed forever- especially to Amanda. 
Harder and harder we fucked her, trying to beat Amanda's strong body into 
submission with my cock and her fists. I felt as if my cock were made of iron; 
as if it was a weapon with which to bludgeon Amanda, to rape her mouth. And I 
felt as if I could go on raping her mouth, stretching it around my cock, 
forever. I could hear Miss Rhee's ragged breathing and the harsh guttural of her 
curses as she pumped her arms in and out of Amanda, along with a new sound. Now 
I could hear a wet, sucking sound coming from Amanda, the sound of wet flesh 
impacting on wet flesh. It took me a minute to realize that it was coming from 
Amanda's cunt. Soon, I could see her juices covering Miss Rhee's arm, shining in 
the room's lights. Suddenly, I could feel Amanda's body tightening. Then I could 
feel her shaking underneath me. It was as if she was having some sort of fit, an 
epileptic fit maybe. For a second I thought she was choking. I pulled half way 
out to let her breath, but the shaking continued. Unbelievable! THE SLUT WAS 
CUMMING! We were raping every hole in her body, and Major Slut was cumming!
The sight of her cumming drove me over the edge. I thrust as deep into Amanda's 
throat as I could as she bucked underneath me and held it there until I came. I 
filled her with my hot cum. The cum shot out of my cock in burst after burst of 
hot sperm. With each burst, I pulled my still hard cock a little further out of 
her throat, so that by my fourth burst of cum I was no longer dumping my cum 
directly down her throat but shooting it onto her tongue. I wanted her to taste 
it! I wiped the last drops of my cum on her face, smearing my shirking cock over 
her lips and cheek as I stared into her open, blank eyes, her body still shaking 
as she rode out the Mother of all climaxes.




Part 5
By conwic@aol.com

After I had emptied my cum onto Amanda, I climbed off her bound body and 
staggered to a chair. Without emotion, drained, I watched as Miss Rhee pulled 
her hands out of Amanda and took my place on Amanda's face. She took Amanda's 
face in her small cum covered hands and pulled Amanda's face into her cunt. All 
I could hear were the small liquid sounds of Amanda's lips and tongue working on 
Miss Rhee's very wet cunt. And Miss Rhee's moans. I don't know how long she rode 
Amanda's face. I watched Amanda work to satisfy Miss Rhee, bringing her organism 
after organism, the smell of two women in heat heavy in the air in that small 
room. I loved the smell of pussy in the night! I could feel it recharging my 
cock, getting me ready for another shot at Amanda. There was no doubt in my 
military mind that I had found the ultimate punishment for Amanda. There was no 
one was cruel to a woman as another woman. Miss Rhee definitely knew how to hurt 
Amanda in ways I'd never suspect! And to make her cum while doing it! But there 
was something about this which I didn't like. Miss Rhee was just a bit too 
possessive of my slut. Miss Rhee was going to need some sorting out. The thought 
of doing that made my cock even harder.

But before I had a chance to sort out Miss Rhee, a letter from Amanda's younger 
sister came. That put such a scare into me that I lost interest in either Amanda 
or Miss Rhee- for the moment. All I could think about was whether or not the 
sister suspected something. The letter worried me. It was so damn mysterious 
with its:

I have to talk to you. I think you know why. I am flying out to Korea space 
available. Since I'll be taking whatever is going in that direction, I don't 
know exactly when I'll get there or where I'll land. I'll call you when I 
arrive. 
Karen

I knew a little about Amanda's family from the letters and pictures I found in 
her room. And from the ones she received after she became my slut. Hard to open 
your mail when your hands are tied, so I would read her mail to her. I enjoyed 
reading those letters out loud to her as she lay there on the floor at my feet, 
gagged and in a hog tie, her eyes glaring at me as I read her little secrets 
aloud. So, I already knew that Amanda had a younger sister named Karen. I knew 
she was just out of college, so I guessed she was 21 or 22. I even knew that she 
had joined the Army too. There was a picture of her on Amanda's desk, all 
nervous looking in her brand new Class A uniform as Amanda pinned a second 
lieutenant's gold bar on her right shoulder. On the other side of Karen was an 
older man, hair white but still husky, pinning a bar on her other shoulder. He, 
I found, was their father; his name was Thor, if you can believe that. There was 
a family resemblance all right; they were a healthy looking bunch, typical 
Minnesota Swedes except for the dark hair. Karen had the same cheek bones and 
wide mouth as Amanda. She was almost as tall, the same sturdy build, and had 
some muscles of her own judging by another picture Amanda had with Karen in a 
victory pose with 3 other girls from her college swim team. Nice body- long, 
strong legs, slender waist, and a pair of breasts which almost matched 
Amanda's. She was a younger version of Amanda, though her shoulder length 
reddish hair softened her look compared to Amanda's butch cut. The hair and the 
lost puppy dog look in her eyes made her look a lot different from the self 
confident ball breaker her older sister had been. Softer definitely; weaker 
maybe. In her picture, Karen seemed to be asking you to like her. And afraid 
that you won't. Something Amanda would never do. I couldn't quite put my finger 
on, but it was there. The letters weren't any help. She wrote once a week, 
regular as clockwork, but there was nothing personal in any of Karen's letters, 
no sharing of secrets with her big sis. They were more like reports to her 
superior officer. I wished I 'd had some of Amanda's letters to her, but I sure 
wasn't going to have Amanda writing letters to anyone. I figured that was the 
problem. That little Karen must have become suspicious of the lack of letters 
from Amanda. The big question was, who had she told about this suspicion. 
The rational thing to do was run. I had a pile of money in that bank in the 
Caribbean by now. I could just disappear. I knew that was what I should do, but 
I knew that I wouldn't do it. I sweated about it for a day or so, then I just 
didn't care anymore. I was going to play this thing out, take it as far as it 
would go! By the time Karen's phone call arrived a day later, I was looking 
forward to introducing Karen to the new Amanda and was making plans with Miss 
Rhee on how to do just that. The voice on the phone didn't seem suspicious. I 
told her who I was and that her sister was "tied up" at the moment and could not 
come to the phone. Which was the truth; Amanda was tied up at the moment- in a 
tight hog tie, her hands and feet tied together to bend her nude body into a 'U" 
shape, a pair of my used underwear held in her mouth by a bootlaces, tied so 
that she was lying on her belly and breasts on the cold concrete floor of our 
room. Karen said that she had just arrived at the air base in Pusan and wanted 
to know what to do next. I told her that Pusan wasn't far from the station and 
that her sister would send the station's truck to pick her up. I told her to 
just sit tight and someone would be there in an hour or so. Then I alerted Miss 
Rhee- or "Mistress" Rhee as I had Amanda addressing her now- to make her 
preparation, grabbed Johnson to drive, and lit out in the cargo Humvee. 

It didn't take us but a little over an hour to get to the Air Force base near 
Pusan. I sat there in the front seat, sweating every minute of it. The guard at 
the gate just waved us through. Now I really began to get nervous. Suppose this 
was a trap? At the terminal building, I looked around for men busy doing nothing 
before going in, but saw no one. The area was deserted. It was the same inside. 
I spotted a tall woman in the Army summer uniform easily enough. I knew it had 
to be her; she looked so much like a younger version of Amanda. The big 
difference was the hair. Her's was a bit shorter now but still longer, and 
redder, than Amanda's- framing her face and giving her that soft, feminine look. 
God, she was beautiful! Not proud beautiful like her sister, but prom queen 
beautiful. But I could sense something in her just from looking at her. Or 
rather the lack of something. Deep inside, I knew that she had none of her 
sister's iron backbone. 

" Lieutenant Thompson?"

" No, I'm Lieutenant Lutgren" She replied with a serious expression. Then she 
smiled, and looked all of eighteen with her " please like me smile". It last 
about a second until she remembered she wasn't suppose to smile at the enlisted 
swine and went back to her serious, officer face, the one she must have learned 
from her sister. 

" Thompson is my sister's married name. Are you from her unit?"

" Yes, Ma am. Sorry. Major Thompson..." It seemed strange to be referring to 
Amanda as Major Thompson. If I used her old rank at all, it was to call her 
Major Slut. " Major Thompson sent me to pick you up. I'll get your bags."

With that I grabbed her bags and started walking, all the while waiting for the 
shouts, the running men with guns. But they never appeared. She just stood there 
for a minute with her mouth open, uncertain what to do; then she followed me out 
to the Humvee. There were seats for three in the front of the Humvee, but it was 
close. So close I could smell her- the sweat and the perfume and the flower like 
scent of her hair. So close that she couldn't help but touch us every time the 
vehicle swayed. And I could tell that made her uncomfortable. I had her in the 
middle. She wanted to talk, even though that was next to impossible with the 
noise of the diesel engine. But she went on and on, almost shouting questions 
about Amanda, about Korea, about the commo station. The driver ignored her. He 
just concentrated on the road like I'd told him to do. I gave her short answers, 
mostly grunts, which I could see were making her uneasy. I didn't care. I was 
already thinking about the next stage, about breaking her just as I had broken 
her sister Amanda. 

I didn't wait long to start my next stage either. As soon as we hit an empty 
stretch of road, I had Johnson pull over. I got Karen- I had already made the 
transition to thinking of her as Karen, my slut, rather than as the Lieutenant- 
to follow me to the cargo area of the Humvee. I told her some bullshit about how 
I smelled something and was afraid that a bottle of cleaning compound had broken 
and was going to soak into her bags. She climbed into the small canvas enclosed 
cargo area willingly enough. Threaten a woman's clothes, and she'll do anything 
to save them. But there was no cleaning compound, nothing back there except her 
two bags. When she turned to tell me that she didn't see anything wrong, I put 
the blade of my buck knife up under her chin. She froze! I slapped a handcuff on 
her left wrist and spun her around so she was facing the front of the Humvee. 
Keeping the knife at her throat, I ran the other cuff around a chain I'd secured 
to the spare tire which was bolted to the back of the cab and snapped it shut 
around Karen's right wrist. Then I forced her to her knees and squatted on my 
knees behind her, my body pressing her's into the tire, my knife still at her 
throat. 
 
" Please don't hurt me." She managed to stammer. " I'll do whatever you want"

I knew that she would. There was no fight in her, no backbone. I could feel her 
eyes following the blade of my knife as I brought it up to her face and moved it 
in a lazy figure eight there. She followed it like it was a snake. I could feel 
her body shake with her fear. Satisfied with the impression I had made on her, I 
move the knife down her body, using it to slowly cut the buttons off her light 
green summer uniform blouse. I like the way she flinched each time the knife's 
blade slipped between her and the blouse. It must have felt cold as ice against 
her skin as it touched her. When the blouse was hanging open, I slipped the 
knife under her bra between her two soft, solid breasts. I let her feel the 
sharp edge of the blade against her skin as I slipped it in. That brought a 
whine from her, and a little whispered "no". She gave a little sob of relief 
when I turned the blade and used it to cut the bra instead of her. Then I cut 
each shoulder strap and pulled the whole bra off her, leaving her nude under her 
open blouse. The uniform pants were next. I unbuttoned them and forced them down 
to her knees. I used the knife on her panties- light blue ones I remember. Not 
very military. I cut each side of them and then pulled them free from between 
her legs. I laid them on the tire in case I needed them later for a gag. But 
first, I brought them to my face, covering my face with them, smelling that 
glorious scent of woman. It made my cock even harder. She didn't fight me, 
didn't struggle at all. Karen definitely didn't have Amanda's back bone. She 
hadn't said much so far, just whimpered and cringed as the knife played over 
her. But I knew that she would find her voice soon enough. I pounded on the back 
of the cab to let Johnson know to start driving. The noise of the vehicle would 
drown out most of the sounds she made. As the truck moved out, I left her for a 
moment to pull down the canvas at the rear of the cargo compartment so no one 
would see us. That left us in almost total darkness. I unbuttoned my pants and 
pulled then down to let my erect cock free. I pressed my self against Karen's 
back, letting my cock rest against her bare asscheeks. She jerked when my cock 
touched her- like it had burned her skin. I wrapped one arm around her again, 
resting the knife against one of her fear erect nipples, toying with it with the 
tip of my knife. I let the other hand roam over her bare skin, feeling her flat 
stomach, the weight of her other breast, the fine hairs between her legs. Karen 
flinched every time I touched her, her body shaking in fear. I could smell that 
fear in the sweat pouting off her now. I put my lips next to her delicate ear 
and whispered to her about how beautiful she was as I inhaled her scents- the 
cold sweat of her fear, her day old perfume, and the flower scent of her hair. 
But, business before pleasure. With the tip of my knife bending her nipple back- 
and my cock hard against her ass- I began to ask her some questions. I ask her 
why she had come, who she had talked to about her trip, what did she know about 
Amanda and me. She wasn't very coherent initially. She just kept begging me not 
to hurt her. But I was persistent. I kept asking the same questions there in the 
total darkness, whispering them into her ear in a lover's voice as my knife 
pricked her nipple. Eventually, the terrorized girl's answers began to make 
sense.

I learned that she didn't suspect anything. The thought that her " I'm in charge 
here" big sister could ever be in trouble that she couldn't handle never crossed 
her mind. She said that she hadn't told anyone about her trip. That she had been 
at home on her thirty days leave after her basic officer training and before 
reporting to her first duty station and just decided to come on a whim . At 
first, I didn't believe her. I figured that she must have at least told her 
father even if he hadn't sent her. I put the tip of my knife under that nipple 
and twisted it a little. Just enough to draw a little blood as I whispered into 
her ear that she was lying to me. That I'd cut her nipple off if she didn't tell 
the truth. She was crying and swearing that she was telling me the truth. Then 
she blurted out that she had come to Korea to face up to her big sister. To 
Amanda. And to put her out of her life. From there, it all spilled out, her 
whole sorry life story starting with the third grade. How all she had ever heard 
when she was growing up was how great Amanda was. And how she had been expected 
to be the over achiever that Amanda was in school and in sports. I heard how she 
had spent her whole life trying to live up to other people's expectations of 
her, expectations that she was just like Amanda. And not quite making it! Now 
she just couldn't do it any longer. The visit home had been the last straw. She 
told me she hated the Army; that she was a terrible officer. But when she got 
home and told her father this, he won't listen to her. He still wanted her to be 
a career officer like he had been and Amanda was. He kept asking her, " Why 
can't you be more like Amanda?" -just like he had all her life She stormed out 
of the house and to a motel. A day of crying and a bottle of liquor later, she 
had decided to fly to Korea and have it out once and for all with the sister who 
had dominated her life. 

I had to laugh. She had finally decided to have a life of her own, finally gets 
the nerve to face up to her sister, and she runs into me. This girl- and she was 
a girl, not a woman like Amanda- had no luck at all! But it was great for me; I 
was home free! No one would come looking for her. I'd heard all I needed from 
Karen. It was time to gag her and get on with the fun part of my plan. I used 
her own panties to gag her, forcing them into her mouth and tying them there 
with a lace from her shoes. I hoped she enjoyed the womanly taste of the panties 
she had worn for the last 10-12 hours as much as I had enjoyed their smell. I 
put up the knife. I wanted both hands free. In her kneeling position pressed up 
against the spare tire there was only one hole available- her asshole. Luckily 
it was the one I wanted. I spit on one hand and used those fingers to penetrate 
her asshole. God, she was tight. It was a struggle to get first one, then two, 
and finally three of my fingers past her sphincter and into the hot asschute 
beyond. She was screaming into her gag now and shaking her head "no", as if that 
made any difference to me. I kept my lips close to her ear, against her sweet 
smelling hair so I could whisper into her ear. I told her how this was the way I 
took her sister and about how much Amanda enjoyed taking it up her ass. I told 
her a lot about the things Amanda and I did. I don't think she believed them 
then, but she would later.

There in the darkness, in the back of the moving truck, I sodomized Karen for 
the first time in her young life. God, she was tight. I spread her asscheeks 
with my hands and wedged my cock against her. I had to use one hand to get 
myself started inside her asshole. Once I had wedged the head inside her, I 
grabbed both her breasts and rode her hard. She bucked like a bronco, trying to 
get away from my cock. But there was no where to go. I'd get a little further 
inside her asschute with each of her bucks. It was like being inside a vice 
inside an oven - hotter and tighter than anything I've ever felt. Tighter than 
Amanda was that first night. A lot tighter than she'd been for a long time. I 
held her against me, using her breasts as handles, forcing her back against my 
larger body. As I fucked her I rolled her nubs- they were already erect- between 
my fingers and thumb as I squeezed and pulled on the rest of her breast meat. 
She threw her head back and howled into her gag as I rode her, her strong body 
fighting me every inch of the way. I was using my cock like a battering ram, to 
impale her, to tear her open. To reach a part of her no one had ever possessed 
before and mark it as mine. She struggled as long as she could, not giving up 
until I had penetrated her to her depths, until my cock had buried it's self to 
the balls inside her ass. Through it all I was whispering in to her ear, telling 
her how good it felt inside her , how hot she was, and how tight. I told her how 
I had taken Amanda in just this way, raping her ass as she bucked and screamed 
underneath me. I told her how her ass felt even tighter, even better, than her 
sister's. And I ask her how it felt to finally be better at something than 
Amanda.

Once I was all the way in, I stopped to enjoy the feeling of her heat and way 
her asschute gripped me- hard like a hand trying to crush my cock. It was then 
that she stopped fighting me, stopped bucking. She put her head down. I could 
feel her body relax in my grip. It was as if she had given up, had surrendered 
to my superior force. I began to ride her again. Gentler this time, slowly 
building the force of my cock thrusts, using my cock like a cock instead of like 
a battering ram. Her body moved with mine, limp in my arms, as I sodomized her. 
I used one hand to turn her face toward mine so that her cheek was against my 
face. As my cock moved inside her, I licked her soft cheeks, tasting the salt in 
her tears and her sweat. In the darkness I could not see her, nor could she see 
me. It was purely the feel of her body against mine, the smell of sex. and the 
warmth of our two bodies- like fucking must be for a blind man. I rode her for 
what seemed to be hours there in the darkness. I lost all track of time. With 
each thrust I made into her, her body becoming limper and limper in my arms 
until she became like a puppet controlled by my cock, moving this way and that 
in response to my movements. She didn't resist me any more; she moved with me, 
letting me control her, use her, as I wished. I don't know exactly when I came 
inside her asshole. My cock stayed hard enough to keep fucking even after I had 
filled her with my cum. I could feel it against my cock, running down the sides; 
it's wetness making her passage slick and keeping me going even longer. As my 
cock softened, I stopped fucking and just soaked, enjoying the heat and wetness 
of her asschute. I could have stayed inside her forever if only my cock had held 
out. In my frustration, I chewed on Karen's neck, biting hard enough to draw 
blood. I am not sure, but I think she came when I bit her. Or maybe, the bite 
just surprised her. I have started wondering about that a lot lately during 
those long Kansas nights.

But I didn't have much time to think about it then. The driver pulled over the 
truck to tell me we were getting near the ferry that would take us to the 
island. And there were always Korean police at the ferry. So I checked Karen's 
gag and the handcuffs, and tied her feet together. I stayed back there with her 
to make sure she kept quiet as we used the ferry She didn't make a sound, just 
lay slumped against the tire, motionless. I was quiet too, thinking about all 
she had told me. As I looked for the angle here, a new plan formed in my mind, 
one that built on my original idea. I had the driver drop us off near the 
showers and then tell "Mistress" Rhee I was back.. I cleaned Karen up a little 
there, washed the tears and sweat off her face. I wiped off her body, but left 
the cum, blood, and traces of shit on her asscheeks and upper thighs as a 
memento of my butt fucking. It was also a useful little reminder to Karen of her 
new statue as my whore. When Mistress Rhee appeared, I had her put Karen's 
makeup on. Like I told Karen, I wanted her to look her best when she saw her 
sister. Then I recuffed her with her hands behind her back. I left on her light 
summer uniform blouse with its lieutenant's epaulets- and left it open to expose 
her breasts- but stripped her of her pants and pantyhose, exposing those long 
smooth swimmer's legs and that nice red vee between them. I left her shoes. She 
was pretty passive as I washed and dressed her, not resisting, but not doing 
anything for herself. It was like she was in a state of shock. Not surprising 
considering. I also made her take a couple of short puffs from Amanda's opium 
pipe. A little something to loosen her up for the night's work. Then I put a gag 
in her mouth, one Mistress Rhee had made for Amanda. The little Korean whore was 
really getting into this " Mistress" bit. It consisted of a leather strap which 
buckled around the head to hold a cock-like piece of soft wood about 4 inches 
long in the mouth. I could see it already had Amanda's teeth marks on the base. 
Thorough it all , Karen let us handle her body without a struggle or even a word 
of protest. Only when I told her that I was going to take her to see Amanda did 
she show a real response. That got her attention. I could see the hope appear in 
her eyes. She thought it was over. She thought that her big sister was going to 
save her now from the big, bad sergeant! But right behind that glimmer of hope, 
I could see the dread in her eyes at the thought of her big sister Amanda seeing 
her looking like this- naked except for her uniform blouse, her face made up 
like a whore's, and the evidence of my earlier sodomy still leaking out of her 
asshole.




Part 6
by conwic@aol.com

I left Mistress Rhee there with Karen as I went to the club to explain that I 
had something "special" for that night and to explain the ground rules- stay 
away from Karen- to my eager assholes. Then I went back to the showers and 
stayed with Karen a few minutes while Mistress Rhee took Amanda to the club and 
got her started. As I lead a shaky Karen through the darkness across the 
compound to the club, I told her that she was going to get a chance to see her 
sister in action, on duty so to speak. I suspect she must have wondered what 
duty her sister could be performing at that late hour in the dingy corrugated 
metal building we were approaching. But she kept her thoughts to herself; which 
come to think of it, is the reason you gag a woman. I opened the door and thrust 
her through; she didn't seem too anxious to go into what looked like a very 
seedy bar even if her sister was inside. Though familiar enough to me, it still 
took me a minute to adjust my eyes to the dim lights, the shouting of the men, 
and the thick smoke. It must have taken Karen longer. I watched her as she 
looked frantically for her sister Amanda. I watched as her eyes were drawn to 
the brightly lit stage, to the nude female form kneeling there, her arms tightly 
bound behind her back by ropes which encircled her entire torso. The bound, 
kneeling woman had on a blindfold, making her face hard to recognize. But there 
was no mistaking the short, hair, the strong, if no longer tanned body with it's 
voluptuous breasts, or the shiny golden major's leaf impaling the woman's right 
breast. Still Karen shook her head, refusing to admit to herself that the 
captive woman in front of her was her big sister Amanda. But then, I don't think 
she had ever seen Amanda, nude, on her knees in front of a man, her face spotted 
with man cum -looking every inch the slut- until now. Hard to see the proud, 
professional looking Major Thompson in the degraded, whorish creature in the 
spotlight. I'd left Amanda's outfit up to Mistress Rhee, and she had come 
through. Amanda looked like she had been dressed by Frederick's of Korea, 
wearing just a pair of open crotch fishnet stockings and some very high heels. 
The rest of her body nude, shiny in the lights from her sweat. Around Amanda's 
neck was a dog collar. Standing behind her holding the leash attached to that 
collar was Mistress Rhee in her best whore's cheap, very short , very tight 
dress and - instead of her usual cheap plastic shoes- a pair of shiny black 
vinyl boots reaching up to her knees. Another Frederick's of Korea creation, I 
guess. In her hand was a folded belt which she was using on Amanda's bare 
breasts! She used the leash to force the kneeling Amanda to arch her back, 
making Amanda's breasts thrust forward invitingly- if involuntarily. It looked 
as if Amanda was offering her breasts to Mistress Rhee for her punishment. 
Already, Amanda's full, meaty breasts were covered with long, angry welts from 
Mistress Rhee's belt. As we watched, Mistress Rhee gave her another stroke, 
lashing the leather belt across Amanda's pointy, pain hardened nipples as well 
as the solid flesh of her jutting breasts.

I hadn't given Amanda her usual drugs tonight. And we'd been cutting back on 
Amanda's ration of opium for the last two days, leaving her on the edges of 
DT's. She was desperate- wild animal in a trap desperate. Now that animal like 
desperation came through in the way she moved her body on the stage. Instead of 
her usual semi-stupor, she was alert, searching for her opportunity. She wanted 
her drugs and would do anything- no matter how humiliating- for them. But to 
Karen, it just looked like her sister, the sister to whom she had felt inferior 
to all her life, was a world class slut desperate not just for sex but for the 
most degrading sex. And that was what Amanda was getting. Promoted by another 
blow to her breasts by Mistress Rhee's belt, she was now begging the unseen man 
in front of her to let her suck his cock! 

" AAUGHEE.. I'm sorry Mistress. Please Sir, let me lick your cock.. I want to 
lick your cock. I want your cum... I'll be a good whore.."

With every curve and muscle of her big body highlighted by the spotlight, Amanda 
leaned well forward, letting the man guide her open mouth onto his cock. She 
sucked it like she was dying of thirst and his cum was the only thing to drink. 
Amanda moved like the pro she had become, swallowing his cock to the balls with 
each bob of her head. Mistress Rhee gave the grinning man Amanda's leash, using 
her now free hand to caress Amanda's cunt, masturbating the larger woman with 
two teasing fingers as she continued to use the belt on Amanda's hanging breasts 
while Amanda frantically sucked on the cock in her mouth. The man was getting 
close. Karen and I watched as he used the leash to hold her head still so that 
he could face fuck her- hard! I could feel Karen stiffen beside me as she 
finally admitted to herself that this whore was her sister Amanda. And that 
Amanda wasn't going to be saving her any time soon. I suspect she also begin to 
think about the men in the audience who were looking at her and what they might 
be thinking. I moved behind her, holding her against me and running my hands 
inside her open shirt to caresses her soft, warm breasts. I held her close as I 
whispered into her ear all the things I wanted her to hear, my warm breath and 
the hypnotic drone of my voice filling her ear. I'm not sure what I told her. I 
remember I told her things like I was her only protection; that if she didn't do 
what I wanted, she would be the one on her knees on that stage, and it would be 
her own fault. Like what she saw in front of her was Amanda's own fault. . I 
told her that her sister wasn't going to help her; that it was her sister who 
had got her into this. That her sister was a fraud, that she was a lying slut 
just pretending to be so perfect. Again and again, I repeated some of the stuff 
she had told me when she was spilling her guts to me in the truck. Reminding her 
how her sister had ruined her life, and how she need to pay Amanda back for 
that. It wasn't a hard sell, especially with the opium in her. And I was telling 
her things she wanted to hear. As I spoke, Karen watched Amanda suck one man to 
completion, swallowing every drop of his cum under her pint sized Mistress's 
urging. Then her Mistress made Amanda crawl on her knees to the next table, all 
the while slapping Amanda's buttcheeks with the belt. When she got to the table, 
she ordered Amanda to sit up and bark for her supper like the bitch that she 
was, emphasizing her command by snapping the tip of the belt between Amanda's 
legs to strike her red swollen cunt lips. Amanda did just as she commanded, 
sitting back with her buttocks on her feet and barking like a dog in front of 
the laughing, drunken audience of men- men who had once been her subordinates. 
That man stood up and turned around, dropping his pants to presented his bare 
butt to the blindfolded Amanda. When Mistress Rhee told Amanda that it was time 
to eat shit, Amanda didn't hesitate. She just replied : "Yes, Mistress, thank 
you Mistress" and went to work. Amanda was spared knowing that the asshole she 
was licking belonged to the club's fat, greasy Korean cook, but Karen was not. 
She watched her sister eat that man's asshole, pressing her face into the crack 
of his ass with apparent enthusiasm. I could feel Karen's body shake with her 
revulsion at the sight of this. She would have been screaming her disgust at her 
sister but for the gag filling her mouth. I kept whispering in her ear about her 
lying sister as I walked her unwilling body into the light until she was 
standing beside her sister, who -blindfolded and unaware of her sister's 
presence -continued her degrading task of licking the Korean's asshole. I let 
her watch Amanda's tongue at work for a minute. Then I gestured the cook out of 
the way and spun Karen into his place, pushing her recently fucked asshole 
against Amanda's mouth. When Amanda's tongue hit her asshole, Karen would have 
jumped six feet but for my weight holding her back. I held her there as Amanda 
obediently cleaned the cum, the blood, and the traces of shit off Karen's ass 
with her tongue. I stared into Karen's big blue eyes as her sister licked her 
asshole and watched the foundations of Karen's world crumble. Her sister 
disgusted her! Amanda was a Whore!

I pulled Karen, all nice and clean now as well as totally disgusted, away from 
Amanda- who never even knew she was there- and let the cook have Amanda's mouth 
again. This time for his cock. Karen watched Amanda suck that shriveled worm of 
a cock to erection and then continue, totally repulsed by the sheer slutiness of 
her sister's actions but unable to tear her eyes from the sight. I figured now 
was my moment. I uncuffed Karen and gave her Rhee's belt. Then I told her to 
punish Amanda for everything that her sister had done to her. I didn't even 
threaten Karen if she didn't obey. I didn't need to. Karen laid into Amanda's 
ass like an avenging angle. Raising that belt above here head, she used it as 
hard as she could on her sister's full buttocks. With each stroke, Karen left a 
muddy red stripe across the tanned flesh. As she beat her sister's ass, Karen 
was screaming incoherently into her gag. I unbuckled it for her. Now She was 
flaying Amanda with her tongue as well as with the belt, alternating blows with 
insults.

" WHORE..SLUT... YOU LIED.. IF FATHER SAW YOU NOW.. HE'D KNOW THEN, YOU WHORE... 
HOW COULD YOU.... YOU BITCH.... LIAR... PRETENDED YOU WERE SO GOOD.. WHY CAN'T 
YOU BE MORE LIKE AMANDA.... BE LIKE YOU SLUT?..YOU DISGUST ME, YOU WHORE "

Ah! I love it when a plan comes together!

At first Amanda just kept on sucking the cook's cock. Mistress Rhee's training 
was apparently first rate, not to mention that Amanda had lately developed a 
very high tolerance for pain. But eventually, Karen's screams penetrated even 
her cock focused mind. She stopped sucking cock. Still blindfolded, she could 
not see who was screaming at her. She tired to rise, but Mistress Rhee and I 
held her down. She could only add her screams to her sister's, calling out 
"Karen?" as her sister whipped her ass until it was a beet red, all the while 
screaming " WHORE" and "SLUT" at her. And at the same time, the cook was beating 
off right in front of Amanda's face, eventually spurting his mass of white cum 
all over her upturned, searching face. Between the two sisters screaming at each 
other and the shouts of the drunken men, my head started to throb, like I'd sat 
too close to the speakers at a nightclub.
 
I screamed out "ENOUGH" and grabbed the belt. Unbelievably, Karen fought me for 
possession of that belt. She wanted to keep beating her sister's ass until it 
was bloody! I had to slap her hard before I could jerk the belt away from Karen. 
That left her standing there dazed and confused, looking like a kid caught red 
handed doing what she shouldn't have been doing, wondering perhaps if this was 
real or some kind of Freudian nightmare. I called a couple of men from the crowd 
to help me. I was just winging it now; I had no idea what I was going to do 
until I did it. I had them stand Amanda up. I grabbed a table and pulled it into 
the lights, jamming it hard against the wall to steady it. As the two grinning 
men held Amanda, I stripped off my shirt and unzipped my pants to get at my 
aching cock. I wanted to feel her back against my naked chest as I raped her ass 
just as I had raped her sister's earlier. Her asshole was loose from the 
countless number of times Amanda had been sodomized lately, so I had no trouble 
entering her as she stood there, her strong legs apart, her arms held by the two 
men. I leaned back , supporting my weight on the table and wrapping my arms 
around Amanda in a bear hug, pressing her sweaty, strong body against my bare 
chest. Then I told the two men to spread her legs as far as they would go. This 
made her virtually sit on my cock, her weight easily driving it deep inside her 
warm, loose channel. Her bruised butt rested on my lap. I could feel the results 
of the whipping she had received in the hot skin pressing against mine. I called 
on Mistress Rhee to fist fuck Amanda as I fucked her asshole. But as the little 
Korean knelt to go to work, I changed my mind and stopped her. I told her to use 
two fists, her fist and Karen's. She looked at me for moment as she tried to 
understand the words before she realized what I wanted. When she did, she gave 
me a big, evil, shit eating grin to match my own and went to work.
 
She grabbed Karen's left hand in her right hand and pulled her to her knees 
along with her between the fishnet encased legs of the blindfolded Amanda. That 
let Karen get a good look at her sister's cunt for the first time, nicely framed 
by the crotchless fishnet. She saw a pair of red swollen cunt lips still 
dripping man cum from an earlier fuck- the cunt of a ten dollar whore on payday. 
Mistress Rhee intertwined her fingers with Karen's to form one huge fist 
consisting of both her right hand and Karen's left hand. Then she put that super 
fist at the opening to Amanda's cunt. Karen didn't fight her actions. She went 
along passively, but she went along. That was good enough for me. Together the 
two women's joined fist pressed against Amanda's vulva. The fist disappeared 
past the cunt lips and out of my sight, into Amanda. I could feel her body 
tighten as their fists began to penetrate her. I didn't want Amanda to miss 
this, to miss seeing her own sister join with a Korean whore to fist fuck her. I 
pulled Amanda's blindfold off, letting her for the first time see for herself 
that it really was her sister Karen who had whipped and abused her. 

Her anguished "KAREN..NO!" turned into a scream as their combined fists pushed 
its way through her vagina's opening and into her body. I could feel the fist 
now, a pressure against the base of my cock. I held onto Amanda tightly as she 
began to fight the fist impaling her. It took everything I had plus the strength 
of the two men holding her legs to keep her under control as that giant fist 
impaled her, as the two handed fist of Karen and Rhee slowly penetrated into 
Amanda's cunt hole. It must have been like giving birth- in reverse! I could 
feel its progress through the thin membrane of skin separating my cock form 
their fists as it slowly, steadily forced its way deeper into Amanda. That big 
fist was pressing against the underside of my cock as it filled Amanda, trying 
to crush my hard cock as it filled Amanda. As it moved inside her, Amanda began 
to find her voice again between the screams, the tears, and the grunts.

" UGHE... AHEE....KAREN...UGHEEE.... NO...PLEASE...FOR THE LOVE OF 
GOD...NOEE...IT'S ...TOO...BIG...YOU'RE KILLING ME.."

While she was screaming and crying, I was screaming at Karen too, telling her 
that her sister fucked her, now it was Karen's turn to fuck her sister. The men 
had surrounded the two women. They were chanting " Fuck her, Fuck her" and 
stomping their feet in time with the chant. It was like some like some African 
war chant, low and mean. I could see it scared the shit out of Amanda. I don't 
think Karen even noticed. She had become so intent on raping her sister. Now she 
was chanting alone with the rest of us, but soft like. 

" Fuck you AMANDA...fuck you... fuck you AMANDA..fuck you "

The two fist were in Amanda half way up to their elbows. Mistress Rhee started 
punching into Amanda with their joined fists, drawing back a few inches and then 
punching forward as if they would batter their way through Amanda's cervix and 
rip out her heart. I could see Karen pick up the rhythm. They were both punching 
into Amanda's womb as hard was they could. The sensation felt great on my cock; 
it was as if I was getting a hand job as I raped her asshole! The pressure from 
the fist moved along the sensitive underside of my cock as her body convulsed 
with each punch. Each time she spasmed it felt as if Amanda's asshole was a hot, 
wet hand squeezing my cock. I didn't move at all; I just let that big fist 
masturbate my cock.

I watched Karen over Amanda's shoulder, her face framed between Amanda's 
wobbling breasts. She had a fixed grin on her face as she punched into her 
sister's pussy like this was the most fun she'd had all week. Really weird. I 
guess Mistress Rhee thought so too. She was looking at Karen kind of funny over 
her shoulder. Then Rhee just sort of slid back, pulling her hand out of Amanda 
without breaking rhythm, leaving Karen alone inside Amanda's cunt. Karen never 
noticed her departure. She just kept punching her fist into Amanda's cunt. 
Chanting her " FUCK YOU AMANDA" as she punched in and out.. The force and speed 
of her punches increased now that she was on her own. It was like she wanted to 
punish her sister for twenty years of unhappiness in five minutes of pussy 
punching. And I guess she did a pretty good job of it! Amanda had gone from 
bucking and fighting to limp as a dishrag by now. The two men had let go of her 
feet, leaving her hanging in my arms, her big sweaty body jerking with every one 
of her sister's pussy punches, her breasts wobbling like jello. Amanda had 
stopped screaming and was just moaning, a low constant moan like her body had 
over-loaded her mind so that nothing came out of her mouth but static. I could 
feel her body shake with each thrust of Karen's fist. And between the thrusts, I 
could feel her body spasm like she was cumming, cumming from being fisted by her 
own sister! I wasn't in much better shape. My cock was throbbing. It was so hard 
it hurt. I wasn't going to last much longer. It felt too good, like I was 
getting a hand job and ass fucking her all at once. The men were still 
surrounding us, still chanting, some beating off as they watched with their cum 
shooting on to Amanda's nude body, others holding their cum for later. 
I held on as long as I could. When I came, it felt like and explosion. I did see 
stars for just a second. Karen kept punching against Amanda's womb after I came, 
keeping me half hard enough to enjoy the periodic spasms of Amanda's limp, sweat 
slick body as my cock soaked in the warm, sperm filled chamber of her asshole. 
It was as close as I have come to complete and absolute bliss. And it lasted for 
all of 30 seconds. Story of my life.




Part 7
By conwic@aol.com

I was satisfied now, but it struck me that Karen hadn't had a chance to cum yet. 
After the pleasure I had raping her asshole, it seemed only polite that I give 
her a cum in return. I certainly wasn't in any shape to do it right then 
however. And I didn't want to share her with the other men- or Rhee- just yet. 
So that left Amanda. I slipped out of Amanda's ass and let her limp body lay 
back on the table. Even now, Karen was still pussy punching her. I had to pull 
her off Amanda. I grabbed the hand that had been inside Amanda. It was covered 
with a scum of pussy juice, blood, and man cum. Karen did not resist as I placed 
her hand against Amanda's mouth. I had to twist Amanda's nipples to get her 
attention though; she was still lost in the passion of Karen's fisting of her 
cunt. Once awake and reminded of the drugs to come, Amanda performed 
beautifully. She licked her little sister scum covered hand clean, like a kid 
licking the spoon used to stir the cake batter. Her tongue darted out to 
captured each precious drop of her own cum and blood flavored pussy juices- the 
drippings of her own cunt- which covered Karen's hand and forearm. Karen 
passively let me hold her hand to her sister's mouth; the expression on her face 
was stony, an expression of contempt. She watched her sister lick her hand and 
uttered only one word- " WHORE!" Amanda flinched as if Karen had struck her. 
Karen's expression of contempt stayed on her face even as I lifted her on to the 
table and had her mount her sister's face. I ran a finger over her cunt before I 
shoved it down on Amanda's tear streaked face. It was wet- just like Amanda's. 
"Matching creaming cunts from sister sluts." That's what I whispered into 
Karen's ear as I pressed her cunt down hard onto her sister's face. Then it was 
Karen's turn to flinch. I used one hand to twist Amanda's nipple to encourage 
her to get to work on her sister's cunt as I used the other hand to support 
Karen as she straddled her sister's face. Amanda responded to the pain from her 
nipples by going to work on her sister's dripping cunt. Amanda responded well to 
pain by now. It was our main medium of communication. I could hear the little 
wet sounds from Amanda's mouth between the shouts and cheers of the men waiting 
to rape Amanda. Of course, by this time, Amanda's cunt or asshole- I didn't see 
or care which- was back in play. There was already a scrawny PFC in-between 
Amanda's legs, plowing into her with all his might even as she started to eat 
out her sister. And a line forming behind him. Karen got to watch - and have her 
sister lick her cunt- as man after man raped Amanda's strong, nude body, 
brutally used Amanda's two fucked out holes to relieve themselves in while they 
used her breasts as hand holds. Karen watched in fascination as man after man 
used her sister, their faces either blank as they concentrated on the feeling of 
their cocks moving inside Amanda or grinningly lecherous as they stared at Karen 
and imagined that it was her on the end of their cock.. I took my hand from 
Amanda's breasts then and used it to move Karen's hips back and forth on 
Amanda's face. Quickly, Karen picked up on the motion and began to ride her 
sister's face on her own. I whispered into Karen's ear as she sat atop Amanda, 
telling her to use her sister's face, to use Amanda like the slut that she was. 
I also told her not to cum until I gave her permission, and emphasized my words 
by brushing back her uniform blouse and giving her right nipple a vicious twist. 
I continued to hold Karen's arms as she rode her sister's face, not to keep her 
there but to keep her form falling off as her sister's tongue gave her such 
pleasure that Karen's back bone seemed to melt away. I held Karen's slender, 
sweat covered body erect, watching her ride Amanda's face. Every time I saw 
Karen start to break her rhythm in anticipation of cumming, I would twist her 
nipple again as I hissed in her ear, " NOT YET, BITCH!" to keep her from 
cumming. All the while she was still softly chanting " Fuck you Amanda" as she 
joined us in raping her own sister. I let her enjoy herself on top of Amanda 
until my shit stained cock began to show some signs of life again. Then I told 
her that she could cum. It didn't take her but a moment to bring herself off on 
Amanda's tongue, twisting her body and grinding her gushing cunt into Amanda's 
face. It was quite a show; I doubt that she ever had cum with such violence in 
her young life. Then I dragged her off of Amanda's face. She fought me too, 
fought to keep riding her slut sister's face to another cum! I had to give her a 
hard slap to bring her to heel. I pushed her down on to her knees there on the 
floor beside her sister, one hand holding her sweat drenched red hair in a death 
grip. I simply told her to " suck my dick" as I pressed my hard, shit stained 
cock against her soft face. She didn't fight me now. She wrapped her hands 
around me, using both hands to hold me as she kissed the hard, slimy cock. I 
watched as she stuck out her tongue and licked her own sister's shit off my 
cock, licking my cock like you lick the melting ice cream off the side of an ice 
cream cone. She wasn't very experienced, but I knew that would change. Just the 
sight of her flushed, eager face worshipping my cock and the wet feeling of her 
tongue moving over me were enough to make me want to shoot off. The feeling of 
her warm tongue running all over my cock- licking it and cleaning it of Amanda's 
shit and my own cum- felt so good that it made me shiver. I had to have her 
mouth! I grabbed her head in my hands and thrust my cock into her mouth. Karen 
screamed and squirmed against me. I filled her mouth with my cock despite her 
protest, taking her mouth as roughly as I had taken her asshole earlier in the 
same day. I used that mouth like a cunt, fucking it hard, uncaring of her cries. 
I pounded my hips against her lips, my cock reaching into and down her throat as 
she gagged and screamed around it. But then, her hands stopped beating vainly 
against my legs and reached around my body, gripping my buttcheeks in both her 
hands as she hung on for dear life in what was to be the ride of her life. 
Harder and harder I fucked her face, ramming my cock over her soft wet tongue 
and down her hot throat, mindless of the pain from her teeth scrapping over my 
cock's length as I thrust it in and out of her mouth. I lasted a long time, I 
suppose. I could see her face turn redder and redder as she struggled to breath 
around my cock. But I didn't care. Fortunately for her, I came before she ran 
entirely out of air. I held her face against my cock hair as I came, forcing her 
to swallow her first load of my cum- the first of many loads to come. I could 
feel the surge of my cum leave my cock and shot down her throat. For the second 
and third blasts of my cum, I pulled back a bit to shot into her mouth instead 
of straight down her throat. I filled her mouth with my hot cum, more than 
before. Trickles of my cum appeared at the corners of her mouth as her cheeks 
ballooned out and her eyes bulged with her surprise. I throttled her with one 
hand as I filled her mouth, wrapping my hand around her tender throat to keep 
her from swallowing the rest of my cum. I had plans for that cum.

" Hold it bitch.. Don't you swallow that cum!"

Still keeping a grip on her throat I lifted her up on her feet and then bent her 
over her sister as she lay on the table, Amanda's muscular body shaking from the 
force of the cocks fucking her, her mouth open , moaning in response to the 
cocks battering her strong body. I forced her face against Amanda's face- a face 
covered in Karen's cunt juices- and gave Karen a sharp goose in her no doubt 
still sore asshole as I told her,

" Now! Give your slut sister a big sloppy kiss! Show her how glad you are to see 
her. Let her taste the cock you've been sucking, taste your master's cock! Share 
my cum with your slut sister!"

The thick, white cum rolled out of Karen's open mouth to fall slowly into 
Amanda's open mouth. As the taste of my cum filled Amanda's mouth, she finally 
opened her eyes to stared into her sister's eyes. As Amanda mouthed the word 
"WHY?', I pressed Karen's face hard against Amanda's, holding it there as the 
rest of my cum flowed from Karen's mouth into her sister's. 

I stood the two sister's up, side by side. They were quite a sight. Both stared 
back at us impassively, too exhausted and shell shocked to even worry about what 
was coming next, but each too ashamed to look the other in the face. Karen still 
had on her open uniform blouse, soaked with sweat and the men's cum by now. The 
rest of her body was nude, sweat covered but unsullied- except for the remnants 
of my cum around the corners of her mouth and her own cunt juices covering her 
crotch and upper legs . Amanda was totally nude except for the crotchless 
whore's hosiery and the gold major's leaf piercing her nipple. Her nude, sweat 
covered body was literally coated with man cum. There were globs of it covering 
her face, her sore, red breasts, her asscheeks and the tops of her thighs, her 
swollen, angry red cunt, and even her stomach. The vee of her pubic hair was 
white, matted with men's cum. I could see the cum rolling out of her open, red 
asshole. As she tottered on her high heels, I gave her reward, the one thing in 
this world she wanted more than anything else. Her opium. Then, as the men and 
Mistress Rhee gathered in a semi-circle around us, I gave Karen her reward. I 
had with me a second lieutenant's insignia of rank from Karen's luggage, a 
shiny, gold bar. In a parody of the pinning ceremony from that picture of Karen 
in Amanda's room, I called out:

" Attention to orders. In recognition of her whorish nature and perverse sexual 
desires, Karen Thompson is promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Slut and assigned 
duties commensurate with her nature. In other words men, say hello to our new 
whore! Miss Rhee, grab a hold of her arms."

As the men cheered and catcalled, I bent over and took Karen's right nipple in 
my mouth. I flicked it with my tongue and sucked on it with my lips unit the 
nipple became hard. I could taste her sweat- and her fear. Mistress Rhee stepped 
behind Karen and grabbed her elbows, holding her upright as her knees began to 
buckle. I held that nipple between my thumb and forefinger and pulled it out as 
far as it would go, turning her cupcake size breast into a cone. With my other 
hand, I slowly pushed the pin on the back of the gold second lieutenant's bar 
into and then through the tough, red nub of the nipple. When it came out the 
other side, I quickly locked the retaining pin over the end, securing it on 
Karen's breast. Now it was official. Karen was Lieutenant Slut just like her 
sister Amanda was Major Slut.
 
I slept that night with my newest fuck toy and left Amanda to sleep on the floor 
like a dog, her arms tied behind her back and the leash to her collar tied to 
the bed frame. Too exhausted to even dream, I just slept, my arms tightly 
wrapped around Karen. I awake the next morning to the feeling of her body 
stirring. Without thinking, forgetting that she was my captive and I her rapist, 
I began to make love to her. I took her gently- or at least as gently as I've 
ever taken a woman- and she responded in the same way. It was as if we were 
lovers. Looking back on that lovemaking, it was the strangest part of the whole 
story- how we made love there in front of the stunned Amanda . I've wondered 
about it a lot these last few years, and since I've got nothing if not time, 
done a lot of reading to try to figure it out. Psychology books mainly, the 
library is loaded with them for some reason. I suppose a psychiatrist would call 
it a classic example of the Stockholm Syndrome, where the captive begins to 
identify with his or her captor and tries to curry favor with them. Like the 
Jews who identified with and even imitated their Nazi captors. Maybe. Or maybe 
it was because of a deeper need in Karen's mind. What they call a conditioned 
response; in Karen's case, a response developed as a child, learning to submit 
to power. Maybe Karen desperately tried to please me because I represented power 
and authority within the bounds of that compound. Because I literally had the 
power of life and death over her and everyone else. That would explain why she 
submitted herself so totally to me. And why she treated her sister Amanda so 
cruelly. After all in Karen's mind, Amanda was one who had failed her- by 
seeming to be so strong but then proving herself to be weak by allowing herself 
to become nothing more than my slut. And that failure made Karen angry. No 
sooner had I let the Karen up to go to the bathroom after our lovemaking, than 
she spit in the disapproving face of her bound big sister and called her a 
"SLUT".

I hadn't expected Karen's cruelty to her sister. But I was ready to use it 
because I had learned from Miss Rhee to respect a woman's cruelty. I decided to 
experiment, to see if I could really trust Karen to dominate Amanda. I called 
Karen back. I suggested to Karen that instead of cleaning herself she should let 
her slut sister do the job for her. That suggestion was all the license she 
needed. I untied Amanda's leash and handed it to her. Karen sat down in a 
cushioned chair and pulled Amanda to her by the leash, forcing her sister to 
scramble forward on her knees. Karen pulled Amanda to her, until Amanda was 
squatting between Karen's spread legs. The traces of our fuck were apparent to 
Amanda on and between Karen's cunt lips, evidence all the more painful to Amanda 
because it was not there as a result of a forceful rape. To her mind, Karen had 
voluntarily fucked me, an act even more perverted to Amanda's mind than the 
whipping and forced sex to which Karen had subjected her last night. Amanda knew 
exactly what Karen planned. Karen was going to force her to lick her- Karen's- 
cunt clean of my cum, to force her own sister to pleasure her with her tongue. 
Amanda had done this many times with Miss Rhee, of course. But this was her own 
sister! Still, Amanda knew that there was no escape after she looked back over 
her shoulder and saw me pick up the belt from the table. I moved toward them, 
positioning myself beside Karen's chair where I had a good view of Amanda's face 
as she lowered it into her sister's wet cunt and began to lick. Karen pressed 
Amanda's face into her cunt with one hand while the other hand- the one still 
holding Amanda's leash- toyed with the second lieutenant's bar piercing Karen's 
nipple. I watched as Amanda unwillingly pleasured Karen. The only sounds in the 
room were the liquid sounds of Amanda's tongue at work on Karen's flesh, Karen's 
heavy breathing, and Karen's running commentary.

" Hmmm..yes, good slut....Amanda the slut....Amanda the whore.. dirty Amanda, 
licking her little sister's cunt.....Amanda the dyke...you like licking cunt, 
don't you Amanda... licking his cum out of my cunt... not so high and mighty 
now, eh bitch...does it taste good..hmm..his cum and my cunt...does it taste 
good to you you dirty whore dyke....eat it, you filthy whore..just like you ate 
cum last night... Amanda the camp whore..Amanda the drug addict... the druggie 
whore who will do anything for a fix..right whore?..... hmm.. too bad your 
ex-husband couldn't see you now...does he know what a slut you are?.. does he 
know how you like to eat pussy, whore?.. does he know how you like to fuck 
everything with pants...eh?..does he know how you like having men beat your ass 
as you lick their assholes.... is that why he left you, slut? ...cause you kept 
fucking all his friends.....eat me good, whore!... maybe I'll piss in your mouth 
later.... would you like that Major Slut, ma'm?....... hmmm, 
.....good..harder...harder slut!... eat me harder..or I'll shove a baseball bat 
up your dirty whore cunt...you whore..bitch.slut..whore..God damn you, 
Amanda..eat me..harder..harder...harder you whore.....ARRGHHEEE!"

Karen had passed her test with flying colors. I began to let her use Amanda more 
and more. I let her wash and clothe the bound Amanda; let her use Amanda for her 
own pleasures, let her punish Amanda. I even let her join in whipping Amanda 
around the pole for her PT. Which meant that I let Miss Rhee use Amanda less and 
less. That was mistake. Korean woman can be the queen bitches of the universe, 
especially when you take something away from them that they think is their's. As 
Miss Rhee saw it, she was Amanda's lesbian lover and mistress. As she saw it, 
Amanda was her fuck toy. Now I was taking Amanda away from her by letting Karen 
use Amanda. She let me know that she won't take this. But I didn't take her 
protests too seriously. I thought of her as the club whore, nothing more. What, 
I figured, could she do? I was tired of her airs. I decided it was time to teach 
her a lesson. The next time she led Amanda into the club for her "session", I 
had a little surprise prepared for them both. Although she didn't know it, Miss 
Rhee was going to join Amanda that night. She fought like the devil, but her 
tiny body could do little against half a dozen men. They tied her down on a 
table face down and proceeded to strip her of her whore's dress. Then they raped 
her ass, man after man after man, as she hysterically screamed and cursed them 
in Korean. First I made Amanda watch- watch her little whore mistress being 
sodomized like the cheap whore she was. When some of the fire had gone out of 
Miss Rhee, I had Amanda join her on that table. I tied Amanda to the table face 
down just like Miss Rhee but facing in the opposite direction, with Amanda's 
face beside Miss Rhee's ass. Then I let the men have them both to punish them 
for their betrayal. I had the men take the two bound women one at a time. Two 
men would use Amanda's asshole and mouth; then the same two men would switch to 
Miss Rhee. The man who had been in Amanda's mouth would use Miss Rhee's asshole, 
and the man who had been in Amanda's ass would now put his shit covered cock 
into Miss Rhee's mouth. After a while, they would switch back, giving Amanda a 
taste of oriental asshole. I watched along with Karen, letting her use my quirt 
on the backs of the two women as I used Karen's asshole to satisfy myself. That 
went on forever, for man after man, all night. That I figured would teach them 
both Miss Rhee's place. I didn't see it then. But Miss Rhee was not broken. She 
was mad! Afterwards, she seemed as meek as a kitten. But she was boiling inside. 
She bided her time. Things still seemed to be going perfectly. But I was not 
paying attention; I was too taken up in watching Karen putting her bigger, 
stronger sister Amanda through her paces. One morning, I woke up to find Amanda 
and Miss Rhee were missing. Also missing was PFC Jonas and the Humvee. I don't 
know how- probably by using sex- but Miss Rhee had gotten him to take them out 
of the compound hidden in the back of the Humvee and across to the mainland. 
Amanda wouldn't have been a problem. She would have gone willingly with Miss 
Rhee. That last night in the club had created some kind of bond between them. I 
figured that they had to be headed for Soul. There isn't much else in Korea in 
the way of the big city. I should have run, been on the first plane out of 
Korea. But I just couldn't let her have Amanda. Amanda was mine! So, I tried to 
find the two of them in Seoul. I knew they could be in Etywan, the sex district 
of Seoul. How else could they survive except by Miss Rhee turning tricks or , 
more likely, by pimping Amanda to Koreans with a taste for American women. What 
I didn't count on was that some of the men lost their nerve when they saw Amanda 
was gone. As soon as I left the compound, they gave the whole thing up to our 
higher HQ. The MP's were waiting for me when I reached Seoul.

Initially, I figured I was headed for life if not hanging. At least I guessed 
they still hung military prisoners; they hadn't executed one since the fifties. 
The list of charges against me was two pages long: mutiny, rape, assault on a 
superior officer, misappropriation, conduct prejudicial to good order and 
discipline, drug dealing- virtually every crime in the UCMJ except abusing a 
public animal. I did know enough not to depend on the military lawyer they 
assigned me. I tapped my Caribbean bank accounts for a civilian lawyer- a very 
good one- from the states. It was well worth it. Seems the Army had several big 
problems in prosecuting me. First, Amanda was still missing, so she couldn't 
testify against me. Second, Karen was- bless her heart- still on my side. She 
wouldn't testify against me and was saying that everything was her sister's 
fault. That Amanda wanted to be raped by her own men. They quickly declared her 
incompetent- crazy as a bedbug by their lights- but knew that they couldn't keep 
her off the stand if my lawyer pressed it. Which he threatened to do if this 
went to trial. She was the only American witness who was not a co-conspirator. 
And they couldn't convict me solely on the testimony of my partners in crime, my 
fellow rapists- at least according to my attorney. There were no Korean 
witnesses. They had all disappeared. And third, the whole thing was an 
embarrassment to the Army. They wanted it to quietly go away. So, I went from 
thinking about my last meal to bickering about a plea bargain. I held out for 
eight years. I figured I could do that much. Eventually, they gave in, and I got 
my plea bargain. That was seven years ago. It hasn't been so bad. You get a 
better class of felons at the military prison at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas than 
in civilian federal prisons. Oh, its not the country club prison where they sent 
the white collar crooks, but its OK. Aside from the occasional pederast, they're 
pretty much a decent group here as far as murders and thieves go. I 'm in the 
enlisted section. Even here in prison, they have separate areas for the officers 
and for the enlisted swine like me. I have a cell to myself. My neighbor used to 
be a Delta force commando before they caught him padding his expenses on 
undercover missions. Nice guy. We talk a lot. I've had a chance to do a lot of 
reading here, and I've learned how to use a computer. Part of my vocational 
training. Learned more about using a computer than the guards know, in fact. 
Which is how I am talking to you now. Very useful tool, the internet. Amazing 
what information you can find once you know how and have the time to search. 
I've located Karen. In fact, I know a lot about what she is doing and thinking 
these days. I've even broken into her computer and read her e-mail, the window 
to her soul. They - the Army-declared her cured four years ago and discharged 
her from their mental faculty. She has a new life as a civilian. But she hasn't 
forgotten me. She thinks about me almost every day judging from the entries in 
her computer.

 It hasn't been as easy to find Amanda. She never reappeared. A 
couple of years ago, I found someone online who would- for a fee- trace Amanda 
and Miss Rhee. Again using the computer, I made funds available, drawing on the 
bank accounts they never found. It seems I was right. While she was in Seoul, 
Miss Rhee went into the business of pimping Amanda to wealthy Koreans who wanted 
a different experience, not just sex with a Western woman but whippings and 
bondage as well, all for a steep price. The collapse of the Korean economy a couple 
of years back put a crimp in her earnings, so like any smart multinational 
business Miss Rhee moved her operation to an even poorer third world country. 
She moved her assets- Amanda- to Thailand, where she apparently hoped to attract 
some of the Japanese who travel there to buy sex. Sadly, it didn't work out as 
she had planned. My source tells me that she had a falling out with her local 
"protection". Miss Rhee and Amanda are both now the property of a club owner in 
Bangkok. Amanda is reserved for the high payers on the exclusive top floor of 
the club, but Miss Rhee I am told is once again a common whore working the floor 
at this club, struggling to meet her daily quota of 20 paying customers in a 
twelve hour shift.

I'll be getting out in 10 months. I still have about $ 90,000 in the bank. I 
plan to use this money to look up old friends. First Karen in Minnesota. Then 
the two of us will take a trip to Thailand to look up two more old friends. 
Living- and life- is cheap in Thailand. I think I'll settle down there. 
Surrounded by my old friends.



THE END


This story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents, 
either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and 
any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely 
coincidental. Stories involving celebrities are pardoys and not meant to 
represesnt the individual in a true sense 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  conwic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





