BDSM Library - The Flogging




The Flogging
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Slave describes how her first flogging fron Master felt.
The Flogging


My hands clenched and unclenched as the flogger was trailed across each of my
breasts. It was as if I was the violin and Master was the musician with the
flogger as his bow.  He played me and each scream was a sound that I had not
uttered before. The strikes of the flogger hurt and stung. Everyone says it is a
pain to be bared for the Master.  I don't think so. My nipples stuck out from
the coldness of the room.  The poor things were a beet red from the flogging. 
There were criss cross marks on the rest of my breasts that were beginning to
whelp up. The sweat was running down from my neck.  And further down to make a
rivulet of sweat between each of my breasts

Master had on a pair of jeans and just a tee shirt. His short sleeves were
drenched with sweat from exertion from swinging the flogger. His black shirt had
even blacker areas of sweat. He pulled the flogger into a circle of leather. 
His free hand went behind my head, he yanked hard on my hair pulling my face to
his. His mouth moved to open mine.  He thrust his tongue inside.  Hard and deep!
After this he loosened my bonds and caught me as I slumped to the floor.

The Dungeon Master checked and said that I was okay and he could continue if he
wanted. He shook his head yes.  He retied my hands above my head to the St.
Andrew's Cross, my ankles were tied to the bottom leaving me spread open for all
to see. He ran the end of the flogger between my legs. Rubbing my wet pussy with
the handle. His fingers followed playing with my clit as he rubbed the handle of
the flogger along my drenched pussy. I was so wet with desire that I almost came
as he played with my clit.

Instead of letting me cum Master slapped me on the bare ass with his hand.  He
does not have little hands and he is strong from working out everyday!  He let
the flogger uncoil from his hand and hit the floor a time or two just to get a
proper stance behind me. Thwak came a stroke from Master. My poor ass took all
of it! He brought the flogger back to his side and put all he had into the next
swing.  It hit me on the upper shoulders with a sting that felt like a hot knife
cutting me. Then followed another stroke to my ass. As the flogging continued he
made alternating strikes onto my back, shoulders, and my ass.

By this time I was a maze of welts and I was a Christmas red all over my
backside. I was also very, very wet. Master did a wet check with three of his
fingers in me.  I asked if I could cum yet? He said at the count of five.  One,
he wiggled his fingers inside me.  Two, he started to pump his fingers in and
out of me.  Three, he let me lean into his strong body. Four, his hand pumped
even harder into me. Five, I came all over his hand.  "Thank You my Master".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





