BDSM Library - The House Of Ali - The Organization Series 1




The House Of Ali - The Organization Series 1
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A series of interwoven short stories about a clandestine international organization that abducts and trades slavegirls to influence world events.
THE ORGANIZATION SERIES...

PROLOG

From the beginning of time, as the various species on Earth developed, each was
made in two forms, male and female. Usually the male was dominant, being larger,
stronger, and more intelligent that it's female counterpart. In this
arrangement, the male became the provider (hunter/gatherer) and protector. The
female fashioned the clothing, bedding, prepared the food, provided sexual
relief for the male, and as a result bore his offspring.

The male acquired as many females as he wished, and was prepared to provide for,
by capture, inheritance, or as spoils of victory over other males. Females were
considered property without rights except to serve.

This arrangement worked well over the aeons until some females started seeking
power and equality. The males realized that to maintain the status quo, deviant
females would from time to time, have to be taught abject obedience. What better
way than through torture or discomfort of the female sex organs? Thus was born
the principle of female slavery.

A modern day slave wrote this series of stories and vignettes. she is a true
submissive, catering in every way to her Master in return for his love and
protection. Without him, she would likely not have survived into adulthood the
trauma of an unfortunate and abusive childhood. He is a strict disciplinarian
but also kind and generous and has offered her a partnership by way of marriage.
How much stronger a bond is this than one where each is vying to be the superior
or equal of the other?

she is a gifted author, many times writing from true experience, either her own
or that of her sister slaves. She is able to keep the reader guessing at what
will come next and to make clever switches to catch her audience off guard. she
is a modern day Scherazade with writings equivalent to the fables of the Arabian
Nights. Whatever else she is, she is not boring and brings forth in the modern
male the dream of living in simpler times when men are men and women are
pleasure.

Master Charles, Canada 2002




THE HOUSE OF ALI

By slave ruthie

[Dedicated to Gary Roberts - a great Master of art, from a lowly slave with
permission of her Master.  she owes so much to Master Gary and humbly offers
this work to honor Him.]

CHAPTER 1

The first thing Helen noticed was how terribly dry her mouth felt.  Her head
ached too.  As she moved her hands up towards her face, she heard a noise.  It
was a metallic tinkling sound.  Her vision started to clear and she blinked
painfully at the bright light on the ceiling...

Helen groaned and tried to remember what she had been doing the night before. 
She had been at a disco and been chatted up by a handsome stranger.  She
recalled feeling terribly tired, weak, and groggy.  He had offered to take her
home and there had been a car but the rest was a confused blur.  She vaguely
remembered somebody cutting off her PVC jeans and g-string panties.  She was
puzzled - perhaps it was a bad dream.  But as she turned over, she instantly
realized there was something badly wrong.  She tried to sit up and heard the
tinkling noise again.  It was a chain.  She stared down at her bare body, unable
to take in the sight.  She was wearing heavy manacles and leg irons!  Her wrists
were linked together by a short chain which was joined at the middle to a longer
chain that snaked upwards between her breasts.  Gasping in dawning horror, Helen
reached up and felt a wide metal collar around her throat!  The long chain ran
down to another short chain that linked her ankle cuffs.  Her eyes took in the
awful sight and she cried in fear and alarm.

As Helen struggled to sit up, she found she was completely naked and her pubic
hair had been shaved smooth!  Worse still, both her nipples were pierced and
ringed!  Helen was shaking with fear now.  She clambered off the bed and took in
her surroundings.  There was a chain from the back of her collar to a hole in
the center of the metal ceiling.  She had just enough slack to move around the
square room.  She stumbled around frantically trying to understand what had
happened.  The walls and floor of the room were also metal.  There was a metal
door - it was like a cell!  Her "bed" was a metal bench covered by a thin black
plastic mattress.  She gasped as she saw the rings at each corner and the center
of each side of the bench.  The only other furniture in the cell was a mirror
along the wall opposite the bench.  She stared miserably at herself - naked,
chained and cuffed.  Trying to stay calm, she tugged each cuff to see if they
would open.  The cuffs had strong padlocks through the joins and through the
rings that attached to the chains.  Her collar was also padlocked shut.  The
chain above her head was padlocked to the back of her collar and stopped her
from reaching the cell door.  Helen knew there was no way out and slumped in
despair on the metal floor. 

There was a shower in the corner of the cell.  She noticed a hole in the floor
like a toilet that was constantly flushed with clear water.  Desperate for a
pee, she went across and squatted over the hole to relieve herself.  There was
no toilet paper.  It was then that she noticed the gold metal band protruding
between her shaven cunt lips!  Moaning with fear, she gingerly touched her clit
- it had also been pierced through and ringed!  Helen was crying desperately
now.  She knelt in abject misery and stared at a metal ring embedded in the
center of the cell floor.  There was no escape - everything about the cell and
her restraints drove home her desperate predicament.  Whoever had done this must
have drugged and abducted her!  Her clothes had been removed and she had been
shaved down below then pierced before being chained and locked in this cell. 
Helen felt violated and degraded but she knew there would be worse to come - her
abductors would be returning and they could do as they pleased!  She climbed
back on to the metal bench.  Still crying, she curled up into a tight ball. 
Somehow, she drifted into a fitful sleep.

Helen was woken by a tinkling sound above her head.  She looked up in fear as
the chain from her collar started to snake upwards and disappear through the
hole in the ceiling.  She squealed in terror as the chain pulled tighter until
she was forced to climb off the bench and stand straight in the middle of the
cell.  Her hands were pinned at waist level by the long chain between her collar
and leg irons so she could not reach up to ease the pressure of the collar
around her throat.  The cell door was being opened.  Helen twisted around and
gasped in shock as a tall muscular man entered the cell.  He had a black nylon
mask over his eyes and was naked except for a black leather pouch over his
bulging crotch.  He was carrying a large canvas sack.  He placed the sack on the
metal bench.

"Oh God!  P-please don't hurt me!"  Helen whimpered as he reached into the sack
and took out a black rubber ball laced on a length of chain.  She stared in
horror as he lifted it up towards her face. 

"Oh n-no!  Oh please don't gag me!" she begged.  He grasped her hair behind her
head and pushed the ball against her lips.  "Please!  Oh no!  Don't...mmmmph!" 
He forced the ball between her teeth and drew the ends of the chain together at
the back of her neck.  She cried in fear and pain as he tightened the chain and
padlocked it firmly shut.  She could only mew and make desperate noises now. 

The man returned to the sack.  She watched him remove a short length of chain
and felt him secure one end to the rear of her collar.  He unlocked the padlock
that connected her left wrist cuff to the chain across her front and brutally
forced her arm up behind her back.  She struggled as her wrist was locked to the
loose end of the chain.  He released her right wrist cuff and twisted her arm up
behind before locking it into position.  Helen's hands were now painfully pulled
up between her shoulders.  He removed the long chain from the front of her
collar to the middle of the short chain that linked her ankle cuffs.  Helen
could only stare in abject misery as he took a long metal bar from the sack and
locked one end to the inside of her left ankle cuff.  He removed the hobble
chain from her left ankle cuff and forced her right leg up behind her knee while
the other end of the pole was secured.  When he let go of her right calf, Helen
was forced to hop sideways on her left leg until both her feet barely touched
the floor - she had to stand on tiptoes to stop being strangled by her collar. 

She was totally helpless now.  Her legs were widely apart, exposing her
clean-shaved and pierced cunt!  Her breasts were also exposed to whatever her
abductor planned.  She sobbed and tried to avoid thinking of what would happen
next.  Although she was not a virgin, Helen had never experienced bondage sex
before and knew the man was going to rape her.  He came close behind her and
started to fondle her ringed nipples.  She kept as quiet and still as possible,
desperately trying to blot out the sensual abuse.  But she was soon writhing and
crying as his expert hands slid across her naked chained body and moved down
between her thighs.  Helen tensed as his fingers began to probe inside her
labia.  He pushed harder and quickly penetrated her vagina.  She started and
mewed in anguish as he began to slide his finger rhythmically in and out of her
cunt.  He was masturbating her!  She tried to resist but he was too skilful -
within minutes, he made her orgasm.  She screamed and squirmed helplessly as he
repeatedly made her come.  When he finally stopped, Helen was quivering and
crying softly.

He came round to face her.  She pleaded at him with tear-filled eyes.  He pulled
his g-string pouch down to expose his large, erect penis.  Helen watched in
horror as he stepped over the spreader bar so her thighs were outside his legs. 
He put his hands on her buttocks and started to lift her up until her feet were
clear of the floor.  She mewed in panic as the collar around her neck rode up
under her jaw.  She was starting to choke but he lifted her higher.  Helen
stared helplessly down her quivering body.  She could see his stiff penis
pushing her labia apart - it started to penetrate her cunt!  She moaned in
despair and arched her back as he entered her vagina.  He thrust his member
deeper inside her body and started to fuck her slowly.  She writhed and wailed
in anguish as he brutally raped her in mid-air until he climaxed.  When he
released her, Helen was left shaking and barely able to stand. 

The man freed her ankle cuffs from the spreader bar but swiftly padlocked them
together by a short hobble chain.  He clipped a short chain to the front of her
collar and released her from the overhead chain.  She collapsed to the floor but
he pulled her back up by the collar chain.  Helen was dragged out of the cell
and forced to follow him down a long, dimly lit corridor.  She could not speak,
escape, or resist her captor in any way.  She continued to weep - from the cruel
rape and in fear of what would happen next...

They went through another metal door that was locked behind her.  This room was
larger and contained all kinds of strange devices.  Helen shrank back in horror
at the sight.  There were chains with collars and cuffs hanging from the
ceiling.  There was something like a large wooden X-shaped cross with rings at
each end.  There were stocks, metal posts, and a rack - it was a torture
chamber!  Helen cried as he dragged her over to a metal frame.  He forced her to
bend forward and padlocked the front of her collar to a ring.  Helen felt him
fasten a chain tightly around her waist.  More chains were pulled firmly around
the top of each thigh.  Her ankle cuffs were freed but then secured at the sides
of the frame so her legs were wide apart and her private parts were open to
abuse.  Helen was completely helpless and waited like a trapped animal for what
might follow. 

As her abductor stood behind her, she tensed and waited for him to rape her
again.  She felt him thrusting inside her but this was different.  It felt too
big and her vagina was being stretched open!  She cried hoarsely.  Helen
realized he had pushed something hard into her body.  His fingers touched her
anus making her quiver.  Something was pressing against her ass!  She cried and
tried to squeeze her backside shut.  But the pressure increased until she could
hold out no longer.  Something was being forced inside her rectum!  She mewed
and twisted her head in disbelief as she was penetrated up her backside.  She
desperately tried to ignore the growing arousal in her abused body.  The man
came forward then released the gag chain and pulled the ball from her aching
mouth. 

"Oh God, Oh No!  Oh please stop hurting me," she begged urgently trying to get
his sympathy.  He came back with another gag.  This had a large ring in the
center.  She groaned as the ring was forced into her mouth and strapped tightly
behind her head.  She could not shut her jaw and knew he wanted her lips kept
apart - he was going to fuck her mouth!  He pulled a stool up to her head and
sat with his crotch just inches away from her face.  He pulled down the pouch of
his briefs and grasped her hair.  Helen squealed as he forced her head down on
his member.  The bitter, salty taste of his penis was a shock - she had never
given oral sex before.  Helen felt him start to come in her mouth.  She tried to
pull back but he pushed her head down.  She nearly gagged when the tip of his
shaft thrust down her throat.  Suddenly he came, ejaculating in her mouth!  It
was awful.  Helen mewed and tried to clear the semen from her mouth but his
penis blocked her attempts.

For the first time, she heard him speak.  "If you want to avoid punishment
Slave-bitch, you must lick and suck me clean!"  Helen whimpered, hearing the
harsh deep voice.  This man had no mercy and she knew he would hurt her even
more if she did not obey.  Somehow, she gained the courage to start licking his
glans.  She sucked and swallowed his come, trying desperately to please him.  He
had absolute control over her and she knew her survival completely depended on
her obedience...

After several minutes, he suddenly withdrew his penis from her mouth.  She hung
her head limply down, unable to stop the dribbling from her lips.  Her hair was
again yanked back.  She looked down and wailed at the sight of a black rubber
penis gag on a short strap.  He pushed it into her open mouth and secured it to
the ring gag. 

"Not good enough Slave-bitch," he snarled.  "You are going to be punished for
failing to obey properly!"  Helen cried in terror as he fastened a blindfold
strap over her eyes.  She couldn't see any light!  There was a loud humming
sound, and then the electric shocks began.  Helen yelled as the dildoes in her
pussy and backside started to tingle.  The tingling steadily grew stronger until
it began to hurt.  The pain was becoming unbearable.  Her body was shaking and
she started to scream frantically.  She bucked and strained in agony - her pussy
and ass felt like they were on fire.  She couldn't stand the torture much longer
- she would die!  She lost control of her bladder and wet herself.  There was no
release - she was in such dreadful agony that she wished she would faint.  Helen
held her breath as long as possible to try to pass out but it didn't work! 
Eventually, she stopped struggling.  Helen was too exhausted to do anything but
hang limply on the frame, moaning softly while her poor body was tortured with
electric shocks.  Cramp had set in her arms and legs.  She whimpered and prayed
for mercy...

 As quickly as it had started, the current was shut off.  The relief was
incredible.  Her abductor removed the blindfold, penis gag and ring gag.  The
dildoes were slid out of her ravaged cunt & ass, the restraining chains around
her waist, hips, and ankles were freed.  But she was still cuffed & collared. 
The ball gag on the chain was soon back in her mouth and padlocked behind her
head.  The chain between her ankle cuffs was replaced.  Too weak to stand, Helen
was pulled off the frame and lifted over her captor's shoulder.  He carried her
limp form back to the cell and put her on the bench.  This time, he secured the
back of her collar to a ring at the top of the bench.  He unlocked her wrist
cuffs from the short chain and secured each one to the corner rings next to her
head.  Helen was lying on her back.  He fitted a chain from her leg ankle cuff
to the ring at the corner of the bed, then removed her hobble chain.  Her right
ankle cuff was soon secured at the other corner. 

Helen felt terrible.  She was tired and ached all over.  Her private parts were
so sore she could not move without wincing in pain.  The man had something in
his hand - a vibrator!  He reached down to her crotch.  Helen mewed and squeezed
her thighs together to stop him from touching her sore cunt.  "Spread your knees
Slave-bitch", he ordered.  Helen shook her head - it would be too painful!

He put down the dildo, then looked in the sack.  He took out a pair of metal
cuffs and padlocked the first around her left thigh, just above her knee.  As
the padlock snapped shut, Helen realized he was going to force her thighs open! 
The second cuff was secured above her right knee.  He took a metal bar about
30cms long and fitted one end to the inside of her left knee cuff.  Using his
strong hands, he made Helen open her legs and fitted the other end of the pole
to the inside of the right knee cuff.  She cried and struggled but there was
nothing she could do.  He turned on the vibrator and pressed it up against her
ringed clit.  Helen jerked with pain and shock at how intense her arousal could
be.  The next few minutes were filled with incredible agony and ecstasy.  She
wailed and sobbed for relief.  When it came, she arched her back and lifted her
backside off the bench.  When he started to pull back, she tried to thrust
herself onto the dildo.  He smiled cruelly at her pleading face.  "So the
Slave-bitch has learned to love her punishment already!  And we've only just
started!"

Helen fell silent as she took in what her abuser had just said.  He had called
her a "slave-bitch".  Her tears flowed again, but silently as she tried to
understand what was happening.  The man put down the vibrator and pulled her
head painfully forward by her hair while he unlocked the ball gag chain.  As
soon as her mouth was empty, she whispered urgently.  "Please let me go - I
won't tell anyone about you." 

He stared down at her with contempt.  "You will address me as 'Sir' if you want
to avoid extra punishments," he snarled.

She was shocked but tried again.  "Sorry...sir.  Please free me and let me go
home." 

The answer was swift and cruel - he picked up the vibrator and pushed the tip
against her mouth.  "Lick your juices off it until it's clean, slave-bitch!"

She clamped her lips shut and tried to turn away.  She could smell her own cunt
and couldn't bear to taste her private parts.  Her hair was pulled tighter in
his fist until she cried in pain.  As she opened her mouth to scream he forced
the vibrator between her teeth.  It tasted of sweat and yeast and made her
retch.  "Suck it clean or it gets dipped in your ass and then you'll have to
lick your own shit too!" 

Somehow, she managed to do as he said, the foul thought of having to taste her
backside spurned her comply.  She wept and licked the vibrator until he pulled
it away.  Satisfied, the man started to remove her restraints until all she had
was the collar and cuffs at her ankles and wrists.  Helen whimpered as she was
hauled off the bench and dragged by the collar over to the shower.  He swiftly
locked her wrists together and secured them above her head to a ring in the
ceiling.  She pleaded for mercy.    He grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled
hard, making her yell in pain.  As she cried out, he forced a toothbrush into
her mouth and roughly cleaned her teeth.  "Oh no, please don't do this!  Ahh!" 
The man had turned on a valve and held a metal hose with a long pointed tip at
the end.  It was trickling with water.  He pinched her nose tightly forcing her
to open her mouth then pushed in the pipe.  Helen coughed and spluttered as he
rinsed out her mouth then bent down at her front.

"Open your legs wide, slave-bitch", he barked.

Helen begged and squealed in fear.  "Nooo...oh please not my pussy!  Please Sir,
no oh...Aiee!"  The end went right up inside her cunt and he turned the valve
until water was pouring down her shaking legs.  He kept it inside for a few
minutes but to Helen it seemed like ages.  As the pipe came back out, she
slumped in shock, hanging from her wrists.  He spun her round and pushed the tip
up between her buttocks.  "Oh no!  I can't...NOOOO!"  Again, the pipe was going
inside her body but this time up her backside.  She writhed and squealed in pain
and misery as the filthy water cascaded down her inner thighs.  When he had
finished, he removed the hose end and rinsed her hair and body.  It wasn't over
though, she shrank back as he took a floor scrubbing brush and soap and started
to roughly clean her arms and back.  It was very painful!  Helen yelled and
shrieked when her breasts and stomach were subjected to the brush.  Her captor
systematically scrubbed every part of her body then lathered her hair with
shampoo. 

When she was fully rinsed, he freed her wrists and threw a towel at her.  "Dry
yourself and brush your hair, slave-bitch."  Helen obeyed, and tried to stay
calm but she couldn't stop shaking.  "Well", he demanded, "speak - you are
permitted this time!"

Helen was very afraid but managed to blurt out "Why me?"  He stared back. 
"P-please sir, why me?  I'm nobody - I'm not famous and my mum doesn't have any
money for a ransom.  Why take me?"

He smiled cruelly and explained.  "Exactly!  You ARE nobody and no one gives a
shit if you vanish.  You're just another statistic at Missing Persons!"  Helen
stared back in dawning horror - he knew all about her!  "Besides, you
interviewed for this position - congratulations!"  His words echoed in her mind
- interviewed?  Oh no - the trainee production assistant job!  She groaned as
the facts hit home.  She had been interviewed by two men at a hotel for this job
a few weeks earlier.  They wanted someone with no ties that could travel at
short notice.  It had sounded fantastic but she hadn't heard back...

"Oh my god, No!  Please oh please don't do this!"  She wept bitterly as her
desperate predicament became clear.  Helen had fallen into a deliberate trap and
been selected for abduction and slavery.  She would be missed after a while when
she didn't turn up for her job at the cafe and her mum would be worried.  But
the police wouldn't look for a missing girl living in London.  Her bedsit!  All
her things would be still there - someone would realize she was gone.

"Don't think we left things undone", he grinned evilly.  "We cleared your room,
phoned your work to say you were not coming back - we even paid off your rent
arrears!"  Helen sank to the floor in despair.  Nobody would come looking for
her now...

He grasped her collar and yanked her up.  Helen stood dumbly in defeat as her
ankles were hobbled with a short chain and her wrists were locked behind her
back.  When the chain from the ceiling was locked onto the back of her collar,
Helen knew something bad was going to happen.  "Listen carefully, slave bitch." 
He ordered, gripping her painfully by her hair.  "You are going to be examined
by a prospective buyer.  If you make any trouble and he rejects you, we will
give you a starring role in a special movie but your career will be very short!" 
Helen gasped as she realized what he meant - if she failed to obey and wasn't
chosen they were going to kill her in a "snuff" film!  He pushed the ball gag
back in her shocked mouth and locked it behind her head.  She had to stand there
while he tidied up the cell.  When he slammed the door shut, she was left alone,
tears trickling down her face. 

Minutes later, he was back and forced her over to the mirror.  Helen realized it
must be a two-way mirror because he was turning her and cupping her breasts for
someone on the other side of the glass.  She shook as he pushed his hand down
her front and pressed his finger along the cleft of her shaven pussy.  He made
her open her thighs and peeled her cunt lips apart to display the ring through
her clit!  She was turned around and made to bend forward while her buttocks
were pulled apart.  He stopped and left her sobbing in shame and fear.  There
was a man's voice - foreign but she couldn't hear the words.  Her captor
returned and swiftly placed a blindfold strap over her eyes.  The next bit was
worse.  There was someone else - she could smell tobacco and aftershave. 
Suddenly there was a hand under her chin lifting her head up.  Her cheek was
stroked lightly and she jumped in fright.  The hand smelled of latex - her
assailant was wearing surgical gloves!  Helen had to endure the stranger's hands
all over her skin.  He cupped and squeezed her breasts, gently at first then
harder and harder until she was crying in shocked pain.  He was toying with her
nipples now, tugging the rings then pinching each one firmly, letting go, then
pinching them again.  Each time he loosened his grip Helen wailed as the blood
rushed back to the sensitive tips.  He kept squeezing and releasing until Helen
was writhing and straining against her cuffs.  Now it was her pussy's turn.  The
same cruel trick was applied to her ringed clit, making Helen groan and shake as
her tiny member was abused.  A thick finger slid backwards and forwards deeply
along her inner labia then started pushing inside her vagina.  It was awful!  A
second finger joined the first, stretching her open.  A third finger, then
another until the whole of his hand was pushing inside her body.  Helen arched
her back and bit down on the ball gag in excruciating pain.  When she felt her
buttocks being pulled apart, she mewed in fear.  A thumb was being forced into
her anus!  Her cries of agony were frantic and ragged as her backside was abused
while the rest of the man's hand went back into her cunt.  As the hand was
withdrawn, Helen slumped forward and had to be steadied to stop herself from
choking on her chained collar.  She managed to stand and waited miserably for
the next painful humiliation. 

It didn't come - she was left alone in the cell for several minutes.  The door
opened and someone was loosening the buckle behind her head.  The blindfold
strap came off and she blinked painfully in the harsh light.  Her captor smiled. 
"Well done, slave-bitch - you have been sold and must be prepared for delivery!" 
She mewed helplessly as the collar chain was removed and a chain leash was
locked at the front of her neck.  Unable to resist, she was dragged out of the
cell and along the corridor towards the torture room.  They passed another cell
whose door was open.  Her captor stopped and briefly spoke to another man who
was naked except for the g-string pouch.  Helen saw a slim girl - naked and
chained like herself.  She was crying bitterly.  There was blood on the inside
of her thighs and Helen realized she had met her at the interview, waiting to be
taken after Helen was seen!  She was called Nicola but preferred Nikki, Helen
miserably recalled.  The girl's captor was saying something about  using the
poker first on the stubborn bitch then the garrote if she still refused - Nikki
must have resisted in some way and was going to be tortured or even killed! 
Helen was dragged off again and forced into the torture room.  She was pushed
against a wall and her collar was padlocked to a ring so she could only sit. 
Nikki was next - chained alongside her  a few feet apart.  Both girls stared
miserably at each other as the men left and slammed the door.

Helen stared miserably around the room and tried not to think about what was
coming.  She watched Nikki tugging urgently against her fetters.  It was
useless.  Suddenly there was a faint click and Nikki's left hand was loose!  The
padlock on her cuff must have been partly open.  Nikki quickly reached behind
her head and worked at the buckle on her gag.  It took her several attempts but
she finally managed to loosen the ends and pulled the ball out of her mouth. 
She tried to free her right wrist but it was securely locked up her back.  Nikki
gripped her collar and strained to see if it could be freed from the wall chain. 
Her struggles grew more frantic and desperate.  Weeping in frustration, Nikki
whimpered.  "No use, I can't get it open!"  She sobbed heavily and hid her eyes
with her free hand.  Her abject cries were so heart-rending that Helen began to
cry quietly.  Nikki was whimpering for her mum or someone called Julie - her
sister?  Eventually, she stopped sobbing and stared at Helen, smiling weakly. 
Nikki was slim, small-breasted with collar-length brown hair and hazel eyes. 
She hadn't been ringed or shaved - her wispy mound of pubic hair looked more
golden than brown. 

"I-I'm Nikki", she whispered, then her face turned to shocked recognition.  "I
know you!  You're the girl at the interview!  Helen - is it you?"

Helen nodded tearfully and turned away from the girl.  "Your breasts", Nikki
spoke uncertainly.  "They, I mean...you've been PIERCED?"  Helen looked at her
companion then reddened under her stare.  "And y-your privates too?  Oh my God,
NO!"  Nikki was in tears again, but these were from fear.  "Oh no, I want to go
home.  Please don't let them..."

The door was being unlocked.  Nikki desperately stuffed the ball gag back in her
mouth and tried to get the straps behind her head.  It was no good; the men saw
her and rushed over.  One guard took a handful of Nikki's hair and slammed her
forward against her collar.  She squealed in pain and fright and dropped the
ball out of her mouth.  The other man quickly clamped the cuff round Nikki's
left wrist and shut the padlock, testing that it was secure.  She was soon
ball-gagged again and the strap was pulled even tighter before being buckled. 
The first guard snarled in her face.  "Trying to escape, cunt?  Well, we have
ways of dealing with troublesome bitches, especially one who won't take us in
her pretty little mouth!"  They loosened her wrist cuffs from the collar chain
and pulled her elbows close together while more cuffs were secured.  Nikki
wailed in fear and discomfort as her arms were forced into the center of her
back.  A pair of thumb cuffs meant she could barely move her aching arms.

His colleague had dragged a device over from the opposite side of the room.  It
had a short post with a collar at the top attached to a lever.  At its base,
there were thick leather straps about two feet apart.  The guard turned to
Helen.  "You're going to watch this, bitch.  Your little friend's going to kneel
with her pretty thighs strapped apart and her throat in the garrote!  She's
going to learn to suck or get choked.  And to make it more interesting, we've
got a few extras!"  Nikki was mewing in horror as the men released her from the
wall and dragged her by the arms to the device.  They made her kneel with her
back to the post and her chin was forced up while the garrote collar was
fastened around her throat above her own collar.  Moments later, her thighs were
forced open and her legs were strapped apart at the knees.  She was whimpering
in dread and stared desperately at Helen.  What happened next was so dreadful,
Helen could barely watch.  The guards brought over a metal box with wires coming
out of it.  One of them held up a shiny metal dildo on a long pole.  "It's going
inside your sweet little cunt, bitch.  See how it's got a hole in the end? 
That's where the plug goes!"

Nikki shrieked as the dildo was forced up her vagina.  Helen could see the shaft
sticking out of the girl's labia and that a clamp held the end of the pole on
the frame between Nikki's thighs.  The ball-gag was pulled out of Nikki's mouth. 
She tried to beg for mercy.  "Please oh God, please don't hurt me!"

"You'll take me in your mouth then?" demanded the first man.

"Oh p-please don't make me suck you - I can't, its disgusting!"  The man stood
astride Nikki, one hand grasping the lever for the garrote, the other holding
his erect penis at her firmly shut mouth.  His colleague turned on the machine
and picked up a long thin probe.  He reached down between Nikki's legs and
touched the tip against Nikki's clitoris.  As the circuit flowed through Nikki's
cunt, she screamed through gritted teeth - still refusing to open her mouth to
the man's penis.  He raised the lever and the garrote tightened.  Her eyes
widened and her face started to go red as the band compressed her throat.  She
was shaking and trying to lift herself up from the dildo.  Eventually, Nikki's
lips slowly opened as she gasped for air.  She submitted to the man's demands
and took the tip of his member into her mouth but fell forwards limply.  She had
passed out! 

The men freed the garrote and removed the dildo.  Nikki was slumped face down on
the floor.  Her breath was ragged and noisy.  She coughed, spluttered, and came
to.  Without any time to recover, Nikki was forced up again by the hair while
the garrote was re-fitted.  The dildo was readied.  "This is your last chance,
cunt.  You're going to suck me off and lick me clean.  If so much as one drop
gets spilled..." 

Nikki nodded, tears streaming down her face.  He stood with his penis ready. 
Nikki was still crying.  The probe was pushed up against her clit.  With a
squeal, she pushed her head forward and tried to get her captor's member in her
mouth.  He drew back.  "Go on, beg for it, bitch!" 

The probe touched between her pussy lips again.  She screamed frantically
"Please take it out!  I'll suck you - Please!"  He moved towards her and she
opened her mouth wide.  He took hold of her hair and forced her down on his
penis.  Nikki gagged but kept licking and sucking, trying to please him.  The
electrode was removed and she kept pleasing him until he suddenly came.  She was
pulling away, a look of revulsion on her face.

"Not a single drop - or I pull the lever!"  Nikki forced herself to lick the
semen from his penis and struggled to swallow it all down.  "That's better,"
said the man cruelly.  "Now it's my friend's turn.  We'll have a competition - a
race against the current.  If you bring him off before I turn the voltage up to
maximum, you win.  If you don't, you'll get throttled!  "  Nikki wailed as they
swapped places.  As soon as the probe touched inside her labia, she started to
frantically suck and lick the second man's shaft.  The shocks between her legs
were excruciating but she managed to make him come and forced herself to
swallow.  When the probe was removed, she relaxed.  But he came back with a
crocodile clip on a wire. 

"No!  Oh please don't - I sucked like you wanted!"  She pleaded desperately,
thinking they were going to electrocute her and turn the lever until she was
throttled.

"No more sucking, bitch.  But we're going to punish you for trying to escape!" 
Nikki squealed as the ball-gag was jammed back in her mouth and tightly buckled
behind her head.  She struggled uselessly when the clip bit down on her tiny
member.  When the current started, Nikki wet herself in pain and shock.  She
screamed and wept in agony as wave after wave of electricity surged through her
tender body.  Helen turned away, feeling awful for the sobbing girl.  A hand
grabbed her chin, jerking her head back.

"No you don't, bitch.  You're going next!"  Helen stared at him in horror.  "No
electric dildo for you - just a nice little brand above your slit!"

The desperate wails from Nikki rang in Helen's ears as one of the men began to
free her collar from the wall chain.  His colleague came over.  "I just read the
manifest - she's to be branded by the owner but first he wants to try her out",
he explained.  "As for that useless bitch, she's got no buyer and we can do what
we want with her!" 

The first man smiled cruelly and dragged Helen upright by her collar.  "Well
that's compensation for not getting to burn this cunt's skin.  We need to be
more careful this time though - our reluctant cock-sucker's not very strong and
I want her to live longer than the last bitch we filmed." 

Helen managed to glimpse Nikki one last time as she was yanked out of the room
by her leash chain.  The girl was still writhing and moaning in pain but her
cries were weaker and her movements less frantic.  Helen feared what she had to
face next, but Nikki was going to be cruelly killed!  She was hauled back to her
cell and forcibly showered again.  The pipe was pushed up her vagina so harshly
that she yelped in discomfort.  Her captors made Helen brush her hair into a
single ponytail and ordered her to get dressed.  The clothes were obscene, like
something worn by a prostitute!  She had to put on a pair of tiny red thong
panties that tied at each side, a red PVC halter that zipped open at the front
and a very short matching zip-sided miniskirt.  She was given red stiletto
sandals then made to stand while her wrists were locked behind her back with
slim cuffs on a short chain.  Her ankles were also placed in matching cuffs on a
hobble chain.  Helen's collar was replaced with a slim metal ring but she wasn't
gagged. Helen shuddered as she caught sight of her reflection in the two-way
mirror.  She looked like a slut!

They marched her down the corridor past the torture room.  Helen had to take
short steps because of the hobble chain and was scared of falling.  She could
hear Nikki weeping brokenly through the open door but couldn't see her.  They
reached a lift.  Helen was surprised at how fancy it was inside - walnut
paneling, polished brass and plush red carpet.  They seemed to be going up
several floors.  As the doors slid apart, she gasped at the palatial opulence of
the corridor - it had crystal lampshades, paintings on the walls and an even
plusher carpet.  They reached a large double door.  Helen was thrust inside and
the door locked behind her.  She was alone.

The room was fantastic - like a suite in a very expensive hotel.  There was a
huge double bed on a low stage.  All the walls and ceiling had mirrors.  The
open wardrobes were filled with strange clothes made from plastic, rubber, and
leather.  Helen shuddered at the sight of a large antique table that was covered
with cruel devices - dildoes, vibrators, gags, whips, clamps and other evil
things designed to hurt and rape.  There was a small brazier on a stand
containing glowing charcoal - a metal rod was buried at one end in the fire
while the other end was insulated by an ornately engraved wooden handle.  Helen
realized it was the branding iron!  In the corner of the room, there was a
leather-padded trestle.  It had leather cuffs on chains at each corner of the
base.  Helen knew it was for bending a girl over to be whipped and abused.  She
stumbled across to the bed and sat abjectly on the edge.  There was no escape
possible and she would soon be serving a stranger. Would he kill her like poor
Nikki if she failed to satisfy him?  It was so awful.

The lock turned and a giant of a man entered the room.  Helen cowered in dismay
as he pointed at her, snapped his fingers once then pointed to the floor at his
feet.  He was dressed in a dark business suit - was this the man who owned her? 
Helen struggled to kneel in front of him; fearful he would hurt her if she did
not obey.  He lifted his right foot and pushed her down until her face was on
the carpet.  Helen felt his heel pressing down against her neck.  She lay in
terror waiting for him to crush her throat.  Another man entered the room.  All
Helen could see was his highly polished shoes and expensive trousers. 

"Ah...thank you Tarik.  You may guard the door while I...I get to see if this
delightful young creature is fit enough to be kept!  Rise, child and let me
examine you."  His voice was clear, proud, and slightly exotic.  Helen could not
place the accent at all - Arabic or Far Eastern?  She struggled upright and
stared at the man who had bought her for the very first time.  He was of average
height and build, middle aged and with a kindly smiling face. 

"Please let me go," she whispered.  Helen searched his features for any sign of
compassion. 

"Let you go free?  Most certainly not, my little one.  You are mine now, if you
perform well, and you have been an expensive purchase.  No, I shall keep you if
I am pleased.  Or shall I send you back downstairs to be discarded like the one
I rejected?"  His words were dangerously ominous yet his voice was so gentle. 
Helen knew it was useless - she would only be tortured and destroyed as Nikki
was going to be.  Oh God, she realized.  Nikki's being killed while I'm up here!

"Now stand tall while I inspect my goods!"  He suddenly ordered.  Helen stood to
attention as the man slowly walked around her.  He touched her cheek and smiled. 
He lifted up her miniskirt at the front to reveal her tiny briefs.  "Oh yes,
very good!" he murmured.  She had to endure his hands on her buttocks as he
played with her soft flesh.  "Yes, most satisfactory!"  The man started to unzip
the front of her halter until it was fully open.  His fingers slid across her
breasts, fondling her ringed nipples.  "Most charming!"  The poppers on the
halter were freed, leaving the garment to slip to the floor.  Helen reddened in
shame, as her miniskirt was unzipped so she was standing with nothing on but the
thong panties and stilettos.  She started to cry softly when the left bow of her
panties was loosened.  The right side was opened and he slipped the red cotton
triangle away from her crotch.  His fingers found her ringed clit.  "So
delightful!"  She shuddered as a finger strayed between her labia and probed the
entrance of her vagina.  "Good.  Now you must bend over the frame my dear. 
Tarik will help you."

Helen sobbed as the huge servant called Tarik removed her ankle cuffs and wrist
cuffs then took her by the hand.  His fingers were so huge next to hers.  She
was led across to the frame and firmly pushed forward by her back so she was
bent down with her waist over the soft padded bar.  First, her wrists were
tightly strapped to each side.  Then her ankles were equally secured.  Tarik
adjusted each chain until she was being stretched down with her arms and legs
splayed and her backside thrust obscenely up in the air.  "Now soften her,
Tarik." 

Tarik forced a rubber bit in her mouth and tightened it behind her head.  She
shook as he moved behind her.  The first sting of the cat across her buttocks
startled her and she squealed in pain and shock.  He lashed her again, expertly
across the backs and insides of her opened thighs.  Helen screamed in pain. 
Tarik was a master with the cat, flogging her without rhythm, curling the
strands into her pussy so they flicked mercilessly against her inner lips. 
Helen mewed and writhed urgently as intense erotic pain followed each crack of
the whip.  He stopped and removed her gag bit.  "Thank you, Tarik.  You have
excelled yourself."

Tarik lifted up Helen's chin and forced her head up while her new owner moved
behind her backside.  She gasped as a whirring vibrator began to enter her anus. 
It was followed by another inside her aching cunt.  The incredible vibrations
were making her become more aroused.  "Now let me see how you lick, my dear."

Helen groaned as the man swapped places with his servant and pulled her head up
by her ponytail.  His erect penis pushed against her mouth.  Helen knew she had
to do this disgusting thing or she would not survive.  She closed her eyes and
licked underneath the tip.  He smelled clean and gingery.  She licked, sucked,
and kissed eagerly to please this man who would decide if she lived or died.  He
came in her cheek with a little sigh and waited until Helen had swallowed and
cleaned him with her tongue. 

The man relaxed on the bed while Tarik freed her from the frame.  "You are
called Helen?  I am pleased with that name - you will keep it.  Before you are
bent backwards over the bar for my brand, I might grant you one request as
payment for your service just now.  After all, I don't own you until you are
marked.""

Helen was terrified of being branded but managed to blurt out her request. 
"Please, Master..."

"I am not yet your Master, slave."

"P-please, Sir.  Oh please save Nikki.  They're going to maim and kill her!"

"This is the girl I rejected, yes?"

"Nikki, y-yes.  Please, Sir.  They're doing it now!  Oh please stop them!"

"Perhaps it is already too late, child.  We will see after you wear my mark. 
Tarik, could you use this Nikki as a slave?"

Tarik grinned at his master and pulled Helen back to the frame.  He arched her
back and swiftly cuffed her with her head hanging down.  She begged him for the
gag bit to help her bear the brand.  He stared at her in surprise, then strapped
it into her mouth.  Helen ached from the desperately uncomfortable position. 
She knew they were at her front.  "Tarik, prepare the site please".

Something intensely cold was being rubbed on her abdomen just above the cleft of
her shaven cunt.  Helen tensed herself and waited.  The pain hit before the
sound.  Incredible devastating pain, then an awful hissing sizzling noise.  Her
attempt at screaming was broken by a ragged howl.  She was branded!




CHAPTER 2

Helen was jolted back into full consciousness by a hard slap across her face. 
The huge servant, Tarik, was shaking her with a look of urgency in his dark
eyes.  "So you are awake, slave Helen."  The older man's voice was relaxed,
almost chatty.  "My servant has made a fine job of your brand - I think it shall
be decorated with a tattoo." 

Helen struggled in panic.  She was lying naked on her back, wrists cuffed behind
and ankles hobbled.  She peered down and moaned in shock at the site of a dark
red circle that had been seared into her abdomen just an inch above her cunt. 
There was a curved symbol in the center of the circle.  Strangely, she felt no
pain but tightness in the skin.  "There is no wound, my dear slave.  The brand
is quick and clean - Tarik has had plenty of practice.  Now come - we have a
bargain to complete.  Your young friend is to be retrieved from her tormentors."

Oh God!  Nikki!  Helen jerked upright and shuffled towards the door.  She was
suddenly jerked back by her collar.  Her new Master held her on a chain lead! 
"Oh please hurry!  Please M-Master, please stop them!"  Helen had shocked
herself by calling this man her Master.  But there was no time to spare on
herself.  She couldn't bear the thought of Nikki being cruelly tortured to
death.  Helen didn't really know her but she couldn't leave her to her fate. 
The walk to the lift took ages.  She whimpered in dread of what was going on
below them.  As the lift doors slid apart, there was the anguished sound of a
scream.  It was like a deranged animal in despair - Nikki!

The man nodded to Tarik who bolted down the corridor out of view.  Helen was in
tears as she shuffled behind her Master.  It was too late!  As they approached
the torture room, she could hear angry voices.  "You stupid fucking Arab bastard
- you've ruined the take!"  One of the men was yelling in fury at Tarik.  Helen
could barely look as they reached the door.  It was so awful.

Poor Nikki was hanging suspended in chains, like something from the Inquisition. 
Her wrists were clamped to the ends of a metal bar with a collar at its center. 
Her ankles were also stretched down and apart by chains, and her whole weight
was resting on a narrow metal pipe across two trestles.  The pipe had splayed
Nikki's cunt lips like a viciously thin saddle.  She was shaking in agony. 
Worse still, her hands and feet were each caught in some kind of vice that was
crushing her fingers and toes.  Nikki's nose was bleeding heavily and her eyes
were swollen half-shut.  Her poor tongue was also caught in a clamp.  Tarik
stood between Nikki and her two torturers, one of whom held a glowing poker they
had been sliding inside the pipe.  Helen shrank back in fear, unable to take her
eyes of Nikki's dreadful state.

"What are you doing to my property?"  Helen's Master was polite but cold.  "This
slave", he motioned indifferently towards Helen, "she disappoints me.  She is
not worth the price - I will take them both at no extra cost.  Tarik, get her
down!"  The men stood in frustrated anger but they knew better than to argue
with Tarik.  "Tarik, give me your jacket - you don't want to get it soiled!"

The servant nodded then removed the garment.  He swiftly released Nikki's
outstretched ankles then removed the yoke from its chain.  Nikki lay on the
ground in desperate pain.  Tarik released the clamp on her tongue.  She screamed
in agony as the blood rushed back into her flesh, welling out where the spikes
of the clamp had pierced her tongue.  As each vice was slackened on her hands
and feet, she shrieked in agony.  Tarik swung her over his shoulder and walked
out of the room.  Nikki hung limply down his back, her blood smeared his white
shirt where her hands and face fell.  She was silent - mercifully unconscious.

Helen was dragged along until they reached her cell.  Tarik placed Nikki down on
the bench, lying on her back.  She was groaning and barely able to move but she
was conscious - and alive!  As Tarik released Helen from her fetters, she tried
to reach Nikki but was pushed back.  In fear, she watched as Tarik proceeded to
strap Nikki firmly down to the bench, pinning her by the wrists, ankles, neck,
and waist.  He used more straps around Nikki's thighs so she was completely
restrained.  Tarik left the cell.  Helen begged her Master for mercy.

"But my dear slave, Tarik IS being merciful.  Your young friend is already
suffering - a further ordeal now rather than a second agony to come.  Besides,
she is of no consequence to me.  Tarik shall have her."  The man's huge servant
had returned with the small brazier.  He looked questioningly at his Master. 
"Yes, Tarik.  She is yours - she needs no name."  He smiled in amusement. 
"Indeed, she will be called 'No-name'!"  Tarik nodded with satisfaction.  He
motioned to Helen, handed her a short pole with a rubber center then pointed to
Nikki's mouth.  Helen stared in shock at him, then realized she must gag Nikki
for the branding!

Nikki stared up at her and whispered thickly "No Helen, please no!"

Tears welled up in Helen's eyes.  "Oh Nikki, I can't stop them, you must take
the gag.  Oh please open your mouth!"  Nikki sobbed and opened her swollen lips. 
Helen held the bar down between the shaking girl's teeth.  She watched in
fascinated horror as Tarik sprayed something on Nikki's abdomen.  The girl
flinched but could barely move for the straps.  Tarik took the brand.  Helen
could see the dull red glow of the end as it was lowered towards Nikki's skin. 
In one swift movement, Tarik pressed the brand firmly against Nikki's body.  She
went rigid as her pubic hair was singed moments before her flesh burnt.  As
quickly as it had been applied, Tarik removed the brand.  Nikki howled in
anguish and clamped her jaws on the gag.  The cooling spray was applied and
Helen was motioned back.  Her Master smiled, and strolled out of the cell. 
Tarik inspected his new property.  Removing his single earring, he pushed
Nikki's head over to her right side.  Without warning, he pinched it shut
through her left ear lobe, making her squeal in pain.  Blood was seeping from
her ear.  Tarik bent forward and gently stroked Nikki's cheek, then tore off his
bloodstained shirt, and threw it at Helen.  He motioned towards Nikki and left,
slamming the cell door behind him.  Nikki was tearfully whimpering and Helen
rushed over to free her friend.  Her struggles to free the heavy buckles on the
straps were suddenly interrupted by frantic screams in the next cell...

Helen desperately tugged at the buckle at Nikki's throat until it worked loose. 
Nikki croaked, her swollen tongue slurring her words.  "Goin to die!"  She
gulped and wept softly. 

Helen stopped freeing her and touched her wet cheek.  "Hey, Nikki p-please don't
say that - we stopped them in time!"  Nikki turned away and cried in silence. 
Once Helen had all the straps loose, she gently lifted the shaking girl up and
tried to wipe away the blood from her mouth.  Nikki's fingers were turning
purple where the clamps had crushed her hands.  Her ankles were bruised by the
chain links that had bitten into her skin.  She tried to stand so she could
reach the drain in the floor that was their toilet.  As soon as her toes pressed
on the steel she shrieked in terrible pain and collapsed to her knees.  Nikki
crawled in misery to the shower and struggled to pee in the hole.  Helen turned
away to give the girl some privacy. 

The door swung open - the torturers had been waiting for Tarik and his Master to
leave.  One seized Helen and painfully twisted her arms up her back.  "You cost
us some fun, bitch.  We're going to teach you a lesson!"  He forced her down and
cuffed her wrists and ankles together.  Before she could recover, she was
ball-gagged and left face down on the floor.  Nikki shrank back in absolute
terror as the two men approached.  She tried to crawl away but one swiftly
grabbed her foot making her cry in agony.  She was dragged by her arms against
the cell wall. 

"Hey!  Little No-name's gonna fight us - yeah!  Then we get to punish her real
bad - you gonna fight us, cunt?"  He sniggered in her face.  Nikki shivered and
shook her head.  "What's that?  Speak up, No-name!"

Nikki whispered hoarsely.  "N-n-no, please sir, n-not fight!" 

He pulled a face.  "Pity!  Still, you have to be heavily cuffed - you tried to
escape.  So put out your legs, No-name cunt!"  Nikki sat on the cold metal
ground and watched in horror as he locked both her ankles into the ends of a
steel bar.  It was rigid, very heavy and forced her legs about three feet apart. 
There was a short chain from the center of the bar.  He slid a second bar up
behind her knees and clamped her thighs so her legs were spread open.  There
were rigid cuffs at either end of the thigh bar.  "Go on, cunt!  Put your wrists
in the grooves!"  Nikki gulped huge sobs as her arms were pinned to the sides of
her knees.  There was a short chain from the center of the thigh bar attached to
a thick steel collar, which he opened and pulled up towards Nikki's neck.  "Lean
forward, No-name!"  Nikki could barely move with fear.  She stared down at the
open collar - like the jaws of a steel mouth.  He yanked her down by her hair
and clamped it shut around her throat.  She was unable to straighten herself! 
The man chained her collar at the back to a wall ring then stretched out the
short chain from her ankle bar to a nearby floor ring and padlocked it so she
couldn't move around. 

"Open wide, No-name!"  Nikki panicked at the sight of a much larger ball gag. 
"Wider!"  She stretched her jaws apart and gasped as the red rubber ball
squeezed between her teeth.  It hurt her mouth and she couldn't make more than a
terrified squeak.  He gripped the center of the chain between the thigh bar and
her collar, pulling her up until her body was lifted clear of the floor.  Nikki
mewed and shook her head urgently when his colleague slid a vicious-looking
device under her body.  It was a long spiked ridge with two studded dildoes
pointing upwards.  She screamed as she was slowly lowered down towards the tips
of the cruel probes.  They positioned the ridge until she could feel the ends of
the dildoes pressing just inside her cunt and between her taut buttocks.  He let
go and Nikki tried desperately to lift herself upwards.  Her feet were slipping
and the steel collar round her throat was choking her - she abruptly sank down
on the dildoes and shrieked in anguish as her own weight drove them deeper into
her abused body.  The spikes bit into her cleft but not enough to pierce.  Nikki
squealed in agony.  "Like that, No-name?  We'll just sort out your friend then
we'll be back!"

Helen twisted her head away, her heart pounding madly as they came over.  Her
ankle cuffs were separated from her wrist cuffs and she was hauled to her feet. 
More cuffs were locked around her elbows, forcing her arms painfully together. 
Her thumbs were pinned in small rigid cuffs.  She squealed piteously while her
ponytail was knotted to a rope and the other end was tied between her thumbs. 
One of the men left the cell briefly then returned with a wooden device.  It was
a thin plank with its edge pointing upwards, supported about 3 feet off the
ground by trestles at each end.  Helen cried in anguish as she watched them
position the plank under the hoist chain in the center of the cell.  She
struggled as they lifted her up by her arms and forced her to straddle the plank
with her ankles bent up behind her body.  The plank was digging in between her
cunt lips and Helen tried to lift herself off by straightening her legs.  They
secured the rope between her hair and thumbs to the hoist and raised it until
her body was being held up.  Her knees were strapped together under the plank
and more thumb cuffs were clamped around her big toes.  Helen was in agony - the
plank bit deeper and she couldn't get off!  She tried to ease the awful pain in
her arms but only hurt herself more as her head was yanked back by her ponytail. 
Beads of sweat were pouring off her shaking body.  She could hear Nikki's
anguished screams and joined with her own.  Through tear-filled eyes, she saw
one of the men advancing towards her breasts with a long pointed wand with two
sharp studs at the end.  He pressed it against her right nipple and squeezed a
red button...

Helen jerked in instant agony as current surged through her breast.  For a brief
second her body was supported only by her thumbs, ankles and ponytail.  She
dropped down on the plank, burying it even deeper between her labia.  Helen
barely had time to shriek before the cruel device was discharged against her
left nipple.  It moved down to her tummy button.  The shock was like a punch to
her stomach!  Winded and in severe agony, she writhed as each buttock was
punished by a jolt.  "Hood the bitch!"  Helen mewed in terror while a black
nylon sack was pulled down over her head and drawn tightly under her chin.  Once
the buckle was secured, she could see nothing and could not tell where the
electric probe would go next!  Frantic with fear, she tried to stay as still as
possible to ease the awful pain inside her pussy.  Seconds ticked by before the
next jolt struck - on the sole of her right foot!  She wailed and twisted in
pain, grinding the edge of the plank against her ringed clit.  She couldn't bear
the cruelty but they ignored her high-pitched screams and carried on applying
the device.

Nikki was half-crazy with pain.  She twisted her hands and feet in the rigid
bars, unable to gain any relief from her double penetration.  "No-name, you
liked a bit of heat - didn't you?  Well, we don't want you missing out because
you were bought..." She shook her heavily collared head as wires were connected
to the ridge.  Her aching cunt was getting warm!  Nikki was terrified - now her
ass was getting warmer too - the dildoes were heated!  She was screaming and
straining against the heavy restraints in her useless attempt to escape the hot
feeling in her crotch.  They were burning her!  She pleaded with her eyes at the
man who had connected the wires.  He smiled and watched her desperate struggle. 
The heat was building up!  Nikki panted and shook violently, trying to lift
herself up off the ridge.  With a sickening howl, she lost her grip and her
heels slid forward on the bare floor.  As she sank down harder on the scalding
hot probes, Nikki prayed for mercy.  Mummy!  Her howls grew fainter as she
blacked out, unable to take any more...

...She woke on her side in the shower.  Water was pouring all over her body. 
Helen was trying to wash her and she was crying.  Nikki felt strangely detached
from everything.  "Ohh Nikki, thank goodness you've woken up!  I th-thought they
had killed you!"  Nikki stared at her naked companion.  There were red marks all
over Helen's skin where the studs of the electric probe had touched her skin. 
Helen's private parts were swollen and were a raw, angry red.  Nikki lay on her
back, letting the cool drops fall on her pain-racked body.  She was so shocked
by her ill treatment; she couldn't speak just then.  It was all too much for the
girl's brain.  She was so tired; all she wanted to do was sleep. 

"Th-they've gone Nikki.  They left us some food and water.  We're alone now. 
Nikki, please talk to me.  Please!"  She touched the prone girl's cheek.

"Not Nikki," the injured girl whispered.  "Just No-name...No-name!"  She rolled
over in pain and crawled slowly over to the dish of food - plain brown rice and
chunks of dried meat.  Her mouth was too sore to eat.  She tried to lift up the
plastic cup but her bruised hands shook so badly the handle slipped from her
fingers.  Helen limped over and tried to soothe her cries.  "N-no!  Leave
No-name alone!  Stolen, raped, hurt me - hurt so bad...wanted to die. 
Saved...y-you saved me j-just to get b-branded and th-then th-they..." Nikki
couldn't go on.  She curled into a ball and sobbed quietly. 

Helen didn't know what to do.  She was in pain too.  She was starving but
couldn't eat either.  She wanted to stay close to Nikki, to cuddle her and be
cuddled.  She knew the man who called himself Master would return with Tarik. 
What would happen?  It was too awful to think about!  She lay on the floor near
to Nikki but not close enough to touch. 

Helen woke as her side was lightly kicked.  She started and looked up at Tarik. 
He was holding Nikki by her collar as she knelt abjectly by his side.  Tarik
motioned for her to stand.  He pointed at the toilet.  She reddened and
understood he wanted her to relieve herself - while he was in the cell!  Too
fearful to disobey, Helen squatted and peed into the hole, ashamed by her naked,
degraded state.  He motioned for her to kneel.

Nikki was dragged by her collar to the cell door.  There was a large flight case
outside.  It was open at the front.  She could see straps inside!  Nikki
panicked and tried to draw back.  A light cuff to her head stopped her
resistance.  Shaking with fright, Nikki limply sat inside the case while Tarik
drew the straps tightly around her waist, chest, and legs.  The case was padded
and she was soon secured with her arms strapped to the sides.  Tarik put his
finger over his mouth to warn her to make no noise, then closed the side, and
locked it shut.  Nikki wept as it went dark.  She felt the case rocking as it
was wheeled along the corridor.  She knew Helen was going to be taken too - but
where?  They had stopped...then a lift...a long corridor?....being lifted...a
scraping noise...an engine...

As the cell door slammed shut, Helen began to panic.  Nikki had been dragged out
by the collar, whimpering with fear.  Her new Master, Tarik, had shown no
compassion as he pulled Nikki along like an animal!  Next it would be her turn
and she was scared.  Helen stumbled around the cell with her hands over her
mouth.  She stared at her tearful reflection - naked, pierced and collared.  The
angry red marks where the probe had shocked her were fading.  Her brand was
still dark red and it was a cruel reminder of her fate - a bought slave!  She
wept and hugged herself in anguish.

The lock clicked then Tarik came back.  "Oh no!  Oh please Tarik!  Don't..." She
squealed as Tarik rushed over and yanked her head back by her ponytail.  Forcing
her down, he pinned her with his knee on her back while he removed a cloth and a
small bottle from his pocket.  "N-no!  Ohh, mmmmphhh!"  Helen tried to pull the
rag from her mouth and nose but he was too strong.  The pungent fumes stung her
eyes and throat!  She tried to hold her breath but it was no use.  As she gasped
for air the tranquilizer began to take effect and she eventually went limp. 
Tarik threw the cloth to one side and removed a syringe from his other pocket. 
With practiced ease he stabbed the needle into her buttock and emptied the
syringe.  Helen would be doped for the whole journey.

Nikki sat in the dark flight case trying to hear anything.  They had stopped the
engine and she was being shaken around then...nothing.  It seemed like ages and
she had no idea what day or time it was - how long since she had been abducted? 
Days?  A week?  She shivered as the memory of the two men attacking her
returned.  One had handcuffed her wrists behind her back and held her with his
hand over her mouth while the other had cuffed her ankles.  Her mouth had been
gagged with a knotted scarf and then a sack had been pulled over her head.  She
had been forced into a car and groped while they drove at speed.  Tears welled
in her eyes as she whispered to herself.  "Mummy, I-I don't want to die!"  There
was a low droning noise.  It grew louder and higher - a jet engine!  Nikki was
sobbing loudly now.  The whining became a roar and she felt the plane shake as
it started down the runway.  "Ohhh, M-mum!  Ohhh p-please!  Nooooo!!!"  Nikki
broke down and howled in abject despair as the plane left the ground.  She
realized finally that thoughts of escape were hopeless.  She knew she would
never go back and would never see her family again!

Helen's vision was blurred.  She felt so dizzy but the ground was staying still! 
The air was warm and she could hear the frenzied sounds of insects.  Blinking,
she tried to sit up but fell back as her arms were cuffed behind her.  As she
moved her feet, there was a metallic scraping noise.  She knew that noise -
chain!  As she feared, there were thick metal cuffs pinning her ankles together,
attached to a long chain that was secured to a ring on the floor.  She tried to
curl up but the wide collar around her throat started to dig under her chin.  It
too was restrained by a heavy chain to another floor ring above her head.  At
least she wasn't gagged.  She stared around the gloomy stone room and realized
there was a tiny open window high up in one corner.  It had wide bars but she
could see a small bit of sky - stars!  It was nighttime!  But where was she? 
All she could remember was the cloth over her mouth, the unpleasant medical
smell and feeling she was falling...how long had she been unconscious?  There
was a noise in the darkness.  Somebody else was in the room!

"Nikki?  Nikki!  Is that you?  Where are we?"  Helen whispered, fearful of a
strange voice in reply.

"Go 'way!  Leave me 'lone!"  Nikki sobbed in the gloom.

"Sorry Nikki, don't be like that.  W-where are we?  I-I'm f-frightened!"

"Dunno - we flew.  Long flight - dunno.  Don't care - not even Nikki anymore,
just a No-name s-slave!"  Her voice broke on the last word and she wept
exhaustedly.  Nikki had been crying so much her voice was hoarse and her eyes
ached.  Helen quietly sobbed too.

There were footsteps.  The door opened and a tall figure stood in the lit
doorway - Tarik!  He moved towards Nikki.  "No!  Ohh no!  Please no! 
Mmmmphhhh!!!!!"  Her squeals were shut off by a ball gag.  Tarik swiftly
unlocked Nikki's collar from the chain then freed her ankle cuffs.  She mewed
piteously as they were secured together by a short hobble chain.  Forcing her
upright, he clicked a long chain to the front of her collar and pulled on it. 
Helen shrank back in fear as Nikki was tugged out of the room.  The door was
slammed shut, leaving her in the dark - alone.

Nikki stumbled behind Tarik, trying to keep up but the hobble chain made her
take small rapid steps.  The links rattled on the ground as she trotted
unhappily behind the man who had branded her.  They were in a whitewashed
corridor.  It had red carpet and no decorations.  Tarik stopped at a door,
opened it, and hauled Nikki inside.  It was a barely furnished room with a large
bed.  Tarik paused to padlock Nikki's leash chain to the foot of the bed and
removed her ball gag.  "What are you going to - ohh n-no!!"  Nikki shrank away
as Tarik started to undress.  Once his shirt was removed, Nikki could only stare
in shock at his huge, muscular chest and arms.  She gasped as he unzipped his
trousers and pulled them off.  "N-no!!"  She squealed as the naked man pulled
her towards him.  He sat on the edge of the bed and forced her to kneel between
his thighs.  Nikki stopped trying to resist and dumbly obeyed his strong hands
as she was guided towards his crotch.  Forcing herself to look down she tried to
jerk free at the sight of his erect penis - it was massive!  "Oh please!  I-I
can't!  You're t-too big!"  His grip on her hair tightened.  She was inches away
from the tip!  Shaking with fear, Nikki parted her lips as wide as she could and
accepted the broad tip of his member.  He pushed her down further.  Nikki
gurgled and tried not to retch as the end of his penis filled her mouth and
pressed against the back of her throat.  She was only halfway down his shaft! 
Luckily, Tarik pulled her back and sat as she licked and sucked the
velvet-smooth glans.  It tasted salty and faintly spiced.  He suddenly pulled
her off and drew her onto the bed.  "No!"  Nikki squealed in dawning horror. 
"No - PLEASE!!!  You're too big for me - you can't - AAAIIIIEEEEE!!!!!!!"

Tarik lay on his back and easily lifted his slave until she was straddling his
hips.  Unable to escape, Nikki was kneeling as high as she could but his erect
penis was already probing her cleft.  His massive hands moved to her hips.  He
started to pull her down!  Her urgent cries became a scream as she was driven on
to his stiff cock.  Nikki felt as if her insides were being torn out!  He was
pumping her up and down.  She strained uselessly against her cuffs but the
agonizing penetration made her weak!  She cried in pain and shock as his pace
quickened until he pulled her right down and emptied himself in her ravaged
pussy.  Nikki threw back her head and howled!  Satisfied, Tarik pulled her off
then grasped her to him.  Nikki lay on his glistening chest, his fingers hooked
through her collar.  She wept in pain.  Yet for all the awful torment and being
nearly split in two, something strange had moved her.  Nikki was horrified at
herself - had she found a sordid pleasure in being brutally raped by this giant
of a man?  Her sobs grew quieter.  His hand stroked her hair - gently!  He
smelled warm and earthy.  She began to relax...

Tarik pushed her over on her back.  "What?  P-please let me rest!  Oh please
Tarik!  Don't..." He pressed one large hand over her protesting mouth and slid
the other between her thighs.  Her eyes grew huge with fright.  His fingers slid
inside her sopping cunt.  Nikki arched her back and mewed wildly!  With great
skill and expert movements, Tarik brought Nikki to a thundering orgasm - her
first ever!  Screaming past his hand, Nikki wailed in protest as a wave of
quivering pleasure overwhelmed her.  She pulled tightly against the cuffs on her
wrists and ankles and tried to bear down on his finger to prolong the moment. 
"OHHHH GDDDDDD!!!!!!  D-DN'TTTTT STPPPPP!!!!!!!!........."




CHAPTER 3

Tarik tugged Nikki's collar to wake her.  She stirred weakly and opened her eyes
to stare up into his face.  Her mind was in turmoil.  This man had been so cruel
- branding her, raping her, chaining her to his bed, and leaving her to sleep on
the floor.  Yet he was the same man who had stopped her from being tortured and
killed!  He had forced her to take his huge penis in her mouth and then in her
pussy but then he had brought her to an incredible earth-shattering orgasm with
his fingers.  Nikki knew she was supposed to hate him but it wasn't that simple. 
Was it love?  The thought shocked her!

Tarik was already dressed.  He pulled the young girl up and locked the chain
leash to the front of her collar.  He would try her without the ball gag but if
she made too much noise, it would be strapped securely into her mouth.  She took
short steps as quickly as possible to keep up; her ankles were still hobbled
together.  Once they were in the washroom, he locked the door and removed all
her restraints.  Nikki stood rubbing her wrists and waited uncertainly while he
drew over a stool.  He pointed to her and motioned towards the stool.  Nikki
quickly went over and sat as ordered, fearful of speaking in case he grew angry. 
When Tarik came towards her, he was holding a set of metal cuffs and a new
collar - and a ratchet!  "What, ohh please Tarik, don't cuff me again please!" 
Nikki's pleas were useless.  Tarik closed the hinge of the cuff round her left
ankle and began to screw the bolt into the joint.  Nikki watched miserably as he
tightened the bolt with the ratchet.  With one final twist, the top sheared off,
leaving the thread inside.  Nikki gasped as it dawned that these cuffs had no
locks - they were permanent!  Tears welled in her eyes as her right ankle was
cuffed and bolted so it would never come off.  She wept pitifully as both her
wrists were sealed into their cuffs.  As the collar slipped round her neck, she
choked back a loud sob.  The clicking sound of the ratchet was awful.  There was
a tinkling noise as the head of the last bolt fell to the floor.  She was
fettered forever!

She was so distressed by the new restraints that she did not resist him when he
pushed her thighs apart.  He used a shaver to remove the last of her pubic hair
that had not been singed away by the branding iron.  He rubbed a cream into the
stubble that would completely destroy the roots then made her stand with her
hands against the shower wall.  Nikki felt his foot kicking her ankle and spread
her legs as he pushed the tip of the shower hose up inside her pussy.  Next was
her anus - she clenched her buttocks involuntarily but the pipe was in before
she could relax.  She was cleaned from top to bottom and toweled dry.  Tarik
gave her a brush to tidy her hair, then attached a leash to her collar, and
unlocked the door.  Nikki was very scared and kept touching the sealed hinges of
her wrist cuffs. 

They went through a door at the end of the corridor and she found herself at the
bottom of a large staircase.  The furnishings were grand, fantastically
expensive, and eastern in taste.  Two armed men were standing guard at the front
door.  They were making comments about her - she felt so naked and vulnerable. 
Tarik handed her a polishing cloth and pointed towards the stairs.  Nikki stared
at the cloth and then knelt at the bottom step.  Her tears dripped on to the
marble at the side of the thick red carpet.  She began to wipe.  As she worked,
Tarik watched his 'slave' intently.  This had started as a joke - she was a
servant's slave, his Master had called her 'No-name' for she was unworthy of a
name.  But Tarik was secretly pleased.  He had a pet and he would train her as
he saw fit - she was his!

Nikki was halfway up the steps when the front door flew open and a tall,
longhaired woman swept up the stairs.  Nikki saw her leather-clad legs as she
went past.  The woman had stopped, turned and gone back down to where she knelt. 
Nikki stared at the expensive stiletto sandals and fitted black leather jeans. 
She lifted her eyes and realized the woman was looking down at her.  "What is
your name, child?"  She sounded kindly but there was an edge to her voice that
seemed dangerous.

"N-Nik...N-No-name," she whispered uncertain how to address this woman.

"No-name?"  She threw back her head and laughed.  "How sweet!  You will do
fine!"  She was staring almost hungrily at Nikki's naked, fettered body.  Nikki
was frightened.  There was something cruel, violent, and menacing in this
woman's expression. 

Tarik rushed up the stairs and gripped Nikki's collar tightly.  "Tarik?  Is this
delightful creature yours?"  Nikki pressed against Tarik's leg.  She knew he was
safer than this threatening female.  The woman smiled.  "How divine - a slave to
a servant!  How amusing!  Tarik, may I borrow her?" 

Tarik's face was grim.  He twisted the leash firmly round his wrist, drawing
Nikki in until her face was pressed against his thigh.  "Don't worry - I won't
spoil your little toy!  Your master has brought me another girl to play with - I
only want your little No-name to wash me.  But if you do tire of her, I'm sure
we could have fun with her in the Play room!"

Tarik slowly handed the leash to his master's second wife.  Nikki tried to hold
on to his leg as she was yanked up the staircase by the woman.  "Come along
little No-name - I want you to soothe me."  She kicked off her sandals and left
them on the landing, then drew the shaking girl inside her bedroom...

Tarik stared solemnly at his slave as she was dragged inside the bedroom. 
No-name had both her hands on her collar and was trying to pull back but was not
strong - or stupid enough to resist.  He had other duties - the playroom needed
to be readied for his master.

The door clicked shut behind Nikki and the woman sat on the edge of her bed. 
"Well?"  She beckoned to Nikki.  "Undress me!"

"P-please n-no!  I-I can't!  It's n-not right!"  Nikki whispered, terrified that
this woman wanted to have sex with her.

"Dearest child, this is a simple choice - obey and please me, or fail and please
me more!"  Her laughter was evil!  "You wouldn't believe how much a disobedient
slave can endure before the end!"

Tears dripped from Nikki's face but she forced herself to approach the woman. 
Her fingers struggled to undo the buttons on her silk blouse.  "That's better,
mores the pity!  Now for my jeans..."

Nikki knelt down and loosened the buckle of the silver belt around the woman's
waist.  She opened the top button then pulled the zip down towards the woman's
crotch.  "Ahhhh, yes!"  Moments later, the woman was dressed only in a bra and a
thong.  Nikki hesitated, then made herself unclip her bra.  The woman had
beautiful large breasts.  She hooked her fingers through the sides of the
woman's thong panties and slid them down.  "Now you must use your sweet little
tongue - or lose it like your precious Tarik!"  Nikki began to shake.  The woman
was lying back on the edge of the bed with her legs bent up and spread apart. 
Her pussy was exposed and open!  Nikki had never seen a cunt close-up before. 
She had glanced in shame at Helen's shaved and pierced crotch but this was
worse!  The woman was waiting.  Nikki stifled her sobs and knelt down. 

"L-lady, p-please don't make m-me do this!"  She begged, forlornly hoping for
mercy.

"No-name, my dear.  You shall lick and kiss me until I am satisfied - if I am
not satisfied, I shall have your tongue removed with heated tongs!  Well?"

She knew it was no idle threat.  Trembling, Nikki leaned forward and put her
lips to the woman's cunt.  It smelled sweaty, slightly fishy and like new bread. 
She pushed the tip of her tongue out between her lips and slid it along the
woman's cleft.  "Aaaaahhhh!  That's better!"

The humiliating obscene act would never leave Nikki's mind.  Nikki  had sucked,
licked, nibbled and tugged with her teeth until the woman had moaned in
abandonment.  She had reached down and pressed Nikki's face against her crotch,
her long fingernails had dug into Nikki's scalp until it bled!  Finally, she had
kicked Nikki away and strolled lazily to the shower.  Nikki was ordered to wash
her with her bare hands.  The woman had kissed her and pushed her tongue inside
her mouth!  She felt so dirty, so used - even more than by the men!  She had
endured being fingered inside her pussy by the woman and had responded!  It was
awful - the woman had made her climax on her hand!  She felt so ashamed...

Nikki discovered the woman's name - Andrea.  She was the second wife of the man
who was Master.  She had told Nikki that she was to be called Mistress at all
times, or her punishment would be swift and severe!  Food was sent up, brought
by Tarik who had frowned at Nikki as he entered with the tray.  Mistress Andrea
insisted that Nikki should feed her, and had not even allowed her one scrap! 
Her tummy ached from the sight and smell of all the food...

"Now you shall dress me, little No-name.  And you shall keep your precious
tongue - for today!"  The Mistress selected a high-cut silky bodysuit, stiletto
boots and a black leather catsuit.  Nikki felt even more naked as she helped the
woman to dress.  Pausing to put matching leather gloves on, the Mistress
re-fitted Nikki's collar chain and towed her down the stairs.  She handed the
end of the chain to Tarik.  "You have a disappointing slave, Tarik. 
Unfortunately, she performed poorly!"  The women shrugged.  "Oh well, better
luck next time!"  She waved airily and strolled out of the hall into the
servant's corridor.  Tarik gripped the chain and pulled it up, forcing Nikki to
stand on tiptoe to stop getting choked! 

"P-please!  Tarik - n-no!  I did my b-best!"  Nikki gasped and clutched at her
collar.  His face was like thunder.  She wailed as he gripped her left nipple
between finger and thumb then twisted it savagely.  Forcing her down across his
knee, he gripped both Nikki's wrists in one hand and began to smack her
backside.  Nikki yelled with each slap - his palm was hard and came down with
such force!  Her yells became ragged shrieks of pain.  Her tears streamed down
and splashed on the stair.  Why was he being so cruel?  She had just obeyed the
Mistress and she had been pleased!  Why had she lied to Tarik?  It was so
unfair!

There was someone in the cell!  Helen woke with a start to see a young woman
standing astride her naked body!  "Daddy's new toy!"  The dark-skinned girl
sneered and gave Helen a look of venomous hatred.  "Another dirty white bitch -
fit for nothing but the brand."

"Oh please miss, please let me go!"

"Shut up, white bitch!  Better still, I'll silence you!"

She knelt down and forced a rubber bit between Helen's teeth, ignoring her
protests as she drew the straps tightly at each side buckle.  Helen tried to beg
past the bit.  "Plsss, nnnn!  Plssss!!!!  Nnnnn!!!!"

The girl ignored her useless cries and turned with a malevolent smile towards
Helen's writhing body.  She caught hold of the struggling girl's left foot and
unlocked her cuffed ankles from the chain that kept her stretched out.  Helen
flailed her right leg but the girl knelt on her shin while she attached the end
of a pole to the inside of Helen's left ankle.  The girl pushed the pole away,
forcing Helen's legs wide apart.  She pushed further.  Helen squealed as her
ankles were spread so far that her hips ached!  Her right ankle was secured to
the other end and the girl was attaching a chain from the ceiling to the center! 
"We'll see how good you are - white bitch!"  The girl snarled and started to
wind a handle on the wall.  Helen gasped as her ankles were lifted off the floor
- she was being hoisted up by the chain!

Her frantic cries for mercy went ignored.  The dark-skinned girl was smiling as
she turned the handle.  Helen's legs were lifting higher - her backside was
rising off the floor.  She cried in terror as her body was slowly pulled up
until only her shoulders were resting on the hard ground.  She twisted her head
to one side and tried to get any relief from her humiliating and distressing
posture.  The girl advanced - carrying a whip made from leather strands!  "So,
white cunt!  You think my father bought you for himself?  Well, daddy lets me
play with his toys too!  Let's find out how you scream!"  Helen shook her head
urgently, trying to beg the girl to stop, to let her down now!

The sound of the whip broke her mewing abruptly.  Helen shrieked and twisted in
shock as the strands found their marks right across her backside.  Again and
again, the girl drew back the flogger and thrashed the screaming white slave. 
It was fun to watch her hands stretching out in the cuffs under her body.  This
slave was noisy!  Helen arched her back in pain with every blow.  The torment
was so dreadful - she couldn't stop herself and lost control!  Her pee trickled
down her front and ran between her breasts, soaking her hair!  The girl stopped
flogging her and scowled.  "Dirty white bitch!  Pissing yourself won't help!" 
She picked up a thin riding crop and rested the tip along the cleft of Helen's
pussy.  "This will teach you not to be dirty!"  She raised the crop high between
Helen's thighs.  "You think this is bad?  Wait till you meet my step-mother!" 

Helen tensed herself for the first crack of the cruelly thin crop.  A
black-gloved hand reached out to grasp the dark girl's wrist, preventing the
blow from falling.  "Just like your dear father - so impetuous!"  Another woman
was speaking!  Helen tried to see who was standing behind the girl.  The woman
moved round.  She was tall, beautiful and dressed from head to toe in black
leather!  She smiled down at Helen and cooed softly.  "Oh you poor thing! 
Fatima has quite a temper, doesn't she?  Never mind, I'm sure we can help you
forget this unpleasantness...later!"  There was something alarming about this
woman - her voice was soothing but Helen felt a shiver running down her body. 
The girl was subdued, almost scared. 

The leather-clad woman wrinkled her nose.  "We must get you cleaned up, my dear. 
I shall ask Tarik to have his No-name attend to you!"  She swirled and strode
out the room.  "Come, Fatima!  You and I shall discuss this temper of yours!" 
The girl glowered at Helen, threw down the crop, and stormed out behind her
stepmother. 

Helen whimpered.  Her arms ached so much.  She stank of her own piss!  Her poor
body was laced with reddening weals where the lashes had stung her skin.  It was
too much!  She wailed in the empty cell, turning her head to one side, her tears
running down to mingle with the urine in her hair.  There was a sob - Helen
opened her eyes and saw Nikki!  She was cowed and red-faced.  Her trembling
hands were covering her mouth.  She ran forward and tried to lower the winch but
it was too stiff!  She ran to get Tarik...           

The evening air was comfortably cool.  Andrea leaned over the balcony and
watched the splashing fountain in the courtyard below.  She let out a long sigh,
then slowly poured the contents of her glass onto the patio below.  The fluted
crystal was next - smashed into a thousand pieces on the marble tiles.

"Something troubling you, Andrea - my sweet?"  He stubbed out the cigar and
waited, admiring her sleek form encased in the leather catsuit.

"Fatima!"

"Ahhh...  Has she been troubling you again?  You know she can't forgive me for
re-marrying after her mother's death - I think she's jealous of you!"

"It's not that, Ali.  No, I think she presents a risk - too rebellious, too
impetuous.  Too unstable!"

It was his turn to sigh.  Had things come to this?  She was his only daughter
and yet there was too much of her mother in her blood.  Things could not
continue as they were.  "And your little gift from England - you approve?"  He
inquired, hoping to change the subject.

Another sigh.  "She IS very pretty, a perfect size and so like the last one..."

"But?"

"Tarik has a lovely animal, don't you think?"

He frowned, unsure where this was leading.  "No-name is his to keep, my dear."

"Pity..."

"Hmmm, she IS rather charming...perhaps an exchange?  Helen for No-name?"

"Oh, no!"  She smiled fondly at her generous husband.  "I had something else in
mind!"

Nikki had been as gentle with Helen as she could.  It was awful having to push
the hose into Helen's pussy then her backside.  But she was clean now and looked
very pretty.  Her oiled skin glistened in the harsh light.  It was nearly back
to normal since the angry red tracks of the flogger were fading fast.  She
brushed Helen's hair and felt guilty for admiring her body - her encounter with
Madame Andrea had disturbed her.  She tried to suppress her feelings and stop
herself from staring at the rings through Helen's nipples and clit.

"Oh Nikki!  What's happening to us?"  Helen stifled a sob and whispered to her
fellow captive.  "Do you know who these people are?"

"Not sure," Nikki hissed back, fearful they would be overheard.  "He's called
Ali, the girl's called Fatima, and the step-mother..." she shuddered.  "She's
c-called Andrea!"

"Have they hurt you too?  That man - Tarik!  Did he make you...do things?"

Nikki reddened.  "H-he raped me!  He uses me, but he's kinder than HER!"

"You mean Fatima?"

"No!  Andrea - she's cruel!"  Nikki didn't want to talk about it.  It was too
awful!

Tarik returned to the holding cell and swiftly fettered Helen with collar,
cuffs, and a ball gag.  She looked at him with pleading eyes.  He frowned -
almost with pity at this naked, vulnerable girl.  If she could even guess what
would happen next!  Without looking, he snapped his fingers at Nikki.  She
followed dutifully behind and knelt obediently in the corridor outside his room
while he chained her collar to a ring on the wall.  Nikki whispered goodbye to
her only friend, fearing she might never return.  Tarik turned back, placed his
finger over his lips, and then pulled Helen along by her leash to meet her fate.

Andrea was waiting at the foot of the stairs.  She had changed into a pair of
black PVC hotpants, halter, thigh boots and long gloves.  Her eyes were masked
and she was holding a short rod.  Helen recognized it immediately - it was the
same device that had shocked her body!  "Thank you Tarik!  I see our young catch
is well-prepared - my compliments to your little slave!"  She sauntered over and
took the leash from his hand, tugging the terrified Helen closer to her.  "We'll
have lots of fun!  Just wait and see!"

Tarik turned to leave.  His master's wife was skilful but these girls were
finished off so quickly - such a costly waste!  Yet, his master was quite happy
to indulge Madame Andrea, at any price!

"Oh!  Tarik?"  Andrea pouted, speaking in a casual voice.  "Would you be a dear
and fetch a parcel from the airport?  I know it's late but I ordered a present
for your master - be a darling and fetch it?  For me?"  She purred and stroked
his cheek with her gloved hand.

Nodding, he turned and left.  A round trip of three hours!  No-name would just
have to wait...

Nikki shifted her weight from one thigh to the other.  Where was Tarik?  What
was happening to Helen?  She tried to blot out the image of her being abused -
or worse!  The door at the end of the corridor opened.  One of the guards was
coming.  He stopped next to her and unlocked her leash chain from the ring! 
"Please - where's Tarik?  Please!"  Nikki felt the panic rising in her throat. 
He was taking her back into the main part of the house!  Had Tarik sent him to
fetch her?  Something was wrong!  The guard dragged her along by the side of the
staircase to a small door.  Opening it, he thrust her inside then slammed the
door.  As Nikki turned round, her eyes widened in horror!

"Welcome, my dear No-name!"  Madame Andrea smiled and swiftly caught the end of
Nikki's leash, dragging her forward into the room.  With practiced ease, she
caught the shocked girl's wrists and swiftly padlocked her cuffs together behind
her back.  Andrea locked the door and slipped the key into the back pocket of
her hotpants.  Nikki squealed as a red ball gag was jammed into her mouth and
strapped tightly behind her head!  "So good of you to join us - we have reserved
a place for you!"

Nikki wailed in terror.  The Master, Ali, was waiting next to a dreadful-looking
device.  He was naked, except for a pair of black leather jeans.  The instrument
was like a large metal stand, with opened steel bands that would secure her by
her neck, waist, and thighs.  There were curved metal clamps for her forearms
and calves.  Once restrained in its severe grasp, she knew there would be no
relief, no escape, and no mercy...




CHAPTER 4

Stars.  Such beautiful stars...

Something scurried over her left leg.  Nikki didn't mind, not now.  Funny how
the pain had mostly gone away.  Only she felt so cold and alone.  She wished
Tarik were here.  If she could just tell him, she forgave him, that it was all
right, that she loved him!  But even if he had been there, they had taken her
words away.  She knew that blood was still seeping from the sides of her mouth
but she couldn't taste it - not anymore.  They had left her in the courtyard
with the rest of the garbage.  She wasn't even chained.  There was no need - her
ruined hands and feet meant she wasn't going anywhere.  At least they had given
her the stars...

Tarik stormed into the house in a foul mood.  A wasted journey - there had been
no parcel!  He stormed down the corridor and stopped.  His little No-name had
been taken from her ring!  Something had happened - something was wrong!  Tarik
burst open the door of his room.  A naked girl was lying on his bed.  She had
been cuffed and gagged.  But it wasn't No-name - it was Fatima, his master's
daughter!  She was crying and shaking with fear.  There was a label attached to
the collar around her neck.  It read "Do not be gentle"!  He rushed out of the
room and began to search for his slave.  There were whimpering noises coming
from one of the cells.  Unlocking the door, he found Helen - shaking but
unharmed.  She was kneeling, rocking backwards and forwards.  Her hands were
pressed over her mouth and she was crying bitterly.  She didn't even bother to
look up when he entered.  Confused and very worried now, Tarik checked the Play
room.  It stank of blood and charred meat!  Someone had been tortured here...

Tarik frantically searched the downstairs - nothing!  No-name had simply
vanished.  He decided to look outside, faintly hoping she had somehow freed
herself and escaped into the grounds.  As he opened the back door, he heard a
pitiful low moan.  In dread, he turned on the outside lights.  She was lying in
a corner of the yard, sprawled on the ground amid the rubbish, barely moving. 
Tarik rushed over and stopped.  She had been hurt!  Her mouth and chin were
stained red.  Nothing was left of her nipples, only blackened wounds.  Her hands
were torn and what was left of her palms was a mass of blisters.  Her feet were
just the same.  Tarik's gaze moved down No-name's poor body.  There were angry
red cuts where she had been whipped until her skin was broken.  Her brand had
been obliterated by fresh burns.  Nothing remained of her cunt except for a deep
bloodied gash.  Then he noticed the pool of dark blood on the ground between her
legs - and the ends of the two thick iron rods still protruding from her
backside and crotch...

Nikki looked up at Tarik's shocked face and tried to smile for him.  He knew
there was nothing that could be done to save her now.  But he could still do ONE
thing for her!  He rushed into the storeroom and returned with bolt cutters. 
She could feel him at her legs.  With frenzied speed, he snapped the hinges of
her ankle cuffs and gently pulled them off her feet.  Nikki felt such tenderness
for him, for this weeping Master-servant who had brutally raped and abused her,
but who had shown such incredible tenderness too.  Both her wrists were released
now, and he was turning her collar around to reach the last hinge.  With one
final click, she was freed.  Throwing down the cutters, Tarik gently lifted her
head up and reached for the ring through her ear. 

No!  Nikki moved her arm up and painfully pushed his hands away.  The ring was
her only possession - a gift from him, and it was so precious.  Oh, if only she
could speak!  She would ask him to save Helen and take her back to England, to
tell her mum...but no, her mum shouldn't know.  Not about this.  No, never to
know...

Tarik cradled his beloved No-name and remembered her free name was Nicola -
Nikki!  She was breathing so poorly now, so limp in his arms.  She was looking
up at him.  She was crying!  His tears fell on her face and mingled with hers.

She felt so distant, so very cold.  Tarik, her love, was stroking her hair.  He
had been so cruel, yet so kind.  She knew she was dying - it wasn't fair!  She
no longer felt alone, not in his arms...but someone else was here too! 
Who...g-gran?  N-nana?  H-how?..... .... ... .. .

As she slipped away, Tarik laid her down on the bare ground.  He stared at her
shattered body then up at the night.  For the first time in many years, he
uttered a sound - a low keening that grew into a hoarse anguished growl. 
Blinded by grief and fury, he staggered back into the house and along to his
room.  He threw open the door and picked up a whip... 

She was barely moving.  Her frantic shrieks of extreme distress had been reduced
to whimpering.  Twice she had passed out - twice Tarik had revived her to
experience more of the savage flogging that had turned her skin into a lattice
of red weals.  Fatima no longer felt each lash of the cat - they had blurred
into a sea of fiery pain.  Her body ached from Tarik's systematic whipping and
from her desperate struggles.  She had been beaten to the point of utter
despair.  He was killing her and she begged to die!  Through a fog of incredible
pain, Fatima became aware that Tarik had stopped.  He was releasing her wrists
and ankles from the ends of the bed but they were still cuffed together.  Tarik
locked a long chain from his former mistress's collar down to her hobble chain
and locked her wrist cuffs halfway down its length.  Once the leash chain had
been snapped on her collar, he pulled her up and made her stand.  Fatima
immediately sank to her knees - her shaking legs were so weak!  Tarik was in no
mood to show this bitch any mercy.  Although she was not responsible for what
had happened to No-name, she was his to do as he pleased.  Her stepmother would
be dealt with in full later.  For now, this one had to bear the brunt of his
rage.  Fatima reeled from the slap across her face.  He jerked on her collar
chain and held his hand ready for another slap.  She shook her head desperately
and struggled up.  She could barely keep up as she was hauled down the corridor
and into the cell. 

Helen looked up in terror as Tarik burst into the cell, his face dark with anger
and despair.  He must have discovered poor Nikki!  There was no way her fellow
captive could have survived the dreadful torture, mutilation, and impalement. 
Helen could not escape the terrible sights they had made her witness in that
room.  Nikki had been destroyed only a few feet in front of her.  She was so
frightened that she would be next!  Tarik yanked on the leash chain so hard that
Fatima stumbled and fell into the cell.  He dragged her across the bare floor by
the chain, nearly choking her on the way.  Once he had locked her to the wall
ring, he turned and glowered at Helen.  She shrank back but he tossed a riding
crop at her and pointed to the moaning Fatima.  He wanted her to beat the girl! 
As the cell door slammed shut, Helen gingerly picked up the thin whip.  She
turned towards Fatima.

Helen stared at the once-proud daughter of her Master and she was torn inside. 
This girl had whipped her so cruelly and she was part of this monstrous family! 
Yet, she had not been involved in Nikki's torture and was now a captive victim
like herself.  Fatima was shaking and staring wildly at her.  Helen reached
forward and touched the girl's long black hair.  Fatima shivered and blinked in
confusion.  How could this be?  She had been left to be finished off by the
white slave!  But instead of being beaten to death, the girl was touching her
gently.  And she was crying!  Fatima didn't know what to do.  Helen was freeing
her ball gag!  "Why?"  Fatima whispered as the rubber slid out from her lips. 
"Why don't you whip me?"  She looked so puzzled, so child-like. 

Helen realized this girl had known nothing but sadistic cruelty and power for
years, perhaps all her life.  "F-for Nikki - I'm doing this for her."

"Nikki?  Who is Nikki?"

"She's...she was No-name!"

"Was?"  Fatima frowned.  Tarik's slave was a joke!  But something had happened -
what?

"D-dead!  They killed her - your stepmother did it while your f-father watched!"

Fatima gaped at the weeping white girl.  Andrea had stolen No-name from Tarik? 
He must have found out!  She gasped as it dawned that Tarik could have killed
her with his bare hands!  But he had stopped and spared her.

"My stepmother!  She is an evil bitch - she has turned my father against me! 
Tarik - what will he do?"

Helen shook her head in misery.  "I don't know - I just d-don't know!"

He stopped and listened.  There were faint sounds coming from the bedroom.  He
knew his master was sleeping in another room.  Andrea was alone!  Tarik gently
turned the handle and slipped inside.  The heartless bitch was lying still
partly dressed on her bed.  She was sound asleep!  He stood and looked down at
the creature that had taken away his slave - his beloved No-name.  Her long hair
was loose and she sprawled face down on the satin sheets.  She was naked except
for black PVC hotpants.  Her arms and legs were smeared with blood - No-name's! 
He removed the wire garrote from his pocket and paused.  This was too quick -
too merciful.  Instead, he took the syringe filled with tranquilizer from his
other pocket and swiftly jabbed it right through the taut plastic into her left
buttock. 

As she awoke with shock, Tarik held her down.  She struggled wildly but he
pushed her face into the covers to stifle her screams.  She knew it was him and
that he had come for revenge!  Her desperate flailing became weaker.  Andrea was
going under and she would soon be out cold.  Tarik pressed her firmly until she
went completely limp.  Now she would discover what suffering meant...

Andrea was breathing heavily.  As he rolled her limp body over, Tarik noticed
she was lying on top of a slim notebook.  He slowly turned the pages then, with
a look of grim satisfaction, slipped the item into his pocket.  She did not feel
the cuffs being squeezed shut around her wrists and ankles but when he slung her
over his broad shoulder, she moaned...

Tarik tapped lightly on his master's bedroom door then entered.  He set down the
usual tray of strong coffee, fresh figs, and black grapes.  His master, Ali, sat
up slowly and stared at Tarik, setting out his clothes as if nothing had
happened.  "Ah, er, thank you Tarik..." his voice trailed off when he looked
down at the tray.  A thin, burgundy notebook was lying next to the coffee cup. 
He picked it up and began to read.  It was Andrea's writing!  With a start, he
jerked bolt upright, tipping the tray onto the floor.  It was full of names,
dates, shipments, and prices - a catalogue of all his arms dealings since her
arrival!  "Tarik!  This book - you have read it?  Where...her room?"  His
servant calmly nodded and carried on laying out the clothes.  "The scheming
bitch!  Have you killed her yet?" 

Tarik stood up; his smile a menacing grimace, and shook his head.  Then he
pointed to his mouth, his de-ringed ear, then raised his palms up, a look of
great pain on his face.  "Ahh...No-name.  Y-yes.  Hmmm..." Ali shifted
uncomfortably and tried to find any words of explanation for his actions.  "So
you found her then?"  Tarik bowed his head then raised it to reveal his cold
rage and despair.  "Ahh...hmmm.  You know... Andrea asked me for her in exchange
for Helen.  I thought you had the better bargain!"  It was Tarik's turn to look
startled.  He shook his head again urgently and motioned his master to follow
him.  Ali was unnerved by his servant's response.  What had that she-witch done?

The cell door burst open.  Tarik stormed over to Fatima but Helen came between
them.  "No Tarik!  Please - she wasn't there!  She wasn't involved - it was
Andrea and your ma..." Her voice trailed off as the man who had helped to
torture Nikki entered the cell!

"Father!"  Fatima shrank back in shame and fear!  She was naked, restrained and
terrified.  "Please...don't let him hurt me!"  She reddened and tried to hide
her private parts.

"Ah, yes...Helen, you are correct.  Fatima was not involved in any way, Tarik. 
It was just Andrea...and me."  He paused, thoughtful of the offence he had
committed against his loyal servant.  "Regrettable, but perhaps for the best in
many ways.  And she WILL pay.  Andrea will suffer for this...and other matters!"

"Father - release me!"  Fatima begged in tears.

"Hmmm - I see that you have been flogged.  Tarik, you have shown years of
patience with my daughter, ignoring her taunts, her tantrums, her insults - now
you have repaid her.  Please release Fatima - she and I will talk later."

Fatima sobbed in relief and ran out of the cell as soon as she was freed.  Her
father watched her depart then turned to look at Helen.  "Tarik, take this one
as yours if you wish - I have no use for her and she will serve only you".  He
strolled out of the cell leaving the servant and the slave.  Tarik came across
and lifted her chin.  He pointed at her mouth. In despair, Helen opened her
mouth before he forced the ball between her lips.  There was no point in
fighting - he was too strong!  He gently led her along the corridor to his room,
pointed to the floor at the end of his bed then waited until she lay down,
curled up.  As she watched the door close, Helen understood she was to stay
until he returned.  She thought of poor Nikki and wept.

Tarik joined his master at the door of the playroom.  When they went in, Andrea
ran forward as far as the hobble chain round her ankle would allow.  "Ali!  At
last!  You must free me - there has been a terrible mistake!  Tarik has gone
mad..." Her voice trailed off as Tarik followed his master and entered the room.

"Hmmm...Yes, my dearest Andrea - there has been a mistake indeed.  But it is
mine, not Tarik's!"  He threw the notebook to the floor at her feet.

She froze in panic then began to talk in a rush.  "Oh that!  Its nothing...just,
er, protection in case anything happened to you!  You see I can explain..."

"Yes, you will explain everything in good time, my dear.  I have no doubt of
that!  But we can leave your explanations until later - Tarik, would you
please?"

Andrea shrieked and tried to escape Tarik's strong grip on her neck and wrist. 
He twisted her arm painfully up her back and forced her step by step to the
large wooden stocks in one corner of the room.  She struggled frantically but
her head was forced down and secured by the metal clamp.  Tarik took his time,
capturing her left arm and pinning it to the end of the bar.  Her right arm was
next.  Andrea begged and pleaded for mercy but her anguished cries were stifled
by a ball gag.  He drew her right leg out to one side and fettered her ankle to
the base of the stocks.  Pausing to remove her cuff, her remaining leg was
secured to the other side of the base, forcing her to stand bent forward with
her feet wide apart.  Andrea mewed in terror, caught in one of the devices she
employed for torturing slaves!

"Ahh...thank you, Tarik!  Now, please pass me that scalpel!"

How fascinating - the way the fabric peeled apart as the threads were cut!  With
great care and a steady hand, Ali gently stroked the scalpel down the center
seam of his treacherous wife's PVC hotpants.  She was struggling, screaming past
her gag but he ignored her pleas for mercy.  Mercy?  She had shown none to that
little slave as the heated rods tore into her body.  True, he had been a party
to that act but Andrea had betrayed his trust.  The thought of her little
notebook nearly made him lose concentration, making him want to thrust with the
blade.  No, he reminded himself, this should be savored - not rushed.  Plenty of
time for the instruments later!

Andrea shook with fear.  There was no way of escaping the stocks - her legs were
wide apart and she was bent forward.  Knowing what would happen to her - that
was the worst thing of all.  Her husband had been a willing, eager helper while
she systematically reduced No-name to a bleeding, burnt and mutilated wreck. 
Now he was behaving as if she had been entirely to blame!  And that damned
notebook - may Tarik rot in hell!  She couldn't even talk her way out it - the
gag put paid to that.

As soon as the hotpants were slit open from the base of her spine to the front
of her crotch, Ali set down the scalpel.  The black shiny plastic had pulled
open to reveal her crotch and light blonde pubic hair.  What a sight - such a
damned waste!  He slowly inserted one finger between her labia and scraped the
nail down until it pushed against her clit.  She jumped and moaned so
beautifully.  Why hadn't he just collared her?  Perhaps if she had been nothing
more than a slave, none of this would have to happen.  No, no point in
considering this - she was too dangerous.  She knew too much about him and his
business dealings.  He smiled and thought it would be fitting for her to be
broken and enslaved before the end.  Yes!  But first, a little fun!  He took his
time, slowly entering her and watching her reactions.  She was so responsive, so
affected!  Quickening a little, he ran his hands over her bare back.  The beam
under her hips kept her at just the right angle.  As he emptied himself inside
her, he felt a pang of regret.  Such a pity!  "Thank you my dear - that was
delightful!"  She stared wildly at him as he crouched by her head.  "But I
regret your days as my wife are over.  Tarik, you may have her now - break her
severely and brand her.  I will consider the means of her final punishment after
she is reduced to a common slave and I have discovered the extent of her
treachery!"  As he strolled out of the room, he heard her first scream of
anguish and knew that Tarik would soon start the flogging...  

Tarik watched his master depart and stared down at the struggling Andrea.  He
picked up a large serrated knife and slid the blade under the side of her
hotpants.  When he finished cutting through both sides, the shredded plastic
material hung limply under her waist.  Tarik swiftly yanked it away and threw
the ruined garment to the floor.  It would be burned later, along with the rest
of her clothes and possessions.  He walked slowly around the frame, considering
how to proceed.  She was a stunning beauty.  He was going to penetrate her but
not just yet.  She had to be broken first and harshly!  Tarik grew angrier as he
thought about this vile creature's deceit and cruelty towards his slave - his
slave!  He snarled in renewed rage.  This bitch had been responsible!  She had
caused all this.  This creature had betrayed his master's trust, manipulated
everyone, and she had ruined Tarik's own beloved possession!  His poor little
No-name - left to die in agony outside among the rubbish! 

The Bitch!  He drew the whip fully back and lashed it savagely several times
across her backside.  She shrieked in pain and shock.  He paused, waited until
her struggles subsided, then swung the whip hard against the back of her thighs. 
Again, a pause until her sobbing grew quieter - then he suddenly lashed her
back.  This time, he continued the strokes - alternating between her buttocks,
legs and back.  The tip curled under his expert handling to savagely kiss
between her thighs and inside her cunt.  She had lost all control and was
yelling hoarsely under the sustained beating.  He wanted to thrash her until she
was dead but a cold fury stopped him from losing control.  No!  His master had
asked him to break her hard, to brand her, to make a slave of her before her
death.  Well, he would do all of these things and she would submit like a
cowering animal!  Tarik hung the whip back on the hook and knelt down behind her
body.   He peeled open her labia and examined her inner folds. 

What he planned next would require skill and she had to be completely
immobilized first.  He took a leather strap and threaded it through the
triangular ring on the beam just next to her waist.  Drawing it under her tummy,
Tarik slipped the end through the ring on her other side and then through the
top buckle at the small of her back.  There was a second buckle at right angles
to the first that would be needed later.  The muscles in his wrist stood out
when he pulled the end tight - so tight that Andrea was gasping as her waist was
severely constricted.  The next strap was looped around the ring on the beam
just outside her left hip.  He drew it round the top of her thigh and yanked it
tight; pulling her thighs apart and making her buttock rise up.  Another strap
went round her right thigh at the top, pinning her down to the beam so she
couldn't move her hips.  Andrea's cunt was spread wide before him, her outer
lips pulled slightly open to expose her inner folds.  She was still struggling
too much so he tightened the winches at her ankles and wrists to keep her taut
against the frame.  Andrea was moaning and sobbing - her limbs ached, she
couldn't move and couldn't see what he was doing behind her!

Tarik picked up the last strap.  It had an open section in the center, made of
strong wire in the shape of a long, curved rectangle. The rectangle would expose
her crotch from her cleft to her anus, allowing full access to her body.  He
secured the front part to the beam under her abdomen and drew the other end up
between her legs.  He threaded the tongue of the strap through the lower buckle
on her waist strap and pulled as hard as he could.   The wire sides of the strap
began to dig into her flesh, pressing deeply in where her legs joined her body. 
She squealed in terror.  Andrea's cunt was puckered up through the open section
in an obscene pout!   Tarik switched on the soldering iron then selected two
labial clamps on chains and unscrewed each one.  She mewed piteously while he
firmly tightened the serrated jaws of the first clamp on her left inner lip.  He
pulled the chain out to the end of the beam and secured it so her cunt was
peeled open on one side.   She was beginning to scream louder now.  The second
clamp bit down on her right inner lip.  As he tugged the chain out to the ring
on the far end of the beam, Andrea's cunt was opened widely to expose the
entrance to her vagina, urethra and the protective hood of her clit.  He picked
up the scalpel that had split her hotpants and carefully sliced away the outer
cover of her tiny member.  She was shrieking and pulling desperately while he
worked.  Blood was seeping from the incision, mingling with the juices that
leaked from her vagina.  He touched the glowing tip of the soldering iron
against her raw wound, making her flesh smoke and sizzle as it was cauterized. 
Taking great care not to injure her clit, Tarik finished burning the weeping
tissue to seal her innermost folds with a curved scar.

He set down the soldering iron and selected the correct sized gold ring, then
placed it in the crimping pliers with the open tips pointing inwards.  He knelt
down behind her again, and blew gently on her clit, making it stiffen and push
out from her vulva.  Andrea yelled and wailed in agony when the ends bit
vertically through her clitoris.  He squeezed the handles together until there
was a satisfying click.  Using his finger and thumb, Tarik rotated the closed
ring through her member to examine the joint - perfect!  Now for the rest of the
rings...

Picking up the crimping tool, he slid another opened ring in the end and knelt
on her left side.  Her breast hung down beautifully.  The pink tip was slightly
engorged already.  He moved closer and stroked Andrea's nipple then set the jaws
of the tool on each side.  Again, she shrieked as the ends of the ring - one
hollow, one solid, but both sharp - drove through her soft flesh.  A click, then
they were sealed together!  When he reached her other side, she was bleeding
from the punctures through her breast.  The same treatment was given to her
right nipple.  He crouched down at her front, took a handful of her hair and
forced her head back.  She was terribly distressed and trembled as he slid the
ends of the tool into her nostrils.  Strangely, Andrea barely made a noise when
the ring pierced right through her septum.  But when he removed the ball gag,
she desperately tried to keep her mouth shut to stop him from probing inside
with the crimping device.  There was a simple answer - minutes later she was
dribbling through an open ring gag with her eyes tightly screwed shut.  Her
tongue was caught in a clamp and stretched out.  She wailed in abject despair as
he squeezed the jaws of the tool against the top and bottom of her tongue!  Once
the ring was properly inserted, he removed the clamp, shoved a penis plug in
through the ring gag, and secured it to the side straps to stifle her cries.

Andrea hung miserably on the frame, waiting for the branding iron heated up. 
Tarik had deliberately moved the brazier in front of her face to let her see
what was going to be used on her body.  Although she kept her pubic area
trimmed, a slave had to be kept smooth. He removed the curved strap across her
crotch. Tearing off a strip of duct tape, he pressed the adhesive side firmly on
to her hair.  She shrieked when it was swiftly yanked away, tearing the
offending fur out by the roots.  It took several pieces before every follicle
was gone.  He rotated the brand in the glowing coals, lifted it out and spat on
it to check the temperature.  She knew it was time when he drew the brand out of
the fire and bent down between her legs.  This was the end of her life as a free
woman - the brand meant she had lost everything!  There was no warning, no
cooling ointment - she screamed in agony and shock when the red-hot design
blistered the soft skin above her cleft.  Noooo!!!!  Nooooo!!!!! Andrea wailed
as the indelible mark of Ali, once her husband but now her Master, was etched
into her groin! 

Now she was a slave, she could be penetrated at will.  It would not be rape
because she was just an animal without the right to consent or resist.  Tarik
pressed the broad tip of his penis in between her stretched labia and rammed the
full length of his shaft into her body.  She screamed and screamed as he pumped
in and out, ignoring her muffled pleas for him to stop.  When he withdrew, it
was not because he was finished.  He picked up the whip and twisted it around
her neck, drawing the handle and lash back to form reins.  Holding them in one
hand, he guided his still-engorged penis against her anus and began to push. 
Andrea was screaming again.  As his glans forced her muscles open, he pulled
back on the whip.  She gasped and choked in terror, unable to cry out while her
ass was used for his pleasure!  When he came, it was deep inside her backside. 
He pulled out and wiped himself clean on the inner lining of her ruined
hotpants.  Her face had turned red while she half-choked in the coils of the
whip.  But it was not her time to die and garroting was too easy a death!

Tarik wasn't finished yet.  She had to be fettered and readied for interrogation
- his master wanted answers, and by the time they were finished, she would have
confessed everything!  He brushed Andrea's long fair hair forward and twisted it
into a single ponytail high on her head.  She cried out when the hair clamp was
screwed tight, catching her ponytail in a vice-like grip.  She looked down
through tear-filled eyes as a heavy steel collar was lifted up around her neck. 
She felt him clamp the ends together behind her head, fastening the nut and bolt
with a ratchet.  He loosened her left arm and bolted a steel cuff on her wrist. 
Her right arm was next - released but swiftly re-cuffed in heavy steel.  He
twisted her arms up behind her back and locked her wrist cuffs together.  To
finish, Tarik placed extra cuffs around Andrea's elbows and forced them as far
apart as they would go with an adjustable spreader bar.  Her ankles were next,
secured in heavy cuffs and locked closely together.  Then Andrea's thighs were
fettered, just above her knees and forced apart by a spreader bar.  Tarik
removed the straps from the beam and pulled her upright by the metal pole
between her elbows.  He dragged her across the room to a winch and clipped the
end of the chain to her hair clamp.  Andrea squealed as she was pulled upwards
until she was standing on tiptoe to ease the pain in her scalp! 

Tarik came back with another device - she mewed and cried in desperation when
she recognized it - a torture belt!  He separated the bands and drew the first
one around her waist.   It was cruelly tight, squeezing her tummy above her hips
so much she moaned in discomfort.  He was fitting the metal cuffs round the tops
of her thighs now, clamping her hips to pronounce her buttocks.  Very short
lengths of chain from the sides to her waist made the belt into a steel harness. 
She knew what was coming next - chains that joined her collar to her waist down
her front and back.  Once that was complete, Tarik held her up by the chain
between her breasts.  He unclipped the hoist chain from her hair clamp and
clipped the end to the rear of her collar instead.  He took a short chain and
fitted one end to her hair clamp, then stretched it up to join the hoist chain
so her head was forced painfully upwards.  Andrea whimpered as the hoist was
pulled until her toes were nearly a foot off the ground.  Using another chain,
he secured her ankle cuffs tightly down to a ring on the floor beneath her.  
Pausing to clip a slim chain to her clit ring, he left her stretched, suspended,
and picked up the final band of the torture belt...

Andrea made desperate gurgling noises when he came towards her with the last
part of the steel harness.  She knew too well what it would do and how it was
used - she had employed it on little No-name just hours before!  Tarik hadn't
even bothered to wipe his beloved slave's blood off the device.  No, let this
bitch wear it soiled - she did not even deserve clean equipment!  He held up the
band so she could take a good look at what was coming.  There were two large
dildoes pointing up from the curve of the strap.  Each dildo was covered in
sharp points and was hollow to allow insertion of the pokers at a later stage. 
The inside of the curve was also covered with needle-sharp studs.  He moved it
down closer to her groin and slid the band between her trembling thighs.  He
pushed the band higher until the ends of both dildoes nuzzled against her soft
entrances.  Tarik reached behind the band and threaded the clit chain through
the slot on the front.  He moved his hands to the ends of the cruel band and
started to lift.  As the studded probes scraped into her vagina and rectum,
Andrea wailed in dreadful agony!  He ignored her anguished shrieks and forced
the band up until it was jammed against her crotch.  He had to tug the rear end
up until it could be locked to her waist, then jerked the front end hard several
times before securing it in position.  Andrea's body was taut in response to the
savage violation and her fresh brand rubbed against the studded metal band,
making the burn bleed! 

Tarik came back with four teethed clamps and twisted the first two on each of
her swollen nipples.  He removed the penis plug from her gag and caught the tip
of her tongue by its ring.  She howled when the next clamp chewed down, forcing
her tongue out of her mouth.  He tugged the small chain dangling through the
front of the metal crotch band, forcing her ringed clit to stick out.  When the
fourth clamp bit into her tiny member, Andrea nearly fainted but Tarik knew how
to keep a girl at the absolute limit of her endurance so she was denied even
that comfort.  She lost control of her bladder and peed out of the slot and
sides of the crotch band.  The hot urine stung her wounded flesh and trickled in
red-stained rivulets down her legs.  It dripped off her feet on to the floor,
only to run into a small grating, which was directly under her suspended body. 
Tarik walked around the racked girl, watching her twist and groan in
excruciating pain.  He tightened the hoist a few more inches to keep her legs
taut then went to thoroughly search and clear her room.  He looked at the clock
- it was nearly 3 am.  The bitch could wait a few hours until the dawn.  After
all, she wouldn't be going anywhere...

It was a fitting place for the grave - the scent of almond blossom was almost
overpowering and the trickle from the fountain played quietly several feet away. 
Tarik gently lay the broken form of his beloved slave, wrapped in a silk sheet,
into the ground and covered it with sandy earth.  He placed a single orchid on
the mound and walked through the garden towards the house. As Tarik entered the
house, he met his master who was already dressed in a pair of black leather
shorts and had a mask over his eyes.  "Ahh Tarik, you have dealt with the body?" 
Tarik sighed and nodded.  "Look," Ali went on, "I didn't realize you had become
so attached to her.  You have my Helen for now and I promise you can have your
pick of the London sale in a few week's time.  Some of the new girls are
displayed on the Internet already!  Use my PC any time to register an interest -
the price is immaterial.  It is the least I can do to make amends."

Tarik nodded glumly and went to change in his room.  Helen lay quietly curled up
on the floor.  She had not moved or taken the gag out of her mouth.  This one is
very docile, he thought, too docile for me - I want a fiery little one just like
my dear own No-name!  It would have shocked Ali to see the tears in his
servant's eyes at that moment.  Tarik stripped and drew on a black leather thong
pouch.  He dispensed with the mask - let the bitch see the hatred in his face as
she slowly died!  He stepped over the naked slave next to his bed and went to
join his master in the playroom.

If she twisted her head enough, Andrea could see the growing light through the
high window.  She ached everywhere and knew her time was short.  If she had a
god, she would have prayed for a mercifully swift death.  But she had seen too
many of her play-things whimpering uselessly to their deities.  No, if there was
a god it was at best indifferent to and at worst antagonistic towards Life.  She
derived no comfort from the thought.  Andrea's life had been a roller-coaster -
from her lowly beginnings in Murmansk, she rose swiftly through the ranks of the
Secret Police, refining her skills in the women's cells under Kabul's notorious
Security Headquarters before those fools in Moscow lost both their nerve and
their grip on the world's heroin market.  She let out a ragged sigh.  And that
exciting time in Bosnia!  The Serbs had been such generous employers until, with
the NATO net closing in, she had snuffed out the life of that UNHCR girl - and
changed from 'Svetlana' to 'Andrea'.  Damn that Tarik!  Damn her own stupidity! 
It was too late now, too late...

"Good morning my dear - I trust you are ready for us?  A bit too early for
breakfast but I like to work up an appetite, don't you agree?"  Ali lit the
brazier and toyed with the pokers that were already beginning to turn a dull red
in the gas jets.  Tarik, would you please release my former wife from her
clamps?  They have served their purpose and will only get in the way!"

Andrea struggled feebly as Tarik's hands touched her breasts.  She knew very
well what would happen!  Blood raced into her crushed nipples, making her scream
in agony.  It was the first of many such screams.  Worst of all was the clamp
coming off her poor, ringed clit.  She jerked and writhed in the cuffs and
chains, yelling with the severe pain and wetting herself in shock.

"Tut, tut!  That was nothing, my dear Andrea - or should I call you 'Svetlana'?" 
He knew!  But how did he find out?  If he knew that, he knew everything!  She
had nothing left to bargain with for her life - she was doomed!  "I must say you
were terribly naive, believing my dear cousin would betray ties of blood.  You
see I telephoned him last night and we had a little chat about you.  Farouk and
I were at Eton together - this business rivalry between us is just a little
game.  And you were merely a pawn, my dear - he would have discarded you when
you delivered this notebook!"  He dropped the book into the brazier, watching it
immediately burst into flames.

"Just about ready, I see.  I invited Farouk over for your send-off but he
declined.  My cousin has a delicate nose and dislikes the smell of roasting
meat!"  Andrea/Svetlana could only stare while he lifted out a poker, examined
the glowing tip, and then returned it to the brazier.  "And our very good
friends in NATO - they would dearly love to have a piece of you."  He nodded to
Tarik who came to join him by the brazier.  "Did you know your Russian comrades
still have a price on your head after that little trick you pulled in Chechnya? 
They dislike traitors as much as I do.  They shall have your head - delivered to
their embassy!  Tarik, you may take the rear dildo.  I shall start with the
front one."  They slowly walked towards the shrieking girl, holding up the
white-hot pokers for her to see. 

The Russian Consular Assistant had the mysterious parcel scanned but was still
suspicious.  The box was brightly decorated with ribbons and bows but there was
no label - it must be a trap!  He watched from a safe distance while the Arab
servant carefully cut open the ribbons.  Without warning, the servant bent
double and threw up violently, dropping the box.  As he did so a round object
rolled onto the ground.  It was a woman's head!  There was something sticking
out of the mouth - a piece of paper.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave ruthie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





