BDSM Library - Female POW 2, Nightmare in Bosnia




Female POW 2, Nightmare in Bosnia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two Female Naval flyers are shot down in Bosnia and captured by the Serbian war criminal Arkan (historical character).
DISCLAIMERS: This story includes descriptions of rape, bondage, and torture. If 
descriptions of such activities offend you, DO NOT READ THIS STORY! If you are 
under twenty-one years of age, DO NOT READ THIS STORY! This is a work of 
fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely 
coincidental. This story may be reproduced and distributed electronically where 
the laws allow so long as it is not changed in any way and authorship is 
acknowledged. I would like to thank those friends whose advice have helped me in 
writing - and rewriting- this story. I welcome comments and suggestions from 
readers. All flames will be ignored. 
PROLOGUE: This story takes place in the Balkans in early 1998, as the peace 
process continues to unravel, and the American forces prepare to withdraw. The 
result is the embolden of the Serbian factions seeking a renewal of the war. 
This story examines what happens when two of the American women now serving as 
combatants in those forces are caught in the middle of the developing conflict. 




************************************************************************ 
FEMALE POW 2 NIGHTMARE IN BOSNIA part 1(REVISED) 
by: conwic@AOL.com 

"That one looks like she will show some sport, eh Alexander. Let's see how far 
she gets." 

As the two men watched from the sheltering smoke enveloping the looted shell of 
what had been the town's largest house, a young woman, clad in fashionably tight 
jeans and an expensive- and torn- T-shirt, bolted from the front door of the 
adjoining house into the street like the hunted animal she was. Her lithe, leggy 
figure seemed to fly deerlike across the cobblestones on her Nike running shoes 
She crossed the cobblestone street and had almost reached the beckoning alley 
when she made the mistake of breaking stride to look back. That was when the 
swiftest of her pursuers caught her, throwing away his automatic rifle to make a 
diving tackle. In seconds, three other uniformed men had reached the struggling 
pair. One of these grabbed her arms, holding them above her head, as the oldest 
man, their Sergeant, used his large knife to cut away the already torn T-shirt, 
slicing through the now soiled white of the shirt to expose her white lace bra. 
The bra disappeared next with a flick of his knife. Her Levi's required a longer 
struggle before the knife had them in shreds. The young woman, a pretty, short 
haired brunette of perhaps twenty, was left naked, brutally stripped of her 
clothing except for her Nikes. Nude, she displayed a slim, well formed body just 
reaching womanhood, her skin pale and translucent like the finest porcelain. The 
terrified girl was roughly forced onto her back as the men prepared to rape her 
under the terse directions of their Sergeant. One man stood by her head, his 
booted feet pinning her slender arms to the cold cobblestones as two of his 
companions grabbed her feet and forced open her long, shapely legs to display 
her shaven vagina. The trapped girl screamed frantically, her small breasts 
shaking enticingly as she struggled madly to free an arm or a leg. A constant 
"NO!" streamed out of her mouth as if she thought that words would protect her 
any more than the possession of the right clothes had protected her. Few words 
were exchanged between the men as they pinned the girl for the coming rape; they 
worked with an economy of words and motion born of frequent practice. There in 
the street, held spread eagle on the cold, muddy cobblestones, the trembling 
girl- silent now- waited to be raped. Above her the bearded, grinning Sergeant 
took his time shedding his weapon and web gear; he enjoyed the sight of the 
woman's fear and meant to prolong this moment. Despite the muttered urgings of 
his men to get on with it so they could have their turn, he lingered to play 
with the terrified girl. Opening his fly, he exposed his erect cock to the 
shaking, crying girl, telling her that soon she would find out what it felt like 
to be fucked by a real man...by a Serb. 

"GOD DAMN IT ZLATKO, YOU'RE SO SLOW IT WOULD SHAME THE DEVIL! FUCK THE BITCH! 
BUT KEEP HER TO TAKE BACK TO THE HOTEL. 

The Sergeant looked up in surprise at the words. It took his eyes a second to 
find the source of the voice in the smoke coming from the burning houses. Then 
he saw the tall, bearded figure clad in a pressed camouflage uniform standing 
with his smaller bodyguard by the corner of the burning building. As always, the 
sight of the man's cruel smile sent a jolt of fear through the Sergeant's 
usually dead emotions. 

"ARKAN!" 

"Fuck her, Zlatko! Do the little Moslem piglet. NOW!" 

The Sergeant obeyed. He ordered his men to spread her legs more, painfully 
stretching them until her long, slim legs were almost parallel with her hips. 
Then, turning his fear of Arkan into a rage directed at the helpless girl, he 
fell upon her, forcing his way into her, impaling her on his erect cock. Once he 
had penetrated inside her warm form, he supported himself upon his arms and 
concentrated all his weight behind his cock's thrusts, pounding into the captive 
girl as she screamed and cried beneath him. In a moment he could feel her open 
up, surrendering to his intimate invasion. He sank deeper into her, forgetting 
Arkan, forgetting even his cheering men, as he savored the tight warmth of her 
vagina, slick with her warm blood. The bearded Sergeant locked eyes with the 
girl- stared down into her wide open, pain ridden eyes- as he rode her. He 
wanted to see her face as he emptied himself into her, planted a Serb's seed in 
her belly. It took only seconds for him to reach that point; as he shot into her 
womb, the Sergeant stared into her open anguished eyes and laughed into her 
horrified face. Then he mockingly kissed her tear streaked cheek and rolled off 
her trembling nude body. 

The man the Sergeant had called Arkan watched the rape with obvious pleasure. He 
was the leader of this uniformed gang of which the four rapists were a small 
part. His name was Zelijko Aleksico, though he was better known by his nom de 
guerre, Arkan. Tall, heavy set, and with a full, black beard, he was the perfect 
image of the mountain hajduk, the traditional folk hero bandit from the 
centuries long wars with the hated Turkish occupier. But he was no simple 
mountain man Born a scion of the old Communist elite of Yugoslav, he had been 
what was then called an "economic criminal", a business suited blackmarketer, 
successful enough to be able to buy tolerance under the old Communist regime 
until he had killed a policeman in a fit of anger. Then, calling himself a 
political refugee, Arkan had spent the next 3 years in the Serb emigrant 
communities of western Europe and the United States where he was still wanted 
for questioning about a rape-murder. Now, calling himself a Defender of Serbia, 
Arkan was the terror of northern Bosnia. With the break-up of Yugoslavia, he had 
returned home to find his special talents in demand. Under the patronage of the 
secret police chief in Belgrade, he had been encouraged to form a private army. 
Using his criminal connections, Arkan had recruited members of the Serbian 
underworld to play an important role in Belgrade's war plan. In the ethnic war 
against the Croats and the Moslem Bosnians, these men were the cutting edge of 
the effort to terrorize the non-Serbian populations into abandoning their homes. 
In return for carrying out Belgrade's policy of ethnic cleansing, Arkan was 
allowed to take whatever he wished from the refugees. Cars, money, TV's, VCR's, 
jewelry, household appliances, kitchen sinks, even copper wiring were all carted 
away by his men to be sold in Belgrade or smuggled out of the country. Arkan's 
share of the loot had already made him one of the richest men in Serbia. He and 
his men also took women, both for their own pleasure and as a calculated method 
of terrorizing their traditional Moslem and Croat enemies. In the Balkans, rape 
was a weapon of war; it was a weapon for which Arkan had a particular passion. 
It was a passion which Arkan enjoyed indulging both personally and vicariously. 
At the moment he was content to vicariously enjoy the young Moslem girl's rape. 
As the now sated Sergeant withdrew, one of the men holding the girl's legs took 
his place. Arkan watched as this man rutted atop the young short haired girl, 
covering her slender body with his own bulk as he ground himself against her so 
that only the girl's fine featured, boyish face was still visible. For now Arkan 
was content to savor the pain and humiliation on that face from a distance. He 
would, Arkan knew, have ample opportunity to inflict his own tortures upon the 
young girl. For Arkan operated one of the most notorious of the Serbian rape 
camps in a hotel he had commandeered from its Croatian owner, a rape camp which 
he kept full of captured Croat and Moslem women even now despite the so called 
peace accord. The camp and its women were in Arkan's mind the most satisfying of 
the rewards the war had brought, better by far than the wealth the war had 
brought him. For Arkan the war had brought liberation from the shackles of 
conventional society. He no longer had to hide his passion for rape and mayhem; 
now he could be proud of it. For like today's rape of this filthy Turski 
neprijatelj, everything he did, he did for Serbia, as a Serb patriot fulfilling 
a centuries old mission of vengeance. 

Arkan was so proud of his deeds that he recorded his trail of blood and tears 
for posterity. He had as one of his hangers-on a young man who before the war 
had been studying the cinema. Equipped with a video camera that had once 
belonged to an overly curious BBC stringer, it was Demrtri's job to record the 
great things Arkan was doing for his country. It would, Demrtri repeatedly told 
his leader, make a great movie. At the moment, he was busy filming the girl's 
rape, moving toward the girl for a close up of her terror filled face. The 
cameraman saw in her rape great art; in his mind it was the perfect metaphor for 
Arkan's assault upon this nameless little village. It will be great cinema, he 
thought as he filmed the rape; it will be a visual assault on the senses worthy 
of a scene from his favorite movie, Sergio Garone's masterpiece " Camp 5: a Hell 
for Women". 

As the second man rolled off the naked girl, the cameraman panned down her body. 
Starting at her tear streaked face, he moved the camera down her bruised torso- 
the delicate skin of her breasts disfigured by red bruises from the rough hands 
of her attackers- to her bare sex. He focused the camera on the girl's red, 
exposed slit, the now gapping cunt lips covered with the cum of her attackers. 
The shot ended prematurely as the third man took her, throwing the legs of the 
now unresisting young woman over his shoulders and lifting her ass off the 
ground. Positioning her with only her shoulders resting on the cold stones, he 
proceeded to pound his cock into her, hammering his way into her womb. The 
camera lovingly captured the feral expression on the man's face as he raped the 
Moslem girl, an expression which was an equal mixture of anger and happiness in 
another's suffering. Demrtri panned alternatively from the man's face to the 
girl's, juxtaposing their emotions. Her pain vied with his pleasure; her 
humiliation vied with his shameful joy in her suffering. This was, for the 
cameraman, true cinema; no actors could duplicate this. It was real. Stepping 
back, he opened the shot to include the stern figure of Arkan set against the 
smoke and flames pouring from the looted house behind him, showing him watching 
over the Moslem girl's rape like some ancient Serbian god of vengeance! 
He returned to the girl as the fourth and final man mounted her, rode her 
brutally, and then spent himself inside her, faithfully recording every move as 
he had so often done in the past. These men were his usual subjects, members of 
Arkan's private militia, the men Arkan called his Tigers. Officially they were 
the 11th Special Forces Brigade of the rump army of the Krajina Serb Republic. 
But the ":Special" in their title had nothing to do with any military skills. 
They were ethnic cleansers rather than combat soldiers. They "fought" the 
unarmed , the civilians, the helpless in Belgrade's ethnic war. They did the 
jobs too dehumanizing for the soldiers of the makeshift Bosnian Serb Army. Jobs 
like this one. And he was their chronicler, their Homer. 

******************************************************************* 

For the one hundredth time, Navy Lieutenant (j.g.) Bobbie Malone looked at her 
pilot calmly reading a magazine and wondered, "How does she do it?". This was a 
common enough thought for Bobbie to entertain about her pilot and mentor, 
Lieutenant Diedra Volksrye, A.K.A. "the Valkyrie" to everyone in their F-14 
squadron. The older woman was everything Bobbie wished that she was- big, 
confident, and one of the boys. But right now, what Bobbie was wondering was how 
she stood the smell. She knew that the U.S. Navy had been feeding its sailors 
boiled eggs and baked beans for Sunday breakfast since John Paul Jones. It was a 
tradition. She just didn't understand why. She thought that they would have 
figured out by now that such a combination produces enough flatulence, what her 
male squadron mates so quaintly called Sunday farts, to make this carrier, the 
U.S.S Eisenhower, uninhabitable for normal people. Spending her Sundays cooped 
up in a ready room ripe with the smell of breakfast and half washed male bodies 
was not what she had in mind when she signed up for Naval ROTC 5 long years ago. 
Exactly what, she wondered, had been my reason for signing up- the white 
uniforms maybe? 

Her digression into ancient history ended as the squadron operations officer for 
VF-142 entered the ready room and called for their attention. 

"Good news Gentlemen...and ladies. We have a Mission! " 

Even Bobbie was happy to hear that they finally had something to break the 
monotony of cruising up and down off the Bosnian coast and waiting. For once, 
the room's aroma was forgotten. 

" We know that Serbian forces of the so-called Republic of Serb Krajina are 
preparing to attack a small Bosnian village near the key town of Brcko, located 
here on the Sava River. These people are pretty much the loose cannon these 
days. With the withdrawal of U.S. troops back into their camps, the Krajina 
Serbs have been attempting to expand their area of influence to the south by 
taking on Croat and now Bosnian Moslem forces. The good news is that they are 
not thought- I stress the word thought- to have any antiaircraft weapons beyond 
the SA-7 shoulder fired missile and some 20mm guns. You should be safe as long 
as you maintain at least 15,000 feet altitude above ground level. We have been 
given the mission of "deterring" the Serb attack. We are to do this by flying a 
photo recon mission over the fighting. No bombs; just pictures. Washington wants 
us to remind the Serbs that we are watching, but they don't want to hurt 
anybody! It is possible that the photos will be used to plan a later strike , 
though just between us I won't count on it. Valkyrie, since you're TARPS 
qualified, you'll fly the recon pod; Gumby and Goose will fly escort. You are to 
let them get a good look at you as you do the flyover; remind them that we are 
still here. Just don't go below 15,000 feet and use lots of flare 
countermeasures; those shoulder launched SAMS can spoil your whole day! The 
takeoff time is 1440 local. Brief-back is at 1340 so you'll have two hours to 
plan. Here is the target folder. Bad news folks. No air-to -ground munitions 
will be carried on this mission. Air-to -ground now requires the CINC's approval 
to even load. You get shot at; just grin and bear it. You will have ARM and 
air-to -air. You still have the ability to use either at first warning of 
hostile intent by a radar or - we should be so lucky- an aerial target. Any 
questions... OK, see you in two hours." 

As the three named pilots crowded around the table, Bobbie stood back. Her job 
was radar-intercept officer, operating the F-14's powerful radar which was used 
to track other aircraft. But since the various sides in this nasty war lacked 
the aircraft necessary to challenge the NATO air patrols, she really had nothing 
to do except tag along in the backseat and watch. Valkyrie would plan the 
flight, Bobbie decided; she didn't need the help of a "nugget", a rookie on her 
first cruise. 

" Fuck !", Valkyrie exclaimed as she studied the map, " What fuckin staff wennie 
wrote this? We gotta fly down a valley- under the cloud cover- so we'll be right 
at or below 15,000....and us with nothing to shoot back with! To take a bunch of 
pictures nobody will ever look at. This is ridiculous! Look at the approach 
here. It looks like we have to come in from the west in order to overfly the 
village." 

********************************************************************* 

The village in question had drawn Arkan's attention simply by being located at 
the foot of a hill which overlooked the town of Brcko, the real prize. Brcko 
itself was large for this area of Bosnia, approximately 100 mostly stone 
buildings set along the road and the river which traversed the valley together, 
as well as strategically located. It had changed hands several times during the 
war, most recently when it was given back to the Bosnian Moslem side at the 
American sponsored Dayton "Peace" Accord. With possession of the village and its 
heights, Arkan's Serbs would be in a position to retake Brcko whenever they 
wished by merely positioning their rudimentary artillery on the heights. This 
was the pattern of warfare in the Balkans- hold the high ground, and you hold 
the town. The populated areas were always in the fertile valleys, and there were 
always too many hills overlooking the towns to be adequately defended with the 
scant resources available. The attacking side had only to occupy one of the 
heights from which they could bring the town under fire from heavy weapons 
firing over open sights into the dwellings, leaving the defenders the choice of 
surrender or facing a slow house by house destruction. It was a war fought using 
the tactics of the 18th century with the cast off weapons of the 20th century. 
On the heights above Brcko, Arkan was already moving to place his "artillery", a 
single 85mm antitank gun. That one gun was quite capable of destroying the 
entire town house by house from its hilltop perch safely out of range of the 
defenders' small arms. Only a similar gun, which the defenders did not possess, 
or the intervention of American airpower could save the town once Arkan began 
the bombardment. 

Arkan had chosen this set of heights for his gun because of the weakness of the 
village which controlled access to it. The 50 or 60 residents of the village had 
trusted to the peace accords and the now departed American garrison at nearby 
Brcko for their security. They numbered only a few armed men among the mostly 
related families living there, ex-soldiers of the Moslem militia who had kept 
their guns when they returned home. These men had been able to do nothing 
against the sudden attack of the camouflage uniformed Serbs. Appearing at dawn 
to surround the village, the Serbs had called for the village's men to 
surrender, threatening that they would throw grenades into the houses if the men 
did not comply. Hopelessly outnumbered and frantic to save their families, the 
men had complied, only to be herded away for eventual execution. Once all 
possibility of resistance had disappeared, Arkan's Tigers poured into the houses 
to loot as well as rape whoever was unlucky enough to catch their fancy among 
the frightened women and children. When they finished, the village would be put 
to the torch to ensure that no one- however foolhardy- could come back, leaving 
an empty, burned out shell where a village had stood for hundreds of years. It 
was not easy work. The Serbian irregulars had prepared themselves for their task 
in the usual manner-by drinking great quantities of slivovitz, the local plum 
brandy. Even men such as these- men who were experienced in the savagery of 
Balkan's warfare - needed to numb the mind and soul before they did their 
patriotic duty. 

*********************************************************************** 

A little over two hours later, Bobbie was strapped into the rear seat of 
Valkyrie's F-14A+ as it moved toward Bosnia at a leisurely 425 knots. Bobbie was 
always amazed at the age of the Navy's fleet of F-14's; this one had been built 
the same year she was born, making it 23 years old. With only fuel, a pair of 
sidewinder air-to -air missiles under its wings, and the bulky TARPS pod with 
its three cameras under its belly between the twin engines, the plane felt 
unusually quick and maneuverable under Valkyrie's sensitive touch. Bobbie could 
tell that Valkyrie was nervous about this flight since she had brought along her 
Walkman and her lucky Wagner tape and was playing it - thankfully at a low 
volume- over the intercom. The sound of the tape made Bobbie think of the 
stories that she had heard of Valkyrie's first month in the squadron. Valkyrie 
had been the first , and only, woman assigned to the squadron when she arrived a 
year ago. To say she was unwelcome would be an understatement. The squadron wit 
took one look at her Germanic name, her blonde hair, and her 6' muscular build 
and dubbed her " theValkyrie". The name stuck since it fitted her " don't fuck 
with me, I'm bulletproof" attitude. For a joke, one male flyer got a tape of 
Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" and played it one day when she entered the 
ready room. She loved it; 

Valkyrie bought a recording of Wagner's entire 4 hour opera and began playing it 
constantly, much to the annoyance of her squadron mates. Compared to Bobbie's 
inability to gain acceptance in the squadron even after two months, it had taken 
Valkyrie less than a week to make her mark in the unit. One night she appeared 
in the officers' club to meet her date, a F-14 driver from another squadron. 
Valkyrie had been wearing her party clothes: a black leather miniskirt, black 
high heels, black fishnet stockings, and a black blazer with nothing apparently 
underneath the blazer but her. One of the men from her squadron, who had a 
little too much to drink, tried to hit on her. When she ignored him, he put his 
hand on her ass to get her attention. What he got was a hard blow to the chest 
with her elbow, followed by Valkyrie grabbing him by his gonads. Then she lifted 
him up on his tiptoes as she said, " You didn't say, may I?" Bobbie knew that 
Valkyrie lifted weights and could easily believe she could have picked the man 
up by his privates if she had wanted to. As she held him on his tip toes, she 
smiled and said, "Ask nice and maybe I'll grant you a wish. What do you wish 
for, numbnuts?" Bobbie had heard that the male pilot didn't hesitate. " Ughh, 
I'de like my balls back, please ma'am... Lieutenant....Valkyrie?, ", he croaked. 
After that, she had been one of the boys; proof that her philosophy of " Grab em 
by the balls and their hearts and minds will follow" did indeed work, at least 
on aviators. Bobbie figured that all Valkyrie's macho stuff was part of the 
image which she had chosen for herself; that Valkyrie really bought into the 
whole female Tom Cruise- Top Gun idea. Bobbie also figured that Valkyrie told 
her that story because Bobbie had been having trouble being taken seriously by 
the male pilots. She wished she could be more like Valkyrie. Still, Bobbie 
simply could not imagine herself doing anything physical like that. She didn't 
think of herself as a whimp- after all she stood 5' 6" with an athletic body 
from four years of college sports. She had always been proud of her body. That 
is, until she joined the Navy and found herself surrounded by 6 foot plus 
flyers. Now she felt like a Lilliputian, and it was beginning to depress her. 
Bobbie was not even sure any more that she had what it took to be a Navy flyer. 
She was cute, not macho. That is not, she knew, a good thing to be in a Navy 
fighter squadron. When she had reported in two months ago as the second woman in 
the squadron, the squadron leader had taken one look at her and told Valkyrie to 
take her under her wing. She had heard him say to Valkyrie that Bobbie reminded 
him of a deer caught in the headlights of a Mack truck. That was, Bobbie knew, 
depressingly accurate. Valkyrie had done just as he ask, becoming a mentor, 
taskmaster, and big sister to Bobbie. She had even managed to stop the other 
pilots when they tried to hang the callsign "Bambi" on Bobbie. Bobbie found that 
life under Valkyrie's wing was at least tolerable. A month later to Bobbie's 
intense discomfort, her life became even more complex. She and Valkyrie became 
famous to the intense and unconcealed envy of the male flyers. A Newsweek 
reporter visiting the carrier had written them up as the "beautiful, but deadly 
duo" in a feature article. Now they were one of the must see features of the 
ship, trotted out for every visiting media hound and VIP tour that came to the 
Eisenhower, leaving the male pilots seething. Bobbie hated the whole thing. 
Valkyrie on the other hand loved the attention. She had a true fighter pilot's 
ego. Valkyrie even had her set speech which she used on each gap jawed 
interviewer when they ask the inevitable question about how she felt about 
combat. Valkyrie would smile and start about how her fangs were just as long as 
a man's and how she was just as tough. She was the one who did the talking while 
Bobbie kept quiet, content to bask in the older woman's reflected confidence. 
Bobbie found that she liked being the sidekick; she liked having someone else 
take charge of things. 

There was just one thing wrong with their relationship. Bobbie was beginning to 
fall in love with Valkyrie. Bobbie was uncomfortable with this growing 
attraction; she had never had or wished to have a sexual relationship with a 
woman. But she could no longer deny her desire for Valkyrie. Being bunked 
together did not help. Bobbie was constantly and uncomfortably aware of 
Valkyrie's muscular but feminine body , so close yet impossible to touch. For, 
as she knew, Valkyrie was aggressively heterosexual. Anything male that was 
tall, reasonably good-looking, and not assigned to VF-142 was fair game for her 
trophy collection. One night Bobbie had returned unexpectedly to the quarters 
they had shared ashore to find Valkyrie having sex with a man. She had been 
embarrassed but could not look away. From the half open door Bobbie watched 
Valkyrie's sweaty, muscular, heavy breasted body in action as she sat astride 
the reclining man. She watched as Valkyrie rode him, her hair flying, grunting 
and moaning as the man roughly milked her breasts while she fucked him. Valkyrie 
made love with the same intensity that she threw into her flying. She watched 
the two fuck , oblivious to their surroundings, until the man appeared to come. 
Although Bobbie knew that Valkyrie must have had at least one orgasm as she 
watched, she saw that her pilot was still unsatisfied. As she watched in 
amazement, Valkyrie moved forward to mount the man's face with her cum dripping 
pussy. Despite the man's muffled protests, Valkyrie covered his face with her 
dripping pussy and begun riding it as she yelled at him to "finish it". At that 
point, Bobbie closed the door and withdrew, her knees weak with desire. Since 
then, the image of Valkyrie's sweaty body had haunted her awake and asleep, 
though in her mind's eye it was her face that Bobbie saw buried in Valkyrie's 
pussy, not the man's. That image always made her pussy dripping wet, just as it 
was doing now.
 
" Bobbie? can you hear me?" 

The intercom brought Bobbie back from her thoughts abruptly, " Roger, sorry, 
Val. What is it?" 

"We're approaching the target. Beginning descent. Get ready to start flare 
countermeasures; lets give em a real show." 

************************************************************************ 

In the valley below, Arkan was growing nervous. He did not fear American or NATO 
retaliation for his attack on the tiny village. Rather, he was afraid that the 
American airplanes would not come. The purpose of this attack was not just to 
lay the groundwork for an offensive to capture Brcko and the surrounding land 
but to burn the Americans' meddling fingers. The attack was the lure to attract 
their planes. By destroying one or more planes, the Serb leadership hoped to 
make the Americans and thus all of NATO reluctant to act later in the summer 
when the Serbs began a major offensive aimed at retaking the land they lost in 
1995. To that end, Arkan's patron in Belgrade had arranged a surprise for the 
American flyers. He had purchased a battery of four SA-8B, Gecko surface to air 
missile launchers and the mercenaries to operate them from a corrupt general of 
the imploding Russian military. Unlike the older, larger SA-6 missiles which the 
Serbs had used to shot down an American F-16 in June of 1995, these launchers 
had the capability to track their targets optically, thus eliminating the 
tell-tale radar transmissions which had identified the firing location, and thus 
which the side did the firing. Since the SA-6 had never been fielded by the Army 
of Yugoslavia, its use would be a complete surprise; with no radar transmissions 
to detect, the Americans would be hard put to identify what had happened to 
their plane and , more importantly, who was to blame. Having the ability to 
reach up to 18,000 feet and a speed of mach 2, these missiles would be able to 
reach the hither-to-for invulnerable American planes. With two of the boat 
shaped launcher vehicles at each end of the valley, Arkan had been assured by 
the Russian operators that they would be able to hit any plane which came below 
the winter cloud cover. 

As Arkan tilted back his head to take a drink of slivovitz, a series of lights 
in the sky caught his eye. Flares, he thought; the Americans are finally here. 
He watched as the tiny plane, black against the gray of the clouds, moved down 
the valley towards him, dropping flares every few seconds to decoy heat seeking 
missiles. He cursed, thinking that if the missiles were not fired soon, the 
Americans would escape. To his relief, he saw two streaks of flame appear behind 
and below the plane; the missiles were on their way. By the time the plane was 
overhead, the missiles had closed the gap. One veered to the right, decoyed by 
the flares at the last minute; the other flew straight into the plane, 
detonating as it seemed to touch the tail. A bright ball of red, and then Arkan 
could see pieces flying off the stricken plane. As the nose wavered, he could 
see another, dimmer flash as two tiny forms rocketed out of the plane before it 
began it final short journey down. 

"Alert the hunting teams" He ordered the man next to him, " I want those 
pilots." 

*********************************************************************** 

The missile's explosion came as a complete surprise to Valkyrie. She had no 
warning alarm from her radar warning receiver nor had she seen the missiles' 
smoke since they approached her plane from below and behind. It took only a 
micro-second for her to realize that the F-14 was doomed and that she and Bobbie 
would share its fate unless they ejected immediately. Without hesitation, she 
jerked the yellow, shovel handle shaped ejection handle, sending both of them 
into the empty sky above. As the explosive device jolted her upward, she prayed, 
"Oh God...Oh God...OHHHH SHITTT!!! ". 

Due to her low altitude, the separation of the ejection seat and the opening of 
her parachute occurred almost as soon as she had cleared the aircraft. Things 
were happening so fast that she had no time to think. She lost sight of Bobbie 
as she concentrated on the side of the hill which was fast approaching. As she 
prepared herself for the shock of landing, she saw an unwelcome sight. A small 
truck was approaching the edge of the field she was headed for. Valkyrie could 
see the soldiers leaning out of the back pointing at her. Stories of what had 
happened to that female Air Force pilot who had been captured by the Iraqis 
during the Gulf War came unbidden to her mind. Valkyrie swore that was not going 
to happen to her. She would not be captured and raped. 

Valkyrie hit hard but immediately gained her feet and began shucking her 
parachute harness. She saw that the truck had been stopped by the stone wall at 
the edge of the field, but that the men inside, ten at least, had dismounted and 
were running across the field toward her. The nearest was only about fifty feet 
away with the others spreading out in a line behind him. Valkyrie knelt and 
brought her 9mm Beretta pistol up from its holster. Holding it in both hands, 
she fired eight rapid shots into the approaching men. Without waiting to see the 
results, she turned and ran toward the tree line a dozen feet away, abandoning 
the chute and, more importantly, its attached survival rucksack with twenty odd 
pounds of food, water, and survival equipment.
 
Valkyrie crashed through the first few feet of the tree line, then found a tiny 
game path running at an angle. She took it, running as hard as she could to put 
some distance between her and her pursuers. There was still a light coat of snow 
on the ground , just enough to leave footprints. Though she saw this, Valkyrie 
had no choice but to ignore the trail she was leaving; there was no time for 
subtlety now. She had to put some distance between her and the Serbs. As she 
ran, Valkyrie counted. When she reached a hundred, she slowed and stepped off 
the trail, burrowing under the thick branches of some sort of evergreen until 
she thought she was hidden from view. As she caught her breath, she checked what 
equipment she had left; she found she had a pistol- half empty- and the contents 
of her survival vest: a short range radio, a hand-held GPS, a med kit, six small 
flares, a tourniquet - she hoped she won't need that!- and her blood chit, a 
piece of cloth carrying a promise in Serbo-Croatian to pay fifteen hundred 
dollars in gold to anyone returning the attached pilot to US control. Briefly, 
Valkyrie tried the radio, broadcasting "Any station, Chevy five-one" repeatedly 
without receiving any response. Though she knew that the radio was line of sight 
and as such vulnerable to disruption by the surrounding hills, the lack of 
response left her with a tremendous sense of being alone. As the first burst of 
adrenaline subsided, Valkyrie felt herself slipping into a feeling of fatigue 
and the desire to rest which she knew was a luxury she could not afford. She 
forced herself up and began moving again, this time avoiding the paths. She 
moved painfully slow, taking care to avoid making any noise by moving one foot 
at a time from bare spot to bare spot as she listened for the sounds of men 
coming after her. She had to get to higher ground where she could make contact 
with her radio. 

*********************************************************************** 

By the time the Sergeant had returned from the tree line, the rest of the squad 
had gathered around the body of the man Valkyrie had killed. The shared 
experiences of the years spent together had effected even these, the least 
sentimental of men. There was a cold anger in their faces as they looked at the 
still body. Their Sergeant, a policeman in better days, welcomed it. Having 
hunted men before, he knew the difficulties which lay ahead; their anger would 
be useful if they were to find this American killer. 

" Get the flashlights from the truck. We've got a long night ahead of us." 

************************************************************************
 
Bobbie had been blown clear of the aircraft along with Valkyrie, but the 
peculiarities of the wind had forced her away from Valkyrie and into the valley. 
As she descended, Bobbie could see men on a knoll about half a mile to her right 
but there was no sign of Valkyrie. Ahead she saw a weed covered field, her 
landing area. The field was , fortunately, empty when she landed, allowing her 
to roll up and hide her chute and then take shelter among the bushes in a small 
stream beside the field. She was very frightened; to her disgust Bobbie realized 
that she had pissed in her pants during the ejection. Now they began to bind 
underneath her flight suit, a constant reminder of her fear. Bobbie felt as 
though she were living a bad dream. She could not believe that this was real. 
Without Valkyrie, she felt lost and hopeless! Suddenly, she heard the sound of 
men approaching from upstream. Briefly, Bobbie considered fighting, but rejected 
the idea almost immediately. What effect, she reasoned, could my pistol have 
against men armed with assault rifles? Resigning herself to surrender, Bobbie 
felt a surge of hope when the men came into sight. They were in civilian 
clothes, and they did not look like any of the pictures of Serbs she had ever 
seen. They were slight, dark skinned and heavily bearded- almost middle eastern 
in appearance. She didn't even care who they were, so long as they weren't 
Serbs. Holding both hands above her head, she stepped up to the field and called 
to them as she waved her blood chit over her head. 

" Help! I'm an American flyer. Can you help me?" 

The first man jumped as she appeared and leveled his weapon at her but did not 
fire. In a moment there were three men clustered around her with others hiding 
in the brush to cover them. Bobbie could not understand either the rapid fire 
sentences they exchanged with each other or the slow, halting words in a 
different language which one of them addressed to her. The men had examined her 
chit but, to Bobbie's confusion, obviously could not read it She took off her 
helmet to reveal her short- but clearly feminine- brunette hair, pointed to 
herself, and repeatedly said with a smile, "American". 

This produced an immediate response, though not the one she had hoped for. The 
man who had been trying to speak to her thrust his weapon into her face as he 
screamed orders to the others. In a moment, she had her pistol taken from its 
holster and her hands were tied behind her back. When that was done, the man who 
had been holding his weapon on her stepped closer and grabbed her by the hair. 
" Great Satan", he spat, as he slapped her across the face with the flat of his 
hand. Then, apparently having exhausted his English, he unloosed a torrent of 
foreign words of which Bobbie understood three, " Allah Ahkbar" the Moslem 
affirmation that God is Great and "Infidel!". 

Oh shit, thought Bobbie, Mujahideen. She knew that there were fundamentalist 
Islamic volunteers from Iran and even Afghanistan fighting with the Bosnian 
side, and that their numbers had grown with the breakdown of the peace accords. 
She also knew that they were rabidly anti-American. But she had never expected 
to meet one! 

"Please, we're on the same side. We're both fighting the Serbs.", Bobbie argued 
weakly, bringing her another powerful slap. She could only watch as three of the 
men argued heatedly, presumably about her. She could see that two of them were 
looking at her hungrily, eyeing her breasts which the rope bindings were forcing 
forward invitingly if involuntarily. She felt very exposed and helpless now; 
fearful that these men were going to rape her. The fear began to grow inside 
her, an icy ball in the pit of her stomach. "Please, please no", she begged as 
one of the men began to stroke her face and hair. As he stroked her, the third 
man spat into the dirt and walked away from the other two. He gathered the bulk 
of the waiting men and rapidly left. She was, Bobbie realized, on her own. 
The two men were joined by three more men who had stayed when the others left. 
The men half carried her to the edge of the field where a single large tree 
stood. As Bobbie cried and begged them not to hurt her, the men laughed among 
themselves. When they reached the tree, the men forced her down onto the ground 
and held her down as they untied her and began stripping her. They stripped her 
of the survival vest without difficulty but found the rubberized G-suit to be a 
problem. Two of them brought out their oddly curved knives and slashed it free 
while two other men held the screaming Bobbie down. Her flight suit was simpler; 
they unzipped it and pulled it off, leaving the struggling young brunette in her 
boots and long underwear.
 
" NO! LEAVE ME ALONE!!!.......ARRHHH....NO!!" 

The knives came back out as a terrorized Bobbie watched, fearful that they were 
going to cut her as well as the underwear. In a moment, she was nude except for 
her combat boots and panties, the bra being cut away with the underwear. The 
cold hit her for the first time, raising goosebumps and causing her nipples to 
be come erect. One of the men began to caress them, pinching and rolling the 
plump red nubs as she lay on the cold ground. 

"HELPPP....NO!....AHHHHH......DON'T!......PLEASEEE" 

Under the leader's direction, one of the men retied her hands behind her back 
while another began cutting lengths of rusty barbed wire from a nearby fence. 
Bobbie froze in fear as that man approached her with the lengths of barbed wire. 
She was afraid they were going to hang her! Instead, two of the men held up her 
feet as the other man wrapped one end of a strand around each boot and tied the 
other ends to the large limb above her. Bobbie was left with her legs spread in 
a wide V, her ass a foot off the ground, and her weight resting on her shoulders 
and bound arms. Suddenly, she understood; they meant to rape her, not hang her! 
While she was not a virgin, Bobbie was inexperienced in sex. She had intercourse 
with only one man in her 23 years; he had been her boyfriend in college, and she 
had really expected to spent the rest of her life with him. The thought of five 
men using her sexually against her will terrified the young Naval officer. In 
all her life, no one had ever hurt her physically; the thought of being raped 
sent shivers through her !
 
" UMMPPPHHHEEEEEEEEE!.........NOOOMPHEEE!" 

*********************************************************************** 

When he saw Bobbie's parachute pass his position on the heights, the half drunk 
Arkan suddenly decided that he would be the one to capture the American airman. 
And he would have his man film it; it would be a great scene for his movie. 
Gathering his cameraman and his ever present bodyguard Alexander, he set off in 
his land rover followed by a dozen of his Tigers in a truck. After some 
confusion, he arrived at the area of the field where Bobbie had landed. 
Dismounting, he heard screams and recognized that they were in English in which 
he had some fluency as a result of his enforced exile. Arkan had by now sobered 
enough to recognize danger. He sent a man ahead to see what was happening. The 
man returned with a confusing tale of five Moslem fighters struggling with a 
boyish brunette haired girl in the next field. Arkan returned with the man to a 
point where he could see the Moslems and their victim. It took him a moment 
before he realized that the girl must be the American flyer he had come to 
capture. Women pilots, he thought, American foolishness! The Moslems, he noted, 
had laid aside their weapons and were too busy with her to watch their rear; it 
would be easy to surprise them. But before he gave the order , a better idea 
came to him. He sent back for his cameraman. 

"Demrtri, can you film that?" he ask, referring to the cluster of men attacking 
Bobbie. "Film it so that you can see the face of the girl and the faces of the 
men raping her?"
 
" Yes, Boss. I can do that" 

************************************************************************ 

Frantically, she struggled, shaking her head and screaming "NO"! The leader of 
the Mujahideen stood between her legs, caressing her. He smiled evilly at her as 
he ripped her panties away and used them to stop her screams, forcing her own 
piss soaked panties into her mouth to gag her. Bobbie had never felt so exposed 
and helpless as at that moment. With surprising gentleness, he traced his finger 
over her sparse cunt hair and to the delicate, pink lips of her cunt. The look 
of fascination on his face would have amused Bobbie if she had not been 
frightened half out of her mind. He began to probe her cunt with increasing 
roughness, pulling painfully on the tender cunt lips and spreading them 
uncomfortably. He said something in a hushed tone and the others all laughed. 
Immediately, he became rougher, forcing two fingers into Bobbie's almost virgin 
cunt. His penetration was a shock to the young woman; it was also very painful. 
Bobbie tried to be brave as he explored her pussy but could not stop a whimper 
as he penetrated her. As he smiled at her whimper, Bobbie realized how much this 
man was enjoying hurting her. Immediately, he pushed another finger into her and 
pressed deeper inside her unlubricated, unprepared cunt. Then with another evil 
smile, he withdrew his fingers, stood up, and began to unfastened his pants. He 
withdrew a large uncircumcised cock which he displayed to her as his companions 
cheered. He knelt between her legs, and without any preparation began to force 
himself into her dry cunt. Bobbie felt as if he were tearing her open as he 
forced himself into her unlubricated cunt. She frantically looked around her for 
someone to help her but could see only the grinning faces of the other four 
Mujahideen. The leader forced himself deeper into her as she struggled futility 
against his cruel cock. The pain burned its way down her body to her brain as 
she hung suspended head down from the tree limb. Bobbie felt as if he were 
ripping her apart, but there was nothing she could do to stop him. She tried to 
scream out her pain at his penetration. Never had she been so stretched. Tears 
rolled out of her open eyes and down her cheeks to the ground as she looked 
pleadingly up into the smiling, bearded face of her rapist. Bobbie choked back 
another whimper; she would not give the man the satisfaction of hearing it. But 
she could not stop the whimpers and moans which escaped her gagged mouth as he 
forced himself deeper inside her, stretching her painfully. Soon, he had 
penetrated as far into her as she thought he could possibly go; his wiry black 
cock hair mixed with her soft brunette vee. Bobbie could hardly breath; it was 
as if his cock was completely filling her and leaving no room for air. Pleading 
with her eyes, Bobbie begged him to stop hurting her; he only stared gloatingly 
back at her. He gripped her legs and began to pump in and out of her cunt. He 
fucked her brutally. Bobbie's body jerked with each of his powerful thrusts, 
pushing her back with the force of his thrusts and then pulling her hips toward 
him again as he withdrew. Then he would slam into her now open cunt again, 
painfully rubbing her shoulders back and forth in the dirt. One of the other 
Mujahideen was running his hands over her bouncing breasts, squeezing the soft 
breast flesh, twisting the sensitive nipples painfully as his leader fucked her. 
Bobbie thought he was trying to lift her up by her nipples as he grasp each one 
in his fingers and pulled. As she was fucked ,Bobbie moaned and whimpered, tears 
streaming from her eyes. Val, she thought, where are you? 

The leader of the Mujahideen continued to fuck her as she hung there helpless, 
suspended by her feet from the tree limb. Her awkward position allowed him easy 
access to her cunt, which he took advantage of to drive his cock into her with 
great force. The head of his cock was soon battering against her cervix as he 
forced himself into her sore, abused cunt. Bobbie had never experienced such a 
deep penetration. She was sure that the man was tearing her apart inside; that 
he would kill her if he continued. But, there was nothing she could do except 
lie there helplessly. She could feel her cervix opening under his brutal 
assaults. It seemed to her as if the man was going to impale her on his cock; 
that it was going to keep penetrating her until the head came out her mouth! 
The bearded man fucking Bobbie could hardly believe the tightness of the woman's 
cunt. It seemed to grip his cock like a fist, massaging it as he thrust in and 
out. He stared at the girl's slender but firm body as it moved sensuously in 
response to his thrusts. He savored the way heCANCELLEDc body fought his 
penetration in a futile attempt to try to deny him his rightful pleasure. To his 
mind the woman was a Western whore, a true descendant of Lilith the tempter of 
Adam, with her shameless display of her face and body. She, like all the other 
women he had seen in this country of Infidels, had no idea of what a woman 
should be. She deserved this, he thought; it was a fitting way to deal with any 
woman who defied God's commandments and fought against men. He would show her; 
he would show all those shameless Western women who had tempted him with their 
filthy lust. Angrily, he pulled the gag from her mouth. He was determined to 
break her, to hear her scream for mercy and then to show her none. He gripped 
her thighs, feeling the muscles under the soft skin, as he pulled her cunt 
towards him to meet his thrust. He fucked her brutally, determined to break her 
will with his cock, to hear her scream. That she would not do so enraged him. 
Her moans were not enough. Repeatedly, he thrust into her with all his might, 
using his rock hard cock like a weapon to subdue the infidel. Around him, the 
other members of his band of man-hunters cheered him on as they stroked their 
cocks at the sight of the young woman being beaten into the ground by their 
leaders cock. Finally, he succeeded in forcing the scream he wanted out of 
Bobbie.
 
"NOOO!.......PLEASEE STOP....YOU'RE HURTING ME!..AAHHHHHH!" 

It was the scream plus the sight of her pleading face and its tears which drove 
him over the edge. He thrust himself into her one more time and then held 
himself inside her as he filled her womb with his hot, white cum. Then he 
withdrew and allowed the next man to enter her. He felt a great sense of 
pleasure at dominating the Western whore. He would take equal pleasure watching 
his men take the infidel woman; he wanted to watch her face as his men raped 
her. 

Bobbie felt the man's cum burning deep inside her; then she felt an emptiness as 
the man withdrew. Immediately, that feeling was replaced by the fullness of 
another hard cock. This time the pain was not as great; the cum from the first 
man was acting as a lubricant. She looked up to see another bearded, grinning 
face looking down at her. Bobbie was beginning to slip into a state of shock 
from the brutal assault. She closed her eyes and tried to close her mind to the 
pounding of his cock against her sore cunt. The second man was fucking Bobbie 
with the same brutal force as the first man. Bobbie felt so degraded, so dirty, 
that she could not stand it. She wanted only to die. She turned her face to the 
mud and screamed in her mind, Val, somebody, where are you? Somebody help me! 

********************************************************************** 

The cameraman was sweating heavily as he followed the rape of the American woman 
through his eyepiece, filming everything. He could see her nude body clearly as 
she struggled against her bonds: her small but perfectly formed breasts moving 
wildly as she fought, her long, smooth legs flexing against the barbed wire 
ties, and her delicious ass hanging a foot off the ground. Her face was 
occasionally visible as it turned first to one side then to the other. He 
thought she was pretty, particularly with that short mop of dark hair. He just 
hoped he would have the chance to fuck her like those filthy ragheads were 
doing. For now, he concentrated on following the action in his viewfinder. 
The second man had entered the helpless woman, kneeling hunched over her 
suspended body with his bare buttocks working to and fro. The young woman's body 
was moving in response, back and forth as if it were on a swing. He shifted his 
camera to her head as the man who had just raped her knelt beside her face and 
whipped his blood and cum covered cock across the crying girl's face. The camera 
caught it perfectly, even recording the smears of cum and blood left on her 
smooth cheeks. 

********************************************************************** 

Bobbie was brought back to reality by a sharp pain as the man fucking her 
changed his angle to hit a different part of her uterus. She opened her eyes to 
see the Mujahideen leader standing over her smiling his evil grin as he watched 
his men using her. The second man used her as brutally as the first one had, 
pounding into her with all his strength as if to stab her to death with his 
cock. When he had spent himself inside her, another took his place. They began 
to run together in her mind. As soon as one would finish , another would take 
his place; all of them fucked her with equal brutality. Man after man used her, 
fucking Bobbie's increasingly cum filled cunt. The soft pink lips of her 
virginal cunt were now red and swollen from the brutal pounding they had 
received. The man cum dripped out of her distended cunt to coat her asscheeks 
and anus with its white scum. Despite the cold, Bobbie's taunt body was shiny 
with her sweat as a result of her constant struggles to escape the cocks 
invading her body. She could hardly breath. The men fucking her were literally 
knocking the breath out of her with their thrusts. 

************************************************************************ 

From approximately fifty meters away, Arkan and his cameraman watched the rape. 
He had sent some of his men around to the Moslem's rear where they awaited his 
signal. Still, Arkan waited as if transfixed as they watched four of the men 
complete their rape of Bobbie. The Cameraman was recording it all: the moaning, 
struggling woman, the laughing men standing over her, and the brutal thrusts of 
the kneeling man.
 
Through his viewfinder, the cameraman could see the cum covering Bobbie's crotch 
area. The whitish film covered her cunt lips and was now dripping down towards 
her asshole. The soft cunt hairs above her crotch were saturated in the same 
stuff, leaving them matted and awash in the men's cum. He shifted back to her 
face to record the agony evident there as she endured the vicious gang rape. 
Bobbie's face was turned toward the camera, allowing it to film the tears 
streaking down her cum stained face and record the silent screams now pouring 
from her mouth.
 
***********************************************************************
 
By now, Bobbie had lost count of the times they had fucked her. Her pussy was 
one solid mass of pain from the pounding she had received. Nor did it recede as 
man after man fucked her. Instead, the pain built with each new attacker. 
Throughout it all, she could do nothing except sob, helplessly shaking her head 
"no" as the men used her brutally. By now, all five of the Mujahideen had used 
her. But the leader was not satisfied. Breaking off a slender, flexible branch 
from the tree, he stood over her swishing it through the air as he ordered two 
of the men to take off their belts and use them on the bound young Naval 
officer. As he concentrated on her breasts, the other two men used their thick, 
leather belts on her cum covered asscheeks. Now Bobbie's screams took on a new, 
full bodied quality as the switch landed across her sensitive nipples. As the 
thin red lines appeared across her untanned breast flesh, the two men with the 
belts were turning her asscheeks a bright red. As they whipped the young woman, 
their cocks began to harden again, stimulated by the cries pouring forth from 
Bobbie. Again and again Bobbie screamed out for them to stop, begging, pleading, 
promising anything if they would just stop. 

" AAHHHHH!... I BEG YOU...I'LL DO WHATEVER YOU WANTEEE..STOP!" 

But her cries were neither understood nor heeded. Instead they were savored by 
the leader of the Mujahideen as he shifted his blows from the young woman's 
breasts to the cum covered area between her legs. With the first blow falling 
across her swollen cunt lips, Bobbie thought that she would go crazy with the 
pain. Her body spasmed as she tried vainly to bring her bound legs together to 
protect her much abused sex. Then after six incredibly painful blows, the switch 
shifted back to her already whipped breasts. Then she felt the belts stop, 
leaving her ass almost numb. Next, she felt a man's fingers probing her whip 
swollen asshole. Slowly, painfully; he inserted the finger into her virgin 
asshole. She raised her head painfully to see the leader of the Mujahideen 
kneeling between her spread legs. Bobbie's moans increased in intensity as he 
penetrated her, mixing with the weak screams when the switch fell across her 
abused breasts. He withdrew his fingers and collected cum from the river flowing 
out of her abused cunt, using it to lubricate his cock. Then he pressed the head 
of his cock into her anal ring, pushing into the puckered, star shaped sphincter 
until it disappeared into a wide, smooth O around his cock. As he forced himself 
into her bruised ass, he watched Bobbie's face, savoring the look of pain in her 
eyes. Her voice failed her, reducing her screams to weak moans. The leader 
forced his cock into her tight asshole as Bobbie fought with the last of her 
waning strength to keep him out. But she could not; his anger and desire were 
too great. Deeper and deeper he sank into her as the others watched, too 
absorbed to do more than occasionally lash her breasts with their switch or 
belts. They watched and stroked themselves as they thought about how they would 
take her in the ass when their turn came. Their leader began to fuck her ass, 
thrusting in brutally to fill Bobbie's asshole totally with his cock. To Bobbie, 
every movement was torture; each time he penetrated deep into her ass, she would 
involuntarily clench her muscles. This spasm sent a new wave of pain through her 
while it pleasurably squeezed the cock of her anal rapist. Deeper and deeper he 
drove into her ass. It felt to Bobbie as if a burning brand was being forced up 
her ass rather than a cock. The pain and the humiliation seemed unbearable to 
the young flyer.
 
Suddenly, the man raping Bobbie's ass collapsed onto her , his head falling 
forward onto her breasts. A millisecond later, Bobbie heard the shot. This shot 
was followed by a dozen others before the sound of the first had died. There was 
silence followed by more shots. Bobbie could see the bodies of three of her 
attackers lying around her but nothing else from her inverted position. Thank 
God, she thought, they've come for me! It seemed an eternity before she heard 
the approach of feet. As she waited fearfully, the weight of the man atop her 
suffocated her as she was forced to endure the sticky, wet warm feeling of the 
man's blood flowing onto her stomach. Then she saw a huge, bearded man standing 
between her legs, smiling down at her. 

"I've come to help you. I am a friend" 

END PART 1 OF 6 




********************************************************************** 
FEMALE POW2: NIGHTMARE IN BOSNIA Part 2(REVISED) 

By conwic@aol.com 

"Please...get him off ME", cried a nearly hysterical Bobbie, referring to the 
dead body of the Muhajideen leader lying over her. 

"Certainly, young lady", replied Arkan smoothly as he bent to grab the man's 
body, " I am so sorry that this happened. We saw the Moslem swine shot your 
plane down and came as quickly as we could to help you. We must work quickly; 
where is your pilot? Is he all right?" 

"Valkyrie?", said the shaken Bobbie, " Oh my God! I don't know what happened to 
her?" 

A thoroughly confused Arkan looked up, still holding the bloody corpse of the 
Moslem leader. " Her?... The American pilot is a HER?", he exclaimed. Despite 
his guise as the noble rescuer, Arkan could not help smiling ferally at the 
thought of two American women literally falling into his hands. Since he 
recovered rapidly, his lapse went unnoticed; Bobbie was too shaken and too happy 
to be rescued from the Muhajideen gang rape to be looking closely at who had 
rescued her or why. 

" We must find her. They will be after her too! You must help us find her before 
something terrible like this happens to her!" 

" The radio!", exclaimed Bobbie through her sobs, " I forgot about the radio. 
Maybe we can reach her on it. Its in my vest somewhere around here. They threw 
it on the ground when they .....attacked me."
 
************************************************************************ 

Valkyrie had by this time reached the top of a small knoll. With an unhindered 
line of sight, her hand held survival radio was able to reach Goose, still 
circling his F-14 overhead. Because of the cloud cover, neither he nor Gumby had 
seen what or who had downed her plane. They had been forced to circle helplessly 
overhead, waiting for some word after they had lost contact with Valkyrie's 
F-14. They had been within five minutes of leaving, their fuel barely enough for 
the trip back to the carrier when they heard Valkyrie's voice.
 
Valkyrie could only tell them that there had been no warning on the radar 
receiver and that she had seen nothing. She also told them about the men who had 
come after her. Her voice choked as she told her squadron mates that she did not 
know what had happened to Bobbie, hoping that they might have heard from her via 
her survival radio. Goose's laconic, " Negative, Chevy one" cut through her like 
a knife. 

She had grown so close to the younger woman. 

***********************************************************************
 
"That's her. That's Valkyrie. She's alive." exclaimed Bobbie happily as she 
heard Goose's reply. Though they could not hear Valkyrie because of the 
intervening terrain, the meaning of the transmission was clear to Arkan; the 
woman pilot was alive and in contact with her comrades. She would, he feared, be 
rescued before he could get to her. The next transmission calmed his fears.
 
"Negative, Chevy one. Mother says that you are to proceed to the preplanned PUP. 
A TARP will extract you there. I say again, since we do not know what got you, 
Mother will not authorize pick up at your current location. There will be a bird 
overhead to monitor this frequency. Do you Roger?" 

There was a brief burst of static, then the voice returned, " Roger, 
Chevy one.....sorry, Valkyrie. You're on your own until then. Good 
luck. Out" 

Bobbie reached for her radio which Arkan was holding. " Please, let me tell them 
I'm OK.", she asked. Bobbie was wearing her flight suit now, the only part of 
her clothing besides her combat boots which had survived the attack upon her. 
Having her clothes back made her feel at lot better, though the sticky feeling 
of the men's cum inside her cunt and slowly dribbling out of her onto her legs 
gave her a feeling of being unclean. Nor did she like the looks of the men 
around her except for their leader; she felt safe around him. 

But Arkan held onto the radio. " Later perhaps. My superiors may want to make 
the announcement. You understand, don't you? First, what did he mean about 
"Mother" telling her to "PUP"? What is a "TARP"? It is important we get to your 
friend quickly. You do not want her to be captured and attacked like you were, 
do you?" 

Still trusting in the man who had saved her, Bobbie answered without thinking,
  
"No, of course not. "Mother" means the higher headquarters, the Carrier we are 
from, the Eisenhower. A "PUP is a pick up point, a place to hide near an open 
area where a helicopter can land. Our PUP is in the next valley. The TARP is a 
team of Marines with helicopter gunships to secure the area." 

" I see!. Tell me where this "PUP" is. We'll pick up your friend there so she'll 
be safe. We'll surprise her, hmm."
 
************************************************************************
 
Valkyrie had just finished talking to the aircraft when she saw the lights below 
her, moving towards her like fireflies in the growing twilight. She could see 
half a dozen lights moving through the trees in a line, obviously searching for 
something. My footprints, she thought; they're following my tracks in the snow. 
She looked to the West, toward the location of her pick up point. The sheer side 
of a cliff loomed between her and the next valley; she would have to move around 
it and then over the mountain to reach her pick up point. With a sense of 
urgency, Valkyrie moved down the side of the knoll, taking care to stay within 
the wooded fringe. She did what she could to make it harder to track her, but 
she realized that she did not have the time to be clever. She had to use the 
waning light to get some distance between her and her unknown pursuers. 
Valkyrie was growing colder now as the sun disappeared. Her flight suit and long 
underwear were little protection against a Balkan winter night, even in March. 
The temperature was freezing now, she thought, it would be zero or below by 
dawn. She would have to keep moving or freeze. As she moved into the low ground, 
Valkyrie choose to move to her left, uphill, to go around the cliff. Her mind 
was racing, trying to remember something- anything- from her training which 
could help her now. What she remembered was a scene from an old John Wayne 
Western she had seen a dozen times as a kid. She would use the mountain stream 
running in front of the cliff to cover her tracks, just like the Duke. She 
carefully laid a false trail past the stream and then walked backwards to the 
stream by stepping in her own footsteps, silently praying that whoever was after 
her was not a fan of the Duke's movies. The water was brutally cold; but it was, 
she knew, the only way she could avoid leaving tracks for her pursuers to use 
against her. As the dark engulfed her, Valkyrie fought her way up the stream. 
Frequently, she stumbled on rocks until she was soaked to the waist, letting the 
cold further sap her strength. Branches from the banks of the stream racked her 
face. Only her will and the fear of what capture would mean kept her going. Her 
lower body was soaked; her upper body was covered with sweat from her struggles. 
She paused every now and then to drink a little of the water to quiet the 
growling in her stomach. She had no food; that had been abandon with her 
parachute. Her feet had grown numb from the cold water, her legs were leaden 
from the ordeal of struggling up hill over the rocky stream bed. Still, she 
persisted until there was no more stream. Then, too cold to risk the luxury of 
rest without shelter, she forced herself upward to the crest of the ridge. Below 
her in the darkness was, she knew, the valley where she was to be rescued. She 
checked her position with her hand held GPS and got an azimuth to the pick up 
point. Carefully, she began to pick her way down the rocky slope in total 
darkness. The thought of rescue was all that kept her putting one foot in front 
of another. After the events of the last ten hours, a flyer with less will power 
would have long ago given up to the cold and the fatigue. Slowly, she made her 
way down the mountain side. The gnawing in her stomach was growing painful now, 
but Valkyrie knew that it was her constant shivering that was the greater 
problem. She knew that she had to get something to eat to starve off hypothermia 
from her prolonged exposure to the cold water. As dawn appeared, Valkyrie saw a 
barn like building at the edge of the woods she was using for cover. Her need 
drove Valkyrie to risk entering the building. Cautiously, she explored the empty 
barn, her pistol ready. She found nothing eatable until she opened a small 
storage area beside the cattle pens. There she found a small pile of half rotten 
turnips, cattle feed in this part of the world. Valkyrie stared at them with 
disgust for a moment; then with a resigned sigh picked one up and bit into it. 
The mushy, bitter taste of the half rotten, frozen turnip filled her mouth, but 
Valkyrie forced herself to keep chewing. She choked down the pungent, earthy 
mess and forced herself to take another bite. It took all her will power to 
finish that raw turnip. It took just as much to pick up the next one.
 
*********************************************************************** 

Arkan smiled and said, "Thank you Lt. Malone. No, that is too formal; 
I shall call you Bobbie. You have been very helpful. Particularly, I found what 
you said about your friend, Valkyrie, to be very interesting. She sounds like a 
remarkable woman. I shall enjoy meeting her. We will meet your friend at this 
PUP of your's. Now,... there is one more thing I want you to do. Face the car 
window, Bobbie." 

Bobbie looked at her rescuer without understanding. It took her a moment to 
realize that he was holding a pistol, pointing directly at her.
 
"Wa ..What are you doing?....I don't understand." 

" FACE THE WINDOW! You silly whore, the Moslem's didn't shoot you down; my men 
did! You Americans are so naive. You go around the world pushing people around, 
and then you are surprised because everyone hates you. FACE THE WINDOW!" 

Still not comprehending, Bobbie turned to the window of the land rover's 
backseat. Arkan roughly took her arms and handcuffed them behind her back with 
cuffs the grinning guard in the front seat handed him. Then he jerked her around 
to face him. Putting up the gun, he opened the zipper on Bobbie's flight suit to 
expose the bare skin underneath. Grinning widely, he pushed the flaps of the 
suit aside to free her small, pert breasts. He stroked them softly until the red 
nubs of her nipples were erect. Bobbie cringed under his touch. 

"Pleaseee....don't do this to me.....please don't.", Bobbie begged. The shock of 
having Arkan betray her, coming so soon after the ordeal of her gang rape, 
overwhelmed the young flyer's will to resist. She felt paralyzed, totally 
helpless to resist him. 

"I am going to show you something, my little American aviator. A little trick I 
like to use to get a woman's attention." 

Arkan took a piece of nylon fishing line out of his pocket and laid it over his 
lap. With a few rapid movements of his hands he tied one end into a tiny noose. 
Then, his eyes still fixed on Bobbie's, he did the same to the other end. As 
Bobbie sat there transfixed, he looped one of the tiny nooses over her right 
nipple and gently tightened it until Bobbie gave a little gasp. He repeated the 
process on her left nipple with the other end of the almost invisible line. 
Bobbie was so terribly frightened; she was unable to even breath. Holding the 
line, each hand a few inches from Bobbie's now elongated nipple, Arkan pulled 
slowly, drawing her forward and off the seat as the thin thread cut cruelly into 
her sensitive nub. He guided her onto the floor of the land rover between his 
legs, using only the fishing line to maneuver her. When he had her in place, 
Arkan toyed with the line, jerking first one side and then the other to draw an 
agonized response from the kneeling young woman. To Bobbie, it felt as if he 
were cutting her nipples off her breasts. The pain was sharp and intense.
 
"OHHH!...Pleasee don't.....it hurts so!.....pleasee, I'll do what ever you want; 
just don't hurt me any more...AHHH!.. Pleasee!" 

She looked up at him, her face just above the level of his crotch as he sat 
straddling her. He used one hand to open his pants and extract his cock. The 
erect organ was almost touching her face. Bobbie involuntarily flinched.
 
"Lick it, Bobbie", Arkan ordered, emphasizing his words by pulling on the line 
attached to her right nipple. Bobbie cried out as the pain intensified yet 
again. 

Sobbing and with tears streaming down her face, Bobbie bent her head forward and 
put out her tongue. She touched her pink tongue to the warm flesh of his cock 
with its sour, overwhelmingly masculine odor and then licked across the head of 
his cock. Her mind mercifully blank, Bobbie licked the head and then the top of 
his cock. He held his cock in one hand, raising it to allow her to lick the 
sensitive ridge along its underside. As Bobbie licked his cock, making it shiny 
with her salvia, Arkan guided her actions with the line encircling her nipples, 
using them like the reins of a horse to guide and dominate the kneeling woman. 
Arkan savored the sensation of her warm, soft tongue caressing his cock for as 
long as he could. When he could stand it no longer, he dropped the fishing line, 
grabbed her short hair with both hands, and began to fuck her face, brutally 
using her mouth as if it were a cunt. He thrust into her mouth until his 
cockhead was pounding at the entrance to her throat, choking the handcuffed 
American flyer with each thrust. 

"Yes..Is that too much for you, bitch?.. you can tell your friend Valkyrie about 
how it feels in your throat...SUCK IT SLUT!" 

Trying hard not to panic, Bobbie forced herself to breath during the few seconds 
when he had withdrew his cock for the next thrust, desperately trying to suck 
air to her tortured lungs around the cock still halfway inside her mouth. Harder 
and harder Arkan rode Bobbie's mouth, his cock gliding over the girl's hot, 
moist tongue to hit her throat before withdrawing to repeat the process again 
and again. Bobbie's jaws were stretched to their limits to accommodate Arkan's 
male member. She was gagging involuntarily each time his cockhead forced its way 
into her throat. She could not breath. As his thrusts went deeper and faster, 
Bobbie was unable to draw any air into her lungs. Her lungs were burning as her 
mind began to swim into blackness. Helpless and frightened, she could only 
crouched there on the car's floor as he raped her mouth, moving her head back 
and forth over his cock as if he were masturbating with her face! Just before 
Bobbie lost consciousness, she felt for the first time the hot bitterness of a 
man's cum filling her mouth. But instead of withdrawing, he kept his cock inside 
her mouth as his sticky white cum poured down her throat, cutting off what 
little air she could suck around his cock. Then blackness overwhelmed her. 
Bobbie did not know how long she was unconscious. When she came to, she was 
still on the land rover's floor, still handcuffed. The nylon line was still 
around her nipples though she saw that it had been retied from a single strand 
noose. Now she had the nylon line wrapped repeatedly around her nipples, making 
the tip swell from the blood trapped there. Still, she felt only a dull ache 
there rather than the sharp pain she had felt when he had repeatedly tightened 
it around her nipples. She stared sadly at her exposed breasts, the nipples 
distended into an hourglass shape by the fishing line. She could feel the car 
moving and hear Arkan talking on a radio. The salty, sticky taste in her mouth 
brought back the painful memory of what he had done to her. As she lay there 
exhausted by her ordeal and lulled by the gently rocking of the car, the 
realization of what she had done hit her. Oh Val, she thought, oh God, I told 
him how to find you. 

*********************************************************************** 

At dawn, Valkyrie approached the wooded hill near the meadow that was her pick 
up point. Cold and hungry, she nevertheless felt elated at the prospect that she 
was only an hour or two from rescue. She knew that she had only to check out the 
area and then call in the rescue party, the TARP. Carefully, she moved through 
the wooded area to the edge of the meadow. It was then that she saw the small 
figure at the corner of the field. Valkyrie's heart jumped as she recognized the 
figure; it was Bobbie! She ran toward her backseater and then stopped in her 
tracks. There was something wrong; Bobbie, who appeared to be leaning against a 
tree, had her flight suit open to expose her breasts. Valkyrie could see that 
Bobbie was shaking her head though no sounds came from the woman. As she stared 
at Bobbie, a camouflaged uniformed man rose from the bushes at Bobbie's feet.
 
"Surrender, Lieutenant. My men are all around you. You cannot escape!" 

Valkyrie looked around her. At the sound of the man's voice, other men had 
appeared at the top of the hill to her left. She saw that she was cut off from 
escape. Valkyrie reached into her holster for her 9mm pistol.
 
" Do not be foolish!", the man yelled as he pressed a pistol against Bobbie's 
forehead, " I will kill your friend if you fire! Drop your pistol!" 

Valkyrie hesitated for a second but then complied. In a moments time, she had 
her survival vest torn off and her hands cuffed behind her back as one of the 
men held her own pistol to her head. Valkyrie did not resist. The men then 
walked her toward Bobbie. Valkyrie saw a gagged and bound Bobbie was being led 
towards her- by something pulling her exposed breasts! She saw that Bobbie's 
nipples were horribly distended, being pulled at least two inches beyond their 
normal length. From the expression in the younger woman's eyes, Valkyrie knew 
that the pain must be tremendous. Valkyrie saw that Bobbie's face was covered 
with a whitish scum. The men had raped her, thought Valkyrie; I'll be next! But 
her fear for herself was less than her anger at the men who had hurt her friend. 

"Bastards!... big, brave men... How many of you did it take to rape one woman 
half your size? ..... that the only way you assholes can get it up?" 

Of the Serbs, only Arkan could understand her words though all understood her 
tone. To Valkyrie's surprise, his response to her outburst was a laugh. In his 
own language, Arkan told his men that they finally had a woman who would be a 
challenge, a welcome change from those cringing Moslems they had been used to. 
Then he turned to the seething Valkyrie.
 
"Ah! Lieutenant Valkyrie! I have been looking forward to meeting you. Bobbie has 
told me so much about her big, strong pilot. I have such plans for you." 

Valkyrie was flabbergasted at the man's response but recovered quickly. " I'm 
not afraid of you! There's a lot of Marines on their way here. You better be the 
one who's worried, you Rapist!" 

" I might be.... if you had ever told them you were here." Holding up the radio 
he had been monitoring- Bobbie's radio, Arkan gloated, " but you never told 
them, did you."
 
***********************************************************************
 
An hour later, Arkan led a thoroughly frightened and crying Bobbie into an 
abandon barn, pulling her after him by the lines attached to her swollen 
nipples, exposed in her unzipped flight suit. A rope was tied around her neck. 
The other end was wrapped around Valkyrie's neck, forcing her to follow or , 
between her resistance and Arkan's pulling, rip Bobbie's nipples off. Valkyrie 
was trying to put up a brave front for Bobbie's sake but was sweating from her 
own fear. The pair was led into the filthy interior, littered with rusted farm 
equipment. Valkyrie was positioned under a heavy, exposed beam. As one of the 
guards held a rifle to her chest, two men tied ropes to her booted feet and ran 
them to a broken plow and the wheel of a derelict tractor. They pulled on the 
ropes, painfully spreading Valkyrie's feet beyond the width of her broad 
shoulders before they tied them to the two pieces of the heavy farm debris. 
Arkan untied the rope connecting Valkyrie and Bobbie's necks from the still 
gagged Bobbie and threw the end to one of the guards. The guard ran the rope end 
over the exposed beam and pulled, forcing the handcuffed Valkyrie up on her toes 
as she struggled to keep from choking. She struggled frantically, fearing that 
they were going to hang her here as Bobbie watched. Once she had been 
immobilized by the ropes at her feet and neck, one of the men unlocked 
Valkyrie's handcuffs. As two other men held her arms, he tied a rope around each 
of her wrists and one by one ran the other end over the beam to which her noose 
was tied. As his helpers continued to hold her left arm behind her back, he 
pulled on the other rope until her arm was raised- despite her struggle-above 
her head until her hand touched the beam. He tied the rope off to an upright and 
proceeded to repeat the process with her left arm. Valkyrie now was suspended by 
her arms, her toes barely scraping the dirt floor as she scrambled for support. 
Her weight bore painfully on her shoulder joints, forcing a cry from her 
clenched lips. The rope around her neck was no longer choking her, but it was 
forcing her to keep her head up in order to be able to breath. The men then 
stood back and watched as Arkan took a long single edged knife from his belt and 
held it in front of Valkyrie. He smiled at Valkyrie as he pulled the zipper of 
her flight suit down. He inserted the knife blade where the zipper stopped and 
slashed downward. Valkyrie involuntarily flinched. Slowly and silently, Arkan 
cut the woman's clothes from her body as his men and Bobbie watched. Valkyrie 
tried to remain still as he cut her clothes away but could not keep herself from 
moving away from the cold metal of the blade whenever it touched her skin. In 
moments she was left naked but for her boots and her dogtags. Arkan stood back 
to admire the results, staring hungrily at her large breasts with their quarter 
size auroras and erect nipples and at the thick patch of blonde hair between her 
legs. 

" Yes...you will do very well.", Arkan gloated as he ran his hands over her flat 
stomach to her large breasts, weighing them in his palms as he pressed his 
thumbs into her large nipples. 

" You can't get away with this! This is a war crime! I demand to be treated in 
accordance with the Geneva Conventions.", barked an angry Valkyrie. 
"Oh, but I can get away with this. I have been getting away with this for years. 
There is none of your stupid Geneva Convention here. And no one can help you 
here, my big strong American. You are mine now, the spoils of war." 
As Arkan spoke, he was already tying his fishing line into a nipple noose. While 
Valkyrie watched horrified, he slipped the thin nylon line over her right 
nipple. Slowly he tightened the line until her nipple was encircled by a ring of 
pain. Then he tightened it more.
 
"AHH!, ...You Bastard!....AAHHH!...Stop it! AHHH!......STOP"
 
Then he slipped the fishing line over her left nipple and tightened it, turning 
its red tip into an hourglass shape as he slowly pulled on the thin line. 
Valkyrie could not believe the pain coming from her nipples; they felt as if 
they were being sliced off. Arkan pulled the fishing line even tighter; then he 
slowly wrapped the line around each nipple until the tips of Valkyrie's nipples 
bulged with the trapped blood. Finally he began pulling on the lines, making 
Valkyrie's breasts bob up and down to the amusement of his watching men. 
Valkyrie was filled with rage at the man standing in front of her and mocking 
her, pulling on the nylon line attached to her nipples as if they were the reins 
controlling a fractious horse he was breaking. But she controlled her anger. 
Valkyrie knew that she could only hold out so long under torture; that everyone 
breaks sooner or later. She knew that she had to give him something to buy time 
until someone could find her. She reasoned that she could always lie, pretend to 
cooperate to stall.
 
" AHH! OKAY!... I get the point. What do you want to know?" 

" Know? I don't want to know anything...except how much pain you can stand. I 
don't care about your stupid military secrets. I can see them on CNN anytime. 
They mean nothing to me. I am a man of simple pleasures; I just want to hear you 
scream...and beg."
 
Valkyrie could not believe her ears. The man was obviously insane! This thought 
was reinforced as Arkan again attacked her blood engorged nipples with his 
fingers. He rolled them between his thumb and forefinger, squeezing the swollen 
red flesh until the bound woman screamed again and again.
 
"AHH! STOP IT.....AAHHHHH! NO.. I WON'T BEG!"
 
"Well, I will let you think about that. I shall rape you. Then we will see how 
long it takes you to learn to beg. Your little friend is quite good at it 
already. She told us how to find you , you know."
 
As Arkan moved out of her narrow field of view, Valkyrie tried unsuccessfully to 
look at Bobbie. But the rope around her neck prevented her from seeing Bobbie's 
face. She knew instinctively that he had told the truth; that Bobbie had 
betrayed her. She had to believe that her friend had only done so under torture, 
but the thought still angered her. 

Arkan took the gag from Bobbie's mouth. Then he used the lines attached to her 
nipples to drag her screaming to Valkyrie. He positioned her with her face 
inches from the bound pilot's crotch, staring at her friend's pubic hairs. Then 
he forced Bobbie's head back so she could see his obscenely grinning face and 
made a pantomime of licking with his tongue as he pointed at the hair between 
Valkyrie's legs. When he forced her face into Valkyrie's pubic hair. Bobbie 
began to blindly lick the hairs pressing into her face. He kept her at it, 
kneeling beside her and pulling on the nipple lines to encourage her. His men 
formed a circle around them, laughing at the women's discomfort.
 
Valkyrie found the thought of another woman licking her cunt to be repulsive. 
All of her life, Valkyrie had fought the stereotype that a tall, muscular woman 
must be gay. The thought of having sex, even unwilling sex, with another woman 
sickened her. That it was Bobbie made it even worse. Valkyrie flinched at each 
touch of her friend's tongue, her stomach churning with disgust. But this was of 
minor consequence compared to the other agonies she was experiencing. Her 
nipples were on fire. Her shoulders felt as if they were being slowly pulled 
from her body. Even worse, Valkyrie's mind kept returning to the stories she had 
heard about the terrible gang rapes inflicted upon an Air Force pilot, Major 
Diana Barker, after she had been captured by the Iraqi's in the Gulf War. She 
feared rape, the prospect of being taken against her will, more than anything 
else. Compared to those thoughts, the feeling of Bobbie's tongue- loathsome 
thought the act was to her- was almost a welcome distraction.
 
Bobbie cried as she applied her soft tongue to Valkyrie's sensitive flesh. 
Though it had been her fantasy to make love to Valkyrie, Bobbie felt horribly 
guilty about this. The humiliation of being forced to lick her friend's cunt as 
these horrible men watched and the knowledge that she was helping them prepare 
her friend and mentor to be raped made her feel even worse about the excitement 
which she had to admit that she was feeling. Bobbie was appalled at the 
excitement she felt as she tasted Valkyrie's soft, clean tasting cunt for the 
first time. Yet she also had to acknowledge that she found it sexually exciting 
to be servicing the woman she idolized sexually just like in her fantasies. 
Confused and frightened for them both, Bobbie licked the other woman's cunt lips 
gently, trying to comfort her friend, even as she hated herself for doing it. 
How, she wondered, could she be so excited while Val's suffering so much. 
As Arkan walked away, Bobbie was allowed to stop, to crouch by Valkyrie's feet, 
pressing herself against the larger woman's sturdy leg as if to try to draw some 
of Valkyrie's strength, and wait, still clad only in her open flight suit. Above 
her Valkyrie hung motionless, sweat pouring from her nude body despite the chill 
in the unheated barn. Aside from an occasional moan, Bobbie heard nothing from 
Valkyrie and was too frightened, and ashamed, to speak to her. Periodically, one 
of the men would step forward from the group of men who were passing around a 
bottle as they silently stared at the two captive women. The man would run his 
hands over Valkyrie, pawing her breasts or her cunt. Bobbie could feel Valkyrie 
shiver when they did this.
 
It seemed an eternity to both the women, lost in their own fears as they were, 
before Arkan reappeared in front of Valkyrie. He was, Bobbie saw, carrying a 
half empty bottle of a clear liquor from which he took a deep drink, some sort 
of liquor she feared. He ordered her to her feet and , to her surprise, took the 
handcuffs off her. For a moment Bobbie hoped that he had changed his mind; that 
he was going to be the man she had thought he was when he had rescued her from 
the Mujahideen. Then he spoke, his words slightly slurred from the alcohol. 
"Take off your clothes. Show us all what you have to offer, American slut." 
Bobbie hesitated and then complied with his humiliating order. Reluctantly, she 
shed the imaginary protection of her flight suit and stood naked in front of 
Arkan and the half dozen men watching. She hated being forced to expose herself 
this way; she wished he had just ripped the clothing off her instead. More 
embarrassed than she had ever been in her life, Bobbie stood before them, trying 
to at least hide her neatly trimmed dark pubic patch from their hungry stares.
 
"Put your hands at your sides. I want to see you!"
 
Reluctantly, she complied. Staring at the floor in shame, Bobbie waited for his 
next order. 

"YOU SON OF A BITCH!....LET HER ALONE!" , screamed Valkyrie.
 
"Ah. Still full of fight? Good, I like that. I think you're going to be even 
better than that Croat fighter bitch I captured two years ago. She was a strong 
one too. She lasted almost a week. She had a lovely screaming voice." 

Arkan smiled as he stared at the spread eagled pilot, her nude body illuminated 
by the light through the open door. He noted with satisfaction that her nipples, 
still wrapped in his fishing line, were now extremely swollen, the tips almost 
purple from the blood trapped there. From each nipple, a few inches of fishing 
line dangled, waiting his use. Her muscular body struggled against the ropes 
holding her arms to the ceiling beams and her legs to the rusted debris on the 
dirt floor of the barn. He stepped away from her, searching the machines 
littering the dim interior of the barn. He returned with a short length of 
electrical cable which had formerly connected the distributor and a spark plug 
on the tractor. Valkyrie watched fearfully, constrained as she was by the rope 
around her neck which forced her to keep her head up or choke. She was more 
afraid now than she had ever been in her life. She wanted to beg, to cry or 
scream-anything to stop what she knew was going to happen. but her pride stopped 
her; she wouldn't cringe before these animals.
 
Arkan used his long knife to strip the insulation from the wire; then he 
untwisted the thick strand of copper wire into a mass of individual strands, 
creating a makeshift scourge which was small but potent with its array of tiny 
semi-rigid copper wires. Arkan tested his new whip on Valkyrie's thighs, 
casually striking first one then the other with the unyielding wire scourge. It 
left her inner thighs marked by a mass of faint red lines. Valkyrie groaned with 
each blow, half strength though they were. Arkan slowly moved up her body, the 
strength of each blow increasing as he moved from her flat stomach towards her 
exposed breasts. Valkyrie frantically pulled at her bonds, her muscles flexing 
futility as she sought to free her hands to protect her vulnerable breasts. 
Foolishly, she refused to give him what he wanted; her pride would not allow 
her. But when his first blow hit her already tortured right breast, Valkyrie 
forgot her pride.
 
"AGHHAAAA!...AGHAA!...NO PLEASE..PLEASE!" 

Arkan put all his considerable strength into each blow, striking the swollen 
nipples with the exposed wires. Valkyrie felt as though the skin was being 
flayed right off her breasts; it felt as if red hot needles were being stuck 
into the soft flesh. Her tender breast flesh absorbed each blow with a faint 
slapping sound produced as the metal struck her flesh; each blow was followed by 
Valkyrie's shrill scream. Arkan flayed each breast alternately, marking first 
her right and then her left breast with his makeshift scourge and leaving them 
covered in a mass of tiny red stripes. Valkyrie's breasts bobbed up and down 
with the blows, slowly turning from a pale red to a bright red as the now 
overlapping network of stripes spread to cover the entire breast. The pain was 
incredible. Valkyrie could not think for the pain; she could only react 
instinctively by screaming out her pain and pleading for it to stop. She knew 
she could not endure this.
 
"STOP..AHEE....I'LL DO WHAT YOU WANT!...AGHAAAA!." 

Arkan continued as if she had never spoken. 

Valkyrie screamed ever louder and longer as he shifted his aim to concentrate on 
her vulnerable nipples. The pain was horrible. She feared he would destroy her 
breasts; the thought of losing them terrified her. Valkyrie screamed again and 
again as her fear and pain consumed her.
 
Bobbie was stunned to see tears pouring down Valkyrie's face. At the sight of 
her idol's tears, Bobbie finally found her voice and a little of her courage. 
She lunged at him, screaming.
 
"LEAVE HER ALONE! LEAVE HER ALONE!....HURT ME , TAKE ME INSTEAD." 

Arkan drove her back with a single careless swipe to her pert breasts; then one 
of his bodyguards grabbed her. Without missing a stroke, he continued to torture 
Valkyrie's breasts with his metal scourge.
 
"SCREAM BITCH.........LET...ME....HEAR....YOU.....SCREAM!" 

He continued striking Valkyrie's bleeding nipples. Again and again the makeshift 
flail struck her soft flesh with a faint "thunk" followed by Valkyrie's scream. 
All thoughts of resistance were gone from her mind now. All she could think 
about was the agony filling her mind. Without even knowing what she was saying, 
the proud woman began to beg. 

"AGHAAA!...AHHHHH!..AGHHHAAAA!...PLEASE...PLEASEE I BEG YOU..PLEASE....LET ME 
SUCK YOUR COCK..ANYTHING..PLEASEEE!"
 
Arkan stopped and examined her sweat and blood covered, red stripped breasts. 
Then he took one last swing with his scourge, striking Valkyrie on her exposed 
clit with all his strength. Valkyrie screamed again, a horse yell ending with a 
deep sob. Arkan was, for now, satisfied with the ascendancy he had established 
over the American flyer. He had Bobbie forced to the floor beside Valkyrie's 
right leg. Then he had her handcuffed with her arms around Valkyrie's muscular 
leg, positioning her with her face at Valkyrie's bruised cunt. Arkan went to the 
table where he had left his bottle and took a drink. Then, still carrying the 
bottle, he positioned himself in front of Valkyrie.
 
"Lick her cunt, bitch. LICK IT!" 

Bobbie licked Valkyrie, trying to soothe the brutalized flesh of her whipped 
cunt with her tongue. Arkan allowed her to work on Valkyrie's cunt for long 
moments as he savored the sight of the two women. Valkyrie was almost 
unconscious from the beating she had endured. The feeling of Bobbie's tongue on 
her cunt brought her back to reality. She cringed at her friend's touch, trying 
to will herself to ignore the perverted act Bobbie was performing on her.
 
"No Bobbie...don't ... don't...wrong." 

Then Bobbie's soft mouth was gone, and she felt the pressure of the bottle 
against her cunt. Involuntarily, she tightened the muscles there. Arkan grunted 
and pushed harder, making the long neck of the bottle sink inside Valkyrie's 
cunt as she moaned weakly. Arkan sank it all the way to the base of the neck and 
then began to fuck her with it, pushing the bottle in and out of her as he spun 
it from side to side, laughing. The penetration of her still dry cunt was 
painful to Valkyrie as well as humiliating. 

"Ask me to fuck you whore!" 

It was all she could do was to keep herself from losing control and becoming 
hysterical. Valkyrie knew that she had been ready a moment ago to do anything- 
no matter how humiliating or disgusting- to stop Arkan's scourge. She was not 
willing to anger him now and face the wire whip again. She had, Valkyrie 
thought, sunk to Bobbie's level of abject submission. 

"Please ....fuck ...me.", a resigned Valkyrie replied softly. 

At that moment Valkyrie wanted to die. But she could not. Instead she waited 
passively for Arkan to take her. After a moment of using the bottle inside her 
as if it were a cock- of fucking her with the hard glass neck of the bottle, 
Arkan withdrew the bottle and held it up to the light. To Valkyrie's disgust, he 
sniffed it and then brought the bottle to his mouth and licked his tongue along 
the length of the neck.
 
"Bah!, nothing...the bitch is dry!... She isn't much of a woman."
 
Arkan moved around Valkyrie. Once behind her, Valkyrie heard him muttering as he 
stroked her ass. For all her sexual adventures, Valkyrie had never let a man 
take her in the ass. It was, she thought, too degrading. Now she knew that Arkan 
meant to sodomize her, and that there was nothing she could do to stop him. 
Valkyrie tried to will herself to relax, to accept the inevitable. Still, her 
muscles tightened involuntarily as the bottle pressed into the puckered star of 
her anus. Harder and harder he pressed until the bottle penetrated her, 
painfully forcing its way inside her asshole. Arkan pressed harder, pushing the 
bottle in and out of her stretched sphincter in a parody of the rape to come. 

" Yes. Tight. You are very tight. Since your cunt is so cold, this is how I am 
going to fuck you my big, strong, American Navy slut. Like a man! What do you 
say to that., American Whore?" 

Valkyrie remained silent. The pain was intense; the humiliation was even 
greater. She closed her eyes and briefly thought about trying to use the noose 
around her neck to choke herself into unconsciousness, or even death. But she 
couldn't do it; Valkyrie's fear of death overcame even her fear of sodomy. 
Arkan slowly withdrew the bottle from her ass. Then he pulled Bobbie around by 
her dark sweat slick hair until her face was against Valkyrie's ass. He 
presented her with the shit stained bottle neck. "Clean this, you little slut.", 
he ordered, holding the bottle at her lips. Bobbie grimaced as she leaned 
forward and thrust out her pink tongue. She licked the glass neck, tasting 
Valkyrie's feces as the brown stains disappeared under her tongue. Arkan thrust 
the mouth of the bottle into her mouth, forcing it down her throat until she 
gagged at the invasion. She gagged again as a large slug of the colorless, 
potent liquor poured down her throat, throwing a wave of fire back up her throat 
when it hit her stomach. Arkan laughed as she choked on the liquor and then took 
the neck of the bottle out of Bobbie's mouth and put it in his own. He swallowed 
a mouthful and then ordered her to lick Valkyrie's asshole. Her head reeling 
from the liquor, Bobbie fitted her mouth to Valkyrie's still open asshole and 
thrust her tongue into the hot, tight hole. She pushed her tongue as deeply into 
Valkyrie's ass chute as she could, taking a perverse pleasure in this 
humiliating contact with her idolized superior officer. She moved her tongue 
around inside Valkyrie, causing the older woman to thrust her hips forward to 
escape the invading tongue.
 
"No...Bobbie don't..this is not right......STOP IT, BOBBIE!" 

Bobbie ignored her, continuing to suck and eat Valkyrie's ass in a masochist, 
intoxicated daze. She felt that she had to open Valkyrie's ass and lubricate it 
with her salvia. Bobbie reasoned that she had to do whatever she could to save 
Valkyrie from as much pain as possible, ignoring the masochistic pleasure she 
was receiving from the humiliating task, from the taste and scent of her 
friend's ass . She kept feeding her salvia into her friend's asshole with her 
tongue until Arkan pulled her face away and thrust his cock into it. Bobbie took 
his cock into her mouth and laved it with her tongue, repulsed by its foul taste 
but determined to lubricate it for Valkyrie's sake. She slavishly suck his cock, 
drooling her spit onto it despite her humiliation at being forced to suck her 
rapist's cock again. Valkyrie could not avoid hearing the loud sucking sounds 
Bobbie made as she serviced Arkan's cock. The thought of her friend and 
subordinate degrading herself in this manner disgusted her. Valkyrie wondered 
bitterly how Bobbie could act like such a slut. But she remained silent. Bobbie 
meanwhile was doing such a good job with her mouth that Arkan had to pull her 
face away to avoid coming there in her mouth. Now, his cock longer and harder 
than before, he was ready to sodomize Valkyrie.
 
Arkan pressed his cock into Valkyrie's sphincter. Despite Bobbie's preparations, 
he found Valkyrie's asshole still resisting him, allowing only the tip of his 
cock to enter her tight asshole. He grasp her hips and thrust into the tiny 
opening with all his strength.
 
"AHHH!.....NOOOO!", Valkyrie moaned. 

Now his cock was a quarter of the way inside the moaning American woman. He 
stopped for a moment to enjoy the heat and the tight grip of her ass chute on 
his cock. Arkan moved his hands from her hips up Valkyrie's sweaty torso to her 
red, swollen breasts. He weighted them in his hand for a moment before taking 
one hand and pulling on the nylon cords encircling her nipples. Regripping her 
hips with his other hand, Arkan slowly forced his cock deeper inside the 
squirming Valkyrie as he simultaneously tormented her nipples by tightening the 
nooses around each nipples again. As he forced his cock into Valkyrie, Bobbie 
crouched beside Valkyrie, her cuffed hands clinging to the muscular leg. Her 
face was only inches from Arkan's cock as it forced its way into Valkyrie. 
Bobbie stared at the man's cock as it expanded Valkyrie's star-shaped anus into 
a wide circle. She was afraid that it would tear Valkyrie in two. Bobbie gripped 
her friend's muscular leg and waited, unable to help Valkyrie as she was 
brutally sodomized. A feeling of guilt overwhelmed Bobbie. I should be the one 
he is torturing, she thought bitterly. 

Arkan had the head of his cock inside Valkyrie now. Inch by inch, he pressed his 
cock forward, forcing his way into her hot, tight passage. It felt to him as if 
a hand were squeezing his cock; he didn't know, or care, if the moisture he felt 
inside her was Bobbie's salvia or Valkyrie's blood. He just forced himself into 
her even more, trying to impale Valkyrie on his cock. Not satisfied with the 
pain he was inflicting on her as he slowly forced himself into her, Arkan began 
making short, brutal thrusts with his hips, opening her ass by sheer force. As 
he forced himself into her, he pulled on the nylon line to torture her breasts, 
tightening the noose around her swollen nipple as the blood gorged tip throbbed 
with pain. Arkan pressed himself against her sweaty back and taunted her.
 
"Feel my cock inside you Bitch!... do you like it?... No matter..You will learn 
to like it. You are nothing but a whore now...A WHORE!"
 
Valkyrie's moans were reaching the level of screams from the twin torments of 
the burning log being forced up her ass and the thin line cutting into her 
sensitive nipple. She thought that she would be driven insane by the pain! She 
could feel him deep inside her now; it felt to her as if he were shoving a 
burning stake up her ass. Valkyrie no longer cared about hiding her fears; she 
wept unashamedly , tears running down her pain contoured face as she begged 
Arkan to end her suffering. But he ignored her pleas and drove even deeper into 
her asshole until she could feel his cockhairs pressing against her ass. He 
paused for a moment to enjoy the feel of her guts encircling his cock. Valkyrie 
felt for an instance the hope that she could begin to adjust to the terrible, 
painful pressure she was feeling as he drove his cock ever deeper inside her 
body. But then she totally lost her precarious grip on sanity when Arkan 
suddenly began to fuck her with jackhammer like strokes. A long terrible wail 
came out of her as he brutally raped her ass. 

"AGHHH!...AAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!" 

Harder and harder the man thrust into her , his cock a blur as it slid in and 
out of her asshole. Arkan was in a world of his own now. All he cared about was 
the feeling coming from his cock as it plowed into Valkyrie. That and the sound 
of her screaming. The force of his strokes was lifting her an inch each time his 
hips collided with her butt. Arkan could only endure the powerful friction 
generated as he impaled her on his cock for a few short moments, but it seemed 
an eternity to the screaming Valkyrie. Finally, he came, filling her abused ass 
with a flood of hot seed; Valkyrie could feel it scalding her insides as he 
withdrew his cock. Now all she felt was an obscene sense of emptiness as her 
distended asshole slowly began to close. Valkyrie felt an immense sense of 
relief mixed with feelings of intense humiliation- of being used. At least, she 
believed, her ordeal was over. 

Arkan used Bobbie to clean his cock. He simply forced his cum and shit covered 
cock into her mouth and ordered her to clean him. Bobbie obeyed, the mingled 
taste of his cum and Valkyrie's filth filling her mouth and making her gag. As 
she cleaned him with her tongue, Bobbie shut her eyes and hugged her friend's 
leg for strength, desperate to hang on just a few seconds longer until all this 
was over. Then the cock was gone from her mouth. 

Arkan walked away from the two women. Bobbie crouched against Valkyrie's leg, 
stroking the firm flesh gently and crying, "Oh Val, I'm so sorry. Please forgive 
me." Above her Valkyrie hung in her ropes, panting as if she had just run a 
mile. But for the rope around her neck, her head would have dropped to her chest 
and she would have lost herself in tears. As it was, Valkyrie was able to choke 
back most of her tears, her silence broken only by the occasional low sob. As 
she struggled to control her emotions, her muscular body remained erect, the cum 
slowy dripping out of her still half open asshole.
 
Since she was facing the door, Bobbie first realized that something was wrong. 
More men were entering the barn and closing around them, stripping off their 
equipment and opening their pants as they approached. Arkan saw her frightened, 
puzzled look and spoke. 

"Yes Bobbie, more men for your friend to service! She killed their friend. She 
will be punished for that. Her punishment; their pleasure. And you will help."
 
The men formed a loose line behind Valkyrie, who now understood what was about 
to happen. Her face bore a look of sheer terror at the prospect of repeating the 
horrible anal rape again and again. Her agony deepened as a klieg light suddenly 
illuminated her. Standing in front of her was Arkan's cameraman, recording her 
gang rape. The thought that others would see her being raped, that her family 
and the other pilots in the squadron would see this, tore at her very soul. The 
humiliation of that seemed worse to Valkyrie than the rape itself. 

"NO...PLEASE...AT LEAST NOT THE CAMERA..I'LL DO WHAT YOU WANT..JUST TURN IT 
OFF...PLEASEEEE!"
 
No one paid any attention to her cries. As she finally broke down totally at the 
prospect of more anal rapes and began sobbing uncontrollably, the first man was 
already using Bobbie's reluctant mouth to prepare himself. He positioned his 
cock at Valkyrie's still open asshole and pushed. His cock sank all the way into 
the depths of her ass with his first powerful stroke. Aided by the cum still 
coating its interior, his cock meet no resistance as it penetrated her. Valkyrie 
screamed as the burning fullness returned. The camera was able to capture this 
scream as well as all of the other agony reflected in her face since the rope 
noose around her neck prevented her from hiding her face. All Valkyrie could do 
was scream in pain and humiliation at this double rape; one by the man using her 
ass and the other by the camera recording it. 

Bobbie stared at the cock hammering Valkyrie's ass, her face inches from it as 
it pounded in and out of her friend's horribly stretched sphincter. Bobbie 
thought that this was a hundred times worse than the rape she had endured; she 
could not imagine what Valkyrie must be feeling. She watched the first man spend 
himself inside Valkyrie and withdraw, leaving a trail of his cum on her ass. 
Then it was her time again. She was forced to lick the cum and shit off the 
rapist's cock as he and his friends laughed at her. The twin feelings of 
humiliation and helplessness overwhelmed her. Bobbie did not think that she 
would ever be able to get the foul taste of cum and shit out of her mouth. It 
would be with her always to remind her of this moment!
 
Another man replaced the first. This man did not even bother to use Bobbie's 
mouth; he just plunged into Valkyrie's ass with tremendous force, as if he meant 
to stab her to death with his cock. Brutally, he raped the bound woman's ass, 
accompanied by his animal like grunts and by her screams as he churned her 
intestines. He fucked her ass as brutally as he could, venting his anger about 
the death of his friend at her hands. Valkyrie knew that he was going to kill 
her; that he had torn her insides to shreds. But he did not kill her. He pulled 
out before he had cum and spent himself on Bobbie's upturned face. He covered 
her face with his hot, sticky cum and then used her mouth to clean himself. Then 
another man was inside Valkyrie, raping her now wide open asshole with all his 
strength. He would fuck her ass as hard as he could for six or seven strokes; 
then he would jerk his cock totally out of her and then brutally shove it back 
into her stretched asshole causing Valkyrie to spasm in her bonds as he again 
impaled her. At one point, the man jerked it out of Valkyrie and thrust his 
slimy cock in to Bobbie's waiting mouth, forcing her to taste the vile mixture 
of his masculinity, his friends' cum and Valkyrie's asshole. Then he returned 
his cock to Valkyrie's stretched sphincter. 

As he sodomized her, the camera recorded Valkyrie's cruel impalement. It saw and 
made a permanent record of the screams pouring out of her mouth and the agony in 
her eyes. It lingered over the obscene dance her bound body was doing in 
response to the brutal thrusts the men were making into her asshole. The 
camera's lights made the sweat covering her skin glisten as it watched the play 
of the muscles underneath that skin. Her head was held almost motionless by the 
rope around her neck. The agony apparent in her face continually drew the lens 
back there, to her face, to record the tears streaming down the cheeks of this 
proud woman. As the camera watched and recorded, a bound and helpless Valkyrie 
was brutally sodomized by man after man. 

With each new attacker, her struggles grew weaker. By now, her asshole was numb; 
the friction of the cocks moving inside her made tolerable for the sensitive 
lining of her intestines by the flood of man cum coating her ass channel. But 
neither the burning sensation nor the painful feeling of fullness diminished as 
her attackers continued to have their way with her unresisting body. As the men 
fought for the pleasure of using her now loose, literally fucked out asshole, 
some impatient fellows positioned themselves in front of Valkyrie and penetrated 
her dry cunt. The men using her cunt had to bend back to position themselves, 
hanging onto her strong arms as to steady themselves as they raped her 
unprepared vagina, putting new and pain pressure on her stretched and bound 
arms. Now she was being penetrated in both her asshole and her cunt, double 
fucked by the mob of grinning rapists. She felt as if her insides were being 
torn to pieces as two hard cocks dueled inside her, alternating strokes one 
moment and then changing to thrust into her at the same instant, stretching her 
passages cruelly as they banged against each other through the thin membrane 
separating the two. So it continued until all of the men, fourteen by Bobbie's 
count, had used the now unresisting woman's cunt and asshole. Valkyrie's asshole 
was leaking a river of cum onto her upper legs, where it had formed a sheet of 
whitish scum halfway to her knees. Her cunt was similarly marked by a somewhat 
smaller river of the whitish cum running down the side of her left leg. At 
Arkan's direction, the last man held Bobbie's head and forced her to lick the 
man cum off Valkyrie's legs, inch by humiliating inch. Bobbie could not conceive 
of anything that could be more humiliating than this. The taste of their cum, 
flavored by the taste of Valkyrie's ass chute, filled her mouth and overwhelmed 
her with its pungent essence. Unable to spit out the vile tasting cum, Bobbie 
was forced to swallow it. It coated her throat, hanging there and gagging her 
until she could force herself to choke it down. It formed a pool in the pit of 
her stomach, heavy and foul. Slowly she licked Valkyrie's legs. Then she pressed 
her lips against Valkyrie's open cunt and began swallowing the man cream 
covering it, the taste and smell of the men masking the sweetness of the other 
woman's cunt and almost overwhelming her with its sheer maleness. Slowly she 
worked, cleaning Valkyrie's privates until she came to the asshole itself. 
Staring at it from two inches away, Bobbie could see the cum still pooling 
inside the distended asshole. The pressure on the back of her head forced her 
face into the gapping hole. As she thrust her tongue out, Bobbie thought, 
forgive me, Val. 

 
End part 2 of 6 




************************************************************** 
NIGHTMARE IN BOSNIA Part 3(REVISED) 
by conwic@aol.com 

The two nude women hung in darkness. Valkyrie could sense Bobbie's body hanging 
beside her; but her blindfold prevented her from seeing what was happening to 
her friend. Instead, the blindfold forced Valkyrie to concentrate on the agony 
consuming her own body. Both had been suspended head down above the concrete 
floor in the basement of the hotel which was Arkan's headquarters. First their 
arms had been bound tightly behind their backs. First ropes had been run between 
their elbows, pulled tight, and tied; then their forearms had been placed 
together and covered in coils of harsh rope, totally immobilizing their arms. A 
harness of rope shaped like a figure eight was wrapped tightly around their 
torsos, separate from the ropes binding their arms. The rough ropes ran below 
and above their breasts, the strands crossing each other between their breasts 
and continuing around their torsos to encircle their chest and back with ropes 
which cut cruelly into the women's soft skin. More ropes were run from the 
rafters to each of their still booted, widely spread feet; these were used to 
hoist their feet into the air, leaving their heads still resting on the cold 
concrete. . A rope was run from each side of the rope harness encircling the 
chest of each of the captive flyers to eyebolts in widely separated points on 
another rafter. Then those ropes were hauled up to bring the women's torsos off 
the floor, leaving the two captive flyers hanging suspended above the concrete 
floor, bent into a fish hook like shape where their breasts were the part of 
their bodies closest to the floor. As they hung in this suspension, it was their 
own weight which tortured them, slowly tightening the rope harness around their 
chest until it became progressively harder and harder to draw a breath - while 
at the same time making the abrasive ropes cruelly cut into the soft flesh 
around the women's hanging globes. That pain was accompanied by a pounding in 
their heads as the blood collected in their cranial cavities. Their leg and 
thigh muscles screamed in pain, stretched by the rope suspension beyond human 
endurance. Valkyrie had no idea how long they had been hanging here. It seemed 
an eternity. The ropes around her chest were crushing her. Her back ached from 
its unnatural arch. Her stomach muscles were cramping as they were cruelly 
stretched by the upward curve of her body. Her lungs were on fire as her 
diaphragm muscles struggled painfully for each breath against the weight of her 
own body. Even her neck hurt. A noose of thick hemp rope had been put over her 
head and into her mouth, a combination of gag and bondage since the noose filled 
her mouth and prevented speech while with the running end was tied to her bound 
arms, her head was bent backwards and upwards at a very painful angle. 
Blindfolded as well, Valkyrie's only contact with the world around her was the 
sounds of Bobbie's soft moans and the muffled sound of Bobbie's labored 
breathing as the brunette struggled in her identical bondage. Occasionally, the 
sounds that Bobbie made were drowned out by a new sound, the sound of booted 
feet on the concrete. This inevitably heralded a new agony in these two women's 
private hells, for the unseen men came to rape either Bobbie or Valkyrie. When 
the sound of footsteps stopped beside them, they would both wait breathlessly, 
each dreading that they would be the one the man would chose to rape. Each would 
passionately wish that the other would be the one picked by the unseen attacker. 
Then one would feel the guilt of knowing that her wish had come true. She would 
hear the muffled groans of her companion, the wet sounds of the man's cock 
invading the other woman's abused cunt, and the animal like grunts of the 
rapist. 

Valkyrie shivered at the man's touch. He explored her swollen and sore cunt 
flesh with three or four fingers, prying her open and feeling inside to find the 
wet, sticky leavenings of his predecessors. The pain as he penetrated her cunt 
with his fingers was mild compared to the burning in her chest and thighs, but 
the humiliation of being at his mercy, of having no control over who used her 
body, cut Valkyrie to her soul. She feared that she would go mad if this 
incredible combination of pain and humiliation continued. When the man replaced 
his probing fingers with a hard cock, the feeling of humiliation totally 
overwhelmed her. Valkyrie struggled wildly against her bonds. She began to cry 
as he fucked her, loud uncontrolled sobs penetrated her rope gag to mix with the 
curses and grunts coming from the man. He used her suspension to increase his 
pleasure, pulling on the ropes to swing her onto his cock and then away as if 
she were the one fucking him. He swung her faster and faster, her momentum 
ramming his cock deep inside her. His cock was the only part of his body 
touching her; his hands were on the ropes pushing her back and forth. Valkyrie 
had to struggle to breath around her rope gag; the force and depth of his 
penetrations were knocking the breath out of her. Despite the lubricating pool 
of cum left inside her by the other men, she felt a burning sensation down 
there, generated by the friction of his fast moving cock. It felt to Valkyrie as 
if the man's cock was shredding the lining of her cunt's walls as he repeatedly 
impaled her. His brutal pounding seemed to go on forever as she had lost all 
sense of time. He may have fucked her like this for a few minutes or for a few 
hours; she couldn't tell anymore. Finally, through her sobs, Valkyrie felt the 
man's cock empty itself in her cunt, a hot, wet, and dirty feeling. The unseen 
man savored the warmth of her body around his softening cock, running his hands 
over her sweat covered body and down to her heavy, hanging breasts as he caught 
his breath. Then he abruptly withdrew, abandoning her to the loneliness of her 
pain. 

After the man withdrew, Bobbie could hear the continued soft sounds of 
Valkyrie's weeping. The realization that her strong, seemingly invulnerable idol 
was being broken by these terrible men came as a shock to her. She was so use to 
depending on Valkyrie. Through the waves of pain engulfing her, Bobbie 
struggled, vainly trying to move her sweat soaked, nude body closer to 
Valkyrie's to let her know that she was not alone. Bobbie tried to ignore her 
pain; she to be strong for Val's sake. 

***********************************************************************
 
Two floors above , the Serb leader, Arkan, was watching a CNN broadcast about 
his captives. He had to laugh out loud at his own cleverness. Hiding the women 
here, among the captive Moslem and Croatian women he kept for the use of his 
men, had been brilliant. No one would find anything unusual about captive women 
here. But anonymously selling that tape of Bobbie being raped by the Mujihadeen 
fighters to a German news crew had been a stroke of genius. Now-three days after 
their capture- those fools in the West thought that it was the Moslems who had 
the women. Arkan watched as the flickering images on the screen changed to a 
heavily edited portion of that tape. It showed a close up of Bobbie's screaming 
face while the announcer sanctimoniously droned on about the ordeal of the two 
American women. The picture expanded into one showing Bobbie lying on her back 
with her feet tied above her as a bearded man stood between her legs raping her. 
Though the broadcaster had electronically distorted Bobbie's breasts and the 
obscene union of her body with his, the tape was still a powerful depiction of a 
brutal rape. The fear in Bobbie's face was evident even in the edited shots. 
Arkan felt his cock beginning to stir. Much more of this, he thought, and I'll 
have to go back to the basement.
 
The image changed again as Valkyrie's face appeared on the screen. It was a clip 
from an interview done months earlier on her ship where she was talking about 
how she was just as capable of combat as any man. Arkan's interest increased 
when the picture shifted to an earlier still shot of Valkyrie in a very short 
miniskirt and blouseless blazer. Arkan turned up the sound to hear the voice 
talking about something called "Tailhook". 

************************************************************************ 

The President leaned forward in his seat, his French fries forgotten for the 
moment as he devoted all his attention to what his pollster was saying.
 
" Ok! Let me see if Ah understand the focus group results. They want me to do 
"something", but they don't know exactly what. Is that it?" 

"Yes, Mr. President. The public has conflicting expectations about this 
situation, expectations based in their conflicting feelings about women in 
combat. They wish to see women have a role in the military, but they don't want 
to see them getting hurt- raped or killed. That's why seeing pictures of that 
female flyer being raped have produced such confused expectations. They want you 
to "Do something". As long as you are perceived as doing that- acting forcibly 
to avenge the attack on the woman- it will satisfy the group's expectations."
 
" Okay...then all Ah've got to do is launch a few cruise missiles at somebody, 
hold a press conference, and declare victory. No problem. Nothing is more 
Presidential than being the Commander-in-Chief. Then the whole matter will be 
over...right? Ah mean, they don't actually think Ah'm going to get those two 
girls back do they?" 

"Well sir, their expectations are rather low. They just want you act resolutely, 
to make someone pay. That will satisfy their minimum expectations. But if you do 
get the two pilots back, we estimate that your public ratings will go up between 
12 and 15 points. However, you must do something dramatic and forceful to 
establish a favorable position on this issue,... and you should act quickly. The 
public mood is volatile; it could turn negative without warning. You could be 
caught in an unfavorable position if a backlash against sending women into 
combat develops. In that case, you will lose between 8 and 11 approval points 
in the polls."
 
************************************************************************ 

Arkan was pleased to see that General Milosadic was no more than 15 minutes 
late. For someone with the General's ego, that was, Arkan knew, the equivalent 
of being early. He was apparently eager to see me, Arkan thought, or more likely 
to see my whores. He knew that for Milosadic his pride was very important. 
General Milosadic had commanded the Serb forces in the war with the Bosnian 
Turks and the Croat Ustashi until pressure from the Americans had eased him out 
after their filthy Dayton Accords had forced the Serbs to stop fighting- at 
least temporarily. Despite his supposed resignation, the General still commanded 
the loyalties of many of the officers in the Bosnian Serb Army and remained a 
powerful man. He was, Arkan knew, no friend of his since he and Arkan's patron 
in Belgrade were bitter enemies. But it never hurt to have a foot in both camps. 
They had done business frequently since the cease-fire. Arkan had money, and 
General Milosadic had access to more weapons- including heavy weapons from the 
stocks of the old federal Army- then he had men to use them. Arkan knew that the 
General did not trust or like him, that it enraged the General to be dependent 
on Arkan for the funds to maintain his influence with the officers of the 
fragmenting army. But he had no choice; for the cash to buy the continued 
loyalty of his officers-and his continued influence-, Milosadic had no 
alternative but to come to Arkan. In exchange for a few light weapons and that 
single antitank gun, Arkan provided him with enough Deutsch marks to keep his 
faction of the demoralized Bosnian Serb army from dissolving into another band 
of Balkans brigands. But Arkan had plans to get more from the General; he 
planned to use the General to gain control of a force of tanks and , more 
importantly, the men who could operate them. With that degree of military muscle 
behind him, Arkan believed that he would no longer be dependent on the whims of 
his masters in Belgrade. Then he would have enough firepower to get the war 
going again when the Americans finally got tired and left. To Arkan, the war was 
everything, his source of wealth, power, prestige, and women. He was determined 
to keep it from ending. After all, to his mind this was a war that had been 
going on for centuries. why should it have to end now? He knew that General 
Milosadic would never sell him those tanks. Milosadic was, Arkan knew, at heart 
one of those timid Appartchiks like those Arkan had bribed, bullied, or 
blackmailed dozens of times during his days in the Belgrade black-market before 
the war. The General would, however, give him those tanks if Arkan's estimate of 
his character was correct. If he were as angry at the Americans' humiliation of 
his country and as sexually repressed as Arkan believed, then Milosadic could be 
manipulated into a situation which would so compromise him that he would do 
anything to keep it secret. To make sure that the man would be his, he had his 
cameraman ready to film the General's fall from grace. Then the General would be 
tied to Arkan forever by a shared guilt just as Arkan's Tigers were tied to him 
by common war crimes.
 
After the money had changed hands, and General Milosadic had consumed several 
glasses of the local plum brandy; Arkan invited him to the hotel basement to see 
something "interesting". Intrigued, the General agreed, hoping that this was a 
prelude to fucking one of the women Arkan held captive in his rape camp cum 
brothel. He had done this several times before and had been surprised at how 
much he had enjoyed the feeling of power that came from the woman's 
helplessness. He had never done such things with a woman before. In truth, he 
had little experience with women before he meet Arkan. He was eager to savor 
that feeling of power again. It was unlike anything he had ever experienced 
before, better even than the thrill of commanding his soldiers. Leaving his 
bodyguards behind, the General followed Arkan down the stairs and into the 
brightly lit room. His first sight of Bobbie and Valkyrie froze him in his 
tracks. It was the most erotic scene he had ever witnessed.

He drank in the picture the two women made. Nearest to him he saw the figure of 
a tall, blonde woman, her muscular body shiny with its own sweat. Her heavy 
breasts almost purple with the trapped blood moved gently, seductively, with her 
labored breathing; their large red nipples pointing toward the floor as drops of 
sweat rolled off them and fell to the concrete. The woman's magnificent body 
actually seemed to quiver from the strain of her suspension, her muscles flexing 
as she struggled against the ropes suspending her. Her head was up to expose her 
face to his view, forced into that position by the rope gag running from her 
mouth to her bound elbows. Drool dripped out of the corner of the woman's mouth 
and ran down her chin. The look of agony on her tear stained face was, the 
General thought, magnificent, like the face of a woman in the agony of 
childbirth. Her pain was clear, visible beneath the helmet of her sweat soaked 
hair even with the narrow blindfold hiding her eyes. As he moved around her, the 
General could see her bare cunt, its lips red and swollen. Covering this most 
intimate part of her were streams of cum which had flowed out of her cunt to dry 
into a white scum covering the cunt lips and the prominent clitoris. 

The General moved past her to the second woman, a smaller brunette. 
Her more slender body was bound in the same torturous rope suspension. Her body 
gleamed in the harsh lights; the sweat covering her body made it shine as if she 
had been oiled. Her dark hair was also soaked with sweat and clinging to her 
scalp, giving him a clear view of her fine features and delicate ears. There 
were, the General saw, traces of tears running from beneath her blindfold. How 
beautiful, he thought. The agony was there as well in the set of her jaw and the 
way her body quivered with the spasms of muscles strained beyond their endurance 
by the bondage. The General reached out to touch her cum covered cunt. The woman 
jumped when he touched her; it was as if she had been hit with an electrical 
shock. Her shaven cunt was also encrusted with dried and not so dried cum, white 
stains on a delicate, red vagina. He ran his fingers along the woman's cunt lips 
and then traced her athletic leg to the sweat pooling in the back of her knee. 
The General then ran his hand forward to her well rounded ass cheeks and onto 
her smooth back. Kneeling, he traced his fingertips over the quivering muscles 
of her stomach to the medium size breasts hanging beneath. He took one of the 
elongated nipples in his fingers and rolled it between them, marveling at the 
size of it, not knowing that its swollen condition was the result of prolonged 
bondage with Arkan's fishing line. Sensing Arkan behind him, the General stood 
and turned to face him. 

"How long have they been hanging like this?" 

"Only an hour or two, though I suppose that it must seem longer to them. I am 
teaching them to follow orders; I think that is a necessary trait in a woman 
just as it is in a soldier. Which one do you want General? The blonde or the 
dark haired one?" 

The General hesitated for a moment. There was to his mind something not right, 
even for Arkan, in this. But the women were appealing helpless. He couldn't 
think for his throbbing cock. What did it matter he reasoned; everyone turned a 
blind eye to what happened to women captured by the other side in this war of 
ethnic cleansing. 

"I'll take the blonde one. She is beautiful, like one of the women on the 
American TV shows you see in Belgrade, eh. Like in BAYWATCH ... No, I have it. 
She is like the big, tough blonde woman on AMERICAN GLADIATORS , eh Arkan."
 
"Yes, just like in the American television. I'll lower the ropes holding them 
up; that will let us use their assholes. Much ...neater that way, don't you 
agree?", said Arkan as he gestured to Bobbie's cum strained cunt. 

************************************************************************ 

The President waved his hand at the collected Generals and Admirals, gesturing 
for silence.
 
"Ah've made up my mind. It is imperative that we respond with force to this 
outrageous act. The prestige and credibility of the Nation are at stake. We 
cannot allow these petty war criminals to diminish our prestige by raping this 
woman and getting away with it. It's different with these women involved; we 
cannot just wait and watch like we did when that male pilot was shot down back 
in my first term. We cannot just wait to see if they will get himself out of the 
shit by themselves. We have to act. We will launch a cruise missile attack on 
the barracks of the Bosnian Moslem forces at Vitez. We know it is sheltering a 
group of Mujihadeen. " 

"But Mr. President, what about the two flyers? Executing a cruise missile strike 
could inadvertently result in their deaths or lead to their executions! We don't 
even know that the Moslems have the women; there was no indication that the 
Moslems around Brcko had any weapons capable of downing the F-14. And why would 
they shot down our plane? With all due respect Sir, I thought we were on the 
same side. We need to wait until we can gain more information about where they 
are and who is holding them." 

" Ah feel your pain here, Admiral. But we must look at the big picture; action 
is demanded to preserve American credibility. We cannot let them get away with 
doing this sort of thing to American servicewomen. If we don't do something now 
the media will lynch us. We cannot be seen as weak or irresolute. We have 
identified one of the men in the film as Iranian. That's Moslem enough for me. 
Given the CIA's well known inability to find its own ass with both hands, that's 
probably the best they can do. We bomb them...NOW. Delta Force is on stand by in 
Hungary, as yo'all know. If we get the intelligence that will allow us to mount 
a rescue, Ah will certainly give the order. "
 
"Yes, Mr. President." 

"Which brings us to another problem, Admiral. Someone on that carrier- what is 
its name?.." 

"The Eisenhower, Sir." 

" Someone on the Eisenhower is going to have to take the blame for letting those 
two girls be captured. Ah want you to put together one of those boards to 
investigate the matter and come up with a name. Announce this with a Navy press 
release as soon as possible." 

"Ah..Yes Sir." 

"That will be all gentlemen. Ah'de like to be alone now." 

When all of them had left the room, the President carefully extracted a video 
tape from his desk and put it into the machine over the TV. Taking care to sit 
in the chair with its back to the secret service peephole, he settled in and hit 
the play button. An image of Bobbie being raped appeared on the large screen, an 
image with none of the electronic censorship of the newscasts. The President 
avidly watched as the man's cock penetrated Bobbie's cunt, his large cock 
disappearing entirely into her tiny hole. As he watched, the President's hand 
slid down his body until it rested on his hardening cock. He slowly stroked his 
member through his trousers, staring at the pictures of the young female aviator 
being assaulted. As he watched the rape unfolding on the screen in front of him, 
his fevered mind began to wander, substituting another woman's face for 
Bobbie's-a face from his own life. He smiled as the image of the woman on the 
screen was raped and humiliated, his mind transposing the two images into one. 
He sat up now, his hand freeing his erect cock and gripping it firmly as his 
favorite scene approached. When the bearded man knelt by Bobbie's pleading face, 
the Leader of the Free World began to stroke harder, knowing what came next and 
trying to time his climax with it. He imagined himself to be there at the rape, 
a powerful man among men- the leader of a male hunting pack. He saw himself 
bonded with these men, freed from his subservience to the women who had always 
dominated his life, women who he could never satisfy. In the actions of the man 
on the screen, he saw himself acting out his fantasy. He saw himself showing the 
Bitch his power. As the man's cock battered Bobbie's face and covered it with 
the remains of his cum, the President, imagined himself in that man's place and 
stroked his cock one last time to produce a thin stream of cum which shot half 
way to the TV screen before disappearing into the thick shag of the rug. 

*********************************************************************** 

Hidden inside a box in the basement of Arkan's hotel HQ, his cameraman, Dimrtri, 
sweated. The perspiration ran into his eyes, blurring his vision as he tried to 
keep his camera focused on the figure of the General. His assignment was to film 
the General fucking the American pilot, but his film school background kept 
drawing his attention back to the abused body of the American woman. She seemed 
to radiate pain and suffering, so much more than her smaller companion. He 
wished that he had chosen the big blonde earlier, but then he remembered the 
warm, tight feeling of the brunette's cunt and the soft, sweaty feeling of her 
skin under his hands. He smiled as he remembered the way her body had shaken as 
he fucked her, so helpless and vulnerable. Putting his thoughts aside, the man 
tried to concentrate on filming the General as he sodomized the muscular 
American woman. Valkyrie was hunched over on her knees, her face resting on its 
cheek on the rough concrete floor. Her hands and elbows remained tied behind her 
strong back; the rope gag now serving as a noose around her neck while its 
running end remaining tied to the ropes forcing her elbows together. The 
General's half nude form rested on his knees between the woman's widely spread 
legs as he fucked her exposed asshole. He was holding her by her muscular thighs 
as he pressed his cock deeper and deeper into her asshole. The woman's face was 
clearly visible despite her blindfold; it managed to convey perfectly the pain 
and humiliation she was experiencing. The intensity of the suffering reflected 
in her pain ridden face reminded the cameraman of some Church's religious 
painting of one of the martyrs. Even his idol Garone, he realized, had never 
been able to capture such erotic suffering on film. As he filmed, the woman's 
muscular body was being repeatedly forced forward across the concrete and then 
roughly jerked back by her attacker, scraping the swollen nipples of her tender 
breasts across the rough concrete with each of his bull like thrusts. 

Magnificent, he thought as he struggled to keep the viewfinder centered on her 
tortured face. Reluctantly, Dimrtri panned away from Val to Arkan as he 
sodomized the other American. Unlike the time he had filmed Valkyrie's rape in 
the barn when he had avoided filming his boss, he had orders to include Arkan 
today, to show the General and Arkan side by side assaulting the American women. 
Carefully, he panned from Arkan's smiling, bearded face down his hairy chest to 
the sweat shiny body of the woman underneath him, lying face up on her bound arm 
with her legs held in the air by Arkan. The cameraman panned from her pert 
breasts, bouncing with the force of her attacker's thrusts, to her agony filled 
face. He noted that her face was turned to her side, her blindfold removed, 
staring not at Arkan but at a suffering Val. 

************************************************************************
 
"That's it General! Fuck the bitch in her ass. That's the best place to fuck a 
woman. Her pain: your pleasure." 

The General said nothing in reply. He felt uncomfortable both in the man's 
familiarity and in having sex which another man present. But the excitement of 
raping this woman far outweighed his discomfort. Arkan was opening up a new 
world of pleasure to him; it would be churlish to rebuff the man. So, he smiled 
at Arkan and said nothing, concentrating instead on the tight hole he was 
plundering. His cock actually seemed to lengthen and grow harder if that were 
possible as he sank it deeper into the woman's small anus. Never had he felt 
such pleasure and such power. He gripped the woman's firm hips and stared down 
at the sight of his cock sawing in and out of her tiny anus. The feeling of 
holding unlimited power over this strong woman intoxicated him. She looked so 
strong and yet so vulnerable as she crouched there under him, her legs spread 
open to expose her abused cunt and asshole. 

Though Valkyrie could not understand the meaning of the words in Serbo-Croatian, 
she could sense the gleeful malice behind the words. Valkyrie had been driven to 
the edge of madness by the prolonged pain of her suspension compound as it was 
by the humiliation of multiple rapes by anonymous assailants. Now she had been 
thrown face down on the concrete and her ass obscenely raised to offer her 
vulnerable ass hole to a new attacker. Frantically, she strained her exhausted 
muscles, pulling vainly against her ropes. Her muscles flexed helplessly under 
her tanned skin as she struggled. Her ungagged mouth screamed pleas for mercy.
 
"PLEASEEE... NO MORE....LET ME ALONEEE!...AAGHEEEE!" 

Her body thrashed weakly in her ropes. Her arms remained tied securely at her 
wrists and elbows; her feet remained tied to the bench where Arkan had bound 
them when he lowered her to the floor. She felt so vulnerable at that point, her 
strong body trembling as she fearfully waited for the man to take her. At that 
moment she would have done anything, betrayed anyone, to gain a moment's relief. 
But no matter what she promised, or how earnestly she begged, the unseen men 
ignored her. She sacrificed her pride and self-respect for no purpose. Instead, 
she felt the painfully familiar burning sensation of a cock penetrating her 
anus. New pain and fear overwhelmed her, bring in their wake a deep sense of 
hopelessness. She would, she realized now, spend the rest of her life like this; 
no one would save her. She had been reduced to nothing more than a fuck hole for 
a gang of uniformed terrorists. The feelings of utter hopelessness overcame her. 
She could no longer resist. Valkyrie stopped struggling and let her body slump 
in the ropes, her face pressed against the cold concrete. She surrendered her 
body to her attacker. Only the involuntary clenching of her anal muscles 
continued to resist him as he penetrated her asshole. She could feel him sinking 
deeper into her back passage, producing a dull, burning pain as he forced her 
colon to expand to accommodate him. Loud sobs shock her body as the man's cock 
slowly borrowed its way into her. It felt to Valkyrie as if he were going to 
split her in two, as if he were shoving his arm up her ass rather than his cock. 
Still, she did not resist him. She had accepted his dominance over her. Her mind 
was mercifully blank. Though pleas for a mercy which these men did not possess 
poured from her lips, Valkyrie did not even know what she was saying. 

Arkan watched the General's introduction to sodomy with the smile of an 
indulgent teacher watching his star pupil's first science experiment. It was, he 
thought, far more pleasant that his own introduction to anal sex as a teenager 
at the hands of his two hundred pound cellmate. Still, he knew the General would 
never understand the mind of the woman beneath him until he had been on the 
bottom as well. Perhaps, he thought with a smile, that too could be arranged 
once he had the tape of the General fucking the American. Anyway, his own rape 
had happened a long time ago. Now he was the one on top, fucking a beautiful 
American flyer in the ass. He rode Bobbie harder, his cock plowing into her 
tight ass chute with all his power. He had never felt more powerful than he did 
at this moment with his cock embedded in the tight hot hole that was Bobbie's 
ass and with the General firmly caught in his honeyed trap. He fucked Bobbie 
with short, jack hammer like thrusts, expanding her tiny anal passage a 
millimeter at a time while he stared down at the profile of her beautiful young 
face. His cock felt as if it were being squeezed in a vise, the muscle 
contractions -accompanied by the captive brunette's deep sobs -gripping his cock 
felt like a strong hand. Harder and harder he fucked, his half nude, hairy body 
dripping sweat onto the nude body of his helpless victim. Her helplessness was 
an aphrodisiac for Arkan, driving him to fuck ever harder into Bobbie in an 
attempt to possess her totally, body and soul. 

Underneath Arkan, Bobbie grunted and moaned softly with each of those terrible 
thrusts into her ass chute. Exhausted from the pain of her prolonged suspension; 
she could not have resisted him even if she had not been bound. Bound as she was 
and immobilized by the weight of Arkan's huge body on top of her, Bobbie could 
only lie there helplessly as this evil man used her body in a painful and 
humiliating manner. The pain from his sodomy was ten times worse than the 
multiple rapes her cunt had endured earlier. Bobbie felt as if a tree limb were 
being shoved up her colon instead of a cock. Her ass was a solid mass of pain as 
the man's cock kept penetrating deeper into her. She wanted to scream, to plead; 
but the sight of Val crouching there beside her, sniveling and crying, stilled 
those screams. Bobbie was transfixed by the way Val looked so completely 
crushed, so totally dominated, by the gray haired man raping her ass. The sight 
of Val, her spirit apparently broken -begging incoherently, terrified Bobbie. 
She called out Val's name but there was no response. Val was, she thought, in 
another world. Bobbie stared across the floor at Val. She could see the other 
woman's red, raw cunt looking like an open wound, still dripping cum from the 
earlier rapes. Looming above her cunt, the older man's huge cock had spread 
Val's tiny sphincter open far beyond anything Bobbie would have believed 
possible. She saw the sweat rolling off Val's strong body as Val crouched there 
submissively, moaning and pleading. Bobbie could not believe the words pouring 
out of Val's mouth. 

"Please...please...don't hurt me any more...I'll do whatever you want...I'll be 
good..I will...don't...No.. please?" 

The General looked over at Arkan and ask in his language, " What is the bitch 
saying?"
 
Arkan smiled and replied in the same tongue, " She likes it. The bitch likes 
it!" 

This is all my fault, Bobbie thought. The plight of her idol made Bobbie's pain 
and humiliation seem unimportant, almost a kind of justice since, in Bobbie's 
guilt-tortured mind, she was the one who had caused Val's capture by telling 
Arkan where their pick-up point was located.. Val, she believed, was too smart 
and too tough for them to have captured if only she had kept her mouth shut. 
Bobbie embraced the pain now as penitence for betraying Val. As she tried to 
steel herself to be strong for Val's sake, the words of some German from a long 
forgotten college philosophy class came unbidden to her mind; 

"That which does not kill us, makes us stronger". 

For a moment, she had the crazy urge to laugh; obviously, she thought, that Kraut had never been fucked in 
the ass. 

Arkan's thrusts were shaking Bobbie's whole body now, making her clench the 
muscles in her ass. Bobbie tried to pull her self together , to relax and accept 
what this horrible man was doing to her and by doing so to regain some control 
over her own body. But her rapist had control; she could not take it back. She 
could only lie there and suffer, mentally and physically, struggling to even 
breath as the man's cock pounded into her with the force of a locomotive. With 
drool, snot, and tears streaming down her face, Bobbie could no longer even 
think. Her mind was a mass of pain. She was totally paralyzed by the brutality 
of Arkan's ass rape. She feared that it would go on forever. Finally, she felt 
the cock inside her stop its thrusts and then quiver as it emptied itself into 
her ass channel. She felt his hot cum fill her. Eventually, Arkan pulled out of 
her, dropping her legs to the concrete. Painfully, Bobbie rolled onto her side 
to look at Valkyrie. As she watched, the gray haired man pulled Valkyrie's ass 
hard into his crotch and held it there as he humped frantically into her ass. 
Then he abandon Valkyrie, allowing her to collapse face down on the concrete. 
Valkyrie's body was now stretched full length on the cold floor, her face turned 
away from Bobbie. Bobbie stared at her companion, taking in the sobs still 
periodically shaking her muscular body. She was appalled by the sight of 
Valkyrie's wide open ass hole- a red raw open wound between her perfect ass 
cheeks, still dripping man cum. Bobbie whispered to her. 

"Val? Val...... please, you're going to be OK; I know it. We'll get out of this 
somehow. I'm so sorry Val. It's all my fault."
 
*********************************************************************** 

Valkyrie had no idea how long it had been since the man had stopped using her 
ass. She still lay on the concrete floor, her arms bound tightly behind her 
back. Now she could see though; her blindfold was gone. . She could breath 
freely for the first time since they had strung her up in those ropes hours ago. 
She could not see Bobbie. A few feet away Arkan and a distinguished gray haired 
man, both nude to the waist, sat on benches at a rough table eating, drinking, 
and laughing. The faint aroma of their food carried to her, making her realize 
how hungry she was. Valkyrie could not remember the last time she had eaten 
anything. She watched them with her half closed eyes, being careful not to move 
for fear they would begin the torture again if they knew she was awake. She 
could not prevent a shutter at the thought of more abuse. God, she thought, 
please make it stop. 

Her involuntary movement had not gone unnoticed. Arkan stood and walked to where 
she was laying. In his hand was a piece of salami. He waived it in front of her 
as he taunted her. 

"Ah, Valkyrie- the great American hero is awake. Good, I am in the mood for 
another "Ride of the Valkyrie". Hmmm, ready for another ride, whore?" 

The General's head came up at Arkan's words. Though he did not speak 
English, he recognized one of Arkan's words. In the Serbo-Croatian 
they shared, he ask, 

"Valkyrie? Amerikana? What do you mean. ?" 

"My General, these are the American whores everyone is looking for, don't you 
see. What a great Joke on the stupid Americans. They think the Muslims have 
them. Don't worry. No one will ever know about this. It will be our secret. 
Valkyrie? That is the name this whore gave herself, her..callsign it is called. 
She calls herself a Valkyrie after the women goddesses in German myth who carry 
the fallen warrior to heaven. Appropriate, is it not, my General? She has been 
"transporting " a lot of Serb warriors to heaven since she came to be in my 
care." Improvising further, he continued at a rapid pace, " After all the 
Americans had done to cheat the Serbs, to deny us what is ours with this Dayton 
Accord of theirs, and after the way they screwed you, I thought you should have 
the opportunity to screw one of them. To take the American Navy's woman. It is 
my gift to you. She is an officer in their Navy, you know. A Lieutenant. Of 
course, no one else will ever know. Do you think I am crazy? Don't worry, they 
will disappear soon. Then you and I will be the only ones who know. It will be 
our little secret. Come, let me show you what these two whores can do."
 
Drunken with lust and fascinated by the idea of striking a blow at the hated 
Americans, General Milosadic accepted Arkan's lies at face value. He was 
distracted by his thoughts. He had fucked an American Navy officer. The idea 
fascinated him. He had possessed one of the almighty Americans' whores. He had 
fucked the American whore officer in her ass. He had screwed the Americans! 
These thoughts kept running through his mind. Arkan was right, he thought, it 
was a great joke. A smile spread over his craggy face at the thought of it.
 
Determined to keep the General distracted, Arkan cast about for something to 
capture his attention. Then he realized that the woman was staring hungrily at 
the sausage in his hand. An idea leaped into his mind. With the General's help, 
he put both the women on the bench, sitting facing each other. Taking the loose 
end of the rope gag which now encircled Valkyrie's neck like a noose, he tied it 
to the bench behind her back, forcing her to lean back and support her weight on 
her still bound hands, bracing them on the bench top behind her back. Then he 
took the remaining 2/3's of the salami that they had been eating and pushed one 
end into Valkyrie's cunt. Quickly, he and the General forced Bobbie's cunt up 
against Valkyrie's by putting one leg over and one leg under in a scissors and 
then fed her cunt the remaining half of the hard, greasy sausage. Then they tied 
the running end of Bobbie's noose- the rope gag now rested around her neck- to 
the bench behind her so that both leaned away from each other- their weight 
supported by their bound hands- with their sausage filled cunts hard against 
each other. As the General admired their positioning, skipping around them like 
a schoolboy, Arkan tied his familiar nylon fishing line around each of their 
nipples. In a moment, each man had two thin lines in his hands which were used 
in the manner of a puppeteer to control the women as they ordered the two flyers 
to fuck each other or have their nipples ripped off!. 

Bobbie could feel the warmth of Valkyrie's cunt touching her, rubbing against 
her clit. The idea of touching Val there aroused her despite her shame at being 
forced to masturbate in front of these men. The feeling of the salami inside her 
was not unpleasant; her cunt had been so expanded by her earlier rapes that 
there was no discomfort there. She experimented by carefully moving her hips 
back an inch, letting the sausage slip part way out of her cunt, and then moving 
back toward Val until their clits made contact in an electric sensation. Val 
stared angrily at her without moving until the General used one of the nylon 
lines to jerk on Valkyrie's sore, swollen nipples, the lines tightening around 
the nipples' tips until they bulged obscenely. Valkyrie moaned as her body moved 
forward involuntarily, rubbing their clits together. Another pull on the 
nipples, and Valkyrie was moving her hips slowly in imitation of Bobbie. The two 
women appeared to be fucking each other as they fell into a rhythm by which they 
came together and then pulled apart, alternatively revealing and engulfing the 
red salami connecting the two aviator's cunts. Bobbie stared at Val, her breath 
becoming increasingly ragged as she became more and more aroused by the sight of 
her idol's nude sweaty body. She could see Val's nipples being tormented by the 
heavy set, gray haired man, making them stand out from her heavy breasts and 
turn a purple red with the trapped blood. Then she felt the same pain as Arkan 
began to pull on the lines around her nipples. Slowly, one at a time, he 
tightened them until her nipples were duplicates of Val's swollen rosebuds.

 Bobbie welcomed the pain of this; it was something she was sharing with Valkyrie. 
Bobbie fucked harder on the sausage inside her, carefully keeping her movements 
in time with Val's irregular hip movements. She stared at Val's face, which was 
an expressionless mask. Bobbie's face was a bright red, a mirror of her 
embarrassment and her excitement. Across from her Val stared in distaste at her 
companion. She wondered how the little bitch could be enjoying this terrible 
degradation. All too aware of the eyes of the two leering men- and the pain they 
were inflicting on her much abused nipples-Valkyrie seethed with repressed 
anger. She longed to strike back at the men torturing her- and at Bobbie as 
well. But she was too afraid to defy the men. Instead she fucked the salami. It 
felt good! 

Especially when Bobbie's clit rubbed against her own. It was the 
first time sex had not meant pain since she had been captured. She 
tried to relax , but the pain in her breasts and her aversion to 
lesbian sex prevented that. As the two women fucked each other with 
the sausage as if it were a dildo, Valkyrie could not avoid beginning 
to feel arousal. No enough to get off on, for she was afraid; but 
enough to make her wet. This became apparent as sucking sounds began 
to come from the women's cunts. First from Bobbie's cunt and then, to 
her disgust, from her own, came the slippery sounds. The men found 
this very amusing. Using his fingers to investigate, Arkan declared,
 
"So, you're getting hot. You are a slut. A dirty, deviant slut just like your 
slut friend!" 

Valkyrie was humiliated! But she could not deny the truth of his first 
observation. She was getting hot. She leaned back, resting more of her weight on 
her arms to allow her to thrust harder into Bobbie's cunt, searching for the 
smaller woman's clit with her own.
 
She found Bobbie matching her thrust for thrust, pressing into 
Valkyrie's cunt with her own until the sodden salami entirely 
disappeared within their cunts. Again and again they fucked the 
sausage, now finding its narrow diameter a disappointment where a 
moment earlier they had been grateful for that narrowness. Valkyrie 
was panting, her sweat soaked chest heaving with each breath as she 
rubbed herself against her friend. Bobbie cried out to her, 

"VAL...I'M ALMOST...THERE...VAL....VAL!" 

As soon as she spoke, Arkan grabbed Bobbie, pulling her away from Valkyrie's 
hips and dislodging the salami from her cunt. Valkyrie grunted helplessly; now 
she had nothing to friction herself against. Frantically, she tried to hump the 
bench itself to bring herself off. 

She heard Arkan's hated voice. 

"No, sluts! It is not time for you to have any fun yet. Its time for you to go 
back to work again....whores!" 

Valkyrie cried in frustration as he dragged her to the floor and onto her knees 
beside Bobbie, their necks still tied to the bench. She had been so close. 
Valkyrie could see by Bobbie's face that she had not reached her climax either. 
Valkyrie felt a moment's satisfaction at that. Arkan reached down to her cunt 
and pulled the soggy salami out of her. The motion of the dildo/sausage almost 
brought her off. Then she was looking at the salami as Arkan held it inches from 
her face. She could see that it was limp now, saturated with the spendings of 
both their vaginas. Its color was even different, a paler red. It was so close 
that she could smell it, a mixture of spicy meat and a woman's cunt- her cunt 
and Bobbie's. 

Arkan held it before her and smiled. "There is something in your Geneva 
Convention about feeding prisoners, is there not. Don't say I never gave you 
anything. I'm giving you this sausage. Enjoy it, whore." He held it out to her 
after reversing it so that the portion which had been inside Bobbie was offered 
to her. Valkyrie stared at it, her disgust evident on her face. 

"Eat it whore! Or I'll hang you up again..... forever!" 

Valkyrie opened her mouth and slowly leaned forward to close her lips around a 
chunk of the warm, cunt flavored salami. Closing her eyes , she bit down, 
tearing it off and chewing the tough meat. Valkyrie could taste the meat, the 
spices, and the fat in the salami. God, she was hungry! She could also taste 
something else, strong and almost sweet on her tongue. It was, she knew, 
Bobbie's taste. It filled her mouth. The taste was not bad, but Valkyrie could 
not keep herself from gagging on the piece of meat. She was eating another 
woman's cunt! The very thought disgusted her. She gagged again; then she forced 
herself to keep chewing until she could force the meat down. But the taste 
lingered. 

Arkan held the sausage out to Bobbie, offering her the end which had been in 
Valkyrie's cunt. Without hesitation, Bobbie took the meat into her mouth, 
tearing it off with her strong, white teeth. She chewed it slowly, savoring the 
taste of Valkyrie as well as the sausage. Bobbie swallowed it and held her mouth 
open for another. 

Arkan offered another piece to Valkyrie. This time one from the end 
which had been in her own cunt. He smiled at the look of distaste on 
the bound woman's face as she consumed this tidbit of flavored salami 
as well. He fed them alternately, offering each a mix of meat flavored 
with her own juices and those of her companion. Obediently, the women 
ate the morsels he offered them. Valkyrie was humiliated by this, 
grimacing at the thought of where the meat had been. Bobbie ate the 
proffered meat willingly. When there was no more sausage, Arkan told 
them, 

"Now for something to drink. You will have to work for your cocktails though!"
 
Smiling at his own witticism, Arkan opened his pants to offer his cock to Bobbie 
while the General watched. The two women knelt side by side in front of the 
bench, their faces at the level of the men's crotches. Arkan reached down to 
recover one of the thin nylon lines, the one tied to Bobbie's right nipple.
 
"Use this to control her; she'll do whatever you want after a few pulls on her 
tits!" 

To demonstrate, Arkan gave a sharp tug on his line. Bobbie moaned and arched her 
back in response, inadvertently offering her pert breasts up to Arkan for more 
punishment. Arkan toyed with her nipple, stretching it and then giving a 
moment's respite before repeating the process as Bobbie squirmed and moaned in 
response. He held his cock to her face with one hand and switched to English to 
order her to lick his cock. As Arkan stretched and tormented her tit, Bobbie 
extended her tongue and ran it up the sensitive underside of Arkan's cock. She 
licked it slowly, between moans, caressing the man's cock with the tip of her 
tongue. She could taste her shit on his cock; it was bitter on her tongue. 
Goaded by the pain from her breast, she frantically licked Arkan's cock, using 
her tongue to remove all traces of her shit and his cum and leave his cock erect 
and shiny with her saliva. Arkan grasp her by her short dark hair and held her 
head motionless as he slowly inserted his huge cock into her open mouth. Without 
pausing to allow the young flyer time to adjust to the sudden invasion, Arkan 
sheathed his cock inside Bobbie's mouth and throat. He forced it down her throat 
until Bobbie's nose was buried in his foul smelling cock hair. Bobbie's face 
turned red as she tried, and failed, to breath around the cock filling her mouth 
and throat. He held his cock motionless inside her until he could see Bobbie's 
eyes begin to roll up in her head. Only then did he relent and pull half of his 
cock out of her mouth, leaving the head resting on her soft tongue while Bobbie 
tried to suck air into her starved lungs. After only a few seconds, Arkan again 
buried his cock inside her hot, wet throat, cutting off the young woman's air 
and forcing her to suck frantically on his cock as she tried vainly to draw air 
around it. Only when Bobbie was again ready to pass out from oxygen deprivation 
did Arkan partially withdraw his cock and allow her to suck in enough oxygen to 
remain conscious for a few more moments. He toyed with her, using his cock to 
torture her. 

The General watched Arkan for few moments before he turned to the frightened 
Valkyrie. He grasp both of the lines connected to Valkyrie's huge, swollen 
nipples. He drew the lines taunt, then slowly pulled harder as if he would lift 
her off her knees by her breasts. Valkyrie leaned back in her pain, a moan 
escaping her lips. The General grinned down at her as he pulled harder, 
tormenting her breasts; he turned to Arkan and demanded: 

" Tell the American Whore to lick my boots! Tell her!" 

Arkan smiled, " Excellent General, you have the heart of a sadist". Then, 
switching to English, he said, " VALKYRIE!, lick his boots, whore!" 

The agonized Valkyrie looked up at him and then at the General. The pain from 
her stretched breasts was consuming her; she had no heart left to defy these 
men. When the General loosened his grip on the lines attached to her nipples, 
she bent forward at the waist and brought her face down to the level of the 
man's highly polished boots. Valkyrie could see a distorted reflection of her 
face in the toe of the boot. She closed her eyes and reached out with her 
tongue. She felt it touch the leather of his boots; the leather tasted bitter to 
her tongue. Hating herself, she began to lick, covering the toe with her saliva. 
When she had slobbered enough over that toe, the General nudged her to the other 
boot with the wet leather of his boot. Again, Valkyrie went through the 
humiliation of licking the man's boot. She had almost finished making the toe of 
that boot shiny with her saliva when the General suddenly jerked her up. He used 
the lines attached to her breasts to pull her up. Valkyrie screamed at the 
sudden pain. She tried to get to her feet, but the line around her neck stopped 
her. She fell back to her knees before the General. Imitating Arkan, he used one 
hand to hold her by her short blonde hair as the other hand guided his cock into 
her half open mouth. In her fear and anger, Valkyrie thought about biting his 
cock off! but she was afraid. She did not resist as he forced his cock into her 
mouth, allowing him to thrust it down her throat. Her mind told her to bite 
down, to strike back at them. She tried to make her jaw clamp down and bite off 
the man's cock. She could not make herself do it. They had broken her. She was 
afraid- afraid of dying and afraid of not dying if she did it. Shocked at the 
depths to which she had fallen, she submitted passively to the man's cock. He 
used her hair to force her mouth back and forth on his cock, making her mouth 
fuck his cock. Valkyrie was gagging with each thrust as the cock rode over her 
tongue and its head struck her pharynx. She struggle for breath as he brutally 
fucked her mouth, barely drawing enough oxygen from around his cock to keep from 
suffocating. All Valkyrie could see was the man's hairy crotch pressing against 
and retreating from her face. All she could think about was how this cock in her 
mouth had been inside her ass just moments before. Mercifully, she could not 
understand the words the man raping her was screaming out. 

"SUCK ME WHORE! TAKE MY COCK..TAKE ALL OF IT YOU WHORE.. 
..FEEL A REAL MAN'S COCK..A SERB'S.. I AM THE WINNER HERE.. 
YOU ARE NOTHING, YOU FILTHY AMERICAN,.FEEL MY POWER!" 

Her whole world was now reduced to just the cock raping her mouth and the hairy 
loins around it. Valkyrie moved her tongue, using it to caresses the sensitive 
underside of the man's cock. She was trying to speed his climax, to escape the 
brutal rape of her mouth even at the cost of pleasing his man. Regardless, the 
man's cock continued to thrust in and out of her mouth, raping her throat as if 
it were her cunt. The General held Valkyrie by her hair as he fucked into her 
mouth, bruising the woman's lips with his powerful strokes. Her strangled grunts 
and the liquid sounds his cock made as it traveled in and out of her mouth were 
the only counterparts to the grunts of the gray haired, heavy set General. 
Valkyrie felt helpless as she knelt there, her sweat soaked, muscular body held 
immobile by his hand in her hair. On and on the cock raped her mouth in a 
seemingly unending, machinelike motion. Valkyrie's mind lost track of the time 
as she struggle to breath. Suddenly, the man stopped fucking her mouth; instead 
he held his cock in his fist with its head almost touching the soft, sweaty skin 
of her chin. He pumped it once, then twice, before it began spewing his hot, 
sticky white cum over her face. The substance covered her chin and cheeks, 
squirted into her gasping mouth, and even shot into her eyes and onto her 
forehead. He covered her entire face with his cum, leaving her with a white 
mask. When the burning cum stopped hitting her face, Valkyrie dared to look up 
into the man's face. What she saw before she dropped her gaze was terrifying; 
the man's face was a mask of hate glaring silently down at her. He did not put 
away his cock. He continued to stroke it as he stared down at her. Without 
warning, another burst of hot liquid hit her face. It was a moment before 
Valkyrie realized that the burning, foul smelling liquid was not more of his 
cum. It was his urine! He was pissing on her face! Laughing, he directed the 
stream across her cum covered face, washing the cum away so that it mixed with 
the piss; the vile combination ran off her face and down onto her breasts and 
torso to fall onto the cold concrete. Valkyrie could not move; her shock was 
total. She could only crouch there helpless, his fist in her hair, as he pissed 
in her face. Her humiliation was complete; the man was using her as his toilet. 
Valkyrie did not think she could sink any lower. The man's cum already filled 
her ass; now her face was covered with his cum and piss. She wanted to die! 
Beside her Arkan was still fucking Bobbie's mouth. He continued to torment her 
by thrusting his cock down her throat, cutting off her air, until she was about 
to pass out from the lack of oxygen. Then he would withdraw his cock just enough 
to allow her to breath- for a few seconds- before he began suffocating her again 
with his cock. Crouching at his feet, Bobbie gagged and whimpered helplessly. 
Arkan continued to torture her nipple even now, as a result of which her right 
nipple had swollen to twice the size of its twin. As he watched the General rape 
Valkyrie's mouth and then cum all over her face, his slow thrusts picked up 
speed. When he saw the General piss on the proud woman's face, Arkan could not 
hold himself back any longer. He thrust his cock into her throat one more time 
and then pulled out to empty himself on Bobbie's upturned, panic stricken face. 
He covered the young flyer's face with his cum, coating her chin and cheeks with 
the sticky white substance as she gasped frantically for breath. Then he stepped 
back; the two female flyers exchanged fearful glances at each others faces, 
covered as they were with the men's spendings, wondering fearfully what more 
these men would do to them.
 
"Excellent work, General! Excellent! You really know how to put a woman in her 
place. Do you mind if I borrow her for a small task?" Without waiting for an 
answer, he switched to English and told Valkyrie, " I want you to lick your 
friend's face clean. Or would you rather go back to hanging from the ceiling 
while my men fuck you?" 

Obediently, Valkyrie leaned over to Bobbie. For a moment, she stared in 
revulsion at the cum covering Bobbie's face. Then a jerk on her nipple wires 
overcame her reluctance, and she began to lick Bobbie. Slowly, she cleaned the 
younger woman's face, inch by painful inch, of the sticky cum. Bobbie remained 
motionless as Val's tongue worked over her face, her eyes never leaving Val's. 
The delicate sensation of Val's tongue licking her skin made Bobbie squirm, 
exciting her sexually despite all she had been through. Even the strong odor of 
urine clinging to Valkyrie's face did not disturb her pleasure in Val's touch. 
For Valkyrie, the task was very distasteful and made more so by the obvious 
expression of pleasure on Bobbie's face. That was worse than the foul taste of 
Arkan's cum covering Bobbie's face. Controlling her anger, Valkyrie continued 
until she had licked and swallowed every bit of Arkan's cum, leaving Bobbie's 
smooth face clean and shiny with her saliva. 

The two men had one final indignity for Valkyrie. They forced both her and 
Bobbie to stretch out on the floor facing each other. Using the ropes still 
around both their necks, Arkan pulled their faces into each other cunts. He 
brought the running end of the rope over their heads and tied it to the other 
woman's bound arms. Then the men tied each woman's feet tightly together, 
trapping their heads in each other's crotches. Valkyrie's face was pressed 
against Bobbie's cunt, which was still dripping cum from the earlier gang rapes. 
Bobbie's face was similarly nestled against Valkyrie's cum and piss covered 
cunt. Valkyrie recoiled at the smell and taste of Bobbie's cunt. Reluctantly, 
she accepted that she would have to endure this perverse arrangement. Then she 
felt the light touch of Bobbie's tongue on her cunt. She could not believe this! 
How could she have taken Bobbie under her wing, lived in the same room even, 
with this pervert. Frantically, she tried to protest, to order Bobbie to stop. 
But her words were muffled by Bobbie's cunt; nothing came out except indistinct 
sounds. Valkyrie felt as if she were being raped again-this time by Bobbie! In 
her mind she cried out for an end to these assaults. Struggling as best she 
could within the confines of her perverse bondage, Valkyrie tried to scream out 

"NO..LEAVE ME ALONE"! 

end part 3/6 




*********************************************************** 
NIGHTMARE IN BOSNIA Part 4(REVISED) 
by conwic@aol.com 

The tall, gaunt figure of Alexander Petrovic sat on his chair outside Arkan's 
office and sharpened his knife. That was what he did now that there was no 
fighting; he sharpened his knife, and he drank. He was bored and frustrated, 
just like he had been before the war- before Arkan had found him.. While the 
fighting had been going on, Alexander had a place and a purpose. Despite his 
slender build, he had been Arkan's best killer, especially adapt when the victim 
was a bound prisoner helplessly waiting to have his throat cut like a hog in a 
slaughterhouse. Now he was just another one of Arkan's bodyguards, though not 
one Arkan cared to be seen with in public. 

After allowing Valkyrie and Bobbie two days in their separate rooms to recover, 
Arkan had decided to give the two women a sample of the life of the Serbs' other 
female captives, the Moslem and Croatian women in the rape camp occupying the 
top two floors of Arkan's hotel headquarters. Alexander had been told to see to 
it, for Alexander had a "way" with women, a "way" based on his apparent 
unrelenting hatred of anything female. After their breakfast- two slices of 
stale bread-he prepared Bobbie for her morning's work. Then he took Valkyrie to 
work in the soldiers' living quarters. Alexander took her to the second floor 
and paired her with an older woman. They made a strange couple. The slender, 
older woman, who was half Valkyrie's height and weight with a nap of the neck 
length bob of reddish brown hair, was dressed in the ruins of what had once been 
a stylish blue business suit while Valkyrie, her short, blonde hair matted and 
tangled, had been given a size- too- small T shirt and some man's cast-off 
camouflaged pants to replace her destroyed flight suit. Both were barefoot. 
Valkyrie noted with a sad surprise the bulging stomach of the petite older 
woman, clearly visible under the ruins of her suit. The thought of bearing the 
child of her rapists sent a shudder up her spine. She knew that she had not 
taken any birth control pills since she was shot down; though she had lost track 
of time, she also knew her body was telling her that she was near ovulation. Her 
mind occupied with these unhappy thoughts, Valkyrie followed as the large, 
slovenly looking soldier led them to one of the common bathrooms on the floor. 
When Alexander opened the door the stench was appalling-a combination of vomit 
and shit which overflowed the toilet and covered the floor. He pointed to the 
corner where their cleaning equipment rested, a pile of rags and a bucket. Then 
the sullen Alexander took his place outside the door on a wooden chair, a bottle 
of plum brandy never leaving his left hand as he mechanically stropped his large 
knife against the leather of his boot with his right hand. 

Valkyrie stared helplessly at the filth surrounding her, appalled at her task. 
The smaller woman exhibited no such hesitation; she calmly picked up the bucket, 
filled it in the tub, and began to clean. Reluctantly, Valkyrie joined her on 
her knees on the feces encrusted floor and began to pick at the filth with her 
wet rag.
 
Alexander stared suspiciously at the two of them, the Croatian lawyer bitch and 
the big American slut, as they worked. He heartily approved of Arkan's policy of 
cleansing Serbian soil of such foreign filth as the once arrogant female lawyer. 
To him, these women were the willing allies of the Turski neprijatelj, the 
Moslem enemy, which had threatened Serbia for centuries. It was women such as 
these who were trying to destroy the Serbs traditional way of life, to 
emasculate the Serb's manhood which was the source of Serbia's strength. He had 
suffered enough under such "modern" women to know how evil they were. Hadn't it 
been a woman judge who had sent him to jail and cost him his position at the 
school. Well, he thought, this lawyer bitch had learned her lesson; she was the 
best behaved whore they had. He smiled as he thought of how they had taught her 
that the only things she was good for were fucking and cleaning and bearing 
strong Serb children. He would see that the American slut learned the same 
thing. The thought made him smile again; the unaccustomed expression gave his 
clean shaven face an unpleasant resemblance to a grinning skull. 

Valkyrie worked the wet but soapless rag against the dried shit and vomit caked 
around one side of the base of the single toilet while the other woman worked on 
the opposite side. She could not help gagging repeatedly from the stench; nor 
could she help feeling sorry for herself. Capture, rape, torture, and now 
degrading, menial labor had stripped Valkyrie of her pride and her self 
assurance. She was an empty shell of her former self. No longer the self assured 
woman fighter pilot, now she felt and acted like a frightened victim, exactly 
the sort of woman she had formerly held in contempt. All that she had left now 
was her hatred. Silently, she worked. As she worked, she could feel the filth 
coating her hands and penetrating under her fingernails, covering her with the 
stench of her rapists' excretions. Tears trickled down her face as she worked. 

"Americakana?", came in a faint whisper.

 Valkyrie kept her head down, too frightened to respond to the whisper
 from the other woman. 

"Are you Arkan's ..flyer?', came the whisper again. 

Cautiously, Valkyrie looked out of the corner of her eye to see the older woman 
smiling encouragingly at her. Carefully, Valkyrie nodded, reluctant to even 
speak for fear of attracting the guard's attention. 

"You are right to be afraid of them. They hate us. They will destroy you if you 
let them." 

"Fuck!", Valkyrie softly swore, " How am I going to stop them. 
They've already raped me!" 

"They rape us all. They rape any women who look them in the eye. They hate any 
one..but mostly woman.. that is smarter, richer, or better than they. It hurt 
their pride! But you can no fight them....no openly. You must do what they tell 
you but keep some of you hidden away, safe from fists and penises. Then you 
survive. If no, you go crazy!" 

Valkyrie stared at her, unsure what to say in response. She wanted to tell the 
older woman of her anger, of how helpless she felt when they raped her. She 
wanted to tell her about how much she longed to strike back, to hurt someone for 
what had been done to her. She also wanted to laugh. Was the woman crazy, she 
wondered. How could she keep anything hidden from these monsters. They had 
already stripped her of everything she had and turned her inside out. She was 
about to tell the women that she was a fool when the guard intervened. 

"REDITI!", Alexander shouted at the two, ordering them to work. Afraid that they 
were somehow conspiring, he left his chair and bottle to stand above the women, 
letting them know that he knew what they were doing, that he was not to be 
fooled. 

Inch by degrading inch, the two women cleaned the floor, bloodying their fingers 
as they scrubbed until the floor was spotless. As they labored, Alexander stood 
above them. When they had finished, he shoved them together at the front of the 
commode. He smiled down at them as he opened his pants. With his knife still 
dangling from his right hand, Alexander extracted his cock with his left, 
pointed it at Valkyrie's face, and pantomimed for her to service his cock with 
her mouth. Reluctantly, Valkyrie did as he ordered, taking two thirds of his 
long, strong smelling penis inside her mouth in order to suck on it as she ran 
her tongue along the sensitive underside of the cock. Desperately, the once 
proud pilot tried to bring the man off with her mouth, her head bobbing up and 
down on his cock as she sucked on him whorishly, loud, wet sounds coming from 
her mouth and her salvia dripping from her open mouth down the shaft of his 
cock. Alexander did not last long. He grabbed her short, blonde hair in one hand 
to hold her face against his groin as he came, filling her mouth with large 
amounts of his hot cum which Valkyrie had no choice but to swallow. When he was 
finished cumming, he held her face a few inches from her face and smiled down at 
her. Taking his cock in one hand, he pointed it at her face and began to piss. A 
stream of hot, yellow piss hit Valkyrie in her face, stunning her with the sheer 
humiliation of such an act. He sprayed both the women, covering their faces and 
hair with his stinking yellow fluid. When he finished, both women were drenched 
in his warm piss and were kneeling in a pool of it. Throughout it all, Valkyrie 
had not moved. Her mind was in shock; she could only stare up at the grinning 
man towering above her.
 
"RADITI!' 

********************************************************************** 

While Valkyrie was busy in the soldiers' latrine, Bobbie was also hard at work 
on her back. At Arkan's direction Alexander had put her name on the women's duty 
rooster for that morning, which meant that she would have to "service" at least 
six soldiers before noon. The soldiers would enter the floor and have their 
names checked against a rooster by one of two sergeants sitting at a rickety 
desk by the stair well. If they were on the list, the time was noted beside 
their name and they were allowed to wander the hall until they had chosen a 
woman. They had thirty minutes before an NCO would come looking for them. 
Selection was simple. If the door to a woman's room was open, the woman within 
was available; if not, she was already being used by another soldier. 
Most of the women worked without bonds, but Alexander had tied Bobbie on her 
back on top of her bed. She was nude. Her hands were tied elbow to elbow behind 
her back, forcing her to lay on them in an uncomfortable half recline. A rope 
was tied around her neck and secured to the metal head of the cot. Her legs were 
spread and forced back until her knees almost touched her cone shaped breasts. 
Then they were bound to the metal frame with one rope to the head of the bed to 
keep her feet up and another rope to the metal frame directly beneath her feet 
to keep them spread, leaving her sex exposed, vulnerable, and defenseless. She 
was positioned so that her once pristine- now swollen, red, and open- vagina was 
on display to anyone looking in the open door. In fact, all the charms of the 
athletic, boyish young flyer were clearly displayed as she laid there exposed to 
the stares of horny soldiers clustering around the open door. Most noticeable 
were her pert breasts, their perfect cone shape intact even as she lay there on 
her back with their large red nipples hardening involuntarily in the cold air so 
that her nipples stood straight up like twin nose cones. From her tear stained 
face to her athletically muscular legs, Bobbie's body radiated a clean cut 
sexuality which had not been seen inside these walls in a long time. The effect 
she had on the soldiers was electric. From 9 AM on, Bobbie's room was visited by 
a steady stream of men. There were so many that they soon formed a line outside 
the door. After the first man, the others did not even bother to close the door, 
but left it open so their waiting comrades could watch and shout encouragement 
to the man on top of Bobbie. Man after man used her body to relieve themselves, 
brutally mounting her and thrusting into her open cunt. Some used her perfect 
breasts for handles; others simply lay hunched over on top of her, their breath 
hot against her cheek as they kissed and licked her face. Bobbie tried to close 
her eyes and think of something else, of Val. But the sound of the men- rutting, 
laughing, and shouting obscenities- as much as their actual penetration breached 
her meager defenses, humiliating her. The physical pain had receded once the 
first man's spendings had lubricated her, but the humiliation grew stronger with 
each man. She could only lie there and endure as the men used her cruelly, 
softly grunting when the thrusts were especially brutal and quietly crying when 
they were not. She lost track of how many men had raped her. They all merged 
into one large, sweaty male body lying atop her's, the cock filling and 
stretching her small vaginal passage as they pumped it into her. She could feel 
the bed underneath her growing sodden from the cum dripping out of her cunt. 
Still the men came. 

************************************************************************ 

While Valkyrie finished recleaning the toilet floor, Alexander sent away the 
older woman. When Valkyrie's task was completed, he stripped her of her piss 
soaked clothes. Forcing her face to the wall, he tied her hands behind her back 
in a fashion new to her. Each wrist was bound; then the arm was forced up behind 
her back until her wrist was just below her shoulder blades. At that point, the 
other end of the piece of rope was tied around her neck, forcing her to keep her 
hand uncomfortably high in her back or choke herself. When Alexander was 
satisfied that each arm was tied securely, he ran his hands over Valkyrie's 
muscular body, sending a new shiver of fear through her. Valkyrie braced herself 
for another rape; instead, the man led her back to the floor where she was being 
kept. Rather than taking her to her room, he led her to another room, one whose 
door was open. 

Inside she saw a woman lying on the bed, her arm across her face as if to shield 
herself from her surroundings. Valkyrie saw without surprise that the woman was 
nude, her mature body showing bruises around her large breasts and the insides 
of her thighs. Her body had, Valkyrie could see, been voluptuous but was now 
thinning noticeably, save for her breasts. The woman let her arm drop and stared 
at them indifferently. The woman's Slavic face with its thick sensuous lips and 
high cheek bones framed by long almost black hair retained its sexual allure 
despite the emptiness of her expression. She was unbound, and, Valkyrie saw, her 
room contained a number of amenities such as the dresser and a warm housecoat 
which Valkyrie had been denied. 

"Hajdemo, lud!", Alexander yelled as he kicked the bed. 

At Alexander's direction the seemingly indifferent woman slowly spread her legs 
to reveal a hairy cunt, indicating that she was Croatian rather than Moslem, 
which was covered with traces of the men whom she had serviced earlier. Valkyrie 
realized with a sinking feeling what came next. Alexander smilingly confirmed 
her fears as he pointed at the woman's hairy cunt and ordered, " RADITI! " -get 
to work. 

Valkyrie knelt on the bed and bent down to position her mouth at the level of 
the other woman's cunt, almost choking herself in the process as her arms pulled 
back on the ropes around her neck when she knelt. Desperately, she struggled to 
keep her arms elevated so she could breath. She was so close that she could 
smell the woman's unwashed sex as well as the leavenings of the men who had 
fucked her. Valkyrie was repelled by the sight and smell of the other woman's 
sex; the idea of licking the woman's cunt made her sick at her stomach. She 
hesitated until Alexander grabbed her arms and used them to force her face into 
the other woman's hairy cunt. 

"Dobro, zar ne?" Alexander laughed as he rubbed her face in the hair and the 
cum. He held her into the woman's cunt by her arms and used two of the fingers 
of his other hand to invade her asshole, hooking his fingers inside Valkyrie and 
squeezing to encourage her to use her tongue. Already Valkyrie's arms were tired 
and had begun to drop. The ropes around her neck tightened, slowly choking her. 
Valkyrie gasp frantically for air, sucking the other woman's cum saturated pubic 
hair into her mouth as she struggled to suck in the precious air, inadvertently 
spreading the strong taste of the woman's ripe cunt onto her tongue and its 
sensitive taste buds. Just as her mind began to go black, Alexander held her 
arms up with one of his powerful hands, relieving the pressure on the rope 
around Valkyrie's neck and allowing her to breath. At the same time the fingers 
of Alexander's other hand thrust deeper into Valkyrie, fucking her manually as 
she sputtered and choked on the overpowering taste of the other woman. Accepting 
her fate, Valkyrie put out her tongue and began to lick the intermingled hair 
and cum covering the other woman's cunt. Outside, her face was set in a grimace. 
Inside, Valkyrie was being torn apart. The humiliation and anger threatened to 
overwhelm her; she was- to her disgust- licking cunt! 

************************************************************************ 

Two rooms down the hall, Bobbie was being raped by the tenth man in the last two 
hours. When the cum saturated her open sex until it literally ran out of her in 
a stream, the men had shifted their attention to Bobbie's mouth. Straddling her 
chest, the man was using his grip on her short, mop of brunette hair to propel 
her open mouth back and forth over his cock. Bobbie looked like hell! Her body 
was drenched in sweat, both her own and that of the men who had been on top of 
her, as well as in the whitish cum of her attackers. The cum covered the 
junction of her legs and large parts of her face; isolated drops of the white 
scum had been splattered over her stomach, breasts, and even into her hair. 
Bobbie's hair was also drenched in her sweat so that it covered her head like a 
damp, dark helmet. The skin of her breasts was red from the rough handling to 
which they had been subjected, her nipples elongated and sore from the pulling 
and pinching. Her eyes were open but unseeing as her head was rocked back and 
forth by the man on top of her, his cock making her gag as each of its thrusts 
penetrated her mouth to batter against the opening to her throat. 

********************************************************************* 

Slowly, methodically Valkyrie licked the woman's cunt, her mind trying to deny 
what her body was doing. As the Serbian guard reamed her asshole, she used the 
flat of her tongue to stimulate the other woman's clit, hidden as it was in a 
forest of wiry pubic hair. She tried not to breath; the overpowering smell- a 
mixture of the woman's unwashed cunt and the soldiers' cum- threatened to gag 
her with every breath she took. To Valkyrie's amazement, the woman began to buck 
and press against her face. The woman had begun to enjoy this; for the first 
time since she had been brought here after the destruction of her village more 
than a year ago, she was receiving pleasure rather than pain from sex. A 
survivor by choice, she docilely gave herself to Arkan's men in order to stay 
alive. Here was an opportunity for her to be the sexual predator, and she meant 
to seize that opportunity. She caught Valkyrie's head between her thighs and 
held it against her, forcing the flyer's nose against her clit and pushing 
Valkyrie's mouth lower, making Valkyrie concentrate her attention on the woman's 
cunt lips and the mouth of her cunt. Trapped between the two, Valkyrie could 
only comply with the woman's obvious if unspoken desires and bury her tongue 
inside the cum flicked cunt. Barely able to breath, Valkyrie licked madly. She 
feared that if she didn't bring the woman off quickly, she would literally drown 
in the woman's fluids. There was so much- and it was so strong tasting- that 
Valkyrie feared the woman had also lost control of her bladder in her 
excitement. Valkyrie was forced to swallow seemingly great quantities of these 
foul fluids to avoid choking. It took what seemed to Valkyrie an eternity until 
the woman stiffened and climaxed.
 
When Valkyrie had finished satisfying the Croatian woman, Alexander led her to 
the next room. This woman had just been fucked; the drunken soldier was still in 
the room, putting on his pants. Unlike the first woman, this one's wrists had 
been chained to the narrow, dirty bed. She was a new- and popular- 
"acquisition", it had been only a week since her capture in the attack on the 
village near Brcko. She was younger than the first woman, maybe twenty or so, 
with short black hair and a slender, but well developed body. Valkyrie thought 
that she looked familiar, almost like a younger Bobbie. She saw that the girl's 
pale white skin was covered with fading purple bruises, this time around her 
thighs and on her arms. She was shaven, marking her as a Moslem. She seemed so 
young and vulnerable to Val, like someone who should be hanging out at a mall 
with her friends instead of being an inmate in a brothel. Without any 
preliminaries, Alexander thrust Valkyrie's face into the bare, cum encrusted 
cunt and once again shouted, "RADITI!". Externally resigned to her humiliation 
but seething inside, Valkyrie complied. She pressed her face into the new 
woman's cunt and thrust out her tongue, running it over the swollen, red lips of 
her vagina. Unlike the first woman, this one did not respond to Valkyrie's 
tongue. The young woman lay silent and unmoving, almost catatonic, as Valkyrie 
licked her vulva clean. The woman's apparent indifference to what Val was doing 
made Valkyrie feel even more degraded; now it was as if she were the aggressor. 
When she had done enough to satisfy Alexander, Val was led to yet another room 
and forced to service another of the captive whores. On and on it went, her 
anger and humiliation growing as Valkyrie was forced to service the heavily used 
cunts of six of the captive women. Through it all, Alexander used her bound arms 
as a lever to force her to cooperate. Whenever her oral ministrations were not 
sufficiently vigorous, he would lower her fatigued arms, slowly choking her as 
the ropes tightened with each inch he lowered them. Valkyrie could only respond 
by thrusting her face into the cunt before her and making loud sucking sounds 
until Alexander was satisfied and raised her arms again. Finally she was led 
through one more open door. 

Inside, Valkyrie found Arkan standing by the figure of a woman spread out on a 
narrow cot positioned like a frog waiting to be dissected. His presence sent a 
shudder of fear- and hatred- through her. Instinctively, she bowed her head 
submissively. Valkyrie did not at first recognize the woman on the bed. Only 
when Arkan held up the woman's head- the normally dark hair now almost white 
with the cum of her rapists- did she realized that she was looking at Bobbie. 
Valkyrie's horrified stare was draw to the junction of Bobbie's legs. There 
below the young woman's yawning cunt opening was a pool of white man cum 
spreading out on the dirty gray of the bedsheet like the ink blot in a Rorschach 
test, a pool of cum still being fed by a thin stream of the thick fluid 
trickling out of Bobbie. Valkyrie was appalled; she wanted to look away but 
could not. She had never seen anything so ..sluttish! She thought that Bobbie 
looked like a cheap whore, a cumbucket. Bobbie's red, manhandled breasts were 
marked by large dried pools of the whitish man cum while her normally perky face 
was covered by a solid sheet of the sticky, white scum. Despite all this, 
Bobbie's eyes were open and knowing as they stared back at Val; her humiliation 
at having Valkyrie see her in this state apparent in the wide, pleading eyes. 
For a moment, Valkyrie wondered what Bobbie saw when she looked at her. Valkyrie 
knew that her nude body was covered in sweat, she could feel the slime from a 
half dozen cunts covering her face, and she could smell the stink of the guard's 
piss all over her. Valkyrie realized with a start that she must look like a 
cheap whore too. 

"She is a real slut, isn't she!", Arkan laughed as he held Bobbie's cum covered 
face up for Valkyrie's examination, "A few more times with my men, and she will 
have a strong Serb son in her belly. You stink of the other whores' cunts! I 
think that is what I will use you for now, to clean the cunts of my whores every 
day after they serve my Tigers. And I will put you to work serving my men too! 
Then you will have a Serb in your belly! Does that thought please you, my big 
American Navy whore?" 

Valkyrie could not answer him. While the thought of being forced to lick other 
women's cunts was repugnant to her; the thought of carrying her rapists' child 
was truly horrifying! But she knew that she could not stop him from doing these 
things to her. She knew that she was too afraid of this man to dare to defy him. 
She would do as he ordered despite her loathing of homosexuality and her fear of 
pregnancy. She hated Arkan for what he was doing to her, and she hated herself 
for her inability to stop him. It was all she could do to nod her bowed head in 
response. She felt crushed, helpless even as her face burned with her barely 
surpressed anger.
 
"Good, my little toilet slut! You can clean this one up now," Arkan ordered as 
he gestured to Bobbie. "Start with the face and work down. Then clean the bed, 
too." 

Valkyrie knelt on the bed between Bobbie's widely spread legs and leaned forward 
until her face was only inches from Bobbie's, struggling the entire time to keep 
her bound arms up to avoid tightening the rope around her neck and choking 
herself. Valkyrie closed her eyes as she reached out for Bobbie's face with her 
tongue. She first experienced the stickiness of the men's cum which covered her 
companion's chin; then she felt the warmth of the skin underneath the cum. 
Slowly, she gathered the cum off of Bobbie's face with the tip of her tongue and 
brought it back into her mouth. Her taste buds were overwhelmed by the bitter, 
masculine taste of the cum, so different from the female secretions which 
covered her face. Valkyrie cleaned Bobbie's face of the Serbians' cum inch by 
humiliating inch, keeping her eyes closed so that she did not have to look into 
the face of her fellow flyer, the woman she had thought of as her "kid sister" 
before all this had happened. The taste of humiliation was bitter in her mouth, 
making her bile rise more than once as her mind turned over the degradation and 
perversity of what she was doing. Her emotions were confused, conflicted by the 
feelings this perverse contact with Bobbie was generating. As her tongue licked 
across Bobbie's soft lips, the smaller flyer opened her mouth and moaned softly 
at the touch of Valkyrie's tongue. To Valkyrie's surprise and humiliation, 
Bobbie flicked out her own tongue to meet Valkyrie's, sending an electric shock 
through them both. For a second, Valkyrie opened her eyes to stare into 
Bobbie's. Then she shut them again as she tried to close off the strange 
feelings washing through her. Forced as she was to lean over Bobbie, Valkyrie's 
heavy breasts rested lightly on Bobbie's smaller cones, sending pleasant, but 
unwanted sensations through Valkyrie as the sweaty, sensitive flesh rubbed 
together. When she had cleaned Bobbie's chin and lips and left them shiny with 
her salvia, she moved downward to Bobbie's cum encrusted breasts. Valkyrie 
licked the erect red nubs of Bobbie's nipples, feeling Bobbie's arousal and 
hating Bobbie- as well as herself- for it. But excited by it just the same. From 
the nubs, Valkyrie worked her way in a circular pattern around and down Bobbie's 
breasts, cleaning them of the dried cum and then unhappily swallowing the 
mixture of cum and her salvia which covered her tongue. 

As Valkyrie licked across her face, Bobbie shivered with pleasure. Even under 
these circumstances, the touch of Val's tongue and the pressure of Val's large 
nipples against her smaller ones thrilled her so much that she could not stop 
herself from becoming aroused. After the brutality of the previous hours, the 
soft touch of her fellow flyer was so comforting. Bobbie could not help 
responding, kissing Val as the other woman licked the cum off her lips even 
though she sensed that such a kiss was repugnant to Valkyrie. She wanted to 
comfort Val; to tell her that it was all right. But she was too afraid to speak. 
Instead, she arched her back to offer more of her breasts to Val's warm tongue. 
Arkan smiled down at the sight of Valkyrie cleaning his soldiers cum off of the 
smaller woman. He took another drink from Alexander's bottle and then handed it 
back to the man. The sight of Valkyrie's heavy breasts, thrust out by the way 
her arms were tied behind her, aroused him almost as much as the humiliation 
visible on Valkyrie's strong face. He knew that he had to experience the big 
American's body again. He and Alexander pulled the bed away from the wall so 
that he could stand at the head of the bed. He repositioned Valkyrie on the bed, 
turning her around so that she was facing Bobbie's feet instead of her face and 
had her knees on either side of Bobbie's face with her feet positioned on either 
side of the bed's metal head . Positioning himself behind Valkyrie, he unzipped 
his pants and extracted his very erect cock. As Valkyrie began again to work her 
way down Bobbie's body from her sweat and cum covered stomach toward Bobbie's 
abused cunt, he pressed his cock against the half open star of Valkyrie's anus 
and slipped inside without resistance. How very different from the struggle to 
get inside her that first time, he thought as he slid his cock deeper into her 
warm, still snug ass channel. He felt her tighten up as he penetrated deeper 
inside her, squeezing his cock. He controlled her- and kept the ropes from 
choking her before he was finished with her- by grasping the ropes connecting 
her hands to her neck with one of his ham like hands. He used the other hand to 
reach around the kneeling woman to her hanging breasts. As Valkyrie's lips 
reached Bobbie's cum saturated cunt, Arkan began to move inside her ass, forcing 
her face against Bobbie's sex. At the same time, he took her right nipple 
between his thumb and forefinger and rolled it, pressing down with all his power 
until the swollen, red nub flattened between his fingers. Arkan could feel the 
pain traveling through her, making her bowels grip his cock even tighter. 
Beneath him, Valkyrie licked at the cum covering Bobbie's crotch, using the flat 
of her tongue to gather the white scum into her mouth. As Bobbie wiggled in 
pleasure under the steady lapping of her tongue, Valkyrie tried to close her 
mind to the degrading task she was being forced to perform, the pain and 
humiliation of Arkan's sodomy, and his torture of her swollen nipple. As he 
thrust harder, Valkyrie began moaning as she struggle to adjust to the deep, 
painful penetration of her ass. With the increasingly power of his thrusts, 
Valkyrie's face was repeatedly forced into Bobbie's sensitive cunt, making 
breathing ever more difficult. Valkyrie was now running on automatic; her mind 
consumed by the waves of pain coming from her ass. Mindlessly, her tongue ran up 
one side and down the other side of Bobbie's vulva, licking away the rapists' 
cum, all while she was being brutally sodomized.
 
Bobbie moaned and squirmed as Valkyrie's tongue caressed her swollen inner lips 
and occasionally flicked over her clit. Bobbie's hips were making little circles 
on the cum sodden bedsheets, seeking more contact with Valkyrie's warm, soft 
tongue. She began bucking her hips, trying to fuck Valkyrie's face with her 
hips, as she sought her climax from Val's tongue. Meanwhile, inches above her 
face was Arkan's cock plowing in and out of the stretched star of Valkyrie's 
asshole. His rape of her asshole was forcing Valkyrie's cunt closer to Bobbie's 
face until she could just reach the larger woman's clitoris with the tip of her 
tongue. As Valkyrie licked her swollen, sore cunt, she strained to lick 
Valkyrie's clit as she encouraged Valkyrie, saying: 

"AHHH!....VAL....HARDER..PLEASEE!"
 
Bobbie was bucking harder now, using the friction of Valkyrie's face hitting her 
sex as well as Valkyrie's tongue to push herself over the edge. Bobbie wanted to 
wrap both legs around Valkyrie's head, to open herself to the woman's tongue as 
she tried to get Valkyrie's face deeper into her cunt, but the ropes securing 
her feet frustratingly stopped her. Bobbie could only use the fleeting contact 
of Val's tongue and face to push her slowly, painfully to her grunting, 
screaming climax. 

"AHHHH!...YES..AHHH.....VAL..YES...OH..OH...OHAAA!" 

Above her, Arkan was sodomizing Valkyrie's hot, open asshole with all his 
strength, glorying in his degradation of the strong American flyer whom he had 
determined to turn into a whore. He wanted to laugh; this was perfect! Arkan 
turned to his man Alexander standing forgotten in the corner with one hand 
pulling on his erect cock, and ordered him to whip the American bitch while he 
fucked her. In a second, the man had his belt out and was laying its folded 
length across Valkyrie's broad, muscular back in painful strokes. As he whipped 
her, Arkan thrust hard into Valkyrie and barked:
 
"TAKE MY COCK WHORE. FEEL THE WHIP...BITE YOUR LITTLE SLUT LOVER ...BITE HER 
MAKE HER CUM...WHORE! SHE SUCKED YOU BITCH!...NOW YOU BITE HER AND LICK THE CUM 
OF MEN OUT OF HER LIKE THE WHORE YOU ARE!"
 
Valkyrie hesitated as the humiliation of the words' truth cut her as 
deeply as the belt. But she was afraid to refuse. She knew Arkan would 
make her obey; and he was right...She was a whore just like Bobbie... 
a cunt lapping , cock sucking whore! Arkan pulled her head back by 
the noose around her neck and whispered into her ear, 

"Do as I say whore! . DO IT!" 

When he let go of the noose, Valkyrie's face fell into her companion's cunt. She 
began to use her teeth on the smaller woman's cunt. Driven by her fear of Arkan, 
she tried to literally devour Bobbie's cum stained cunt. She gnawed at the 
sensitive cunt lips- hesitantly at first and then with increasing violence as 
Arkan plowed into her asshole and Alexander's belt exploded onto her back. Each 
time he pulled out of her ass in preparation for another stroke, Arkan pulled 
Valkyrie's face out of Bobbie's vagina, painfully stretching Bobbie's cunt lips 
as Val's teeth instinctively held on to the delicate cunt lips. Gasping for air 
and with her face covered by Bobbie's secretions, Valkyrie blindly attacked the 
other woman's delicate cunt lips as she endured Arkan's degrading anal rape. 
Beneath her, Bobbie screamed from the combination of pain and arousal Valkyrie 
was inflicting on her. The pain was real but sexual for the first time.
 
Instinctively, she began to return the brutal caresses, concentrated on 
Valkyrie's large clit with her teeth since that clit was the only part of 
Valkyrie's cunt the bound woman could reach. Bobbie attacked the erect finger of 
flesh with her front teeth and tongue, grabbing it with her teeth and holding on 
as the tip of her tongue flicked back and forth over the end of the nub. Above 
them both, Arkan raped Valkyrie's asshole, brutally fucking the nether opening 
as if it were her cunt, his balls banging against Bobbie's forehead; He paused 
now and then to savor the warm, tightness of her guts before returning to the 
deep hard fucking he preferred. 

"HARDER, YOU STINKING WHORE! ....... EAT HER HARDER BITE HER! EAT 
HER HARDER...MAKE THE BITCH SCREAM, ..DO IT OR I'LL HAVE ALEXANDER CUT YOUR 
NIPPLES OFF AND FEED THEM TO YOU!", shouted Arkan as he used his cock to punish 
her, stabbing her with it as if he meant to impale her heart on its length. To 
emphasize the threat, he spoke a few words to Alexander. In a second, his knife 
was resting lightly against her right nipple, drawing a single drop of blood as 
its tip gently lifted the end of the nipple. 

Valkyrie stiffened with fear, a fear which was rapidly directed into anger 
toward the woman whom she blamed for getting her into this- for all the abuse 
and humiliation she had suffered this afternoon. Determined to hurt someone- 
anyone- for the pain she had suffered, Valkyrie bit harder on Bobbie's sensitive 
cunt lips, drawing blood as Bobbie arched her back and screamed in pain at this 
abuse of her sex. Valkyrie could actually taste Bobbie's blood now, the coppery 
taste cutting through the strong taste of the other woman's secretions and 
overpowering the bitter taste of the men's leavings. Valkyrie took the sensitive 
flesh of Bobbie's cunt lips between her teeth and gnawed on it, shaking her head 
like a dog with a rat. Bobbie screamed from the pain of Valkyrie's attack as her 
soft red inner lips were stretched and torn. In an unthinking response, Bobbie 
attacked Valkyrie's sex even harder with her teeth, biting into Val's large clit 
until she drew blood. 

Alexander could not believe his eyes as he stared at this bizarre spectacle. 
During the war, he had often played the Serbs' version of patti-cake where two 
prisoners would be forced to trade blows until one was beaten unconscious. But 
he had never seen anything so erotically brutal as this-forcing two captive 
women to attack each other's genitals with their teeth. He watched as his 
laughing patron sodomized the muscular American woman, brutally penetrating her 
strong, sweaty body. As Arkan raped her ass, Valkyrie attacked her friend's cunt 
lips with her teeth, actually drawing blood. Beneath her, the boyish brunette 
was wildly trying to escape her friend's attack while at the same time punishing 
her friend's clit with her teeth. Now both looked to be actually climaxing from 
this brutal mutual abuse! He stared down at them in amazement, forgetting for 
the moment to use his belt on Valkyrie's muscular back, which was already a 
bright red from the beating he had delivered to it. 

For a moment the two women attacked each other's sex like feuding wolves, their 
mutual cries of pain bringing a laugh from Arkan's smiling mouth. As the pain 
washed over Valkyrie from the attack on her sex - one which she feared would rip 
open her clit - and as the salty, coppery taste of Bobbie's blood filled her 
mouth, the anger which Valkyrie had been holding inside her since her capture 
receded. The rage washed over her and out of her mind like the retreating tide. 
Valkyrie was finally able to accept her helplessness, her lack of control, in 
the face of her captivity. Now she could finally stop venting her rage on the 
only person more helpless than she- Bobbie. Freed of her need to hurt Bobbie 
though still fearful of Arkan, she continued to appear to attack Bobbie's cunt 
lips. Though now she was actually sucking the torn cunt lips into her mouth and 
licking them rather than using her teeth on the sensitive flesh. Valkyrie 
pressed her face into her friend's cunt and concentrated on soothing the 
injuries she had inflicted at Arkan's command, licking and gently kneeling the 
other woman's soft cunt lips . Perversely, the pain had already driven Bobbie to 
the edge of her climax; now she came in violent shakes as she felt Val sucking 
and caressing her sensitive cunt lips with her soft tongue. A gush of her juices 
poured out of her cunt into Valkyrie's mouth, washing away the taste of blood.
 
For the first time in her life, Valkyrie responded to the taste of another woman 
with an intense arousal. When Bobbie began to respond in kind to Valkyrie's 
caresses, gently sucking and licking Valkyrie's clit; 
Valkyrie's cunt responded, covering Bobbie's face with her lubricants. 
Bobbie could still taste the coppery flavor of Val's blood on that clit, but now 
she began to taste something else- her friend's love juices- as Valkyrie became 
more and more aroused by Bobbie's tongue. Wrenching her head forward, Bobbie 
drew the entire finger size nub of Valkyrie's clitoris into her mouth and licked 
away the pain, driving her friend toward an intense climax . The two women were 
oblivious to the men abusing them as they made love to each other for the first 
time. In seconds, Valkyrie began shaking, her body convulsing as Bobbie's tongue 
set off her first lesbian climax-despite the brutal pain of Arkan's attack on 
Val's asshole. 

Arkan lasted as long as he could; but the tight warmth of Valkyrie's ass and the 
image of Valkyrie torturing her friend's cunt had driven him to the brink of his 
climax despite his efforts to hold it off. The convulsions of Valkyrie's body as 
she came drove him over that brink and into his own world of pleasure. Despite 
the power of his own climax, he saw what the two women were doing. Even as he 
came, filling Valkyrie's bowels again with the now familiar flood of hot cum, he 
was thinking about this change in their relationship and about how it could be 
used to his advantage.
 
Arkan withdrew from Valkyrie's asshole, leaving a thin trail of his cum to run 
down her leg and fall on Bobbie's moaning face. Valkyrie began to slow down her 
oral stimulation of Bobbie. Regretting all she had done to hurt her friend, she 
comforted poor Bobbie's abused cunt by gently licking the bleeding cunt lips 
with her tongue, swallowing great quantities of Bobbie's secretions in the 
process with apparent relish. Like a cat comforting its kitten, she tried to 
lick away the pain she had inflicted on Bobbie. Bobbie's response was identical. 
She tried to lick away Val's pain by caressing her clit softly with her tongue. 
In addition, she used wide swipes of her tongue to collect and savor the strong 
flavored cunt juices of her blonde friend. Within seconds, both the woman's 
cunts were dripping like faucets with their secretions as their hips moved in 
small circles in against each other's faces, seeking the comforting touch of the 
other's lips.
 
A muffled "Oh Bobbie...mmmm.... Bobbie.. I'm sorry....Bobbie, . I didn't mean to 
hurt you." came from Valkyrie as she lifted her lips from her friend's sex for a 
second before plunging back into the wet folds again.
 
Bobbie continued to caress Valkyrie's clit with the tip of her tongue, making 
delicate circles around the now angry red knob as a peace offering. Bobbie could 
smell the evidence of Valkyrie's climax and her continued arousal despite the 
trickle of man cum which occasionally got in the way. Thrilled at the words she 
heard, Bobbie concentrated on Valkyrie's clit in response, so happy she was 
unable to speak.
 
Sardonically amused, Arkan watched Valkyrie and Bobbie comforting each other for 
a moment before telling Alexander, "That is enough. Take the big one back to her 
room. Keep them separated; that is enough kiss and make up for now. Let another 
five or six of the men have the little one; then close her door for the day. 
Tomorrow let the big one satisfy the men after she has cleaned the other whores' 
cunts. Let the little one alone tomorrow. And feed them both some sweet 
potatoes; they'll need their strength." 

***********************************************************************
 
Later, alone in her small bare room, a bound Valkyrie tried to find sleep 
without much success. It was not the dull pain in her rear from Arkan's rape; 
she was used to that by now. Nor was it the awful memory of how Alexander had 
used her, forced her to lick his unwashed cock, balls, and even asshole, before 
he raped her with a wooden club. It was the realization of how poorly she had 
treated Bobbie since their capture that kept her from sleeping. The anger inside 
her was gone; instead, she felt shamed at the way she had tried to push Bobbie 
away. She finally understood that they needed physical contact with each other, 
that it was not wrong to comfort each other in this man-made hell. Their shared 
experience had forged a bond- a love-between them which was stronger than any 
conventional love. It was not, she decided, wrong to express that love. 
Two rooms away, a strangely happy Bobbie - bound spread-eagle on the bed and 
again awash in the spendings of Arkan's thugs- also tried to sleep. Despite her 
exhaustion, the sleep would not come. She kept running through her head the 
words Val had said and the way Val had licked her. Her unspoken love for Val had 
been the one thing she had to cling to in this hellhole, her one strength. With 
Val finally accepting that, Bobbie felt as if she could endure even lost in this 
foreign hell. She had feared she would go mad if she had to face her captivity 
alone. But now, she thought, with Val with me maybe somehow it will come out all 
right. 

********************************************************************** 

Two floors away, a smiling Arkan was considering the same situation with very 
different feelings. As much as he was enjoying humiliating the two Americans, he 
knew that time was running out. Soon, even the American CIA would know that the 
two flyers were here. He had to get rid of them before then, he decided. He'd 
had his pleasure with them, the film of Bobbie being raped by the Moslem 
fighters had worked to sour relations between the Americans and the Bosnian 
Turks and turn suspicion from him, and because of his film of Valkyrie and 
General Milosadic, he had the tanks he wanted. He wondered if one more advantage 
might not be wrung from his possession of the two women before he killed them. 
After all, he still had the film of his men raping Valkyrie that day in the 
barn. How, he mused, could he use this to his advantage. From his experience in 
the black market, he knew that there must be some way to turn a profit on such 
an item. To aid in his thoughts, he extracted the tape in question from his safe 
and put it in his machine. The image of a screaming Valkyrie being sodomized as 
she hung suspended from the beam materialized on the screen. A somber Arkan 
stared at it, deep in thought. By the time the seventh man had finished 
attacking Valkyrie, a smile crossed his face. He had an idea. 

 
END PART 4 of 6 




********************************************************************* 
FEMALE POW 2 NIGHTMARE IN BOSNIA Part 5 
by conwic@aol.com 

The unforeseen fruits of Arkan's idea appeared a week later during a meeting at 
the White House between the President and the American ambassador to Italy.
 
"Ah am confused, Mr. Ambassador! Tell me again how you came by this tape."
 
"Well Mr. President, as you no doubt know I am - I have to be of course as 
ambassador- friendly with many of the government ministers. Occasionally, I 
attend very private parties given by some of the ministers, purely to discuss 
matters of interest to our government, of course. Well, you are no doubt aware 
of the ...proclivities of some member of the government from the rather 
unfortunate scandals which have plagued this Administration. I mean, the Italian 
Government, of course. I saw the film at one of these parties. I thought I 
recognized the woman in it as one of the Navy flyers who was shot down in 
Bosnia, Lieutenant Volksrye. Not knowing what else to do, I told the minister- I 
trust his name will not come into this- that I wanted a copy of the movie for 
myself. He was kind enough to put me in contact with someone who put me in 
contact with someone else. To be brief, I bought the tape from a man I have 
reason to believe was a member of the Mafia."
 
"Mafia? How'd they come into this?" 

Well, Mr. President, I understand from the DEA liaison agent at my embassy that 
there is a close connection between the Mafia and some elements of the Serb 
militias run by a warlord- and war criminal-called Arkan. Trading guns and money 
for looted valuables, buying protection for drugs moving through the area to 
Europe, films like this one , and even the sale of women captured by this 
Arkan's men , so I 've been told. The DEA has a file on him; the CIA must have 
one too. And, of course, there have always been connections between the 
Government of Italy and the Mafia. The exchange of favors." 

"Ah see. Well Mr. Ambassador, you have done your country a great service. Ah 
don't want you to tell anyone about this though. We don't want any false hopes 
raised, do we? Leave the tape with me; Ah need to um.... study it. Ah won't 
forget this. The ambassadorship is yours for as long as you want it; don't worry 
about that State IG report. After this, who will give a damn about petty cash.." 

"Thank you, Mr. President. You know you can count on me." 

**********************************************************************

"Who would believe it. We spend millions for the CIA, and who gets the 
information we need? A guy watching dirty movies." 

" Yes, it is a wonderful piece of luck which couldn't have come at a better 
time. You'll need to clean up the source before you give it to the Pentagon 
though. They leak like sieves over there." 

"Yes, Mr. President. I'll come up with something. I'll get it over to the 
Pentagon immediately. With any luck they can launch a rescue within 24 hours 
using the Delta Force team on stand bye in Hungary." 

" Yes, with any luck. Ah..um.. don't want you to give that to the Pentagon just 
yet. Check and see what lead time they need for a rescue. Tell them about Arkan, 
but tell them its not confirmed. Get them the CIA file on this Arkan. And keep 
it close hold." 

"But why wait? Shouldn't we act now on this now, Mr. President?" 

"Well, Ah don't think a few days will make any difference. They've been there 
three weeks already. An opportunity like this doesn't come often. And the 
benefits don't last long. We need to make the best use of it. My sources tell me 
that the Special Prosecutor is going to announce an indictment in three or four 
days. If he is, Ah want to have something which will knock him right off the 
front page and keep the wolves in Congress quiet by taking my approval rating 
up. In politics as in love, timing is everything!" 

"*********************************************************************** 

Arkan found the offer almost too good to be true; but there it was in front of 
him. After seeing a copy of one of the video tapes of 
Valkyrie and Bobbie which he had sold to the Mafia, an anonymous buyer was 
offering two million Deutschmarks for the two American women. This was an offer 
he truly couldn't bring himself to refuse even though he knew that he would be 
much safer with the two Americans dead and at the bottom of a mine shaft. The 
fact that the buyer's identity was unknown to him especially worried him. 
However, the middleman was trustworthy, and he had assured Arkan that his 
identity would be protected. And after all, he told himself, if you cannot trust 
the Mafia, who can you trust. Well, he decide, if the American whores are 
leaving us in two days time, that calls for a celebration- a going away party!
 
************************************************************************ 

The next afternoon, Arkan had Valkyrie brought to his office. There Val found an 
ominous tableau, a gagged Bobbie tied in a standing spread eagle and flanked on 
one side by a smiling Arkan and on the other by the grim figure of his 
bodyguard, Alexander. Her handlers threw Val to her knees in front of Bobbie. 
Val looked up into the terrified eyes of her friend and lover and felt an icy 
fear growing in the pit of her stomach.
 
Because his plan called for Val to do more than passively submit to superior 
force- for her to in fact actively participate in her own degradation, Arkan 
felt some trepidation about her submissiveness even after having apparently 
broken her spirit with repeated rapes and humiliations for almost three weeks. 
There was to his discerning eye still a hidden spark of rebellion in Valkyrie 
which he was determined to stamp out. Recognizing her new closeness to Bobbie, 
he had decided to use that affection as added leverage against Val to ensure her 
obedience. Arkan had no intentions of being embarrassed before his own men, such 
an indication of weakness could have fatal effects on a Serb leader. He had 
therefore arranged a demonstration for Val to impress upon her just how far he 
was willing to go to have her obedience. As her horrified pilot watched, Arkan 
again tied his trademark nylon lines around each of Bobbie's nipples, forcing 
them into the familiar hour glass shape. Then, as he pulled on the lines to 
stretch her tortured nipples, Alexander carefully used the tip of his razor 
sharp knife to trace entirely around each nipple, drawing a circle of blood at 
the base of the nipple but not cutting deeply enough to do permanent harm to the 
terrified female officer's breasts. As Alexander made the shallow cuts, Arkan 
casually told Val about his plans for tonight and her role in them, stressing 
that this was only a demonstration - a dress rehearsal- for what would happen to 
Bobbie if Val did not perform as desired. If Val failed to satisfy him, Arkan 
purred ominously, then next time the cuts would be much deeper, so deep that 
they would sever Bobbie's nipples from her breasts. To bring home his threat, a 
smiling Arkan knelt down by Val's side, to whisper into her ear: 

" If you disobey me, if you embarrass me in front of my men, then I will not 
stop with her breasts. I will let Alexander have her. After he has cut off your 
friend's pretty red nipples , then he will cut off an ear, and then perhaps a 
nose. Then perhaps something intimate. When he finishes there will be nothing 
left of your pretty friend but a trunk- a disfigured, but living trunk. All 
because you did not obey me!" 

Then a grinning Arkan offered to demonstrate Alexander's skill with his knife 
for real on the frightened, sobbing Bobbie- if that is what Val needed to see. 
It was in truth a bluff on Arkan's part. Having sold the two women, he could not 
now mutilate Bobbie. But the two American women had no way of knowing about the 
sale. They believed him capable of anything! After a quick glance at the 
trembling Bobbie, a shocked Valkyrie shook her head. She forced out a shaky, " 
Don't hurt her. I'll do whatever you tell me to do.".
 
Once he had looked into her eyes and was convinced that Valkyrie would play the 
role he had scripted for her, Arkan laid out for her the wardrobe which he had 
carefully collected for her use. He gleefully watched as Valkyrie reluctantly 
put it on and - prompted by Alexander's blade resting against the bound and 
trembling Bobbie-modeled the disgustingly whorish clothes for Arkan's approval. 
Repeatedly, he had her walk up and down in front of his chair, turn, and pose 
for him as he admired her half nude, sluttishly attired body. Then the 
humiliated Valkyrie stood before a mirror and applied her make-up as Arkan 
watched intently, repeatedly ordering her to apply heavier coats of the cheap 
cosmetics until he, Arkan,, was finally satisfied with her new appearance. 
Through it all, Arkan did not so much as touch her. For now, he was content with 
the pleasures of raping her with his words alone, of mind fucking her.
 
*********************************************************************** 

Arkan smiled at the dozen men around him, the most loyal officers of his Tigers, 
his cameraman, and, of course Alexander, his trustworthy personal bodyguard. He 
was holding the departure celebration for his American "guests" in what had been 
the hotel's poolroom, now shabbily bare but for one billiards table and a bar 
bearing the inevitable bottles of the local brandy and food. Over the billiards 
table hung the obligatory Serb Nationalist "SLOBODA ili SMRT"- Freedom or Death. 
Lying on the ragged billiards table was Bobbie, nude, resting on her arms which 
had been tied behind her back. Her legs hung over the edge of the table. Her mop 
of dark hair hung off one long side of the table while her cunt rested 
uncomfortably on the edge of the opposite side, obscenely open since her knees 
had been spread and tied with ropes running through two of the table's pockets. 
A single man stood beside her head, caressing her hair, while another stood 
between her legs toying with the protruding inner lips of her cunt. The rest of 
the men were clustered around the bar fortifying themselves for the evening. 
A collective "AH" went up spontaneously from the men as Alexander shepherded 
Valkyrie into the room. He was leading Valkyrie into the room by two thin 
strands of nylon fishing line which ran from his hand to each of Valkyrie's red 
swollen nipples. One end of the line had been wrapped tightly around each the 
middle of each nipple until the nipple bulged obscenely into an hourglass shape, 
trapping the blood in the tip of the nipple. This time Valkyrie's hands were 
free. In them she held a silver tray containing a bottle of expensive imported 
Scotch and a single glass. She was, as ordered, bringing Arkan his drink, a 
simple act which Arkan had endowed with humiliating overtones. The captive pilot 
had no choice but to follow the hulking bodyguard into the leering mob of men 
between her and Arkan; if she balked, Alexander would rip her nipples from her 
breasts. He had made that perfectly clear with a brutal jerk on Valkyrie's 
sensitive nipples just before they entered the room. The humiliation and 
loathing Valkyrie felt at being forced to become her rapist's servant were 
plainly evident on her face as she walked reluctantly into the leering mob of 
Arkan's men. Bobbie stared at the ceiling, unwilling to watch her mentor -and 
lover- being humiliated. Bobbie's pretty face was a bright beet red with 
embarrassment for Valkyrie, for unlike Bobbie's understated, almost elegant 
nudity, Val was dressed like a common street whore. Using as a guide the still 
photo of Val taken during a party at the Tailhook convention years earlier which 
he had recorded off of CNN, Arkan had apparently searched the cast off clothes 
of half the prostitutes in Belgrade until he found a suitable parody of her 
Tailhook party clothes. Valkyrie had on a pair of high heeled black "fuck-me" 
pumps which were painfully small for her feet, black fishnet pantyhose where the 
crotch had been crudely cut out to expose her pubic area, and an open man's 
black blazer. But rather than covering her breasts, the too small blazer 
exposed, even framed, them. Heavy black mascara accented her big blue eyes, a 
thick layer of bright red lipstick coated her full lips, and an equally thick 
layer of rouge covered her strong cheek bones, all applied by the unwilling 
Valkyrie herself. Valkyrie looked - and felt- like a cheap Belgrade street 
whore. 

Following the instructions given him by Arkan, the bodyguard paraded Val through 
the gauntlet of leering, grabbing men. As Arkan watched in satisfaction the 
men's hands roamed over the helpless American pilot's body, squeezing her 
exposed breasts, grabbing those firm ass cheeks, and even thrusting fingers 
between her cunt lips. She made no attempt to stop the groping hands. All Val 
could do was to blinked away the tears and kept repeating again and again her 
new mantra, " I have to obey; I cannot defy him!". The reluctant Valkyrie moved 
through the sea of groping hands at a brisk pace in response to Alexander's 
frequent and vicious tugs on her nipples. As the heartbroken Bobbie watched her 
friend's humiliation, Val walked through the men. She could sense the men's 
desire rise with each step she took as she was pulled closer and closer to the 
waiting Arkan by the lines tied to her nipples. Valkyrie could literally feel 
the men's lust wash over her; it was as real to her as the overpowering smell of 
tobacco and unwashed bodies which filled the room. Concentrating on keeping the 
tray and its precious cargo steady, Valkyrie silently endured the hands 
molesting her half naked body, deadly afraid of what Arkan would do if she 
dropped that bottle. So Valkyrie fought the urge to shy from the men's hands, 
walking slowly and steadily through the groping hands to Arkan, every step of 
her painful progress being recorded by the grinning cameraman, Dimrtri.
 
The woman finally came through the crowd to the billiards table under the where 
Arkan was waiting, a dog whip in his left hand. Silently, Valkyrie stood in 
front of him with her eyes downcast as he took the bottle and poured himself a 
drink while his men cheered his grand gesture. At his command Valkyrie 
submissively went to her knees in front of him, her eyes fixed on his muddy 
boots, too ashamed to look about her. Arkan smiled down at her bowed head and, 
placing one hand on her head like a conquer claiming his captive, raised his 
glass in a toast to " SLOBODA ili SMRT" to the cheers of his men. Arkan then 
moved to complete his domination of the proud female flyer, ordering her to 
"Service me like the whore that you are." The frightened Valkyrie stole a glance 
over at Bobbie. Seeing Alexander standing by her knife in hand, Val choked down 
her humiliation and surrendered her will to Arkan, too afraid for them both to 
make any attempt to salvage her rapidly vanishing self respect by even a token 
resistance. Putting down the tray, she steadied herself with one hand held 
against his uniformed leg. She unzipped his fly with her other hand and fished 
around inside for his already erect penis. Extracting it, Valkyrie gripped the 
thick rod lightly at the base with one hand while using her other hand to 
carefully massage the man's ballsack. She took the head of his cock into her 
mouth, blowing on it with her warm breath and then swirling her tongue around 
and over the sensitive head. Above her on her back on the table, Bobbie could 
not see what Val was doing since her view was blocked by Arkan's body, but the 
shouts and jeers of the watching men told her all she needed to know. Val was 
prostituting herself for her. The thought of her friend's sacrifice both 
thrilled Bobbie and cut her like a dagger through her heart. Crouching on her 
knees, the trembling blonde pilot was overwhelmed by feelings of intense 
humiliation. She tried to concentrate on pleasing the man towering above her, 
desperate to get this degrading ordeal over with, her head empty of all thoughts 
of resistance. As the watching crowd mocked her, Val felt increasingly like the 
whore she was dressed to be as she slavishly serviced Arkan's erect cock. She 
did not believe that it was possible for her to feel any more degraded, to sink 
any lower than she had at this moment. Val was shamelessly applying all the 
sexual tricks she knew to please Arkan; becoming -as she used her tongue and 
lips to coax the man to his climax- the willing whore that Arkan had vowed to 
make of her. But no matter how hard she tried to put the humiliation of her 
situation- the degradation of submitting to her hated captor- out of her head, 
she could not do it. The reality of her situation was literally staring her in 
the face in the form of Arkan's angry red cock. Desperately, Val tried to will 
her mind to stop struggling and embrace her degradation, painful though it was 
to acknowledge her own weakness and to accept the feeling of having no control 
over her own body. Mixed in with the wet sucking sounds coming out of her lips 
as they moved up and down his cock were new sounds now, the sounds of Valkyrie's 
quiet sobs as she began to accept her submission.
 
Fortunately for Valkyrie, Arkan could not long resist her skilled ministrations. 
Nor could he long resist the ego enhancing cheers of his officers as he 
demonstrated his mastery of the strong American woman. They too savored 
Valkyrie's surrender. While many had made use of her body in the rooms upstairs, 
no one had been able to master her- until now. With both his ego and his cock 
being stroked simultaneously, Arkan rapidly approached his climax. He held one 
hand to her hair, anchoring her face in place as he administered one more insult 
to the tortured Valkyrie, spraying her mascaraed and rouged face with his 
spurting cock, covering both cheeks with his sperm. Then, pulling Valkyrie back 
to her feet by the lines attached to her breasts, he ordered: 

"Now dance for us Valkyrie! Just like on your MTV, eh....... DANCE WHORE!"
 
For a second, the shocked Valkyrie simply stared at the man in 
amazement. The loud, tinny sound of current Europop, rock songs with 
English lyrics, coming from a cassette player snapped her back to 
reality. She began to move her body mechanically searching for the 
music as she scanned the circle of grinning, leering men surrounding 
her in a half circle, forcing her back towards the billiards table 
holding Bobbie, Valkyrie began to dance, moving her body seductively 
if unwillingly as she stared about her in fear, beyond any hope of 
escape. She tried to remember the strippers she had seen perform at 
her squadron's suite at the Tailhook convention so long ago and to 
imitate their tawdry movements -even to the mechanical smile on her 
face as she displayed herself to the cheering men. Valkyrie's face 
was a bright red under its coating of sperm, her embarrassment tearing 
at her as she was forced to brazenly displayed her almost nude body to 
these men she despised. She could feel Arkan's cum drying on her 
face, marking her as a slut in the eyes of the men surrounding her and 
perhaps even in Bobbie's eyes. It certainly made her feel like a slut 
a whore! She hated the feeling but could not deny it! She wanted to stop; wanted 
to stop more than she had ever wanted anything in her life. She hated what Arkan 
were doing to her, what he was making her into. But the implied threat of the 
silent, glaring Alexander standing knife in hand by Bobbie's head kept her 
going. Valkyrie danced; her naked breasts, the nylon line still biting deeply 
into the swollen flesh of her red, elongated nipples, swayed seductively with 
each graceful movement of her hips. Her body shined under the bright klieg 
lights which Arkan's cameraman had trained on her almost nude body, highlighting 
her muscles as they moved gracefully under her sweaty skin. Each cat like 
movement displayed her near nude body to the men's hungry eyes- her blonde pubs, 
the red lips protruding beneath them,the play of muscles under her shiny skin, 
and her bobbing, tortured breasts. The men pressed closer , pushing her back 
toward the table from which an appalled Bobbie watched as her idolized pilot 
displayed herself like some cheap stripper. Arkan's voice cut through the din,
 
"Turn around, whore! Let's see your big ass!" 

Relieved, Valkyrie complied, grateful to no longer have to look into the eyes of 
the pack of human wolves closing in around her. Then she saw Bobbie's face. The 
disgust she saw there cut her to the quick. Reluctantly she danced on, letting 
the men watch her bare ass as it moved below the short black coat, unaware that 
she seemed to the excited men to be teasing them - inviting their attack- with 
the way the tiny star of her sphincter appeared and disappeared as she moved. 
Desperately Val threw herself into the music, moving her body to the hypnotic 
rock beat of the music, willing her sweaty, muscular body to send the crudest, 
most primitive sexual signals to the men around her, to brazenly offer herself 
up to these men to please Arkan- and save Bobbie. Val danced through the first, 
the second, and into a third song- danced through a fog of the Spice Girls' 
hypnotic lyrics - "What I want..what I really , really want"- into a brassier 
woman's voice appropriately singing about "waiting for a hero". Even the music 
mocked her! The leering Serbs crowded around her in an ever shrinking circle, 
forcing her progressively closer to the table until her naked sex was inches 
from Bobbie's own exposed vagina. She felt desperate, trapped.
 
Standing by the billiards table on Bobbie's left side, Arkan was pleased to see 
the tears of shame in the eyes of the larger American woman. Glancing at the 
reclining figure of the brunette American, he saw similar tears of sympathy in 
Bobbie's eyes at her friend's humiliation. He found their tears to be very ... 
arousing! On and on Val danced, letting the music carry her along. Her muscular 
body was almost totally exposed despite the scanty cover of her coat, gleaming 
as the bright lights from the camera reflected off the sweat covering her body. 
Her humiliation was equally exposed, the agony apparent underneath the fixed 
smile on her face. Valkyrie's fear was evident as well in her body's reaction, 
the sweat bathing her body and her panic induced hyperventilation which 
perversely was making her heavy breasts move so enticingly, drawing the men ever 
closer around her. As she instinctively retreated toward Bobbie, Val shivered in 
fearful anticipation. 

"Show us how you American Navy women make love to each other!", Arkan ordered. 
" My brave Navy pilot, show us how you Americans don't need men to satisfy 
yourselves. LICK HER WHORE OR I'LL WHIP THE SKIN OFF HER BREASTS AND YOUR'S TOO! 
THEN I'LL FEED YOU HER NIPPLES!" 

When Valkyrie hesitated, reluctant to degrade their love by displaying it for 
the amusement of this mob, Arkan gave weight to his words by using the small dog 
whip, a short, springy length of leather. As Val watched in terror, he brought 
it down hard on Bobbie's left breast, marking the soft white skin with an angry 
red streak.. Bobbie responded with a howl of surprise and pain . Arkan raised 
his whip hand for another blow, but before he could land that second blow on 
Bobbie's femininity, the horrified Valkyrie screamed out a piteous "NO..PLEASE!" 
and sank to her knees in front of Bobbie. Determined to spare her friend and 
lover more pain and recognizing the futility of resistance, Val thrust her face 
into Bobbie's strong smelling cunt-the same cunt which she had been so reluctant 
to lick three days ago-and stabbed her tongue into the soft folds of reddish 
cunt flesh. She bent her head, pressing her lips harder against Bobbie's cunt, 
breathing in Bobbie's fragrance as she found and tongue lashed the brunette's 
sensitive clitoris. Val rested her hands on Bobbie's legs, her thumbs pressing 
against the bound woman's cunt lips, spreading them so that Valkyrie's tongue 
could reach deep into her friend's vagina. She thrust her tongue inside Bobbie, 
licking the soft flesh as the smaller woman wiggled in response. Arkan 
alternated between entertaining his officers with comments on what sluts these 
Westerners were and spurring Valkyrie on with frequent strokes with the dog whip 
to her firm ass cheeks. Valkyrie alternated between thrusting her tongue deep 
into Bobbie's cunt and tracing the delicate inner labia with her tongue. Her 
hands held Bobbie's cunt open as Val feasted upon it, one thumb concentrating 
its attention on the sensitive nub of Bobbie's clit. Again and again Valkyrie 
thrust her tongue into the woman's wet, fragrant hole until Bobbie was groaning 
and humping the dirty, green fabric of the billiards table underneath her hips. 
Val tried to lose herself in Bobbie's cunt, to shut out the leering men around 
her as she willingly made love to her friend. 
Driven to a frenzy by this display but prevented by Arkan from simply swarming
all over Valkyrie and Bobbie, the men watched restlessly as the muscular blonde
flyer licked and sucked Bobbie to a shattering climax. Only then as Bobbie
reached her climax- screamed and bucked wildly under Val's tongue lashing- 
did Arkan let his men have their way with the two women, signaling the start
of the gang rape by pulling Val's face from Bobbie's cunt and displaying it 
to his men- her chin wet with Bobbie's secretions and her mascara running down 
her cheeks to mix with Arkan's cum. 

With a collective growl, the men swarmed over the terrified Valkyrie. With a 
familiarity born of frequent practice, the men quickly positioned Valkyrie to be 
ravaged, lifting the unresisting woman to her feet and bending her over the 
green felt of the table beside her friend's bound form, so that Val was 
supporting her upper body on her elbows and angled with her face resting inches 
from Bobbie's. She was so close that Bobbie could smell her own secretions on 
Valkyrie's face as she locked eyes with her pilot. In an instant, Val's legs 
were spread, and a man stood between them, his erect cock probing her well 
exercised cunt. He easily forced himself inside her as Valkyrie fought against 
her urge to resist him. Instead of fighting, she relaxed her cunt muscles, 
accepting the man raping her. A hand on the back of her head pressed her face to 
Bobbie's; Valkyrie opened her lips and pressed them against her lover's soft 
lips. The two kissed deeply as the man buried himself in the muscular blonde 
flyer's cunt, savoring the still tight, warm grip of the woman's cunt upon his 
cock. A second man stood beside the first and forced his way into Bobbie's cunt, 
stretching the younger woman painfully. He forced himself inside her, bringing a 
moan of pain from Bobbie's lips, breaking the kiss. Valkyrie braced herself 
against the powerful thrusts of the man inside her and nuzzled Bobbie, licking 
Bobbie's face and allowing the younger woman to lick her's, to taste her own 
secretions on Val's face polluted though it was with Arkan's cum. Both were 
buffeted back and forth by the men raping them. The first man inside Valkyrie 
did not last long; he was rapidly replaced by another man in her now cum slick 
cunt. The man inside Bobbie fucked a while longer before he filled her womb with 
his hot sperm, savoring his dominance over the athletic young American. As one 
man used her cunt, Val felt the soft warmth of another man's cock pressed 
against her cheek. Looking up, she saw Arkan looming above her head, standing 
there between her and Bobbie on the opposite side of the table from the men 
fucking them. Capturing her short blonde hair in his large hand, Arkan brought 
her lips to his half erect cock. Pulled awkwardly far across the table by 
Arkan's hand, Valkyrie instinctively obeyed his unspoken command, stretching 
herself out on the table and wrapping one arm around his trousered ass to steady 
herself. She rested her other arm around Bobbie's chest, hugging her close as 
she opened her mouth to accept Arkan's semi-erect cock. Instinctively, Bobbie 
moved toward Val's reassuring physical presence. Obeying the same unspoken 
command, she submissively opened her mouth and began to use her tongue on her 
Arkan's cock as Valkyrie did the same from the other side. Arkan smiled down at 
the two female aviators as they acknowledged his dominance by worshipping his 
cock. As Val worked on his cock's head, running her tongue around the sensitive 
glens, Bobbie worked with her to bring Arkan to erection and climax, stretching 
her head upward to ran her tongue along the sensitive ridge on the underside of 
his cock, flicking her tongue back and forth to leave the skin of his cock wet 
with her salvia as far back as the man's hanging ball sack. The man in 
Valkyrie's cunt was pumping into her as hard as he could , jarring her with the 
impact of his hips on her buttocks while Arkan forced his growing cock deeper 
into her mouth, pressing his hips into her lips while holding her face against 
his hips with the hand entangled in her sweat soaked hair. The cock in her mouth 
was swelling, choking her by blocking her airway as it was pushed its way down 
her throat to batter against her tonsils. Beside her, Bobbie stared in horror at 
the rape of her friend's mouth. All she could see was the now fully erect cock 
being fed into Val's clenching red lips. Bobbie tried to help her friend, using 
her tongue on the underside of the small portion of Arkan's cock not already 
buried inside Val's mouth. Valkyrie struggled to breath between his thrusts as 
the man used her mouth as if it were her cunt. His powerful strokes repeatedly 
rammed the head of his cock deep into her throat, forcing it to stretch 
painfully to accommodate him. He was forcing himself so far down her throat that 
the base of his penis was ramming against her full lips, bruising them with the 
force of his powerful thrusts and rubbing the thick coat of lipstick off of her 
lips and onto the base of his cock. The man using her vagina was no less brutal; 
he plowed forcefully into her, concerned only with satisfying himself by 
generating the maximum amount of friction inside her cunt, stretched as it was 
by the previous rapes and lacking even the lubrication provided her mouth by the 
lipstick. Lacking the will to fight the men swarming over her, Valkyrie could 
only lay there grasping one attacker's buttocks for support while with her other 
hand helplessly clenching Bobbie's naked side, her screams muffled by the cock 
in her mouth until they were no more than a low moan. She struggled to make her 
body go limp, abandoning all hopes of resistance and submitting totally to her 
rapists in a desperate hope of surviving this assault. Valkyrie put behind her 
all that she had been before her capture and accepted that she was now what 
Arkan had made of her- a whore! 

Beside her, Bobbie feared that her cunt was going to be split open by the sheer 
size of the new man raping her sweaty, yielding body. She feared he was going to 
destroy her insides with his huge cock, which he was plunging into her like a 
madman. Never had she felt so full! Then, just when she thought that she had 
reached the absolute depths of her pain and degradation, Arkan pulled his cock 
out of Valkyrie's raped mouth and thrust his hard, red cock into Bobbie's mouth. 
Taking advantage of Bobbie's upside down position, he thrust deep into her 
throat, choking her and making her throat feel as if it were on fire. His cock 
forced its way deep into her gullet, filling her small mouth with its bitter 
taste and heat of his excitement, and blocking her airway, keeping her from 
sucking in the oxygen she craved. Then after the eternity of that moment, his 
cock was gone, allowing her to breath again; now Valkyrie was the one gagging on 
Arkan's cock instead. Brutally buffeting her body between them, the second man 
came inside Valkyrie and abruptly pulled out, only to be instantly replaced by 
another man. Lubricated by the cum filling her cunt, her new attacker slipped 
easily inside Val's passive, muscular body. While Arkan seemed as if he could 
last forever by virtue of his earlier climax, none of the men fucking the two 
women's cunts lasted for more than a few short moments. All too soon, their 
pleasure was over and a new man replaced them. For the women though, time seemed 
to stand still as they lay passively on the table allowing their bodies to move 
with the men's thrusts, accommodating their rapists' cocks. Arkan and the man in 
Val's cunt settled into a rhythm by which both thrust into her at once, trapping 
her between their hard rutting, male cocks, making her feel as if the two cocks 
were meeting somewhere in her chest with every thrust. Harder and harder they 
used her unresisting body-bruising her lips, bloodying her nose, and pounding 
into her sore cunt like a pair of jackhammers until neither man could tolerate 
another moment of her warm, wet holes without exploding. Then they came, 
covering her face and sex with a river of their cum. The cum covered Val's lips 
and chin, falling in great white gobs onto Bobbie's upturned face. 

Before he left her, Arkan bent below Valkyrie and took hold of the twin lines 
tied to her nipples. With a quick movement he ran one line between Bobbie's 
torso and her bound arm and tied it to its counterpart, leaving Valkyrie 
attached to her friend by the lines around her pain stricken nipples. For a 
moment the two stared into each other's eyes, ignoring the fresh cum dripping 
off of Valkyrie's face onto Bobbie's as they silently comforted each other. .As 
Arkan withdrew, two men replaced him, breaking the two women's reverie. Now 
there was one man using Valkyrie's mouth, and another one using Bobbie's. On the 
other side of the table, her newest rapist had switched to Val's asshole, 
finding sodomy preferable to the cum dripping, elasticity of her well fucked 
vagina. Bobbie's rapist stayed with her cunt, savoring its warm tightness even 
as a stream of white cum flowed out of her to drip onto the floor below. As they 
lay there side by side the two female flyers were buffeted and tormented by the 
cocks of their rapists. Each was penetrated at both ends by two rutting cocks, 
leaving them feeling stuffed full of cock. For Val, the torment was increased by 
the pain from her nipples as the lines tying them to Bobbie were alternately 
stretched and loosened as her body was battered back and forth by the cocks 
pounding into her mouth and gapping asshole. Man after man used the two captive 
women and then withdrew satisfied, leaving behind in and on the two women a sea 
of hot, sticky cum. The white slime coated Val's and Bobbie's faces as well as 
their sexes, covering their chins , lips, cheeks , and even their hair with 
layers of thick, sticky goo.
 
Bobbie stared up into Val's haggard, cum covered face. She cringed inwardly at 
the sight of the muscular female pilot being used as a cumbucket for the drunken 
Serbs, her mouth open, cum dripping out of it as a cock moved in and out between 
her lips and deep into her throat again and again. The grunting, animal like 
noises coming out of Val's cock filled mouth torn at her heart; for even now 
after all they had endured since their capture, Bobbie still thought of Val as 
being strong and in charge. It hurt her deeply to see Val allowing herself to 
become their slut, letting herself be taken by these men without resisting, 
looking like this, like a whore, a cumbucket. Like her! But she could not turn 
her eyes away. The sight of Val being raped fascinated her as much as it 
repelled her. The sight of Val's body, of her beasts moving with the thrusts of 
her attackers, aroused her even now. As she concentrated on Val's raped body, 
Bobbie could ignore her own degradation, letting her body react mechanically, 
mindlessly to the cocks invading her sex and mouth. 

Valkyrie could not look Bobbie in the eye. The cum smeared face of her friend 
was a mirror of her own humiliation, her own submission. She was suppose to be 
the strong one; she was suppose to be the one who could handle anything.. But 
she couldn't handle this! Without even the excuse of having her arms bound as 
Bobbie's were, Val saw herself passively accepting the rape of her body- and her 
soul. She was letting a man fuck her in the ass without fighting back. Letting a 
man she despised cover her face with his cum without resisting. What, her 
tortured mind demanded, had she become? The answer was obvious. She had become a 
whore! A whore like Bobbie! She looked over at her friend, taking in the way 
Bobbie's smooth, sweat shiny, cum covered body was being mauled by the men 
attacking her with their cocks. Through the arm she had draped protectively over 
Bobbie's torso, she could feel the men's thrusts slamming into Bobbie's body, 
feel Bobbie's body moving under the hammer blows of their cocks. They felt just 
like the blows battering her own body, the cock pounding into her asshole and 
the cock emptying itself into her throat. Val had the sensation of drowning in 
the men's cum as yet another cock erupted down her open throat. Gagging on the 
thick sperm, she painfully choked down another mouth full of the bitter tasting 
cum. It felt to her as if she had a gallon of the men spendings in her stomach, 
filling her with its obscene warmth.
 
Arkan stood a few feet from them, sipping his drink and recovering as he watched 
his men use Valkyrie and Bobbie. He allowed the gang rape to continue for over 
an hour as he watched, savoring each detail of the brutalities inflicted upon 
the two female flyers. He enjoyed the way the women's pain ridden faces were 
covered in his men's white, sticky cum. He was delighted to see the white 
streams of his men's cum running down their faces, sticking their eyelids shut, 
and running over foreheads to saturate their hair. The little one was especially 
attractive now, he thought, as he stared in fascination at the thick ropes of 
the men's cum running through Bobbie's hair, streaking the dark hair with white. 
He smiled again as he thought of the cum which had shot down the women's throats 
or been choked down as they fought for breath, coating their throats and pooling 
in their stomachs. Then there was the cum being deposited in their wombs, little 
Serbs for the future perhaps. He turned his attention to Valkyrie whose 
muscular, feminine body was submissively moving in time with the men's cocks, 
soft moans pouring from her mouth as she crouched there drowning in the men's 
sticky, white cum. Still, she did not fight. He had crushed her spirit, raped 
her mind as well as her strong body. He was not surprised that Bobbie put up no 
resistance, but for the big blonde to submit so passively to a brutal gang rape 
was a clear sign that she was finally broken, his body and soul. Even as he 
enjoyed the visible proof of his victory, Arkan resolved on a further test of 
Valkyrie's submissiveness. 

At Arkan's command, a cock beaten and cum covered Valkyrie was pulled off the 
billiards table which had been the altar upon which Arkan had sacrificed her 
pride and put to work cleaning the cum soaked cunt of her companion. Even as she 
used her tongue to clean the men's cum off Bobbie, one of Arkan's men was still 
in her ass, sodomizing her. Slowly, Val cleaned her friend's face and cunt of 
the white scum, gripping Bobbie's nude body for support against the thrusts of 
the man using her ass. When Bobbie's crotch was clean and shiny with Val's 
salvia, the men lined up to take her again. Valkyrie was brought to stand in 
front of a grinning Arkan. He allowed himself to savor the moment as he stared 
at her raped and abused body, cataloguing the marks he and his men had left on 
the strong American flyer. Walking around her as Valkyrie stood swaying in her 
high heels, Arkan took in the round open hole of her asshole with thick streams 
of cum running out of it onto her muscular legs and over the fishnet stockings 
covering them, mixing with the stream of cum running out of the angry red of the 
woman's cunt slit to form a river of cum running down her right leg. Above this 
was her once blonde, now cum white triangle of pubic hair. Progressing to her 
panting chest, he stared at the grossly swollen nipples, the twin nylon lines 
still tied around their base. The trapped blood had enlarged the tips of Val's 
nipples until they were the size of his thumb and a deep purple color. Casually, 
Arkan squeezed one swollen nipple between a thumb and forefinger making the 
exhausted woman scream weakly with the pain and try to pull away. He looked 
intently into her face, hardly recognizing the once confident woman under the 
crusted cum and mascara covering her cheeks and mixing with the trickle of blood 
from her nose and lips. Arkan smiled at the changes in Valkyrie's face. But he 
wanted more. 

"Show us that trick you like so much, Alexander! The one you and I did with that 
Croat bitch.", the grinning Arkan ordered his bodyguard. Shifting his attention 
back to Val, he laughed, " Everyone else has fucked you; now it is Alexander's 
turn- a reward for being such a brave soldier for Serbia! But I don't think it 
is his cock he has for you, whore! It's something special! You'll see!"
 
Alexander smiled at Valkyrie as he called for some of the men to hold her arms 
for him. Too weak to resist them, Val could only shake her head and beg him in a 
tired voice not to hurt her any more. Alexander knelt by Valkyrie's spread legs 
as two other men held her arms away from her side, immobilizing the muscular but 
now submissive blonde aviator. Arkan stood behind her with one arm wrapped 
around her throat. Alexander knelt before the large woman and stared at 
Valkyrie's punished sex, its meaty labia covered in man cum. Slowly, he began to 
insert his hand into Val's vagina one finger at a time. With her cunt already 
stretched by the rapes and well lubricated with volumes of cum, Alexander had no 
trouble getting his first three fingers inside it. He pressed the thumb and 
little finger into his palm and formed his hand into a dagger shape. Then he 
thrust his hand into Valkyrie, sinking it past the weakened muscles guarding the 
entrance and deep into Val's womb as she gave a weak cry of protest. Alexander 
pushed his hand further inside Val, forcing his way into her until his hand had 
disappeared up to the wrist. At that point he stopped- his fingers wiggling 
slightly as he explored- and waited for Arkan , thinking about the only other 
time they had done this- with that Croatian fighter bitch so long ago The idea 
of what he would do next fascinated him. 

"AUGHEEE!", Valkyrie screamed as Alexander's hand disappeared inside her, 
filling her in a way unlike any of the men's cocks. She could feel it moving 
inside her, like something living. It was as if the head of a giant snake was 
forcing its way into her. She arched her head back, eyes fixed on the dim 
ceiling, and moaned softly as it moved within her. She felt the panic rising as 
the hand wormed its way into her, but she kept still. Fear and her new found 
submissiveness paralyzed her. She felt a wave of heat and light wash over her. 
Looking up, Val was blinded by the bright klieg light of the camera focused on 
her, permanently recording every detail of her cruel impalement with its 
unblinking lens. The humiliating thought that strangers- perhaps even her 
squadron mates and family - would see her as she was raped by a man's fist made 
her cry out in protest.
 
"NO, pleasee...don't....PLEASEEE! Haven't you done enough to me?" 

Arkan positioned himself behind the still whorishly costumed Valkyrie, his again 
erect cock again pressing against her ruined sphincter. As the two men held her 
arms, Arkan positioned his cock at her open sphincter with one hand and slowly 
forced himself into her ass. With Alexander's hand inside her, Val's asschute 
had returned to its previous virginal tightness. Arkan had to force his way into 
her asschute. Valkyrie stiffened and arched her body in response to the internal 
pressure as his cock joined the hand inside her. Alexander could not see Val's 
face from his position on the floor. Instead, he focused on Val's hands. He 
watched as they slowly tightened into fists. First he saw Val's knuckles grow 
white in an agonized clinching; then blood appeared in Val's palm as she 
unknowingly gorged bits of flesh out of her palm with her nails. As Alexander 
followed the painful progress of Arkan's cock up Valkyrie's ass by watching her 
hands, Val was struggling against the dual invasion with all her remaining 
strength. Through the hand inside Valkyrie, Alexander could feel the muscles 
tensing as they vainly tried to keep Arkan's cock from penetrating further into 
her bowels. At the some time, Val's body was also struggling against the brutish 
bodyguard's manual invasion of her most private parts, flexing her stomach and 
womb muscles as she tried to repel the invading fist. But Valkyrie's exhausted 
muscles, weakened by her repeated rapes, could not do what her desperate mind 
willed. Slowly, Arkan's cock sank deeper and deeper inside her. Finally, 
Alexander could feel the other man's cock, separated from his hand by nothing 
more than a thin membrane of Val's flesh. More interestingly, Alexander could 
feel Valkyrie's heart as it pounded in terror. The bodyguard felt a sense of 
power over the woman he had impaled with his arm, a sense of literally having 
Val's life in his hand. He wanted to reach up and grab Val's heart and then rip 
it out of her through her cunt. But he contented himself with working his hand 
back and forth inside Valkyrie. A thrill of power ran through Alexander as 
Valkyrie's body responded to those hand movements. He felt a surge of power as 
if the big American woman was his puppet; that he could make Val's big, muscular 
body do whatever he wanted. It was an intoxicating feeling. 

A mob of men surrounded the trio, mesmerized by the sight of the large brutish 
man fisting the muscular blonde woman. Ignoring the exhausted Bobbie for the 
moment, they and their brandy bottles clustered in a silent semi circle around 
Valkyrie. Even Bobbie mustered the strength to raise her head- exhausted though 
she was- and stared in fascinated horror at what they were doing to Val. The 
men's initial stunned silence quickly gave way to a torrent of vulgar 
suggestions and lewd comments as they watched and swilled their local rot gut. 
As they howled out their obscene and anatomically impossible advice in their 
barbaric Slavic tongue, the American woman and the two Serbs continued their 
struggle, totally oblivious to their audience. 

"AHHEE! NO! PLEASE STOP...NO..TAKE IT OUT..PLEASEEE!" 

Valkyrie screamed out her plea against the twin assault. She could feel Arkan's 
cock inside her ass, moving slowly in and out. But mainly she felt the other 
man's hand filling her, moving inside of her in strange ways. The sensation that 
she had a living thing moving about inside her was overwhelming and very 
frightening. The hand slowly opened and pressed back against the membrane 
separating it from Arkan's cock, making Valkyrie moan as it moved inside her, 
searching for the cock. Then she could feel the man's hand pressing against the 
other man's cock through that single thin membrane. The two began to move in 
unison inside her. Alexander's pressed his hand against Arkan's cock, pushing 
against it with his hand as the cock moved up and down inside Valkyrie's 
asschute. Alexander took his other hand and grabbed the two nylon lines hanging 
from Valkyrie's nipples. When he had the lines in his hand, Alexander began 
pulling on them, tightening the thin lines around the throbbing, swollen, red 
hourglass shaped nipples, sending bolts of pure pain straight to the immobilized 
woman's brain as he stretched her abused breasts into cone shaped parodies of 
their normal selves. At the same time, Arkan had plastered himself against her 
back, hugging her to him with as he wrapped his arms around her chest. Below and 
deep inside her body, each of the twin invaders inched their way into her, 
forcing their way into her womb and intestines. The man's cock was buried to its 
root in her asshole, sodomizing Valkyrie as Alexander's fist moved along with it 
until his thumb was battering against Valkyrie's cervix. Valkyrie fought the 
four men surrounding her with all her remaining strength, but her efforts grew 
progressively weaker as her body, exhausted and ignoring the signals Valkyrie's 
mind sent it, began to surrender to her attackers, accepting the dual 
penetrations. Despite her best effort, her attempts at resistance had produced 
nothing more than a stimulating tightness for Arkan. Unable to fight them any 
longer, Valkyrie's body began to move in unison with the dual thrusts of Arkan's 
cock and Alexander's fist; defying her will and opening up to accommodate its 
invaders of its own volition. She felt so incredibly full; it was as if her womb 
would explode from the tremendous pressure of that fist pounding against her 
cervix. She knew that she could not endure that pounding much longer. Valkyrie 
felt as if she were on fire despite the torrents of sweat pouring off her. Pain 
and arousal sent mixed signal to her brain, fighting for dominance; but only 
succeeding in overloading Valkyrie's confused brain and driving her into what 
amounted to an out of body experience. She could see her own body clearly, 
impaled upon both Alexander's arm and Arkan's cock, jerking and quivering as 
each movement of the cock or the man's hand was magnified a hundred times and 
transmitted through her body to her overloaded brain. In her tortured 
imagination, she stopped seeing herself as the pilot controlling the machine and 
became the machine, the out of control airplane forced beyond its limits by 
outside forces. No ejection seat could save her now; this time she was going to 
be there for the crash! Tottering uncertainly on her high "fuck me" heels, 
supported only by the men holding her arms, and with her mind literally in a 
tailspin; Valkyrie had reached the limits of her endurance.
 
"Oh...no ..pleasee.. ah...oh...Ahee..AHHEE..AHEEE!" 

Hearing Valkyrie's screams, Alexander pulled harder with the nylon line tied to 
Valkyrie's swollen nipples as he rammed the other hand deeper inside Valkyrie's 
bruised womb, sending both Val and Arkan into a spasm of pain/pleasure. The 
feeling of the spasms produced by his bodyguard's fist combined with the 
tightness of Valkyrie's ass drove Arkan over the edge. The man wrapped both his 
arms around Valkyrie, grabbing her breasts and squeezing them until the soft 
flesh poured around his fingers. Eventually he came, his raw cock shooting his 
third load of the evening into Valkyrie's bowels. It was only a dribble this 
time, his third climax in the last two hours. As he came, he screamed out his 
anger, cursing the woman he was sodomizing as he shot his load into her. Then he 
fell silent, so totally drained that he had could only support himself by 
clinging to Val. Valkyrie had also been driven beyond the limits tolerable to 
her mind and body. Driven by pain from the sodomy, the fisting, and Alexander's 
brutalization of her nipples, Valkyrie's entire body shook in a powerful spasm 
of release as her mind -overloaded by the sensations forced upon her- climaxed 
powerfully and then simply shut down. Her body went limp, leaving her hanging in 
the grip of the two men holding her arms as she slipped into unconsciousness. 
Beneath her, Alexander continued to pump his fist into Valkyrie's unresisting 
body, too caught up in his fascination with the sight- and the obscene wet 
sucking sounds- of the fist moving inside the muscular woman's womb to notice or 
care that Val was no longer responding. Ignoring the leering men crowding around 
them, he pumped his fist into Val again and again. He shifted his other hand 
from the lines running to Val's nipples to his own cock, seeking his own release 
now. In his erotically overloaded state, that release came quickly, producing a 
spurt of hot cum which landed on Valkyrie's leg. Then Alexander abruptly jerked 
his arm out of Val and shakily stood up. Sated, he watched without interest as 
the two men holding Valkyrie's arms carried the unconscious woman back to the 
pool table where more men awaited her.
 
******************************************************************
 
At the same time and a hundred miles away, the Commander of the American Army's 
Delta Force detachment dispassionately read through the message again. It was 
the order to attack the hotel used by Arkan as his Headquarters with the 
expectation that the two missing American female flyers were being held there. 
The timing was left up to him, but it was specified that the attack must take 
place before 0700 hours Washington time on Friday, less than 2 days away. That, 
he decided, was plenty of time; they would go in 28 hours, at 0200 hours local 
on the 21st. By 0208 hours , everybody in that hotel would be dead or in their 
custody. Of that he was certain. So far, Delta Force's attempts at rescuing 
captives or POW's had been dogged by bad luck. He was determined to do this one 
right. The extra hours for last minute preparations would help guarantee that 
success. 

********************************************************************* 

It was the early morning hours of the next day- Thursday the 20th-long after the 
party had ended; as Arkan watched the small truck carrying the two women- bound, 
gagged, and locked inside a large crate marked airplane parts-depart from the 
Hotel. He would , he knew, miss the two American whores. Especially Valkyrie. 
Never had a woman effected him so, bringing him off three times in the course of 
a few hours. Never had he taken such pleasure in breaking a woman as he had the 
big American blonde. But he comforted himself with the thought that there would 
be a new war and with it plenty of women to take their place. And he had his 
movies of the two women, the ones his cameraman had made. All in all, it was 
better to be rid of the Americans. As long as he had them, Arkan knew that he 
was in danger of an American rescue attempt. Now at least, he wouldn't have to 
worry about that any longer. 

 
END PART 5 of 6 




*************************************************************** 

FEMALE POW 2: POSTSCRIPT Part 6 
by conwic@aol.com 

Though Arkan had died in the American Delta Force attack on his hotel 
headquarters cum rape camp early the next morning, he continued to influence 
events in his native Balkans. His bodyguard Alexander had survived the attack by 
virtue of having accompanied Val and Bobbie to the coast where they were handed 
over to the middleman's agent. Blindly following Arkan's instructions on what to 
do in case of his sudden, violent death- instructions which had assumed that 
Serbian betrayal rather than the Americans would have caused his death; 
Alexander had returned to the now empty hotel, found the hidden tapes of 
Valkyrie and Bobbie, and gave them to Arkan's contact in the German media. Then 
he had disappeared, apparently returning to the obscurity from which Arkan had 
rescued him. 

The tapes - including the one with General Milosadic as well as the one of the 
"going away party"- brought about the renewed war which had been Arkan's dream, 
though this new war was not quite the one he had desired. The new war was one 
pitting an angry America seeking revenge in the form of capturing General 
Milosadic against a frightened but stubborn Bosnian Serb leadership. A deadly 
game of hide and seek ensued as for each tit- an American forces raiding a Serb 
stronghold in search of the General- there was a tat-a retaliatory car bombings 
by the Serbs. Quickly, the disjointed Serbs rallied against the Americans whom 
they increasingly saw as the latest in their long history of invaders. The fate 
of Valkyrie and Bobbie became a side issue in the new conflict; both sides 
assumed that the two women had been taken away that morning before the raid to 
be killed and their bodies dropped down one of the many mine shafts used by 
Arkan to dispose of his victims' bodies. They were officially listed as Missing, 
Presumed Dead. Forgotten. 

********************************************************************
 
If the women were forgotten by their own government, they were not forgotten by 
others. Whether from pirated copies of the tapes given to the German media or 
from copies of the tapes sold by Arkan to the Mafia- or a combination of the 
two, uncensored pictures of the assorted gang rapes inflicted upon Valkyrie and 
Bobbie circulated widely throughout Europe despite the best efforts of various 
governments to stop them. Like all forbidden information, these pictures and 
video clips found their way onto the internet. Posted on anonymous and short 
lived sites, they spread rapidly around the globe, changing in the course of a 
day from expensive pornography for the jaded Italian elite to an item of 
popular, if perverse, culture. 

Nowhere was the effect of these graphic pictures felt more deeply than in the 
ranks of the U.S. Navy's aviation community. To many they were an obscenity. To 
others, a confirmation of their deeply held view that women did not belong in 
their ranks. The controversy remained generally hidden from the American public 
except for three incidents which reached the popular media. 

The first was the news of a cruel adolescent prank at the Naval Academy. An 
unpopular female midshipman found a printout of a black and white picture of 
Bobbie being raped by Arkan pinned to the pillow on her bed one night. The 
printout showed the young woman being sodomized by Arkan, her agonized face 
clearly visible to the viewer. On the back of the picture was the message, "THIS 
IS HOW YOU'LL END UP SOMEDAY, BITCH." Despite draconian measures by the Academy, 
the person who put the picture there was never identified. The young woman left 
the Academy soon afterwards. 

The second was the scandal which centered around the Services' joint SERE 
Schooling- Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape - a training course for 
aircrew members in avoiding or at worse surviving a POW experience. Doctrinally, 
the school taught both male and female students to expect and accept rape. It 
also attempted to teach male students to accept the rape of female POWs, 
anticipating that an enemy might rape a female POW in front of her male 
counterparts in the hope that some males would give up the desired information 
to save the woman. The idea of doing nothing as a woman was raped in front of 
them proved difficult for many male flyers to accept. An instructor at the SERE 
School decided to experiment with the use of the film showing Valkyrie's gang 
rape in the barn as a teaching tool. Without first clearing its use with the 
school Commandant, he repeatedly showed the film to some male students to 
determine if frequent viewing would , in the instructor's words, "desensitize" 
the men to the sight of a woman being raped. News of the video's use reached the 
class's two females. Their revelation of the film's use on the news program, 60 
Minutes, resulted in the court-martial of the instructor and led to 
Congressional hearings about the school itself. For weeks the news media had a 
field day with stories of female students being subjected to sexual humiliation 
by being strip-searched and then kept nude for long periods while they were 
physically abused- all actions which were officially condoned by the school as 
necessary in order to prepare the women for the inevitable sexual abuse 
associated with a POW experience. Though these actions were supposed to be 
carried out only by female members of the mock guard force, the female 
"prisoners" were unable to tell if there were male guards present or not since 
the women were hooded during their ordeal. Later comments by a number of male 
guards indicating a detail knowledge of the women's most intimate body parts- in 
one pilot's case the presence of a butterfly tattoo above her vagina- led many 
of the female students to wonder if male guards were being allowed to watch 
their humiliation. The belief that this training had become a sadistic game for 
some of the male and female members of the enlisted guard force was expressed 
during the hearings by several female officers who had been students at the SERE 
course. That the training was realistic, and that the men had experienced the 
same treatment for over two decades was generally ignored in the sensational 
media coverage. Fearing that a continued use of such training after public 
complaints by these female officers would create a political firestorm, the 
Pentagon ordered the POW camp portion of SERE Schooling to be discontinued, 
effectively ending all training in dealing with a POW situation and stifling the 
already constrained debate within the military community about capture and rape. 

The third and most notorious incident involved Valkyrie's and Bobbie's old 
squadron , now totally male. It was no secret that after the Newsweek article, 
there had been bad blood between Valkyrie and many of the male pilots who felt 
slighted by the attention focused on the two women. Then a supermarket tabloid 
published what it claimed were photos of a male flyer assigned to VF-142 wearing 
an obscene T shirt featuring Valkyrie. The pictures showed a T-shirt bearing a 
reproduction of a picture of Valkyrie as she carried Arkan his drink before the 
final gang rape at Arkan's hotel. The reproduction showed her attired only in 
fishnet hose and an open men's coat, being led around by the lines tied to her 
nipples. Above the picture was a caption: " Who You Gonna Call...BITCHTAMERS" 
The photos were accompanied by an article which claimed that other men in the 
unit had similar shirts, that they in fact had formed an informal club called 
"BITCHTAMERS", that at least one man possessed the entire tape showing that 
fateful night, and that the tape had frequently been played by unit members at 
private parties of the "BITCHTAMERS". Crucified in print, some men in the 
squadron struck back. In an article in Soldier of Fortune magazine they 
described Valkyrie as a partygirl and related in detail many of her sexual 
adventures, including a number of one night stands she had with various, often 
married men. Accompanying the article were photos of Val taken before her last 
cruise, photos which showed a grinning Valkyrie wearing her partygirl outfit- 
fishnet stockings, leather micro-mini skirt, and a man's black blazer- and 
waving a large rubber dildo at the camera. The picture and accompanying story, 
so directly at odds with the girl scout image of Valkyrie propagated by the Navy 
and by various feminist groups, sparked a new firefight in the Navy's running 
gender wars as well as fueling a print war which still continues. 

Soon, perhaps the only people in the world unaware of the pictures and the 
controversy they had engendered were the women they portrayed. Valkyrie and 
Bobbie had gone far beyond such concerns.
 
********************************************************************* 

His Royal Highness, the Sultan of Borneo- the world's richest man - turned his 
gaze from the placid waters of the South China Sea back to the shaded terrace of 
his palace, leaned back in his canopied chair, and smiled down at his favorite 
"toy". He had hundreds- thousands- of expensive toys: cars, planes, polo ponies, 
palaces, boats; but none of those toys were as satisfying as the one at his 
feet. Idly, he fed a slice of fruit to the naked brunette woman kneeling there 
by his feet, her leash tied to the arm of his chair. Obediently she took the 
fruit in her mouth, licking the sticky juice off his fingers in the process, all 
without moving her manacled hands from her lap. The Sultan rewarded her by 
stroking her short mop of dark hair in a gesture which turned into a command 
drawing her face upward to the robe covering his crotch. As the woman's head 
burrowed under the loose robe to find his soft cock, the Sultan turned his 
attention to that corner of the terrace exposed to the harsh sun. There he found 
the figure of a tall, muscular, and very nude blonde woman- her deeply tanned 
and oiled skin gleaming in the sunlight - kneeling on the hard tiles. You could 
not have told that she was a blonde by looking at her though, for her short 
blonde hair was hidden under the heavy black leather punishment helmet which 
covered her entire head. In addition, her blonde pubs had been shaven, exposing 
the well exercised, reddish flesh of her vagina. The woman in the helmet could 
not see, or hear , or- with the dildo plug inserted in the mouth opening as it 
was now-speak. She could barely breath inside the stifling heat of the helmet. 
It was the Sultan's pleasure to keep her that way- except for rare occasions 
when he displayed her face to the courtiers of his inner circle. Few men ever 
saw her face for the knowledge that she and her companion were here was 
dangerous even to a man as wealthy and influential as the Sultan. The muscular 
woman, now nameless by order of the Sultan, had once been a U.S. Navy flyer as 
had the less obviously foreign and equally nameless brunette servicing his cock. 
Shot down over Bosnia less than a year ago, they were officially missing, 
presumed dead. Yesterday's news. Out of long practice, the blonde sat patiently 
on her folded legs, her arms manacled behind her back. A leash tied to a ring 
set in the tile floor ran to the gold chain hanging between her heavy breasts, a 
chain linking the two large, golden rings embedded in her thick red nipples. The 
rings and chain reflected the sunlight, moving ever so slightly with each breath 
the captive woman took. Slowly his cock hardened under the flicking tongue and 
soft lips of the petite brunette as the Sultan stared at the nude, kneeling 
woman. The soft, sucking sounds coming from the boyish brunette's warm mouth as 
it moved up and down his cock continued at a steady pace- without slowing or 
quickening- just as she had been so painstakingly trained to do. His cock grew 
slowly, jaded by its familiarity with that warm, wet mouth, while its owner 
considered what he would do next with his two favorite toys. It was a hard 
decision. Since the two had come into his possession four months ago in exchange 
for 3 million dollars - a sum equal to roughly two days personal income for the 
Sultan, he had indulged himself fully in their charms, using the two women in 
every conceivable manner and hole. Unlike conquests from his college days in the 
United States, there were no legal, diplomatic, or , with his father finally 
dead, paternal limits on what he could do here in his own country to two foreign 
women who did not officially existed. Like the pirate ancestors who had 
established his throne more than two centuries ago, he knew that it was his 
family's birthright to prey on Westerners. His father's chosen prey had been the 
Western oil companies seeking to exploit his country's great reserve of oil. His 
prey was different. Having developed a taste for the flesh of the liberated 
American woman during his college years, his preferred prey was female. These 
two Americans were of much more interest to him than the two Malay women who 
were the mothers of his children or the Filipino women in his harem. The blonde- 
taller, a year older, and much stronger than he-offered him the opportunity to 
dominate a strong, arrogant Western woman. The boyish brunette was his pet, 
totally submissive and so eager to please that she had required only a whipping 
or two since her arrival. By contrast, the larger blonde was compliant, but as 
punishment for that compliance was compelled by her own inner demons to seek out 
his discipline. Fortunately, the Sultan was happy to meet her need to suffer, 
happy to provide a seemingly endless variety of painful experiences for her to 
sample. The brunette reminded him of that junior cheerleader he had tasted but 
never quite conquered during his senior year. The muscular blonde reminded him 
of that senior swimmer he had admired from afar during his first year at Yale. 
The two women were in his eyes the perfect pairing, opposites physically and 
emotionally yet closely linked spiritually like sisters or..maybe..... lovers. 
Loosing the leash from his chair, he instructed the brunette to bring her 
companion to the stone bench behind him. As he watched contentedly, she 
literally ran to the side of her larger, more muscular friend, Untying the 
breast leash from the ring in the stone, she gently pulled on it, signaling the 
other woman to rise. She did not speak, knowing that her friend could not hear 
her through the thick leather helmet. After a slight start, the blonde woman 
rose gracefully and stood submissively in front of her smaller companion, 
waiting to be told what to do next. Controlling her friend through the line 
attached to the heavy golden rings in the blonde's large nipples, the brunette 
steered her across the smooth flagstones to the narrow, stone bench beside which 
the Sultan waited. At his nod, she stopped her friend in front of the bench and 
gently positioned the blonde on her back resting on her bound arms. Without 
further orders, she took each of the blonde's feet and slipped them through rope 
loops attached to the framework for the trellis on either side of the bench, 
leaving the blonde on her back with her sex exposed. Sinking to her knees in 
front of that shaven sex, the brunette looked up at the Sultan, her look 
imploring him to grant her this favor. Smiling, the Sultan nodded his head 
slightly, indulging her. 

Leaning forward, the young woman began to lick her blind, deaf, and dumb 
companion, using the flat of her tongue to caresses the slick, open vagina from 
the sensitive skin at the rear between her cunt and her anus up to the prominent 
clitoris, now decorated with a golden stud piercing its fleshy mound halfway 
between its base and the sensitive tip. Kept in a constant state of stimulation 
by the stud, the woman's body responded instantly, lubricating herself with 
copious amounts of secretion which the brunette eagerly lapped up. As the larger 
helmeted woman's body shook with pleasure from the oral attention of her friend, 
the Sultan picked up a large red candle from a nearby table, a table covered 
with instruments of pain and pleasure, and lit it. He held it over the woman's 
reclining body and slowly tipped the candle to allow a drop of hot wax to fall 
on the unsuspecting woman's left breast. With her head enclosed inside the 
leather helmet, the blonde woman had no warning of the wax's approach. The first 
she knew of it was the burning heat as the hot wax hit to her sensitive beast 
cone, mixing pain with the pleasure she had been receiving. Again and again he 
dropped the hot wax onto her bare skin at irregular intervals. The wax produced 
pain but did no permanent harm to her tanned skin; it was the anticipation of 
its use when combined with the pleasure coming from the tongue burrowing inside 
her which was driving the captive blonde woman mad with conflicting impulses of 
pain/pleasure. After some time, the Sultan grew bored with this. Putting down 
the candle, he unlocked from the helmet the dildo inserted into the reclining 
woman's mouth. As soft moans and muffled pleas escaped from the round opening in 
the black helmet, the man took a larger, double ended dildo from the table and 
held it up for the brunette to see. As she watched, he slid one end into the wet 
cunt of the blonde, helmeted woman and then slid that same end which was wet 
with her own secretions into the blonde's mouth, locking it into the helmet. 
Eagerly, the brunette slid her body up her friend's , delighting in the skin to 
skin contact, until she lay on top of the muscular, nude body of her friend. The 
brunette licked the large hard rubber cock jutting out of the mask, licking it 
with the flat of her tongue before she took as much of it into her mouth as she 
could, sucking on it as if it were a real cock. As she sucked the rubber cock, 
the man toyed with her yielding sphincter, making her body wiggle and rubbing 
her small cones against her friend's large , but equally soft breasts. 
Underneath her, the bound helmeted blonde could only lie passively on the bench 
as the dildo in her mouth and throat moved to and fro aggressively in response 
to the efforts of the woman sucking the rubber cock. 

At a word of command from the Sultan, the brunette repositioned herself above 
the blonde's face, above the dildo jutting out of her friend's helmet, and 
slowly lowered herself onto the salvia wet rubber until her crotch covered the 
helmeted face of her friend. She began riding the dildo, fucking her own cunt as 
well as the other woman's mouth with the rubber double ended cock. The Sultan 
took the leash attached to the brunette's collar and tied it tightly to the 
chain between the blonde's nipple rings. Now each time she lifted herself off 
the dildo, the brunette pulled on her friend's breasts, stretching them with 
into elongated cones with each upstroke. Slowly at first, then with increasing 
speed, the brunette rode her friend's face, oblivious to the labored breathing 
of the woman under her. 

Satisfied, the Sultan shrugged off his robe to reveal his slender, brown body, 
as smooth and hairless as a boy's. He positioned himself standing between the 
legs of the large, muscular Western woman and slid his cock into her wet, open 
cunt. He felt the woman grip him as he sank into the wet warmth. Slowly he 
fucked the tall, muscular blonde, savoring her warm tightness as he watched the 
brunette move on the blonde's face, her pert, flying breasts instinctively 
drawing his hands to her nipples as she pumped up and down with abandon on the 
dildo in her friend's mouth. Needing more, the Sultan reached again for the 
still burning candle. Holding it above the two women's breasts, he alternated 
dropping the hot wax onto their breasts as he slowly fucked the reclining woman. 
The convulsions of the muscular blonde's cunt muscles every time a drop of the 
hot wax unexpectedly hit her breast squeezed his cock like a masturbating hand, 
milking him with almost painful pleasure. Soon, both the reclining woman's 
breasts were encased in the hardening wax, covering both sensitive nipples and 
forcing him to aim for the less sensitive sides of her large breasts. The 
pleasure which came from using the hot wax on the smaller brunette was 
different, less physical. It was the pleasure of seeing the conflicting fear and 
excitement in the brunette's eyes as he held the candle above her wax spattered 
breast. Idly he picked at the wax on her left nipple to expose it to his thumb 
and forefinger while she steadied herself with her small hands on his shoulders- 
the burning candle held threateningly between them in his right hand. Leaving 
the throbbing nub, he gripped the brunette in her short mop of hair and drew her 
mouth towards his own. He thrust his tongue into her submissively accepting 
mouth as he thrust his cock into her friend's submissively accommodating cunt. 
He began to come, shooting spurt after spurt of cum into the warmth surrounding 
his cock. As he found his release, his right hand dropped, inadvertently dumping 
the full measure of melted wax onto the helmeted woman's quaking stomach, 
goading her to a masochistic climax as her brunette friend rode the dildo in the 
blonde's mouth to her own climax. 

********************************************************************* 
THE END 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  conwic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





