BDSM Library - Breaking and Entering




Breaking and Entering
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife decides to turn the tables on her husband whether he likes it or not.
Breaking and Entering
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FM, femdom, anal, nc)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********


"Will you be a dear and clean the kitchen tonight?" I 
asked my husband, who was sitting in his recliner 
watching television.

"Come on honey, I'm watching something right now."  
Bryan said, pointing the remote around me and at the 
TV as if he could somehow zap me and make me move as 
easily as he could change the channel.

I looked back and saw that hateful little planet at 
the edge of the T.V. screen.  Just great, the fucking 
sci-fi channel.  He would be sitting in his chair all 
night.  I knew that in order to get him up, I was 
going to have to bring out the big guns.

I gave him my sexiest smile, straddled him, and ground 
seductively against him.  "I'll make it worth your 
while," I whispered in his ear.

I could feel him responding beneath me and he leaned 
up to kiss me, but I pulled back.  "But first the 
dishes," I said, giving him a quick peck on the lips 
and hopping off his lap.

Bryan threw a pillow at me, hitting me in the rear.  
"Tease," he called after me.  However my ploy worked.  
He got out of his chair and went to the kitchen.  

I followed, watching him while he worked.  He looked 
cute washing dishes in his boxers.  I trailed a finger 
down to my sex.  I was as hot and wet as the 
dishwater.

I went to the bedroom to wait for him to finish, but, 
I was too hot to wait.  I got up, opened my goody 
drawer and removed a vibe to keep me occupied until he 
returned.  However, my attention fell to the strap-on 
at the bottom of the drawer.  

I had always wondered what it would be like to be the 
penetrator instead of the penetratee, if you know what 
I mean.  I had always been curious, but never had the 
courage to talk to Bryan about it.  

Actually, I brought it up as a joke once, but Bryan 
just laughed said, "You're not coming near me with 
that thing."  Ever since, I had been too scared to 
pursue it further.

Stripping off my panties and tank top, I attached the 
latex cock to my crotch.  I walked to the full length 
mirror and looked at my reflection.  I wrapped my fist 
around the shiny black cock and posed, propping my leg 
up on the chair.  Damn, I looked powerful!  Authority 
and strength radiated from my body.  Then my thoughts 
turned to my husband diligently washing dishes in the 
kitchen.  It's now or never, I thought, and tip-toed 
silently to the kitchen.

Bryan's back was still turned, while he was drying the 
dishes and placing them in the cabinet like a good 
little husband.  I snuck up behind him and reached my 
hand into his boxers, firmly grasping his cock.

He jumped.  "Jesus Christ! Shit, you scared me!" he 
said.  "Don't sneak up on me like that when I've got 
plates in my hand."

I stroked his cock, until it grew stiff in my hand.  
"What was that sweetie?" 

"Nothing," he groaned.  He tried to turn around, but I 
pulled his cock up and away, making him stand on his 
tip-toes leaning over the counter.

"Don't turn around," I warned.

"Ouch, ease up - you're hurting me Debbie." He tried 
to grab my wrist, but I only pulled harder.

"I'll pull it off." I threatened.  His hand moved away 
and I slacked off on the pressure.  My left hand 
traveled down to his ass, massaging his cheeks 
possessively.  "Now, who is in charge?" I asked, while 
my finger pressed between his cheeks against his 
tightly clenched ass to emphasize my point.  "Hmmm?"

"Come on honey, let's go to bed.  I don't like this 
game," he whined.  

He was getting ornery again.  I don't know what 
possessed me, but I opened the drawer and pulled out a 
small knife.  He immediately froze as soon as he saw 
it in my hand.  I traced the sharp of the blade up and 
down his spine.  "What did I say about turning 
around?"

He hesitated.  I heard him gulp.  "You said not to."

"That's right."  I squeezed his cock.  It was harder 
now than ever.  He might try to pretend, but I knew he 
liked it.  "Now . . . tell me who is in control."

"You are."  I felt his body tremble against mine.

"That's right."  I placed the blade beneath his 
underwear.  "Now, let me see this body you've been 
teasing me with."  I cut through his boxers with the 
knife.  The rent fabric fell to his feet, leaving him 
standing naked against the counter.  

"Please, Deb. . . I don't like this."

His cock pulsed in my hand.  "Liar."  I kissed his 
neck and moved my hand from his cock to his nipple, 
pinching it lightly.  My kiss turned stronger until I 
was sucking at this neck as hard as I could, while 
nipping his skin with my teeth.  My fingers tightened 
on his nipple, extracting a mewling moan from his 
throat.

"Tell me the truth, bitch.  You like this don't you?"  
I whispered in his ear and then tongued it.   

"Ugh . . . yes," he gasped.

"And I'm not Deb.  I'm a burglar, who broke into the 
house.  Your wife is asleep in bed."  I poked him with 
the knife blade.  "You got that?"

"Yes . . .I got it," he said.

"Good.  Reach over there and get that bottle of Joy.  
Come on.  Hurry up, before you make me angry!"  He was 
shaking, he was so unsure of himself.  I stroked him 
to sooth his nerves.  

"You can do it baby.   Go on.  Now, pour some of it 
into your hand.  Keep going, pour a whole handful.  
That's good.  Now, give me your hand."  I guided his 
hand back, careful not to spill the detergent and 
placed it over my cock.  He jumped when he discovered 
my surprise and tried to pull away.  However, I held 
him fast.  

"Please, don't," he said, while I guided his hand up 
and down my cock.  

"Did you know that I've been watching you from the 
window every night? Did you enjoy teasing me?  Washing 
dishes in your naughty underwear?  Showing your body 
off slut?  Did you think you could get away with 
that?"  I brought his hand up behind his back, forcing 
him to bend over the counter.

I was getting into my new role more and more.  I had 
never felt so strong before.  So powerful!  And I 
hadn't even taken him yet.

As I placed the head of the cock against his ass, I 
felt the moisture gushing from my sex like a fountain.  
I pushed forward, he groaned and the cheeks of his ass 
clenched tightly, but it was no use, I only pressed 
harder until the head slipped in.  

"Ow, ow god." He struggled to get away.  "I'm sorry 
honey.  Please, I can't  do this."

I pushed his arm up further.  "I'm not your honey 
bitch.  Do you think you can just tease me like this 
and then toss me away?  Besides, I know what a slut 
like you wants."

I took him with short tiny strokes, ever so slowly 
moving deeper and deeper into his ass.

I could feel the resistance fading with every stroke.  
Was it my imagination or was he pushing back against 
me? 

"That's it bitch.  Didn't I say I knew what a slut 
like you wanted?  That's it slut, just relax and give 
it up to me."  He was groaning now every time I 
bottomed out.

I slammed him harder.  My thighs were slapping loudly 
as they collided with his on every stroke. "Don't I 
know what you want?  Don't I, bitch?"

"Ugh - yes," he admitted.  He was mine now and we both 
knew it.

My pussy quaked.  I was getting ready to cum, but I 
still wanted a little more.  

"Come on slut.  Pick your leg up and put it on the 
counter.  That's good.  Pull your knee to your face, 
but don't you dare look at me.  If you look at me, I'm 
going to have to kill you bitch, cause I'm not going 
to jail."

I watched as he got in the position I wanted him in.  
He looked so vulnerable; I began to cum with the first 
stroke.  I took his ass with long hard strokes.  My 
cock was covered in foamy bubbles from the detergent.   
"Ah-ah-ah-I'm cumming," I cried.  "Oh God, you're 
making me cum, you hot little bitch."

My strokes slowed as my orgasm waned.   I felt 
something on my hip.  I looked down in surprise at my 
husband's hand.  

"Please," he begged.  "I'm so close."

I slowly pulled it out, marveling as his reddened 
pucker opened and closed, before my eyes.  

"Not much of a tease now, are you?  Tell me bitch.  
Tell me what you want.  Do you want to be the fucker 
or do you want to be the fuckee?"

He tried to pull me into him, but I wanted him to say 
it.  To tell me what I wanted to hear.  "Tell me."

He trembled to my touch.  "I-I want to . . . be the 
fuckee.  Please," he groaned.

I looked at him there with his eyes closed in such a 
vulnerable position on the counter.  I slid all the 
way into him with one stroke knowing that he was mine.   
I wondered what was going through his mind.  Was he 
imagining it was me fucking him or someone else?  It 
didn't really matter.  I was there and I was fucking 
him.

I dropped the knife and grabbed him by the hair. I 
pulled him back into me.  "Tell me what you want.  
Tell me bitch!"

"Fuck me - ugh- oh God fuck me!" he moaned.

"Fuck you where, whore?" I demanded, as I slapped his 
ass hard enough for the neighbors to hear.

"Fuck-my-ass-ugh," Bryan grunted.

I slapped him hard on the ass.  "Louder bitch!  I 
didn't hear you."

"Ugh-Fuck-my-ass-ahh-fuck-my-ass!"

"That's it bitch.  Tell the world what a slut you 
are."  His body glistened as he squirmed from the 
pleasure.  His leg knocked a cup down on the floor.  
It wasn't going to be long now.

I grabbed his swollen cock and pumped it.  "You're 
cumming bitch, I can feel it.  You better scream for 
me whore.  Scream out loud!"

"I'm cumming," he cried in a long soul piercing wail.  
I jerked his cock as he spurted, covering his face and 
the counter with his copious discharge.  After he came 
down from his climax, I gently pulled out of him.  

"You were the best fuck ever, my little tease."  I 
licked his semen from my fingers. "When you get 
cleaned up, your wife will be in bed waiting for the 
most gorgeous hunk of husband in the world to fuck her 
brains out."

I clutched his panting body close to mine and kissed 
his back.  "I love you," I whispered and then went to 
wait for him in bed.
 

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





