BDSM Library - When The Past Comes Back To Hunt You




When The Past Comes Back To Hunt You
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Grace is a beautiful mother blackmailed by her son's friends. It's a story of a mother's love and sacrifice to her son.
When The Past Comes Back To Hunt You



Ding! Dong!

Grace Thompson hurriedly went into the front door to open it. Now who could it
be? She thought absently. I'm not expecting anyone today. Robbie's in a summer
vacation with his grandma and grandpa, and I'm on live in my secretarial job in
a small firm for at least another week. "Its probably just another sales agent,"
she sighed. "Oh well..."

While she walk into the front door, grace admired her house. Living in
mid-salaried, suburban area had its advantages. For one thing the crime rate in
her community is almost zero. The large front door was facing the flush spacious
living room. Two smaller ones flank the long, black spacious sofa in the center
of the room. In the middle was a low, crystal-clear glass table. To the right of
the sofa dominates the glass sliding door leading into the small swimming pool
outside. She almost smiled in seeing that.

The pool was Michael's pet project. Michael Thompson was her late husband. He
adored her. Michael knows about her past, and still he accepted Grace. He was
the one who saves her, and changes her for the best. And for that, grace will
always love him. That was why grace can still feel the hurt every time she
remembers the night a drunk driver took away the life of her Michael.

Grace was now in her early 30's. But she still has the best body in town. Nobody
can believe that Michael, a balding man with a sagging stomach, could catch such
a beauty. Her legs seems to stretch for miles, and having a 26d cup breast in a
thin waistline made everyone, specially the men, took notice of her everywhere
she goes, even in any dress. Fathers, uncles, and even older big brothers
started escorting their children to school, when grace started bringing her son
6 years ago.

Almost any guy she met, either in the grocery or in school, eventually started
flirting and asking her out. All of them wanted to take her to bed. But nobody
really knows grace, except Michael. Michael met her 11 years ago in a club, as a
prostitute. She still could remember asking money first, and that Michael gave
it easily. But he didn't want to fuck. He said he just wanted to talk. They talk
all night. Michael was asking about her past mostly and listening with sincere
interest in his face. There were other nights. And after a year of dating, he
asked her to marry him. Grace remembered refusing, but Michael was so persuasive
that in the end she said yes. That was the best decision of her life. Michael
proves her devotion by providing her with everything she wants. He paid for her
re-enrollment in college, and he supported her all the way until she got a
descent job as a secretary in a small firm. In return, grace tried to become a
good wife. She learned to cook, and clean the house. And made Michael really
happy at night. Grace could never forget Michael. Damn the drunken guy who
killed him!!

Ding! Dong!

"Coming... just a minute!"

Opening the door, grace was mildly surprise to see Greg, and Eric and another
kid she didn't recognize. They were Robbie's friends, her 16-year-old son. They
were older than Robbie by a year but her son had a higher year level in school
than these boys.

Greg, the one this group consider there leader, wear jeans, T-shirt, and a
jacket, while the other two wore the secondary level uniform just like
Robbie's-the white polo shirt and black slack pants. "Good morning Mrs.
Thompson," Greg said. "May we come in?"

"Of course," grace said smiling. "Make yourself at home. But I'm afraid Robbie
isn't here. He's in his grandpa's house for the following week."

Greg smiled slowly. Somehow, Grace didn't like the way that happened. "It's okay
Mrs. Thompson, we came to see you."

Grace absently notices the other 2 kids being fidgety and nervous. Grace decided
to concentrate her attention on Greg. "See me about what, dear?"

The three teenagers entered the house and wondered inside the living room. Greg
easily sat on the sofa as if he doesn't have any care in the world. The other
two boys followed and sat down. Grace watched them and could not help disliking
Robbie's friends. She knew she was being unfair, but that was what she was
feeling.

She knew Greg and Eric for a year and a half now, when Robbie brought them over
one evening for dinner. It was obvious that they have a crush on her but Greg
was so cool about it. His wandering eyes always get caught and he did not even
get embarrass or afraid about it. Greg was a tall guy for his age, about 6'2'',
taller than grace by about 3 inches. Black, curly hair ragged skin, wide
shouldered, and about 140 pounds. But what really gives him a character is his
deep, black eyes. It dominates his face with its penetrating emptiness, giving
him a sinister look. Eric, meanwhile, is a 17-year-old kid with freckled face,
and sharp broken nose. He always looks nervous and jumpy. And Robbie told her
about Eric being famous with his short temper, always starting a fight from the
simplest things. The last guy, the one they called mark, was also dark-haired
with ordinary pictures. The kind of person you wouldn't look twice at in the
street.

"Would you like some lemonade?"

"Thank you Mrs. Thompson, but that can wait for now," Greg said. "Please sit
down"

Although it was said politely, grace easily knew that it was an order. Keeping
her temper, she did not sit down. She stared back at Greg who as usual was
rudely checking her out from head to toe. From the faint smile in his lips, she
knew he like what he saw. Grace was wearing a white blouse, and a simple
knee-length skirt - A typical housewife look. Her shining black hair was up and
secured by a small hairclip. "I'm quite busy today boys." Grace walks into the
kitchen and prepared some lemonade nevertheless. "So can I ask what this is all
about?"

"Is your VHS player working Mrs. Thompson?" Greg asked, unperturbed by grace's
annoyed tone of voice. Even before Mrs. Thompson answered, he was already taking
out a VHS tape in his backpack and starting the player.

When Grace came back from the kitchen, the 3 boys were already watching the tape
in the TV. Grace didn't took notice of the movie they were watching until she
brought down the tray of 4 ice-cold lemonade glasses in the living room's table.
When she turned, she noticed something at the side of her eyes. She looks
directly at the TV. It was a penis. She was shocked. How dare these kids bring
pornography into her house. She was about to shout at them to get out of the
house when a young face of a woman appeared in the TV and covered the penis with
her mouth. The woman then started sucking the unknown man. The camera zoomed
into the woman's face as she turned to look at it. Then Greg freezes the picture
with the remote. Grace caught her breath. The woman was obviously high in drugs,
but still beautiful. It was Grace.

She couldn't believe it. She was ten years younger then, but still it was
undeniably her. She could feel her entire body turn cold. "Where?...Where did
you get this?"

"Oh some guy who is a friend of my old man gave him a copy of what he said is
the best fuck he ever had," Greg said casually. Eric was looking at her
intensely, while mark is still transfixed at the TV. "I found it lock up in my
father's secret case in the basement. Since the old man's dead, I guess he
wouldn't need it anymore.

Grace tore her eyes away from the screen and turned to Greg who was still
sitting comfortably in the sofa. "Why? Why do you have to show me that?!"

"Simple," Greg said evilly. " I want to fuck you."

Grace was so shocked she couldn't speak. She couldn't hardly breathed. She
noticed that Eric and mark was already watching them. "What?!!"

Greg leaned over and reached for lemonade. He was staring at her while he
sipped. "You only have two choices grace," now it was only grace, not Mrs.
Thompson. "One, you refused and we show this film in school, in front of all the
teachers, the students, and most of all to your cherished son, Robbie."

"No!!"

"Or you can agree that you will do everything we want you to do and you can have
all the tapes we have..."

Grace blinked at Greg. " ...All the tapes?"

"Of course," Greg said laughing. He finished his lemonade and slowly put it back
into the table. "Do you think we're some kind of a stupid idiot? This is only
your copy."

Grace finally regained her shattered thoughts. She turned around, crash into a
nearby vase and run into a small room that she turned into her home office. She
frantically tried to open the drawer, rummage into the contents until she found
what she was looking for: Michael's colt .45 gun. She threw herself into the
door, stop in the living room, pointed the gun at the three boys and shouted,
"give me those tapes now!!! Damn you, give it to me!!!"

Eric and mark was startled and almost jumped into their seats. Greg didn't move.
" Oh shit!!" mark gasped. "Greg, do something!!!"

"Relax, can't you take a little heat?"

Grace pointed the gun directly at Greg. "Give me all your tapes now or I swear
I'm gonna kill you!!"

Slowly, Greg stood up. Like a cat moving, ready to attack. Involuntarily, Grace
took a step backward. "You stupid bitch," he hissed. "Don't you think I already
planned for this?" Grace didn't speak.

Greg took another step forward. "I already made my last will and testament,"
Greg said grimly. "I put 4 copies of this tape into four different banks. If I
die in any reason, then those tapes will be delivered either to the school, to
your neighbors, or to Robbie himself!" Greg was delighted in hearing a small
groan escaping grace's lips. He steps closer to her. "What? You gonna shoot me?
Then do it!!" Grace didn't even saw Greg's hand as it quickly swats the gun away
from grace. He followed that with a hard in the right side of grace's face with
the back of his hand. Grace stumbled down the floor.

Greg took the gun. "Now, are you gonna let us have our little fun or you want us
to destroy your life forever?" Greg could see that grace was sobbing silently,
and it was music to her ears. The turmoil in grace mind was visible to the 3
boys. But Greg was sure that Mrs. Thompson would brake. "Okay, you win," Grace
said, knowing that she was trapped. "I'll do everything you want, just don't
show those pictures to Robbie..."

Greg could not conceal the triumph in his eyes. "Good," he said matter of
factly. "Now go to the living room and face the sofa."

Defeated, grace slowly stood up and walks into the small space that Greg had
indicated. Then she faced the sofa and the teenage boys. Greg followed her and
slumped into the sofa, Eric and mark besides him. Both were frozen in their
seats, and are intently watching grace, which was awkwardly standing in front of
them. Greg smiled and rests his feet at the edge of the table.

Oh god! Grace's brain was screaming. How did I get myself into this? I don't
want to have sex with these children, but I also can't let Robbie know about my
past. I love my son too much to put him in such an experience. "Please...please
Greg don't do this to me," She begged. "I don't wanna do this." Inexplicably,
her last passing thought was about the stain on the table that will be created
by Greg's dirty feet.

"Shut up, bitch" Greg said. Although he didn't shouted, the words ringed at her
ears. " I don't give a shit what you like or don't like to do. The only thing
you have to understand is that we own you now and that you'll do everything we
want you to do. After we're through with you, you get your tapes. You
understand?"

Grace could not believe her ears. "Please..."

"Rule No.1" Greg cut her off. "You don't talk unless someone told you so. Rule
no.2, every time you hesitate to do anything we want you to do, you get hit."

With that Grace stop talking. Eric's face was filled with anticipation. Mark had
irregular breathing. "Now grace," Greg slowly smiled. "Unbutton your blouse, and
hold it open in front of us."

Grace stared at him for a second. She was expecting it. But now that he actually
said it, grace could still not believe it. Eric thought that Mrs. Thompson would
surely refuse and half expecting her to turn around and ran away. After what
seems like an eternity, Grace stared at the wall behind Greg and her hands
shakily started unbuttoning the top button of her blouse. Slowly, the thick,
white blouse opened. Her black lace bra was slowly exposed to the 3 boys. Greg
did not move. Finally, it was open. Taking a deep breath, grace opened the
blouse and holds it with her unsteady hands.

"Now take it off." Eric and mark wondered how Greg could maintain his voice.
"Now the skirt, grace."

Tears started dropping in her eyes but she obeyed. She reach back, found the
zipper and slowly drag it down. Reluctantly, she shook herself until the skirt
fell into the ground. She was wearing a matching  black bra and panty. She
cursed herself for deciding to wear her new lingerie this morning. The sexy,
high-cut underwear was her most comfortable pair, but now she could see what it
was doing to her tormentors. The panty was like a second skin molding tightly
from her crotch to her ass. But Eric and mark's attention was in her bra. It
barely holds Mrs. Thompson's ample cleavage. Her full nipples were clearly
visible in the material's fabric. "Show us those big knockers!!" Mark blurted
out.

Instinctively, Grace hand crossed her chest in a vain attempt to cover herself.
By now, the tears were running down her cheeks. "Please..."

Nobody saw how quickly Greg stood up covered the distance to grace and slapped
her hard in the face. The force was strong enough to make her step backward, but
she didn't fall. "I told you, you don't talk bitch!" Greg shouted.

Grace was now openly squirming in front of Greg. Her left hand touching her face
while the other was used as a pathetic shield from another blow. "I'm sorry,
I..."

"Shut up!"

She did. But Greg was in control again like a switch. The evil smile was back.
He leaned close and unashamedly inhaled the smell of her. He whispered, "Now why
don't you be a good girl and do what mark wants you to do."

"Come on! Come on!" mark repeated.

Reluctantly, with Greg still close, she obeyed. She reached back and unhooked
the straps. She let it slide down her shoulder. And with a deep breath, she let
it fall to the ground. Her glorious breast was exposed for all to see. At that
close Greg could easily see the firmness of her erect pink nipples.  

Mark wasn't satisfied. "Now show us your beautiful bush! Show it bitch! Now!"

"That's right. Now, you fucking slut, now!" Eric was almost hysterical.

"No," Greg said authoritatively. Mark and Eric turned silent. Grace turned to
him, her eyes with a glimmer of hope. "I mean, not yet..." Greg continued,
savoring every inch of disappointment that run into grace's face.

Unexpectedly, Greg grabbed her hair and pulled grace into the couch. She fell
into the sofa helplessly. Then she turned to Eric, who was approaching the sofa.
Grace watched Eric, her eyes like those of a trap doe in a hunter's aimed gun.
Eric stood in front of her, and grace was immediately frightened from the evil
hate behind the smile Eric wore so badly. Eric started unbuckling the belt in
his trousers. "Remember last summer Mrs. Thompson when I fell into the oak tree
in your backyard and I sprained my left ankle?" Grace vaguely remembered, but
she was more concerned in Eric's frantic hands loosening his belt. Finally, he
threw his belt away. Then he started unbuttoning his pants. "My father was so
angry because he couldn't understand why I'm in that damn tree in the first
place." Eric unzipped his pants and with one swift motion, pulled down both his
pants and brief. His erection was exposed in front of grace. "You see, I
couldn't tell him. I was at the tree so I can spy on you after you finish taking
a shower. You'll walk into your room naked for a while before you brush your
hair and change clothes. There I will jerk off before you finish dressing. But
that day, I was so carried away I forgot holding a branch and I fell." He
laughed. His eyes never leaving her breast. Grace could hardly look at Eric. She
wanted to close her ears. She didn't want to hear perverted stories.

Then like a light bulb, Eric's laugh was gone. "Hold your breast, Mrs. Thompson.
Now! Hold it in front of me. And open your eyes, damn it! Look at me!" Grace
touched her own breast, cupping it obediently in front of Eric. She opened her
eyes. But she could not look at Eric. She just couldn't. Eric whipped out his
dick and waves it in front of her. Then still intently looking at grace, he
started jerking off. "Squeeze it! Squeeze it!" Mechanically, grace did what she
was told. She massages her breast. At first just softly. But sensing Eric was
about to explode in anger, more forcefully.

"That's it, bitch" Eric said hoarsely, his eyes were almost half-closed. His
hands a blur in his 8-inched dick. "I think you know I was watching you, huh?
You dirty slut! You want me to look at you, forcing me to do these dirty things.
You know I was watching you!!"

"No, please.... I don't..."

"Shut up! Squeeze your jugs! Squeeze  'em dry! That's it...Yeah."

Then Mark was pushed to sit next to grace. Abruptly, Grace stop massaging her
breasts and looks at mark. He was stark naked, Quite skinny, but grace was
horrified seeing his enormous rod. How could a 17-year-old kid have a stiff dick
as big as that? Grace thought. Greg was the one who pushed mark to her, then
went behind the sofa and whispered, "Mark is kinda lazy, Grace. So give him a
hand job." Before she could even think about it, Mark was already her hands and
guiding it to his cock. "Make it good Mrs. Thompson," mark said, as he forces
grace to wrap her delicate hand to his pulsating phallus. "I know you're used to
doing this anyway."  Mark was guiding her hand in the first few strokes, but
finally letting grace do it herself afterwards. He then proceeded exploring her
body. Facing her, he put one hand to her shoulder and pulled her closer, while
the other hand started molding her body. Grace cringed, but kept on stroking
mark's penis. Eric was oblivious of this and continued jacking off in front of
them. Mark grab her hair and forced her lips to kiss him.  Grace was disgusted
with the wet, sloppy feeling as mark tongue darted inside hers, seeking to open
it. Grace remembered that she shouldn't resist him, and slightly opened her
mouth.  Mark's demanding tongue roamed inside her own tongue and teeth. Grace
moaned when the pressure of mark's hand in her increases. He started pinching
her nipples. Since her face was still turned to mark, grace couldn't see the one
who sat at the other side of  her. But she could sense it as the pressure of the
sofa shifted. She felt another hand caressing her flat belly. Was it Greg? Mark
finally let go of her face and started licking her neck instead. Awkwardly,
since mark was still forcing her to lean on him, Grace tried to turn around.
Then her luminous, big, blue eyes suddenly were staring in Greg's empty black
eyes. Then she shivered. Greg's hand slide into her panty and started massaging
her cunt. "Don't please..." She whispered. "Please..."

"I always wanted to do this to you, Grace" Greg whispered back. Overriding the
slurping sounds that mark is making as he devoured grace's breast with his
mouth. And the rhythmic "Pak! Pak! Pak!" sound as Eric masturbates.

How the hell did I get myself into this? Grace's brain was screaming. Two guys
were groping and touching me while another one was jerking off in front of us
and I'm helping another one get off. It's impossible! She didn't how long it
was, but finally Eric came. His cum came spurting out in an arc and dropped in
mark's back.

"Oh Christ, man !!"

But eric didn't hear him and dropped into the other sofa. His eyes close, mouth
open and breathing deeply. "Yeah, that was great..."

Mark was also about to orgasm. His body His body was arched backward. Like,
eric, his eyes were close too. "Faster, bitch. Faster!!" He shouted.

Grace obeyed.

Another second or two passed and mark's body was rocking from spasm after spasm
after spasm. "AAAAHHH!!" His sticky cum pouring in grace's hand. After a moment,
he too slumped weakly in the sofa.

"Now its just the you and me, baby." Greg whispered in her ears, his hand still
busy inside his victim's panty. Abruptly, greg jumped into his feet. "Let's go
to your room," He ordered, pulling grace into her feet. Dazed, grace followed
greg's instruction without speaking. Her hand automatically covering her exposed
breast.

The lighted L-shaped corridor that leads to her room seems like miles away to
her as she walks in the end of it to go to her own room. Hers and Michael's. I
haven't had sex in my room for the last 4 years and now I'm leading a teenage
boy half my age to my bed to rape me. She wanted to run, but robbie's hurt face
kept coming to her mind. No, I have to do this. I'll have to do everything they
want, for robbie's sake. It doesn't matter. I have done this a hundred times
already in the past. I'm just reliving it. A drop of tear came to her crystal,
blue eyes. That was exactly the point. I thought I have left my past. But now it
is all coming back to me with a vengeance. Oh god! I don't wanna do this...

"Stop sniveling, whore."

Upon reaching the room,Greg pushed grace into her bed. She sat up at the edge of
the king-sized bed and consciously tried to be smaller. Greg walked close, and
with his knees, separated her legs and positioned himself in front of her. "Open
your eyes and watched me,"  the voice were calm and soothing, like a doctors.
Then slowly, he stripped she was forced to watched him. First the jacket, then
he raised his shirt. He kicked off his shoes, pulled his socks and finally
unzipped his trousers. Then he paused. Grace thought for a moment that in some
insane irony that greg might be shy. But after a second she realized that he was
just making sure that grace was looking. He bend over, his face inches away from
grace, and started pulling his brief down. "not my face, look at my cock."  It
was at least 8 inches long. It was red, and big, and menacing. "Take a good
look, He leered. "That will be your master for a long time..."

"Now hold it in both hands," Greg said. "So it will stay hard while I pull your
panties down." Grace did what she was ordered to do.

When she was totally naked, Greg told her to lay down on her back. In the center
of the bed, Grace laid down. Greg took both of her wrist, yanked it to the bed
post, and making a loop with his belt, tied her hands down. Then he tied the
other end of the belt to the post itself.

Now Grace was completely helpless. Her wrist hurt from being tied so tightly.
Greg was now placing himself between her legs. Using his hands, He started
entering her cunt. His fingers work expertly to make her wet. Grace closed her
eyes tightly that it hurts. Greg was succeeding. Finally, Greg placed his cock
in her opening and shoved it in. Despite the lubrication, Grace felt an
excruciating pain. After shoving his cock inside her however, Greg stop. "Look
at me, bitch!" Greg ordered.

Slowly, Grace opened her eyes and saw Greg's face inches away from her own.
"Keep your eyes open, bitch or you gonna get hurt even more." For a moment he
waited and made sure Grace was following instructions.  Satisfied, He started
moving. He withdrew and then plunged his cock back again and again and again.
The bed was creaking from every impact of Greg's violent thrust inside Grace's
gorgeous body. Small moans escape her mouth even though she was biting her lower
lip to stop herself from screaming in agony. Greg buried his face in her neck,
but Grace 's eyes were still open looking at the ceiling while Greg was pounding
her.

Her wrist was going numb as it get pulled from the continues pressure. Greg
pumped faster and faster. He didn't even tried to touch her breast, keeping his
hands in grace's shoulder, gripping it painfully instead. It's as if nothing
else exist except her cunt which he was attacking madly.  The pain was
excruciating for Grace, while she kept hearing her grunts of satisfaction. My
god! I'm being Rape! "Oh man," Greg groaned dreamily. "I never thought it will
be this good! UMPH! Take it bitch! Take it all!"

Grace has no idea how long it took until Greg finally explodes inside her. But
it doesn't matter anymore because after he finally stood up, Mark and Eric was
already waiting for there turn.

"Guys, guys!! Come on..." Greg said. "Don't fight. We got all day. She's yours
whenever you want her."

Eric was looking at grace's sprawled body in bed. She still haven't covered her
vagina which is dripping wet from sweat and Greg's white, sticky cum. "Okay," he
said reluctantly. You go a head Mark. I'll take the next ride..."

Mark eagerly jump in the bed. Greg and eric went back to the living room and
left them for a while.

Mark was already taking off the belt which have tied Grace in the bed post.
Grace mercifully rubbed her wrist to bring back blood from her numbed hand. Mark
just watched her. He was already naked, and his large phallus pointed directly
at the side of Grace's hips. It was proof of his eagerness to begin.

"Thank you," Grace said quietly.

"Thank you isn't good enough, Mrs. Thompson. You have to pay for that with your
services."

Grace didn't speak. IT won't make any difference if she did. She could not even
look at him in the eyes. Mark pushed her out of the bed then sat himself at the
edge of it. His eyes never living Grace's body. "Spread your legs, Mrs.
Thompson" Mark ordered. "From now on, you will never cover your pussy in front
of us. Your pussy is ours now and we want it to be displayed for us all the
time." Grace could do nothing but to obey. Two red spot appeared in her cheek.

"Okay, come here and suck me good," Mark ordered.

Grace edged near him and miserably did her task. Mark could feel the heating
sensation he received as Grace's exquisite mouth covered his dick. "Faster
bitch! Suck it faster!" his hand grabbing a fistful of hair at the back of
Grace's head.

The sucking sound grew noticeably faster as mark applied pressure at grace's
hair. "Now reach with your hand below, and touch your pussy, slut" mark said ,
his voice thick with pure, uncontrolled lust. "I want you to finger your cunt
while you suck my dick!"

Mechanically, Grace reach below and with her left arm, started masturbating as
she continued sucking mark's penis. She didn't want anymore unnecessary pain.
"Oh yeah! Good...that's it...Yeah! Your really good at this, bitch"

Then all of a sudden, Mark jerk her head off his dick, the sudden movement made
grace whimper out loud. "All right Mrs. Thompson," Mark said frantically, as he
got up in the middle of the bed and laid down in his back. "Get on top of me and
ride me real hard!"

Reluctantly, Grace stood up. She climb the bed, then ever so slowly, sat in
mark's dick. Grace was gritting her teeth as inch by inch, mark's enormous penis
entered her. Fortunately, rubbing herself gave her enough lubrication so that it
was not so painful.

"Let's play a little game, shall we?" Greg was standing at the door, Eric behind
him. Greg walk into the phone near her make up drawer. He then took the phone in
his hand and started playing with it.

"We'll just have to energize your performance level a little bit, Mrs. Thompson.
You see, we seem to get the feeling that your heart is not into it." Greg
laughed. Mark and grace was so spellbound that for a while they forgot what they
were doing. "Okay, I'm giving you five minutes to make mark come inside you. If
you do not reach that time limit, I'm starting to call your son in grandpa's
house, and tell him who was good enough to visit his lovely mommy."

"No! Please..."Grace sobbed, her eyes filled with teats. "I'm begging you...I'm
doing everything you want...please, live robbie alone"

"The clock is ticking grace..."

Grace slowly turned to mark who wore an expectant look in his face. Grace closed
her eyes, and deliberately move her hips. She started to shoved her cunt in
mark's waiting cock. Grace biting her lips as she pick up speed, fucking mark
powerfully. "Attah girl..."She heard greg said in the background. The pain grew
inside her body but she nevertheless increase her pace. She hated what she was
doing, actually fucking this boy in order to save herself and her family from
this awful boy's knowledge. 2 minutes passed, even Mark's eyes were close by
now. Grace cold see at the side of her eyes that Greg was clocking them with his
wristwatch. She started panicking. What if I can't make it this boy come inside
me in the next 3 minutes? Grace refused to think about it, instead she increase
her pace even more. The bed was vibrating from the impact of her shoved.
Forgetting every last inch of dignity, she took mark's arm and put them to her
own breast. Oh please! Grace thought, make your orgasm now! Not only because of
Greg's threat to her, but also to stop the punishment to her tired body. Another
minute passed. Then ten seconds, then another ten. Then another.

Finally, Mrak gave a loud satisfied cry. "AAAAHHHH!!!" Grace slowed her thrust
when she felt hot, sticky sperm shoot inside her pussy. Fortunately I'm still
using pills for my menstruation., she thought miserably. Mark finally finished
ejaculating.

"Wow! Just in time, grace!" Greg said smiling. "I never thought how hard that
is. I just didn't think. Guess next time we'll make it a little bit easier."
Greg's smile became a leer.  "When you fuck Eric, I'll give you 6 minutes."
Grace was careful in hiding her groan of misery.

Even before mark stood up from the bed, Eric was already climbing it. "No Greg,"
Eric said. "No time limit for me. I'll make this one last." He proceeded in
spreading Grace's lovely legs. Grace didn't even offered any resistance. He
positioned himself between it and shoved his big dick inside her abused cunt.
Grace arched her body upward from the sudden unbearable pain. It was like being
jolted by pure electricity.

"Now your gonna fuck a real man, Mrs. Thompson"

Oh please, it hurts. Please stop it..."

"Just shut up, bitch. And enjoy it," Eric said, as he started thrusting inside
her. It wasn't the quick, almost blurry fuck she got from Greg and Mark. Eric
was doing a rhythmic, short deliberate thrust that made every entrance an agony
to Grace. Again, the bed was creaking from every powerful thrust Eric made.

"Bitch, reach back and grab my butt, while I'm pounding you. Then wrapped your
legs over me." Grace silently obeyed, as Eric's penis kept on burying inside
her.

Grace's private hell lasted for a full 30 minutes. Eric fuck her again and again
and again. Eric was insatiable. After ejaculating, he would be limped on top of
her, then after 10-20 seconds she could feel Eric's depleted sex organ inside
her starting to grow back in his former glory. Then Eric will resume pounding
her again. 6 times Eric recovered his vigor, 6 times he fuck her very hard, and
6 times he came inside her. Finally he rolled over his back spent. His hands
still idly stoking Grace's breast.

Grace didn't move. She couldn't move. She remained still as Eric massage her
tits. Her face streaking with tears as she looks stonily in the roof. She even
hasn't closed her legs. She fears that Eric isn't done yet and that if he found
her cunt not ready for instant access, Eric would hit her again. So she remained
there spread-eagled besides Eric who was still catching her breath.



                            
********************************************************************************
****



Time flew after that. She didn't even realize when Eric stood up and started
putting on his clothes back. An hour or so passes, when she heard Greg's voice
calling her in the living room. Painfully, she got up in bed and walk into the
source of the sound like in a trance. Greg, mark and Eric were all dress up,
sitting in the sofa. "Come here, Grace" Greg said indicating his lap. Still
naked, she mechanically walks to Greg. Like a little girl who would tell Santa
what she wants for Christmas, Grace sat in Eric's lap. For a while, Greg just
watched her. Then he said, "We love to stay but we all have to go back to our
house."

 Grace shivered anew as Greg cupped one of her perfect breast. "But we'll be
back tomorrow, don't worry. Then we'll continue our little party. Do you want
that?" a tear drops in grace face. It seems that her tears will never stop.
"Yes," Grace whispered. After a moment, she steeled her nerves and asks, "But
when will I get my tapes back?"

"When we are tired of you, Grace" He said, like explaining something trivial to
a retarded. "Then you'll get all of it. So you must do your best every time we
are here so that we can get tired quickly." Grace bowed her head in misery. Her
spirit totally defeated.

"Now tomorrow we expect a warmer welcome from you" Greg continued, playing with
Grace's pink nipple. You should prepare lunch for us and clean the house  more,
This place is a mess! And wear that perfume you always used when you go out."

"Yeah, I like that a lot," Eric butted in.

"And from now on you don't have to wear any stocking or pantyhose or even a
bra," Greg said matter of factly. "You only wear a panty that is cut high in the
back so most of your ass shows. If you don't have any panties like that, then
you don't wear any panties either. You with me so far?"

Grace silently nodded. She didn't even feel Greg's hand in her chest anymore.

"Good, Then go shopping tonight and buy yourself some really sexy nighties. We
rummaged through your stuff a little while ago and yours are pretty dull. Buy
those kinky nighties which are almost see-through so we'll really enjoy it
undress you."

"Well, that's it." Greg said standing up. He looked at her, but grace could not
meet his gaze. "Bye Mrs. Thompson, See you tomorrow."

With that, all three teenagers left the house. Grace sat on the sofa, still
naked. She started to cry. A long miserable cry. When she was spent, she willed
herself to stand up. Absently, she cleaned the living room table of the mess
they created. Then she went into the bedroom and cleaned that place too. Then
naked, she sat at the bed, took the phone and started dialing.

It only rang once then somebody picked up the phone at the other end. "Hello?"

"Robbie? Is that you?..."

"Mom! How are yah? I'm feeling great down here..." Robbie told her about the
party he went to last night and the driving lessons his grandfather is teaching
him. All the while the tears in came back in Grace eyes. "Well that's it for
now, Mom. I gotta go, Grandma is calling me. Bye!" Robbie hanged up the phone.

Grace sat there for a while, then with a great effort, she stood up and head for
the bathroom. She has to take a shower and get dress. She has to go shopping and
buy the sexy nightgown Greg ordered her to wear.

"I mist not forget that I'm not to wear any bra and panty...."



THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Perfecto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





