BDSM Library - Tara's Revenge




Tara's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Woman kidnapps a man and makes him pay for what he did to her friend (A BDSM love story).
Tara's Revenge

	Tony. How Tara hated Tony for how he used and abused her best friend
Mary. It had taken her months to plan but by the day's end Tony would be a
changed man. Tara had gotten Tony and Mary a gig on the Jerry Springer Show. It
was a show about women who were abused by the man in their life and refused to
leave them. Tara wanted the world to know what a pig Tony was before his
disappeared from the face of the earth. Tony was tall and good looking. He wore
tight pants and shirts that only buttoned half-way exposing his hairy chest and
the numerous gold chains that hung from his neck. He believed he was god's gift
to women. He dressed Mary like a whore and refused to allow her to interact with
other men. Tony had no problems hitting Mary if he felt she got out of line. For
years Tara tried to get Mary to leave him. She decided to take matters into her
own hands. Tony was going to pay big time for his abuse of Mary. This thought
made Tara even more moist between her legs. The day of the show's taping has
arrived and Tara's fun was about to begin.

	Tara had arrived early for the taping. She had sweet talked a security
guard into allowing her to park her rental van in the alley behind the studio.
Not far from the 'green' room. Tara was dressed in a pair of tight black leather
pants. She wore a white silk blouse that was a size too small and showed her
mid-drift. Red spikes finished her outfit. She dressed so that Tony would be
intrested in her. Over the years Tony had hit on her many times; she wanted him
to think this was his lucky day. Tony and Mary arrived soon after. Mary was in a
tube top and short leather mini skirt. The top of her thigh high stockings
failed to meet the bottom of the skirt. Her make up was extremly heavey but Tara
suspected it was hiding a bruise under the eye. Tony dressed like he always did.

	Tony and Mary were on stage with other couples. Tara was watching from
the green room. Tony was being a real jerk and was getting most of the heat from
the audiance. Tara removed a small brown envelope from her purse. It contained
three little pills a nurse friend had given her. These pills would not knock
Tony out but should make him feel like he had way too much to drink. Tara
dropped the pills one at a time into a can of Coke. With each pill drop she got
a twitch in her crotch and became very aware as to how tight her pants really
were. The fun was about to begin. 

	There was a break in the taping and some of the people on the stage came
into the green room for some refreshments. Tony was one of them. Tony eyed Tara
with a leer. It was obvious that Tony liked what he saw. Tara had two cans of
Coke in her hands and offered one to Tony. Suspicion crossed Tony's face, "why
was Tara being nice to him"? "Where is Mary", Tara asked? "She is in the can"
Tony answered swiping the Coke from Tara's grasp. Tony proceeded to chug down
the whole can followed by a huge belch. 'This is too easy', Tara thought and
felt that now familar twinge between her legs. Tony registered a note of lust
from Tara's stare. "You want me baby don't you"? Tara didn't say no; "there is
something differnt about you now that you are a big TV star". Tony smiled like a
pig in shit and headed back to the stage; break time was over. Tara could barely
control her excitement. Things are going perfectly.

	Tara sat and watched the rest of the show while slowly brushing her hand
against her breasts and crotch; god she had never been this horny in her life.
During the show Tony's behavior became more and more erratic. It got so bad that
two of Springer's security people dragged Tony back to the green room and laid
him out on the couch. They both thought he was shit-faced drunk. Tara and Tony
were alone in the green room. Tony saw Tara staring at him and watched as she
squeezed her breasts in one hand and was rubbing her crotch hard with the other.
"You want me bad don't you girl"? "More then you can imagine Tony". Tony
staggered to his feet and was walking towards Tara while pulling down his
zipper. "Not here you big oaf", Tara shouted. "Where then", Tony slured? "I have
a van parked right outside, are you game"? "Lead the way baby". And lead the way
Tara did by taking Tony's hand in hers. He could barely walk. Tony's life was
about to change.

	Tara could barely contain herself. They had reached the rear of Tara's
rental van. It was one of those vans people rent to move things. Tony roughly
grabbed Tara in a strong embrace and snaked his tounge into Tara's suprised
mouth. Revoltion swept over her and she feared he may be too strong for her to
handle. Tara's hand quickly shot to Tony's crotch. Her hand closing around
Tony's balls. She began to squeeze. Tony was at first excited that Tara was so
eager to play then his excitement turned to pain. He released her from his
embrace and was rearing back to hit her. Calmly Tara said,"slow down tiger lets
get into the van first". Tony's hand stopped its flight to Tara's face. She
reached into her pocket and came out with the keys to the van. Unlocking the
doors she swung them open; Tony's hand was rubbing her ass. "Tony lets make this
a bit more comfortable for us, reach in and grab that blanket that is way in the
back,please". As Tony stretched his body out to grab the blanket, Tara walk
behind him and sent her red pump covered foot flying into Tony's exposed balls.
Tony who was mostly in the van let out a scream and curled up into a fetal
position. Tara climb into the back of the van while closing the doors in one
fluid motion. She reached for a pair of police issued handcuffs she had waiting
in the van. Swiftly with a scene she had played out a thousand times in her
mind, she grabbed Tony's arms roughly behind him and ratcheted the cuffs around
his wrists. Tony fought to come to his senses but the pain and his drug fogged
brain would not react quick enough. He put up a pitiful struggle as Tara was
using leather straps to bind his legs. "You Bitch, what the fuck do you think
you are doing"!? "Oh what a dirty mouth we have", Tara quietly said. "We'll have
to do something about that", she added while producing a ball gag she had
purchased over the internet. In fact she had learned a lot and purchased several
toys Tony will soon get to play with. The internet is a wonderful thing she
thought as she slamed the ball home in Tony's protesting mouth. She tightly
buckled it to his head and produced a silk scarf to blindfold Tony. She then
produced a thick leather collar from her bag of tricks. She buckled that to
Tony's neck and pad locked it. The leather collar had PIG engraved on it in
large letters. Tony was looking cute.

	"Just a few more preperations Tony and we'll be ready for the ride of
your life. Tony struggled hard against his bondage and a muffled scream of rage
escaped from the ball gag. "Sshh", Tara whispered. There'll be more then enough
time later for screaming. Tara got busy unbuckling Tony's pants. She did this
while she sat her full weight on Tony's torso, to keep him from wiggling too
much. His feet were lashed to a ring on to floor of the van. This protected Tara
from his legs. She unbuttoned his pants and  rolled them down off his hips.
Through his zebera printed briefs, Tara noticed that Tony's cock was semi-erect.
She proceeded to rub it to full erection. She was very happy to see the large
size of his package. This is going to be fun she thought. "Tony, I see you like
it when a woman roughs you up", she said as she countinued to stroke his rock
hard member. She produced a pair of scissors from her bottomless bag of tricks
and cut Tony's underware off with them. She ran the scissors up and down his
shaft. The cold steel was a shock to his cock; as she countiuned to run them up
and down his shaft he realized what they were. Tara snapped the scissors closed;
they made a loud shearing sound. Tony shook violently as he thought she had just
castrated him. He screamed into his gag. "Ssshhh, I won't cut the big guy off as
long as you cooperate with this next part. If you don't, then I'll Bobbit you".
With that she slammed the scissors closed as an exclamation point. She unbuckled
the leather strap that had secured his knees and rolled his pants down to his
ankles. With his cooperation she rolled him on to his stomach. "Spread your legs
as far as you can", she commanded. Whack! Her opened hand slammed into the side
of his ass. "Spread them further apart, you PIG"! Tony's legs were at their
limit and a bright red imprint of Tara's hand was on his ass. Tara reached into
her bag of tricks once more and came out with two pieces of curved wood held
together near the middle by a couple of wing nuts. She had been dying to use the
humbler ever since she saw it in use on some Dominatrix's web site. She grabbed
hold of Tony's balls and started streching them. Tony started to wiggle in
protest. Whack! Her hand came down harder then before. "Hold still PIG or you'll
be very sorry"! Tony froze. She seperated the humbler and pulled Tony's balls
through it. She closed the humbler on the sack skin between his balls and his
body. She procceded to tighten the wing nuts down. Not as tight as she could but
tight enough that his balls were not going any where soon. By this time she had
noticed that Tony had lost his erection. We'll have to do somthing about that
she thought. She pulled the humbler and Tony's balls through to the back of his
thighs where the humbler rests and were kept there by his sack trying to pull
his balls back into his body. This motion caused Tony to take a kneeling
position with his face grinding into the floor of the van. He was in great pain
and tried to relive as much pressure as he could from his nuts. Tara was very
pleased by this. His collar had lined up just where she had hoped. She took
another padlock from her bag and locked the collar to another ring in the van's
floor. Tony wasn't going any where for a long time. This was good since her
grandparents' farm house was almost a three hour drive. Before she took off she
had one more torment to perform.

	The excitement was too much for Tara to take. She was going to have to
take care of herself before she could drive. First she took the scarf blind fold
off of Tony. Then she reached into her bottomless bag and pulled out a rawhide
boot lace and a slim purple vibrator. She could see the pain and lust in Tony's
eyes; it was really turning her on. She put the retrieved objects down and
proceeded to peel the tight leather pants off herself. She then sat where she
knew Tony had a front row view and the vibrator hummed to life. She slowly
dragged the vibrator over and around her thighs. Slowly she teased her very hot
and damp womanhood. She moan softly as she teased her clit. More slowly she sank
it in and out of her love box. As she pumped it in and out her free hand started
rubbing her clit. Her moans got louder and louder. Just as she felt herself
going over the edge she took a peek at Tony's cock; it was once again rock hard.
She let out at soft scream as her entire body exploded into orgasm. It was the
strongest she could ever remember. It was so strong she cramped her toes. When
she had recovered a sly smile spread across her face as her eyes fixed on
Tony's. "I see you enjoyed the show", glancing at his swollen member. She
reached for the rawhide lace with one hand and Tony's cock with the other. After
giving Tony a couple of strokes to make sure he was as big as he could be, she
started to tightly wrap his member with the raw hide. "I want to make sure you
are up for this whole 3 hour drive". The lace felt to Tony that it was going to
cut his cock in two. He knew it wasn't going down. Tara looked down at the
vibrator that was still slick with her juices. She got an idea. Turning the
vibrator back on she twirled it around Tony's backdoor. Tony screamed and
wiggled in protest causing himself further pain from the humbler. Tara laughed
as she plunged the vibrator into his ass. Tony screamed in pain. Tara place the
scarf blind fold back on him and added an extre scarf to his already gagged
mouth. Tara dressed herself and climbed into the driver's seat. "Well Tony we
are off to your new home, enjoy the ride", she chuckled as she threw the van in
gear.

	Right from the start Tony knew it was going to be a long and hard drive.
At every turn, stop or bump in the rode the humbler was trying to rip his balls
off. It also felt like an angry hornet's nest in his ass. He had never been
penetrated before and it had hurt like hell, but now that feeling in his ass is
turning more pleasant. His thoughts were interrupted by a large pothole the van
hit. He was sure his balls were torn off. He screamed into his gag. Tara
laughed, she could not remember the last time she felt this good. And the good
times were just starting.

	Tara turned her van onto an unpaved road. About a mile away she could
see the old farmhouse that her grandparents had left her. The pot hole filled
dirt road was by far the most torturous part of the ride for Tony. He felt as if
he was losing his mind as the road tormented his body. All he seemed to
concentrate on was the now pleasant vibration coming from the vibrator planted
in his ass.

	At long last the van came to a stop and the engin cut off. Tara jumped
from the van and in a happy sing-song voice announced, "we are here"! The rear
doors of the van opened exposing Tony to the cool crisp air. Tara was a little
shocked to see the state Tony was in. He was sweating profusely and had a crazed
look in his eyes. She unlocked his collar from the van floor and untied the
ropes that were attached to his legs. Tony fell hard on his side as muscles
throughout his body spasm with their new freedom. He moaned long and hard into
his gag. Tara wondered as she pulled the vibrator from Tony's ass if she had
gone too far. That thought left her almost immediatly; she angrily thought that
Tony wasn't going to cheat her out of her fun. She snap a black leather leash to
his collar and proceeded to yank him out of the rear of the van. In her other
hand was a riding crop that she now started to hit Tony with to get him moving
out of the van. Tony somehow managed to get control of his muscles and started
inching out of the van. "Move it PIG!!!!" Tony's feet finally found the earth of
the driveway. He was hunched over due to the humbler and his legs still had his
pants around his ankles. Walking was very difficult but Tara still laid into him
with the crop. She lead him to a pair of doors that had stairs leading to the
farmhouse's basement. Being dragged down the stairs Tony was in fear of falling
and ripping his balls from his body. When they reached the floor of the basement
Tara said,"welcome to your new home pig".

	Tony's eyes slowly adjusted to the dimly lite basement. Only two low
watt naked bulbs were lite. It had the familar musty basement smell to it. In
the far corner almost out of the light's range he could make out what seemed to
be a jail cell with a cot in it. He also made out a small white toilet in the
cell. "Oh, I see you have found your new room. I fixed it up special just for
you". Tara dragged him to the center of the basement. Various sexual and bondage
equipment hung the full length of one wall. More fear entered him as he
recogonized some of the items hung there. There was a long wooden table in front
of the equipment wall and what looked like a gymnastic horse off to the side. A
stainless steel bondage chair with a hole in it's seat was on the other side.
Tara lead him to a thick wooden post that was dead center. She lashed his leash
to one of the many eye hooks embedded in to it. Tara reached up into the rafters
to retrieve something. As Tony's eyes followed her actions he noticed the
rafters were full of chains, ropes and pulleys. The amount of equipment in this
one space was overwhelming to him. He was sure most professionals would drool
over it. "I see you are admiring my collection. Don't worry we have plenty of
time to play with each and every piece. This was all bought with you in mind
Tony. I've been dreaming a long time about making you my slave",Tara let out an
evil chilling laugh. Tony thought to himself, "I'm fucked". How right he was.
Tara pulled down a pair of black leather wrist cuffs with a chain attached to
each. She attached them to Tony's wrists and pulled the chain down. The action
started to raise his wrists behind his back while it bent him more forward then
he was; he moaned in pain as it tore at his shoulders. Tara tied off the chain
and released the handcuffs from his wrists. Large red welts were left in their
place. She then lubed up his ass and inserted a medium sized butt plug that fit
snugly. It hurt Tony, it was bigger then the vibrator he had there earlier. He
could not force it out. She then strapped a thick black leather belt about his
waist. The belt had many D-rings afixed to it. She then produced a large pair of
shears. "If you try to kick out at me you will lose your balance and probably do
permanent damage your shoulders. I will also make you pay dearly", she stonily
added. "Understand"? Tony wearily nodded yes. With the shears she cut away his
pants from around his ankles. She attached cuffs around each ankle that matched
the ones around his wrists. She ran a short lenght of chain between each ankle
and locked all 4 cuffs and the belt with mini-padlocks. She stepped back to
admire her newly dressed toy. The tingle and the wettness between her legs told
her it was play time. She swatted Tony hard in the butt with her opened hand
leaving a hand print. "I'll be right back pig, I just want to slip into
something less comfortable",she laughed at her own joke. Tony took stock of his
situation. If he struggled to free himself he could fall and forget about his
shoulders, his balls were still trapped by the humbler. He sighed to himself,
"looks like I'm going nowhere".

	The clicking of high-heels against concret announced Tara's return. It
felt like hours to Tony that he hung in his present position. Tony eyed Tara up
and down as she came into the light. The scent of leather preceeding her. If he
wasn't already hard, he would have sprang to life by what he saw. He was never
one to admire the bitch-goddess look but Tara wore it well. The spiked heels
Tony heard were 6 inches high and attached to thigh-high patent leather boots.
Silk stockings peeked over the tops of the boots. Taunt garters dug into her
thighs held the stockings up. The garters were atached to a black leather corset
that added an even a more sever shape to Tara's great body. Her breasts were
exposed above the corset. A dangerous looking spiked collar was around her neck.
Her hair was tied serverly back into a knot. She wore elbow length leather
cuffs. Her face was heavily made up topped off with bright red lipstick. Her
nails on her hands were the same red color. To Tony she looked as if she was
going to have him for lunch. In one hand she carried a black leather flogger. In
the other it was a large black leather harness and dildo. As she came over and
started removing Tony's gag, she said,"Tony, tonight is going to be a special
night for us. We have a long journey ahead of us with your training, but tonight
consider this like a married couple's wedding night. Tonight this is about pure
animal lust, my lust. Tonight I am going to make you my bitch. I'm popping your
cherry and I'm going to do it like you've done to Mary and countless other
women. I'm taking off your gag and you can scream all you want, but don't you
verbally assult me or speak to me in any manner unless I tell you to. If you do,
I'll whip you until you pass out and then wake you up to rape you. I've been
waiting for this for a long time and you will not ruin it for me". With that she
bought her whip down hard on his ass. Tony let out a scream. "Do you understand
me"? "Yes". The whip planted on Tony's ass again,"yes,what"? "Shit that hurts,
yes Tara". The whip came down a third time. "Owwwwwww,yes mistress"? "Very good
pig I knew you were capable of learning". Tony could smell Tara's muskiness over
the leather, this is really turning the bitch on he thought. Tara looped a rope
around the humbler and slackened the chain that held Tony's wrists. She took
hold of his leash and walked him over to the gymnastic horse. The rope around
the humbler told him not to try anything. She laid him stomach down on the horse
and secured each wrist to a leg of the horse. She removed the ankle chain and
spread his legs wide. She attached each ankle to oppisite ends of a spreader bar
and tying the bar to the base of the horse legs. She took a piece of rope and
attached it to his belt and tightly tied the rope to the top of the horse. She
pulled the butt plug out with a pop. The noise made her smirk. She flayed Tony's
backside several times with her whip. Tony's screams filled the basement. She
observed his struggles and was satisfied that he was secured. To Tony's relief
she removed the humbler. She kept the rawhide leather cord wraped tightly aroung
his ridgid cock. She walked around the front so Tony could watch her secure the
strap-on. After the harness was in place she plunged the dildo into her hungry
womanhood. "Oh, thats nice and big", she cooed. She then mounted the large black
glistening dildo to the harness. It bobbed in the air. She thrust it a couple of
times and smiled at the movement. Tony's mouth went dry. The fun was about to
begin

	Tara felt like a whole new person with this monstrous appendage added to
her. It made her feel more powerful; it made her feel very horny. Tara reached
into her ever-present bag of tricks and pulled out a lipstick. She twisted it
opened and saw that it was a bright pink color. A sinister smile came to her
face as she bent down to Tony's face. Tony was worried about that smile. Tara
started to apply the lipstick to Tony's lips. Tony shaking his head in protest,
"what the fuck do you think you are doing, you crazy bitch"!? Slap! Tara's
opened hand struck Tony full in the face. Tony's eyes teared right away. "Shut
up PIG, you are in no position to complain"! Again she hit Tony in the face with
a full open hand blow. "OWWWW"!! Tara could see her fingers' impressions on his
face. She smiled and proceeded to apply the pretty pink lipstick to his lips. A
tear rolled down Tony's face. "Don't we look like the pretty little whore with
that lipstick on? Pink is your color, pig". "A whore with those pretty lips
needs a nice big cock to suck on". Tara's big black penis moved to Tony's mouth.
He shook his head in protest but did not speak. Tara grabbed a handful of hair
in the back of his head and commanded, "take it bitch". Tony's lips parted just
slightly but it was enough to start thrusting her dildo into Tony's lipsticked
mouth. Even though the cock that was being shoved into Tony's mouth wasn't
really her's, she spasm with delight as she looked down at Tony's pink lips
wrapped around her big black cock. With each thrust she went deeper and deeper
into Tony's mouth. A few times she heard or felt Tony gagging and she slowed her
thrusts but yelled, "take it all bitch, we are going to make you into a good
little cock sucker yet". It was hard for her to understand the pleasure she was
feeling, but god was this good. Tony at first thought she was going to choke him
to death. He soon learned to relax and take it. He knew the dildo was going
deeper down his throat and before long the base of the strap-on hit him in the
nose. He could smell how strong Tara's muskiness had gotten. After she had her
cock in to the hilt she grabbed the back of Tony's head and shuttered with a
huge climax. Weak in the knees Tara thought this was going to be the greatest
sexual night of her life

	Tara recovered from her latest pleasure. It was the most unusual orgasm
of her life since it was much more mental then physical. Tara smiled as she
looked down at her new appendage and saw it slick with Tony's saliva and had
smears of pink lipstick. Tony's head hung down after the ordeal, Tara imagined
it was shame that hung his head. She traced her sharp nails along his back
leaving slight scratch trails as she went. Her hand found the soft rounded flesh
of his ass. His ass was more rounded and exposed due to being flipped over on
the horse. "Hmmmm, what a nice ass this whore has", Tara cooed. "A good
cocksucker and nice ass too, this whore is very talented". She dug her nails
into the soft flesh of Tony's ass. "Oowwww"! Tara noticed with a little pride
that she drew blood from the imprint her nails made on his butt. She decided to
be nice and went and grabbed a small tube of lube. Squirting some onto her
fingers she massaged Tony's backdoor. Slowly and erotically she inserted one
finger then two. To Tony this felt real good and he reacted slightly by trying
to back further onto Tara's fingers. Tara smiled, "this whore really wants to be
fucked, don't you slut"? She grabbed the back of his hair and yanked it hard,
"answer me pig"! "No, no mistress, please don't fuck me there", Tony pleaded.
"You know you want it pig". Tara withdrew her fingers and walked back around to
where Tony could see her. She squirted more lube into her hand and proceeded to
glide her hand up and down her long black shaft. "Oh yea, I'm nice and hard for
you whore". Tony's eyes grew with fear as he watched her masturbate the large
black cock. "No please, anything, just don't do this to me, pleeeeeaseeee".
"Stop your begging pig we both know you want it and I certainly want it". With
that she moved back behind Tony. Tony began to sob; there was no way he was
going to be able to take something that large. The cold tip of the dildo nuzzled
up to his backdoor. Tara held it there a moment as she felt Tony tensed for the
onslaught. She laughed as she plunged into her virgin whore. Tony screamed one
long guttural note as he was impaled. He swore he was being split into two. Tara
withdrew a little then plunged deeper enjoying the control. Slowly she was
increasing the speed of her thrusts. Soon she could feel her pelvic bone
slapping Tony's ass. As Tara settled into a rhythm Tony's initial pain lessened.
Her cock was touching something deep inside him and was becoming pleasurable as
the assault went on. He still felt the pain but focused on the pleasure. He
started to buck his hips to meet her thrusts. Tara smiled, "why you little
whore, you like getting fucked". Tara grabbed a handful of his hair again and
increased the tempo of her thrusting. "Are you my bitch, my little fuck-toy"?
She reached with her other hand to his tied up rigid member. She started to
loosen the rawhide that was tied there hours ago. "Answer me"! "Yes, yes
mistress I'm your bitch", Tony screamed as he was reaching a point of no return.
"Beg bitch for my cock". "Please mistress please fuck me. Fuck me hard". With
that the rawhide fell away and Tara grasped his erected cock, stroking it. An
orgasm hit Tony like never before. He thought he was going to shoot his balls
through his dick. As he screamed with pleasure Tara's orgasm hit in waves. She
held her body tight against Tony as spasm after spasm consumed her. Her body and
Tony's went limp together. Damn that was great, she thought.

	Tara released Tony from the horse but his body just hung limp over it.
She grabbed and pulled roughly on the leash attached to his collar. "Move it
bitch"! She yanked his head up by grabbing a handful of his hair. Tony's body
reluctantly started to respond. He was mentally and physically exhausted. He had
been drugged and kidnapped, endured a torturous drive in the van and was raped.
His body just wanted to shut down. Muscle memory was the only thing that had him
walking to Tara's repeated tugging. Tara flung Tony's limp body into his new
home, an eight-foot by five-foot cell. Tony's body hit the side of the iron cot
and landed hard on the cold concrete floor. He didn't care and just laid there
enjoying his body at rest. Tara slammed the iron barred door and went up the
stairs in a huff. The clicking of her stiletto heels were the last thing Tony
heard before his mind faded to black. Tara too was physically exhausted but
mentally she had never been more alive. She loved having Tony in her control and
could not believe her plan had worked. After easing out of her dominatrix gear
she took a long hot shower. In the shower she replayed the day's events in her
mind and was getting physically excited again. She masturbated in the shower to
the image of Tony sucking her strap-on. She dressed in a floor length silk
nightgown and was asleep by the time her head hit the pillow.

	A few hours later Tony's body woke him in revolt. It was hurting from
lying on the cold concrete and his bladder had to be emptied. Tony slowly
started the rise, every muscle screaming at the motion. He used the bed to
steady himself. For the first time he looked around at his new home. Iron bars
made up three of the walls to his cell. Cinder blocks were the back wall. To his
relief there was a toilet and a tiny sink in the far corner. The iron bed with
the thinnest of mattresses was the only other feature. After he relieved himself
he settled on the bed. As tired as he was his mind replayed the events of the
day. Why was this bitch doing this to him? How did he let this happen? He was
the man; he should be the one in control. It is what he was taught and how he
had lived. But deeper down a part of him had enjoyed it. He had not realized it
but was stroking his hard cock while he was playing the rape back in his mind.
He squirted his cum all over his belly as he drifted off to sleep. One thing
Tony failed to notice was the hidden surveillance camera that recorded his every
move.           Tara had rested well during the night and woke with a huge
appetite. She realized she had not eaten since early yesterday morning. A smile
crossed her face as her mind drifted back to yesterday's events. She realized
Tony had not eaten for a long while too. She quickly dressed in a pair of jeans
and a tee shirt. She headed down into the kitchen, which was directly above his
cell. A glance at the TV monitor showed Tony still asleep in the cot. She would
let him rest; he will need it for the training ahead of him. She prepared
herself a quick breakfast of eggs and toast with coffee. As she sat down to eat
she grabbed the remote control that operated her surveillance system. She wanted
to see how it worked and if Tony was up to something last night. She rewound the
tape and then played the tape in fast-forward until she saw the point when she
threw Tony into the cage. Then she watched Tony for a little while as he laid on
the floor. Fast-forwarding again until she saw Tony slowly rising from the
floor. She felt like a peeping Tom as she watched him urinate and lay down on
the cot. She started fast-forwarding again and noticed Tony's hand moving at his
crotch area. She slowed the tape to normal speed and was angered by what she
saw. He is masturbating; how could he!? "That filthy pig"! She was boiling mad
when she watched Tony shoot his load. "That'll be the last of that", Tara
muttered to herself as she quickly climbed the stairs to her bedroom. In less
then 15 minutes Bitch Tara started down the stairs to the basement. She was
dressed in knee-high boots, leather bustier and leather gauntlet gloves. Her
face was heavily made up and increased the look of rage on her face. Under one
arm she carried a cardboard box. As her boots hit the basement floor she
screamed, "get up you bastard, get up!" "How could you?! How dare you!! You will
pay for this dearly!" Tony was awakened by her shouting but had no idea where he
was or what the screaming was about. The where part soon hit him as he
remembered his abduction. Ice-cold water hit him like it was a bus. It caused
him to lose his breath. Tara had grabbed the bucket from the slop sink and threw
it at Tony as he laid on the cot getting his bearings. "You are a fucking wacko
you crazy bitch!" Tony was sorry as soon as it had left his mouth; he knew that
would cost him. "No one told the pig to speak and you will be trained soon
enough how to address your mistress when you are allowed to speak". Gritting her
teeth in anger she needed to remember she was the one in control. "Up with your
back against the bars". Tony just sat and stared at her through the bars. "If I
repeat myself you will be very sorry", Tara said as she grabbed a somewhat long
black rod form her wall of toys. Still he sat there, what could she do to him
without coming in? "Up with your back against the bars." A silent count of three
and there was no movement on Tony's part. "I warned you", lightning fast the rod
in Tara's hand slashed through the bars and hit Tony. Tony knew it was coming
and thought he was prepared but Tara was a lot quicker then he thought. A
lightning bolt of pure pain spread through his body as the modified cattle prod
hit Tony on the thigh. He was rolling on the ground when Tara hit him again.
Tony screamed out in pain and Tara realized how much she liked to hear him
scream and hit him a third time. "I can reach you anywhere in this cage with
this cattle prod. I suggest you do as you are told and do it quickly. I can do
this all day I'm rather enjoying this", she said with a smile Tony slowly rose
to his feet shivering in fear and pain. He backed into the cold iron bars with
his erect body. Tara quickly snatched the leash that was still attached to his
collar and pulled it tightly through the bars. She tied the leather leash
securely to the cell bars and grabbed four leather cuffs from her toy wall. She
attached one to each of Tony's ankles then one to each of his wrists. Using rope
she then tied each cuff to the bars through a D-ring on the cuffs. Tony was
immobile to the wall of his cell. Tara unlocked the cell door and entered
carrying a bucket full of soapy water. A coarse long handled brush was in her
other hand. "Someone has been a filthy little pig and they need a good
cleaning." Smiling, Tara continued, "I know what you have been up to pig and let
me tell you now that was the last time." Tony had no idea what she was talking
about; the bitch is nuts he thought. Tara slapped the head of the brush on
Tony's stomach where the dried and crusted semen clung to his body and gave him
a knowing look. Tony could not look down to see and still had no clue as to what
she was talking about. Tara dipped the brush into the water and started
scrubbing Tony's body. The brush was very rough and Tara scrubbed very hard. The
pain became very intense very quickly for Tony; so much so, he never noticed how
cold the water was. He begged, pleaded and screamed at Tara to stop. She loved
it and started hitting the sensitive areas. Tony was in agony; his whole body
felt as if it were on fire. Tara laughed as Tony began to cry from the torment.
It didn't take much to break this macho guy down she thought. Soon she had every
square inch of his body scrubbed. She emptied the bucket and refilled it with
fresh cold water. She doused Tony with the water rinsing the soap off his body.
It was like a slap in the face to Tony but bought him back to his senses.
"There, nice and clean now", Tara said in a singsong voice. She bought over the
cardboard box she had bought with her. "In this box is a tool I have been
waiting eagerly to use on you Pig. This will make sure there will be no more
infractions like last night." Roughly grabbing his cock between her leather clad
hand she said, "this cock belongs to me now, no one else gets to play with it
without my permission. That means you, Pig." She opened up the box and unwrapped
tissue paper to reveal a royal blue metal tube. Tony had no idea what it was but
it didn't look harmful to him. "I see by the look on your face you have no idea
what I am holding." She took a small key from the box and used it to unlatch the
tube lengthwise. Tony could see little needles in the tube. Tara grabbed his
cock once more and closed the tube shut. Tony winced as he heard it latch
thinking the needles were going to puncture his cock like a mini iron maiden.
Nothing happened, no pain at all. This isn't so bad Tony thought. "I can tell
you have no idea still what I just did to you. I have just locked you into a
kali teeth bracelet, KTB for short. You can not pull it off and only I can let
you out with my key", Tara said smiling holding out the key in front of his
face. "Remember one thing, you are here for me and my pleasure only. I will now
give you a demonstration on how the KTB works. Tara produced a little purple
vibrator and laid down on the cot so Tony had a front row view. She spread her
booted legs and pulled back her panties. She began to slowly masturbate. As she
got more and more excited, Tony felt his cock getting hard. Soon the KTB started
working as hundreds of needles impaled his swelling member. Tony groaned in
pain, which sent Tara over the edge to orgasm. Oh, this hurt, what has she done
to him? He tried to think, tried to reduce his erection but Tara was so hot.
Owwww, this hurts. Tara was pleased at how things were coming together. Tara
released Tony from the cell bars and secured the cell. She once again went
upstairs and changed into a tee shirt and jeans. She went back into the kitchen
and sat and watched her new pet on the closed circuit TV; she loved being the
voyeur. She watched as Tony explored his new attachment the KTB. Tony first
tested if the KTB could just be pulled off now that his erection subsided. The
results were painful; it was like a hundred fishhooks digging into him. He then
looked for a latch or catch but only felt the tiny little hole Tara's key fit
into. He briefly wondered if he could crack it off like cracking a nutshell open
to get at the meat inside. He realized though that nuts don't have needle sharp
teeth in them. Tony came to the conclusion that only Tara can release him. He
sighed and settled down on the cot.  	Tara watched the whole process with
fascination. She knew exactly what Tony was thinking and that gave her a real
sense of power that Tony finally realized she was in control. She prepared and
delivered some food to Tony. She has hopes that eventually Tony will be
preparing and serving food to her. She slid the dog food bowl under the door of
his cell and went about tidying up her toy area. Tony stared at the bowl. He
will not eat from a dog bowl, its too humiliating. But he kept staring at the
bowl and the hunger pains hit him. It had been a while since he had last eaten.
Tara heard the scrape of the bowl on the floor and without looking knew Tony had
picked it up; she smiled. Tony had finished the bowl of food, but was still
angry and against his better judgment he spoke, "Tara, why are you doing this to
me, what have I done to you?" Tara shook her head, is the pig that stupid? Can
he not follow the simplest of rules? She turned glaring at him, "how dare you
speak to me without permission! And there is only one name you may call me and
that is Mistress! You will have to be punished for this. I will answer you
though; it is not me you have done something to, it is my good friend Mary that
you treated like dirt! That is why I have done this to you!" "But Tara you do
not understand, I love Mary." "Silence, Pig!" Tara charged the cell grabbing the
cattle prod on the way. "Don't you know when to be quiet?! Up against the cell
or I'll use this", Tara waved the prod at him. Tara attached a long pole to his
collar, the kind of pole an animal control officer would use on a rabid dog. She
lead Tony out of his cell and over to the horse. "Assume the position pig or
feel the prod." Tony bent over the horse, he did not want to feel the power of
the prod again. Tara had kept his leather cuffs on him and now secured them to
the horse. She then went to her wall and chose a locking penis gag. Smacking his
ass she shove the large phallic into his mouth and tightly secured it. "Maybe
wearing this for a while will help you remember the rules better."          Tara
grabbed a bamboo cane from her wall and swished it around. She also grabbed a
heavy wooden paddle. "Pig you will get fifteen warm-ups with the paddle and then
five with the cane." Tara hefted the paddle and bought it down on Tony's ass. It
stung but overall it did not hurt that bad, Tony thought. By number seven Tony
was screaming into his gag; this was making Tara very hot. Number fourteen
bought tears to Tony. After fifteen Tara ran her hands over Tony's red-hot ass,
admiring her work. Tony heard the cane slicing through the air before it hit.
White-hot pain shot through him. By the time the fifth one landed Tony thought
he would die. Tara looked at the five dark red welts that criss-crossed his ass
and could not contain herself; she had to take him there and now. In front of
Tony's eyes Tara undressed and put on her strap-on. No Tony tried to say through
his gag, my ass hurts too much. Tara lubed her cock up and took one more look at
his flaming red ass. She drove the dildo home and started fucking Tony with
abandon. Her body slamming into his ass at first hurt like hell but soon he
found pleasure through the pain. His cock started to swell and soon an all too
familiar pain hit him. Damn that KTB!

	After Tara was through pleasuring herself, she left Tony tied to the
horse as she cleaned her equipment. Tony was exhausted and his ass still stung
from the cane. He swore he could feel each welt individually. The damn KTB did
its work and allowed him no pleasure during his ass fucking. He was really
starting to enjoy Tara fucking him with her strap-on, a thought that would have
revolted him just two days ago. He could not help but get an erection when Tara
entered him. That damn KTB though gave nothing but pain through the whole
ordeal. He thought his cock must have a hundred puncture wounds on it now. Tara,
still nude, came back over to Tony and ran her hands over his nicely decorated
butt. Tony winced at her soft touch. "I have another toy for you to wear my
dear." Tony felt something being tied around his balls. Fear gripped him; he was
still sore from the van ride. "It is a nice little dog collar that I'm putting
on you. It will be locked on and only I'll be able to remove it." When she had
finished, she stood to get a better look. "Very nice." Tony thought this was not
so bad. He could feel it wrapped around his balls but it did not hurt. "Tony,
you are wearing a very special dog collar. It will replace that nasty cattle
prod and aid in your further training." Tony thought what does she mean replace
the cattle prod, how? As if reading his mind, Tara showed him how and pushed a
button on a remote control. Tony screamed into his cock gag in agony. He thought
she must have been holding a fire to his balls. Tara listen to his muffled
scream and watched his body twitch. She smiled in satisfaction that the
electronic dog collar was working and knew it would give her a better and
quicker way to train him. He would be her complete and devoted slave soon. "Tony
the dog collar you are wearing around your balls is one designed to train dogs
with. As you can see it works very well on dogs. You will obey my orders at once
or you will feel my wrath," pushing the button in once more. "If you fail to
please me," again she pressed the button enjoying his pain. She released him
from the horse and ordered him back into his cell. She dressed and went back up
stairs to the kitchen.

	She watched him on the TV. Tony sat on his cot but it was too rough on
his ass. He sat on the cold concrete floor and felt a little relief. Tara had
left the cock gag on him and his jaws were aching now. Drool was running down
his chin. He tried to remove it but it was locked tightly in place. Next he
explored the new collar around his balls. As soon as he touched it pain shot up
through his balls. Tara laughed out loud as he twitched on the floor of his
cell. "Well I guess it does work well through walls.

	The days stretched into weeks and Tony had no idea how long he had been
with Tara. She took him anally on almost a daily basis. She now had him wear a
pair of stockings and a garter belt when he was to be her, as she put it, "fuck
toy". She also trained him for long hours at pleasuring her orally. She would
beat him with a crop until he got it right. She loved to grab a fistful of his
hair and grind his face into her pussy. She also loved to strap-on her cock and
have him suck it with lipstick on. This never failed in getting her hot. She
loved to grab him by the back of the head and fuck his face. Tony had turned
into such a good little cocksucker that he rarely gagged while sucking on her.
Tony also learned to give her wonderful pedicures and manicures. She never
imagined the pleasure she gets from having her toes sucked by Tony. Tony also
became a great cook and learned the fine art of serving food to her. Tara was
living her dream. She had a full time fully devoted slave that fulfilled all her
domestic and sexual needs as well as her sadistic needs. All Tony thought about
was pleasuring and taking care of Tara. Tara had become his only reason for
existence.

	Tara had a big problem in dealing with Mary. Tara had hoped that Mary
would get over Tony soon enough but that was not the case. She has obsessed over
Tony's disappearance since the Springer Show. She would not let it die. Mary was
constantly harassing the police about Tony being missing. For the most part the
police figured Tony was a jerk and left Mary, but she would not accept it. Mary
was deteriorating quickly and for weeks Tara had agonized about telling Mary the
truth. She first kidnapped Tony to help her friend but she is worst off now then
when she was with the Pig. On the nights she would come home after visiting Mary
Tony would receive a sever beating. Tara would take out all her frustrations on
him and then cry for a long while afterwards. If Tara told Mary the truth she
may loose her as a friend. She would defiantly lose Tony and she was not sure
she could do that. She has never been happier since having him as her slave. She
was born to be a slave owner. Mary was not going to recover and Tara thought she
might try suicide. Tara knew she could not live with that and decided she had no
choice but to tell her friend what she had done. Tara would invite her up to the
farm.

	The drive out to Tara's farmhouse seemed longer then it should. Mary sat
in the passenger's seat lost in her own world. To Tara, Mary started to resemble
the crazy homeless people that wander the streets of the city. Tara was fearful
that she would lose her friend or that Mary was too far-gone. She also felt
guilty that it was her actions that led to Mary's downward spiral. Her guilt was
further enhanced when she thought of how great the past couple of months were;
in fact they have been the best times of her life.

	Mary seemed to come out of her fog and spoke for the first time on the
trip; "Tara you have never offered to bring me out to your grandparents'
farmhouse before, why now? You have been spending a lot of time out here, why?"
"Mary, all your questions will be answered shortly. I am bringing you up here
because I think it will help;" with that Tara turned her van onto the dirt road
that lead to the house. Tara broke out in a cold sweat. Everything she has could
come to an end soon. She had not told Tony what she was up to and she hoped he
would be quiet when he realizes there is more then one person in the house. Tara
pulled up next to the house and got out, her knees felt shaky and weak like
rubber. Mary was looking all around at the house, 'maybe this will be good for
me', she thought.

	Tara gave Mary a tour through the house, which ended in the kitchen.
"One more stop Mary", Tara said as she opened the door to the basement. So far
so good Tara thought. Tony has been quiet and she remembered to turn the monitor
off. Trying to sound cheerful, Tara said, "I have a big surprise for you down
here." Tony panicked; he has enjoyed the last several months as Tara's slave but
he has never been exposed to anyone other then Tara. Who could be coming down
the stairs and what were they going to do?

	Tara and Mary had reached the basement. Mary's eyes took some adjusting
to see in the dim light. Tony saw the other woman with Tara. She looked
familiar. Then it hit him and he quietly whispered her name, "Mary". Mary turned
to that whisper; startled that someone was down here with them. All she saw were
bars, but then she looked through them and saw a naked Tony. She froze; she
could not believe her eyes. Her mind, what was left of it overloaded. Tara held
her breath, Tony held his as they waited for a reaction from Mary. None came.
"Mary, Mary say something", Tara finally shouted at her, breaking the silence.
Something snapped in Mary and she grabbed the nearest thing she could get her
hands on. With all her might she swung the cattle prod at Tara's head. Tara was
not expecting this action and took a full blow to the head, dropping her to the
ground like a sack of wet cement. Mary uttered a loud scream of rage and further
struck Tara with the prod. "Mary!" Mary, stop, you'll kill her!" Tony screamed
with all his force, Mary, stop right now!" Mary stopped, dropped the prod and
went over to Tony weeping.

	Tara slowly regained consciousness. Her head hurt her badly and she was
cold. She found she could not move and realized her arms and legs were secured
to the horse. The horse! Slowly the events came back to her. She had also been
gagged with her own cock gag. She raised her head to see what see could see.
"Ah, the bitch awakens", Mary's voice was full of venom. A flogger sliced
through the air and landed with a loud smack on Tara's backside. "You will pay
for what you did to Tony and me", the flogger hit again. Tara felt the pain and
she didn't like it. Anger welled up in her. She saw Tony standing naked in front
of her. The electronic collar and KTB removed. His slave collar and leather
cuffs removed. Mary continued her flogging of Tara's ass. Tears of sorrow slid
down Tara's face. They were not because of the pain she was experiencing or
sorrow for what she had done to Tony or Mary. She was crying for her loss of her
slave. What surprised her was Tony. Tony, who she would have thought to be full
of rage, was not but was sad looking too.

	"Tony, I want you to do her; do her good". Mary's index finger probed
Tara's anus; feels like virgin ass to me Tony". Tara's eyes locked with Tony's,
"I can't Mary, I can't do it". "What has this bitch done to you Tony? She has
turned you into a wimp; DO HER"! "No Mary lets untie her". "Not on your life
Tony; she has ruined my life and she will pay for it"! Mary went over to Tara's
wall of toys and pulled down the one piece of equipment Tony had come to love,
Tara's strap-on. Mary awkwardly strapped it to her waist. She gave it some
experimental thrusts and liked the results. Spitting into her hand she slid it
up and down her new shaft. Tara's eyes were wide with fear. Mary was right, she
was a virgin when it came to her backdoor. Tony saw the fear and asked Mary to
stop knowing full well that she could not be stopped. There was nothing gentle
about Mary's style. She grabbed Tara's hips and sank the shaft as deep as it
would go. Tara screamed into the gag. Mary started building a rhythm; in and out
she went getting great pleasure from Tara's pain. Tony, taking in the whole
scene, started to get aroused. Soon he was rock hard for the first time in
weeks. Tony removed the gag from Tara but before she could utter a sound Tony
shoved his cock deep into her throat. He grabbed two handfuls of Tara's red hair
and fucked her face. He watched Mary assault Tara from behind as he exploded in
her mouth. Tara could not breath; she thought she was going to drown. Still Tony
pumped more and more cum into her mouth. A guttural moan escaped Tony.          
Seeing Tony in Tara's face aroused Mary, "Tony I need it bad, please". "Alright
baby, I know it's been a long time for you". Tony withdrew from Tara and
replaced the gag. He swung the horse with Tara still strapped to it, so that
Tara faced the bars of the cell. He gathered up rope and lead Mary to the bars
where they hugged long and hard. He proceeded to tie Mary to the bars, with her
full cooperation, so that her ass faced Tara. "Tara, I told you that you didn't
understand. Now I'll show you".              With Tara still securely tied to
the horse and facing Mary's backside as Mary was tied to the cell bars, Tony
selected Tara's favorite flogger from her wall of toys. Tony had been on the
receiving end of this flogger many times. After a few test swings with the
flogger; Tony approached Mary. Tony started whipping Mary with an expertise that
surprised Tara. Mary cried out in a strange combination of pain and pleasure. As
the whipping session grew more intense and the red welts grew on Mary's back,
Mary's screams turned to more pleasure then pain. Tony was working up a real
sweat and was concentrating on Mary's ass. Mary's cries reached a very high note
and she started to shake and shudder. Tara realized that Mary was having a huge
orgasm. She found it hard to believe Mary was orgasming without any vaginal or
clitoral stimulation. Tony ceased his onslaught and released Mary from her
bonds. They held each other and Mary wept on his shoulder. Tony's eyes met with
Tara's, "I told you, you didn't understand but I can see in your eyes that I
think you do now.

	When Mary and I first met it was love at first sight for me. Mary has
special needs, she needs the pain and she wanted me to give it to her. I was
hesitant at first; how do you hurt the one you love? Mary taught me how to love
her. And I did what I had to, to keep her happy. I became very good at giving
pain and pleasure to my Mary, but I felt like something was wrong. I never felt
comfortable in my role". He reached down to Tara's face and held it gently in
his hands. He removed the gag and began to untie her. "Didn't you ever wonder
why none of your toys seemed to surprise me; that they were familiar to me? I
know you didn't know and I not only forgive you but have a proposal for you".

	Tara stood up slowly and tried stretching her pain out of her body. She
rubbed her wrists and looked Tony in the eyes, "I'm listening". "Tara, I told
you I love Mary and am willing to do anything for her. I also told you I felt
wrong, that something was missing. You made me realize what that was. I felt
whole serving you and being your slave. I don't want that to end but I also want
to be with Mary. You are a very talented dominant and you are still learning and
growing in that role. Would you consider taking on an additional slave"? His
eyes found Mary's; she looked scared and confused. Tara had never even thought
of having a female slave. She always thought that women were superior to men and
never thought about a woman in that position. She had always thought she would
bring Mary in to help dominate Tony. She didn't want to lose her friend and she
didn't want to lose Tony. There was only one thing she could do. "Alright pig,
assume the position! And make sure that sow gets into position too! Now!" Tony
gave a smile; Tara smiled back. This was going to work out they thought at the
same time.

	A few months later: Tony is strapped in his now familiar position over
the horse. Mary is behind him reaming his ass with a red strap-on dildo. Tony
has a rock hard boner. Tara dressed head to toe in leather standing behind Mary
whipping her ass with her favorite flogger. All are having a good time.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bound_bob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





