BDSM Library - The Royal Slave




The Royal Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Antiquity fans will delight in the various encounters of this Etruscan and life under Roman rule. However skip this one if you find extreme tortures, including crucifixion, offensive. If not, enjoy.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex, including that between the same gender. Please do not
read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of legal age.

Certain liberties with historical accuracy have been taken, as is the case with
most fictional works. Your indulgence in this matter is requested.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar.




The Royal Slave

The swine... she ground her teeth and clenched jaw muscles. It was bad enough to
have been captured by the Romans, now she had to correct this dolt on his own
stupid laws.

Caesar Scipio insouciantly gazed out pass the massive columns fronting his
praetorium, played with his forelock and said, "You happen to be quite right,
Etruscan insurrectress. We Romans are allowed to crucify only slaves. In your
case, however..., excuse me.

Yes, Micon, what is it?"

Her hostile eyes narrowed to slits as the skinny consul rustled his toga, bent
his gaunt frame and whispered in Scipio's ear. Blue-green veins scratched just
under translucent skin atop the old man's hairless skull. She winced at the
sight: some people should never wear yellow...

"Speak out loud. I command you."

The old man creaked erect. He pointed a scrawny finger at Rasenna and said,
"Moecha Turpis."

"Now, now, Micon. Is that any way to behave toward our guest? Calling this royal
personage a Shameful Slut? For shame on you."

Scipio conspiratorially winked at Rasenna and said, "See? The old coot actually
quotes poetry."

Rasenna snarled and twisted her chained wrists. Calling her a 'guest', much less
a slut, was an insult. "That's right, Scipio. The poetry is by Catullus and lest
you forget, I am educated. Not like your Roman women purposefully kept ignorant
by their menfolk."

The bearded consul bent and whispered more into Scipio's ear, so quietly that
she could not make out what he said, but it was obvious by the slow smear of
bulbous lips across Scipio's fat face that what he heard agreed with him.
Whatever it was had something to do with her, and that something she had a hunch
was not going to be good.

The one calling himself Caesar chose to ignore Rasenna's latest jab concerning
his society's mores and said, "Since you were quite right, about the only
crucifying slaves part, my man Micon has come up with a fine alternative for
dealing with your obvious lack of loyalty. Sure to please your rebellious
nature, plus, we get a fine show. Think of it as a win-win."

She survived the ambush on her retinue, then fled alone only to be later
captured by Romans. Now she had to suffer drivel from this petty magistrate and
his creaky sycophant.

Caesar Scipio summoned all of his imperiate powers as he looked down upon the
enemy leader now held in his domain and said, "In the name of Rome I condemn you
to die upon the cross, however, as a gladiatrix!

Proclaimed as such, you will qualify for crucifixion as we consider all who
fight in the arena to be nothing more than common slaves." He hiccupped and
belched as he chuckled at his own sense of warped mirth. "And certainly a
gladiatrix does qualify."

"In your case of course, you shall be sort of a... royal slave."

Her complexion tanned by many a Mediterranean sun and sculpted by numerous
battles retained its youthful allure. Thanks to her father's genes, her colors
were lighter than the usually dark-haired, dark-skinned Etruscans. As a
chieftain from north of the Poe valley, the Gaul met her Etruscan mother and
fell in love. Together they gave birth to a fair-haired daughter. Yet, on
hearing Scipio's taunt, her face flushed with anger and darkened. Being held
mercy to the scoundrel's every whim aggravated, to say the very least.

"But, just between us," Scipio murmured as he sunk back into his upholstered
throne and fanned his face with the palm of his hand. A large onyx stone set in
silver glowed from the ringed index finger. "We both know of your royal lineage
thereby making your execution as a "common slave" something of a study in irony.
Next weekend then, it is! My people are going to love it."

Fingers demurely covered his beady eyes as he dreamily said, "And of course,
love me, for providing them with such an entertainment spectacle."

Creases formed a frown across her forehead. Blonde bangs covered the uppermost
lines. Dark coals of her eyes smoldered as she continued to glare up at Scipio.

Scipio disliked her people as much as any good Roman. Their haughty women and
other arrogant habits defied all that his occupation stood for. Etruscans must
end, and this female before him seemed like a perfect place to start.

"Give the her a week at the gladiatorial school. Contact the aedile in charge of
staging spectacles. Have him and others prepare the coliseum for this most
special event."

Guards snapped to attention. Micon deferentially bowed as his Caesar shifted
bulky robes and poured from the throne. Gilded sandals flapped against marble
floor as Scipio waddled away in the distance.




II


The rustic outdoor court was quite a contrast to the marbled opulence of
Scipio's mostly sheltered portico; concrete and wood replaced the marble,
glaring heat the shadowed coolness. Flies buzzed amid a cacophony of other
outdoor noises.

"I'll take those, "said the full baritone.

Rasenna turned her attention away from the exercise yard where naked men worked
in pairs or alone. She looked up at the Nubian standing next to her at the
wooden gateway to the yard. He indicated her armor. She lifted off the bronze
helmet, removed the breastplate and amulets she wore, and started to undo her
grieves. Something in the tone of his voice told her that there was no sense
arguing with him.

"Here. These should fit. Wear them. The sand is hot."

Rasenna accepted the army sandals and laced them to her lower legs. Wearing them
and dressed only in the short toga worn underneath the heavy armor, Rasenna
stood still while the Nubian undid her hair and let it fall loose to her
shoulders.

"That's better. Now, follow me."

From the corner of each eye she observed as they trudged further into the
gladiatorial school. The Roman sandals felt clumsy at first, but at least they
protected the soles of her feet. Sweating gladiators trained in various drills
as she followed the owner of the deep voice.

Cooler shade enveloped them as they stepped between two wood pillars and into a
small hut. The Nubian turned, picked up two small leather wraps and said, "I'll
step outside while you put these on. Make them fit and join us. Fast."

Rasenna fashioned a short skirt from the largest piece of leather, and used the
thinner swatch to wrap around most of her chest. Satisfied with the new outfit,
she stepped back into the sunny training area. Most of the gladiators stopped
their training to admire their new fellow student.

Two-piece, or not, making an entrance was easy. Rasenna secretly chastised her
own vanity, but here was the first hint of pleasure since encountering the
Romans. Heads turned with her return to the training field.

She exercised with the men, and by herself. The Nubian who had taken her armor
at the gate returned. He was some kind of assistant to the sponsor of the
school. She practiced with the clunky wooden weapons and when the assistant
called out she ran laps around the exercise area with the rest of the
gladiators.

Later that day, Rasenna closed her eyes and relaxed in the warm bath available
to all of the students at the school. She had bested most of the men at the
day's practice but now paid the price with sore muscles and joints. The soothing
waters would help, and Rasenna allowed her mind to drift.

From above where she lay stretched out in the bath a male voice of one of the
gladiators interrupted her reverie as it boomed, "We have come for a piece of
that royal ass..."

Rasenna didn't bother to open her eyes, but continued to soak and said, "Sorry,
but I'm not in the mood."

Exercising with men, nude or otherwise, and even having sex with more than one
of them was not foreign to her culture. At this moment, however, Rasenna did not
wish to be disturbed. She continued to let the warm Roman bath soak her tired
body.

Another male voice, also one she recognized as another gladiator, giggled and
said, "You heard her-she's "not in the mood". His voice echoed in the small
room. "Does anyone here recall asking the she-wolf how she felt about things?"

Several male voices chuckled in agreement with the giggler. Rasenna chanced to
open her eyes. Above a massive cock swung like a wayward pendulum. To the side
of the tub hairy legs climbed to a second mass of hair and male genitalia.
Behind it, male hands stroked a penis already half-erect. A strong arm reached
down. Its fingers dipped into the water and wrapped around her shoulder.Water
fell as she was lifted clean from the bath.

"Like I said, guys," she cleared wet strands from her face. It looked as though
most of the school was there. "I'm NOT in the mood."

The first voice said, "We really don't care what mood you're in."

"Maybe then you'll care about THIS." Rasenna slammed her wet knee into the man's
crotch and threw him into the shallow water. Grabbing another's hand, she bent
the fingers back until he, too, screamed and fell into the bath. The burly
Algerian rushed her from the side. Rasenna slipped on the wet tile, regained her
balance and slammed the sole of her foot into the charging man's kneecap. She
slipped aside, the better to let him splash into the first two.

"WHAT is happening here?"

The shout halted them all. The Nubian stood at the bath entrance. His white eyes
surveyed the fallen bodies and Rasenna. He went up to her and said, "You have
injured three good men here. Better hope they recover in time for the big game
this weekend."

The assistant turned and left.




III


They left her alone for the rest of the week. Each grueling day grudgingly
earned the gladiators' respect of the comely female who also possessed strong
martial skills. The week progressed at the school without incident until their
final day of practice ended and all bathed.

"Get out. And don't bother toweling off." The centurion stood over the female
nude soaking in the bath below him "Come with us."

Rasenna saw the soldiers gathered around her part of the bath. There were too
many to fight. She sat up and rolled from the tub. Wet beads ran from her body
as she stood next to the centurion.

"Take her outside. You know what to do."

She let herself be taken back into the court. The day's fading sun lit the
center court. Already evening shadows filled most of the perimeter. She was
turned to face away from the gladiators' quarters, but could feel all eyes on
her and the Romans. Manacles clasped her hands behind her neck. Rasenna looked
down to see uniformed legionnaires pulling her legs apart. Stakes were pounded
into the ground and her ankles tied to the stakes.

Rasenna raised her head. The centurion was nowhere in sight. In his place an
older soldier seemed to be in charge. Tomorrow was supposed to be the big event,
she knew, but she still had questions. She spoke to him and said, "What now?"

The veteran looked back at the pretty Etruscan and said, "Never mind. You'll
see." He waved for three female slaves to bring their equipment and come closer.

Rasenna kept silent as the slaves used razors to closely shave her armpits and
legs. One behind formed a single braid from her blonde hair. She was not about
to speak to those below her in more ways than one. Only when one of them applied
cream to her groin and began to shave away her pubic hair did she speak.

"What are you doing???!"

She got no answer from any of the slaves. Rasenna stood, legs spread and arms
raised with wrists locked behind her neck, helpless to protect herself from the
silent movements manipulating her body. As soon as they were done, all three
opened clay jars and poured honey mixed with oil over her. It held a light scent
of perfume. Their fingers massaged the combination into her flesh. Had she not
been so tied, the treatment might have felt good.

The silent workers soon finished. Packing up all of their equipment the slaves
slid away. Rasenna lowered her chin. The tops of her breasts glistened in the
waning light. A shadow appeared in front of her. It was the veteran soldier.

"You have a good night," he said with a glint as his eyes roamed down the oiled
chest. "Tomorrow's the big day and you're the star attraction, but I suspect
that before then you'll get something of a rude royal wakeup."

Rasenna watched him leave. Night fell. Above the first stars appeared. Behind
her she could hear the lecherous whispering of the gladiators. From beyond the
walls of the school the evening sounds of the city continued. She tried her
wrists, but the manacles held. Her back ached, but she determined not to please
any of them. Complaining about such treatment was beneath royals. She would
spend the night standing in place.



Near dawn, marching calls came with the sounds of pounding boots, slapping
leather and clanging metal uniforms. In the gray light Rasenna counted at least
a half-dozen of the characteristic Roman helmets. She felt exhausted from
holding the same position all night long. A helmet with a crest and plume moved
to her side and behind. She felt fingers spread across her back and firmly push.

Rasenna easily fell, twisting her head just before she landed and hitting the
sand with her elbows. The gladiators had arisen with the arrival of the Romans
and watched through the bars of their dugout as one of them pushed the Etruscan
forwards. From their view they saw everything. Rasenna propped between uniforms.

Morning sun steadily revealed more. Two sides of the shallow triangle contrasted
smooth flesh with grainy sand. Splayed knotted calves ascended to the backs of
muscled thighs and an obviously female apex of the makeshift triangle.

"You men know that I am not usually one to pull rank, however," said the one who
took over from the centurion the day before, "I do believe that in this case
I'll make an exception." More light of the new day helped show the man's grin to
his younger soldiers. He patted Rasenna's rump and spread her clenched cheeks to
the hoots and cheers of his subordinates. Reaching under the short tunic he
withdrew an erect, and surprisingly large, penis. Holding it with one hand while
parting her ass cheek with his other, the veteran slid his member up and down
between her crotch.

Gladiators fought one another for the best vantage point. Those that won
steadfastly gripped the bars rising from ground level to just about head height;
their barracks floor space being several feet below the surface of the training
arena. Those unlucky enough not to grab hold of the bars pressed their faces
between the shoulders of others more fortunate. One of them murmured almost to
himself, "She's going to really get it now..."

Rasenna ground her cheek across grit as she straightened her head and rested on
her chin. She grimace as the Roman behind her probed, and then gasped as he
thrust, rasp-like into her dry space.

"Come on now, royal slave," he grunted. "Don't be so tight."

Amid cheers from his men, the veteran plunged his piston deeper. Gripping her
buttocks, he thrust more, watching the vertebrae, muscles and bones beneath his
proud victim's back tense.

"That's better." At last, he felt himself slide in, as if breaking through a
barrier. Sliding out, before another thrust, he saw himself now well lubricated.

"Let's try this other opening. First, though, I better check." He licked his two
fingers and dug them into Rasenna's ass.

Tears welled under her shut lids. Rasenna resolved to keep quiet, but gasped, as
she felt ripped apart by the Roman's fingers. Her cry was sharp and brief as she
felt the cock split her beyond imagination.

Finally, he ejaculated.

"I thought all those Etruscan bitches were sluts," the veteran grunted as he
moved aside for his next in command. "This one's like a virgin."

"Maybe, but not for long," said the young soldier who had taken his place. His
remark drew derisive laughter from those standing around. "This one's no
madonna..."

Those watching from the barracks remained hushed as they witnessed one soldier
after another rape Rasenna. Eventually, her long legs bent at the knees, but the
lowered angle hardly put a stop to the Romans lustful quest. They merely ground
more of her into the sand with their savagery.

"Untie her ankles and unlock the manacles holding her wrists together." The
veteran slowly paced around the fallen Etruscan. "Everyone had their chance?" He
surveyed the happy faces of his squad and said, "Good. We'll come back in an
hour or so. Until then, drag the slave over to the gladiators. They'll know what
to do."

Rasenna was dragged by the wrists and dumped down the short flight of mud steps
leading to the gladiators' barracks. They gathered around as one of them got a
wet cloth and wiped away much of the bloody residue.

"Don't treat her so nicely. Remember; it's because of this bitch that most of
you are about to die today," The Algerian growled from his seat near the rear of
the cavern. "Besides, I'm still crippled because of her. Make way you forlorn
bastards, I'm coming through to take my revenge"

The others parted as the man still limping from the encounter in the baths
earlier this week shouldered his way toward Rasenna's prostrate figure. Their
mumbling increased. Many nodded their heads in agreement with what the Algerian
said, and started to shove their way to be next behind the gross figure kneeling
between the female's legs.




IV

"Out now, all of you! And don't forget the she-wolf." The stocky legionnaire
called to the gladiators after assembling his squad of men in front of the
barracks. He tilted his head back and looked to see the day's weather. Already
the heat had risen, and the blue sky looked free of any clouds. He turned back
to the barred quarters. Gladiators pulled from the dark the Etruscan.

They all stood on the training ground. The Romans first garbed Rasenna in her
two-piece. The one wrapping her hips tied off the leather just above one hip,
angling the other side downward. The soldiers had brought a light rose tunic.
The sleeveless full-length robe fell from her shoulders to float over the
insteps of her feet.

The sand burned Rasenna. She allowed herself to be dressed, a mantle, the same
shade as the light tunic covered her hair. Manacles locked her wrists behind
her. She grunted as her elbows were tied close to each other. Looking down, she
saw her chest sticking forward.

"Bring her over here," said the veteran and pushed the veiled female down so
that she sat on a small bench. "This," he leered, "is for you."

Rasenna wearily looked up from her sitting position. The Roman's mailed fists
held a circular bunch of thorns.

"A crown, befitting a royal slave"

The crashing atop her head shifted her balance. She swayed as she sat. Another
pounding drove her off the bench entirely. Rasenna kneeled in the sand. Hot
drops of blood wet the mantle and splattered across her thrusting chest.

The veteran looked down at the kneeling Eturscan. Scarlet rivulets flowed from
the crown down the mantle and over the tunic. "Get her up, and let's get going.
We are due to be there soon."

"You have done well." Rasenna slowly raised her head. Before her stood the bulk
of the Nubian assistant at the school. Her reddened dark eyes met his as she
felt hands linking chains from her wrists to those behind her. "So far with the
rapes and all. But, there is much to follow."

Her eyes closed as she felt the Nubian lift up the bloody mantle and pass a
rough rope around her neck. She was to lead common slaves, as one just as
common, at the end of a rope leash.

The gladiatrix prepared herself for the walk through city streets to the
coliseum.




V

The city's economic discord became immediately apparent as the line of
gladiators led by the gladiatrix left the confines of the school. Shabby vendors
haggled with greedy patrician customers. The regal glided amongst squalor.
Shattered amphorae littered spaces where fresh pottery was being crafted. Narrow
winding streets suffocated. Throngs of beggars clogged the way of the more
prosperous as the mounted centurion led his infantry. In the midst of the
congestion, the huge Nubian tugged the rope leash looped around Rasenna's neck
as they progressed toward the coliseum.

This morning the streets were actually less congested than normal. Most had
already taken advantage of Caesar Scipio's free admission to the spectacle, and
earlier had fought their way into the coliseum to take possession of the best
seats the upper tier afforded. Prostitutes continued to roam the alleyways,
occasionally peeking out from shaded nooks to have a look at what was hurting
their usual business.

The cloth mantle covering Rasenna's head became many shades darker than the pale
rose tunic whose color it once matched. Sharp thorns ringing it pierced the
fabric. Blood from the scalp underneath was absorbed. Coagulated blood blackened
the hue. Fresh streams stained the material. What did wounds from the crown not
darken was soaked by sweat. Precious little of its original color remained the
same as the long tunic Rasenna wore.

Progress proceeded through the narrow streets. The coliseum loomed before them.
It was not as impressive as the one in Rome, but still of great size. Statues
stood in two stories of arches surrounding the outside.

The centurion led the military escort and the chained about to perform into a
side entrance. Sounds of celebration from inside the coliseum radiated through
out the surrounding area. The last gladiator and escort disappeared as they
entered the entrance and walked down the incline to below the arena.




VI

Rasenna gripped the coarse iron bars from inside the cell. Her head throbbed
from the thorns that had been removed shortly after they entered the cool gloom
of the basement below the arena. Her soggy mantle and then tunic were taken, the
crown slammed back on her head and then she was put in a cell.

"Open the cell. Bring her out. Chain her wrist to the others'. She will lead the
poma." The organizer of the spectacle shouted orders.

Rasenna thought the aedile had a squeaky voice, rodent-like, but she stepped
from the cell as the door swung open, allowed chain to link her wrist with a
gladiator and moved toward the elevator platform that would lift them all back
up into daylight. The parade of gladiators before those gathered inside the
coliseum would be her first look at its interior.

At least wearing just the two pieces of leather would be cooler. A drop on her
arm distracted. A fresh blood dot slid into a thin stream and ran down from
Rasenna's upper arm. It had fallen from one of the thorns. Rasenna looked away,
and chose to ignore the newest reminder of her crown.

Slaves worked pulleys and the platform rose. All were soon above ground.

She stood dumfounded. Rising, and filling most of the arena space was a small
mountain. It was a fair replica of the area where she finally was captured.
Trees and shrubs, along with rocks and cliffs, were all planted or constructed
in the center of the ring. Rasenna even saw a stream of water just like the one
she had dove into to escape the Romans, except this one looked like it encircled
the whole mountain making it into a small island. Her eye caught something move
amongst the planted undergrowth and she wanted to see what it was, but a hand
pulled her elbow.

"Come on. You'll get time to look more later."

Crowds filling the two tiers cheered the arrival. Most of all, they cheered the
gladiatrix. The previous week all had heard the gossip and seen the graffiti
covering the city's walls proclaiming this spectacle. Patricians had the best
seats. These were located on the lowest tier. It was the most shaded with a huge
awning shading them. Above shouted females of many classes. There was a smaller
awning covering them in shade and standing above all were plebians and slaves.
Tuba and cornu brass sounded around the packed coliseum. Pennants hung limply in
the stilled air. Triumphal emblems sparkled around the venue. All grew ecstatic,
as the elevator appeared bearing those they had come to see.

It was a short walk over to front Scipio's luxury box. Rasenna barely bothered
to consider the cushioned seats, elaborate frescoes, glittering jewelry, or
wafting perfume odors. She kept silent and eyes on the ground until she felt
their guide lead them back toward the elevator.

Once more in the bowels of the coliseum, Rasenna inhaled the cool air. It was
rank with the smells of animals and humans, but at least it was not as hot as
above. From the corner of her eye she saw one of the slaves approach carrying a
leather belt with sheath attached.

"This is for you," he said as he knelt and tightened the belt around her waist
and then a small strap at the end of the sheath to anchor it to her thigh. "You
are to be first."

Rasenna walked with the slave back to the elevator. Waiting there was the
Nubian. In his hand he held out to her an old sword. "What's this?"

"Your weapon, gladiatrix. Take it."

She held out a hand, then used two. The short blade was heavy. Rasenna looked
down at the rust and pitted surface and was about to protest when she felt the
platform under her move as she was lifted up. She looked back into the basement
and saw all of their eyes upon her.

None spoke as she rose back into bright sunlight.




VII


Caesar Scipio nodded to the rodent-voiced organizer of the spectacle who in turn
nodded to his assistants. Slaves carrying placards ran around the bank of the
water surrounding the small mountain as Rasenna stood before the consul's box
seats. Without leaving his cushioned seat, Caesar Scipio proclaimed so that all
could hear, "Let the Games Begin!"

Rasenna looked to the slave nearest her and read the sign. It said The Escape of
the Royal Slave. Beyond the sign-bearer, she saw a squad of brown and red
uniforms rounding a side of the island. Turning to the opposite side, she saw
another group of soldiers.

All were rushing toward her. She had only one escape, and that was the water.

The escaping slave pivoted away from Scipio's direction and ran toward the bank.
Without hesitation she dove in. The new medium of water engulfed her. Rasenna
discovered the water ringing the fabricated island to be shallow and narrow. She
swam but a stroke before touching the opposite bank. Clambering up onto the
island, Rasenna chanced a quick look over her shoulder and saw that both groups
of soldiers were closer. She looked ahead. There were two roads winding around
the small mountain. She took the on to her right and ran.

Rasenna ignored the crowd noise and concentrated on running up the path. She
stopped for a moment, unsheathed the old sword and used its blade to pry off the
thorns crowning her head, careful not to further cut her injured scalp. The
crown broke apart, and she flung its two pieces into the water. She threw the
blade after it and ripped off the scabbard and belt. Free of its added weight,
she wiped her brow clear of fresh blood from opened cuts and continued running
up the path. She could not see them, but felt sure that by now the Romans were
on the island with her.

Ahead she spotted a small cliff. If it was as authentic as the rest of the
coliseum's island, the rocks imbedded in its wall should hold. Rasenna ran off
of the path, through shrubbery and began to climb up the rocky face.

Once on top, she ran. Soldier's voices could be heard. Rasenna came to another
outcrop of rocks and stopped. Blocking her way growled a mountain lion. It was
this beast that Rasenna had glimpsed before, during the parade. Now it was much
clearer. She braced herself against a sandy rise and did not dare move. The big
cat's teeth and jaws salivated. Yellow eyes locked on her fear.

Rasenna did what only came to mind; she screamed for help.

A group of Roman soldiers heard the scream and veered off the path they were
following and toward the sound. They burst through foliage and came across the
lion with its intended prey. They rushed forward to capture both.

Rasenna anticipated the animal's move. It panicked when the soldiers crashed
through behind it and turned on them. At that instant, she fled. As she ran, the
sounds of the cat and screams from the men were heard over the noise of the
coliseum crowd.

Scipio chortled to friends and complimented the aedile on the fine spectacle.
Eagerly he joined them in watching the drama before them unfold. The female ran
away and disappeared as the lion tore into the pack of men, swiping with its
claws at the soldiers. It pounced on one of them, knocking him backwards.
Together they rolled in the dust. The animal ripped and tore until at last
speared by a soldier. Its corpse lay amid mangled remains of humans.

All sheltered under the luxuriant shade agreed that the carnage provided an
excellent spectacle.

Rasenna ran higher up the hill, until she could run no more. Hands on her knees,
she panted for more air. To make faster progress, she had returned to the
winding road. Sweat dripping down her face, she looked up only to face the
second group of soldiers. She looked down the side of the mountain to the water.
Rapidly her mind remembered that it was this same predicament she had faced
before being captured. Then she had almost escaped by diving into the water. She
could try it again, but then it was a river leading to freedom...now the water
below was circular, and inside an arena.

From the source of the aqueduct feeding the coliseum's water one of aedilis's
assistants followed his instruction. Inflammable oil was added to the font, and
then ignited. Flames shot up as the oil floated on the surface of the watery
ring around the island.

Rasenna reacted to the sight of the flames with as much shock as many in the
coliseum, but for different reasons. Her plan to escape went up in smoke.

The leader of the second squad of soldiers signaled. Two of his men sailed the
heavy rope net. It knocked the female down as it fell over its mark. The ends
were quickly gathered and tied. The escaped slave was captured. He acknowledged
the cheers filling the coliseum, and then quickly ordered his men to begin
dragging the netted slave down the staged mountain.

Scipio enthusiastically applauded the spectacle's progress. Looking around the
filled tiers he saw the excitement of all. His loyal constituents would love him
for this entertainment, he knew, and little did they know that the best was yet
to come. He must do his very best to not disappoint.

They waited for the fires to extinguish and then crossed the stream. The wet
ropes were pulled off. Rasenna felt arms lift her to her feet. Water from being
dragged back through what she had hope was her escape cascaded down. Little
puddles formed around her toes. She faced where Scipio sat and did not see him
in the shadows, but recognized his voice.

"You gladiatrix, a common slave, are by our laws condemning criminals of
magnitude hereby sentenced to crucifixion. But as your execution site is
prepared up, atop our little mountain here, you shall behave as the true slave
you are."

From behind her she saw a two-wheeled cart pulled by slaves. A soldier
positioned her between two rods leading from the front of the cart and locked
her manacled wrists to the wood. Rasenna blinked her eyes in the direction of a
sad chain of nude men. As they walked closer, she recognized the four as the
survivors of her retinue. Each nodded to her as they walked past and stepped up
into the cart.

The stinging slap staggered. Her single braid was ripped apart. What was not
congealed spread in golden ringlets across shoulders. Rasenna cleared her eyes
and stared into the swarthy face of the veteran. Those spiteful eyes she would
not forget.

"Just something to get your attention...slave," the veteran said and parted
Rasenna's lips with leather from the thick whip he held. "Let's see just how you
can lead your men, shall we?" He laughed and stepped between the harnessed slave
and the outside of the coliseum wall. Uncoiling the whip he swung.

Rasenna gasped as the leather raked her back. She stumbled forward, but was held
by the weight of the cart. She jerked her head up as another lash crossed her
back. This time, the cart moved. Again the whip fell, and her legs began to pump
furiously.

Scipio and friends shared wine and delicacies provided by attendant slaves.
Between mouthfuls they cheered each appearance of the slave as she appeared from
behind the fake mountain's side. Most knew of her royal background and that
increased their pleasure as she was whipped to pull the cart faster.

The men chained in the bed of the cart were jostled as it picked up speed. The
older soldier with the whip ran alongside, unmerciful in his use of the lash.
The thin leather of her top quickly became frayed. A roar from the far side of
the coliseum announced its destruction. Scipio nudged those closest. When the
Etruscan appeared after completing another lap, she ran topless. Frivolity mixed
with lust welcomed the sight. Free of what held them more or less in place, the
full breasts wobbled and danced. One shiny globe with its pink tip bounced up as
its sister fell down with every Etruscan stride. Her legs felt ready to give out
as she ran.

Rasenna felt her chest about to explode. A hand grabbed her hair and wrenched
her to a stop. She collapsed to her knees, chained wrists still holding back her
shoulders and arms, chest heaving as it gasped for air.

The voice she recognized boomed from out of the shadows again as it said, "Not
bad, slave. Remain on your knees. In a moment you shall carry your cross up to
the summit, but first, you need to say farewell to your people..."

Blood pounded in her head so loudly she could hardly hear, at least that is what
Rasenna wished to believe. Her worst fears were confirmed when she saw the bare
male feet stop just in front of where she knelt. Sweat streaming down her face,
Rasenna looked up the naked body and recognized the face of Cutu, her
lieutenant.

Her eyes widened when she saw the veteran stand next to Cutu and order him to
lift up his cock. Reluctantly, he lifted up the member, only inches from
Rasenna's lips. The veteran Roman soldier pushed the pack of her head forward.
Her lips opened. She sucked the warm cock.

Scipio was overcome by a fit of giggles as the kneeling Etruscan sucked. He
burst out in guffaws and applauded the veteran's sense of timing when he raised
up the sharpened blade of his sword.

Rasenna's eyes opened wide when she heard the horrid scream and felt the hot
blood splash her face. She spat the penis from her mouth and cried as Cutu
rolled in agony on the ground. She watched him bleed to death, the severed
genitalia laying alongside.

Her stomach heaved, and Rasenna retched. A rag smeared away gore from her face
and she saw another had replaced Cutu. Before her stood Thucer. The nightmare of
Cutu fresh in her mind, Rasenna reasoned that it would actually be better for
her to do her oral best. That way, the men would die more quickly from blood
loss. She dove for Thucer's member and used her tongue to harden him.

Two of her own men lay dead next to her.

The next was Rasce, and she bobbed her head over his shaft. He soon fell with
his brethren.

The last was Larth. The young man was her lover, as well as friend. They had
celebrated their closeness at many an Etruscan banquet, dancing after each
syndeipnow, or sumptuous meal. Rasenna tried retching, but was only racked by
dry heaves. A hand brusquely slapped her head forward. Her mouth swallowed
Larth's cock.

Some from Scipio's party made excuses to leave after the bloodied bodies were
kicked into the artificial river, but Scipio commanded them to stay. The best,
he assured them, was yet to come. In a sense, his exhortations proved prophetic.

A slave collar, especially fashioned with a cord piercing the severed genitalia,
was draped over the Etruscan's shoulders. Released from the cart she fell to all
fours, collar dangling down. Quickly raised back up to her knees, a heavy
crossbeam was settled behind her neck, her arms tied to the wood. With some
help, she staggered to her feet and was led to cross the water. Scipio watched
with the others as her first foot splashed into the stream.

Workers had been busy during the other spectacle proceedings. On the summit of
the faux mountain they had erected a timber that climbed high into the
blistering sky, well above the highest point of the coliseum. Finished securing
its base, they gathered tools and followed supervisors back down the slope. On
their way down they met the condemned slave struggling under the heavy beam as
she labored up the path.




VIII

That evening the self-appointed Caesar hosted a lavish feast at his palace.
Sconces and flaming braziers played light on elaborate frescoes. Shadows
stretched from statues of deity. Multi-colored sculptures of erect penis'
complete with testicles scattered amongst the well-dressed privileged, many of
whom were heavily intoxicated. Opulence perfumed the air.

Given the larger-than-life enormity of the sculptures, they were, of course,
fanciful. Other genitalia, however, was exact to Scipio's specifications.
Earlier that afternoon, he had instructed slaves to make a mold of the
Etruscan's vulva as she hung crucified. The clay hardened and was later used by
cooks and bakers in preparation for the feast. Steam arose from between pastry
lips of many an entree, and the presentation of various cakes and molded
confections for desert delighted many.

The sounds of lyre and flute amongst the partygoers muted as Scipio stood on his
private bedroom balcony. From the perch he could see much of the city. Across
the expanse many a candlelight burned. In the distance glowed the cross as it
arose from the coliseum.

He had left with many after the orgy of gladiatorial combat. Perched on the
summit the royal slave lived the tortures of the crucifixion. On the arena floor
Thracian fought retarius until all of the gladiators were killed and their
bodies rolled into the water surrounding the built mountain.

Before departing, the organizer of the spectacle assured him that a constant
supply of oil on the water would be lit at nightfall, thereby illuminating the
cross for all around to see. The aedile spoke the truth Scipio thought as he
gazed out into the night air. The man would be rewarded for his efforts...

"Shh, Scipio said to his two companions as the three stood on the balcony.
"Listen." He hugged the two slave girls closer to his blubbery sides.

Together they heard in the distance the faint cries of the crucified. The two,
dressed as nymphs, stared out in the direction of the coliseum. Shining against
the backdrop of the night sky they saw the source of the cries. Both shivered
and snuggled closer to their master.

"Come, let us add to our own music," Scipio whispered and turned the threesome
back into his bedroom. "Royal she may be, but you can see what happens to
naughty slaves."

The two locked in their master's embrace quickly perished the reference and
obediently stepped closer to the gauzy curtains surrounding the huge bed.



The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





