BDSM Library - 30th Birthday Present




30th Birthday Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She should never had stayed married. It was obvious he would take his revenge, it's easy for a drunk rich man to make life hell.
Another Story by PAGAN 


30th Birthday Present.


Ann sat writing out her list of friends for her 30th birthday party that she had
promised herself,that's if any of her friends would turn up,since her fat
over-bearing husband slowly chased them off with his constant lusting after them
at functions or parties.

Ever since she was his secretary at the age of 19 he had been at it and she was
one of his victims who fell for it.At 21 she had married him,unknown to her she
had become his third wife.

They had only been married six months when she caught him having sex with some
woman in a car,it didn`t stop there,for the next five years he was constantly
bed hopping to which she had turned a blind eye.The final crunch came when he
was arrested with a prostitute,she decided that was the last nail in the
coffin.Five years on she had moved into the other bedroom and never slept with
him again he was disgusting and repulsive,he was now over weight,balding and he
smelt, trouble was, he still thought he was gods gift to women.

Her disgust didn`t stop at him,she believed that most men were no different only
interested in one thing to get between her leg`s,she even stopped going to the
gym or pool as she felt that men were leering at her because of her gypsy
looks,long legs,trim figer and the one thing that didn`t help her situation, her
38inch breasts.

Her closet friend called to see her,over coffee Ann told her of her fear about
holding this party,her friend didn`t need to be told twice about the wandering
hands as she had to fight him off several times,but they were friends and it was
time to give Ann some advice,she told her,"Ann your a really attractive
woman,you should divorce the dirty bastard and get yourself a decent bloke".Ann
laughed,"As far as I,m concerned all men are dirty bastards, anyway I,m set on
my ways now and besides I enjoy making his life a misery as he, no doubt, enjoys
his diseased ridden prostitutes.

Later on that night he came in smelling of cheap perfume,he was drunk and drew
her a dirty look,Ann knew it was time to head off to her bedroom and lock the
door,it took him half an hour to do his usual,his little trick as she called it,
of pushing a porn mag under her door.The pages were covered in obscene writing
all about what he would love to do to her with arrows pointing to the different
sex positions in the mag,it always finished off with the words,Frigid Whore,Your
Going To Get It.But she knew that in the morning everything would be back to
normal,not talking just living this make believe life,she knew that he would
love her to divorce him,why should she give in to him,she enjoyed the rich style
life.

 The 30th birthday party went great,Ann enjoyed herself with the few friends
that turned up.Arron and Ann put on their little show of man and wife only her
closet friend Karen knew the full truth,they both laughed as she told Ann,"I bet
this party is killing him,"Arron looked over at them and smiled,Ann didn`t like
it when he smiled.The smile never left his face as he came over to them and
said,"Happy 30th birthday darling," he handed her an envelope,she looked puzzled
as this was the first thing he had given her in five years.Ann opened it to find
a ticket for a months cruse all around the Mediterranean,she thanked him but as
he turned away she turned to Karen and said,"He`s up to something,"Karen was
quick to answer,"He`s always up to something only this time your making
something out of it,"Ann smiled,"You know your right,bugger him I,m going".

Once all the friends had left she began cleaning up a little,Arran came out of
the kitchen with two glasses of wine,he said happy birthday again and Ann looked
at him.he said,"It is time we buried the hatchet,time for a better start and I
hope that by giving you a little present to start with that we could be a little
more,shall we say,friendly,I hope I can make up for the years of misery".

She had the drink with him,then abruptly said,"Don`t for one minute think this
lets you back into my bed,he held his hands up,"God forbid,no I,m quite happy
with my whore`s".

The usual Ann kicked in,"Good,there`s no way I,d let a perverted disgusting man
like you near me",she took a deep breath and felt good about that little
outburst,took another drink and carried on tiding up,as she filled the dish
washer she began to feel drunk or tired, her legs wouldn`t hold her and she sank
down to her knees,her head was all giddy she looked up to see her perverted
husband smiling at her.He put his hand in his pocket and produced the cruse line
ticket,still smiling he said,"Look bitch,"as he tore it up,his smile became a
sneer,"Your not going anywhere,your mine to do with as I please, for the next
month.

Ann tried to answer back but no audible words came from her mouth as her
lifeless body lay slumped in the corner of her kitchen.She now realized why the
offer of a drink, she had been drugged and all she could do was look on in
horror as her fat repulsive husband began to undress.

Tears began to weld up in her eye`s as he stood infront of her,naked,his small
cock protruding from below his fat stomach,he began fondling his cock as he came
towards her,"Do you know how many women this has satisfied--100s,expect
one,you,you frigid cunt,"he grabbed her by the hair as he squatted down in front
of her and held her face as he rubbed it back and forth over his chubby little
cock,he reached down behind her and unzipped her dress then he threw her back,
she hit her head painfully on a door handle as he screamed,"You don`t know how
much I hate you bitch,"then in a mad frenzy he clawed at the dress and bra until
they were round her waist exposing her  large tit`s,"God I,ve always thought of
your tit`s as being magnificent and the,ve not lost their bounce,just as
fantastic as ever",he buried his face in them squeezing, sucking and biting them
so hard that tears ran down her face in pain.

He suddenly pulled her by the hair along the tiled floor until she was flat on
her back so he could take hold of the bottom of her patterned dress and pull it
right off from under her,leaving her laying there in just her white cotton
pants,he growled,"So this is what I,ve missed at least my whore`s dress in sexy
underwear",he reached down and ripped her pants clean off,"Bloody hell your bush
is hairier than I remember",she truly did have a full bush,he pulled her legs
wide open,"I see you have stopped shaving your cunt,still looks tastey though, 
I must have a face full of that,"he bent her legs up fully exposing her and
rubbed his face in to it,"Oh what a lovely ass-hole all neat and pink,I have to
shag some of that",Ann braced herself for the pain of having something in her
ass for the first time as he parted her cheeks and put his small cock up her
she,thanks to the drug she could hardley feel anything,he was in her for about
two minutes before he shot in to her and pulled out,he stood over her flicking
the left over cum back and forth onto her face.Once again her sneered down at
her,"I bet you hated having that up you,your nothing but a man hater,Ann was
screaming in her mind,You dirty filthy bastard,I,m going to make your life
hell,you fuck.He left her laying there but he was soon back with a bottle of
whisky,he started drinking glass after glass while boosting to his helpless
victim about all the women he had sex with,he told her these women may be low
life to her,but they beat her at satisfying him one hundred fold.

Then he said sarcastically,"I think I will introduce you to two of my low
life's,who are good friends of mine".He reached for his mobil phone,Ann lay
shivering as she listened to her perverted husband talking to some whore called
Winnie,he was inviting her and another whore called Tara over to the house,he
said,"I,d like you to come over and have sex with me while my stuck up, man
hating wife watches,"he finished the call by saying,"You know I always pay you
girls more than the rest,now hurry girls".

Twenty minutes past when the door bell rang,Ann could hear female voices,she
tried to move but still had no feeling in her leg`s,the conversation quietened
down on the other side of the kitchen door,then real fear set in as the door
began to slowly open and the fatish face of a half cast woman peeked in then
back out again,"Oh my big stud,I can see why you need me,you need a woman not a
doll,"Ann heard all the giggling and knew she had to get out of the house and
get too Karen's.

The door opened fully as he strode in with the fat half-cast he called
Winnie,they were followed in by an older white,she was Tara a real hatchet faced
woman the type you see on dark back street corners,they both grinned down at
Ann.Arron said,"Come on girls tell this frigid man hater how many time my cock
has satisfied you,Winnie said,"You stud at least a hundred,"Tara shouted
aggressively at Ann,"Honey you don`t know what you missing,this man is something
else,"Arron put his arms round both the women,"I think the world of these two,
more than a stuck up bitch like you,"He began to slobber all over them,as he
said,"Come on girls let`s show this bitch want she`s missing,"he was kissing
them and taking their clothes off.

Tara was the first one nude she had small wrinkled breasts and her bottom half
was covered in stretch marks,the half cast was just fat with big heavy
breasts,she climbed onto the breakfast bar as Arron started mouthing her between
the wide legs.Tara struggled to her knees and took the small cock into her mouth
moaning and sucking hard,she kept pulling her mouth away,looking up at Arron,"Oh
god big boy your the best",suddenly his body jerked and it was all over within
four minutes,Tara stood up,she had little drops of cum on her chin,Arron looked
so pleased with himself,"See bitch I can satisfy two at the same time".Ann lay
there,how could he have sunk so low and how could he do this in his own home,he
had won she would divorce him.

He said,"Do you know my darlings she thinks you are the lowest of low life,"Tara
screamed,"What,"and rushed at the helpless Ann,slapping her hard across the
face,then grabbing her hair she pulled her face close to hers,"You stuck up
bitch,you should try going on the game then you`d know how fucking hard it
is",Arron roared with laughter,"Now there is an idea maybe she should go with
you for a few nights that should show her",Tara jumped up,"Just give me the
chance,I,d drag this cunt round every low life",Winnie joined in,"Ya and Winston
would be the first up her,you know what he`s like for big tit`s",Arron said
drunkenly,"I,ve seen Winnie`s pimp Winston,he`s one big motherfucker",both women
started to take advantage of the mans drunken state,pleading with him,"Come on
Arnie,let us take her to big Winston`s for the night,he`ll soon get rid of her
frigidness and we will look after you,our big stud".

Ann laid there horrified,he was actually thinking about it,then he said the
dreaded words,"O K fuck it,take some more of the drug and take her",the women
jumped up and down squealing,"Arnie your the man,your the greatest",he could
hardly stand,he had to hold on to the table.Tears ran down Ann`s face as the
women phoned this man Winston,then they passed the phone to Arron,he said
drunkenly,"That`s right mate,she`s all yours,just come and take the bitch",he
grinned,"That's great,fantastic,thanks mate,"he called over to the women,"You`ll
never believe this but I get you two for as long as he`s got her,"the women
laughed and called out,"How longs that,"Arron went back to talking,"Well mate as
far as everybody concerned she`s away on a cruse for a month".

Ann lay feeling nauseated, her head spinning as Arron came off the phone,"You
two have to take her to Winston sometime tonight then come back to me". 

Winnie picked up Ann`s dress,"We will take her know then we can get back",Ann
was pulled up and the dress put on,she stared into the drunken eye`s but saw
nothing,he called out as the women dragged her through the door,"Hey what about
these",he held her pants and bra,the women laughed,"She won`t need them were
she`s going,now you just have a few more drinks and we will be back".

They laid Ann in the back seat as Arron staggered to the women kissed them and
told them to hurry back,the women jumped in the car and drove of giggling,"What
a fucking ass-hole,talk about easy money with that dick head,fifty for five
minutes".Still laughing they drove off into the night,Tara climbed in to the
back seat,"So you think we are low life do you,"she grabbed Ann`s hair and
screamed,"Do you",suddenly she planted her lips on Ann`s pushing her tongue into
her mouth and kissed her long and hard,her hand wandered down,pulled up Ann`s
dress and started to work it`s way in-between her leg`s,soon she found the slit
she was looking for and began to work her fingers up inside Ann`s cunt,pushing
hard with her bony fingers until she was buried up her,fucking her dry cunt hard
trying to get a second finger in,she stopped kissing and said,"Like this man
hater,let`s see if we can get your cunt wet and willing",then her face followed
her hands and soon her tongue was talking the place of her finger,licking all
round her cunt then pushing up,Winnie, who had seen what was going on via the
rear view mirror said,"Tara if your going to do her,let`s make some money out of
her cunt and Winston need not know,we got time,let`s take her up to that
teacher,he`ll pay to watch us make her fuck us ".

While Tara kept abusing Ann,Winnie used her mobil to make the arrangements and
soon they were in a nice area full of large house`s,the two women pulled and
pushed their weak victim in to the teachers house,he was a small man around
sixty years of age,he stood in his lounge in just a T shirt and shorts as Ann
was held up between them,but they still had free hands to lift the front of the
dress,"How about that for a nice thick bush",he licked his lips,"She`s a
looker,"the women pulled the dress completely off,"Look at these tit`s,nice
pair",as they held her with her arms stretched out,crucified in front of him,he
moved forward and squeezed both breast`s hard before pulling hard on the nipples
twisting them until Ann moaned in pain,"Ohhh do your tittie`s hurt,lets have a
play under that bush,bet you got a tasty cunt",his bony fingers explored her
cunt as he bent forward and sucked at one nipple then the other,clamping hard
down on them with his teeth,he loved the way Ann gurgled in pain,he looked in to
her eyes,"I bet you fuck up nicely,I fancy my cock in your hole,do you?"Winnie
quickly said,"You,ve only paid to watch her suck our cunt`s,fucking her cunt
will cost you more",with his fingers still playing between Ann's leg`s he
said,"Your on,how much for me to fuck her while you sit on her face".

They dragged Ann over to the sofa and let her fall,pulling her until she was in
position so that Tara could bend her legs over Ann`s mouth,when her cunt was
over Ann`s mouth she nodded to Winnie who started to twist and pull at Ann`s
nipple`s while her other hand tore at the bush covering Ann`s abused cunt,her
screams were muffled by Tara`s cunt lip`s,"Stick your tongue up it and we will
stop hurting you,you might as well do it as we will only hurt you more,you don`t
want me to light a fag and use you as an ashtray or is pain that gets you off,"a
pathetic "Noooo",had Ann sticking her tongue in to the revolting hole stuck over
her mouth. Winnie moved for the man to push Ann`s legs apart and push in to
her.Some of the feeling had come back to Ann`s body,this time she could feel him
in her,he was bigger than Arron, the ugly old man was fucking her hard,very
hard,Winnie started spanking the teachers ass as he fucked in to the beautiful
drugged woman.

Winnie got her mobil phone and pushed the buttons,"Arnie baby you still
sober----just enough-----just listen to this",she put the phone down by the cunt
that was being raped and shouted,"Hear that,that noise,that`s your wife`s cunt
being fucked",Winnie heard him yell,"Let me talk to him",she held the phone to
his ear,"Go on fuck the bitch,ream her cunt,get a handful of that bush,pull hard
and ride her furiously,give that cunt a seeing too.Winnie moved the phone close
to Ann,she moved her face and cried out,"HE---LP,ME,MA----KE TH----EM
ST---OP",as Tara pushed her self back down covering Ann`s mouth again Arron
screamed down the phone,"Enjoy it you fucked up bitch",he joined in the rape by
taunting her and screaming obscenities at her but when he heard the old man
yelling,"I,m coming,I,m coming",he shouted,"Do it over her face,splat her
face",the old man pulled out and roughly climbed up to her face,Tara moved back
and squeezed Ann`s cheeks in hard so her lip`s parted,Winnie took the mans cock
in her hand and wanked him into Ann`s mouth,the man held on to the women's
shoulder`s as Winnie held his cock centimetres inside the quivering
lip`s,suddenly he let out a cry,both women grinned as they watched the old man
cream into Ann`s mouth,Winnie shouted down the phone,"Your bitch`s mouth is full
of cum",Arron shouted back,"Swallow it all you bitch,make her swallow it,the old
man rammed his cock hard into her mouth again and again,Ann twisted her head
from side to side trying not to choke,the old man finished himself off by
slapping her face with his limp cock,as they got off her she slipped off the
sofa and vomited his filth out",the two women were to slow to stop the filth
covering her,"Christ what are we going to do with her,Winston will kill us",the
old man told them to use the shower.Quickly she was in the shower and Winnie was
washing her down,washing her all over her tit`s and down spending time fingering
her cunt and playing with her bush,she pulled her out the shower and laid her
down,she pulled off her own pants and straddled her face,"My turn bitch give it
a licking or I,ll burse you good",Ann tried to lick her but was still drugged to
a point of semi-conciseness,"You useless fuck I got to get off",she got off Ann
and pulled her legs open then spread hers interlocking them together and started
to rub her cunt on Ann`s,Tara came in,"Come on Winnie we got to get her to
Winston",Winnie carried on grinding into Ann`s cunt,"Go get the money off
teach,I,m going to make this cunt get me off",she put a bear hug on Ann`s leg
and rode her cunt on cunt and Ann cried as she had to endure this lesbian rape.

Winnie orgasmed shouting fuck,fuck,got up and sank on to Ann`s face,rubbing her
spurting cunt over her mouth and nose,just then Tara came back in,"Thank god
you`ve finished,here`s her dress lets get her cleaned up and dried off,remember
Winston ",they were soon driving towards town. 

"Give her some more of the drug,we don`t want her telling Winston about our
little detour",Tara wasn`t sure how much drug so she only put a few drops in
Ann`s mouth,it was enough to slow Ann`s movement down again but not to knock her
out like the first time.They pulled up infront of a big old house and she was
pulled in to the entrance,I big black came out,"Oh you got here then,took your
time,"Winnie was quickly in,"She was sick so we had to stop",he looked her up
and down,"Put her in my room and get back to that ass-hole,keep him drunk and
get cards and pin number`s out of him,now get".Ann was thrown on a king size bed
under the watchful eye of Winston,the two women left,"Oh ya, your a good looking
piece of ass,let`s have a look at the hairy bush your old man raves about",he
lifted her dress up and back,"Oh nice,I know a lot of punters that will pay big
money for a play with that,now your tit`s",Ann could move a little and she tried
to hold her dress together begging and pleading for him to stop but Winston was
strong and as bits ripped the dress was soon off and Ann lay before him naked
trying to cover her self with her hands,"Your a looker allright,nice of your old
man to do a bit of wife swapping,now let`s see how you suck cock and fuck
lady".Ann`s eyes stared at the big man undressing in front of her,she moaned as
his nine inch cock sprang out as his pant`s it the floor,he climbed on the bed
beside Ann`s head, moving his black cock over her face,"Right now show me how
you suck cock",Ann felt faint again,her head was spinning,he turned her face to
his erect cock,she closed her eye`s as he slipped it past her lips and into her
mouth,after a few seconds he said,"Hey you ain`t telling me you don`t know how
to suck cock,oh man this is going to be fun",he grabbed her arm and pulled her
hand to his cock,telling her to wank him slowly then to lick the end of his cock
while it was still inside her mouth,he let her do that for a while,then he took
her hand away held her head and told her to tighten her lips around him,he
pushed and pulled her head getting his cock down her throat a little bit at a
time,then he stopped and made her do him,"There you are, now with all the
practice your about to get, you should be a good cock-sucker but for now I want
to fuck that pretty little hole between your legs,spread them",he got in-between
her and started to push in,she pleaded,"No let me go",but it fell on deaf ears
as he rammed himself into her,he grinned down,"Open your mouth and do the same
to my tongue as you did with my cock",he smashed his lips down on hers and his
tongue danced inside her mouth enjoying the way she was gagging for air.

"Allright little lady let`s see how you ride",he turn and pulled Ann with
him,his powerful arms lifted her until she was sitting impaled on his cock,to
keep her upright he held her tit`s in his huge hands and began to pump away
laughing as the tears ran down Anns face,"Don`t waste your tears on this fucking
lady you soon going place`s to see people who will do things to you and you will
have  something to cry about,these people ain`t seen anything as pretty as you
in a long time and you`ll be all theirs to do with as they please".Winston
enjoyed his rape of the cute housewife,holding on to her tit`s and pumping her
up and down his thick black cock as she moaned,never having been fucked with
something as big. He blew himself into her then just threw her to one
side,handcuffed one wrist to the bedpost,he gave her tit`s another mauling as
left her laying there with his filth dripping out of her.

Ann cried herself to a drug induced sleep,she was woke by a hard faced girl with
clothes over her arm,"Boss say`s you got to shower,clean up,I`m to do your make
up and your to wear these",she unlocked her wrist,Ann started to plead to be let
out,the girls cold eye`s looked at her,"You want me dead,get in the shower or
one of the boys will do it for you".Ann showered as the girl lay the clothes out
on the bed,she stood there drying herself looking at what they expected her to
wear,stocking`s, suspender`s, pants with a hole in the middle,no bra and the red
dress looked to small for her,there were three sizes of high heel shoes all with
ankle strap`s,she had never felt so helpless.The girl sat her down and braided
her long dark hair in to a pony-tail then set about the make up,when she had
finished  Ann looked at herself,the thick black eye`s and the red pouting
lip`s,she looked like the thing she hated most,a low life,the worst was yet to
come as she dressed,the red dress was long enough to come to the top of her
stocking`s and low enough to show almost all her breast`s,it was to small and it
hugged every bit of her shapely body,Winston eye`d the girls handy work and
nodded.Winnie and Tara suddenly came in,he snarled at them,"What are you two
doing back",Tara said,"He`s to pissed to do anything,as if he could,but we do
have these",she held two credit card`s,Winston took them,"Got pin numbers",they
nodded,"Your my girls,what do you think of my new one",they laughed
hysterically,"Hello low life,your in for a good time,bet you don`t look so good
when you come back from visiting",what they said filled Ann with terror.

A pair of hand cuffs were fitted to Ann`s wrist`s,Winston came in with two
teenage boy`s,"O K I will take her to Joshes,keep her there and you pick her up
at nine,I`ve got other business,you know where to take her,the big house by the
common,keep her cuffed and let them have the key,they may want to free her,they
may want to keep her tied up,who knows what kink they have in store for her".

She sat blindfolded on the short car journey,they arrived at an old tenement
block she was pushed into a piss soaked lift to the third floor and then taken
into a dirty flat,when her blindfold was taken off she meet a couple,he was a
skinny black,"You want me to keep an eye on her",he smiled which showed that
half his teeth were missing,the woman sat waving her hands at Ann,she was
obviously not all there and was laughing as they took Ann into a dirty bedroom
unlocked one wrist and locked it to a bar over the bed,they left her there.

The man came in half way through the afternoon with some sandwiches,she had to
eat them as she was starving,he just stood there staring at her,she was grateful
when he left but it wasn`t long before three teenage boys came in,"Time to
go",Anns was startled,"It`s not nine",they unlocked her hand and put it behind
her locking her wrists together,"Change of plan,come on",and she was taken down
to the waiting car

She was blindfolded again and the car sped off,the one in the front didn`t look
old enough to drive,as for the two ether side of her,they looked like kids.They
sat in silence until the car turned suddenly,it went dark, Ann knew they were
under cover.The car door opened and she was pulled out,with her high heels she
towered over the youths as they marched her through a door,the blindfold was
removed,Ann looked round she was in a small room,it looked like it had once been
a office,it had a mattress on the floor,"I,er I thought it was a big house",the
three grinned,"It will be later but we thought as Winston`s away on business and
your the best looking thing he has ever had,we brothers would like a bit of fun
with you before you get all messed up".Ann tried to move back towards the door
but there was one behind her,with her hands trapped behind her she had no way of
defending herself,the one behind her put his arms around her,he may have been
small but he was strong,the two infront moved pinning her between them,"Any word
of this to Winston and your not going to live long,understand",terrified Ann bit
her lip and nodded as she felt a hand between her leg`s stroking the naked skin
on her thigh between her stocking tops and pants.

With the pants having no crutch the fingers were soon playing with her bush and
pushing in to her slit,she looked at this kid,"Please don`t,let me go,I have
money and so doe`s my husband",a hand gripped her chin,"Your husband has a cute
wife and we want to fuck her,so keep your mouth for sucking cock and speak only
when we tell you,this ain`t a game,Winston kills people,beside`s he`s got the
best crack in town and we get it,so lets get started,over there on your knees
and open your mouth and leg`s,let`s have a good look at you".Resigned to her
fate Ann walked over to the mattress and knelt,the three followed,first her
tit`s were pulled out of the dress while the hem was pulled up around her waist.
The youths started to pull on her nipples and squeeze her,she cried out as one
stood in front of her loosening his jeans,"Stop squealing you stupid cow,what we
are doing ain`t nothin to what your going to get up at the house so suck on this
while my brothers give your body the once over".

There was nothing Ann could do but open her mouth as the young black kid waved
his cock in her face,she didn`t want to be hurt and she remembered what Winston
had told her,her tongue licked at the invading meat as she moved her head round
trying to get him excited and get the filthy thing out of her mouth quickly,she
could do nothing about the hands now enjoying her ample charms,some kid was
behind her with his hand between her legs,playing with her, pushing fingers up
her cunt and ass-hole.Hands were also squeezing her tit`s while a mouth sucked
noisily on her nipples in-between teeth biting and tugging at them,she tried to
cry out but her young mouth assailant knew what he was doing,every time she
squealed he just rammed his cock further down her throat until she stopped
moving and let all three of them do as they liked to her.

He started to hold her head firmly and his pumping became rapid,she knew that he
was about to come,about to fill her mouth with more filth and there was nothing
she could do,he was going to make her swallow it,he suddenly came and she tried
to keep it in her mouth but a vicious pinch between her legs made her swallow
everything,the one who had been playing with her tit`s pulled her head
round,"You gonna ride my pole white bitch,come on let`s see what you got",he
laid on the mattress and Ann got across him and slowly lowered her self down
until he was all the way in,"O K bitch bounce me",Ann moved up and down back and
forth as best she could with her hands tied hoping she was doing it right,he
seemed to be enjoying it as Ann went through this degrading act,suddenly she was
pushed forward her tit`s were in the kids face and he bit them hard,holding the
nipple she couldn`t move as the youth who had been fingering her cunt got on her
back and she felt his hard cock searching for her ass-hole,oh god no,even for a
kid she knew he was big,she tried to move but her nipple was held hard and he
pushed into her she screamed,"No no god no please he`s taering me take it
out,"the one who had fucked her face knelt infront of her,"Shut the fuck up,if
all you can do is yell you may as well suck me again,get some of that red
lipstick on my cock or I will hurt you more than he is,get it back in your
mouth",trying hard not to sob she let him put it back in her mouth and all three
fucked her in every hole enjoying her pain and humiliation.

They made sure they took a long time fucking Ann,the ones in her ass and cunt
both came but left their cock`s up her getting hard again before ravaging her a
second time,the one in her mouth got hard and took his time filling her mouth
with more of his juice,she wasn`t given much time after they got off her,she was
cleaned up redressed,the youths pinched and prodded her everywhere, abusing her
as they dressed her then one of them forced a capsule into her mouth,her clit
was pinched until she swallowed then one of them stuck his fingers in her mouth
checking she had swallowed it,she could taste herself on his finger and again
while she was driven to the big house her breasts were fondled and sucked.Two of
them stood ether side of her as the door was answered by a fat man,the key was
handed to him,as they turned and left her a second man came to the door,as soon
as the kids had got in the car the two men lurched at Ann,bending her handcuffed
arms further up her back.

Ann creid out in pain and began pleading,"No you don`t understand I,m not a
prostitute,please help me",one of the fat men growled at her,"We don`t care what
you are, we paid good money for you and your going to perform", their voice`s
sounded feminine.Ann was frog marched along this wooden hall with lot`s of
painting on the wall then forced down some stairs and into a big room,Ann felt
sick at the sight,a bed,two couches and various other box`s,worst of all there
was a camera at the bed and another by the couch.

The men locked the door,they laughed at her and in  weird feminine voice`s
said,"It`s a long time since we had any sort of bitch in here",they looked at
Ann,"Usually its little boy`s,so lets see what you look like",as he unlocked the
cuffs,"Get you clothes off bitch",Ann fumbled at her clothes as the two men took
there's off and sat on one of the couch`s, then laid back pulling their knees up
to their chest`s,"Come over here beautiful and use them gorgeous red lips and
kiss ass",Ann tried hard to control her fear,but she was begining to feel
strange,she was light headed as she stumbled to the couch and knelt down staring
at the two dark holes in front of her,she closed her eyes,little light`s
flashed,what was the capsule doing as she bent forward and started kissing their
balls,a hand gripped her hair,"Not there,get your face down on the ass-hole then
start licking".

The other one said,"Go on bitch,kiss his ass get your tongue in it then do
me",Ann felt nauseated as she went from ass-hole to ass-hole being forced to
lick and stick her tongue up them as they played and fondled each others
cocks,they humiliated Ann for about ten minutes before one of them got up,went
to a box and got out a strap on dildo,they made Ann put it on,it cut into her
sore tender skin that had been abused by the three youths,they laid back on the
coach both of them demanding she fuck their ass-hole first,they screamed at her
she didn`t know what to do until a slap across her face then she pushed her hips
at one of them and guided the rubber pole in to a ass-hole,her head spinning,
her ears filled with screams,"Fuck me faster,come on bitch fuck him then me".Ann
thrust her hips as fast as she could,the other one lent over and started to suck
his friends cock,Ann was forced to do him for about twenty minutes while she
suffered the obscenities they shouted at her,finally as he shot cum into his
mouth he turned and spat over her pulling her forward so he could get as much as
possable over her big tit`s,then she had to start all over again up the other
one,she was forced to thrust hard,if she didn`t her nipples were grabbed by the
first one and twisted making her scream while he wanked his cum over himself.

They took the strap on away from Ann and used rubber strapping to tie her hands
behind her,with the weird feeling that the capsule was causing she just stood
there bemused as they both fitted strap on dildos to themselves,they both looked
obscene as they walked with these black cocks she could have laughed at them if
it wasn`t for the collar they were fitting to her throat and started pulling her
towards the bed,she began to become hysterical,screaming at them to stop,one of
them took great delight in gripping her bush and dragging her painfully on to
the bed.He laid on the bed with her as the camera`s were switched on,Ann was
pulled by her nipples and bush until she was straddled across the black rubber
pole fastened to the man laid under her,she grunted in pain as she twisted
trying to get off the rubber cock only losing her balance and falling
forward,the one behind her reached up to the top of the bed,there was a
scaffolding pole fitted with lots of leather contraptions dangling down,he got
hold of a strap grabbed the collar he fitted the clip to it and pulled until
Ann`s body was held above the man her tit`s hanging in his face,his teeth could
inflict the maximum pain to her nipples.While she screamed as the choking and
biting caused her more pain than she had ever felt,"That`s it scream you bitch
and this will help",misery was added as the second man mounted her from behind
and started to force his rubber cock up her ass-hole until her rectum
surrendered and both of them began to fuck in and out of her,hands pulled at her
cunt hairs as teeth bit all over her breast`s,as the sadists ravished both holes
her choking screams filled the room the last thing she heard before she blacked
out was,"This is the way we like our whore`s,screaming for mercy".

She woke to find herself tied up side down from the pole they were coming
towards her with nipple clamps, hanging from them were horrifying steel
weights,then a bell sounded,one man growled,"Ain`t you a lucky cunt,"the other
said,"I knew we should have bought more hours", as they let her down and tried
to dress her one of them grabbed her jaw and twisted her face to him,"Next time
bitch we will have the whole night to play games with you".

Ann sat in the car as it moved away she wept pitifully between the men her hands
cuffed behind her again,there was no pity as her tit`s were pulled out from her
dress,"Wow look at the marks she must have put out good for them",she looked at
the youth and shook her head,he didn`t care and still played with them as she
was driven back to the flat,her clothes were taken and she was left naked
handcuffed to the bar again,in the disgusting room Ann was a physical and
emotional wreak,the room was damp and she only had one sheet,she thought of her
bed at home and cried herself to sleep,only to be woken by the couple,they
pulled the sheet off,Ann cried out,"Oh no,no,please not again".

They put the light on as they turned her on her back,the old man was naked from
the waist down his balls hung low under a cock fit for a younger man.Ann lay
exhausted,unable to put up any resistance as the old man molested her aching
body,she felt sick as his toothy mouth clamped down on hers,she felt him moving
her legs as his cock pushed towards her,with only one hand free it was easy for
him to hold it while he spent the next ten minutes raping her.After he finished
with her she whispered,"Could I go to the toilet",she thought this may be a
chance to run for it,but Ann was handcuffed,marched to the bathroom,forced to do
it in front of them as the woman giggled like at little girl at Ann`s
humiliation,then she was taken back,re-cuffed to the bar and left to wonder what
was next to come.

She slept until three in the afternoon when Winnie woke her,she looked at
her,"Man you look a mess,what's the matter",Ann struggled to say,"Sore,so very
sore",Winnie laughed,"Well doll now you know what it`s like to put
out,especially when their like the one`s you meet last night,anyway Winston
say`s I got to clean you up and get you pretty for tonight",Ann almost
screamed,"No not them,god no please no",Winnie said,"No you got respectable
business men tonight,I don`t know how many,enough of that I got your dress etc,
you know cleaned up, now I,m gonna bath you",Ann stumbled to her feet and Winnie
cuffed her wrist`s then took her to the bathroom.Ann lay in the soapy water as
Winnie cleaned her and checked her bruises`s,"What about the couple here",Ann
told her that he had raped her last night,"Tuff,getting fucked,whether you want
it or not comes with the job".

Ann was blindfolded handcuffed dressed up and being driven to her next punter`s
as they approached the high raise the youth who had his hand up her dress
playing between her leg`s told her it was tablet time again,was she going to be
a good girl and just swallow,she nodded,he pulled her head back and told her to
open,it was to late, it wasn`t until she had, that she realised he had dropped
two in.She was taken up in a lift and in to a smart apartment the key was handed
to a  man,the youths left,Ann`s feeling of good just one where soon dashed as
her head began to swim and a feeling of lightness came over her two more came in
to the room.

They held brandy and smoked cigars,Ann went to speak but was abruptly told to
speak only when told and to do everything they told her too,in an arrogant voice
it was made obvious she was there to be their plaything,to be fucked was her
station in life and fuck her they would but first she was to pose for some
camera shot`s,she could`nt help but giggle the capsules were having a strange
effect on her and she started to play up to them posing in many disgusting
positions.

First pose,"Spread you legs and put your hands on your hip`s,"Second,"Hang your
tit`s over your dress",at seeing the size of her tit`s two of them squeezed them
saying they were the best they had ever had,Third,"Let him hold you tit`s while
we shot",Four,"Remove your dress and pants,hold your own tit`s,point your
nipples at the camera",on seeing her hairy bush one of them fell to his knees
between her legs and started kissing her cunt saying,"Fantastic",another came
over to her told her she had a fabulous body and started kissing her,Ann`s leg`s
gave a little jerk as her clitoris was sucked and tickled by his tongue,it gave
her a tingle,she was enjoying it,the tablets were removing her inhibitions.As
they all started to remove their clothes she was told to keep her
stocking,suspenders and high heels on,the three stood naked and ordered her to
her knees and to start sucking.

She fell to her knees and began gobbling cocks one at a time she worked hard on
them with her tongue,they complemented her on sucking cock good after they were
all hard,one went and sat on the sofa holding his cock and beckoned Ann to come
and sit on it,she backed up and slowly went down on it,she was surprised it
slipped deep inside her without any pain,she was becoming aroused,the tablets
were making her wet.She couldn`t help but put her hands on her knees and pump up
and down furiously,the other two came and thrust their cocks infront of her,she
reached out and began to wank them,one put his hand at the back of her head,she
knew what he wanted,opened her mouth and took his cock between her lips.

She stopped riding and began to wiggle, all her inhibitions had gone,her hips
moved back and forth on the cock inside her,now the other man wanted his cock
sucked,she sucked first one then the other,her hands gripped her ass-cheeks,she
heard one man say,"Bloody hell she`s the best we`ve had,they stopped and moved
her to a new position.

The man with the camera moved around photographing the scene,after fucking her
for twenty minutes they got her on to the floor.They laid her on her side so two
of them could fuck her,one in her ass the other up her cunt,they pulled her
until her shoulders were on the carpet and they could both suck her tit`s,as
they fucked her very hard,  she fought for breath as both of them twisted her
head kissing and tonguing her mouth,Ann was amazed to find she was tonguing them
back then she got more and more desgusting,the camera man told her to lift her
right leg so he could get shot`s of both her holes being fucked at the same
time,she put her hand behind her knee and pulled it to her chest showing the
camera man everything,letting the two men ravish her holes,it was moments later
that she felt the man up her ass explode in her,as he got up he pulled her head
round and passiountly kissed her and she kissed him back,she was so wet and hot.

The man still fucking her used all his strength to lift her and he stood there
with her legs wrapped around his waist as he pumped her up and down as she held
him round his neck kissing him before she hung back to let him suck her
tit`s,she lent all the way back bending until her hands were on the carpet the
position he was fucking her and the tablets excited her it were turning her in
to a slut,the bloke with the camera knelt down and pushed his cock in her
mouth,Ann found it hard to breath as the sensations ran through her,oh god she
was going to have a orgasm,she thought,what had those tablets done to her.

Suddenly the man fucking her pulled out and held her pumping cum all over her
bush,"I love your hairy bush",he emptied himself over her but she hadn`t come,
the man in her mouth sorted that out,he grabbed her,pushed her on to the sofa
pushed her legs up and drove in to her, fucking her until she screamed out
spurting herself all over his rampant cock,he blew himself in her,"God your one
hot cunt".The camera was up again,"Don`t move",Ann was to exhausted too,"Open
your legs wide,I want to see you cum filled cunt,come on wide get them open",she
put one leg on the floor the other on the back of the sofa while the other two
poured more brandy and congratulated themselves on giving her a good fucking.As
she lay exposing herself she heard dogs barking,one man put his drink down,"Shit
I,ll have to take the dam dogs out to quieten them down",he went to a door and
let two dogs in to the room,they jumped around excitedly,one came over to the
sofa and before Ann could move one of them stuck his nose in her cunt.Ann tried
to close her leg`s but the dog wouldn`t move,she put her hand down to push it
away,"Don`t touch my dog",the dog walked away and Ann sat up closing her leg`s,
the man came and sat beside Ann, snapping his fingers until the dog came back,he
looked at Ann and grinned,"Open your leg`s",Ann shook her head,"Please don`t do
this to me",the man grabbed her hair,"Get your fucking legs open lets see how
much of a hot bitch you are".

Ann closed her eyes,she felt the dogs fur on her leg as she realized she had no
choice, slowly her thighs opened,Ann felt disgusted and degraded as one dog
licked at her well used cunt,she started to sob as a voice said,"Give me my
camera,we got us a right horny bitch here",someone sat down and pulled Ann`s leg
over his, the dog owner did the same with her other leg.

She was now wide open and the dog`s cold tongue was licking quite rapidly she
put her hand down,only to be told unless she wanted her hands tied behind her,
leave the dog to lick her out,she laid back while the men enjoyed the view,"How
about putting the dog up",they bent forward and lifted the dogs paws on to the
sofa,the man with the camera pushed the dogs back-side towards the sofa,she went
to move but the dog owner took the handcuffs out of his pocket, she sat back and
closed her eyes as it`s cock touched Ann,suddenly a cheer came from the men as
the Dobermans red erection pushed out of it`s foreskin,the red cock started to
push at Ann and with her cunt being sodden with the men's juice it was easy for
the beast  to penetrate her time and time again.

The dog was going at her faster and faster it`s red fleshy cock was banging
against her cunt or ass-hole,to Ann it was so painful but the dog was
penetrating her and the men were loving it.The bulbous root,bulged against her
clit as the animal thrust in to her,the tablets had released some thing in her
and she was getting wet again,her heavy breathing gave her away to her perverted
voyeurs,the dog`s owner who had started the filthy act was enjoying the hell he
was putting Ann through,he dipped his fingers into his brandy and let it drip on
her nipples.The dogs face was so close to Ann that it`s nose quickly picked up
the smell of the liquor and it`s rasping tongue licked at her nipple,it sent a
wave of pleasure through her body,being forced to keep her arms beside her she
moved her head to the side and moaned,"Nooo please stop",she was facing the
other man who smiled,"Like hell darling,your fun to play with",he dipped his
finger`s in his brandy and let it drip on her other nipple,the dog immediately
moved to excite her again,she groaned as the dog began to thrust faster the men
started to cheer the dog on until it came in her,one man pulled the dog away
while getting the other one ready to take over,Ann was panting she hadn`t come
but was ready.

Ann`s eyes were closed but she heard,"Hang on let the bitch clean her mate
up",she was pulled on to the floor and told to get on all fours,then the dog was
held infront of her,"Lick him clean and keep your ass in the air",her hair was
held and pulled towards the red cock hanging in front of her,"Get your mouth
round it or you get plenty of this",a viscous slap stung her backside,then
another,she was so hot she did, her head slid under the dog and she took the wet
cock in her mouth,the first part of the humiliation over the next was too put
the other dogs nose on her exposed cunt,the dog licked savagely tasting her
wetness and the other dog`s cum,it`s own cock pushed out of the foreskin,one man
smiled at the other,it was time to let that dog fuck her,they laughed as one
asked her,"Do you like it doggy style".

They put the dog on her back and as she knelt there sucking one dog the other
started pushing to find her hole,another roll of film was quickly put in the
camera as he said,"This will look good in, Kennel Club Weekly",the dog found her
and pushed in again the stimulation was increased in this position and she
orgasmed,she was now totally degraded.

She tried to control herself after the orgasm subsidised but the dog behind was
thrusting harder and the men kept her sucking as long as the dogs cock stayed 
out,her cunt, now so aroused, stayed wet and before long she felt the spurting
sensation of the dog coming in her, she was exhoursted but the tormentors wanted
more they laid her on her back and stood the second dog over her making Ann lift
her head to suck this one,giving the camera a good shot,between her legs,her
tit`s and her mouth straining to suck the red fleshy cock.

After the shot`s were taken he put his camera down and knelt beside her tickling
her inner thighs above her stockings then up to play with her hard clit,he
flicked it with his fingers,the more she moved her hips the faster he flicked
and he could hear moaning coming from her active sucking mouth.Finally the dogs
were taken back to the kitchen and she was given a very full glass of brandy,she
was thirsty,she had a foul taste in her mouth but most of all they weren`t going
to let her stop until she had drunk it all,they were intent on playing with her
some more.She was still sat on the floor as a cucumber was handed to her,"Your
still a hot tart,arn`t you, so fuck yourself with this,after what you,ve had up
you we arn`t going to put ours in you so lets see you come on this",they were
right she was still hot and with all her self esteem gone she pushed the
vegetable slowly up herself,the ridge`s gave her a new sensation and she was
soon pushing it in,this turned the men on even more,"Allright lady up on your
knees,fuck yourself but your mouth`s been cleaned so blow us at the same
time,get those lips tight around these and do some ball tickling with that
tongue while your at it",she went from man to man sucking hard and deep,her
tongue playing everywhere as she jerked herself to another humiliating orgasm,as
she came the three spat their cum over her firm tit`s,Ann had cream dripping off
her nipple`s as they came to pick her up.

Tara was with them and she was in a foul mood,no sooner were they in the car
then she grabbed Ann`s hair,"How doe`s it feel to be a low life",she screamed as
Ann burst in to tears at the thought of what she had done.Once in the flat Tara
stripped her naked and clipped both her wrists to the bar above her,then got on
the bed and squatted over Ann`s face," Now make me cum bitch"she sat on Ann`s
face,putting her hand behind and twisting Ann`s nipple.Ann had no choice but to
do as she was ordered and lick the brutal whore until she came in her mouth,Tara
got off, Ann spat the filth out of her mouth,when her eye`s cleared she saw the
couple standing watching,Tara walked past them,"Help yourself,she ain`t going
anywhere".For another hour Ann`s misery continued,the old man got between her
legs and raped her again while the woman sat on her face and made her do to her
what she had done to Tara,the woman rubbed her cunt back and over Ann`s face she
was insatiable,she was enjoying having a beautiful woman tongue her and she was
going to make it last.The old man ejaculated inside her after twenty minutes of
relentless fucking,he left the women still molesting Ann`s face with her
cunt,soon the woman orgasmed but instead of leaving she made her way down to
Ann`s cunt and started licking and kissing, the woman knew how to lick and
suddenly Ann felt the sensation running through her body the sensation that she
was going to cum again,no matter how she tried to control it her body rushed
head long into a massive orgasm,Ann turned her head to cry but the stimulation
had been such that she involuntary pissed,the woman looked down at the once
grand woman wetting herself,smiled and left her to sleep in her own urine.

In the morning Winnie went mad when she found her in this state,Winnie put her
in the bath once more,Ann cried and begged to be let go,Winnie told her that her
old man had come to his senses and wanted her back and Winnie was glad as he was
pissing her off,she told Ann she could have done better than that
dick-head.Winnie used her mobil to talk to Winston,he was furious when he heard
of the state she was in and told her he had arraigned Ann to stay with a couple
for the weekend then he was going to send her back,Ann thought this was great
news but what Winston forgot to say was that these people had paid him well for
the service`s of Ann,they wanted her to be their sex slave for a weekend party.

She was back in the car,still with the regulation hand-cuffs as this time they
drove outside the town,Ann didn`t recognise it but it was a mansion like
home,she was lead to the door and meet a couple in their fifties,the boy`s
handed them the key and left,Ann walked in.She was taken in to the lounge,she
asked for the hand-cuffs to be taken off,the woman laughed,"We can strip you
with your hands tied",Ann turned to run but was quickly held and her clothes
pull off,she lay on the floor again in just stocking`s,she thought this was to
be a recovery weekend,she looked at the couple both stripping down to their
leather underwear and groaned."Come on,get on your back let`s see you",the woman
made a line for Ann`s tit`s,sucking on them,the husband went for her
cunt,grabbing at her bush,the woman looked at it,"Oh no that will never do,we
will have to get rid of that",the husband looked pleased,"You suck her fantastic
tit`s,I`ll shave her".Ann laid on the floor with a towel under her as the man
shaved her,the wife laid across Ann`s stomach watching him,she took delight in
hurting Ann when they wanted her in different positions to finish,making sure no
hair was left anywhere.The woman moved back on to Ann`s tit`s then up kissing
her full on the mouth,Ann,trying to avoid pain, thought she should respond and
kissed her back,the woman screamed,"Get hold of this lesbian bitch and take her
to the games room",the man grabbed her pony-tail,dragged her up and pushed her
towards a wooden door.

They both pushed in behind her,and dragged her to the floor,she sat on her back
while he tied straps to her leg`s,then they took the cuffs off,tied each
wrist,she got off as a whirring sound filled the room,Ann`s limbs moved upward`s
pulling her off the floor, she screamed in pain.Ann dangled three feet off the
floor,face down with her arms and legs spread-eagled,the woman slid under her
and clamped weight`s to both nipples,Ann was still screaming as two more weights
were attached to her clit,she started to black out as the man pushed her,she
swung back and forth, Ann thought her arms would pull out of their socket`s as
he pushed her with a finger up her cunt,as she swung he put another and then
another until he was finger fucking her with three finger`s,Ann kept taking deep
breath`s trying to keep her wit`s alive.

The woman left and voice`s could be heard,lot`s of voices,suddenly the door
opened and in rushed laughing,grinning naked men,Ann screamed as the men
surrounded her groping and spanking,the woman was amongst them,she took Ann`s
hair pulled up and rubbed her wrinkled small tit`s all over the hanging woman's
tear stained face until she bent and tongued Ann`s mouth to the cheers of the
onlooker`s.they all took it in turns to pose for picture`s with the helpless
woman doing anything they liked to her,Ann counted fourteen men and three
women,mostly old,one of the oldest held his cock towards the old woman,"Come on
be a hostess and suck this", her husband pushed her saying,"Go on show us how
it`s done",she scrambled down in front and started to suck,everybody was
drinking and cheering,poking her as Ann hung there listening to the slurping
noise`s she was making,then he pulled out,"O K, you got me going,let me at the
cow", he went behind Ann,the other`s began chanting,"Rape her--Rape her--Rape
her,the man thrust his cock into Ann`s dry cunt,gripped on to her ass cheeks
hard and swung her onto him then furiously raped her.

Ann screamed and pleaded with them to stop but they kept cheering him on,Ann
gritted her teeth which helped muffle the cries, she heard him shout,"Im
coming,I,m coming but he pulled out only to have another one rush in and take
his place,for over an hour fourteen different sized cocks ravished Ann`s cunt
but for some unknown reason no-one came in her.Her nipples were in agony with
the weights jerking around during the rape`s,it kept her from passing out.She
was lowered from the ropes she lay on the floor begging them to stop,but no, the
woman dragged her to her knees and men bound her wrists to her ankles,her head
was pulled back and trapped between the woman's thighs as she sat on the
settee.A strap gag was fitted to Ann`s mouth there was a hole in it and a funnel
was pushed down until it was lodged in her throat.Her eyes grew wider as she
watched two women go amongst the men picking them and making them line up,the
first one came over to Ann,lent on the back of the settee with his cock on the
edge of the funnel,the first woman wanked him into the funnel, he smiled down at
Ann as he shot into the top,this went one until both women had wanked ever man
into the funnel,each one grunting till he had watched his cream slide down
knowing Ann could do nothing but swallow it all.

Ann,now nothing more than a rag doll for them to play with,was untied and
dragged to her feet,they strapped a rubber dildo on to her,pulled her over to a
big table were ropes hung from the ceiling,Ann wrists were tied, dragged up and
secured,the woman from the settee laid on the table in front of her,wrapped her
legs around Ann and screamed," Fuck me bitch,fuck me".

As Ann had big tit`s her nipples stood proud the pain off the weight`s bouncing
around as she pushed in and out of the woman was agony,she tried to keep the
ones on her cunt between her leg`s,the woman screamed,"Faster,faster,"Ann could
hardly stand as she pushed into her,thankfully to the cheers of the on-lookers
she came,before Ann could relax another woman took her place,at first she laid
back but as soon as the rubber cock was in she sat up,playing between Ann`s
leg`s pulling at the weights then began kissing,licking and shoving her tongue
in Ann`s mouth.She pulled away and mumbled,"Come on baby,fuck my hole or I,ll
rip your cunt off,"she gripped on to Ann`s ass and pulled her on to her while
pulling her ass cheeks wide calling on any man to join them.Ann voice almost
gone with screaming pleaded,"Noooo",to late a man was already shoving his cock
in her ass-hole,Ann began to pass out but it didn`t matter to them,as he fucked
her ass the rubber cock went into the woman,Ann was now hanging there lifeless
but it didn`t stop the pack of perverts from using her.The first man came in
Ann`s ass but the woman had`nt had an orgasm, she screamed,"For fuck sake
some-one else fuck the bitch`s ass,keep her going,I,m ready to cum,another man
soon began raping Ann`s rectum,he too came before the woman was satisfied,so
another man had to take over fucking Ann`s ass,as the woman finally came,She
told the other women this is the only way to come.Nine men and three women later
Ann was unconscious but it didn`t stop them,the strap on was removed and her
legs put on the table and secured, her ass was hanging off so they could take it
in turns to sit on a chair under her and lower her ropes until they could impale
ether of her holes on their cocks then pull her up and down as they sat there
enjoying themselves

After these men enjoyed her everybody said it was time to abuse her in a
different way,she was taken down then her hands and ankles were tied behind her
a pole put through them and then she heard the whirring motor and she was lifted
like a sack,spinning round and round people pulling on her nipples,jerking the
weights to make her moan and the men could have free access to her cunt using
dildo`s and vegetables to fill both of them,the fun went on for another half
hour until some started to drift away leaving a few with Ann,there were about
seven men left in the room,they took the weights off then they decided to rape
her again.

Ann was in a bad state now and the couple started to  panic,they called
Winston,he sent people to pick her up and take her home to her husband,Arron was
warned not to say anything to any one.He looked at her lifeless body,he sobbed
uncontrollable as he removed the red dress and the stockings,then he bathed
her,he laid her on the bed and lay beside her.About two hours later she came
round staring at the ceiling,Arron could`nt take his eye`s off her bald cunt he
bent down and kissed it he could`nt help it his tongue flicked out,he licked
it,Ann looked at him and smiled,he was being so gently and she was at home so
she let him,to her surprise she cried out his name and orgasmed for the first
time with her husband.He crawled up beside her and burst out crying,Ann just
wrapped her arms around him and fell into a deep sleep.



                                                     PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





