BDSM Library - Forbidden Demonstration




Forbidden Demonstration
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An elliptic story of torture in a sci-fi based environment.
Forbidden demonstration



-"  I tell you once and for all : believe me, I know no one here. I didn't come
on purpose. I went out only to get a pack of chips and that's when I was trapped
in the crowd. I don't even know what this demonstration was about.

- Yeees... But can you believe me when I tell you that all the girls we've
arrested tonight told us something like that? Only the very, very thin
percentage of leaders of the Women Movement is sometimes brave enough to avow
when the Political Police's truck is near. And that means that all the other
girls say something like : "It's true sir, I wasn't demonstrating sir, 'know
nothin' about the demonstration, sir. I was out to buy some bread and butter
sir". Two hundred girls have been arrested tonight and it's a pretty amazing
number of people who went out at to find some butter don't you think?

- Will I be hurt?

- Yes. You know you will be hurt, so why do you ask me.

- But, really, I wasn't demonstrating.

- You'll be hurt all the same. Too bad girly. Should have stayed at home when
you heard the sirens.

- Are you sure I can't...

- Yes I'm sure. Step into the truck now. Someone will deal with your case."



Inside the truck, a dozen of girls, their hands cuffed in their back like
Seilenn are being "managed" by agents in typical black leather and army boots.

The smell of sweat and the heat are choking.

One of the girls, a young one, barely more than a teenager and obviously just a
few days above the Legal Age of Citizenship, lifts her head to see if she
recognizes the newcomer and then addresses a sad look to Seilenn, seeing that
she is not the person she was waiting for.

-" Stop looking around. Your lawyer won't come, it's too late now, he will be
sleeping." Says the man who is in charge of her while moving viciously some
object shoved deeply in the girl's vagina. She sobs and says : "It's not true.
My daddy told me the lawyer would come. My lawyer will come!

- All right, all right. Let's wait for him then. But in the meantime I can
assure you that your cunt will have been reshaped.

- You don't have the right ! You don't have the right to tear me !

- I said reshaped. Of course I will not wound your cunt, you stupid brat. I
don't want to take the blame you see, no more than you want your cervix to be
punched this way."

Illustrating his words by a blow, and obviously one more of a long series, he
makes her shout and writhe in pain.

-" Please sit down here Miss. I have to finish this and it will be your turn."

The man who has spoken to Seilenn is black haired, well tanned and muscular in a
nice, sensual way.

The girl is surprised by her reaction while she blushes and thinks that her
dress is far too plain to appear in front of such an attractive man.

But it doesn't take long before she realizes, now sitting down on a hard bench,
on the side of the truck's interior, that the man is not here to seduce her, but
to hurt her body.

At the moment, he is "working" on some anonymous buttocks; his thumbs plunged in
a gaping anus, stretching the flesh there steadily, powerfully.

From where she is sitting, Seilenn can't see the face of the woman he is
torturing that way. She can only hear her soft moans and deduce the amount of
pain the sphincter she sees has been through by these moans, and the sweat on
the voluminous ass...

On the right, a blond girl in her mid twenties cries and complains a lot, her
hair unkempt in a spectacular way and her pretty face drenched with tears.

-" Its enough ! Pleeease ! You've stroke me six times !"

The agent who is in charge of her punches her lower belly viciously and makes
her shout even more loudly.

-"I told you I would give you ten blows. No more, no less. Not seven or eight.
Ten. So shut up now.

- But you've already beaten my breasts ! My breasts ! It hurts... It hurts so
much...

- That's what it is meant for."

Seilenn sees the agent strike the girl one more time and tries to imagine how
painful her belly must be after eight such blows. And her breasts are bruised
too. Her breasts are bruised indeed.

It's a well-known fact : one can determine what the official instructions are by
watching the agents work on the girl's bodies.

The irony of this is that once you know these instructions, you've got to
experience them... Obviously, the Political Committee was not in a good mood
about the demonstration this time.

-" I'll deal with you in a minute."

Saying this, the agent gave Seilenn a sort of polite smile. The woman with the
gaping anus stretched by his thumbs moaned some more on the floor.

Seilenn realized, seeing the man's smile, that agents are human being.

She realized it in a strange way, and in the most extreme circumstances, but she
realized it nonetheless.

Still, it's true that it's always hard to figure out that someone's job can
include beating people and torturing their genitals, but still, it has been the
case since the Revolution, ninety-eight years ago.



Cleansing his hands, the black haired agent comes to Seilenn with what could be
described as an embarrassed smile. In some deep, instinctive way, she thinks
that, maybe, he finds her attractive.

She knows that she is, in a way at least. She might not be beautiful but she
definitely is pretty with her long fair hair and her pert breasts.

-" Now it's your turn. I'll hurt your breast if you don't mind."

She does mind of course. But she is handcuffed, so she lets him fold her t-shirt
to reveal her bare chest. She didn't put any underwear, which is a habit she had
since she was a child. Instead of maintaining her breasts in a bra, she prefers
the more sportive method of exercising her chest and pouring cold water on it
every day.

It keeps her breasts firm and energetic.

-" Those are nice breasts, Miss. Very nice."

Seilenn thanks the agent with a nod. He definitely is attractive and she finds
herself thinking about the way such a man deals with a girl's body when he is in
love with her.

She is still musing about that when she feels the agent's fingers clutch her
breasts.

He has sinewy, powerful hands. And he will grind her breasts in these hands.

It's one of the most famous tortures inflicted by the agents. Some call it "the
caress". The irony of this is not lost on Seilenn as she definitely feels
interested by the way such a man would act with this part of her body if his
purpose was to please and not to hurt.

-" uhhh."

The agent's fingers are now squeezing her flesh in a most painful way. But still
it seems that such muscular hands as he has could do much more harm if he had
really decided to crush her flesh.

In a way, the agent is lenient.

-" Don't bite your lips like that Miss, you'll hurt your beautiful mouth. Do you
want a piece of leather to bite in while I torture your breasts ?"

Seilenn, surprisingly enough, smiles as she answers.

-" No thanks..."

The voice of the man was honey to her when he asked if she wanted to ease the
pain by biting into the piece of leather. Of course she would like to have
something to bite in. But she would feel humiliated if she avowed it. And she
definitely doesn't want to be humiliated in front of this man.

-" Very nice of... Aaaah... What's your... hhhh... Name ?"

The man gives her a radiant smile. She would have thought it to be an amourous
one if he wasn't actually grinding her breasts in a horrible way.

-" I'm Matke.

- I'm...Seilenn... Pleased to meet... mmm... you."

Seeing the astonishment in the eyes of the man, she realizes the humor of the
situation and emits what could be described as an amused and rather painful
laugh.

Without being able to repress it, the agent laughs too.

On the right, some girl shouts : "Stop it ! My pussy ! STOP !"

In a corner a woman weeps, holding her bruised belly which has just been punched
for the sixth time.

And on the left a teenager declares that her anus is bleeding between two sobs
and an agent answers that the wound is benign.

The laughter is quite out of place in those circumstances, sort of surreal. But
still they laugh for a few seconds during which the agent's hands relax their
grip on the breasts of his victim.

-" It's a strange job we do, you see. Nights like this I sometimes feel like I'm
asleep and I'll wake up and I'll be hurting nobody. I feel like in day dream.

- Yes... Or one should... Say like you're living in someone's... uuum...
Nightmare".

The agent smiles sadly.

-" It hurts doesn't it ?

- Pretty much, yes...

- You know, I don't appreciate to do this to a woman's body. But it's the way it
has to be done, isn't it ?

- ...

- That's what the Political Committee orders at least. And it's my job to apply
its decrees."

The painful massaging of Seilenn's breasts continues for a few minutes in
silence.

The girl tries neither to cry nor to moan. She feels that she wants to keep her
dignity in order to impress the man who is torturing her because, in his way, he
himself is quite correct, even sympathetic.

The torture of her breasts is long, but it seems obvious that it could be much
more painful if the agent used all the strength of his manly hands on her.

-" You know... I really wasn't demonstrating... I was out to try to find
my...hhh... Sister and bring her back home.

- Too bad for you. Did you find her ?

- No...

- How does she look like.

- She is a... aaaaah... smallish girl of nineteen, blond haired like me, quite
pretty in a... Roguish way... Slim

- Does she have a mole beneath her lower-lip?

- Yes, she has... Have you seen her...

- Maybe yes. Less than twenty years old, sort of insolent, small breasts.

- That could be her indeed.

- If it's her she was brought here with the first wave of arrests. My colleague
here managed a girl like that."

Seilenn looks sideways to see the man. He is an old brute, currently working
hard on a woman, kicking her genitals as she lays twisting on the floor.

The woman begs him to stop and he hits her harder.

Between the woman's legs, Seilenn can see her swollen sex. The kicks are
violent, totally devoid of compassion.

-" The girl I'm talking about had her anus stretched. Like the woman I was
working on before I dealt with you. But in a much harder way, for sure. Trelke
is a tough guy."

The agent, hearing that someone talks about him, bows in a cynical, threatening
way before he goes on kicking the poor woman who's labia will definitely turn
black before she leaves the truck if he doesn't take pity on her genitals.

Imagining what her sister may have undergone if she actually had her sphincter
misused by this awful brute, Seilenn feels angry and whispers "bastard" without
being heard by Trelke but loud enough to be understood by Matke, who whispers
back.

-" Too true. I think the Forbidden Demonstration is his favorite law in the
Code. Once, I saw him beat a girlie's breasts so hard that she fainted three
times before he finished.

- My poor sister. She has... ahhh... No resistance in front of pain."

The agent frowns.

- Maybe it was her then. I remember hearing the girl shout like mad when he
tortured her."

A first tear appears in Seilenn's gorgeous blue eyes, produced as much by the
pain in her breast as by her sorrow about her sister's fate.

-" Matke, come here ! A phone call for you."

The agent abandons Seilenn's aching breasts.

-" Excuse me. I'll be back in a minute."

The agent goes in the front of the truck, leaving her alone.

Till Trelke remarks her.

The man has just finished with the woman's sex he was kicking when his eyes fall
on the lone girl on the hard bench, her t-shirt showing two nice but already
very red breasts.

-" I see my mate has left without finishing you.

Terrified by the man's vicious stare on her body she mumbles :

-" No, he just had a phone call, he said he would be right ba..."

Seeing the instrument in his hand, she forebodes that her explanations are lost
on him. It's a stout piece of plastic vaguely inspired by the form of a man's
sex.

-" Open your legs for me please.

- But...

- Open them."

She shyly parts her thighs revealing, as soon as the man has folded up her
skirt, a pink and tender labia, perfectly shaved.

-" How nice, a shaved one ! It's just like you knew old Trelke would work on
it."

Saying this he grabs her left ankle to make her stretch her leg up, and shoves
his horrible tool in her belly, screwing it in the anticipation of a dry sex,
and surprised to see that she is all wet.

-" I see my colleague's charm was effective on you. It's always funny to see
girls being juicy like that when they've just had their breasts grinded. It
happens quite often with Matke I reckon. Well, whatever...It will ease my job."

Cause Trelke's intention, she know knows it, is to beat her deep inside, as she
has seen another man do to the girl who was hoping that her lawyer would come
before her pussy was a wreck.

-" That's a nice, obedient one. You can't imagine the number of girls who
resist. I like your attitude, continue that way and it won't be long."

Of course, Seilenn keeps her thighs open. Of course she submits to the torture
that is inflicted to her genitals, to the brutal beating of her cervix.

And of course it's not a choice she makes, the being obedient or not, cause she
has seen cruelty ion the eyes of the man and therefore knows that he will hurt
her more if she ever resists.

So she lets him beat her inside, she lets him dislocate her vagina with the huge
tool, for she has no choice but to suffer until the man is satisfied by the pain
produced, or Matke's phone call ends and he "saves" her from the horrendous
strokes.



-"I'm sorry. It was the colonel...

- All right mate. No bad news I hope.

- Not at all, just a few things that needed to be precised before tomorrow's
meeting.

- All right then. I give her back to you."

Trelke leaves Seilenn, panting in silent tears, her body shivering with pain,
sweat beading on her aching belly, her vagina vanquished by the violence of the
torture, gaping, dilated by the tool and the cruelty of the man.

Slowly, she tries to sit decently on the bench and to rearrange her skirt.

-" You don't plan to hurt my sex again, do you ?" She asked Matke half casually
and half ironically.

The agent blushes slightly.

-" I'm sorry for your... He hurt you badly didn't he ?...

- As you can imagine, yes...

- Sorry, really. The grinding of your breasts was definitely enough in my point
of view.

- In mine too.

- Well, I will still have to do as if I finished the work on your breasts, but
don't be afraid, I'll fake it this time.

- Nice to you."

So the man takes the girl's breasts in his hands one more time and fakes the
grinding of the tender flesh in quite an artful way, and that's when Seilenn, in
a most deviant way, is allowed to discover how this man acts with a woman when
he doesn't have to harm her.

And, beyond the suffering, despite the palpitating pain between her trembling
thighs, she feels something inside her which is not far from being love.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  La Baronne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





