BDSM Library - The Cleaning Girl




The Cleaning Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cleaning girl turns tables on a wealthy woman.
The Cleaning Girl
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, humil, water sports)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c) 2001 Couture

Borrowed the set-up from Cowgirl's story Between 
Friends

"Rosa, could you bring me glass of iced tea when you 
come through.  Something must be wrong with the air-
conditioner today.  It must be ninety degrees in 
here," I shouted to my maid Rosa, who was in the 
kitchen washing dishes.  The heat made it difficult to 
concentrate on the stories I was reading from the 
internet newsgroup, maybe I would get her to set up a 
fan for me after I pulled something a little more 
subject for public viewing than the erotic stories 
that had become my 'dirty little secret'.

She appeared at my bedroom door and took my breath 
away, due to what she was wearing.  Well, what she 
wasn't wearing was more like it.  The girl only had on 
a sweat soaked sleeveless t-shirt and white cotton 
panties.  

"Rosa! What on earth!" I admonished her.  I had let 
her get by with not wearing the traditional maid's 
uniform, but this was ridiculous.  I should have never 
relaxed the rules regarding the dress code, but I 
remember her reaction still today, "No seniorita, Rosa 
no puta!  You no make Rosa a slave!  This only a job 
for Rosa, seniorita Corbitt!"  After her outburst, I 
never brought it up again.  After all, it was only a 
uniform, and as long as she did a good job on her 
work, why should I worry about a silly costume.

However, having the bronze skinned beauty displaying 
her charms in such a manner could not be tolerated.  
Not because I was offended, but because they called to 
my hidden self, a self I couldn't dare expose.  The 
wife of a prominent judge couldn't be the kind of 
woman who fantasized about a girl such a Rosa; 
especially, not when they were fantasies that involved 
her peeing on me.  Oh God!  I had become so distracted 
by her appearance that I forgot to close the story 
that I was reading.  See?  This is exactly what I was 
afraid of.

"Sorry Seniorita, it was so hot," she said approaching 
me with the glass of tea.

I struggled to close the story I was reading, my hands 
suddenly becoming useless with my fear.  "J-j-ust sit 
on my . . ." Oh no, she was almost behind my desk, 
where she would be able to read the porn on my 
computer!  I gave up on coming up with a rational way 
to get her away from my screen and had to rely on 
brute force.  "WAIT!" I shouted, putting my hands over 
the screen.  Unfortunately, my violent reaction scared 
her, causing her to trip and fall into my lap with the 
tea landing on my breasts.  

"Ouch.  Rosa is so sorry Seniorita!" she pleaded, 
while she clutched at her ankle.

I almost laughed at myself when I realized that I had 
caused all this damage for nothing.  After all, Rosa 
could barely speak English much less read it.  "It's 
okay Rosa, here let me help."  I got up and let her 
sit in my chair, while I got down on my knees and 
investigated her ankle.  I nervously wondered if my 
property owner's insurance would pay for her medical 
expenses, since I was paying her under the table.

Luckily, there didn't appear to be any swelling, but I 
gently pressed starting from her calf and working my 
way down.  When I touched her ankle, she jerked back 
and cried out in pain.  

"Hmmm, I better go get some ice for that ankle, Rosa," 
I said, turning off my monitor before going in search 
of first aid. 

When I returned with ice wrapped in a towel, my heart 
dropped to may feet.  She appeared to be looking a 
little too closely at my computer screen.  "That is 
private Rosa!" I shouted as I rushed to the desk.  
Blushing and shaking, this time I was the one who fell 
down.  Not to be deterred, I crawled the rest of the 
way and cut off the power to the computer itself.  

"Seniorita hurt?" She asked, after standing up and 
stroking my hair comfortingly.  

I wasn't hurt physically, but mentally I was a wreck. 
I was shaking and humiliated; my life as a rich 
socialite was flashing before my eyes.  Rosa, picked 
me up and sat me in my chair.  

"Okay now, Seniorita?" she asked.

Maybe she hadn't read it.  She didn't give any 
inclination as to having seen what was on the screen.  
She probably wouldn't have understood most of the 
words anyway.  I wiped my tears away and tried to put 
it behind me.  "I'm okay Rosa." 

She smiled then sat down on top of me!  Of all the 
nerve!  Her breasts were practically in my face, as 
she hugged my gratefully around my neck.  Then she 
looked straight in my eyes and her grin changed 
instantly from vacant and stupid to one of sinister 
intelligence.  "So, does Jenny like pee-pee?" she 
asked, without the thick accent I had grown accustomed 
to.

Oh God!  This was worse than I thought.  I felt light-
headed.  Almost as if I couldn't get enough air.  "No, 
no that was an accident -- a virus on the computer.  
Need help getting it mmmphhff . . ."  The little bitch 
smothered my protests in her hairy armpit.  She 
smelled of someone who was working in a hot house all 
day and hadn't put on any deodorant.  I should have 
fought her off and fired her on the spot for 
disrespecting me in such a fashion.  However, this was 
the sort of thing I had always fantasized about and 
there was no way the dark part of me was going to 
allow the logical part of me to stop it.

Suddenly, I felt a hot warmth on my stomach, then it 
spread down to my sex, before pooling under my ass and 
driveling down my legs.  She had done it!  She had 
pissed on me!  I was no longer a wealthy socialite or 
even a person with thoughts and feelings.  She had 
reduced me in one moment to nothing but an object, an 
object of derision.  My pussy throbbed with arousal.

She pulled away from me and stared at me again.  This 
time I could no longer meet her eyes.  "Do you want 
more Jenny?  Does Jenny want more pee-pee?"  

I hesitated.  I shook my head no, but my trembling 
mouth opened.  "Yes," I squeaked.

"Does Jenny want to be my little cleaning girl?" Rosa 
lifted her arm up so that I stared at her hairy pit.  
"Start right here cleaning girl."

What is happening to me?  She was pushing my buttons, 
making me humiliate myself, but enjoying it at the 
same time.  I debased myself further, by leaning 
forward to lick her fragrant arm pits.  It was salty, 
but not altogether unpleasant except for the hair that 
was now stuck to my tongue.  

"You forgot the other one, cleaning girl," she laughed 
at me.  "I'll give you a reward when you finish!"  

 This time she didn't raise her arm, instead making me 
try to wiggle my face into position.  Eventually, I 
was successful and when she was satisfied that I had 
done a passable job, she stood up.  I couldn't stop 
myself from staring at the erotic sight of her soaked 
cotton panties.

"Stop staring at my pussy and take off my panties, 
stupid!" she ordered with derision. I burned with 
humiliation wondering if I was so obvious in my 
yearning, as I stared at her dark pubic hair, easily 
visible through the soaked panties. I reached forward 
my hands shaking, almost expecting her skin to burn my 
fingertips.  

"Use your mouth you dumb cunt!"  Somewhere inside me I 
heard a little voice shouting to stop, to flee this 
girl that didn't sound very much like my old Rosa.  
Instead, I bent forward and like the stupid little 
cunt I fantasized about being, I got down on my knees 
before her and caught the waistband of her panties 
between my lips.  The odor of urine was strong and I 
caught the smell of her arousal as I pulled the 
panties down her bronze legs.  While I struggled to 
remove the undergarment from beneath her foot, I felt 
the stream of urine beating down on my head; beating 
me into submission.

"Look at my pussy you dumb whore!  You couldn't get 
enough of it a while ago, so look at it!" she taunted 
me.

I tried to do as she ordered, but she shot the cruel 
stream in my eyes, forcing me to turn my head to the 
side.  

"I said look!" she demanded, pulling my head back 
while she continued to piss on my face.  She gushed 
even harder and some even went up my nose, causing me 
to choke and sputter.  The stream finally ceased and 
then she heaped further degradation on me by wiping 
her pussy clean with my Chanel dress.  While I lay 
coughing and huddled in defeat on the floor, still 
staring obediently at her pussy she spread the lips of 
her sex and explained, "Do you see this, you stupid 
cow?  Pleasing this is all you are good for, so from 
now on, this is as far up as your eyes go!  Do you 
understand?"

"Yes," I muttered.

"Good.  Don't you dare move bitch," she said, before 
she sauntered off.

I snuck a hand up my skirt and massaged myself, while 
I wallowed in my own desperation.  She returned with a 
towel and the maid's outfit I had tried to get her to 
wear.  

"Stop playing with your self slut!" she ordered and I 
hastily removed my hand from my pussy.  "Let's get you 
dried off and changed into some clothes that fit your 
new station."  She stripped me quite proficiently and 
toweled off the excess moisture, yet I still stunk of 
urine.  Then, she clothed me in the maid uniform, sans 
panties and bra.  The picture was complete; I was 
officially the victim in one of my stories.

"You were made for me cleaning girl," she said self-
confidently even though she was naked, while she 
inspected me.  "I'm not even from Mexico stupid!  I 
just act like that so I can get out of doing things 
that I don't like to do.  I've always hated the little 
rich high-and-mighty bitches I worked for and you were 
one of the worst.  It has always been a fantasy of 
mine to put one of you bitches in her place and now I 
finally have the chance."

"Come on cleaning girl, it is time for you to get to 
*work*."  With that, she struck my thighs with the 
belt she had removed from my skirt, sending me 
scurrying into motion.  "Finish dusting the floor, 
cunt," she said, pointing to her discarded dustmop.  

She struck me again with the belt, much harder this 
time, causing me to scream.  "Always curtsey when you 
are told to do something, cleaning girl."

I tried to rub away the stinging sensation coming from 
my thighs.  I grabbed the hem of my skirt, put one leg 
behind the other, looked meekly down at her feet, and 
said, "Yes, Miss," with as much humility as I could 
muster.

The whip caught me on my bare thigh.  "Aiieee!" I 
screamed.  

"Look at my pussy, not my feet dumb ass!" she 
demanded, pointing angrily at her exposed pussy.

"Yes, Miss," I curtsied again, this time not taking my 
eyes off her cunt.

"That's right, talk my pussy that you love to stare at 
so much!  Away, the skirt goes higher and your knees 
go wider when you bend.  Can't you do anything right?"

I knew the way I was being treated should have 
offended me to such a degree that I should have kicked 
her out of the house from the word go, but I was held 
captive by my sick desires.  I bent down just as she 
asked and looked directly at her pussy.  "Yes, Miss.  
I'm sorry Miss." I could feel my juices running down 
my thighs, as I humiliated myself.

"Much better, slut, get to work."

I curtsied again.  "Thank you, Miss."  I began to mop 
the oak floor, while Rosa got a beer out of the 
fridge, took a swallow and then belched loudly.  It 
was still hot in the house and by now I was coated 
with sweat.  My thirst burned, while Rosa followed 
behind be drinking her beer and lightly swiping my 
exposed bottom with the belt, whenever I bent down.  
Not enough to hurt, but just enough to let me know 
that she could.

With my feet aching from the heels she had made me 
wear, and my mouth dry from the hot dry heat, I 
wondered what had happened to Rosa.  Then, I heard the 
sound of a small brass bell ringing.  I followed the 
sound of it to the living room and saw Rosa sitting 
naked on the back of my couch, with her feet resting 
on the cushions.

"Come quicker next time slut!  Is the cleaning girl 
thirsty?" she asked.

"Yes, Miss." This time I remembered to look at her 
pussy, while I curtsied.

"Yes, Miss, the *cleaning girl* is thirsty," she 
corrected.

"Yes, Miss, the c-cleaning girl is thirsty." I blushed 
and curtsied deeply, hoping to avoid the belt.

"Good slut, cause whenever you hear the bell, my pussy 
is getting ready to make pee-pee.  It is time to show 
her how thankful you are for being allowed to look at 
her.  If you let any go to waste, you may have a hard 
time explaining to your husband how the couch came to 
be covered in piss."  She sat there on the couch, 
practically laughing at me.  Yes, she had me trapped, 
and there was nothing I could do about it.

I dared to glance up at her face and noticed her brows 
were furrowed and her eyes closed.  Oh no, she 
wouldn't!  Not yet!  I looked back down at her pussy 
and saw the water beginning to flow.  I rushed over to 
her, my high heels clacking behind me, as a dove into 
the couch and pressed my mouth against her pussy.  No 
sooner had my mouth made contact, than the water begin 
to gush.  It streamed down my throat, as I attempted 
to swallow the onrush, as best as I was able.

She was full and I wondered how she was able to hold 
that much in.  Finally, the flow stopped and I 
collapsed on the couch.  I would love to be able to 
say I collapsed because of my shame, but my body was 
no longer able to support itself, because I had 
climaxed while she had pissed.

"Now it is time for you to thank me for the gift, my 
little cleaning girl," she ordered, from her imperious 
perch.

"Thank you Miss," I didn't even have the desire to 
look at Rosa's face.  I had found my fantasy lover 
there beneath the dark matted pubic hair of her sex.  
I cleaned her pussy lovingly, until I tasted the musky 
arousal, instead of the salty urine.  I licked until I 
was rewarded with another drink, only this one was 
much sweeter than the first.  I drank every drop and 
moaned, "Thank you Miss," to her pussy.

The rest of the day was spent in a similar fashion.  I 
cleaned and she corrected with the belt whenever it 
was necessary.  The bell rang many more times that day 
and towards the end it was very difficult to drink all 
of her 'gifts'.  However, each time Rosa picked a spot 
to sit or stand above that was over something more 
expensive or harder to replace than the last.  By mid-
day she had me trained well enough to service her 
while she sat above the toilet.  We both knew that I 
could have refused and just let it fall where it was 
supposed to.  Instead, the bell rang and I drank.  I 
think this sign of my submission turned her on; she 
even let me thank her 'properly' for a very long time 
on the hard tile bathroom floor.

Next, she had me prepare lunch for us both.  She sat 
at the table, while I kneeled on the floor between her 
legs, staring at her pussy as I ate my food without 
the use of my hands.  When Rosa was finished, she 
ordered, "Lick my pussy.  I want you to always have 
your lover's taste on your tongue."

I did as she ordered and was slightly disappointed 
that she didn't want me to make her cum, but evidently 
she had been well satisfied by my servicing today.  

While I finished cleaning up the dishes, I heard her 
calling me, "Come to the living room, cleaning girl!"

As I entered the room, I remembered to show the proper 
respect and curtsied.  However, I was disappointed to 
find that her pussy was covered by her jeans.  My 
disappointment turned to shock when I glanced over at 
the pretty legs sticking out from a tight mini-skirt 
beside her.  I glanced up to see my friend and tennis 
partner Jean laughing at me.  I could see why she 
laughed, after all, there I stood exposing myself and 
wearing a maid's uniform and curtseying stupidly in my 
own house.

"Jean, I can explain.  It was just a joke.  A bet that 
I lost," I said, floundering for an excuse.

"Shut up, you stupid slut!" Rosa ordered, advancing on 
me and grabbing my ear.  "Didn't I teach you how to 
show proper respect?"  She pulled me to the floor and 
made me crawl over to my friend, so that my face 
looked at the crotch of her skirt.  

By now I was crying from the degradation.  I could 
hear Jean laughing, as I sobbed, "I'm sorry Miss."

"She disrespected you, Jean, so if you want to punish 
the stupid slut, go ahead," Rosa told my friend, 
handing her the leather belt she carried.  "Get back 
up and touch your toes slut, it is time for your 
punishment."

I thought Jean was my friend, but she took even more 
delight than Rosa had at my predicament.  She whipped 
my ass and thighs with the lash until I begged her to 
stop.  Then, she took particular delight in probing 
and teasing my ass and pussy.  Any attempts I made to 
withdraw or advance was met with more lashings. As I 
stood there, passively accepting Jean's finger dryly 
fucking my ass, with tears flowing down my cheeks, I 
listened to Jean and Rosa discussing me an old boat 
that had been fixed up.

"I can't believe this is Jenny.  She used to be so 
haughty and demanding.  I must say Rosa, you've really 
done wonders with her.  Did you say this all happened 
today?"

"Oh yes, I only found out yesterday that she 
fantasized about being dominated and humiliated by 
women.  Everything you see has been done in one day.  
The best part is; she loves it.  Go on stupid, show 
your friend how much you love her pussy."

I snuck my head under Jean's skirt, while she giggled 
at me, then I pulled her panties down to her feet, 
using my teeth.  I knew I would surely be punished for 
anything less.  Then I kissed her on the lips and 
wondered if this would be how I kissed someone on the 
lips from now on.  Then I began to pleasure my best 
friend in earnest, dancing my tongue along the folds 
of her sex and sucking the juices from her cunt.  
After several minutes she fell to the floor and spread 
her legs widely.  While I worshiped her altar she 
called me names like cunt licker, douche bag, and her 
little queer.  Her swearing only served to prod me to 
lick faster.  I attacked her clit ruthlessly with my 
tongue, until she gushed in orgasm.  Afterwards, she 
ordered, "Lick my ass slut!" 

I couldn't believe the nerve of my friend.  She wasn't 
just following Rosa's lead anymore; she was actively 
seeking my humiliation.  "Jean, please don't," I 
sobbed.

My resistance was quickly crushed by Rosa who slapped 
my face and grabbed my by the ear again.  Jean rolled 
over and teased me by wiggling her ass in my face.  
Rosa pushed my face in front of her bottom and berated 
me.  "You have made your Mistress very angry!  It is 
time for you to beg for your Mistress's forgiveness.  
Kiss your lover and tell her the slut is sorry."

I kissed Jean on her ass cheek, "The slut is sorry 
Mistress," I sobbed.

"Kiss Miss Jean on the mouth, dummy!"

Realization suddenly hit me in the pit of my stomach.  
Rosa was training me to view the opening of her ass or 
pussy as I would a mouth.  I could feel my sex gushing 
down my legs at this new humiliation.  "The slut is 
sorry Mistress."  This time I kissed her on her dark 
crinkled opening, causing Jean to moan with desire.  

"That's good," Rosa cooed.  "Now kiss her again, like 
you mean it."

I forgot about the musty smell and just imagined that 
it was the ruby red lips of my friend.  I closed my 
eyes and inserted my tongue between her lips.  Her 
lips pulled at my tongue, while I made love to her 
mouth. Rosa, however, wouldn't let me forget what I 
was doing, not even for a minute.

"Deeper, my little ass-licker," she whispered.  "Work 
that tongue in there.  Come on, open you mouth wide, 
so you can really get in there."  She grabbed the back 
of my head and forced my face further in my friend's 
ass, rocking my head from side to side.  "Open you 
eyes, so that you can look at your new lover.  Ha ha, 
see?  Now, you are a real *cleaning girl*."  My 
subjugation was made worse by the fact that Rosa was 
right next to my face, enjoying every moment of my 
depravation, while I worshiped my friend's ass.  
"That's right, that's a good cleaning girl." 

Jean was humping back against me, while I pleasured 
her nether passage.  "Mmmmm, I need someone like this 
Rosa, can I have her?" Jean asked.

"Sure, I'll sell her to you, but she isn't cheap." 

"How about five thousand dollars?" 

"I was thinking about much more," Rosa answered, as if 
I wasn't even there.

"Twenty?"

"Eighty thousand.  Come here slut," Rosa commanded.  
The Mexican girl pulled my face out from between the 
cheeks of Jean's bottom.   

I sat staring at Rosa's matted sex, while Jean moaned 
at the loss of my tongue.  I looked up briefly.  Oh 
God no!  Rosa was holding the dreaded bell.  Not here, 
I begged with my eyes!  However, Rosa stood there 
grinning evilly and rang the bell.  

Defeated and crying, I crawled between her legs and 
closed my mouth over her pee hole. 

"See, she's fully house-broken," Rosa bragged, while 
she pissed in my mouth.  

"Oh my word!" Jean gasped.  I closed my eyes, so that 
I wouldn't have to see the look in her eyes.  When 
Rosa was empty, I hung my head down in shame.

"Besides, maybe you can split the cost of her between 
you and a friend or two," Rosa explained.

Jean didn't need anymore convincing.  "Done!" she 
replied.  I felt a collar being put on my neck and 
then a leash.  I was led away from my house and my old 
safe and secure life, to my new life as a 'cleaning 
girl'; the hidden fantasies on my computer long since 
forgotten.


The End

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





