BDSM Library - Team  Mascot




Team  Mascot
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bemale reporter is kidnaped by member of baseball team and used as personal slut for team.
TEAM MASCOT


Walking across the parking lot somewhat helped me keep in shape.  It was a long
walk because I always parked at the edge of the parking lot.  When I would leave
after dark one of the guys from the team would usually give me a ride. That is
how I got to know most of them.  All but one, His name is Rudy. He would give me
rides but did not talk much. That was too bad because I was really attracted to
him. And we were both single.

I have had this job for three years now. Covering the local baseball team. A
female sports reporter is a hard job.  I suppose I got into this because I had 3
brothers who were always into one sport or another.  They automatically made me
into a tomboy. I love all sports!

As I approached the door of the stadium I got out my pass.  "Morning Ma'am"
greeting me as he opened the door. I just loved the older man who was watchman. 
His name was Willie; he had been on the job long before I got this job.

I walked on to the locker room, trying the doorknob.  It was unlocked which was
common when the team was on the road.  It was kept locked whenever they had a
home game, more to keep out curious fans than anything else.

I entered the locker room. No one was there; no one was to be there for two
hours.  There was something I had wanted to do for a long time! That was to try
out the whirlpool.

I took off my blouse and skirt. Underneath I had on a pink lacy bra and matching
bikini panties. I already had the water running in the whirlpool. This I tested
with my hand. Climbing in the water felt so good. I sank in up to my neck. Soon
I felt the need to have orgasms. I reached down between my thighs and started to
circle my clit with my index finger. I felt the pressure in me start to rise. 
Soon I was ready.  My pink pussy was wet with my juices; they were running out
of my cunt. My orgasms started, they were multiple.  They kept coming faster and
harder!

When I finally stopped quivering the water was so warm and the whirlpool was so
relaxing that I fell asleep.

The team had lost their game. They were very somber as they unloaded from the
bus.  The manager went straight to his office. The laundry man that kept the
uniforms spotless went to take them to the washing machines. Everyone went to
his office.  The team silently walked to the locker room. The team found the
door locked. Rudy had the key and unlocked the door.

Tom Riley saw the clothes and picked up the lacy under clothes. He jokingly said
to Rudy, "I have told you and told you to put your clothes in the drawers. I am
tired of picking up after you!" The others just stood looking,

Rudy laughed then looked around.  "What have we here?" Upon seeing the female
form in the whirlpool, he walked over to get a closer look.  He motioned for the
others to come over, he put his finger to his mouth to signal the others to keep
quiet.

Tom said quietly, " It's Sleeping Beauty.  Remember the Anne Rice series of
books?"  He asked of everyone. "Our very own Sleeping Beauty. Don't wake her."

Rudy whispered to Tom, "What are we going to do with her?" "Why whatever we
want." Replied Tom. Rudy smiled. "But what if the others don't go along with
us?' Tom said, " Just don't worry. I have something on everyone, even the
married ones. I have been on the team a long, long time."

"Guys", announced Tom, "Meet our new mascot! We will keep her for about a week
so that everyone can get a turn at her."

A few members of the team started to protest but were silenced by a threatening
look from Tom.

Two of the men went to lift her out of the whirlpool. Jenna's eyes flew open as
the cooler air hit her body.  She tried to struggle but was told that if she
kept that up they might drop her. She became calmer and asked what was going on.

Tom said, "We have you, our own Sleeping Beauty! We are going to keep you for a
week to be our private mascot!"  Jenna did not know what that meant but she was
sure that it wasn't good.

She was laid on the bench in front of the lockers.,  She started to rise but her
head was pushed down  and held there by Tom.  He had straddled the bench with a
leg on each side. He then unzipped his pants and pulled out his already hard
cock. "Here girl suck on this for a while."

He pushed his hard cock against her lips.  She opened her mouth to bite him. Tom
slapped her in the face, back and forth five times.  "Don't you dare even think
of that again or I will beat the shit out of you!"  Tears fell from her eyes as
she reluctantly did as he said.

Tom groaned as he quickly came.  He filled her mouth with his cum. "Swallow all
of it!" This she hated but she closed her eyes and did. Gary was next in line
behind Tom. He just wanted an old fashioned fuck, so he parted her pink wet
pussy lips and shoved his hard cock into the tight sheath.  He found that she
was wet from the whirlpool and not from sexual excitement.  But it did not
matter to him.

The next four men were kind of scared so all they did was cum in her face. Their
hard cocks got even harder as they worked their cocks back and forth until they
had cum dripping all over her face, running down her chin onto her neck.

Tom let her shower. He gave her a couple of blankets and said she could sleep on
the doctor's padded table for the night.  They all left and Tom locked the door
with a key.  He also had attached a light chain to her one ankle so that she
could not escape.

Early the next morning Tom opened the door.  To her surprise he had brought her
a McDonald's breakfast and a cup of coffee. She thanked him and hungrily ate it
all seeing she had no dinner but the men's cum.

"The rest of the team will be here soon and we will get their turns taken care
of.  I decided that we will keep you for the week.  To be our private "team
mascot!" He winked and grinned evilly.

One by one the other members of the team came into the locker room and proceeded
to take turnsfucking her and cumming on her.  Then they decided to do a circle
jerk with her at the center of the circle.  When they were done, she was covered
head to toe in gooey, sticky cum.

 They watched her as she again took a shower.  They watched as she soaped up her
cloth and washed her tired pussy. She washed her breast letting the water
cascade over them like a waterfall. Her long legs glistened as the water slid
off them.  Taking a towel form the rack she dried herself thoroughly.

Rudy took her by the shoulders and led her to the bench.  He unzipped his pants
and let them fall to the ground.  Her eyes widened as she saw the outline of his
massive cock hardened in his underpants! He slowly took out his cock all the
while watching her expression on her face.  He had not had her on the other days
and now was his turn!  He sat on the bench and motioned for her to climb up on
his cock.

She held onto his shoulders to keep balanced as she rode him like he was a wild
bucking bronco!  She relaxed her cunt muscles and enjoyed the ride. It seemed as
if the thrill of the ride would last forever!  Too soon (to her) he started to
moan and groan in his cumming.  He did not pull out or have her swallow or
anything like that.  He just held her close and started to rub her back as if to
apologize to her. He gently held her for a while then he said. "Jenna, I'm
sorry."

Tom said "That is enough of that Rudy, you sound as if you have fllen for her!" 
Tom had guessed right but Rudy had fallen for her long before now.

The week had passed with more fucking and sucking and Jenna being showered with
cum.  Tom came on Saturday morning.  He unlocked the door and left it open. "You
are free to go now."  She picked up her purse and did not look back as she went
out the door.

Rudy was waiting outside.  He opened the car door.  She got in, kissed him and
they drove away.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





