BDSM Library - The Erliks




The Erliks
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: BBC Newsreader, Penny Leghorn is abducted into space to warn earth of an impending disaster. The Pteroden commanded ship is bringing a colony of backward, baboon-like creatures, the Erliks, to live on earth. Their own planet has been destroyed. The Erliks are farmers and swordsmen with no knowledge of firearms so to protect them, the Pterodens encircle the Earth with a force that prevents all explosions, including those inside a combustion engine. Unfortunately they chose April the first as they day to land so the warnings given of impending doom were largely treated as an elaborate April Fool joke. Erlik society is very male dominated with each male having several wives and able to mate twenty or more times a day. Penny is forced to become one of the wives and through an implant, a negotiator for the Erliks.
The Erliks

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF FF NC Furry

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2002




The Erliks

by obohobo



Chapter 1. The warning



Noon GMT, March 25th 2027.

"Good morning, I'm Penny Leggorn." All TV channels world wide flickered and then
cut from their usual programmes to a clear picture of one of the top BBC
newsreaders. Her voice was shaking, her appearance dishevelled, tears were in
her eyes, quite unlike her normal polished performances and fashionable dresses.
But today it was no ordinary broadcast.

"Today, this morning, at least I am told it was this morning, I was abducted by
creatures that call themselves Pterodens and brought to what appears to be a
space ship. As you can see there is zero gravity." Penny pushed a few things
around in space. "I am not moving because I am shackled to the floor." The
camera cut to her ankles so viewers could see the bonds and then slowly panned
up taking in her bare legs and thighs and the hem of her sheer night-dress which
barely covered her pubic hair. Everyone would see the darkened area through the
near transparent material. Continuing upwards the camera lens revealed half
concealed breasts with dark nipples before filling the screen once more with her
face.

"The Pterodens tell me this is to be cast throughout the world. I just hope this
is an elaborate joke but the creatures seem very real. I am ordered to tell you
something about what I have seen so far and then to read a prepared statement."
Her voice almost broke but metallicly clipped words came from offstage "Get on
with it. You have five of your minutes."

"I do not know what happened. All I remember is getting out of bed to go to the
bathroom and waking up here surrounded by these creatures. They are like
something from a sci-fi novel, scaly and lizard-like but in beautiful iridescent
colours. I can speak to them but their voices sound as if they are replying
through a mechanical translator. Amongst themselves they seem to talk with a
high singing voice. From what I have seen their technology seems far more
advanced than ours. This space ship, if it is indeed one, is vast. The little I
have seen is in warehouse proportions. Everything is spotless and there is no
noise. No background hum of engines." Penny again faltered, "Please if this is a
joke, let me know and take me home."

"Read!" Again the odd voice and viewers saw the claw-like fingers of a hand as
it passed a stiff sheet of 'paper'. Penny felt it. Some sort of plastic she
guessed. The words though were in english and in computer print out format or so
she thought. Only one paragraph but as she read more appeared.

"We, the Pterodens are bringing a colony of Erliks to settle on Earth. Even by
your standards they are backward creatures but their own planet has been
destroyed and they need somewhere to live. Earth is ten percent smaller but has
similar atmospherics.

To help them survive, we are going to encase Earth with an electronic shield
that will prevent all explosions. This means you will not be able to shoot or
bomb them. They are excellent swordsmen and skilled in what you would call
medieval warfare so they should hold their own in any combat with earthlings.
However, the electronic shield also prevents the explosions that occur in your
antiquated petrol and diesel vehicles. These too will cease to work.

We will activate the shield at noon GMT on April 1st. At that time all cars,
aircraft and ships will lose power. To avoid loss of earthlings, make sure this 
warning is heeded."

Penny again faltered. "This has to be a joke," she announced.

"It is no joke, Earthling," the synthesised voice answered, "Ignore it and many
will lose their lives." Viewers saw a little more of the Pteroden's arm as he
took the sheet from Penny and the transmission ended.

11.45 GMT, March 30th 2027.

"In a short while we will link you with your colleague Martin Timpson in London.
You have been with us three earth days now and they are still largely treating
our previous transmission as a hoax. It is up to you to convince them it is not.
Otherwise many earth lives will be lost."

"I can't go on television like this!" Penny stood naked in front of the Pteroden
called Steirnon who seemed to be in charge.

"You earthlings worry too much about covering your bodies. It is up to you to
convince them about what we are doing. You know a lot more about the Erliks now.
They will not try to take over the whole world, they just want a space to live."

Indeed she did know more about them than she did and it wasn't at all
comforting. After the last broadcast the Pterodens had implanted a small device
in the back of her neck which allowed her to understand the Erlik language and
placed her in the care of a small Erlik family unit. This consisted of a male
and two females. Most units had four or more females. Penny was a replacement
for  a female that had died.

"Pull yourself together, Penny. We will be live on air in a few moments. Be
proud of your body. Tell them what will happen if they take no notice of our
warnings."

"But the bruises..." Penny was beginning to sob.

Steirnon rubbed a sponge over her face. Another voice counted "Five, four,
three, two, one."

A screen in front of her lit up and she saw the familiar face of Martin and
heard him state, "And now we are hoping to go live to Penny Leggorn somewhere in
space. Are you there Penny?" A full length picture of Penny filled half of the
screen showing her naked to the world and showing she was tethered by one
binding to a ring in the floor so she couldn't run out of camera range.
Gradually the camera panned closer. Bruises showed on her thighs and on her
breasts. "My God, Penny, who did this to you?" came the shocked voice of Martin.
Penny tried but no words came from her lips. Martin repeated, "What has happened
to you Penny?"

"Tell him the warning is not a hoax," Steirnon reminded her.

At last words came and when they did they poured out and with them a lot of pent
up emotions. Forgetting she was broadcasting live she replied "Oh Martin, it's
been terrible. I've been put with an Erlik unit. I am being mated. They are like
baboons. I've been raped and raped. They're tough and hard but treat females as
just things to be mated and used. Erlik females have tough hides but even when
they try to be gentle, they hurt. When I didn't do what they wanted I was
spanked." She turned round and showed her red and blue bottom. "They don't spank
us over the knee but lay us on our backs and push our legs alongside our faces.
That way we have to watch each spank as it hits us. It's really painful. It
would be very difficult to sit if there wasn't zero gravity."

"Tell him the warning is not a hoax," Steirnon again reminded her.

"Martin, tell everyone the warning about all explosions being stopped is not a
hoax. I believe many papers have suggested it is an April Fool's joke. It
doesn't seem like it here. There are hundreds of Erliks in the room where I
live. I've seen them train with swords and spears and its incredible. The speed
and dexterity of them. And they use their tails too. I've been given an implant
so I can understand their grunt language and can speak to them so I know what
they expect to happen. The Pterodens are the intelligent ones. Their technology,
what little I've seen of it is light years ahead of ours. I can quite believe
they have the means to silence all engines. So please tell whoever, that it
doesn't seem to be a hoax."

"Penny you are being broadcast world wide, not from our transmitters but from
wherever you are. Our schedules have been overridden. Your last appearance was
on every station world wide and most then showed it again with translations."

"And they are all seeing me now? Like this?" Penny was suddenly overcome by the
thought but was brought back to being a broadcaster when Martin asked,

"Do you know where the Erliks are going to take over the land?"

Penny shook her head. "No, they have not said where but it is probably in a
english speaking area because some of the top Erliks have english language
implants and it seems more English english rather than American english. They
gave one to my male whose name is almost unpronounceable but who I call Cyril.
In Erlik it sounds similar but without the vowels and said with a sort of
growl."

"Can you describe the Erliks for us?"

"Baboons. Like I said before. That is about the best description. But they're
about as tall as a normal man or a little taller. Covered with quite a soft fur.
They stand upright like we do. Amongst themselves they seem peaceable but it is
a very male dominated group and there is a hierarchy with a big male at the top.
Females are all subservient. They do exactly what the males order and if they
don't they are spanked. Unlike me, they have tough hides but even so it seems to
hurt them. Mind you at times they seem surprisingly kind and gentle and spend a
lot of time grooming each other's fur.

"What are living conditions like there?"

"The Pterodens seem to have nice rooms but I am with the Erliks and they are all
in a sort of large room with bed spaces on about four levels. Its all open. Each
family unit has one bed space. The males seem to mate for most of the night all
in full view of one another."

"Perhaps we had better leave that subject for now. What is the food like?" asked
Martin.

"Vegetarian and pills at the moment. They have a growing area with lights and
things. Only had a peep in. The Erliks seems to be farmers and will talk about
growing things. Probably that is why they want land of their own."

"Repeat the warning," Steirnon again ordered her before the transmission ceased.




Chapter 2. Invasion



Noon April 1st 2027.

It would go down in history as the worst disaster. Many airlines had heeded the
warning and, partly from passenger pressure, altered their schedules so they
wouldn't be off the ground at noon, but others still believed it a hoax, until
their planes fell from the skies as the engines ceased functioning.
Unfortunately many of these planes were either on their approach to large cities
or had just taken off therefore the devastation in built up areas was
considerable and the number of lives lost ran to hundreds of thousands. One
mitigating factor was the fuel didn't explode although it did burn fiercely
destroying housing, offices and factories.

Shipping too was disrupted and vessels lost when power failed in heavy ocean
seas. Cars and lorries came to a standstill. Even the now popular electric cars
were not able to make much headway because roads were blocked with stalled
petrol and diesel vehicles. The chaos was world wide but was felt particularly
badly in the more highly developed countries like the USA with such a high
proportion of fuel driven vehicles and planes. Fortunately in Britain, most of
the electrified railways were able to keep working. Power supplies were a little
down but due to lobbying by the Green Party there were now many wind farms
working and lobbying by the pro-nuclear energy group had resulted in several new
nuclear power stations. Only a few of the old coal fired stations where
pulverised coal was exploded in a furnace had to close.

The roads took several weeks to clear. Electric cars and some lovingly preserved
steam traction engines towed the now useless cars to compounds where they could
be stored out of the way. Given the scale of the disaster, it is not surprising
there was much anger and hatred over the coming of the Erliks. Even had the
warnings been heeded, the economic affects alone would have caused a major world
upset but now these were compounded by the loss of aircraft, ships and road
transport.

Knowing little of this, the Erliks landed on the Isle of Wight, a relatively
small island separated from mainland England by the Solent waterway. It soon
became obvious to outside observers the Erliks might be backward by modern
technological standards but they knew how to plan a campaign and execute it with
ruthless efficiency. They landed at the southern end of the island and drove
most of the population to the ports and harbours on the northern coast. Many
females under about the age of forty were captured as were any males that had
positions of control. Any that resisted were put to the sword. All the many
retired people, the old, infirm were forced to flee with the others to the ports
and harbours and by commandeering various small sailing craft, made their way to
the mainland. Within three days the island was completely under Erlik control
and the chief began apportioning land and females to each family unit. Male
slaves were kept at area points to be allocated as work required them.

Penny landed with the rest of them but soon found herself working alongside the
chief Erlik who she called Jacob but again it was a mispronunciation because of
the lack of vowels and sounds which her voice couldn't yet produce. He wanted
her with him because she could talk with the locals better than his implant and
natural voice box would allow. She could also read and understood the modern
things he knew nothing of.

Because it was still chill in the early spring, Penny was able to get Jacob to
allow her to clothe herself from items found in deserted houses. She also picked
up several mobile phones which she hoped to be able to use to contact those
outside the island. Jacob didn't yet know of their use.

Being chief, Jacob had a larger family unit and chose a large house at Ryde on
the north-east tip of the island for his dwelling and headquarters. It
overlooked the waterway and the large towns of Gosport and Portsmouth on the
mainland. He had ten Erlik females in his family and now had three plump
islanders so the pressure on Penny was not as great. Nevertheless she had to
take his enormous weapon at least twice a day and suffered several painful
spankings when she didn't respond quick enough to his orders.

Penny was told to assist when the three islanders were brought in. She knew the
first thing Jacob would do would be to mate them, She asked their names,
"Jackie." "Sharon." "Laura."

"As I guess you already know, I'm Penny and I have an implant that allows me to
talk their language. Firstly you must understand, the males here have absolute
power. I and every female here, have to do exactly what they say immediately.
Otherwise you get your arse smacked and its not like a human hand either. More
like a six fingered leather strap." She lowered her trousers and showed her red
and blue bottom. "Secondly, they have a greater sex drive than humans. They seem
to need to mate at least twenty times a day and when they start to mate they
will take three or four one after the other which is why they take more than one
female into each unit. I'm sure you've already noticed their pricks. Sorry it is
easier if I use common terms. They have a bone in them so they are permanently
erect. It doesn't get any longer but when stimulated it does get thicker and
even swells inside your vagina. It hurt like hell at first but now I am getting
used to it. Once he has finished some business with the males inside I expect he
will rape each of you in turn. There is nothing I can do to stop him and if I
try, I shall no doubt end up with another walloping. All you can do is relax
your muscles and grit your teeth. Sorry ladies. They like to choose plumper
girls because they are more like their own."

Jacob came in and the girls started to cry. "Take  off  your  clothes," he
ordered in slow awkward speech.

"Do it if you don't want to be punished as well." Penny reinforced the command
to the frightened girls. "You are going to be raped whatever you do to resist."
Sobbing and crying and with trembling fingers the girls started removing their
garments. Fearfully they eyed the largest cock any had ever seen.

They were surprised when Penny dropped her trousers too and spoke to Jacob in
erlik, then she turned to them, "I asked him to use me to show you what to do.
Remember a week ago, I had never seen a prick this size either."

"I've never had any man before," sobbed Laura. She was obviously much younger
than the other two.

"It won't make any difference. I don't think they have any concept of virgins
and virginity. Once an Erlik female starts to show signs of developing breasts,
they are considered ready for mating and are traded to another family unit. I
saw two Erlik girls swapped last week and immediately the males spread their
legs and mated them. Although the girls were in pain, they didn't murmur or
complain. Afterwards they were given a very hard spanking. It sort of sealed
their new ownership."

By now Penny was bent over a table, legs spread wide. Without ceremony, Jacob
thrust himself in and pounded her for five minutes or so until be pumped his
sperm deep inside her. Pulling out her gave her arse a couple of smacks, gentle
by his standards but which hurt Penny enough to make her cry out.

"Come." Jacob pointed to Sharon and when she hesitated grabbed her arm hard
enough to leave bruises and threw her over the table. A few loud sounding
wallops with the hard hand caused further wailing.

"Spread your legs," whispered Penny, "Make it as easy for him as you can."

Sharon didn't have any time, the head of Jacob's prick was already entering and
the rigid bone easily forced the lips apart. She was married to a well endowed
man and was no stranger to sex. Soon, to Sharon's shame, he was fucking her hard
and she began responding with her own juices. Despite her reservations, Sharon
climaxed twice before Jacob spent his seed and withdrew.

Jackie was next. Penny semi engineered it to give the virgin Laura a little more
time to prepare herself and perhaps the sights before her would get her juices
flowing. Jackie was less experienced and the large cock hurt her but she took it
fairly well although she didn't get any relief for herself. Jacob gave her a
hard spanking for not responding enough.

"Laura, relax as much as you can," Penny advised as the young girl was draped
over the table. But she could not and screamed as the huge prick entered her
tight little opening and tore aside her hymen. Laura struggled and writhed all
to no avail. Jacob rammed his rigid shaft fast and hard into her tight opening.
It hurt her badly. The mating went on longer than with the others. When  his
seed was spent, Jacob withdrew and looked with surprise at his bloodied prick.
For a few moments he thought he had torn his own flesh. With a roar he picked
Laura up and laid her back across his knees.

"Jacob, don't hurt her," Penny pleaded in his language, "It's not your blood,
its hers. Humans have a skin that has to be broken when a woman mates with a man
for the first time. Look." Wiping his cock with a cloth she indicated it wasn't
damaged. "She's the one who is bleeding." Penny indicated Laura's vagina. Jacob
grunted and proceeded to warm the white bottom but the slaps were not as hard as
they could have been.




Chapter 3. Ministerial visit



April 6th, 2027.

The previous days were spent in consolidating positions and getting used to some
of the 'modern' innovations the Erliks had never seen. Electricity for lighting
and heat although the fur clad Erliks didn't need heat and little of their food
was cooked. They mainly ate salads. Through the wonders, to them, of television
they all saw the horror and devastation caused by the suppression cushion. Even
if the Erliks didn't realise quite the significance of their arrival, they had
compassion for the suffering. Penny was able to phone Martin and he arranged for
her to broadcast in audio and put the Erliks viewpoint if she could get Jacob to
agree. With a great deal of difficulty she was able to do this but it meant
spending a long time trying to explain the concept of broadcasting and then
trying to get the Erlik's views on their stay on Earth. They were homeless now
as their planet had been hit by a huge asteroid just wanted land to grow what
they needed. The Pterodens had rescued them and found them this place on Earth
to settle. It was the Pterodens technology that brought them here and was
keeping them safe from bombing and shooting.

"Can we contact Steirnon?" Penny asked but Jacob had no idea how to get in
touch. Although they could only show a still picture of Penny in the corner of
the screen, the TV broadcast went out. She tried to explain the Erliks views and
they fact it was the Pterodens that controlled the suppressing field surrounding
the world. "If you are receiving this Steirnon will you please get in touch with
me," she appealed, not knowing if he was still within range of the transmission
or had moved to distant galaxies.

In just a few days, Penny had become almost indispensable to Jacob and was
acting more like his personal assistant than a subservient female. It was the
implant that made all the difference. She could easily communicate with him
although her intonations marked her as a foreigner to the Erliks and she had a
natural ability to talk easily and persuasively with the rest of Britain. Jacob
had the sense to allow her to do this and while he could more or less understand
what went on, had difficulty in pronouncing the words fluently. Penny though was
definitely subservient when he wanted to mate although it was now only about
once a day since the arrival of the three girls. She began to wonder if she was
pregnant. He period was only a few days late but it gave her cause for concern.

Through Martin she had a phone call from Reggie Sopwith the Prime Minister. He
got straight to the point. "Miss Leggorn, are you able to influence the head of
the Erliks?"

"No, not really. I can talk to them. I can put a point of view provided it
doesn't seem aggressive. If it does I get a hiding."

"Can you get them to meet a delegation from us to see if we can come to some
arrangement over land and the so called suppression cushion?"

"One moment, Prime Minister." Penny consulted Jacob who seemed busy with
something else and waved her away. "Sorry, he's busy at the moment. Can you give
me a contact number so I can get back to you later. If I ask again now, I'll end
up over his knee and then he'll never agree to meet anyone from your side."
Penny waited until he had again mated the three girls and then took her for good
measure. He was always more relaxed after he'd mated several times in a row. It
took a little while and all her skills but in the end he agreed but limited the
number to three.

Next day, sailors in a small craft rowed three ministers in dark suits topped
incongruously by fluorescent lifejackets. The meeting was a disaster. The
ministers made demands for immediate withdrawal of the Erliks without giving
anything in return and hinting at war if they did not accede. Jacob was angry.
Penny was angry. She phoned the P.M. and told him in no uncertain terms what she
thought of the so called negotiators. "I will do what I can for both sides," she
said vehemently, "But you must be prepared to actually negotiate and be able to
give a little, especially on this question of land. They seem very skilled at
growing crops and have skills that we don't have. They could be an asset. I�know
the feelings of outrage out there but that was the Pterodens technology and had
their warning been heeded few lives would have been lost. I know the feelings of
outrage the people who have been forced to flee their homes on this island and I
want to see them back but for you just to demand the Erliks just up and go is
untenable. They have no where to go and no means of getting there."

April 8th 2027

World wide chaos still reigned. In every country, people demanded their
governments do something about the suppression cushion but the governments were
powerless. Markets crashed. People either couldn't get to work or there was no
work because it required machinery to run.

Penny awoke to find herself again in the Pteroden space ship. Like the first
time her neck was sore. "Oh no! What have they done now?"

Steirnon, the beautiful lizard-like creature who was head of the Pterodens
answered her question. "We've put in another implant. You'll now be able to
communicate directly with us in our language, not only audio but visually too.
We know things went badly for many earthlings. Things which our technology
didn't foresee. We wanted just to protect the Erliks and give them somewhere to
live. We did not appreciate the significance of April 1st to you, nor did we
expect our warnings to go unheeded. And the Earth infrastructure too is far more
complex than we had been led to believe from our space surveys."

"Is there anyway you can keep the Erliks safe and lift the suppression cushion?"
asked Penny surprised that she was speaking in a high singing voice.

"We can partially lift it and just cover the island and about a 100 kilometres
around it, if that will help."

"That would free most of the world but still cover London and the whole of the
English Channel. Can that be reduced still further?"

"Of course, but the area is circular."

"When can it be done?"

"Now if you like."

Penny thought for a few moments. "I think from an Erlik point of view it would
be a better bargaining strategy if we used it to gain promises from the British
Prime Minister. You say I can communicate with you directly now, without having
to be abducted to here?"

"Yes, you just tune your thoughts to me and I will appear in your mind."

"And you will reduce the suppression cushion when I ask?"

"Certainly."

Penny put her arms around the scaly creature and hugged it to her. The scales
were smooth and dry and felt more like silk against her skin. Surprising her as
Steirnon had never shown any emotion, he clasped her to him. The surprise was
heightened when something hard pressed against her stomach. "A lizard cock?" she
wondered. Indeed it was. Smooth and pointed it had emerged from complete
concealment to stand proudly from between his legs.

Sex with creatures was now almost normal for the erstwhile newsreader so she
asked, "Do you want to?"

What could almost be mistaken for a smile appeared on Steirnon's face. "Yes," he
replied, "It is not often I get stimulated enough to see it. We're not like the
Erliks who do it many times a day. For us it is for special occasions." Carrying
her in the weightless atmosphere he took her to a room and requested she grip
two handrails to hold herself from floating. "The gravity chamber and the hold
we had for the Erliks has gone back to base and there is no gravity on this
command unit. This is how we have to do it with the female Pterodens."

Holding tightly on the handrails, Penny opened her legs as Steirnon clasped her
closely around the body and entered. His prick was smooth and dry but slippery
as if coated with a non stick coating. Penny was wet enough for both anyway and
soon he was using very quick but deep thrusts into her. It was like nothing she
had experienced before. His body didn't move only his cock. A vibrating,
thrusting piston that brought her quickly to two climaxes.

April 9th, 2027.

"Prime Minister I would like to arrange a public broadcast with you to negotiate
how we can arrange a settlement. And I do mean negotiate not like those idiot
ministers who thought they could just demand a settlement."

"What can you offer in return?"

"If I get the right public assurances, I may well get at least a partial lifting
of the suppression cushion, but there has to be safeguards." Penny and the Prime
Minister agreed on Portsmouth as the venue and have full media coverage. Sailors
from the naval garrison rowed her and Jacob over and the P.M. arrived by
electric train and horse drawn carriage until recently more commonly used for
society weddings.

Jacob wore his ceremonial sword belt complete with broad sword and two daggers.
Otherwise there was only his fur covering. It was the first time the world had
more than fleeting glimpses of an Erlik. Penny had already warned the Prime
Minister against any handshaking rituals. Penny immediately changed the venue
from the local town hall to the quayside alongside the still well preserved 18th
century sailing man of war, the Victory. She also limited the P.M.'s delegation
to one. Martin was there amongst all the other film crews and Penny was able to
give him a hug and share a few words before Jacob started to look upset.

"Miss Leggorn," the P.M. began.

"Penny, please. And I hope I may call you Reggie. We want these talks to be
friendly and ......"

"Productive. First I need to know what real influence you have over these
people? And secondly, can you get the suppression cushion lifted? Thirdly can
you remove these Erliks elsewhere?" Penny translated to make sure Jacob knew.

Jacob slowly replied, "We listen to what she says and if we believe it is for
our good we act on it. We have to stay on Earth. We have no where to go."

"You can get the Pterodens to take you elsewhere." Reggie countered.

"No," Penny interjected. The cargo unit the Pterodens brought them in has
returned to base, I am told it is several galaxies away. Only the small command
unit is within range. They are picking up this broadcast now."

"Sounds like it is all make believe. Science fiction."

"It may seem like fiction to you Reggie, but it is a ghastly reality and one we
all have to come to terms with now. For the good of everyone. They cannot go
away. You will have difficulty in forcing them out...." Reggie tried to
interrupt. He didn't want her taking up too much air time.

"Miss Leggorn, Penny can you get the suppression field lifted? Yes or no?"

"One moment, I wish to contact Steirnon, the head of the command unit." Penny
then proceeded to talk in a peculiar high voice.

"I have asked the suppression cushion be temporarily lifted from over
Australasia. I am sure news of it will come through in seconds." It did.

"Tell the Aussies not to go mad, it is only temporary at the moment pending some
agreement here. It is just to prove to you that I do have some influence.
However, if Steirnon believes it is not in the best interest of the Erliks, he
will not do it. I have to convince him. In return for lifting the cushion, we
want a safe area of good farm land of about 100 square kilometres in area. The
Isle of Wight was convenient from a protection point of view but not for
farming."

"What else would we get? Would the slaves be returned?"

Penny consulted with Jacob. "We will allow any male islanders that wish to go to
the mainland safe passage to Ryde if you can arrange boats to take them."

"And the women?"

"That is more difficult. They are being integrated into the family units and are
being bred. As yet they do not know it they can produce offspring."

"You mean they are being raped!"

"To the Erliks it is mating but I wouldn't be surprised if we get a decent area
of land we could come to an arrangement over the ladies. Once they have become
used to an Erlik male, some of the woman may not wish to return to human men.
Look, Reggie, this is going round and round in circles. I will offer to try and
get the suppression cushion lifted except for a hundred kilometre radius around
the Island. That will give the world a chance to start recovery and because
London and the channel will still be under the blanket, it will give you a
better incentive to work out where to allow the Erliks to live and farm."

"Cut the cameras! Get them!" Reggie started to move quickly back. Not quickly
enough though. Jacob bounded in two great leaps and picked the man up and with a
dagger held in his tail pushed it to the P.M.'s throat. Penny rushed to Jacob's
side as men armed with spears and bows began to surround them.

"Is this still going out live Martin?" Martin acknowledged it was. "Good, keep
filming. It's another government double cross." She then spoke in the high pitch
language and then turned to the cameras. "This man," pointing to Reggie, "Has
deceived us all. Now the suppression cushion will not be lifted until we can
negotiate with some one we can trust. The cushion once again covers the whole
world. If I and Jacob are harmed the cushion will stay in place for ever."

Cameramen surrounded the trio. All trying to film and get sound bites. The
special forces team didn't have a chance to get near them and with the head of
government held hostage, they were stymied. He was released when Jacob and Penny
were returned to the island.

Pressure from other world governments who would have been freed from the cushion
had not the capture of Penny gone wrong, forced Reggie Sopwith's resignation. A
coalition government was sworn in and a state of emergency declared.




Chapter 4. S.O.F.T.



April 21st 2027.

"Ladies, please read and sign the papers in front of you." Major Sutton spoke as
if the ten ladies in front of him had already accepted the conditions and
signing was a formality.

"It says here that I am volunteering for Special Operations Force Training. I'm
not volunteering for any such thing. I don't even know what we are here for or
why we have been taken from our families. I'm not signing anything like this."
Maureen O'Hare indignantly slammed the pen down on the desk top in front of her.
The other ladies looked as though they were about to agree with her.

Major Sutton nodded to two soldiers in camouflage dress. Quickly and silently
they came up from behind, lifted her by the underneath of her armpits and took
her to the front table. Despite kicking and swearing, Maureen was laid on her
back. Another soldier removed her trousers and underwear and passed an ankle to
each of the soldiers holding her. Maureen now lay with her back on the table,
her ankles held alongside her ears and her arse and cunt fully exposed to
everyone in the room. She continued to swear and curse the soldiers and threaten
them with litigation. Picking up her knickers, the Major stuffed them in her
mouth. There were murmurs of dissent from the other ladies.

"Silence!" barked a soldier wearing sergeant's stripes. His voice reverberated
around the hall.

With all eyes on him, the Major went to a side table and picked up a leather
instrument and displayed it to the women. The end was shaped like a large, six
fingered hand about half as big again as a human hand, connected to a flat but
flexible plastic handle about 2 feet long. He swished it through the air and
brought it crashing down on the side table with a resounding "WHACK". All the
women and some of the soldiers jumped at the sound. "He's surely not going to
beat her with that," Sally Machin said to herself. She and Maureen had only met
a few days before at the start of the testing programme but had quickly become
friends.

Taking a stance to one side of Maureen, Major Sutton brought the leather hand
down hard across her buttocks. All the women were sickened by the sound and many
cried out in alarm. Maureen would have screamed had not her gag prevented it.
Showing no emotion, the Major applied six hard strokes alternately to each
buttock. On the eleventh, Maureen was able to spit out the gag and produced a
horrendous yell, followed by more invective. The two soldiers had difficulty in
holding her.

The Major looked around the room. "Jones, you seem to have an erection, come and
do your stuff." Jones stepped forward, opened his flies and removed his hard
cock. Without any further warning he plunged it in Maureen's cunt and fucked her
hard. She continued to cry out with pain and anger as she was raped. Jones
withdrew when his seed was implanted.

"O'Hare are you now volunteering for S.O.F.T.?" the Major asked quietly.

"Not bloody likely, if this is the way you treat us, you fucking bastard!"
Returning to his position at her side, the Major picked up the hand and once
more started laying hard strokes on the already bruised and sore arse.

After three strokes to each cheek a howling, sobbing Maureen yelled, "Okay,
okay, I'll sign. I'm not volunteering but I'll sign. Just stop hitting me."
Unperturbed the Major carried on hitting each cheek until he given her a further
twelve. Maureen screamed and yelled. Her arse was now a kaleidoscope of vivid
painful colours.

"Watson, Step forward and perform." Another soldier came to the front, opened
his flies and started to rape Maureen. Having watched the writhings of the girl
he was already well aroused and his fucking didn't last long. On his withdrawal
the two soldiers holding Maureen carried her back to her seat. As soon as her
arse touched the wood she shot up again, crying and rubbing her sore areas. Her
trousers and underwear were not returned to her.

"You may stand for a little while O'Hare," the Major spoke as if her was doing
her a great favour, "But quieten down or we will have to gag you again. Now does
anyone else need persuading to sign? Do read pages 2 to 6 carefully as they all
concern the official secrets act and if you do not heed the warnings you could
end up having a very hard time in prison." Almost all the women were very
apprehensive as they tried to read the words through tear filled eyes. Sally
tried unsuccessfully to comfort her friend.

Ten minutes later when all the papers had been signed and collected the Major
spoke again, this time his tone was more friendly. "Welcome to S.O.F.T. ladies.
As you have probably guessed this has to do with the Erlik invasion. You know
you were conscripted with a hundred or so others three days ago and have been
subjected to many tests. After each test the numbers were reduced. Now we have
the final selection. The ten of you. You were all selected because you are
intelligent, are well built, are reasonably fit, and have a healthy attitude to
sex. What we are going to do is train you for undercover work in Erlik
territory. It's going to be a tough course for you, one like nothing you could
have anticipated. You've all seen the TV and paper reports of what the Erliks
are like. You've seen the pictures of Penny Leggorn so you know what could
happen to you if you are caught. The spanking I gave O'Hare was similar to what
a male Erlik would give you. Unfortunately none of the soldiers here are as well
equipped in the cock department as the male Erliks." The Major paused to let
this information sink in.

"What is going to happen to you now? First you will be taken to our training
facility. I can't tell you where but it isn't far. There you will be put through
a vigorous programme of fitness and hand weapons training and special methods of
persuasion. All of you will have regular attention from the leather hand to
toughen up your hides as well as skin hardening salves. All of you will be
regularly mated by your male companions. Again this is to simulate and prepare
you for what you would receive if you fall into Erlik hands. The soldiers have
been told to use you any time they wish and preferable three or four one after
the other. Much of the time you will be kept naked. You will all be given anti
contraception injections to avert pregnancy. That I think is all you need to
know for now."

Most of the ten women were now openly crying and asking why they were chosen?
What about their families? The Major allowed this to go on for only a few
minutes before ordering silence and warning the next one to start questioning or
arguing would be the next one for the hand.

"I want to see my children!" Jenny, an attractive blonde women in her mid
twenties unwisely spoke. The major only nodded and two soldiers quickly garnered
the woman and hardly before she realised what was happening, she had taken
Maureen's place on the table. Her plump arse was bared and her legs folded back.

"You will not get second chances in this unit ladies," the Major informed them.
"This is the position we understand the Erliks use when spanking females. Their
hands are about this size," the Major indicated the leather hand, "and they are
stronger than humans. One male is easily able to hold any female in this
position especially as they use their tails as well. Erlik females seem to
accept punishment, what we have heard of human ladies, if they struggle they get
a far worse hiding. Twelve smacks seems to be about the normal although if the
male is really angry or the female struggles violently, the spanking can go on
for a hundred or more."

"Please, don't. I'm sorry I spoke." The woman on the table pleaded but to no
avail. Twelve hard whacks with the hand later she was sobbing hysterically. Two
soldiers raped her, one after the other. "Remember ladies, there are no second
chances in this unit." The major reinforced his earlier remark.

Sally sat alongside Maureen and tried to comfort her as the electric bus took
them to their new home, a small isolated training camp. Maureen had difficulty
is sitting still and had to ease herself off the seat every few minutes. She
sobbed quietly as Sally put an arm around her shoulders to comfort her. Sobs
also came from the other recipient of the hand otherwise the female occupants of
the bus were subdued. The soldiers sharing the bus with them were more
boisterous and occupied their time by loudly reviewing the 'talent' as they
referred to the new female recruits.

An hour later they arrived at a small army camp and passed through two check
points neither of which were named. On to a collection of low, curved roof, huts
reminiscent of a past era. A soldier with sergeant's stripes and a crown entered
the bus. "I'm staff sergeant James," he boomed, "I shall be in charge of your
training. "The hut there," he pointed, "Is the wash house. Sorry, the facilities
are unisex ladies and primitive but they are all there is. You have fifteen
minutes to clean up and do what you have to do. By 16.15 I expect you all to be
in the school room." Again he pointed, "Latecomers will get a dose of the hand.
All off duty men are to report to the school room at the same time. Dismiss!"

"Unisex! Primitive!" Maureen murmured to Sally as she leaned on her for support,
"Unisex meaning men and primitive meaning diabolically rough!" They surveyed the
wash room. Open showers across one end; washbasins and mirrors along one side
wall, open toilet stalls and urinals along the other. Bench seats down the
centre. Sally just had to pee so despite the fact soldiers were now in the wash
room she sat but covered her crotch as best she could with her jumper. The other
girls had no choice but to follow suit. One of the soldiers called out, "You
don't have to hide anything, we will be seeing it all later. And you'll get to
see us and feel us too."

No one was really late for the meeting but Sarah, caught several hard cracks
with the hand as she entered last. She felt their sting through her jeans. Staff
Sergeant James was ready and indicated the ladies sit at the front and the
soldiers filled the seats behind. "Ladies, you are in the army now and are
subject to army discipline and not just army discipline, S.O.F.T. discipline
which is far, far more severe. You are here on a special and very secret
training course. So secret you will have no contact with the outside world. The
object is to toughen you up, get you fitter and make you ready to be infiltrated
on to the Isle of Wight and to send back information on the Erliks and their
movements so that when we mount an invasion, we know what to expect. Life here
will be tough. Life here will be hell. We need the information you can get and
to that end, in the greater scheme of things you are expendable. The world is
being paralysed by those bastards and we need to set it free. Any questions?"
None of the ladies dared to ask.

The room darkened as a slide projector shone a computer enhanced image on the
screen "As you no doubt have heard, Erlik society is male dominated. Male Erliks
are larger and much more powerful than the females. The females are very
subservient. They have to work hard and are mated frequently even when they are
pregnant. A male Erlik usually mates around twenty times a day and from the
pictures you have seen males have an organ about one and a half times as large
as the most well endowed man." The screen showed the comparison. Sally found
herself becoming aroused. "They are always erect because they have a bone within
the organ therefore it doesn't lengthen when aroused but the flesh around it
does become engorged with blood like a human male and become thicker. Usually a
mating will last five to ten minutes. We know from phone reports from captured
ladies they are force raped three or more times a day. The smaller ones find it
excruciatingly painful. The larger ones actually seem to get off on it after the
first few times. Hence all of you have been chosen because, to put it crudely,
your cunts are of a larger than average size. If you get captured, then you
should survive the rapes better. Any questions?"

Maria tentatively put her hand up. "Are you expecting us to be captured by the
Erliks?"

"No," S.S. James replied. He hadn't been informed of the true plan. Only if the
ladies were in the hands or on the cocks of the Erliks would they be able to
find out their plans. "Part of your training here should help you to avoid
capture."

The next video pictures, smuggled out by late escapees, showed a female Erlik
being spanked and then a young human girl. The Erlik woman obviously found it
uncomfortable but the spanking hurt the girl badly and she screamed and cried
and that seemed to earn her a further dose. Despite her sore arse, the girl was
mated and this again caused her a great deal of pain. "You all saw two of your
group receive spankings this afternoon. Even the severest one hardly came up to
the beating that young girl had. It is our intention to get your arses toughened
so you can take a good spanking without too much discomfort. If you are able to
lie still and take a smacking from a male Erlik, you will probably get off
lighter than if you make a lot of fuss as you saw with the girl. You saw how the
female Erlik and the girl were held for spanking, this is the way you will be
held too." Sally felt herself becoming very wet between her thighs and wondered
if the others were too.

"We intend to simulate life with the Erliks as best we can. None of the men here
can mate twenty times in one day so we'll use twenty men. None of them can hit
as hard as an Erlik, so we'll use the leather hand. All of you will get at least
one dose of it every day. More if your training isn't up to scratch. You will
also be mated like the two this afternoon after each session with the hand.
Females under Erlik control are only allowed clothes when it is cold, usually
that is when they are working outside. Indoors, they are naked, or wear just
slippers. We shall observe the same conditions here. By the time your training
is over, you should be used to nudity. The men here can at anytime you are not
working, demand you submit to their cocks. The exceptions are meal times, work
times and between midnight and 6 a.m. You will need some sleep in order to carry
out your training duties. If you refuse a cock, expect the hand."

"Sleeping arrangements." The Staff Sergeant paused, "There are two barrack
rooms. We were not given enough notice to get extra beds for your arrival so we
are going to put five of you in one and five in the other arranged equally
around the room. Each night you will rotate around the room by one bed and share
that bed with whoever bedspace it is. That way each man will get to sleep with a
woman every fourth or fifth night unless he or you are on night duty. Two of you
will always be allocated to the officers and N.C.O's quarters." All of the
ladies were now feeling very uncomfortable about their situation. Even those who
were a little more promiscuous had doubts about the amount of sex they could
take.

"Your schedule for today," S.S. James went on, "After we finish here, you will
be taken to Medics and given your anti contra injection and then on to the mess
for dinner. After that I have arranged for stores to kit you out with four sets
of combat suits, trousers and tops, and with two pairs training shoes and four
pairs of socks. Inside the buildings you only wear socks. Outside you wear the
combat suits, socks and shoes and those items only. No underwear, no bras. I
have ordered a supply of feminine hygiene towels but they have yet to arrive. No
make-up is allowed and only combing and brushing of hair. Most females waste too
much time with hair-do's and make-up. You will not have the time. After you are
kitted out you come officially under the rules I have already outlined. You may
go to the lounge for an hour or so but once inside off comes your kit. The
clothing and jewellery you are wearing will be placed in boxes and sealed until
this assignment is over. You will be given lockers to keep the kit in you are
given. Before bed tonight though you must make sure your name is on every item.
Stores will supply labellers for your use. You will get up at 6 a.m. when
ordered, use the loo and immediately make your way to gym. You should be there
by 6:15. That's about it for now." He paused and then as if an afterthought,
"And by the way, I'll be round at 11 p.m. tonight to see you are all tucked up
in bed and to warm your nice fat bums with the hand for the night. Like with the
Erliks, the more fuss, the more you get."

A corporal tried marching them to the medics but none had experience of marching
so he just kept them in two's as best he could. Inside they had to wait and for
the first time had chance to talk and discus their situation. "We're just going
to be unpaid whores for this lot," complained Sarah.

"I don't see how we can stand all the sex and beatings they say we are going to
get." Sally said.

"You haven't even had one yet," Maureen put in.

"Any ideas on how we can get away?" Maria asked. No one had. They discussed and
debated the situation until the medic came. One at a time he bade them bend over
the table while he injected the drug into their backside. The room wasn't large
and each had a close view of the doctor at work. It was too much for Mandy.
Although she was the largest of them, she fainted when she saw the needle go
into the first arse. With Maureen it was not the insertion of the needle that
was painful, it was the pressure of the medic's hand on her tortured flesh. 

They noticed the corporal had an erection just from watching them. "You must be
sex starved," Mandy laughed at him.

"Not for long now," came the reply.

Marching them in some semblance of order if not in step, 'Corp' as he was
immediately dubbed, took them to the mess and ordered them to assemble at the
door at 18:30. The hall was already crowded but the men very willingly made
spaces for them and soon they were the centre of attraction but the men must
have be warned not to touch until after kitting out for they made no overt
sexual moves.

"Okay ladies, get those clothes off," Corp ordered after he had marched them to
stores and they were safely inside. "Put everything inside the container with
your name on. Everything in there. All clothes, rings, jewellery, watches,
everything." They knew it was coming but even now some protested. Corp removed a
leather hand from inside his trousers. Grabbing Mandy who was the only one
wearing a skirt, pushed her over the counter and quickly laid half a dozen
strokes on her knicker covered bum. Mandy squealed and swore but it made no
difference. "Anyone else want to object?" Corp asked waving the hand around. At
first no one did but the Maureen whispered, "There are ten of us and three of
them. Corp and two store keepers. Let's rush them." It was over is seconds.
Three women to a man soon had the stores keepers and Corp tied up with clothing.

"Grab some of these combat suits so we aren't easily seen and we'll slip away."
They hadn't noticed the video camera rigged so the chief could record the ladies
undressing. They hadn't even got the combats suits on before they were
overwhelmed by soldiers. In front of them and assisted by them, they were made
to undress and fitted with their new clothes. The soldiers of course, made the
most of the fitting, by feeling breasts and cunts to make sure the clothing was
properly in place. Once done the ladies had to remove the clothing except for
shoes and socks. They emptied their purses. Maria and Sally both to their
embarrassment carried vibrators which caused some ribald joking. They were
allowed to keep only the purse, a comb and hairbrush. No money, no credit cards,
no phone, nothing.

"Pick up your clothes and form up outside in twos," Corp gave the order.

"We're naked!" one of the ladies squealed.

"If you're not careful, it will be shoes off too and you can march barefoot on
this rough ground. You're having an escort anyway." The soldiers formed two
lines, one on either side of the girls. "Now see if you girlies can keep in step
with the men. Start with the left. March! Left. Right. Left...." It was still a
ragged parade that arrived at the girls lockers. The men watched and assisted
them put the stuff away. Corp formed them up again and took them to the lounge
were he lined them along the bar.

Major Sutton stood in front. "So ladies, I have to admire your spirit if not
your expertise. An escape attempt after only a few hours. Shows spirit and I
have to admire that. Now we will have to see how much spirit you show under the
leather hand." Turning to the men in the lounge he went on, "Clear the tables."
In no time all bottles and glasses were cleared. The Major inspected them.
Barman pass a cloth so these tables can be wiped. We don't want to soil these
beauties with the dregs from drinks." Satisfied now as to their cleanliness
Major Sutton ordered the ladies to lie on their backs on the tables. Quickly two
soldiers held each in the required position. He issued leather hands to two
fellow officers, the Staff Sergeant and another sergeant and kept one himself.

"While I said I admired your spirit, such foolishness cannot go unpunished.
Ladies you will each get two dozen strokes." Maureen protested she had already
suffered enough and indeed her arse was very colourful and very very painful.
"Just think yourself lucky I don't add another dozen for that remark Maureen
O'Hare. All of you remember what I said earlier. You don't get second chances
here and we won't be soft with you. You're here to be toughened up."

To the sound of howling, screaming and swearing, the Major's team laid a dozen
strokes on the first five victims. Soldiers then vied amongst themselves to be
the first to stuff their cocks inside and have the first real fuck for some
time. Meanwhile the second lot of ladies had their first taste of the hand.

Semen dripping from their cunts, the first group had the second dozen strokes of
the hand. Maureen almost passed out when the 'Staff' started on her and went
completely under before he finished. It was her fourth dozen of the day. It
didn't matter to him she'd had been thrashed before. It was his duty to apply
the strokes to the best of his ability. When he'd finished and consciousness
began to return it was his prick that was steadily pumping its length inside
her.

"Keep mating them until 22:30 men and then Corporal take them to the showers and
allot them their beds for the night. Staff, I think you can forget their 23:00
hours bum warming just for tonight." Zipping up his flies, Major Sutton barked
the orders.

Corp formed the crying and barely able to stand girls, up into twos as ordered.
He allowed each pair to support each other. Sally had a particularly difficult
task in supporting Maureen. Her own arse screamed in agony when she tried to
stand. She had been raped or 'mated' as they euphemistically called it, eight
times in the bent up position but she knew her friend was in a far worse
condition. Several soldiers accompanied them on the short walk. They mainly
wanted to watch the girls shower but did assist in supporting them and in taking
off their footwear. Two soldiers removed their clothes and joined the ladies in
the showers but left Sally and Maureen alone. Corp lead them to the hot air
dryer and thence to the loos. None of the girls dared to sit. Sally asked two
men to hold Maureen as she couldn't support herself and she didn't feel she
could either.

The beds allocated were single beds but fortunately they had modern lightweight
thermal covers. Sally's bedmate crawled in naked alongside her. She hoped with
all the fucking he'd done earlier would mean he'd shot his bolt for the night
but the close proximity of naked woman flesh caused his cock to stiffen and he
rolled her painfully over and fucked her in the normal missionary position. From
the cries from other girls, she knew she wasn't the only one.




Chapter 5. Training



"Wakey, wakey! Rise and shine. You've hand your wank, I want mine. Up, up, up!
Ladies to have first use of the loos. Be in the gym in 15 minutes. Late comers
know what to expect as does the last arrival. You'll have chance to wash and
shower after gym. C platoon to go for breakfast at 06:30 and to report in full
kit to parade ground at 07:15. Other platoons normal duties." The loudspeakers
blared out their message. Sally got up. She was normally an early riser anyway
but last night she hadn't been able to sleep. Looking at Maureen's bed she saw
her stirring and went and helped her out of bed. Her arse looked really bad and
she could hardly stand. Some of the soldiers were getting up too. Sally ignored
their and her nakedness and apart from comments on the colour of their bottoms
the soldiers left them alone.

Maureen cried as she tried to move, "I can't do gym like this."

"You'd better try Maureen," her bed partner advised, "It's no good going to
complain to the M.O. They'll only make you do worse."

Sally half carried her to the loo, and helped her to put on the combat suit.
Together they hobbled to the gym just in time but were fortunately not last.
Sarah had that honour and received a couple of swats on her already tender arse.

"Ladies, I'm coach Czenczski, you just call me Coach. I know you are a bit sore
after the entertainment last night and most if not all of you haven't done any
physical exercise since you left school. You will find the exercises quite
demanding at first and probably painful but you will try and do them. I shall be
looking for effort however hard it may seem. All the exercises today are in this
gym so strip off down to your socks then form into two lines of five." The coach
seemed a young likable man and several of the ladies remembered him from the
'entertainment' and Mandy had spent the night in his bed.

Mandy felt she knew him well enough to ask, "Aren't you going to strip down too
Coach?"

"Yeah, maybe I should do that," he laughed as he peeled down his shorts and
pants to the whistles of the ladies. "I know how your arse muscles must hurt,"
he went on went the noise died, "And for starters they will hurt more but I hope
as they are worked you will be able to move a little better, unless of course,
you don't put the in 120 percent effort and get to feel the hand again." He
started them on bending and torso swinging exercises and kept them working at a
cracking pace. Maureen, hardly able to stand at first began to move a little
easier but at each jump her arse sent a jar of pain to her brain. She caught the
hand several times but realised Coach was not putting any real force behind it.
Some of the other ladies were not so lucky. Mandy caught a real cracker partly
because she was moving back as he struck with the hand. All were extremely tired
and sweaty by the time the session was over. Coach marched them to the wash room
and showered with them. Mandy wormed a fuck out of him in the shower in full
view of the others. Seeing this, two ablution cleaners whipped out their cocks
and bent Sally and another lady over the sinks and fucked them from behind. They
knew they were entitled to. It was part of the ladies training process.

By 08:00 the group were all seating themselves tentatively on bare backsides in
the mess room having the largest breakfast they'd had for a long while.
Afterwards Corp marched them to Medics where they were each given a large tube
of salve. "It has analgesic properties as well hardening the skin," the M.O.
told them. He had each of them in turn bend over a couch in full view of the
others and Corp while he examined their arses and ostensibly looked for any
signs of vaginal infection. "Corporal try and see this one isn't hit overly
hard," he ordered after examining Maureen, "I don't want to find the skin
broken."

"Very good Sir, but I'm not sure as the Staff Sergeant will take much notice."

"You're probably right and telling him might make his attitude worsen but see
what you can do. Ladies I suggest you work in pairs and put the salve on each
other. Jenny I would like to examine you further in my office so Corporal would
you mind putting the salve on the odd one?" Everyone guessed what the
examination would involve and it was confirmed a quarter of an hour later when
they re-emerged from the office. Jenny had salve on her arse and semen dribbling
from her vagina. Corp had also taken advantage of Maria. Watching the erotic
examination of the girls had made him very aroused and he took full advantage of
the opportunity.

After a short break, the girls had a lecture by a Dr. Kathrine Chappel who had
made a study of the Erliks in the short time they had been on the island and was
to try and impart some of her knowledge to the ladies. At first she was taken
aback by the sight of ten naked ladies sitting uncomfortably in front of her and
behind them a dozen or so soldiers who had decided to sit in on the lecture. "At
least they are sitting quietly," she thought, "Unlike most university students."
Quickly she overcome the uncomfortable feeling she had at the nudity in front of
her and decided to take the bull by the horns. "Ladies, I have never spoken to
an audience dressed as you are but I will try not to let if affect my talk. I'll
give you an outline of what we know about the Erliks and then you can ask any
questions. That's usually the most productive part of any lecture so don't be
shy. I will try and answer any of your questions honestly. From the little I
have been told of your mission, you need to know as much as possible about
them."

Kathrine gave her talk and seeing at the end the ladies were not comfortable on
the wooden seats gave them a chance to stand and walk around for five minutes.
It didn't please Staff who wanted to get it over with and didn't want anyone
being soft with his charges but he didn't have the authority to overrule her.

"Sorry, ladies. We had better get on. I know the antiquated wood chairs are hard
on your bums."

"My lap is soft," interjected one of the soldiers.

Kathrine laughed, "If the ladies would prefer a lap to sit on, whether softer
than a chair or not, I don't mind provided, and I will emphasise the word
'provided', you don't do anything to interfere with their concentration and
their questioning of my talk. They can sit but you keep your hands well away
from any erotic zones until I have finished. Understood?" A couple of the ladies
stood and went to a soldier and they were followed by all the others. The hard
chairs on sore arses were too much.

Marie opened the questioning, "You've shown us pictures of the male pricks with
a bone in them always pointing upwards. How do they piss?"

"Not through the penis like humans. They have another opening between the anus
and testicles. Just as well as they would piss in their own faces!" All the
audience laughed and this promoted many more questions, particularly on the
sexual habits of the Erliks. Kathrine was right, they did learn more from the
questions session that her talk.

Lunch was followed by their first self defence training session with a Chinese
instructor 'Wou' who they had not seen on the camp before. His english was poor
but he made up for it with signs and demonstrations. Soon all the girls had been
thrown each other on the mats many times, often of course, landing on their
bottoms which only added to the pain. Stiff buttock muscles also didn't help
them make the moves in the way Wou wanted or demonstrated. Wou didn't wield the
hand himself but each time any lady didn't perform to his view of her best, he
nodded to Corp who gave her one or more whacks to encourage a better performance
next time.

Wou didn't hesitate from using tender female parts in his self defence strategy.
His maxim which he explained in his broken english, was to get in fast, grab the
easiest bits in the most painful way and make your opponent helpless in the
quickest time possible. "Titties good handles. Hurt much. Grab, twist, hurt,
turn, throw." Generously endowed Jenny, immediately found her right tit held,
twisted painfully and when she tried to turn away was thrown on her back. She
lay there for a few seconds screaming. Each pair then had to try it. Only a few
girls ended on the floor.

"You too kind. You not twist and hurt nuff." Sally standing in front of him
could look down on the top of his head. Wou tried to demonstrate in slow motion
how the hands should grip and twist the breast to cause the most pain and then
where in the crotch to put the knee to cause the victim to overbalance. In
seconds Sally was on the mat screaming invective at him. Calmly Wou turned her
face down and nodded to Corp. "Seex." Corp laid the first on fairly lightly but
was admonished and had to apply another six with the dreaded hand.

"Pleeese to stand." Sobbing Sally got to her feet rubbing her arse and tit. Wou
threw her to the mat again using the other tit as a handle. "Pleeese to stand."
Very reluctantly Sally again got to her feet but before she could even compose
herself to stand steadily Wou used both hands to torture both breasts and flip
her head over heels. She lay groaning on the mat for only a few seconds before
Wou had inserted a thumb in her vagina and gripping a tit, forced her into a
helpless, painful curl. Releasing her, her spoke quietly, "You ladies must learn
this to save yourselves. You do it now. Any not do it hard enough, I show how.
You face enemy now, not friend." By the end of the session and Corp marched them
to the showers, all were crying pitifully. All had bruised tits. Wou had
demonstrated on most of them as well. All had felt the hand on their already
tender arses.

Lunch was a quiet affair. Half the soldiers were out on exercises. Maureen and
Sally as usual sat together, or rather knelt on the chairs to save their bums,
and were soon joined by two solders. John commented, "We can see you been with
Wou. He's one hellava tough instructor. We're not looking forward to later on
when we have to train with you. You can guess what bits he'll want to use as
handles!"

"I guess we aren't looking forward to it either. We've only been here a day and
we're covered with bruises and almost cannot sit even with salve on our arses.
We've been raped countless times and the prospect is more of the same."

"If our training is anything to go by," John went on, "It does get easier. It's
always tough, but after a while you cope better. Hope it is that way for you
two. How about letting us put salve on for you after we've eaten? When's your
next session?"

"Will you keep your cocks in your trousers?

"No, but you're fair game for fucking after you've eaten anyway. You might just
as well have a little fun with us as well."

After coffee was finished, John and Peter took them to their barrack room "Can
we make love rather than have a plain fuck?" Peter asked.

"That will make a change!" Maureen spoke up. The two men undressed and began
cuddling and kissing the ladies. Sally even became aroused and responded more
passionately to Peter's attentions. John had more difficulty in arousing Maureen
but in the end both were pushing their bodies towards the cocks as they thrust
in.

The first afternoon session was hand weapons training. Knife throwing and
archery. Maureen excelled at archery. Since school days she'd belonged to an
archery club and when the instructor had instructed them, she was able to score
higher than he and the last quarter of an hour was spent in a friendly
competition between them.

Staff took them for the last session. A grueling cross-country run. He was
forever behind them with the hand to urge them on. Two ladies dropped down and
just lay in the mud. They had no strength left and Maria and Jenny had to help
them and half carry them back.




Chapter 6. War is declared



April 29th, 2027.

"Hi, Martin."

"Hi, Penny. How you doing?"

"Fine, I think. Can we go over to encrypted speech. Don't know who is listening
in."

"I was going to ask you the same thing. Try code 27." Both pressed buttons on
their phones. For a moment the phone images went fuzzy and then cleared.

"You look as if you are out in the country, Martin."

"Yes, I'm walking the dog and being in the middle of a field there is less
chance of anyone listening in. Your news first though."

"Martin, I think I am pregnant and it can only be with an Erlik, either Cyril or
Jacob, most likely Jacob. Missed my period by nearly three weeks now."

"Do I congratulate or commiserate with you? Do you want an Erlik half breed?
What about a abortion.?"

"I really don't know yet Martin. Too busy to give it too much thought. I just
know it can't be a human baby as I haven't had any sex with anyone since you and
that was well over two months ago. What's your news."

"Several things that are highly confidential. I hear the new P.M. wants to meet
with you to arrange for a further lifting of the cushion. It gave them
confidence when it was lifted from the areas south or the Equator but the bulk
of the world is still without motor power and its giving Australia and South
America an unfair trade advantage."

"We'll have to see what John Lloyd can offer in return then. And it won't be on
his ground either after the last time. Anything else?"

"The Dutch want to send a delegation to see you. They couldn't seem to get hold
of you and I wouldn't pass on your private number. That might be worth pursuing.
Do you remember those news broadcasts we did last year on the new land
reclamation scheme and the new polder they were constructing? My grapevine
contacts think they may be offering you part of all of that in co-operation with
their growers."

"Sounds a useful lead, Martin. I'll consult Jacob but it could be one solution."

"Before we finish Penny, a warning, and this his top secret stuff. I hear the
Special Operations Force has recruited a number of housewives and are training
them as spies. So be on the look out for new women on the island. There is a
complete security news blanket on this but a few irate husbands have protested
about the way their wives were conscripted and taken from them. One of them had
a cell phone message his wife managed to get out and she was being continually
thrashed with a leather hand to simulate the beatings the Erliks give their
wives and was being repeatedly raped by the soldiers. No others seemed to have
had any contact with their wives. They are being put through a fast-track
S.O.F.T. programme so you can guess what that means. You've seen the reports of
previous S.O.F. operations. Got to go now. Another dog walker coming but that
may just be a cover. They seem to be keeping an eye on me. Bye."

"Bye Martin and thanks. Hope we can meet again soon."

Penny went and reported to Jacob. Her voice box was becoming used to producing
the guttural sounds so she could converse and when she dared, could argue with
him much easier than earlier. She showed him on a map the new polder now nearly
completed that almost completely filled the area between the Fresian Islands and
the mainland. Once completely drained and the salt washed out, it would be
fertile soil. Jacob passed on the warning about the female spies to all his
under commanders and gave them instructions to bring any fresh females found
directly to him.

"Jacob, I think I am pregnant with your child." Jacob hugged her and gave her
bum a couple of friendly yet hard smacks. It seemed he was pleased. Immediately
as if to show his pleasure, he thrust his cock inside her and gave her vigorous
mating. Laura who was in the room at the time but hadn't understood what was
said, just watched somewhat enviously. She had begun to enjoy the sessions with
Jacob's large bony prick. Minutes after completely his coupling with Penny,
Laura too had her wish and was being filled with Erlik sperm.

"I think I'm pregnant, Laura. I think I'm having Jacob's baby?" Penny spoke in
english.

"Oh my God! I might get pregnant too then." Laura answered, "I haven't been able
to take my pills since they came but I didn't worry because I thought we
wouldn't be compatible."

"Well my period's three weeks overdue." Penny turned to Jacob and speaking in
his language asked, "Why were there no young children in the group you brought?
And are the female Erliks now pregnant?"

Jacob's eyes showed obvious signs of sadness and his voice betrayed some emotion
as he answered, "All our children were together learning life skills. The
asteroid hit right where they were training. None survived. The whole area for
hundreds of your kilometres was destroyed. Only those of us who were away on an
expedition survived. Luckily for us the Pterodens were tracking the asteroid and
saved us. They radiated the women so they wouldn't become pregnant on the
journey and it will be some earth months before they may be fertile again. In
any case it takes a lot to impregnate an Erlik female. Thus we have to do it
many times and even on our own planet, at most they would only conceive three
times. Our population doesn't grow very fast."

"It will if you impregnate humans and they conceive as I think I have!"



May 1st, 2027.

"Miss Penny Leggorn? The is Jan van Sleitsweijk, I'm the Agriculture Minister
for The Netherlands."

"Pleased to hear from you Mr. Sleeit......?"

"Please call me Jan, my surname is almost unpronounceable in your tongue. May I
call you Penny?" On hearing the affirmative he went on. "You may have heard of
the new Frieslander polder. We would like to discus the settling of the Erliks
on it if the suppression cushion can be lifted. Would you be agreeable to meet a
delegation to discus this. At the moment it is being kept very quiet here so
don't announce it to the world."

"Where, when and how many, Jan?" asked Penny.

"We thought eight people, myself and other senior staff from the ministry and
representatives from the farmers. It would have to be on your island I think,
especially after what happened when you met with the British P.M. and as soon as
possible. We would have to sail there so timing might depend on weather and
wind. I could have the delegation ready to leave in the morning."

"I will have to consult with Jacob, but I think he will agree to six coming and
it would be better if you and a farmer rep and four actual farmers came. We
would not expect them armed and we would take great care to ensure their safety.
Actually despite what has been said, the Erliks are peaceful people except when
they need to defend their territory. Can I ask my friend Martin and two of his
film crew along? I can trust them and they will not film anything I say no to."

I didn't want this publicised for the time being," Jan stated.

"Well it is already known about to the press. I heard you might call two days
ago so if we just have one film crew it will be easier to control that crews
world wide." It was agreed. Penny then went on to explain that conditions on the
island were pretty primitive and they would no doubt witness things they
wouldn't normally see particularly the way the Erliks treated their females.
After further conversation as to what each might expect in return Jan agreed to
keep in touch and to make as firm a date for their arrival as conditions would
allow.

*****

"Penny, it's Martin. Watch the 1 o'clock news. The P.M.'s doing a broadcast and
it involves you."

"Good afternoon Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your new Prime Minister, John
Lloyd, speaking.

The cabinet and I met this morning with the Chief of the Armed Forces to decide
on a policy to combat the continuing threat to our livelihoods and the British
economy caused by the Erlik invasion. We have decided to declare war on them and
to eliminate every single one from our planet. We believe that once the Isle of
Wight is again under our control, we will be able to turn off the transmitter
that sends the signals governing the suppression cushion. To that end we are
mustering sufficient of our forces to make a devastating landing on the island
and recapture it.

However, this will not be necessary if the erstwhile newsreader, Penny Leggorn,
uses her influence to restore the world to its proper function and to
voluntarily intern all the Erliks. As you know all the southern hemisphere is
now free of the cushion supposedly done at her request. Yet she, a British
citizen, has not seen fit to lift it from us. Her feelings seem to lie with the
creatures and from the pictures we saw of her when she came to negotiate with my
predecessor, we can surely guess at her feelings for them." The broadcast was
illustrated with a picture of a near naked Penny standing close alongside Jacob
with his erect penis in full view."

"To save the bloodshed of our great British soldiers and sailors, I am giving
her 48 hours to lift the cushion and surrender the Erliks. After that she will
held as a traitor and when we capture her, she will be tried and sentenced
according to the full force of our emergency laws.

Due to the ongoing transport problems it may take a few days to get all our
forces in position but, as in the days of old, our men are prepared to march
into battle and are at this very moment being trained in the arts of hand
warfare.

My staff and I are confident in their ability to decisively rout this enemy on
our land and rid us of the pestilence that has plagued us for over a month now
and caused the loss of so many lives world wide." The broadcast ended with
patriotic music.

"Martin can you put me on air?"

"Sorry, Penny. I'd love to but as far as the government is concerned they are
making you public enemy No. 1. You are being blamed for the whole thing and we
are being forbidden to allow you to speak. They have to have someone to blame.
You are it. I know, as anyone who has seriously followed this whole thing will
know, you have done your best for both us and the Erliks but the misinformation
now being sent out, is showing you as the key Miss Baddy. I'll do what I can but
the bosses above will surely overrule me."

"Okay Martin, I understand. I think I can find a way round the embargo."

Minutes later and she still didn't know how she was on the space ship discussing
the situation with Steirnon. She was regularly in contact with him but it was
some time since she had been with him on the space ship. Steirnon agreed to
interrupt world wide TV transmissions again so she could put the Erliks
viewpoint and correct the lies John Lloyd was perpetrating. By now many stations
throughout the world had rebroadcast the prime ministers speech and reactions
were beginning to come in. Some for killing off all the Erliks, others wondering
if that would not make the situation worse and cause the full suppression
cushion to be applied again.

2 p.m. May 1st, 2027.

Penny appeared once again naked on world wide TV. Nudity now had become almost
second nature to her and caused little embarrassment. Her reason this time was
to show there were no wires or anything holding her in suspension.

"You all should know me by now, I'm Penny Leggorn and once again I am on the
Pteroden space ship. This time I am free to float in zero gravity to part prove
at least that I am not on Earth. Earth is somewhere out there." Penny pointed at
the stars seen through the space ship windows. "Which one is Earth, Steirnon?"
An iridescent scaly hand took hold of her arm and guided her to a window. The
cameraman followed behind and viewers got a good look at Penny's still reddened
arse and for the first time a full view of the Pteroden. Steirnon turned a dial
and the space ship moved round a little. He pointed to a speck and then zoomed
in until Penny could just make out the earth and the moon.

"I cannot tell you how I travel here in such a short space of time but I am a
long way from Earth. The Pterodens are far more advanced technologically that we
are. It is from here the suppression cushion is governed. Earlier in a polished
and well rehearsed and recorded speech, Prime Minister Lloyd, told you that once
the Isle of Wight was captured he would turn off the cushion. This is a totally
live and unrehearsed answer. On the Isle of Wight he will be a million miles or
more away from the transmitter and harming the Erliks will only anger Steirnon
who has pledged himself to help them. I know that he unwittingly caused the
death of thousands of lives by not knowing of our culture but he did, through
me, send out warnings. Warnings which were largely ignored."

"Tell them if the Erliks are harmed the whole world will again be blanketed."
The Pteroden's high pitched and synthesized voice came through.

"I think you should have heard that. If Prime Minister Lloyd invades the island,
the whole world once again will be under the suppression cushion. He is quite
wrong in believing I am the key to this. I have access to Steirnon but can only
ask, or request an action. He will assess the situation as he sees it and is
very cautious about how much of the World he uncovers at a time. I did persuade
him to uncover the southern hemisphere and now we have uncovered to the Tropic
of Capricorn and this is advancing at a rate of two degrees of latitude a day
but I know he intends to stop completely at latitude 50 unless permanent
provision is made for the Erliks. Thus many of the major towns and countries
will still not have proper forms of transport or the use of normal weapons."
Penny gave an unwanted push on a counter and went sailing across the room. The
cameraman was caught unawares and had to pan quickly to get her into view.

"Sorry, I haven't the Pteroden's claws to hold on to the floor." Steirnon again
came to her rescue and seated himself in a chair with Penny on his lap. "No
doubt Prime Minister Lloyd will see this as my sexual love of animals as he
implied in his broadcast. I will tell you now, yes I am beginning to love Jacob,
although he does treat me rather harshly at times. But that is the instinct of
male Erliks. I can also tell you that I believe I am pregnant by him so yes I do
have a very great interest in their well being. But I also have a great interest
in the humans on planet Earth. I do not want them to suffer because of the
Erliks. There is no reason why both cannot live together and benefit from each
others knowledge. I have seen what the Erliks do with plants. With simple tools
and simple methods they get results far quicker than the high tech equipment we
tend to use.

I think I had better end with the warning again and I suggest all heads of
governments do their utmost to dissuade Lloyd from going ahead with his planned
attack. If he kills all the Erliks and all the humans like me that are carrying
their children, it will so anger Steirnon here that the cushion will never ever
be lifted. You will have to live as if in the dark ages.

I am sorry this is not the polished broadcast like I used to give. No make up,
no clothes, no rehearsal. Just plain talking and truthful information. If you
wish to avert another April 1st disaster, you had better believe it this time
and stop the folly of Prime Minister Lloyd's foolish invasion."

The Pteroden using the camera, signalled he had switched off and left. Penny
turned and clasped Steirnon around the neck and gave him a hug. She liked the
feel of his silky smooth scales against her bare skin. Steirnon clasped her too
and it wasn't many seconds before she felt his organ begin to evert. Placing her
cunt over the end, Penny allowed the penis to grow inside her and then to begin
its unusual pumping action. Their bodies still in tight embrace, the prick
pulsated back and forth sending wave after wave of pleasure through her until it
sent forth its hot seed into her womb.

Reluctantly she unwound herself from his arms and kissed the side of his face.
"I must visit you more often," she said, "But now I ought to go back."




Chapter 7. The delegation



May 4th, 2027 Noon.

The sleek blue yacht of the Royal Dutch Yacht Squadron sailed into Ryde harbour.
Sailors in quaint old fashioned uniforms lined the decks as the vessel picked up
one of the many vacant moorings. Soon a gig was lowered and rowed ashore. "Very
impressive," thought Penny, "Just like in the old films." Indeed the yacht was
normally kept for training and ceremonial purposes but in these days when there
was no motor power, it was a valuable means of travel.

Penny, dressed in a simple suit, welcomed the delegation and introduced Jacob
and two of the higher ranking Erliks. It was well she had advised Jan against
hand shaking. The Erlik grip could have broken bones in the cultured effeminate
hand of his second in command. Penny was surprised when he introduced Ms. Yvette
Baddedekke as the farmers union representative. For some reason, even in this
age of equal opportunities, she hadn't anticipated a woman. At around forty
years old she was attractive enough but seemed overly efficient and very
demanding. All the party seemed a little unsteady on their legs when they first
came ashore, Yvette grumbled as she stumbled on the causeway, "It isn't the
Bols! We've been at sea three days and I am only just getting used to the
swaying of the boat. Until this trip I have been a landlubber." Her english was
excellent but with a slight accent. One of the sailors passed a large hold-all
on to the causeway. "Yvette turned to him, "Carry that to the house for me."

"I'm sorry Yvette, the sailors aren't allowed ashore," Penny stated, "It's very
much a do-it-yourself service here. You were warned."

Per, one of the farmers, took a handle and helped her. Penny noted the look on
Jacob's face and thought to remind the men of their superior position in this
society at the earliest opportunity.

They made their way to the house. "You can stay here in the house if you wish
although you may find it more comfortable on your boat," Penny told her. "The
facilities here though are not like a hotel. It's a family unit with us 'wives'
doing the work so don't expect much in the way of room service." Penny was in
two minds whether she wanted them to stay in the house or not. She desperately
wanted some fresh people to talk to but didn't have the time for all the
catering needs guests tended to expect.

"I'd just want to get away from the sound of water and feeling queasy all the
time even if it is only for one night," Yvette remarked.

"There is something else, Yvette. I may not be able to control the urges the
Erliks have for women. Tonight the two other Erlik males will stay in the house
with us and they have only brought part of their family unit. I am sure you have
heard of their sexual needs and have been told you may see things not considered
nice in our society. I will try and protect you when I can but my influence in
their sex life is minimal."

"I had been warned of that but being brought up on a farm, I have seen the ways
of animals from childhood and it doesn't bother me."

Penny bristled at the word animals when referring to the Erliks. "First of all,
Yvette, the Erliks are not animals. They are intelligent beings in a different
body to ours. Secondly, it may be that you will be involved and not as an
onlooker. I suggest you either return to the yacht tonight or you sleep with one
of the men from your delegation. The Erliks will then believe you are part of
his family unit and should leave you alone."

"I do not sleep with men," Yvette replied sharply and the way she said it gave
Penny to believe she was a lesbian. "I can take care of myself."

"Okay, you can have a room on your own, but don't say I didn't warn you. You may
well not be sleeping in it" She asked Jackie, who was waiting nearby to prepare
a room for Yvette.

Jackie looked surprised. "Is she going to be alone in a room Penny?" When Penny
nodded, Jackie went on, "Doesn't she know the risks?"

Hearing the conversation made Yvette more determined not to go give in and
return to the boat. "I can take care of myself," she repeated but somehow her
voice didn't seem as confident this time.

Negotiations started late afternoon and were very business like. There were
several problems, One was the Dutch farmers not wanting to lose a large chunk of
the new land. Another was that the large pumps removing the water from the newly
enclosed land couldn't run. The electric pumps now in use were barely coping and
it would take a long while before the land could be ready. Penny knew also
Steirnon wouldn't allow the Erliks not to have the protection of the cushion and
the cushion had to be more or less circular. Most of the discussions at the
first session were concerned with each of the six of the delegates outlining
their positions and Jacob and Penny trying to see how they could fit in. Their
main bargaining counter was the world-wide lifting of the cushion. Jan ably
chaired the meeting and kept the meeting fairly amicable apart from Yvette who
seemed determined to be obstructive. An hour before dinner, Jan closed the
meeting and suggested every one took a break from discussing it until the
morning and then come to the meeting with any fresh ideas. It had been agreed in
principle to give the Erliks the larger or part of the larger of the two
interconnected polders in return for the lifting of the cushion. The debate
centred on just how much of the polder they would need or should have and the
problem that the polder was long and narrow and any circular cushion over it
would cover part of mainland Holland as well as the outer islands and it would
also affect the fishing boats in the area.

Jacob sent Penny to help in the kitchen and even suggested the Dutch men should
send Yvette to help as well. It caused hilarity amongst the men and indignation
from Yvette. The men had heard enough of her complaining for the whole voyage
about the cramped conditions on the boat, the motion, her sickness, the noise,
the way the men behaved, the way the sailors looked at her. In fact there was
little she hadn't complained about. They really wished she hadn't been allowed
to come but she was president of the farmers union and had a good negotiating
background. Jan in the interest of good relations, firmly suggested it would be
wise for her to at least show her face in the kitchen even if she only stood
around and didn't do anything. For once Yvette decided to concur and stood in
the doorway watching. Sharon and an Erlik female 'Grootzen' or at least that was
as near as they could pronounce it, seemed to be in charge. Grootzen
concentrated on keeping her group working and Sharon the humans and yet they
both seemed able to key together and over the last few weeks had learned
techniques from each other. In the kitchen Penny was little more than a
labourer.

Martin interrupted her work when he phoned to apologise for not getting to see
her. "We've been totally banned from talking to you and broadcasting anything
about you. I'm risking a lot by phoning. Your telecast from space really riled
the P.M. It made him seem like a fool not to know where the transmitter was. He
is under a lot of pressure particularly from the southern hemisphere countries
to negotiate with you. How's it going with the Dutchmen?"

"Fine, but slow as well you might expect. There are possibilities for an
agreement but it won't happen today. Got to go now. Talk to you when I can."

"Yvette, would you like to cut up these carrots please," Sharon asked.

"No I would not like to cut up carrots. I would do it if the men were here
helping too instead of sitting in easy chairs and talking."

Grootzen didn't understand the words but could see by Yvette's stance and manner
she wasn't going to help and asked Penny why and when told left the room.
Moments later she returned followed by Murnst, who was in charge of the Erlik
fighting men. He was known to be particularly hard on his women and the one
human female he had, needed doctor's attention.

"Grootzen why did you tell Murnst and not Jacob?" Penny asked.

"She need to learn to help," was all she got out of the Erlik. Penny secretly
agreed but wondered how she could diffuse the situation without making Murnst
even more aggressive.

Penny begged Murnst to be careful with her. "She is important to your cause. If
she goes back injured you may never get the land you need."

"I not injure her or you, but she will have a very sore arse."

"What's going on? What is he saying? Are you going to let him hurt me?" Now
Yvette's bravery was gone and panic was setting in. She tried to edge to the
door but didn't allow for Murnst's prehensile tail. It wrapped around her right
ankle and before she realised what was happening, she was carried squealing out
to the lounge. Penny followed discreetly. She knew if she tormented Murnst her
arse would receive a good hiding too.

Jan stood and asked what was happening. Penny told him, Yvette had been
unwilling to help in the kitchen and was rude to the girls there. Grootzen had
complained and Murnst was going to punish Yvette in the only way they knew, by
giving her a hard spanking.

"Can't you ask him not to?"

"I already have. But I am a woman and it is not my place to tell him what to do.
Jacob might ask but I doubt he will undermine the authority of his fellow."
Jacob nodded. "What you will see may or may not offend you but it will give you
an insight into the ways of these people. Please do not try and interfere, you
will only make things worse for Yvette. I have been spanked as you know many
times and it does hurt like hell but she will get over it at least physically."

By now Murnst had sat down and was in the process of baring Yvette's bottom.
Several buttons popped before he found how her trousers came down. Soon she was
on her back across his knees, her legs wrapped by his tail around her head. Her
arse and cunt were open for all to see. Still she struggled. Some of the Dutch
farmers were trying to conceal erections and none made a move to help the
captured woman. To them it was a pay-back for being a real bitch on the voyage.

"Aren't any of you going to help me?" screamed Yvette.

Penny spoke. "Jan, I know this may sound cruel, but trying to help or free her
will be the worst thing you could do. She came on Erlik soil and wasn't prepared
to conform to Erlik rules. She could have easily made a little effort to cut
vegetables but no, she had to spout forth her views on male dominance and
expected everyone else to work." Turning to Yvette just as the first hard slap
landed on her arse she said, "Lie still and take it. Scream as much as you like
but lie still. The more you struggle the more you will get."

Yvette came out with what seemed like a stream of invective in her own language
then went on, "Tell that hairy bastard to leave me alone!" Murnst's chip
translated it. He was visibly angered. Blows now rained on Yvette's arse hard
and fast. Her flesh turned red, then purple. Jan appealed again to Penny who
asked Jacob to try and get Murnst to stop but it was some minutes, painful
minutes, before he did suggest to his friend it was about all the human woman
could take. Murnst simply stopped, picked Yvette up and placed her on the table,
stuffed his large cock inside her cunt and rammed back and forth until he
spurted his seed. Still with his cock embedded inside her, Murnst carried Yvette
to a chair and sat down. She remained there for five minutes until Murnst's cock
began to lose its thickness. Wiping his cock on her luxurious growth of pubic
hair, he said in slow english, "Go help in kitchen. We need to eat soon." For a
few moments Yvette didn't move. Penny asked Grootzen and another Erlik woman to
help her up. They were much stronger than she. Sobbing hysterically, Yvette was
taken into the kitchen and stood against the table. They allowed her to rub her
very sore rear for a few minutes before placing a knife in her hands and a pile
of spring onions in front of her.

Half an hour later, they served dinner to the men. Penny and all the other girls
undressed to their socks and she insisted Yvette did the same. Yvette again
refused. "Listen Yvette, either you do as you are told or I will ask Grootzen to
take your clothes off for you. If they do, you would not be able to wear them
again. If I don't do this, then we all could feel the wrath of Murnst or Jacob.
Your friends have already seen more of you than you might have wished so why
worry about the rest. We know you are too sore to do much, but you must make an
effort." Sharon and Laura helped her undress.

The table was set with the men all at one end and places for the women at the
other. All the food dishes were placed in front of the men and when they had
served themselves, the dishes were passed to the ladies. There was plenty for
all but the men always had first choice. Yvette was still sobbing and refused to
eat. Penny whispered to her, "Try and be quiet and try to eat."

"That's easy for you to say, you bitch. You haven't just had your bottom
thrashed!" Yvette's voice was raised. Murnst looked in her direction.

"I know very well how you feel. I also know you will get another dose if you
disturb them much more. Keep your voice down and pretend to eat." Penny hissed
at her. Jackie, sitting on the other side of Yvette confirmed Penny's comments.
For once Yvette decided to heed the advice.

In a quiet moment after the meal when the dishes had been cleared and the Erliks
were all mating with one of their wives, Jan asked if anything could be done
about Yvette. "I know she was a real bitch on the voyage and she is not the most
cooperative woman but I think she has had enough punishment and I am wondering
how it will affect her ability to negotiate in the morning."

"Well we've all told her to acquiesce to Murnst. He has in his mind taken her
into his unit. I know your hands were tied about bringing her but it wasn't wise
to bring a woman like her here. She's a very dominant person and will not take
kindly to subservience. However, I suspect that by morning she will be quieter.
I am certain she will be raped by Murnst several more times during the night.
None of us can stop that now. Murnst has taken her into his group. Once we get
around the table for talks she will have some status like me. Your group will
have to demand she be allowed to speak and be returned to your negotiating unit.
However, she like me, will be at their service at all times. For as long as you
stay here and the outcome of this is more important to the whole world than the
feelings of one woman. Much depends on her resistance." Jan just nodded.

Penny went on, "Jan? You and the others in your group may well be offered one or
more women for the night. Don't let any of them refuse to accept. If you get a
female Erlik, make sure they mate with her. If its a woman, they have a choice
but the woman must at least pretend they had sex with the man. Don't offend them
by refusing."

It happened more or less as Penny thought. Yvette spent the night with Murnst
and was forced to accept his cock in her three more times. He had two Erlik
females twice during the night. She was woken early from a fitful sleep by the
two and after being allowed to wash and piss, was taken naked to the kitchen to
prepare breakfast. Penny and the others were already there. Grootzen was having
her fur brushed by another Erlik woman and when she had finished Penny asked her
to brush Yvette's hair. Yvette started to protest that she could do it herself
but the female, not knowing what was being said, simple put her tail around
Yvette's arms, pinioning them to her breasts and proceeded to clear the tangles
from her hair. After that she was much more subdued and although moving hurt her
she did make some effort to help with the breakfast.




Chapter 8. The spy mission



May 6th 2027

"Maureen O'Hare and Sally Machin you have been selected for the first mission
into Erlik territory," Major Sutton announced. "Your training isn't as complete
as we would have liked but things are moving fast on the island. We know the
Dutch group is still there but not what is being planned. We feel they may be
doing a deal that is against the interests of this country and to the benefit of
their own. For the rest of today you two are suspended from normal training
routines and will be attending briefings ready for a possible landing tonight.
Dismissed."

Their training had been tough especially for the first week. They were made to
work harder than they ever thought possible, their arses were continuously sore
from the leather hand and their vaginas from being fucked many times a day.
However, possibly because the flesh became inured to the pain, life had become a
little more tolerable. Moreover because of the self-defense training, they had
become much more confident in their ability to take care of themselves.

It wasn't really surprising Maureen and Sally had been selected. They were firm
friends and with Maureen's skill with a bow and now knives and Sally's self
defense skills they made a very good team. Unbeknown to them, it was
anticipated, indeed it was expected, they would quickly be captured and it was
then they would be of most use to the government. A choker with a microphone in
the form of a crucifix was firmly affixed around their necks. The device
transmitted directly to an information centre in Southampton and thence to the
national information headquarters.

"Surely they'll call it off in this weather," Sally stated as they sat huddled
in the lee of a boat at Lymington. "It's more like winter than May." The weather
was unseasonably cold and now it was blowing force 5 and raining.

Pete, one of the S.O.F. soldiers was sitting alongside. He was to take them to a
quiet creek he knew near Yarmouth on the island. "They'll only call if off if
there is a chance the boat won't make it in the sea and with this northerly
wind, we should be okay. They will argue that it would be better to go in
weather like this when visibility is low as they are less likely to spot us."

Five hours later, soaked to the skin they peered over the bank and tried to make
out the lie of the land in the gloom. Everything appeared quiet. They were alone
as Pete had sailed the boat back to Lymington. Maureen pointed to a motor boat
tied a little way along the shore. It was useless to the owner as the engine
would no longer work but it would provide shelter for the pair and perhaps give
them chance to dry out and rest. S.O.F. had provided them with some equipment
including a large Bowie knife and a gemmy. They used the latter to prise off the
lock. Inside the vessel was well appointed. Soft beds with duvets, water and
toilet. They also found items of tinned food. First though all they wanted was
to get dry, get warm and get some sleep. Without any hesitation they both
stripped off and climbed under the duvet together. Maureen pulled Sally close to
her bosom until their breasts flattened against each other. She kissed her
friend and lay back. Both were too tired to worry about anything more. "At least
Staff won't be around to warm our arses tonight," whispered Maureen as they
drifted into sleep.

Sun gleamed fitfully through the portholes before they awoke. Sally carefully
looked out. "There's an Erlik on patrol," she announced. He passed by without
stopping. Their clothes were still wet, so Maureen suggested they open a tin of
fruit salad to save their emergency rations and then wait for nightfall before
moving.

"And what will we do all day?" asked Sally, laughter in her voice.

"I hate to say this Sal, but I am already missing all the cocks we had access
to. Maybe we should relieve each other."

"You Lezzie you! But I have to agree. I'm horny too so we might as well make the
most of our time." Again they went under the duvet but this time with no thought
of sleeping. Sally suckled Maureen's breasts and then concentrated on her
vaginal area. Soon both were slurping at each other's cunts and mewling as they
reached a climax.

"I hope you boys in the information centre didn't come in your pants," Maureen
said quite loudly as she fingered the crucifix, "I can see now why you didn't
put and on/off switch on this thing."

Dusk came and they decided to move. "It's quite a long walk to Ryde especially
if we have to keep stopping and hiding. Let's see if we can find a dinghy or
something and go by water." A mile along the waterway, they found a rowing boat
but no oars. Sally pointed to a nearby shed. "Maybe in there." Again it wasn't
difficult to gain entrance and find what they wanted. The oars were longer than
the ones for the boat but they couldn't be too choosy. Both were glad of their
newly found muscles when they had to lift the dinghy down to the water. They
daren't slide it because of the noise. The tide was flowing in the right
direction but the water was a long way out so it took some time to reach it but
once there they were able to row quietly away from the shore and make their way
along the Solent.

Rvwn returning from his patrol was puzzled when he arrived at where the dinghy
should have been. There were marks in the grass where it had sat but no boat.
Dawn was just breaking and his night vision eyes could see clearly the
impression. He looked seaward but could see nothing. Looking landward he noticed
the shed lock just hanging in place. Remembering he was supposed to keep a
special watch for human females than might be coming to spy on them he decided
he'd best get back quickly to his command post. Taking great looping strides he
hurried to his commander and explained to him. Hearing his story the commander
picked up a cell phone. Although he didn't trust the things, Penny had shown him
how to use it and he hit key 1. Murnst fumbled with the instrument before
answering and then reported to Jacob. Penny overheard.

"They probably think the quickest way here is by water," she deduced. "Murnst,"
she went on, "I know I am only a woman, but I am a human woman and think like
them. If I were them, I would hide in the boat during the day and then carry on
when it got dark. I would guess they want to get to this place to find out what
is going on so I humbly suggest your men be particularly vigilant around here
later on."

Murnst grunted but accepted what she said. The group returned to their business
around the table. Good progress had been made but there were several points not
yet resolved. At least now Yvette wasn't being obstructive. One of the biggest
problems was the area to be covered by the cushion to protect the Erliks. For a
circle to cover the elongated area of the polder, the overlap on the mainland
and sea would not be acceptable. In the end Per came up with the answer when he
asked, "Can Steirnon produce two smaller circles and have them overlap to more
or less cover the area?"

Penny consulted Steirnon and he agreed it was no problem but before he did
anything he wanted to consult Penny personally to find out all that was being
agreed. "When we come to a full agreement, Steirnon, I will come to you and
explain it. So far it seems nearly ideal for the Erliks."

The Dutch farmers thought it could help them too if the Erliks agreed to share
their skills. All had been most impressed by the plant growth the Erliks had
shown them on the previous day. Largely it seemed based on plant companionship.
Plants that grew better when planted side by side.

*****

Four Erliks threw the two bedraggled, mud covered women into the room. A bag
containing their equipment followed. Their plan might have worked had not the
weather once again turned against them. All day they had spent in an open boat
tied alongside a large ship they couldn't climb aboard. Mid afternoon, the
weather once again turned showery wet and windy. Soon they were soaked and cold.
At dusk they started off again but were barely in sight of Ryde when they were
spotted. Unfortunately in their efforts to get away Maureen lost an oar, and the
wind blew them on to the mud where the Erliks quickly captured them.

Jacob asked two Erlik women to strip and wash them. He had no liking for the
smell of the sea shore. When they were brought back naked he allowed Penny to
interview them. "So what's your story?" she asked.

Sally started to give the story they'd concocted. They didn't want to walk the
road from Gosport to Portsmouth so they'd decided to row across but the wind had
taken them away from the mainland and pushed them here.

"Bullshit!" Penny unusually used an expletive. "Two innocent ladies, just
happening to be travelling with a portable bow, large knives and various other
unusual items. Two innocent ladies standing in front of a group of men naked and
not blushing, not even trying to cover themselves. I think that is odd, don't
you?" Maureen and Sally just stood. "Two ladies wearing similar chokers, each it
seems permanently fixed or fixed so the Erlik ladies couldn't take them off.
Strange. Names ladies, please. Your real ones not something made up.

"Rachel Harding." "Alison Mitchell."

"Try again Ladies, you don't seem to be on my list."

Jacob interrupted with an instruction to two of the Erliks that had brought them
in. Quickly they were on their backs over the Erliks lap. Both Sally and Maureen
now knew they were going to get the real thing, not the leather hand.

"Whap! Whap! Whap! The Erlik hand hurt at least as much as the false one but
they knew to keep still and didn't do more than whimper as they received a full
dozen. Penny could see the Erliks were expecting to mate with them as well so
she waited. Both women were turned and placed on their hands and knees and raped
doggie style. They really could feel the difference this time between the
soldiers cocks and the Erliks. Again their training and the large dildoes
allowed them to take the Erliks with comparative ease.

The Dutch group including the naked Yvette looked on. Several sported erections
even though they'd made use of the Erlik females that had been provided.

Penny retrieved a pair of wire cutters from the girl's kit and asked one of the
Erliks to cut the chokers free. She explained to the Erliks in their own
language what they were and what they did and then spoke in english, "To all of
you listening, tell John Lloyd not to do anything rash. Tell him I am not his
public enemy No. 1 and am working to free the world of the suppression cushion.
However this invasion has put the time scale back. Had he cooperated and
negotiated properly instead of underhand workings and deceit we may well have
been able to free England but I am sure Steirnon will not agree to it now, or
not until the Erliks are settled permanently." Turning to Jacob she asked him to
get one of the Erlik guards to throw the chokers as far into the Solent as
possible.

"No one is listening now except us. We know you are part of S.O.F.T. so for
starters tell us your real names."

"Maureen O'Hare" "Sally Machin."

"Well Maureen and Sally I would think your training has been thorough enough for
you to know what to expect while you are here. Have you families on the
mainland?" Both nodded. "And I expect your training was so secret you've had no
contact with them for while?" Tears flowed as they thought of their children and
husbands. "Later, I will try and let you phone them. No promises but if I get
the whole story from you, then I will see what I can do to save your hides a
little." Penny turned to Jacob and spoke in erlik. Returning to the two women.
"Jacob has agreed to have you in his family unit. I guess you know what that
means?"

"Yeah," answered Maureen, "We get beaten and raped by him, just like at camp!"

"At least you are prepared for it and didn't have too much bother earlier. I
could ask for you to be transferred to Murnst's soldier camp if you want
something rougher." The two women shook their heads. "Well then tell us how you
were recruited and what you've been up to these last few weeks."

May 8th 2027

Agreement in principle had been reached by midday and the government of The
Netherlands had authorised a go ahead provided the suppression cushion was
lifted except for the area that was still needed to protect the Erliks on the
Isle of Wight. Penny had to explain it all in detail personally to Steirnon. She
guessed why it was to be personal as he had be kept informed all the way
through. Martin phoned from Gosport. He had ignored his bosses and brought a
cameraman down to the port. "Try and get to Ryde as soon as you can. I'll
arrange for you to be met here. With any luck I'm going to do another space
broadcast in the next hour or so and if you can get here you may be able to meet
and film the people involved."

*****

"Once again you are forced to see me in the naked flesh. The British government
will not allow me access to their news system and indeed I fear I am still enemy
No. 1 as far as John Lloyd is concerned.

For the rest of you I have good news. We have reached an agreement with the
authorities of The Netherlands for the Erliks to live on the major part of the
new Freisland Polder when it is ready in a few months time. Until then they will
continue to occupy the Isle of Wight. Once the Erliks are safely transferred to
their new home, the only remaining part of the suppression cushion will be over
their polder and a very few miles around it. However, until then, I have
negotiated the total lifting of the cushion except for a hundred and twenty
kilometre radius circle centred on Guildford in Surrey. The cushion will cover
the Isle of Wight and will also restrict access from London which will remain
fully under the cushion. The channel port of Dover will be free as will the west
country and northern ports. This should enable supplies to get through. I am
going to have the honour of operating the controls to reduce the cushion in a
few minutes.

Further lifting of the cushion may be possible but only after we, Steirnon and
I, feel we can trust the British government not to act in any way harmful to the
Erliks. Two of their spies have already been captured and for their own safety
are being held on the island. We know others are in training.

Now if I move over...... Whoops!" Penny flew across the room. "Sorry, I'm not
used to this zero gravity bit." Steirnon came into view, put his arms around her
shoulders and took her to the control panel. Prior to the broadcast he's shown
her what to do. On a map of the world, parts of the northern hemisphere where
blanketed over. Penny operated a wheel and reduced the diameter of the blanket
to 240 kilometres and then pushed it until its centre was over Guildford. "I'm
sorry Guildford," Penny said, "I've nothing against your city. You just happen
geographically to be in the right place."

"For the rest of you who are now outside the cushion, please try and make the
most of your new opportunity. For many I realise it has been a dreadful
experience but for those living under the warring factions in the Middle East
and in Africa you have experienced peace. Please try and continue to live
together in harmony.

Please also remember, the Erliks were not responsible to the chaos of April 1st.
They have strange features and strange customs by human standards but in reality
they are peaceable people who are farmers at heart. We can learn from them and I
know they have already learned a lot from us. Not all of it good. Let us all try
and live in harmony with them too."

As usual after the transmission ended, Steirnon held her tightly to his chest
while his piston prick pummeled her vagina until she had climaxed twice and he
had poured his semen into her womb.

An hour later she reappeared at the house in Ryde. "Hi Martin," Penny greeted
him as she searched for a dress to cover her nakedness, "Been here long?"

"Ten minutes, I think we've been introduced to most of those here but they
wouldn't let us unload the camera until you got back."

"Well I suppose we ought to do the usual prestige things like interviewing Jan
for his views, and the others too, particularly for Dutch TV. Your bosses still
might not accept it." Penny and Martin did this.

Yvette seemed very subdued. When Penny was able to get her alone to ask the
problem Yvette asked, "Are you really pregnant with an Erlik child?"

"As far as I can tell, yes. Are you likely to get pregnant too?" Yvette nodded
and began to cry. Penny tried to calm her. "You could get an abortion," she
said.

"No, I'm a pro-life campaigner. I can't do that. I wasn't on the pill or
anything because I never went with a man, not since I was raped when I was
sixteen. With our better standard of living these days I'm probably still able
to have babies at forty and I am at the fertile time of my cycle."

"Yvette, all I can suggest is you brave it out. Have the baby and be proud of
it. Tell the world you did it because you had to. Say it was necessary to help
get the cushion lifted." Penny paused. "I shall do the same. I don't know if I
will want to live with the Erliks full time but after having sex with them I
wonder if any man will satisfy me. Did not Murnst satisfy you? After the hurt
and indignation went?"

Yvette just nodded.




Chapter 9. Epilogue



By the end of September 2027, the polder was drained and the Erliks moved,
transported in a cruise ship escorted by warships of the Dutch navy. The
Netherlands government supported them over the first winter until the soil was
ready and suitable for planting. By May 2028 they were reaping enough to more or
less support themselves and it was noticeable their cropping was months ahead of
the neighbouring smaller polder.

Once the cushion was lifted over London and the southern counties, Penny was
allowed back into England but she frequently returned to stay with Jacob's unit.
On February 8th her baby was born in a Dutch hospital. It was a male and had a
bone prick but had a lighter skin and wasn't as hairy as true Erliks. She would
have to wait until it grew before finding out whether this would change but
other Erlik females assured her, the baby was not like most Erliks although it
did have the Erlik tail.

Sally and Maureen returned to their homes but Sally's husband couldn't come to
terms with her promiscuousness. She contacted Penny and became an assistant to
her, mainly so she could regularly visit the Erliks for sexual satisfaction.

Maureen coped better on her return to normality. Her husband and children
accepted what she had been made to do and that helped. Never-the-less, she still
yearned at times to have her arse smacked before a hard fuck. Fortunately her
husband understood that need and supplied the answer. She remained in contact
with Sally and they met up occasionally.

Yvette had a baby too, a month after Penny. Hers was a female and she raised it
with love and affection. She became a champion of Erlik causes and she too
visited Jacob's unit from time to time.

Laura returned home and later married. Jackie and Sharon were not satisfied with
any of their boyfriends and returned to Jacob's unit. They had both been on the
pill before the Erlik arrival and didn't conceive until much later. A number of
other island girls moved in with their Erlik units.

John Lloyd was booted out of office weeks before the cushion was lifted and
replaced with a more compassionate minister. One that Penny grew to trust.

Steirnon stayed in contact and brought Penny to visit him ostensibly to advise
him on the progress being made but always now she spent some hours with him and
returned with a vagina full of sperm. Each time she thought, "If it wasn't so
lonely out in space, I wouldn't mind staying."



Finis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





