BDSM Library - Night Visits




Night Visits
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl is intoduced to depravity by her father and others.
Night Visits


  She awoke with a start, wondering what noise it was that woke her. Then she
heard it again. The floor creaked , just outside her door. When it opened she
could see that it was her father, framed in the low light of the hallway. What
surprised her was that he was naked. She was fifteen and had seen her father
naked many times, but he had never come to her room that way before. She was
laying on her stomach, and she feigned sleep as he sat on the edge of the bed.
She could smell whiskey. He began to stroke her hair, slowly pulling the sheet
and blanket down, all the way down to the end of the bed.

  " I love you, Kitten," he said. " Now Daddy's going to make you feel real
good, baby, but don't make a sound, okay?"  Her eyes popped open as she felt his
hands at the waist of her pajamas. He tugged them down a few inches.

  " Raise up, baby," he said. She silently lifted her hips, and felt the cool
night air on her skin as her pajama bottoms and panties slid past her hips,  and
down her thighs. Her heart was racing, and she felt his weight shift on the bed
as he turned to pull them completely off her.

  " You are so beautiful, Kitten. So soft, " he said. His hands began to slowly
stroke her ass cheeks, squeezing and parting them, his thumbs down in the cleft
of her ass, exposing her small, puckered hole. Her thighs were clenched tightly
together as he slowly rubbed his hands up and down the backs of them, then back
to her ass and the small of her back. He put his hand at the junction of  her
thighs and ass, his fingers probing downward.

  " Open for me, Kitten, spread your legs for me, baby."  She was frightened,
ashamed, and highly aroused, as she slowly lifted one leg, opening her thighs at
the insistent pressure of his hand.

  " Good girl," he said, and he traced his fingers along the insides of her
thighs, then along the length of her virgin slit. She moaned into her pillow as
she felt her hot juices oozing from her cunt in response to his probing. She
felt his weight shift again as he knelt between her thighs, his knees forcing
her thighs even wider apart, holding her lewdly open. Now he fondled her in
earnest, a thumb fully in her cunt while he squeezed and rubbed her clit, and
the fluids gushed from her over-heated cunt as she bucked her hips and orgasmed
on his hand.

  " Good girl, Kitten," he said. " You came for Daddy. Daddy likes to see his
baby cummimg, and we'll be doing it a lot."  She was gasping into her pillow,
trying to be quiet as she knew her mother was sleeping just down the hall.  She
felt his lips on her ass now, loud, wet kisses on her ass cheeks, his thumb
still in her wet cunt. She felt his warm, wet tongue trace its way up her ass
crack, and he withdrew his hand from her cunt. She felt both hands pull her ass
cheeks wide, and she squealed into the pillow when his tongue made contact with
her puckered asshole. He licked the small hole and deposited a load of spit,
then with the tip of his tongue he penetrated the tightness, alternately licking
and sucking, then probing as deeply as he could, fucking the tight wetness with
his tongue. Her hands involuntarily went back and found his. He replaced his
hands with hers,

  " Spread them for me, Kitten," he said, and she spread her asscheeks as wide
as she could while her father licked and sucked at her asshole. His hand was
back at her cunt now, and as  he rubbed her clit and tongued her asshole, she
pushed her hips back and came again, her ass muscles spasming on the tongue that
penetrated her. She heard him fumbling with the lid of a jar he had placed on
the headboard. She still lay there with her ass cheeks lewdly spread, recovering
from her orgasm as she felt lubricant being applied to her asshole. She knew he
was greasing his cock too, and she knew what was coming next, and she dreaded
it, yet wanted it more than anything she had ever wanted in her young life. She
drew in a deep breath as a large greased finger slowly entered her ass, in past
her tight anal ring, then slowly back out, her hips rocking to the slow fucking
of her ass. The finger was replaced with a thumb, the fingers of the hand
sliding into her cunt. She felt the fingers and the thumb come together,
massaging the thin membrane between her asshole and cunt. When he withdrew the
hand she felt his weight against her thighs and the backs of her hands that
still held her ass cheeks spread for him. She felt the large head of his cock at
her greased anal hole, and she pulled her knees further up as the cock head
slowly eased into her ass. The pain of her asshole being forced open was almost
more than she could bear, and she was about to cry out when the head slipped
past her anal ring, and a wonderful feeling of fullness enveloped her, as the
entire length of her fathers cock slid into her anal canal. She scooted her
knees up even further and was crouched like a frog, her father pulling her to
him by her shoulders, fully impaling her. She was feeling her first hard male
cock, and she loved it. She loved the hardness in her ass, the weight of him on
her, feeling his hairy body pressing on her ass, his balls resting in the crack
of her ass, the smell of whiskey on his breath. The fact that it was her Daddy
fucking her made it even better, and it was her own hand that found it's way to
her splayed-open young cunt, frigging herself as he slowly pulled from her ass,
only to ram it back into her to the hilt, drawing a grunt from her as he
increased the speed of his thrusts until he was actually fucking her virgin
asshole in a steady rythym. She felt him stop, fully in her, and as she felt his
cum spasming into her bowels, she came again, her ass squeezing his cock until
it finally popped out of her well-fucked hole. She rolled onto her side and
watched him get up off the bed, his cock glistening in the dim light, the cock
that she knew she now worshipped. She wrapped her arms around his thighs and
looked up at him,

  " Thank you, Daddy," she whispered. He patted her head and bent to kiss her on
the forehead.

  " Goodnight, Kitten," he said, and he left the room. She lay there after he
left, and her hand found its way back to her deflowered asshole, her father's
cum seeping from the hole, and she scooped some up with her fingers and put them
in her mouth, savoring the smell and the taste of her Daddy's cum that seeped
from her ass.



  When she woke up the next morning, she knew she hadn't been dreaming. She
still had on only pajama tops. Her asshole was sore and she could feel dried cum
around her ass and the sticky feeling of the lubricant that her Daddy used when
he fucked her the night before. She smiled at the thought, and her cunt twitched
at her lewd thoughts. Today was Saturday and she didn't have to go to school.
She knew her mother had a bridge club meeting and would be gone all day. She
would be leaving any minute now. She could hear water running and knew her Daddy
was in the shower. She smiled again at the thought of his naked cock. She
grabbed a long T shirt and ran across the hall to the  main bathroom and hopped
into the shower. Dressed only in the T shirt, she went into her parent's
bedroom. Her Daddy was standing in front of the bathroom mirror, wearing a pair
of briefs. He smiled as his half-naked daughter walked up behind him and hugged
him.

  " Good morning, Kitten," he said, and he turned around. Without another word
he led her over to his bed. He gently pushed her down to kneel on the carpet and
he slid his underwear down and off.

  " Take it in your mouth, sweetheart, " her Daddy said. She gently took his
cock into her mouth, and began to nibble and suck as it grew to full hardness. "
Not too hard, Kitten," he said, and  he let the girl suck his cock for a long
time, telling her how he liked it done. He had her lick and suck his balls and
take the whole sac into her mouth, then back to slowly sucking on the head of
his shaft. He gripped her young, hard nipples through her shirt as she sucked,
rolling them between his thumb and forefinger, pinching them hard enough to make
her gasp around his erection. He turned around and lay face down on the bed, his
feet outstretched on the floor. He reached back and spread his ass cheeks, and
she licked and sucked his hairy asshole, trying to fully penetrate the hole with
her tongue as he had done to her last night. He sat on the edge of the bed and
pulled her T shirt from her, and she stood between his legs, his feet pushing
her legs into a wider stance while he sucked on his quivering daughters tits.
She smelled of soap and her still-wet hair smelled of strawberry shampoo, and as
his finger found and parted her virgin slit she began to reek of lust. He made
her sit on the edge of the bed and spread her legs and he sucked her cunt until
she came in his mouth.

  " I'm going to spank you now, Kitten," he told her. She looked at him with
wide eyed fear, but he calmed her, telling her that it would make her an even
hotter fuck, and she allowed herself to be draped over his knees. He spanked her
from the backs of her knees to the small of her back, and she was crying, but as
he fingered her wet slit he made her tell him that she loved it. He had the
lubricant again and began to lubricate her asshole as the spanking continued,
and again she was anally impaled by his thumb while his fingers played with her
clit, and again he drove her to the brink of orgasm. He stopped before she could
cum and lay on his back, and he had her grease his erect shaft.  He made her
straddle him and guide herself down until her anus made contact with the tip of
his cock. He grabbed her nipples and pulled her down to his chest, and kissed
her on the mouth. She was sucking on her Daddy's tongue as he gently lifted her
up by her ass cheeks, slowly letting the cockhead center itself in her anus,
then he released her and let her slowly impale herself on his shaft.  When his
moaning daughter had fully engulfed his cock he could feel the heat radiating
from her well-spanked ass. He had her lean back, supporting herself with her
arms, and he began to finger her cunt, his cock a hard rod in her ass.  When she
came she lifted off of his cock a few inches, then sank back onto it as her cunt
squirted on his hand, and her ass muscles squeezed his cock. When she realized
he had not cum, she moaned again, the hardness in her asshole now like a fervent
itch as she rocked on it. He pushed his baby girl back until she was completely
on her back, still impaled in her tightness. He grabbed her thin ankles and
pushed her knees down to the bed and began to fuck her ass in long, hard
pistoning strokes. Again his mouth covered hers and again she sucked on his
tongue as he fed the whole of his cock into her gripping asshole, over and over
again. Now he began to talk to her.

  " You're my little slut, aren't you, Kitten," he said.

  " Oh, yes Daddy," she moaned.

  " You're a little cocksucker, aren't you baby, " he whispered, again impaling
her fully.

  "Oh God, yes Daddy, I'm a cocksucker, Daddy, I'm a cocksucker," she cried.

  " You love to feel your Daddy's cock in your ass, don't you my little whore,"
he hissed.

  " Yes, Daddy, oh, oh, oh, yes Daddy!" she cried.

  "If you want your Daddy to fuck you, you have to beg for it, Kitten. Beg for
it like a true slut, Kitten."

  "Oh, please, Daddy, please, fuck me Daddy, fuck my ass" she moaned. He was
moaning now too, as he pumped his load of cum into his baby girl's bowels.

  After they had showered, his daughter soaping his body and him soaping hers,
they reclined naked on the living room couch. Her head was in her Daddy's lap
and he was stroking her hair. He told her that he would begin fucking her virgin
cunt soon, but first she would see a Doctor friend of his and begin a birth
control program. He told her that it was important that young girls like her
take as much male cock as possible, that it was her duty in life to let males
use her, and that soon she would taking other select male friends of his too. He
felt his cock stir as he talked, his young daughters mouth just inches away.

  "What do you think of what I've just told you, Kitten," he asked. In answer,
she sucked the head of his growing cock into her mouth. He pulled her hair out
of her face so he could see her lips encircling his cock, and his fingers traced
her lips and the depressions in her cheeks as she sucked him. He was tempted to
fuck her tight asshole again, but decided to let her have her first real taste
of man-sperm. He began to stroke her flanks and her taught ass, still slightly
red from her previous spanking. He began to slap the skin, lightly at first,
then ever harder, until her ass cheeks were jumping from the force of his slaps.
An occasional gasp around his cock told him when he had hurt her, but she only
sucked with renewed urgency.

  " You're a natural cocksucker, Kitten," he said to the sucking young girl.
"Men like to have their cocks sucked, Kitten,  and you will suck a lot of men,
sweetheart. A sweet little slut like you needs a man's sperm in her belly every
day. That's why a girl sucks a man's cock, sweetheart, to suck out and swallow
his cum. And here is your first mouthfull, baby."

  He held her face in both hands and watched her as he ejaculated, her eyes
closed, sucking deeply, swallowing her father's hot, salty offering. She was
mewing, the deflating cock still captured in her mouth, grinding her hips into
the couch, her ass a deep, burning red.  She curled up into a fetal position,
still sucking. He parted her thighs with one hand, and slid a finger into her
hot, wet cunt. She moaned, and came in seconds, her red, spanked ass grinding
against his hand, her Daddy's cock still in her mouth.

  It was almost time for her mom to return, so she went up to her room, basking
in the afterglow of her spanking and her orgasm, the salty taste of her father's
sperm still fresh in her mouth. She heard her mother return, and heard them
talking downstairs.  Later that afternoon her father entered her room and gave
her a thick book.

    " Required, reading Kitten," he said, smiling down at her. " Keep it well
hidden, we would not want your mother to find it." He tousled her hair and left,
leaving the door open a crack. She was still naked except for the T shirt, and
she sat on her bed and opened the book. It was a collection of stories. Stories
of young girls like her, and some were of girls even younger than herself.
Stories of lust and depravity of the sort she had never imagined. Stories of
torture and  slavery,  but in them all the girls were willing participants in
the debauchery, and took countless numbers of men into their young bodies, in
fact, saying 'no' to anything asked of them was not an option. The reading
inflamed her, and she was shaking with lust. She laid back and spread her legs,
her fingers in her wet hole. Just as she exploded into orgasm she heard her mom
calling her down for dinner, and as she opened her eyes she saw her father pull
his head away from the crack in the door.

    She dressed and went down to dinner, listening to her parents babble about
inane shit that she could care less about. She snuck glances at her father but
he completely ignored her. After dinner, she retired to her room, pulling out
the book again, devouring the tales of forbidden lust  It took her a long time
to get to sleep that night, visions of whipped girls and rutting bodies filling
her head. Sometime in the very early morning hours she awoke to her father
standing naked beside her bed. He guided her head to his crotch, and she opened
her mouth and took him in, wrapping her arms around his ass, her small hands
pulling him closer, to get more of his cock into her greedy, sucking mouth. He
held the sides of her head and began to fuck the sucking hole of his daughters
mouth, holding her head by handfulls of hair now, slowly pistoning in and out.
The only noise in the room was the lewd sucking noises of her mouth on her
Daddy's engorged cock, followed by her gulping and gasping as his hot, sticky
sperm flooded her mouth and throat. He held her head close to his stomach as he
deflated, finally pulling from her mouth with a wet pop. Her face was glistening
with spit and cum, and he smiled down at her and silently left the room. Her
heart was racing as her fingers found her clit. She put a thumb in her mouth,
imagining it was another hard cock, and she let bubbles of her Daddy's remaining
sperm drool out of her mouth as she bucked her hips, cumming on her stroking
fingers.




          The Doctor



  Sunday morning she awoke early, which was unusual for her. She buzzed with a
strange excitement, and was about to retrieve her book from it's hiding place
when her father opened her bedroom door. She smiled at him.

  " Oh good, Kitten, you're awake," he said. "Take a shower, baby, but don't get
dressed. I'll be back when you're mother leaves."  She knew her mother would be
off to one of her endless social engagements. In fact, she rarely saw her
mother, except for the occasional evening meal. She and her mother didn't have
much of a relationship. Her Daddy was self employed, and she saw him a lot, and
she smiled at the thought of how close their relationship was becoming. She had
showered and was standing in front of her full-length mirror, naked, brushing
her long, blonde hair when he entered her room. He was fully dressed and he
smiled at her in the mirror. The nipples of her full, pert tits were fully
erect, and her clit was visible at the top her cunt slit. She was in heat, and
had been since the first moment her Daddy had touched her carnally. They both
watched in the mirror as his hands reached around to cup her breasts, tweaking
and pinching her nipples. One hand snaked down her taught belly to trace her
slit, a finger parting her cunt lips, coming away wet with her cunt juices. He
brought the hand up to her face and she dutifully opened her mouth to suck it.
Then back to her cunt and back to her mouth, until her cunt was weeping down the
insides of her thighs. Now he smeared her juices back to her asshole and
thoroughly wetted her hole until he could easily finger fuck her there. When he
brought the hand to her face she didn't hesitate, but sucked his fingers with
relish, time and again, savoring the smell of her own cunt and penetrated
rectum.

  " Please, fuck me Daddy," she begged.

  " Not right now, my little slut. We need to get you dressed, we have to go see
someone. You will get some cock today though, Kitten, I assure you."  She almost
screamed in her frustration, so great was her need to cum. Instead, he told her
to wear something sexy. Like all teenaged girls, she had drawer-fulls of slutty
clothing, that her and her girlfriends wore to the mall to tease the boys. Her
father picked out a pair of ridiculously short cut-offs and a flimsy halter top.

  " No underwear, no bra, " he told her. She knew that she was so wet that the
crotch of the shorts would be soaked in no time, but she pulled on the clothes
as ordered. He retrieved a pair of high-heeled sandals from her closet to
complete the outfit. He smiled, she looked like the perfect little teen-aged
slut. The front seam of the tight shorts clearly parted her cunt, and the fabric
was turning dark with wetness. Her tits pushed out at the fabric of her top, and
her erect nipples were plainly seen.

  " Perfect, Kitten, " he said, " the perfect little fuck-toy. Daddy's little
slut, aren't you baby, " he said. He stepped in front of the overwrought girl
and tipped up her chin.

  " Aren't you baby, tell Daddy, " he whispered.

  "Yes Daddy," she moaned, " I am your slut, Daddy."

  " Good girl, Kitten, " he said, and he lowered his mouth to hers, and she
greedily sucked on his tongue, grinding her wet crotch on his thigh. He smiled,
she was ready for this next phase.



   The man was a Doctor, and a personal friend of her fathers, although he had
never seen her before, and  he ran his practice from an office in his stately
home. Her father led her to a back door of the house, and the door opened at his
knock. A man in casual dress poked his head out and looked around, then let them
in. Her Daddy took her hand and they followed the man into his office. The men
exchanged pleasantries, then she heard her father say,

  "This is the new slut I told you about, Doc, my daughter Kitten. Still a
virgin too, but I've fucked her in the ass a few times, and she's a natural
cocksucker too, loves it, don't you Kitten."  She was standing there holding
onto her father's arm, her head bowed with her hair covering her face. She
realized that she was expected to answer.

  " Yes, Daddy, " she croaked.

  "Well, let's have a look at you, slut," grunted the Doctor. She was unsure
what to do.

  " Strip, baby, we want you naked, " said her Daddy. She slowly undid her
shorts and peeled them down her thighs, her pubic hair wet and matted. When she
pulled off her halter top, both men were silent, admiring the perfect body of
the girl. She still had her sandals on, and the Doctor took her hand, leading
her to the examination table. She pulled back slightly, giving her father a
pleading look.

  " Do as he says, Kitten, " her Daddy told her, and the Doctor laid her on the
examination table. Her wrists were bound to the table and her knees drawn back,
her feet in the stirrups, fully exposing her cunt.

  " Oh, yes, " said the Doctor, " you'll do exactly as I say, you little cunt,
or it will go hard for you. You have already earned a strapping for resisting
me." She gave her Daddy a fearful look, and he gave her a wane smile. He stroked
his hand up and down his daughter's body, finally worming a finger into her
cunt, slowly bringing her back to the excited state she had been in earlier.

  "Obedience, Kitten, " her Daddy said soothingly, "that is what we want from
you. We want you to be the perfect little slut for us, honey, and for that to
happen you must learn to obey. When men want to fuck you and use you must learn
to obey without question or hesitation." She was breathing heavily now,
straining to bring her clit into contact with her father's probing finger. The
Doctor was smiling; he had seen many young girls in heat on this table.

  "Failure to obey means a strapping or a whipping, Kitten, " he said, " and
sometimes you will be whipped simply because we want to hurt you, to keep the
fact in your mind that you are nothing but a means for our pleasure."  Visions
of the whipped girls in the book flashed in her mind, and she was close to her
orgasm.

  "And you do want to be fucked and used, don't you Kitten, " he hissed to his
daughter.

  "Yes, Daddy, yes!" she fairly screamed it out.

  " And whipped, Kitten. You want to be whipped and fucked like the girls in the
book, don't you, Kitten ?"

  "Yesssss, please Daddy, whip me, fuck me, please." The men smiled at each
other across the table, then listened to her unearthly wail as her father pulled
away from her cunt, denying her the orgasm that she so badly wanted.

  The Doctor first removed her pubic hair with an electrolysis machine. She
would be coming back for more treatments until it ceased to grow. She was given
a shot, a 'morning after' contraceptive shot combined with a stimulant that
would make more aware of her  strapping and the de-flowering to follow, and
given a contraceptive implant in her arm.

  A gag was strapped into her mouth, and she saw the Doctor standing between her
spread legs, a doubled-up leather belt in his hand.

  She was given a strapping she would never forget, screaming behind the gag
while the Doctor methodically strapped every inch of exposed flesh. When he was
done it took her father a full five minutes to calm her down, stroking her
bruised tits and the insides of her thighs, until finally she began to respond
to a finger at the lips of her well-strapped cunt. Her father removed her gag
and tears were still running down the sides of her face. He gently toyed with
her clit until she was freely running with cunt juice. The Doctor stood between
her legs and dropped his pants, his erection standing out in front of him.

  "Do you want to be fucked now, Kitten?" her father asked.

  "Oh, yes Daddy, please fuck me"

  It wasn't her father that fucked her though. Her first cock would be that of
the Doctor, a man she had never even met. Her father grabbed the man's cock and
guided it to his daughter's seeping cunt lips, and as the shaft slowly claimed
his daughter's virgin cunt, he put his mouth to his baby girl's mouth, savoring
the moment that she squealed into his mouth as her hymen was penetrated. The
Doctor fucked the girl long and hard, her virgin blood forming a froth at the
entrance to her bare cunt. Her father licked and sucked on her titties, finally
snaking his hand down to her clit, and between the two men, she was coaxed into
a mind-blowing orgasm, the Doctor spewing deep into her womb. While the Doctor
remained inside his baby girl, her father unzipped his pants and pulled his hard
cock out and presented it to her mouth. While she sucked on the head, he held
the shaft and stroked it, and in only a few strokes ejaculated into her mouth.

  The men had a few drinks as she lay there, virgin blood drying on her cunt,
mixed with a trickle of the Doctor's sperm. When she opened her mouth, strings
of her father's sperm could be seen, still hanging from the roof of her mouth.
She was taken from the table and made to suck the Doctor to another erection,
then grease his cock and squat over him, taking his hardness into her asshole.
While the Doctor was in her ass, she sucked her father to hardness, and her
father jerked his way into the angry red gash that had been her virgin cunt, and
the men gave the girl a long double fuck, forcing her to two more orgasms before
they pumped their sperm into her holes.




           A New Life



   The Doctor had given her a hospital gown to wear home. Her cunt was still
bleeding and she was still very sore from the strapping. Her Daddy had her
clothes in a little plastic bag. She lay on the front seat with her head in her
Daddy's lap on the drive home. He told her how proud of her he was. He told her
that from now on, she would not be wearing underwear of anykind, ever again, 
and that he, the Doctor and many other men that she hadn't yet met, demanded
that she be open and accessible for taking cock. As he spoke he pulled her
hospital gown up around her waist. The sight of her welted inner thighs and
de-haired cunt was arousing him again. He asked her again if she understood that
she was a fuck-hole for male cock, and that she would be punished if she didn't
comply unhesitatingly, and with total obedience. He saw her hand rubbing the
insides of her welted thighs.

  "Oh, yes Daddy, I understand. I don't want you or the Doctor to ever be angry
at me, Daddy. I'll do what you say."

  "Us, and a lot of other men too, Kitten. Sometimes I'll be there, but other
times the Doctor will want you for himself and others, and sometimes just
others, but it's important that you do exactly as they say, honey. It's a whole
group of men, baby, a large circle of people that have daughters like you. You
will meet some of these girls, Kitten, and you'll see there are other girls just
like you. I'm sure some of them even go to your school." Her eyes widened and
she made a mental note to look for tell-tale signs on the girls in her gym
class.

  He pulled the car into the garage and helped his well-beaten and well-fucked
daughter into the house. He took her clothes from the bag and threw them in the
washing machine, and told her to go shower. She luxuriated in the hot shower
until the hot water ran out. She heard the phone ring as she turned the water
off. As she toweled off, her father came into the bathroom.

  "That was the Doctor, Kitten. Just kneel here on the rug, and wait." She was
confused, but knelt there on the bathroom rug, naked. A strange man came in and
she was startled. He told her to close her eyes and open her mouth. She
complied, and felt a cock pushed against her face. This man smelled of sweat and
urine, and he told her to suck his cock. She took her hand and guided this
stranger's cock to her lips, sucking until he grew hard in her mouth, then
gently sucking the head, her hand stroking the shaft into her mouth, until he
shot spurts of hot, salty cum into her mouth, which she swallowed. He left
without a word.

  She feigned sickness that night and didn't go down for dinner, but could hear
her parents talking downstairs. Her father came into her room later and told her
he wanted her reading her book, then made her lay on her back, and he took two
fingers-full of lubricant and applied it around and into her asshole. He told
her that men did  not want to have to hassle with lubricating a girl's asshole
for a fuck, and that it should always be ready. When he came into her room much
later that night, he simply crawled between her legs, lifted her legs up by her
ankles, put his cock to her asshole and lowered himself into her. She never
could get used to being anally penetrated, that feeling of being stretched so
painfully until she felt she couldn't take it, only to feel the sphincter yield,
it's sensitive nerve endings being massaged by the hard prick it grasped. Her
Daddy always massaged her clit, or had her do it, and she loved to cum with a
hard cock in her ass, and she came now, her ass clenching her fathers cock,
milking the cum up into her colon. Again she laid there in the dead of night,
her Daddy's cum oozing from her asshole.

  " Clean me, Kitten, " he whispered, and she sucked his greasy, shit-smelling
cock into her mouth and  she sucked her Daddy's cock clean of lubricant, cum and
tell-tale shit.



   Monday, God she hated Mondays.  She knew she had to get up and go to school,
and  she dreaded it. She heard her mother drive off to work, and her father
entered her room. He took her hand and gently pulled her up,

  " Let's have a look at you, Kitten," he said. She stood naked, and he told her
to put her hands on top of her head, as he inspected her body. " Excellent," he
proclaimed, pulling her over to the mirror. He pointed out to her some slight
bruising on the insides of her thighs, otherwise no telltale signs of her
whipping showed. "The Doctor is truely a master at whipping young girls, Kitten,
and you no doubt will see him a lot in the future. Now, your school clothes. Not
too much has changed, Kitten, you are just forbidden to cover your fuckholes,
so, dresses or skirts only I'm afraid. No panties or bras either, baby. You will
be naked, greased and ready under your clothes at all times sweetheart, do you
understand ?" her father asked. She still stood naked with her hands on her
head, and his carressing hands were starting to arouse her.  She knew her lack
of underwear and her bald pussy would be hard to hide in the locker room at
school, but she replied,

  " Yes Daddy, I understand. But, Daddy ?" she asked, " what about when I get my
period ?". He smiled at his daughter, a finger now wetly tracing her cunt crack.

  " You will be allowed to wear a pad and a Tampon for a few days, Kitten, and
during those days your asshole and mouth will be used. We will also be carefull
not to give you too many welts that you would have to explain. You're summer
vacation starts in a few weeks. It will be different then."

  His finger was now fully in her cunt, and he pushed her onto her back, and she
gasped as his big cock claimed her almost-virgin cunt. He made her cum twice
before he pumped his sperm into her. He watched her dress, not allowing her to
wipe any of the cum from her gaping, fucked cunt.  He made sure  her asshole was
well lubricated before she left the house, making her pull up her short skirt
and bend over, right there in the entryway, while he applied two generous
fingerfulls in and around her asshole. He made sure she had lunch money and her
books, kissed her with a full, wet, tongue-kiss, and watched as she stood down
the street with the other kids, waiting for the bus, her thighs tightly clenched
together so a glob of her father's sperm didn't drip from her cunt.

  She had a terrible day at school. Cum was oozing from her cunt as she sat in
class. She didn't want it to stain the back of her skirt, so as slyly as she
could she snaked her hand up between her thighs, scooping up the hot slime a few
fingerfulls at a time, and sucked it off her fingers. She didn't know what else
to do with it; and she had been forbidden to wipe it off, and she knew her
father would ask her about it. She was certain the teacher saw her do it once,
and he gave her a lecherous smile that made her tremble.

  She couldn't concentrate at all. She wondered what the hell had happened to
her. Just last Friday she had been a normal fifteen year old girl. In the course
of a weekend she had been ass-fucked by her father multiple times, sucked him
off, had a stranger whip her, take her cherry and ass-fuck her while she sucked
her father's cock, then had been doubley penetrated by both men. That same day
she had sucked off a total stranger while keeling naked in the bathroom of her
own house ! Then, early this morning her father came to her room and ass-fucked
her again, then fucked her cunt just before school, and the sperm was still
leaking from her hole. She remembered the depraved book she was required to
read, and she remembered promising to be a total slut for her father and his
friends. She remembered what they had told her would happen to her if she failed
in that promise. She remembered the orgasms.'Well, she thought, my Daddy was
right, I really am a slut, 'cause I loved what they did to me' and she felt her
face get red at her thoughts. She resolved right then and there to be whatever
her dear Daddy wanted her to be. She hoped that if she did exactly what they
wanted her to do, they wouldn't hurt her too much.

  In the locker room she was carefull to not let her girlfriends notice her lack
of underwear when she changed. The shower was a different story. Her cunt was
obviously bald, and a few catcalls went up. She simply said that she liked it
that way, and that she knew that a lot of boys liked it that way. It didn't take
many glances around the shower room to see that a lot of other girls had shaved
down to just a tuft of hair, and they gave her knowing looks and a wink. As she
dressed she heard a voice behind her say,

  " No panties, huh, I'll bet a lot of boys like that too, hmm?" She turned and
looked at the girl, speechless. The girl smiled at her,

  " Don't worry, your secret's safe with me," the girl said, smiling.

  Gym class was the last class of the day, and she couldn't wait to get out of
there. She headed across the lawn to the bus stop and a man that was coming the
other way stepped in front of her, stopping her in her tracks. He smiled at her
and handed her a note.

  " Your father sent me. You are to come with me," it read. She looked up at him
and he held out his hand. She took it and let herself be led out to the parking
lot, to a van that was sitting there with the engine running. The side door
opened on their approach and she saw at least two other men inside. Her heart
was racing,

  " You know my father?" she asked.

  " Yeah, and the Doctor too, now shut the fuck up and get in," menaced the man.
She allowed herself to be pulled into the van, which pulled out of the parking
lot. She was made to kneel on a mattress on the floor, and three strangers sat
on a bench seat facing her, while another man drove.

  " So, you're the new slut, huh," one man leered at her. She knelt there, not
saying a word, her skirt hiked well-up on her thighs. A slap across her face
caught her totally off guard, and her hand shot up to her cheek.

  " I asked you a fucking question, cunt, " he yelled at her.

  "Yes," she said, her voice trembling in fear, " I.... I... I'm... I'm the new
slut."

  " Well let's see those titties then," he said. She felt her fingers
unbuttoning the buttons of her blouse.

  " Pull it open and hold it there, cunt," he said. She held the blouse open
wide, her nipples hardening, her firm, young tits on display.

  " Nice tits bitch, " he said, as three sets of hands mauled her tits, slapping
them and twisting her nipples until she twisted in pain. " Now, hike up that
skirt so we can see your cunt," he said. She let go of her blouse and, still on
her knees, hiked her skirt up to her waist. Her bald cunt was totally on display
and she was ordered to spread her knees, and then spread them even wider, and
she could feel the air as her cunt was opened wide to their view.

  " Lay down slut," the man said. She laid on her back on the filthy mattress,
and spread her legs. He dropped to his knees between her legs, unzipped his
pants and pulled them down. Without another word he put the head of his cock to
her cunt and viciously thrust fully into her. She gasped at the intrusion into
her almost-virgin hole, and tried to spread her legs wider, her sandals banging
against the sides of the van as he rudely fucked her. She could feel her own
orgasm approaching as the man shot into her cunt. She moaned in frustration as
the second man took his place, his cock a piston in her cunt. She felt her
orgasm on her again as the first man knelt alongside her head and cleaned his
cock off on her face and hair, while her second fuck partner squirted into her.
Her orgasm faded away as he pulled out of her cunt, to be replaced with the
third man while the second man smeared her face with his slimy cock. This third
man simply impaled her and shot his spunk into her hole, wiping it off on her
face as the others had done. She was crying and begging to be fucked now; she
needed to cum. Another slap across her face shut her up, and she just whimpered
as the van pulled over so they could change drivers. When they got under way
again, the third man crawled back to her. She was laying on her back, her tits
exposed, legs spread and sperm bubbling out of her cunt. She knew she would cum
with just the contact of one more hard cock on her clit. The man knelt by her
head and stroked his cock, putting it to her mouth.

  "Is this what you want, slut,?" he asked. She pulled her mouth off of his cock
to beg,

   "Yes, please, fuck me." He put it back in her mouth for a few more moments,
then pulled it out and, grasping the shaft, directed it to her face, cumming in
great spurts over her eyes, nose and mouth. The van was stopping.

  " You are not to wipe any of it off, cunt, " a voice said. " We're sending you
home to Daddy just like this."  She was pulled from the van to stand on the
sidewalk, and it drove away. She was a half block from her house. She managed to
pull her skirt down and button a few buttons on her blouse, her eyes stinging
with the cum that covered her face. It was broad daylight and she knew anybody
could see her as she stumbled to her front door. The door opened and her Daddy
was there, pulling her into the house. She stood in the entryway, trying to hug
him, but he held her at arm's length, telling her to calm down. He took his
fingers and smoothed the rivulets of cum around her face, wiping them down to
her mouth, coaxing her to part her lips and suck on his fingers, and she did,
sucking the strangers cum from her face.

  "You're beautiful like this , Kitten," her Daddy said, "Daddy's little slut." 
Her father unbuttoned her blouse and took it from her, cupping her young
breasts, the bright red marks of the abuse of three men clearly evident. He
removed her skirt and then her sandals, one at a time, the cum of three men
running down her thighs. He fingered her open, abused gash, the cum pooling in
the palm of his hand, his finger working her clit until she was rocking on his
hand.

  " Kneel down here, Kitten," her father said. The naked girl knelt there in the
entryway and her father knelt down behind her, pulling down his pants. He
positioned his cock at her asshole, the one she had lubricated that morning,
promising to keep her asshole available for use, and he pushed. She was not as
lubricated as either may have thought, and he had to use a lot of force to wedge
his baby's asshole open enough to allow entrance. He stood in a half-crouch as
he forced his way into her ass, her hands going to her clit, his to her face, 
to continue smearing the drying cum from another mans cock around on her face.
He fucked into her ass so hard that she collapsed, her knees wide spread, and he
fucked her harder than she had ever been fucked, and as she finally reached her
long awaited orgasm, he came deep into her ass, reaching under her to cruelly
twist her nipples as she moaned and pushed and twisted on her Daddy's cock.

  " Clean me, Kitten," she heard him say, as his flacid cock popped from her
ass. He stroked her hair as his sated daughter lived up to her name, mewing and
purring, her Daddy's soiled cock rolling in her mouth, her eyes closed, her face
white with flecks of dried cum.

  After her shower she found him sitting on her bed, and her book of depraved
smut was lying on the bed, open.

  " Come here Kitten, and read to me," he said. His naked daughter sat
cross-legged on the bed, her cunt still slightly open from the fucking that
three men had given her after school. It was a story of pain sluts.....girls
that were forced to cum solely from being whipped, then turned over to groups of
men, to pleasure them by sucking them off, or taking their cocks into their
bodies. Her father pointed out to her the fact that whipping a girl, or seeing a
girl whipped, was very exciting to men like himself and his friends.

  " Wouldn't it be exciting to cum from a whipping, Kitten? " he asked. " To
absorb the pain, to let the feelings build in your body until the pain made you
cum?" She wasn't real sure, but she promised him that she would try,  and she
told him that she wanted to cum so badly when the men after school were fucking
her, but she just couldn't, and he told her that she may be one of the special
women that could cum from being whipped. And he showed her that just  by her
promising to try was making him hard again. She leaned over the open book of
depraved human acts that she had just read from, and took her father's rising
cock into her mouth. He didn't move a muscle; no moving of the hips or fucking
her mouth. He let his baby girl use her sucking mouth, and as she sucked he told
her that she would be whipped unmercifully soon, and that she would cum from her
whipping,  and that she would crawl on her knees with a whip in her mouth,
begging someone to whip her, use her, fuck her. He held off as long as he could,
until he heard his wife's car pull into the driveway, then he relaxed and let
his darling daughter have what she wanted, her Daddy's cum spurting into her
mouth.




Back to the Doctor's



   The rest of her week  at school was uneventfull, save for her coming home,
doing her homework under her father's watchfull eye, and retiring to her room,
naked, and reading the stories from her book to her father. He told her mother
that  he was giving her 'special training', which was, in the most part, true.
She found her schooling to actually improve, as her father now helped her with
her homework, the sooner to get her to her room to read aloud one of the stories
from his depraved book. When Friday night came along, her Daddy told her that he
had something special planned for her. She was taken to a house, blindfolded and
gagged, strung up by her wrists and whipped. She tried to make herself cum, she
tried hard, knowing her Daddy was watching her and expecting her to be a pain
slut, and cum from her whipping. She could not. When she was taken down and
fucked, she came many times, imagining which cock was her Daddy's. She didn't
know until later that her Daddy had gone home hours before, and she came to the
cocks of many men; a full dozen depositing their loads in the beaten girl. She
still had not cum from pain as her Daddy wanted.

  She had to get a note from her Daddy to get out of P.E. in her final week of
school; the welts were too obvious. The day after her summer vacation started, 
her father took her naked to the garage and loaded her into the car. They pulled
behind the Doctor's house and she was led in. She was hung up by her wrists and
clamped, and fully fifty clamps gripped her young body. Then she was whipped, by
a man that was a master of whipping young girls. Her legs were tied apart with a
spreader bar, and a man with a strap began to work her over. His stinging
strokes were like foreplay as he worked her, overlaying the welts of the
bullwhip, and he slowly worked her over, the overlaying strikes working their
way up her thighs to her cunt, then back down her body and back up to her cunt
again, the incessant slap and burning of the strap a constant stacattoe in her
mind. Over and over the strap struck her, popping the clamps off of her one by
one, the incessant pain finally bringing her to the verge of climax. Her
tormentor knew it as well, and delivered a final blow to the cunt of the
screaming young girl, and the juices squirted  from her overheated cunt as she
exploded in orgasm. She was immediately taken down, and the Doctor was the first
man into her cunt, and she wrapped her welted legs around his ass as he fucked
her, and she was in an almost constant state of orgasm , and the Doctor was
replaced with the next man, and then the next, and her father knelt next to her
head, feeding his baby girl his cock as six men fucked his beaten, welted
daughter. He came in her mouth while the last man pumped his load into her womb.
She was not given a break, and was made to drape her beaten body over a low,
padded horse. Her knees were drawn up and secured, and her ass and back were
fully exposed, cum literally running from her splayed cunt. Her father stood by
her head as she was trussed up for more whipping, stroking her hair.

  " Good girl, Kitten," he told her, " you came from the whip. You're Daddy's
little pain slut now, Kitten, and you will dance your pain dance many times.
Your screams are sweet music, baby girl. "

  " Please, Daddy, " she sobbed, " no more, please Daddy," she cried.

  "Nonsense, Kitten," he replied. "We have all day." And it was her father that
picked up the cane, and without another word gave her a full-force cut across
the middle of her tightly stretched ass. Her eyes rolled back in her head and
she sucked in a breath with an audible hiss as the white-hot pain seared into
her brain. She knew she could not take many more of those as her Daddy tapped
her ass with the cane, watching the angry, purple welt develop on her ass. The
insanely intense pain bites hit her at about 10 second intervals, not letting
her totally absorb one before another hit her. The result was a crescendo of
pain that her body climbed like a mental staircase until it reached the top, and
she took the only exit she could find.....she came. The caning stopped
immediately. She was surprised to find that she had not lost her mind, as the
room came back into focus. Her ass felt like it had been burned with a blow
torch, and she was wailing in pain. She could hear ice cubes in glasses and was
aware of the flash of cameras, and men's talking and laughter. Then she felt the
stab of a man's cock at her asshole. She smelled whiskey and for an insane
moment thought about the first night her Daddy had come to her room, penetrating
her asshole with the smell of whiskey on his breath. This was not her Daddy,
this man's cock was much larger, and it was stretching her horribly as it forced
it's way into her. This new  pain melded with the pain of her welted ass cheeks,
and her mind was totally black except for a white dot in the center of her
vision. She thought she heard screaming, and the white dot grew in size. She
imagined herself tumbling, tumbling into the void of the white dot, and she
began to feel an incredible pleasure as the white dot enveloped her, embracing
her in a warmth she could never have imagined. To the men in the room she was a
fifteen year old welted slut, now taking her fourth cock into her asshole, a
screaming piece of girl-flesh that jumped and danced on their cocks as she took
the fifth man and then the sixth. She was only semi-aware of being taken down
from the horse, and almost in a dream was aware of a car ride, and being carried
up some stairs to her own bed.

  Her Daddy took her to the shower the next morning and washed her himself. She
was almost catatonic as she allowed herself to be cleaned. His hands rubbed the
welts on her body and she began to revive.

  "Spread your legs, Kitten, " he said. She took a wide stance in the shower,
the warm water splashing off of her as her Daddy began to slowly spank her
welted ass. The painful welts began to scream again and he stopped the spanking,
his finger now at her slit, and she felt her cunt lubricating as it sucked the
finger in, grinding her hips against his hand. He kept his finger in her cunt as
he turned off the water. He kept his finger in her cunt as he dried her, and he
kept his finger in her cunt as he pulled her to her bedroom. And his finger was
in her cunt as he spanked her welted ass until she came, her wet cunt spasming
on his hand.

  He let her sleep for a few hours, then woke her up. He put her on her knees,
her head on her pillow. She pushed back as his cock entered her asshole, and she
felt his balls against her burning ass crack. He had some sort of paddle, and he
brought it down hard on one side of her ass, and then the other. Being anally
impaled, she could only slide her knees to the sides, or forward,  trying to 
bring some relief to the fiery burn in her ass, as the paddle continued it's
beating.  He stopped the paddling and grabbed her ankles, and she was moaning
now, and was fucking herself on his cock, pulling forward an inch or two and
then back, grinding her burning ass against his belly.  Her asshole began to
feel like an immense itch, and her Daddy's hard cock in her ass was scratching
it, and she began to push harder against the cock, fucking on his cock wildly
until the itch began to feel oh, so good, and her Daddy had hold of her wrists
so she couldn't touch her cunt, and the itch grew and grew and the scratching
felt so good, and she came, sobbing, pulling the cock almost totally from her
clenching asshole, then grinding herself back onto it. He let her calm down. He
had not cum, and was still rock hard in her asshole. She felt her wrists being
handcuffed behind her back. She felt the paddle carressing her flanks, and she
heard her Daddy say,

  "Again, Kitten."  The paddling was relentless and extremely hard, drawing
small beads of blood from the welts on her ass, only to be splattered by the
paddle, and when she thought she could take no more, she came, her gut-wrenching
orgasm brought on by no more than the paddle and the constant hardness in her
ass.

  " Good girl, Kitten,"  her Daddy said. But he did not release her, and he
still had not cum. He began a slow ass-fuck of his daughter, relishing the sight
of her tight asshole gripping his cock as he pulled it's length from the depth
of her bowels, framed between her welted, bleeding ass cheeks, her tiny hands
cuffed at the small of her back, her face smashed down in her pillow. Then he
hunched up on his knees, driving his erection back into her ass, lifting his
feet off the bed, her young body taking his full weight, his cock in her so far
that he could feel the turds in her lower intestine pushing against the head of
his cock. God, he loved this, and he continued the pummeling of his baby girl's
asshole for another ten minutes, finally reaching under her to stroke her clit
as he felt his own orgasm begin. He felt his cock swell in her ass.

  " Cum, baby, cum for Daddy, " he whispered as he stroked her clit, and as his
daughter came on his hand, he fucked into her ass like a demon, pumping his load
far up into her guts. He pulled his slimey, shit-stained cock from her asshole
and shifted around to kneel before her, pulling her mouth to his cock, and as
she sucked him, he took the paddle to her upturned, welted ass again. He paddled
his screaming child until he was hard again, and she moaned with lust as her
Daddy's cock grew in her mouth, and the harder she sucked the harder he paddled,
until he was fucking her face like a mad man, hitting her ass with all of his
strength, and she was screaming on his cock as he came down her throat. As she
suckled him he turned the paddle sideways and held it against her clit, and he
smiled as she squirmed on the paddle edge, finally exploding in orgasm.



   She was taken to the Doctor's house on an almost daily basis, and there were
always new and different men there to expose her to new torments. Her beaten ass
was a favorite target and  it was now totally discolored, a mass of purple,
green and yellow bruises. On the trip over in the car, her Daddy told her that
the insides of her thighs and her tits would be the center of attention today.
She was laying on her side on the front seat, as her beaten ass made it too
painful to sit fully upright, and her Daddy described  to her some of the things
they would do to her that day. She was trembling with fear and excitement, and
she squeezed her thighs together as he spoke. She saw his cock swelling in his
shorts, and as he described her upcoming tortures, he made her unzip his pants
and suck his cock. They pulled up to the house, and he let her finish her
cocksucking and swallow. When they entered the house she saw many new men in the
room. She saw a table full of implements; clamps, tongs, needles, syringes and
she shuddered, knowing that they were to be used on her. She was led over to a
low stool with a dildo protruding from it. Her Daddy made her back up to it, and
he positioned it at her anus, then pushed down on her shoulders, forcing her to
slowly engulf the rubber monster. When she was fully seated on the stool she was
gasping; she had never had anything this thick and long in her ass before. Her
feet were still on the floor and between them she saw a rubber hose and a
squeeze bulb. Her father picked up the bulb and squeezed it a few times, and the
rubber monster she was impaled on grew in her ass. She made a high pitched wail,

  "Oh, God, Daddy, please, no," and her voice was shaking, and she was on the
verge of tears. Her Daddy gave her a wicked smile, and held the bulb up in front
of her face. He gave it two more squeezes, and sweat popped out on her forehead.
The Doctor now stood in front of her, and he grabbed her ankles and lifted her
feet off the floor. It seemed impossible, but she felt the swollen monster gain
a few more inches into her intestines. Her Daddy gave the bulb two more
squeezes, and she thought she would die with the pain. Her feet were placed on
the top of the stool alongside her discolored ass cheeks, and she was ordered to
keep them there. All she could think of was expelling the hugeness in her ass,
and the thought of getting it out of her ass was all-consuming, but she was held
tight by the inflated phallus. As if in a dream she heard the Doctor speaking to
her, and he told her that during today's session she would not be tied, and that
any involuntary movements, or any attempt to avoid any of the tortures they
chose to inflict on her would result in more, and even harsher punishments. He
was asking her if she understood, and it took all of her will-power to answer.
She could only hope that total obedience and instant compliance would speed up
the removal of the monster she was impaled on.

  "Yes, Sir, yes Sir, please....oh, God, oh God, yes Sir, I understand."

  "Your God won't help you now, slut. We will hear you scream for mercy, but
your mercy won't be from God, it will only be from the men in this room. So
please us well, child," the Doctor said.

  He picked up a clamp, a huge, spring-loaded thing that you would find in a
lumber yard. It was so stiff that he had to use both hands to open it's jaws. He
got it open wide enough to span the base of her tit, and he held it against her
chest and let the crushing jaws close. The pressure was unbelievable, and her
tit bulged as if it would explode. Then another clamp was placed on her other
tit, and in only seconds her tits were becoming discolored. A man she had never
seen before approached her with a dildo identical to the one in her ass. As he
began to work it into her cunt she felt faint, but soon, it too was fully in
her, and the man looked her in the eyes as he squeezed the bulb, once, twice, a
full six times. She knew she would explode, so great was the pressure in her
body. Another man approached her, and began swabbing her obscenely bulging tits
with alcohol, and the needles were next. She couldn't believe that she could
hardly feel the needles piercing her tits, but she could see them, two thru each
nipple and another dozen around the nipple, poking in and out of a small pinches
of tit-flesh. The skewers scared her, but she was in so much pain already that
she didn't even care, as the long silver spike pushed against the side of her
tit until the point broke thru the skin. She got a sick-to-your-stomach feeling
as she watched it slide thru her tit, poking the skin out on the other side,
until it's shiny point burst thru. Then her other tit was skewered the same way,
small trickles of blood dripping onto her stomach. A different man picked up a
paddle, and as if in a dream she saw it arc thru the air and make contact with
her bulging, skewered tits. Now she screamed, and she continued to scream as her
tits were whipped until they were almost black. Her feet remained on the top of
the stool. Her Daddy stood next to her, stroking her head,

  "Good girl, Kitten, good girl, almost done baby, almost done, be a good girl
for Daddy now, baby," he cooed to the almost hysterical girl.

  The Doctor spread the top of her cunt slit apart with his fingers and her clit
lay exposed on top of the huge, inflated dildo in her cunt. A small clamp was
placed directly on her clit, and a black wire led from the clamp to a box the
Doctor was holding.  Another clamp with another wire was attached to the end of
one of the skewers that protruded from her tits. She was aware of men pulling
their chairs closer, ice cubes rattling in whiskey glasses, and the horrible
pain in her body. They let her sit there for a few minutes, and then the Doctor
twisted a knob on the box. The electric current surged thru her and she
orgasmed, her feet shooting off the stool. She was so full of inflated rubber
cock that her feet could not reach the floor, and she could not put them back by
herself. Her Daddy picked up both rubber bulbs and gave each of them two more
squeezes.

  "Oh, yes," she thought, "give it to me, give it all to me," and the Doctor
twisted the knob again, and she orgasmed again, her feet dangling helplessly in
mid-air. Over and over the Doctor made her cum as she twitched like a puppet on
the end of a puppeteer's string. She felt hot splashes of cum hitting her body
as men jacked off on her body, unable to wait any longer. She started to topple
off the stool, and her Daddy held her, telling her what a good girl she was, as
the dildoes were deflated and the needles, skewers and clamps removed from her
tits. Her Daddy had to carry her to the car, as she could not walk, and indeed,
would not be able to walk for a few days.



  He bathed her and put her to bed, unable to take his eyes off of her body. Her
beaten, bruised ass,  and her tits all swollen and bruised, the puncture marks a
vivid red, excited him. She lay there like a rag doll as her father entered her
well-stretched asshole and fucked her. He covered her with a sheet.

  At dinner time that night, he told his wife that she wouldn't be coming down
for dinner, that she had a touch of a bug, and that he would be happy to bring
her up a plate.

  "Oh no, dear, " she said. I haven't even seen her for days. I'll do it."  And
mom carried a plate of food up to her daughter's room. She was sleeping, so she
set the food down next to the bed. Her daughter's angelic face and her long hair
were the only things visible above the sheet. Her mother stroked her hair,

  "Sorry to hear you're not feeling well, baby, but I'll leave you some food."
She opened her eyes and looked at her mother.

  "Oh, thanks mommy," she said softly, "I'll eat in a minute," she said, smiling
up at her mom.

  "You look so pale, Kitten. Is your father taking good care of you?"

  "Oh, yes, mommy, Daddy's taking real good care of me."

 She drifted back to sleep, knowing she was headed back to the Doctor's house
tomorrow. Her mother went back downstairs to join her husband for dinner....she
couldn't wait to tell him about her horrible day at work.



END, Night Visits by J.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





