BDSM Library - Repentence




Repentence
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: They wanted to dig some evidences of this criminal organisation. But things didn't go as they planned. Girls were tightly bound with detailed description.
Repentence
  
by Arthur
translated by Gillian B


Chapter 1
"Just for once, I would like to have an evening to myself," said the Director to
herself as she heard the door intercom buzz. A click on the remote control and
the face of her intrusive caller appeared on the monitor. "Li-Anne!" she said,
somewhat relieved to see the slender outline of her pretty Chinese-American
assistant.

"I'll switch off the alarm and you can come in," she told her visitor.

Having shut off the alarm, the Director stood in front of the mirror and tidied
her red hair, disheveled from being sprawled in front of the television. She
looked good in her short cotton dress, snugly fitted at the waistline and
showing off her shoulders and slender but firmly muscled arms.

Another button on the remote control allowed Li-Anne to pass through the
reinforced door into the apartment. The young woman was dressed entirely in
black leather: trousers, knee-length boots, a tight jacket and gloves. "Wearing
battledress Li-Anne?" asked the Director in surprise, not that she would have
entrusted a mission to this particular special agent.

Li-Anne looked worried. She spoke hurriedly, "I must explain quickly, Ma'am. I
have accomplices waiting for me in a van outside."

"Accomplices?" repeated the Director with raised eyebrows.

"Accomplices. Not mine, but my twin sister's"

The Director's expression was increasingly astonished, so Li-Anne explained
further, "I don't have a true twin sister, only a half-sister. I have not seen
her for years and because of that, I did not really expect to see her again."
The Director stared at the young woman, getting a little irritated by the length
of the preamble to her story. "Get to the point," she seemed to be saying. Her
wish was granted.

"I was kidnapped!"

"How did that happen?"

"Yesterday, while I was going back to my apartment, in the underground car park.
I parked my car. There was a hand over my mouth. They must have used chloroform.
It was horrible when I woke up. I was in a sort of dungeon, tied up tighter than
I ever had been before. I was on the ground on my front, hands tied behind my
back. My elbows tied too, almost touching. My ankles were crossed, folded back
against my bottom and tied to my wrists. Another rope bound my toes and pulled
them towards a strap jammed between my lips. The strap held a piece of cloth in
my mouth with an unpleasant bitter taste. You can imagine how I felt when I woke
up. And I forgot to say I was almost naked in that dank dungeon. The kidnappers
had left me in just my panties. I was glad they had at least left me those;
there was a rope (another one!) tight around my waist and the end went between
my thighs and was tied to my wrists. Every time I moved my hands it was torture
as my crotch was split in two by the rope.

"Split? Surely she exaggerates..." thought the Director, wishing just a little
that she could have enjoyed the sight of the beautiful Li-Anne, half-naked, in
her desperate plight.

"I was like that for an eternity... for hours anyway until at last the door
opened. I recognised my half-sister Mariko, all dressed in leather. Just for a
moment I hoped she had come to set me free. I was quickly disappointed; her
first words were to taunt me. She asked whether I enjoyed her taste in my mouth.
Do you realise, I had been gagged with my own sister's panties?!?

The Director understood perfectly. She nodded her head sympathetically as her
assistant spoke, but her thoughts were much less sympathetic...

Li-Anne continued, "After watching me for a long time, Mariko finally removed my
gag. I won't bother with all the details because we're in a hurry... The
important point is that she told me she worked for a criminal organisation whose
main objective I still don't know. On the other hand, I did get an explanation
for my abduction; they wanted to make use of our resemblance to each other by
putting me out of action and sending my sister here posing as me."

"But why?" the Director asked, puzzled.

"To kidnap you!" exclaimed Li-Anne loudly. "But why?" repeated the director.

"I don't know; Mariko didn't tell me that."

The Director raised her eyebrows, "But how is it that you are here and not this
unpleasant sister of yours? You should still be tied up in a dungeon..."

"...from which I escaped!"

"Tell me how!" demanded the Director, suspiciously.

Li-Anne continued her explanation, talking even faster, "Mariko had already
taken my gag off. I complained that my bonds were too tight. Mariko knew that;
she had tied me up herself. She only agreed to give me a little respite for a
few minutes. She released the rope which was bruising me between my legs and the
one which pulled my wrists so far my fingers could touch my heels! I asked her
to free my legs, which were very stiff, for a while but would only rub them.
That was enough; as soon as the circulation returned to my legs, I surprised her
by kicking her in the chest with both feet. Then I clamped her neck between my
knees and squeezed hard until she lost consciousness. With my hands still tied,
I searched through all the pockets in her leather outfit until I found a clasp
knife. After that it was child's play to free myself. I stripped her and slipped
on her clothes before tying her up in exactly the way I had been. I was able to
go before the head of the organisation and be mistaken for Mariko..."

"You identified the head? Who is it?"

"No, she interviewed me in a big room lit by a single lamp which was shining
right at me. I was only able to make out the silhouette of a large woman... I
think she had her hair in a bun."

"She discussed my abduction with you?"

"Yes, the plan seemed to have been worked out already and she was just giving me
the final instructions. Fortunately, Mariko had already explained some of it to
me; I was to pretend to be... me... in order to get into your stronghold and
neutralise you."

"She didn't tell you the reason for my abduction?"

"No, I don't know anything else about this organisation. Also, I was brought
here in the back of a van and I don't know the location of their
headquarters..."

The Director looked Li-Anne squarely in the eye, "I can see the only way to find
out more..."

"...is if I really kidnap you."

"The most serious risk in my opinion..."

"...is that Mariko could make them recognize her."

"You look exactly the same?"

"Just like identical twin sisters."

"Then there is no reason why they would believe her!"

"There is still a risk though."

"If this organization wants to capture me, the risk will always be there, just
as long as we don't know who they are."

"They are waiting for me. I must signal with the lights as soon as I put you out
of action."

"Then do it quickly."

"Let's say that I took you by surprise and overpowered you with some trick you
weren't expecting. Now, I will have to tie you up... just as Mariko would have
done."

"Let's do it. If you want, I have some scarves in those drawers."

"No need, this outfit has pockets full of different kinds of rope."

"OK, tie me up," said the Director. "Let's get on with it..."

She crossed her wrists and held them out. Li-Anne moistened her lips nervously
and shook her head, "Mariko would have tied your hands behind your back."

"Very well... let's put my hands behind my back," said the Director, turning
round and putting her arms behind her.

Li-Anne took a thin cotton rope and doubled it. She made three turns round the
Director's wrists horizontally then three turns vertically, before tying several
knots. She made three more horizontal turns and one last one vertically.

The Director looked straight in front of her impassively. Li-Anne took the two
ends of the rope up over the Director's bare shoulders, lifting her wrists up
into the hollow between her shoulder blades. Li-Anne passed the ends of the rope
under the Director's armpits and brought them back to the wrists, making several
more turns round them vertically before tying a last, very secure knot. She took
another rope, a little thicker than the first, wound it round the wrists
horizontally this time and took the ends out sideways to encircle the Director's
arms, above her elbows. Li-Anne tied them firmly and took them round to the back
again, where she tied them round round the wrists again.

The Director tried to move her arms, "Hmm... I think that's enough; I can't move
my hands at all."

In the mirror, she could see Li-Anne behind her with a slight smile on her face.
Li-Anne looked through her pockets for a third length of rope. The pretty
Chinese-American found what she was looking for, pursed her lips and said,
"Sorry... but for Mariko, it still isn't enough."

This rope was even thicker, a full half inch. Li-Anne made a loop which she put
over the Director's head like a necktie, letting the end hang down on her chest,
between her breasts. Taking it down over the Director's stomach, she guided it
between her thighs, rolling up the cotton dress with the other hand.

"The famous crotch rope..." commented the Director as the rope went up between
her buttocks and settled itself into the crack, despite the protection of her
fine pink silk panties.

"Yes, one of Mariko's favourite tricks. That's what she told me. She says there
is nothing quite as incapacitating as a rope cutting into the crotch.

"It does indeed seem dissuasive," agreed the Director, grimacing when Li-Anne
gave a sharp tug on the rope before tying it around her wrists wedged between
her shoulder blades. The Director tested her bonds again. She was now completely
immobilised. The least movement of her wrists caused a painful burning sensation
between her legs.

She turned her head and looked at Li-Anne coldly, "Don't you think that would be
enough for Mariko?"

"For the arms, certainly," agreed Li-Anne. "But there's still your legs."

The Director shook her head, "Obviously, but I thought you would tie them once
we were in the van?"

"No, the plan is for one of the others to come and help me carry you to the
vehicle. Can you sit down?"

The Director sat down on the dark red leather sofa slowly and carefully. The
rope between her legs made its presence felt and she tried to move with as
little pain as possible. She sat so as not to press her arms twisted up behind
her against the leather backrest but her efforts to lean forward made her dress
slide still further up her silk-covered thighs.

Li-Anne took another length of rope and wound it several times round the
Director's ankles, cinching it by tying the ends vertically betwen her ankles.
She prodeded to tie the thighs in the same way, just above the knees. The
Director examined the rope cutting into the flesh of her slender thighs desite
the nylon of her stockings.

"That will leave marks," she noted regretfully.

"Sorry, Ma'am," acknowledged Li-Anne in a tone of sincere contrititon, "but
Mariko tied me very tightly too. Do you want me to loosen the rope a little?"

The Director sighed, "No, it's OK. You're quite right; this has to be done
right. You have done a good job. I have never been tied up as well as this!"

Li-Anne helped her kneel on the Persian rug. She ran her fingers through the
Director's auburn hair and apologised, "One last detail and not a pleasant one.
Where do you put your dirty underwear?"

The Director understood what she meant at once. She grimaced, "Is that really
necessary? I have some very nice panties, clean and ironed in my dressing table
drawers."

"Sorry, again, Ma'am, but Mariko prefers to use panties that have been worn for
a long time and which are very smelly. I promise you that!"

"I believe you," the Director replied, with an air of resignation. "Look in the
utility room and you will find something to keep you happy there..."

The Director knelt quietly wile Li-Anne went to search in the utility room. She
returned holding a pair of black and tan panties like a trophy.

"Those will do," she acknowledged. Hesitantly, she continued, trying not to
laugh, "Have you kept them for at least a week?"

The Director gazed at her steadily, "I came three times while I was wearing
those. Does that suit your purpose?"

Li-Anne shrugged her shoulders and held the Director's pretty pointed nose. She
opened her mouth reflexively and Li-Anne stuffed in the panties, rolled in a
ball. She tied a stocking over it, which she had also retrieved from the dirty
clothes basket, and tied it tightly at the nape of the Director's neck,
eliciting a muffled snarl.

"I think we're ready," commented Li-Anne while she stood up and tugged gently on
the rope which held the Director's arms above her elbows, to check that it was
secure. That done, she switched the light off and on three times. Less than a
minute later a big black woman entered the apartment. The Director waited,
kneeling on the carpet, motionless in her bonds while Li-Anne held a gun to her
temple.

From her kneeling position, the captive looked up at the newcomer. At first
sight, the woman could not have been more impressive. She was over six feet tall
with broad black shoulders and arms like a bodybuilder, shown off by a white
tank top which barely contained her ample chest. Her khaki shorts were almost
too tight for her powerful thighs. She wore heavy boots with white socks rolled
down to her ankles. The Director was fascinated by her hair; it was not crinkly
but stiff, worn in a crew cut and cropped very short on the temples. Her
physique and her hair style gave her a masculine bearing, moderated by the fine
features of her face out of which shone dark eyes with long lashes.She had a
full, greedy mouth, its thick lips coloured with a fiery red lipstick. The
Director was just thinking that the hair must have been trated in some way when
she was grabbed by the woman and slung over her shoulder like a parcel. The
black bodybuilder held the Director with one arm across her knees, her head
hanging down behind the black woman's bare shoulder. She was carried to the
waiting vehicle in this dubious and humiliating fashion.

The Director expected to be put on the floor of the van but it was not to be.
The black woman sat her on one of the benches along the sides of the van and sat
on her left, Li-Anne taking the seat opposite. A muscular arm gripped her round
the neck, pressing her tightly against the giantess. Her bare arms, bound behind
her back were painfully crushed between her back and the metal side of the van.
The vehicle started.

The first unpleasant sensation for the captive was to feel the gaze of her
neighbour fixed on her thighs which were now uncovered up to her stocking tops.
The pressure of the woman's powerful black thigh against her leg was not at all
innocent. The Director would have liked to pull the hem of her dress down but
was powerless with her hands bound behind her back. Squashed against her jailer
like this it was not even possible to twist enough to make her dress move down
even an inch.

The second unpleasant sensation was the way Li-Anne, sitting opposite her,
looked at her with an ironic glint in her eye. The Director realised that her
assistant appreciated the position she had put her superior into. "And what if
it's really Mariko and not Li-Anne at all? Then they would have caught me like
an amateur!"

Finally the third unpleasant sensation was much more immediate and physical; the
weather was very hot on this August evening and even hotter in the back of this
van which had been parked in the sun all day. The passenegers all perspired
profusely. The Director had her head wedged in the black woman's armpit. The
woman apparently never bothered to shave there and the long frizzy hairs were
soaked with the flow of sweat. The odour was unbearable for the gagged prisoner,
forced to breathe through her nose. She tried to breathe using her mouth but
that only made the taste of her panties in her mouth worse and did not let any
fresh air in.

For the first time in this escapade, the Director was surprised to see a look of
compassion in Li-Anne's eyes. The girl was sitting opposite them, fully six feet
away but still able to smell the giantess's pungent odour and could well imagine
how it must be for the captive stuck right at its source.

The rear windows of the van were tinted and it was impossible for the Director
to judge the route it took. She could tell that it was a long journey. She could
not check the time as her watch was out of sight on one of the wrists twisted up
behind her back. She could just make out Li-Anne's watch and she thought they
had been travelling for nearly two hours when the van finally stopped.

Li-Anne opened the door and the giantess took up her load again, the Director's
nose now pressed against a sweaty shoulderblade.

From her precarious viewpoint, the prisoner was hardly able to make out their
surroundings in the dark. They seemed to be in wooded parkland. They reached a
huge white-walled mansion and climbed a wide staircase. There was a succession
of corridors after that. She did not even make the effort to lift her head as
they went. The effort was too painful and the information gained worthless.

The black woman ended the journey by tipping the Director over her shoulder. She
fell onto a stone floor. The giantess broke her fall as she dropped her. Being
dumped down like a bundle of wood was worse than the fall itself.

She was not left on the floor for long. Li-Anne helped the black woman lift her
onto her knees and dragged her to a device whose purpose the Director understood
immediately and which sent a shiver up her spine. It was a wooden bar held about
four inches off the floor on two iron supports embedded in the flagstones. The
Director was forced to kneel on the bar.

"Hold her, Mariko!" commanded the black woman as she took a length of red rope.
Li-Anne took hold of the Director's arms, insinuating her pale bronze fingers
into her armpits. The black woman had tied the rope around the bar to the right
of the captive's knees. She passed it over the top of her calves, through the
hollow behind the bent knees and tied it to the bar on the left of the knees.
The woman ran the rope back through the hollow behind the knees and, with
obvious pleasure, forced her right hand between the thighs to thread the rope
through. She wound the rope vertically twice round the bonds securing the
Director's knees and the bar. The knees were so tightly bound that the woman had
to push the rope between the thighs quite high up, her hand lingering on the
naked flesh above the tops of the Director's stockings.

That done, the woman stood to attention on the Director's right while Li-Anne
did the same on the left.




Repentence

by Arthur
translated by Gillian B


Chapter 2
She only had to wait ten minutes, but it seemed to be an eternity to the
Director, kneeling painfully on the wooden bar. "At least it's round," she
thought to herself, shuddering at the thought of the torment she would have had
to endure had the bar been triangular.

The head of the organisation made an entrance as theatrical as one could ask to
see. A pale red light illuminated the door as she crossed the threshold
majestically, with her long black braided hair flowing over her shoulders. She
was wearing a panther skin robe cinched at the waist by a braided leather belt.
The robe was very short and almost reached the tops of thigh-length antelope
skin boots moulded to her long legs. Her wide, magnificent eyes brilliant within
her beautiful ebony face were highlit in pale pink as were the full lips of her
imperious mouth. Two guards followed her, matching her slow measured pace, each
with a sub-machine gun under a bare arm. They were less muscular than the
giantess but nevertheless well built, their athletic bodies emphasised by their
panther skin tunics knotted on the left shoulder, leaving the right shoulder
completely bare.

"If this organisation wants to conquer the world," the Director said to herself,
dazzled by the beauty of the woman who had just come to a halt in front of her,
"they can put forward arguments that few men will be able to resist."

The Director observed that, other than Mariko, all the members of this
mysterious organisation seemed to be of African origin.

The woman stood for a few minutes studying the prisoner who withstood her gaze
unflinchingly. Her cold, expressionless face showed a glint of amusement when
the Director twisted slightly in an effort to relieve her knees which were
beginning to cause her great pain.

"So, here we have the famous Director," she pronounced at length.

The director shook her head.

"Captive but not defeated, it would seem," the woman commented, impressed by the
expression in the Director's eyes; steady and determined, despite the bonds
which twisted her arms up behind her back, the rope cutting into her crotch, her
knees in pain from the bar and the gag which distended her cheeks. Most people
in her place would be uncomfortable to say the very least. If she were, the
Director never allowed it to show.

The woman in her panther-skin robe held a riding crop in her right hand. She
tapped the palm of her left hand with it as she circled her catch, admiring the
way her arms were twisted behind her back.

The Director felt like a child punished by a headmistress, on her knees and with
her hands behind her back. However, there was only a passing resemblance. After
all, a naughty child is not forced to kneel on a bar, gagged with her own
panties, a rope cutting into her crotch and her arms twisted behind her back and
bound!

"Remove her gag!"

Li-Anne untied the stocking knotted at the nape of the prisoner's neck and
helped extract the panties which the Director pushed out with her tongue. She
held the saliva-soaked cloth by the tips of her fingers and, with an expression
of disgust, threw it aside. The Director moved her jaw to loosen it while the
beautiful black woman returned to her position in front of her.

"Welcome to the kingdom of the Makouris, my dear lady," she said with an ironic
smile.

The Director returned her gaze, "I would appreciate the welcome more if you were
to have me untied and allowed me to rise."

The woman placed a foot against her chest and pushed her gently back a few
centimetres. "Sorry, my dear, but it is in this position that captives must be
presented to Khamba, eternal Queen of the Makouris." "The Makouris?" asked the
director, nonplussed.

The Queen was about to answer when a hubbub drew everyone's attention to the
entrance from the hall. Li-Anne trembled and the Director steeled herself not to
let anything of her emotions show. Li-Anne's half-sister was brought in, pushed
by a guard, another ebony athlete in the panther-skin uniform.

"But I am Mariko! I am Mariko!" the slender girl protested. The guard poked her
with the barrel of her gun.

"This girl claims to be Mariko, O powerful Queen," explained the guard, holding
Mariko by her left arm, which was twisted behind her back.

Li-Anne noted that her half-sister was bound as she had been left in the
dungeon, except that her legs had been untied. Mariko had therefore remained
captive while Li-Anne went to 'kidnap' the Director. She would have to play a
cautious game. Seeing the Queen's questioning look, she rushed over to her
half-sister and slapped her as she turned to the guard. "Why did you leave the
dungeon? I did not authorise it!"

The girl turned to the Queen, anxious in the face of Li-Anne's fury. "Your
Majesty, I meant no wrong. I only wanted to give the prisoner something to drink
and when I removed her gag, she told me she was really Mariko. I did not believe
it but she was so insistent that I really had to release her legs and bring her
here before you, but I kept her arms securely bound."

Li-Anne's heart skipped a beat as she heard Queen Khamba answer quietly, "You
were quite right. We can easily verify her identity."

The Director twisted her hands, pinioned behind her back. The situation smelled
of danger and she was powerless, completely helpless while Mariko waited, legs
akimbo, arms bound behind her back, looking at her half-sister with a faint
smile.

The Queen pointed to Mariko and said to the guard, "Pull her panties down."

Mariko did not falter while two black fingers slid under the fabric, drawing her
sheer panties down over her hips. Indeed, she tightened her stomach muscles to
display her mound better. Just above the bush of black hair, a small green and
yellow snake was tattooed on her skin. Mariko grinned broadly at her
half-sister, "A small detail that you didn't know about, little sister. The only
way to tell us apart, it's true but..."

Without hesitation, Li-Anne launched herself forwards. With a kick, she dazed
the giantess, then, spinning round, disarmed the two guards who protected the
Queen. She was about to pounce on Khamba, when two black arms grabbed her from
behind, coming up under her armpits to grip the back of her neck. The grip was
firm but not enough to hold Li-Anne, who, with a twist of the hip made the third
guard somersault over her. Lithe as a snake, she dived for the floor, and rolled
to reach a machine-gun dropped by one of the guards. As she closed her hand, she
let out a piercing cry. A bare foot had crushed her hand. At the same time, she
felt a violent blow to her back. It was Mariko. Her arms were still bound behind
her back but her feet were free. And she knew how to use them.

Li-Anne rolled on her side to escape her half-sister's feet, but another foot
struck her a terrific blow on her side. Four strong arms gripped her by the
shoulders and raised her up. It was the Queen's two bodyguards, who had
recovered quickly. The two girls in their panther-skin tunics held Li-Anne
firmly. She blanched as she found herself face to face with the giantess, whose
expression suggested that she had not appreciated being kicked on the chin. With
a malevolent grin, she leapt forward and delivered a devastating punch to
Li-Anne's stomach. Li-Anne doubled over in pain, despite the guards' hands
supporting her. The guards hauled her upright to receive a second punch.
Completely winded, Li-Anne could not prevent them from holding her up for a
third punch.

"Enough!" ordered the Queen, her voice brooking no argument. "Sangra, you will
kill her. It is still too soon for that. Bind her securely and return her to the
dungeon. She will give us some peace that way."

"If you please, Your Majesty," Mariko asked, "let me tie her up. I am due my
revenge."

"You are due nothing from me," answered the Queen severely, "since through your
error, you almost ruined my plan! You will remain bound until I decide
differently.

Mariko bowed her head in submission. The Queen's orders were without appeal. She
remained standing, her arms bound behind her while Sangra took a long length of
rope. The two guards had let go of Li-Anne and retrieved their weapons. One kept
her gun trained on Li-Anne while the other held hers pressed against the
Director's temple.

"Strip!" the giantess ordered as she unwound the rope.

Li-Anne had recovered her breath. She was standing upright again when the order
came. As she appeared not to wish to comply, the black giantess raised her huge
fist. Li-Anne understood her position immediately; she had just been overpowered
by four terrifying opponents, five, counting Mariko, who despite her bound arms
had played a part in her defeat. Having been devastated by the giantess's
punches, she did not want to start another unequal fight which would lead to her
sustaining more damage.

"OK, keep cool," she said, lowering her arms to within a few inches of her
thighs. With a sigh of resignation and an apologetic glance towards the
Director, still kneeling impassively, she unzipped her leather suit at the
shoulders. She worked as quickly as possible so as not to give the impression of
putting on a striptease. In less than a minute she was almost completely naked,
wearing only her black and purple panties. She folded her arms across her chest.

"Strip completely," the giantess insisted, her tone threatening.

Li-Anne pursed her lips and glanced at the panties which represented the last
bastion of her modesty. Very slowly, she slipped them down the length of her
fine golden thighs. She offered the panties to the giantess. "I expect you want
to use these to gag me?" she asked, in a tone of appeasement.

"No, I have something better for that..." retorted the ebony giantess.

One of the guards had gone to fetch another bundle of ropes. Sangra tossed them
down on the floor behind Li-Anne, keeping one in her hands. Circling round the
young woman, she brutally pulled her arms back behind her and bound her wrists
with her hands palm to palm. The woman had colossal strength and Li-Anne's arms
had been twisted very painfully. She had been too surprised to hold back her
gasp of pain. In the face of the guards' derision, she bit her lip to deny them
the pleasure of hearing her cry out.

The giantess had bound Li-Anne's wrists firmly. The rope was a long one and she
continued to wind it round Li-Anne's forearms. She knotted it just below the
elbows and brought the rope down to pass below the wrist binding and then up
again towards the elbows, where she tied a secure knot, pulling hard on the rope
to form a cinch. Li-Anne's forearms were now clamped firmly to each other,
locked in a sleeve of rough hemp encircling them from wrist to elbow. Sangra
stepped back to admire the visual effect

of her ropework. Li-Anne's shoulders were pulled back and her pretty pear-shaped
breasts thrust forwards. Sangra decided to accentuate the curve of her
prisoner's back still further. She ran a second rope behind Li-Anne's neck and
brought it under her armpits, above her bound elbows, drawing them still closer
together. Li-Anne bit her lip in vain; she could not hold back a moan when the
knot cruelly bit into the skin of her right arm.

"Is my pretty girl not feeling well?" mocked Sangra cruelly. "You will get used
to it. Pain is not so very different from pleasure, you know."

To start with, the Queen had watched the giantess's work but now had lost
interest and turned her attention back to the Director, who waited discreetly,
as she needs must, watching events unfold.

"A few moments ago you asked me who the Makouris were," Khamba recapped as
Sangra tied another rope, thicker than the others around Li-Anne's slender
waist. "The Makouris were our ancestors. I need not remind you how the blacks of
America were torn from their land in Africa. So it was with our ancestors, who
had built a kingdom fortified by the mountains surrounding it."

Sangra's large black fingers opened Li-Anne's crotch. Li-Anne was blushing
deeply at the indignity of being handled like this. She took some consolation
that no-one but Sangra seemed to be interested in her fate any more. The Queen
continued her account, while she was being bound. She felt less exposed, but a
glance at Mariko showed her that she was not missing any detail of her
half-sister being tied up by the giantess. Mariko stood to one side, casually
leaning on a pillar, her gaze riveted to Li-Anne's crotch, now split by the
thick rope around her waist, which the giantess drew up between her buttocks,
pulling with all her might. Li-Anne tipped her head back to cry out in pain but
only let out a deep moan then pursed her lips in a pained grimace as the
giantess fastened the rope to her wrist binding.

"Very neat, that big white rope making a track through your bush," commented
Mariko in a low voice. Li-Anne heard this aside and blushed more deeply with
shame. To be exposed naked like this was in itself an attack on her modesty, but
to be bound with this thick rope pressing into her crotch, especially with her
half-sister watching, was absolutely unbearable. She hung her head to hide the
tears welling up in her tightly shut eyes.

The Queen was telling the story of how the Makouris Amazons were defeated after
dominating the heart of Africa for centuries. They had been overcome by an army
of Wapiris, engaged by a small troop of slave traders. Their firearms had got
the better of the proud women warriors. Those who had nod died in the battle
were roped together and carried off to the coast, where the slavers chained them
up in the hold of their ship for the terrible voyage to the slave markets of the
southern United States.

Khamba was interrupted by Li-Anne, protesting vehemently, "You will not put
those revolting things in my mouth! No way!"

Sangra had removed her heavy combat boots and taken off her thick woollen socks.
She had rolled one into a ball, which would fill Li-Anne's mouth twice over and
pushed it against her lips. Li-Anne wrinkled up her nose in an effort to avoid
the odour of Sangra's feet.

"If you don't like the smell, then close up your nose," taunted Sangra, pinching
Li-Anne's nose between her powerful fingers. Li-Anne resisted for almost two
minutes while the Queen broke off her story to observe the scene. Suffocating,
Li-Anne at last gave way and opened her mouth wide. Sangra took the opportunity
to push the sock between her teeth. With the fingers of one-hand, she held
Li-Anne's mouth still, while with the other hand, she forced the stinking fabric
behind Li-Anne's teeth. When the sock reached her throat, the dreadful taste was
almost too much to bear.

Sangra took the second sock and wrapped it over Li-Anne's mouth, her lips held
apart by the first sock. She pulled it tight, then knotted it at the back of her
neck. Li-Anne was breathing hard through her nose, suffocated and nauseated by
the wool, redolent of foot odour and forcing her mouth wide open.

Li-Anne groaned behind her enormous gag when Sangra slipped two large fingers
under the rope which cut into her crotch. The rope was as tight as a violin
string and it needed all the giantess's strength to get her fingers between
Li-Anne's mound and the hemp. She tugged sharply leading her prisoner, surprised
and in pain, towards the door.

"Back to the dungeon!" she instructed, steering her victim towards the dank
cellars.




Repentence

by Arthur
translated by Gillian B


Chapter 3
Li-Anne awoke with a start. A horrible cramp tortured her left shoulder. She
remembered how she had met this painful fate. Late the previous night, the cruel
Sangra had left her like this on the concrete floor of the dungeon, which was
fortunately slightly warm, after finishing tying her up. Already securely bound
at arm level, she was made to sit on the floor and allow her ankles to be bound
and then her thighs. The terrible Amazon had turned her over onto her stomach as
if she was handling a parcel and then used a very short rope to link her ankles
to her wrists which were welded to her buttocks with rope. As is that was not
enough, she then wrapped Li-Anne's big toes with a thin cord and tied it to the
rope which bound her elbows. All the time that the giantess was so carefully
tying her, Li-Anne had only been able to make growling sounds, muffled by the
enormous dirty sock which distended her mouth, growls which became more angry
with each new knot cruelly tightened or each caress to her naked and defenceless
body. Li-Anne did not take this treatment peacefully but kicked out furiously,
despite the pain which the ropes inflicted on her with the least movement.

These futile kicks amused the Amazon who had stayed behind to caress and pinch
the captive, even tickling her under the arms for the pleasure of seeing her
writhe in her bonds.

It finished with Sangra planting a kiss on Li-Anne's sock-filled cheek and
wishing her a good night. A good night! Li-Anne spent the first hours of
solitude trying to free herself. Her predicament was simple, she was lying flat
on her stomach on the concrete floor, her arms and legs well and truly welded to
her back. Each movement of her arms was torment for her toes and each twist of
her wrists a torture for her crotch, with the rope cutting deeply into it.
Li-Anne had been reduced to making slow, minute movements of her hands in the
faint hope that the rope might slip. These futile movements were particularly
painful for her wrists, secured with rough hemp, but counteracted the growing
numbness from her hands being so tightly tied behind her back.

Li-Anne had to admit that she had been tied by an expert every bit as skilful as
Mariko. She was unable to move an inch nor to loosen her bonds by even a
fraction of that, yet although her limbs were painfully tightly bound, her
circulation had not been cut off.

Tired out by bruising her wrists to no purpose, Li-Anne was exhausted enough to
sink into a troubled sleep haunted by nightmares in which she was wedged into a
narrow pit.

Waking up was particularly painful. After hours of forced immobility, unpleasant
tingling sensations ran along her numb limbs. Her hands felt as though they had
doubled in volume and there was no sensation in her fingers. Her shoulders,
twisted behind her, were tormented by horrible cramps.

Stiff and numb like this, Li-Anne had lost even her faint hope of fighting
against her bonds. Nevertheless she resumed the small circular movements of her
wrists with the aim of restoring a little sensitivity to her fingers.

Sangra had left the overhead light on. While continuing to move her hands, which
she was now rubbing against each other, Li-Anne studied her prison as well as
she could. The dungeon was a small room, all concrete with no windows. The
furniture consisted of only two steel chairs. Turning her head to the left, she
could see a bidet and a shower in the corner. Straight ahead, the wall was
blank. To look behind required her to perform a difficult half turn. She
struggled to move by pushing with her stomach muscles until she was facing the
back wall. Alas, it too was quite bare, as bare as her bound body and offering
nothing which might release her from her bonds.

Li-Anne heaved a sigh into the sock which had been soaking up all her saliva for
hours, concentrating the disgusting taste in her mouth stuffed with filthy wool.

The exertion had slightly alleviated the numbness in her limbs and in a last
crazy effort, Li-Anne rolled over onto her side. Her idea was to rub the rope
binding her wrists against the concrete. Alas, she was quickly disenchanted; her
hands were bound in the middle of her back and it was impossible to get them to
slip to the side. Her only chance of getting the rope in contact with the
concrete was if she turned herself right over onto her back, but she realised
that if she did that, she would trap her hands under her own weight and not be
able to do much after that.

There seemed to be only one course of action possible; she started to make small
movements with her shoulders (large movements were impossible anyway) in the
hope of rubbing the rope securing her elbow against the concrete floor so that
it would slip or better still would wear through and break.

After hours of this interminable and undoubtedly useless rubbing the door of the
dungeon opened. Now that the captive was facing the wall, she had to twist her
head round painfully to look over her painfully bent shoulder to see Mariko
looking at her with her perpetually mocking air.

Mariko looked splendid, dressed entirely in white leather studded with gold. She
wore a very short skirt, just covering her bottom, thigh length boots and a
small blouson belted at the waist.

Mariko stood, legs slightly apart and hands on hips, in front of her half-sister
lying bound on the floor. "How do I look, little sister? Sexy? If you are
sensible, perhaps I will lend you my outfit like I did before. I know you don't
like being naked like that. Poor thing, you might catch cold."

"Save me the sarcasm," the captive tried to reply, but all that passed her gag
were muffled growls.

Li-Anne's groans became louder as her sister placed the heel of her right boot
on her shoulder blade, pressing painfully on the naked skin.

"Do you know that because of you I spent the night bound hand and foot at the
foot of the Queen's bed with her panties wedged against my nose?" She pressed
her heel down harder into the flesh of the shoulder. Li-Anne looked up,
exhaustion in her face. "You don't look very well, little sister... Do you want
me to take your gag off?"

Li-Anne replied by nodding with conviction. Mariko knelt in front of her,
leather-clad knees pressed against the small nose which emerged over the
enormous sock tied around her face.

It's just as well it's you, because you don't deserve it," taunted Mariko as she
untied the sock. Released at last, Li-Anne tried to use her tongue to push out
the sock which seemed to have filled her mouth for all eternity but it was too
big to go past her teeth easily. With an expression of disgust, Mariko reached
into her half-sister's mouth with two fingers and grasped the sock, sticky with
saliva. Slowly she drew it out past the pretty white teeth while Li-Anne flexed
her jaw to ease the passage of the terrible gag.

"Poo!" exclaimed Mariko, throwing the wet wool down on the concrete. Sangra
really has no taste... socks! My little panties would have been so much better,
wouldn't they?"

Li-Anne coughed and spat. The taste of the sock lingered in her mouth. In a
hoarse voice, she replied, "Why can't you just use a handkerchief to gag
people?"

"Just be grateful that I removed it! And what do you say to your nice kind
sister?"

Li-Anne looked her sister steadily in the eye, but aware of her position of
inferiority, offered an unconvincing "Thank you". She looked over her shoulder
at the ropes criss-crossing around her arms. "What about the rest?" Mariko
looked at her for a long time before replying, "I do not think..."

"Does that mean that I will be kept with my hands tied behind my back?"

"I fear so."

"For how long? Can you at least tell me that?"

"I don't know," answered Mariko with an ironic smile, "but I can tell you that
we like to look after our guests, and for a long time too."

"Well, then, treat them a little better!" retorted Li-Anne, grimacing in pain.
She had wanted to straighten her knees a little and that had caused the rope to
pull painfully on her wrists and as a side-effect on the rope bruising her
crotch. "Listen, Mariko, if I have to be your prisoner, I want to ask you for
two things. First to let me relieve myself; it's getting urgent! And then let me
have a bath. I feel so dirty..."

"It's true," commented Mariko, "that you have been sweating. But you don't smell
as bad as Sangra's socks."

Li-Anne blushed, humiliated once again by that cutting remark, but refrained
from answering; there was nothing to gain by annoying her half-sister.

"Only," continued Mariko, "I still don't want you playing another dirty trick on
me. I know that you are formidable even with your hands tied behind your back."

She leaned out through the door and yelled down the corridor, "Guards! Guards!"

A few moments later, the two black athletes joined Mariko in the cell where
Li-Anne lay. Reassured by their presence, Mariko decided to untie the bonds
which immobilised her half-sister on the concrete floor. She started with the
toes, then ankles, arms and finally the rope tightened in Li-Anne's crotch. Her
hands still bound behind her back, Li-Anne relieved her arms by making circular
movements with her shoulders. She remained lying on her stomach, certain that
her numbed legs would not support her weight for a few minutes. Mariko poked her
with the toe of her boot, "Come on, you lazy girl, aren't you going to get up?

"It's not that easy! I feel as though I have about a million needles in my legs!
And my arms! Won't you untie my hands?"

Mariko smiled, "I don't think so. You see how greatly we respect you? I think
that even with three of us, we could not be sure of keeping you under control if
your hands were free."

Li-Anne grimaced, partly flattered, partly annoyed. "Thanks for the compliment,
but it won't be easy with my hands tied."

Mariko laughed candidly, "Come on, Li-Anne, don't underestimate yourself. Peeing
won't be a problem; you are already completely naked the toilet is right there.
As for the bath, sorry, but it will be a shower... and I will see to it!"
Li-Anne wrinkled her nose; this was exactly what she wanted to avoid. With a
sigh, she rose and stepped hesitantly towards the basin. She stopped short.
"Mariko, my hands are tied behind my back. You don't have to supervise me while
I..." She remained silent and clenched her jaw as she looked at the toilet.
Mariko smiled mockingly and snapped her fingers. The two guards turned their
backs on her order but Mariko remained facing Li-Anne.

"I meant you too, Mariko."

"Come on, you didn't think we would all turn our backs towards you, not when
your legs are free. Don't be silly, after all, we are sisters, aren't we?"

Li-Anne looked at her sister reproachfully, but recognising her quiet
determination, she sighed once more and, lowering her gaze, squatted over the
toilet. She kept her head down but she still felt her sister's eyes fixed on
her. Once she had finished, she stood up again, using her bound hands to support
her against the wall.

"Do you want me to clean you up?"

"No," replied Li-Anne shortly, "but you could flush the toilet if you want to
make yourself useful."

"Well done!" said Mariko, not without a degree of admiration for her
half-sister's aplomb which enabled her to maintain silence despite her
humiliating predicament. Mariko flushed the toilet and pointed out the shower to
Li-Anne. The shower was rectangular depression about 6 inches deep in the
concrete floor, with a steel bar attached to the wall, from which was hung a
circular shower head.

As Li-Anne hesitated as she was about to step into the shower, Mariko took her
by the elbow and steered her under the bar. She took a short rope and lifted the
mass of black hair which tumbled over the back of her half sister's neck. She
tied a slip-knot round Li-Anne's neck. The two sisters were with in a few inches
of each other, Mariko with a glint of mischief in her eye, Li-Anne icy and
impassive, even when her sister pulled the slip-knot tight, threatening to
strangle her. Mariko tied the other end of the rope to the bar above Li-Anne's
head, and slackened the knot slightly. Li-Anne was able to breathe again and
turned towards Mariko, who took down the shower nozzle and aimed it at her. The
water scored a direct hit on her; fortunately it was only warm. Mariko set it to
full power and enjoyed watching her sister twisting first one way then the other
under the water pressure.

"Stop!" shouted Li-Anne as the water struck her in the chest, her bound hands
quite unable to protect it.

"Turn round then and show me your back cheeks, so I can get them clean!"

Li-Anne turned round, happy to escape from the water hitting her full in the
face. It was much less painful from behind and Li-Anne relaxed a little. Mariko
shut off the water and came up to the naked and dripping figure of her
half-sister. Putting her hand on a wet shoulder, she asked, innocently, "Would
you like me to soap you?"

"No point," Li-Anne answered, looking straight ahead, "I believe that I am quite
well washed."

Mariko planted her nose on the soft skin of Li-Anne's chest. "Hmm, you still
smell a little sweaty. It's a pity we didn't think of soap in the dungeons..."

"What are you doing now, Mariko?" a female voice thundered behind her.

Li-Anne saw the huge figure of Sangra enter. She held a rope in her left hand.
The other end of the rope bound the Director's wrists forcing her to follow the
giantess as if on a leash. The Director still wore her short light dress, now
quite crumpled. She had been freed from all the ropes which Li-Anne had used to
bind her the previous day and only her hands were tied in front of her with the
rope that Sangra held. She was however, still well gagged.

Mariko turned round sharply to face the giantess. In an uncertain voice, she
replied, "I was simply giving the prisoner a shower."

"Stupid, don't you remember what she did to you the last time you allowed her a
little air? I had tied her up so she couldn't do anything..."

"Hung up by her neck, she can't do very much," Mariko pointed out.

The Director and Li-Anne looked at each other, each trying to gauge the state of
exhaustion of the other. Li-Anne interrupted the other two women's conversation,
"Please could we have something to eat? I have not eaten anything for two days
and unless you decided to make me die of hunger..."

Sangra grabbed Li-Anne's hair in her huge hand and pulled her face against a
muscular shoulder.

"Oh, the poor dear thing is hungry..." She felt Li-Anne's wet waistline. "You
are rather skinny, but don't worry, my beauty, we won't let you waste away."

She lapped her hands. The two guards left the cell and returned almost
immediately with two bowls of rice. At a signal from Sangra, who had just made
Li-Anne sit on the floor and had bound her crossed ankles, the guards set the
bowls down on the concrete. The Director, who was now held on her leash by
Mariko, shook the rope with her hands. Having attracted attention, she pointed
to her gag with one finger.

"True, it wouldn't be easy to eat with that in your mouth," the giantess
conceded. "Mariko, take her gag off."

Mariko untied the Director's stocking gag. She coughed and spat out her own
panties which she had been tasting for a full twelve hours. She sat down next to
Li-Anne and gave her a sad and resigned little smile. "Hello, Li-Anne."

"Hello, Boss," Li-Anne replied answered simply.

"Don't waste too much time on ceremony. Your banquet won't last very long,"
remarked Sangra dryly.

"How can I eat my rice with my hands behind my back?" demanded Li-Anne,
indignantly.

"Get on with it; I'm sure you can manage. Dogs can do it well enough can't
they?" roared the giantess.

Li-Anne looked up at them from her squatting position. It was not the physical
act of lapping up her rice that distressed her so much as having to do it in
front of four witnesses, five including the Director who could at least use her
fingers to eat her rice. If it had been only a question of hunger, she would
have crawled to the bowl without hesitation, but she was paralysed by shame.

The Director leaned forward and took a handful of rice with her bound hands and
instead of lifting it to her own mouth, she offered it to Li-Anne. The young
woman sighed, "Thank you!" and swallowed the mouthful of rice. The Director fed
her the rest of the bowl the same way.

"What a beautiful gesture," Sangra commented coldly. The Director now took
Li-Anne's bowl and moved it closer so that she could have some food too. The
giantess allowed her to take two mouthfuls then grabbed her wrist. "We don't
have time for that. Meal time has finished!"

She handed the rope which bound the Director's wrists to Mariko, who wound it
round her own wrist, shortening the leash. As Mariko was standing up, the
Director had to lift her hands above her head.

"What do you want to do to us now?" she asked in a tired voice.

"For now, to keep you quiet," Mariko replied and with her free hand she pushed
the Director's saliva-soaked panties back into the mouth she had been rash
enough to open. She bent down and re-tied the stocking over the panties,
trapping her hair under the gag.

While this was happening, Sangra had retrieved the socks from the floor and
restored them to their former place, one in and one over Li-Anne's mouth, to her
utter despair. After waiting a moment to enjoy the prisoners' look of defeat,
once again choked and despondent in their disgusting gags.

"I will entrust them to you. Keep them securely tied, especially this little
pest," Sangra instructed Mariko. "I am more worried about her. I will deal with
her when I have time, but the Queen is waiting for me now.

"You can count on me," replied Mariko. She had a long rope and advanced on the
captives like a panther stalking its prey.




Repentence

by Arthur
translated by Gillian B


Chapter 4
"At last!" said said Li-Anne with relief when Mariko followed her two bodyguards
out of the dungeon. At the very least, she would be able to think about some way
to escape.

Mariko had spent a good half hour binding Li-Anne, following Sangra's
instructions to the letter. She had made her sit on one of two metal chairs. She
had drawn her ankles to each side of the chair and bound them to the bars
connecting the chair legs. Li-Anne had realised with alarm that her thighs were
spread wide and exposed her nakedness. She blushed scarlet as she felt the gaze
of the four other women, Mariko, the guards and the Director all fixed on her
open crotch.

After securing her ankles, Mariko bound each of Li-Anne's thighs, tying them
just above the knee to the tops of the front legs of the chair. Once she was
certain that the bonds were firm, she released her half-sister's wrists, to her
great surprise. Li-Anne heaved a great sigh of relief, when she could at last
bring her completely numb arms in front of her. Having seen the deep grooves in
her wrists and forearms, Mariko had allowed herself a gesture of compassion
towards her half-sister. She granted her five minutes' respite which Li-Anne
used to massage her tender limbs.

"Is that better?" asked Mariko with a note of genuine concern in her voice, to
Li-Anne's surprise. Did Mariko still harbour sisterly feelings towards her? What
followed dispelled any doubt. Without any apparent concern for the angry stripes
on Li-Anne's wrists, Mariko crossed them behind her back and began to wrap a
doubled rope around them horizontally. After knotting the rope tightly, she
wound the rope round vertically. She repeated this operation another ten times
and with each turn, vertical or horizontal, she tied a knot which she tightened
with all her might.

Flanked by the two athletes in their leopardskin costumes, the Director could
only offer support to her colleague with her eyes. It was little enough comfort.
Mariko had tied a rope round Li-Anne's waist and it hardly surprised her to see
that rope threaded between her thighs and passed up between her buttocks then
attached to her wrists. That rope was, however not pulled really tight. Another
rope passed below Li-Anne's naked breasts to tie her to the top bar of the chair
back. The rope encircled her again, passing above her bust and digging deep
furrows in her tender flesh.

Li-Anne soon understood why her crotch rope had not been tightened. Mariko took
a tuft of her hair at the back of her neck and braided it into a short plait
which she tied with a length of thin cord finished off with a slip knot. She
took another length of thin rope and used it to bind Li-Anne's thumbs. She
pulled the cord upwards, lifting Li-Anne's hands until they were between her
shoulder blades. Mariko passed the end of the rope through the loop of cord
attached to Li-Anne's hair and pulled hard. Li-Anne could not lift her hands any
higher and was forced to tilt her head further and further back. She moaned into
her gag; by lifting her bound hands, the crotch rope had been pulled very tight
and when Mariko tied the end of the rope to her wrists, she could not move her
arms a single millimetre. Li-Anne's groans grew louder. Possibly worried about
injuring her half-sister seriously, Mariko loosened her gag. Li-Anne coughed
painfully when the dreadful sock was removed from her mouth.

"So, what are you trying to say to me?"

"It's too tight," Li-Anne replied with a pained grimace on her face.

Mariko examined the bonds securing her half sister. They were indeed very tight
but would not interfere with her circulation. Li-Anne felt this way because her
back was arched back in an extreme position, which was painful, and would grow
more so with the passage of time, but without any real danger.

Mariko stroked Li-Anne's hair. "You will get used to it, pretty little sister.
And, who knows, perhaps you will grow to like it!"

"Have you finished with your glgllgll..."

The sentence died in a gurgle when Mariko pushed back the enormous sock, now
very sticky with saliva, into her half-sister's mouth. Gagged once again and
with her head pulled back by the terrible tension on her scalp, Li-Anne sat with
her eyes fixed on the ceiling while Mariko dealt with the Director.

The position which Mariko planned for the Director was not very comfortable but
not as bad as Li-Anne's fate. She dragged her in front of the chair to which
Li-Anne was tied and pulled her bound hands between the open thighs of the
pretty captive. She tied the rope fastening the Director's wrists to the one
between Li-Anne's legs, pulling her hands against her colleague's thick black
bush. She then forced the Directors legs either side of Li-Anne's. She bound the
Director's legs to Li-Anne's - ankles to ankles and knees to widely spread
knees. The Director was forced to lean forwards, poised lightly on her buttocks
with her arms stretched out as if she was trying to hide herself between
Li-Anne's naked thighs.

Mariko checked her ropework one last time. She was just about to leave when she
hesitated. She took a crimson ball of silk which she shook out, waving it above
Li-Anne's face. Her eyes screwed up with the torture to her scalp recognised it
as a pair of panties.

"Because of you, I spent all night with these on my nose. Now it's your turn to
enjoy Her Majesty's fragrance."

Mariko pulled the panties over her half-sister's painfully immobilised face,
taking care to position the most malodorous part over her nose. "Have fun,
girls," she bade them before disappearing, followed by the two panther-skin-clad
athletes.

Li-Anne it took only a few seconds and some tentative but very painful
struggling for Li-Anne to analyse her situation fully. She was completely
immobilised on the chair and had no hope whatever of freeing herself from her
bonds. The only hope for either of them was the Director, who was less
stringently bound and who had been paying close attention to the bonds securing
her wrists to Li-Anne.

The Director's hands were bound palm-to-palm. A rope between her wrists
tightened the binding so that it cut into the flesh of her forearms. It was this
rope which was linked to the one tied round Li-Anne's waist and cutting into her
loins. The rope was short and the Director could not keep her hands away from
Li-Anne's thighs. The younger prisoner, unable to lower her eyes to see what was
happening, felt the Director's hands against her skin rubbing against her bare
thighs as she started to pull against her bonds. The movements were slow and
apparently fruitless. Li-Anne lost track of time. She remained motionless, her
head pulled back, caught in the dilemma of whether to breath through her mouth
and suffer the taste of Sangra's feet, or through her nose with the bitter odour
of the Queen's underwear. Without much conviction, she chose the panties over
the sock.

The Director continued to twist her wrists gently, gaining a little freedom
almost imperceptibly. The door opened; it was the guard, in her panther-skin
tunic who had rescued Mariko the previous day.

Without a word, the guard knelt down beside the Director and checked her bonds
carefully. Fortunately, the slack which the Director had obtained was too slight
to be detected. Li-Anne's bonds had not moved even a millimetre. The guard
checked them by pulling on the rope attaching her thumbs to her hair. Li-Anne
roared in pain into her gag. The guard must have been amused by that; she
grabbed the crotch rope where it emegerged between Li-Anne's naked buttocks and
pulled hard. The cruel guard removed the panties from Li-Anne's face, so she
could see the tears of pain welling up in those pretty almond-shaped eyes.

Her inspection complete, the guard left the dungeon with a last sardonic glance
at the two prisoners tied together. As soon as she had left, Li-Anne again felt
the Director's hands moving against her naked thighs. The Director seemed not to
be in a hurry.

She stopped frequently, looking thoughtfully at Li-Anne's long bronzed thighs
which she was obliged to keep spread wide.

Eternity still stretched out in front of the captive whose body trembled
convulsively with the pains shooting through her limbs, her scalp and her crotch
cut in two by the rope. The Director had not gained a millimetre of freedom when
the cell door opened to reveal the guard once again.

"Another inspection..." thought the Director, who had been mentally counting the
passing minutes.

The woman in her panther-skin tunic checked their bonds again but noting that
Li-Anne was already in considerable pain, refrained from tormenting her further.

"Does it hurt?" she asked, without real compassion, stroking one twisted
shoulder. Li-Anne sighed, her eyes staring into space. The guard squatted down
beside the Director and caressed the tops of her pale arms exposed by the damage
to her dress. "You are more comfortable though, aren't you?" she asked the
Director, shaking her bound hands and making Li-Anne groan as she felt the pull
in her exposed crotch.

The Director watched the guard leaving the cell and this time set to work with
determination. Twisting her hands hard, she quickly gained a few centimetres of
freedom. Leaning forward, she managed to move the stocking, which was tied twice
round her head, bruising the corner of her mouth. Having done that, it was not
difficult to remove the panties which she had been tasing since the previous
evening. She stretched her stiff jaw to ease the discomfort but quickly set to
work again. She leaned forward again and attacked the knot hidden in Li-Anne's
bush which linked the two prisoners. As he legs were spread either side of
Li-Anne's, the effort to lean forwards was painful and the Director had to move
back several times.

The Director had never imagined such a situation; in order to escape, she had to
bury her nose into the most personal regions of the most beautiful assistant she
had ever engaged! Even in her painful position, Li-Anne recognised the
uniqueness of their predicament. She was embarrassed to feel the Director's
teeth probing in amongst her pubic hair, feeling her pointed nose in so
erogenous a part of her, but she was unable to prevent herself from becoming a
little aroused by it. She blushed under the panties which hid her face, hoping
that the Director, with her nose still plunged into her bush, would not notice
her growing excitement. With a sigh of relief muffled by her gag Li-Anne felt
the knot loosen at last and the Director's hands move away from her thighs
spread wide on the chair. The Director straightened up and carried on with her
hands held up to her mouth. The knots were too tight for the Director to untie
them with her teeth. She attacked the knots connecting her and Li-Anne's knees
instead.

Looking up at her colleague, still painfully bound and gagged. The Director
spoke, her mouth dry and her voice hoarse from being gagged for so long, "We'll
get out of here, Li-Anne, but I have to hurry. I estimate that the guard came to
check our bonds every hour, so we haven't much time."

Her movements were hampered by her bound wrists, but in less than ten minutes,
she had her knees and Li-Anne's free. She had more difficulty releasing her
right ankle because it was necessary for her to lean right over on her side to
reach round the chair and to reach the back leg where their ankles were fastened
together. It was easier on the left side, once her right ankle was free. The
Director was now much more mobile, only having her wrists bound in front of her.
With her bound hands, she massaged her stiff legs to get some life back into
them then stood up.

Li-Anne saw this from the corner of her eye. She made frantic grunting sounds
through her gag. The Director understood her colleague's priorities immediately.
She removed the easiest items first; the panties covering Li-Anne's face and the
sock filling her mouth.

"Beurrrrrrk," groaned Li-Anne, shaking her head to rid herself of the hateful
sock more quickly than the Director could manage with bound hands.

Li-Anne held back a cry of pain. Her efforts had not really speeded the
departure of the awful sock, but had pulled hard on the rope connecting her hair
to her bound thumbs.

The Director tossed the saliva-soaked sock onto the concrete floor alongside the
panties which had been her gag for so long. She looked at the back of Li-Anne's
neck; the knot in the hair was not difficult to untie and, despite her tied
hands, the Director took only a few moments to undo it. Relieved of her
unbearable torment, Li-Anne closed her eyes and raised her head, turning it
slowly from side to side, happy to be able to move her neck at last.

The Director next untied the rope holding Li-Anne's chest back against the
chair. Mariko had used more than one knot and they were slow work for the
Director's fingers, clumsy because of her bound hands. "Were they trying to
torture you?" the Director asked as she worked on the knots using her teeth to
loosen the most stubborn ones.

"No... not unless being hogtied for a whole night and half choked by a
disgusting sock counts as being tortured. What about what they did to you?"

The Director undid a knot by wetting it in her mouth then using a long
fingernail.

"Nothing really bad except for the night I spent in the Queen's bed. It was
certainly less uncomfortable than your position. I just had my hands and feet
tied to the head and foot of the bed. On the other hand, I had to put up with
the Queen caressing me for hours before she left me alone while that plague of a
sister of yours was tied up on the floor watching me."

"Didn't the Queen explain what she plans to do with us?"

"No, and with a gag in my mouth, it was hard for me to ask her for details.

"Not. And with the muzzle in the mouth, it was difficult for me to ask for
details. All I know is what she said to me just before engaging in her Sapphic
pleasures with me." "Which apparently did not displease you all that much?"
thought Li-Anne.

"And what did she tell you?" she continued, not wishing to pursue that thought.

"The history of her people... and then a little of her own story. Just imagine;
that woman made a fortune by whipping men. She was a professional dominatrix.
But this 'vocation' was just the beginning of her great ambition. She wants to
re-create the ancient kingdom of the Amazons of which she claims to be the true
heiress to the throne and then to extend it to the whole world.

"Is that all?"

"Just another megalomaniac," the Director commented simply as she finally untied
the cord and saw it slip away between her fingers.

It took far less time to tackle the big knot in the rope which passed between
Li-Anne's buttocks. Finally free of the horrible burning sensation between her
legs, Li-Anne tried to rise from the chair but fell back at once. He legs had
been forced into an unnatural position for too long and were unable to hold her
upright. Li-Anne groaned as the circulation came back to her legs and even into
her arms still tied behind her back and unable to massage her limbs.

The worst was her ankles where a severe rope burn hurt her even more now that
the rope itself was gone.

The Director understood the problem and knelt down in front of Li-Anne. Without
being asked, she started to rub the legs and thighs of her beautiful colleague,
who sat with her head back and her eyes closed as the pain slowly subsided.
"That will do for now," said Li-Anne, aware of the Director's hands lingering
rather too long on her naked thighs. "Please try to untie my wrists."

The Director sighed, " I looked at them. They are tied with knots even tighter
than mine... and there is less than ten minutes until the guard comes back. We
must flee now."

"Like this?!?" Li-Anne exclaimed in consternation. "With our hands tied... and
naked?"

It was this last detail which embarrassed her most. It was all very well to
escape into the street with bound hands... but not naked!

The Director replied curtly, "We won't stay in the hands of these madwomen for a
little prudery! Come on, move!"

The tone implied a direct order. Li-Anne moved on her seat. "I can't..."

"Why?"

"My... my legs are too weak."

"It isn't weak legs holding you back. Get up!"

While barking out this order, the Director moved towards the door, obviously
locked, almost to Li-Anne's relief. The Director did not hesitate. She bent down
and unscrewed the heel of her right shoe. Iside, there was a piece of wire, but
with her hands tied in front of her, the Director could not get it out. She held
out the heel to Li-Anne. "Can you hold this with your teeth?"

My mouth will hold just about anything these days! Li-Anne thought to herself,
angry but in control of herself. She gripped the heel between her teeth while
the Director extracted a steel wire. It was almost child's play to pick the lock
on the door.

The whitewashed corridor was empty. The two prisoners stepped out cautiously,
the Director in the lead. They had reached the door at the end when they heard
the sound of footsteps behind it. The Director signalled with her bound hands
and the two women stationed themselves either side of the door. As soon as one
of the guards appeared through the doorway, the Director's clasped hands struck
her full in the face. Almost simultaneously, Li-Anne's foot was driven into her
stomach. As she buckled forwards, the Director's two hands fell on her neck like
an axe and Li-Anne's knee caught her chin. She crumpled to the floor. The
Director bent down and stopped Li-Anne from delivering another kick.

"That's dealt with her."

Li-Anne looked disappointed not to land her final kick. "We had better tie her
up," she said, her voice full of anger. "We don't have time; it would take too
long with our hands tied. Let's get out of here."

Li-Anne looked down at the beautiful body clad in her short tunic which had
ridden up over her buttocks.

"Pity," she said through clenched teeth. "I only hope that doesn't give the game
away..."

Twisting her bound wrists to stave off cramps, she followed the Director up to
the next floor.

They reached the ground floor, cautiously peering round the door which led to
the grand hall. It was empty and at the other end a large door led to freedom.
The Director bent down to remove her shoes so that she would walk silently.
Li-Anne, stark naked, had no such problem. They stayed close to the wall as they
crept to the door which the Director opened with infinite care. Fortunately it
made no sound as it opened up the way into the grounds for them.

Li-Anne found it strange to find herself out of doors in broad daylight, bound
and naked. Even though it was far worse being in the dungeon like that, somehow
it seemed less incongruous.

Their bare feet crunched on gravel and the Director hurriedly put her shoes on;
the gravel was just too painful for her feet. Li-Anne suffered just as much but,
without shoes, just had to hop from foot to foot to try to avoid the pain.

The gravel grated under their naked feet and the director hastened to give her
shoes to heels: the contact of the gravels was well too painful for its naked
feet. Li-Anne suffered as much and did not have shoes to put at its feet. She
went while hopping to limit the pain.

"Now then, you two had better get back. You will catch cold out here like that."

They knew the voice behind them all too well. They turned and were not surprised
to see Sangra and Mariko side by side. Mariko stood, hands on hips, eying them
mockingly, while Sangra held a machine gun. The two prisoners' morale collapsed.
They had been in sight of their goal! Sangra ushered them back to the huge house
which would be their prison once again. With drooping heads, they returned to
the hall where the guard was waiting for them. It was undoubtedly she who had
raised the alarm. She rubbed her chin, clearly in a foul mood, as she watched
the prisoners return after their failed escape bid. She took Li-Anne by the arm
and yelled at her, "You will pay for this!"

Li-Anne was dragged more then escorted back to the dungeon where she was dumped
on the floor, regardless of injury from being thrown naked onto concrete.
Li-Anne was exhausted and fell limply. She raised herself on her elbows and saw
the Director joining her, the muzzle of the machine gun planted on her back.

"I will bind them," announced Mariko.

"You?" replied Sangra, incredulously. "I told you to tie them well and if it
hadn't been for Kamira here, they would be well away by now." "Their hands were
still tied," said Mariko, defensively.

"That didn't stop them escaping. Get out of here," yelled Sangra furious.

"Can I help?" asked Kamira, desperate for revenge.

"Very well. Tie the small one very carefully. As for Madam here, it will be time
to prepare her for the ceremony."

"What ceremony?" asked the Director, a hint of fear in her voice.

"You will find out," Sangra replied curtly. Her eyes were on the discarded
panties on the floor. "Kamira, Madam would like to reclaim her gag. "No!"
exclaimed the Director, furious at the idea of having her panties in her mouth
again.

She lashed out with her hands to protect herself but Sangra grabbed them with
her huge left hand, still holding her weapon with the other hand. Kamira held
the Director's nose as she was clenching her mouth shut as hard as she could.

"We will have to tie this prisoner very tightly indeed," Sangra observed. "Look
how this one struggles. A real wildcat!"

Sangra put down her weapon and drew a length of rope out of her pocket while
Kamira busied herself stuffing the panties into the Director's mouth, choking
off her protests. Sangra tied the rope around the Director's slender waist, took
it down at the back, separating her buttocks, passed it between her legs and up
at the front, lifting the hem of her crumpled dress. She pulled it tight and
then tied the end of the rope to the Director's bound wrists, locking her hands
against her stomach.

Meanwhile, Kamira had gagged their captive with a stocking, knotting it at the
nape of her neck tightly that the nylon disappeared between her lips. She
laughed as she forced a stray corner of the panties into the open mouth. "You
wouldn't want to spit out a fine delicacy like that!"

"That will keep her quiet while you deal with the other one. Catch!"

The prisoners wondered how Sangra could possibly have so much in her pockets.
She had tossed a Karmira a big leather collar, which she fastened around
Li-Anne's neck. It was not as painful as a rope, but it was a shock to Li-Anne
to be collared like an animal or a slave.

There was a ring attached to the back of the collar. Kamira passed a doubled
length of rope through it, which the tied to Li-Anne's wrists, passing through
the hollow between her shoulder blades.

Still not as bad as having my thumbs tied to my hair, Li-Anne said to herself,
finding what consolation she could.

Kamira ordered her to sit up. Even with her hands tied behind her back, Li-Anne
could have complied but was unwilling to co-operate as Kamira used the rope
attached to her collar to force her to sit down cross-legged on the floor like a
tailor. Kamira made her position even more stringent by wrapping a loop around
her arms above her elbows and then tightening it until the three turns of rope
dug deep furrows into the flesh of the cruelly twisted arms.

To start with, Li-Anne had been looking reproachfully at the Director; if only
she had listened and they had taken the time to tie Kamira up, they would
probably be free now and not the object of the cruel Amazon's revenge. Now, as
far as she could, her eyes followed her torturer's movements. However, Kamira
tied most of the knots behind her back, so she was obliged to twist her neck,
confined in the leather collar, to see what was happening.

Kamira added more turns of rope round her arms, above and below her naked
breasts, seeming to enjoy digging grooves in the tender pink flesh. Not content
with the tightness of the ropes, she tied another rope round the ones already
crushing Li-Anne's chest, linking the turns of rope above her breasts with those
below. Li-Anne looked down in concern and saw her small pert breasts in a
vice-like grip crushing them the shape of two small apples, each decorated with
a maroon button.

Standing in front of Li-Anne, Kamira used her muscular forearm and upper arm as
a vice to clamp Li-Anne's left ankle and thigh together. Li-Anne groaned at the
pressure of having her leg folded like that. Kamira used her free hand to bind
the leg in that position. She repeated the operation on the other leg and
Li-Anne found herself forced into a sort of lotus position with painfully folded
knees and her crotch spread wide.

"You will catch cold like that," the Amazon joked staring at the gaping crotch.

She produced another rope. Li-Anne knew what she wanted to say but did not
bother to protest or complain; she knew it would be pointless. She preferred to
get the measure of this Amazon, who smiles as she wound rope around her waist.
The ends of the rope were formed into a slip knot at the small of her back then
passed under her buttocks. Li-Anne blushed as she felt Kamira's right hand feed
the rope through from behind her then her left hand worm under her to pull it
through to the front. Kamira pulled the rope tight with a sharp tug. Li-Anne
could not hold back a cry of pain and surprise. The two ends of the rope formed
parallel grooves either side of her womanhood, making her button stand proud.

In her shame, Li-Anne glared reproachfully at the Amazon. "Have you quite
finished?" she asked scornfully.

"Not quite," Kamira answered, oblivious of the murderous look in her captive's
eyes, while she braided her victim's hair into a thick short plait on top of her
head and bound it with a long rope. "That's enough for now," ordered Sangra.
"Now do the same to Mariko."

"What?" gasped Mariko in shock. "Why me?"

"You made a mistake, you must be punished."

"No!" protested Mariko. "You can't do that to me; I was tied up all night!"

"So was I," Li-Anne interrupted, not wanting to be a passive victim. "I was tied
up all night too, and here I am still tied up, so why not you too?"

"Listen to your little sister," scoffed Sangra, gripping Mariko's elbows.
Dumbstruck, she let them remove her short white leather blouson. Underneath, she
was wearing a tight red crop top, which exposed her arms, shoulders and navel.
Sangra took obvious pleasure squeezing Mariko's bare arms in her hands while
Kamira crossed her wrists and bound them. She tied Mariko in exactly the same
way as Li-Anne, with a second leather collar from Sangra's cavernous pockets.
The rope round her stomach, anchoring her wrists against her back, pulled her
white leather miniskirt up to her waist, revealing the bronzed skin of her legs
above the tops of her thigh boots and her small pink panties. Mariko yelped in
pain when Kamira pulled that bond brutally tight around her wrists. Despite her
own painful position, Li-Anne could not hide a smile of satisfaction that her
half-sister was suffering the same torment as she was.

The leather of Mariko's boots ground painfully into her skin as Kamira forced
her legs into the lotus position to bind them as she had bound Li-Anne.

The two half-sisters were now sitting face to face, bound legs spread, arms
behind their backs, hands twisted up between their shoulder blades and their
breasts crushed between cols of rope. Kamira braided Mariko's hair as she had
Li-Anne's.

At least I am getting fresh air like this, thought Li-Anne bitterly. The only
difference between us is that they didn't strip Mariko!

Kamira made a slipknot and tightened it around the plait which she had put
Mariko's hair into on the top of her head. She then took hold of the much longer
rope tied to Li-Anne's plait. She passed it to Sangra and the giantess threaded
it through a ring attached to the ceiling. The loose end of the rope hung down
about at the level of the bound girls' chins. Kamira pulled it until Li-Anne was
sitting with her back as straight as a ramrod and her neck stretched upwards.
Li-Anne's face was contorted with the pain of the tension on her scalp. Kamira
kept the tension on the rope and threaded it through the loop attached to
Mariko's hair. Sangra helped her force Mariko stretch up too then tied off the
end of the rope. When she had finished, both half-sisters were tied securely in
the lotus position, forced to stay rigidly upright as the least relaxation by
either of them would cause terrible pain for both of them as it pulled
agonisingly on their hair.

"I think that will do, won't it?" asked Kamira.

Sangra expressed her approval. "Excellent work. We just have to gag them now."

Li-Anne blanched as out of the corner of her eye she glimpsed Sangra retrieving
the terrible saliva-soaked sock. "I think your sister has had enough of the
taste of this," said Sangra, bringing the sock up to Mariko's mouth. The young
woman looked at it in disbelief. "You're not going to put that disgusting thing
in my mouth!"

Seeing that Sangra seemed to have made her mind up, Mariko clamped her mouth
shut with all her strength. Sangra's huge fingers gripped her nose. Mariko was
determined to resist but Kamira joined in the game by tugging hard on the rope
which connected the sisters' hair. They both howled in pain and Sangra took her
chance to force the dirty sock into Mariko's mouth. Mariko retched and shook her
head from side to side, completely panic-stricken. These wild movements brought
more torment to their hair and soon forced the young woman to calm down. Li-Anne
was relieved; she had felt as though needles were being driven into her skull.
She watched Kamira revelling in her cruelty as she tied the second sock at the
back of Mariko's neck. It was twisted into a thin band that passed between
Mariko's lips. She was breathing hard but being careful not to move her head
again. Karmira jerked on the knot, forcing her head back only for it to be
stopped short by the terrible pain in her scalp. Tears of shame and self-pity
streamed down Mariko's cheeks. She did no know which was more disgusting, the
taste of Sangra's feet or Li-Anne's saliva. It was all very well being with her
sister, but she hardly tasted good, thought Mariko, swallowing painfully.

"And now for you," said Kamira bending sown and slipping her panites down over
her long black legs.

Li-Anne watched from the corner of her eye, resigned to her fate. The panties
were in a leopard-skin pattern, very fine and, even rolled in a ball, not very
large. When Kamira pressed the ball of cloth against her lips, Li-Anne opened
her mouth wide. She knew that any attempt to resist was futile and would only
provoke further pain to her scalp. Kamira stuffed the panties into her mouth.
Li-Anne grimaced; the taste was much more bitter and nauseating than Mariko's
panties but not as bas as Sangra's sock.

"It looks as though she has acquired the taste," laughed Kamira, surprised to
see Li-Anne take the panties without resisting.

Sangra had produced another object from her seemingly limitless pockets. It was
a rubber ball with two thin leather straps. Li-Anne had never seen anything like
that before. but understood its use immediately when Kamira pushed the ball into
her mouth on top of the panties already jammed in there and buckled it behind
her stretched neck, tightening it to the last notch.

The thin straps bruised the corner of Li-Anne's mouth and the panties had a
pungent taste but on the whole, she still preferred this gag to the dreadful
sock she had borne for so long.

The Director twisted her bound wrists to massage her hands which had started to
stiffen. Her eyes were glued to the sight of the two half-sisters, each as
beautiful as the other, locked in a hostile face to face confrontation and
united in their pain. Li-Anne and Mariko were staring into each other's eyes. If
looks could kill, Mariko would have died instantly. Mariko's expression was more
imploring. Her limbs and hair were in as much torment as Li-Anne's but she also
had to suffer the terrible gag which half choked her.

Sangra bent down and studied Mariko's tear-filled eyes. "I think this will teach
you a lesson about tying up prisoners properly."

She straightened up and, with the back of her hand, jerked the rope connecting
the captive sisters' hair, giving them another painful jolt. "Have fun, girls,"
she teased. "We have to get the Director ready for her ceremony now."

The Director looked at her with raised eyebrows. Without another word, Sangra
took her by the elbow and, in a moment, the half-sisters were alone in the
dungeon, bound in their grim parody of a conversation.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Arthur(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





