BDSM Library - His Pleasures




His Pleasures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tonight is all about HIS pleasure...
His Pleasure

I stand before you dressed in a sheer black lace shirt and a tight black
mini-skirt.  As you notice me standing there, in the doorway, my tongue darts
out from between my lips, moistening them.  You gaze at them, desiring to taste
them, to feel them with your own.  Then, slowly I walk towards you, swaying my
hips seductively in the dim light.  You cannot see all of me, but you can
clearly make out the outline of my curves and lies, the silhouette of my body. 
You notice my nipples, jutting out, hardening, as I watch you, watching me; you
notice the line my hair makes as it falls in waves across my neck; you notice my
tongue, as it darts across my lips again.  As we reach each other, my arms wrap
around you, and yours around me.  We embrace and then, gazing into each others''
eyes, knowing each others'' inner most thoughts, feeling each others'' soul, we
begin to kiss.  Passionately our lips meet and your tongue finds it's way along
my soft and tender lips.   Then, exploring my mouth with your tongue, you find
my tongue, intertwining it with your own.  I softly and sweetly begin to suck on
your tongue, tasting it, feeling it, savoring it; and you, your hands reach up
and knot themselves in my hair, pulling me closer, bringing our hearts together. 
As your fingers gently caress my waves of dark brown hair, you break the kiss,
seeking something more.  My hands gently reach around you, massaging the back of
your neck with my fingertips, as the dance across your skin, and then, slowly,
you fill my lips along your neck, as I begin to caress it with sweet kisses,
gently tasting your tender skin, gently caressing your sturdy muscles with my
moist lips.  I walk around you, so I am standing behind you, still dotting your
neck, and now shoulders with my kisses.  You are already bare-chested as I make
my way down your back, feeling your body with my lips, caressing your sore
muscles with my kisses, needing your tanned skin with my fingers.  Rubbing small
circles with my fingertips, I make my way across your shoulder blades, savoring
each inch of you as I kiss and caress it.  I slowly make my way down your body,
following the curves and indentations of your spinal cord and the side of your
ribcage.  I can hear your breath quicken as my kisses near your belt and the
waist of your jeans.  Still softly kissing you, I make my way to your front,
feeling across your stomach and chest with my red lips.  As I make my way back
up your body, my hands begin to undo your big brown belt, undoing the silver
buckle and feeling your arousal at the same time.  As my hands begin to kneed
the flesh, still contained within your ever tightening jeans, I begin to suck
and nibble at your manly nipples.  You feel the warmth of me wet mouth as my
tongue glides across your chest, nibbling, and kissing in gentle, tantalizing
patterns.  Again, I slowly make my way with kisses along your ribcage and down
your chest.  I stop just above your belly button, and with my teeth, grab hold
of the big silver belt buckle, pulling the belt from it's loops, exposing the
shiny zipper of your now overcrowded pants.  With my hands, I hold yours above
your head, as you lay back on my bed and I crawl on top of you, brushing my chin
along your clothed crotch.  I feel your manhood begging to be let free, but I
make you wait, just a little longer.  My tongue, starting at your belly button
begins to shape little circles, spirals, and letters, spelling our names in it's
path downward.  I reach your happy trail and plant kisses all along either side
of it.  Then, I nibble along it until I reach your zipper, ripping it open with
my teeth.  Your arousal is apparent as your massive dick stares back at my gaze. 
Through your tighy-whities, I take just the very tip into my mouth and suck on
it for less than an instant.  Already, I hear you moan with pleasure, but I have
just begun.  Skillfully, trough your undergarment, I suck on less than 1/4 of an
inch of you, making you moan and writhe, needing more.  I begin to massage your
scrotum with my fingertips as I remove the obtruding garment with my mouth,
making sure that my moist lips brush against you in the process.  I am almost
tempted to stop and rub my throbbing clit, for the experience is turning me on,
as well, but I do not, knowing I want you and your pleasure to come first. 
Then, slowly, I begin to lick the base of your cock, just using the very tip of
my tongue.  I can see how amazingly arousing this is for you, just by looking in
your eyes.  I know what you want, and that you want it now, need it soon, but
not yet, a little more first.  I begin to gently suck at the point where your
bulging cock meets the rest of your body, sucking gently before slowly making my
way along it's path.  I am now back at the tip of your cock, slowly swirling my
tongue along it's head and sucking on it gently with my lips.  My fingers are
back to massaging your balls as I bend down to take more of you into my mouth. 
Sucking and tasting, I reel you in, pulling more and more of you in until, at
last, finally, I hold all of your precious manliness inside the warmth of my
soft wet mouth.  I continue to suck and pull at your gentle skin with my mouth,
rolling it with my tongue and playing with it gently.  Then, I turn my head,
flicking my tongue teasingly across your balls, starring at the massive cock
displayed before me.  In one single motion, I take it into my mouth,
deep-throating you, sucking at the fullness and the entirety of your length as I
move my head back and forth along your length, running my tongue across it from
all different directions, seemingly at once.  Slowly and steadily, I rock my
head back and forth, forming a delicious rhythm as I suck and pull at the
precious jewel within the warmth of my lips.  I feel you shake and quiver within
my mouth, tasting your precious sap as your soft white cum fills my mouth.  I
taste it's saltiness and relish in it's taste and texture, such a wonderful
delight you have endowed upon me, that I may taste your treasure and milk from
it every last drop of your precious juices, tasting them and feeling it's warmth
as it runs down the back of my throat.  With one last lick, the final drops fall
on my lips as you sigh and withdraw from the warmth of my soft mouth.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





