BDSM Library - Submit To Me




Submit To Me
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about submitting to bondage...
Submit to Me

Blindfolds keep a slave off balance.

A blindfold makes you vulnerable and uncertain about what is happening.  You
can't see where I am or what I'm doing; you don't know what precious treat or
evil to surprise I've gotten "hidden" right before your eyes.  You can't see me,
can't watch as my fingers trace your body in their mysterious path and can't see
the paddle or the crop come down on your sensitive flesh.  You are left to
merely guess where I will strike or caress you next.

How fully do you trust me?  How well do you know me?

Do you know where my next blow will land or where my next kiss will be?  Can you
predict my actions?  Can you control your reactions?

Without your sight, you are left to depend on me to guide you.  And I shall
always be there.  When you are alone and in the dark world behind that mask, a
simple touch from me will be continuous enough to reassure you.

I run my fingers along your form and kiss my way down your face.  I pet your
glowing curls and look deep into your heart.  But your eyes are the doorway to
your soul.

I remove your blindfold and gaze deeply, controllingly into your helpless eyes. 
And I tell you, "Bondage is helpless captivity."

"Kneel before me and beg me to immobilize you, to tie you up real tight and let
you beg for release and mercy.  Beg me to use your helpless body.  You are
defenseless to my whims and desires.  You can do nothing to stop the big black
dildo from pounding our precious ass.  You can do nothing to make me touch you
harder or more.  I am in control of everything.  Your sweet pleasure and cruel
pain are all up to me.  You are mine, all mine."

Leather bondage, Rope bondage, Japanese bondage... all are possible for you, my
precious. 

Bound and hanging upside down... will you beg for release enough to please me? 
Will you submit yourself so fully as to empty your bladder for me then, knowing
it'll fall onto your face and through your hair; what is more, will you open
your mouth and accept that precious nectar?

There are a million ways to put you into bondage, slave.

But it'll be tight, very tight and artfully tied.  I will completely immobilize
you and dominate your will.  Physically, you tower over me; but I dominate your
spirit.  When you lie bound and helpless, I am in total control.  I am all that
matters.  Pleasing me becomes your first priority.

I can force orgasms until you nearly faint from pleasure.  Or I can tie you
tight and spank your ass, slut, until my hands get tired.

And if you do not use your mouth wisely, you may quickly find yourself Bound and
Gagged.

A gag is a very effective reminder that helps keep a slave like you in your
place.

And with the big cock of a dildo-gag protruding from your full mouth, I can sit
and enjoy watching you drool.  The sweet look of humiliation on your face is
priceless, my pet.  

Or perhaps, I'll leave you bound and with a Jaw Spreader... that is pure
helplessness, indeed.  You are unable to move, unable to close your mouth,
begging me with your eyes to be gentle.

Or perhaps, you will force yourself to open for a massive cock.  You surely
couldn't keep your eyes off of my coworker's at the office party, slave.  You
truly are just a useless little fuck-slut, aren't you?

My hands are like a vise, holding your head clamped between them.  Your eyes are
wide, frightened, looking directly into yours, begging, pleading. "No." you beg,
"No, please don't, not in my mouth."  And I look at you and then smile at him,
standing before you as he watches your soft, luscious lips and rubs his cock
across your mouth. "Open!" I command, knowing the commanding tone of my voice
will not be disobeyed.  You open, and your mouth is raped as he plunges his cock
deep into your throat.  I warn you about your teeth, watching your eyes as you
sucks.  Commanding you to accept this virtual stranger inside your mouth is the
nature of your submission to me.  Watching you suck his cock, I begin to run one
and then two fingers into and out of my pussy.  And then, you swallow; you know
you have no choice.

And, as you suck his cock dry -- milking it with pleasure, I sling a big
strap-on dildo around my waist.  As he steps aside you see me standing there and
you see it jutting out between my legs.  Swift and relentless as a hawk taking a
rabbit, I pin your hands behind your back and throw you onto the bed. You are
un-gagged: you can scream all you want and there is no one to hear.  Besides,
those screams and moans are the precious sounds I yearn for.

I reach between your legs, and find your cunt slick and ready for business.  As
you lay there writhing under me, I pound the strap-on in and out of your pussy. 
You fight like a wildcat, indeed, but your struggles are in vain and I use you
without hesitation, brutally and without mercy.  Your screams and tears are
quickly becoming moans as I pound the strap-on-dildo in and out of you.  The
rubber cock pounding in and out of your pussy, my thumbs and fingertips begin to
work your engorged clit. 

You are shaking; you desire nothing more than for me to let you come.  Beg me. 
Ask me.  Make me want to let you come.  I tease you by pulling my fingertips
away as you are so very close.  And in an instant you are so far, desperate for
the pleasure an orgasm will bring you, if I let you. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





