BDSM Library - The Intrusion




The Intrusion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The intruder came into her houuse, raperd her, and made her like it...
"The intrusion"

I awoke from my sleep, startled by a loud crash in the living room.  I sat up,
and listened, praying that it was just some dumb teens throwing rocks at the
window again.  But I knew that couldn't be the case:  that would have to have
been one really big mother fucker of a rock.  I sat up in bed, shaking, as I
realized something was wrong.  I saw a shadow of a person in the living room,
approaching the bedroom door and was about to scream, when I felt a gloved hand
come over my mouth and heard a man's gruff voice tell me that if I screamed he'd
kill me.  He had a knife to my throat with his other hand.  I've never been more
scared in my entire life.  But what unfolded that night was also far more
exciting and erotic than anything I'd ever experienced.

My heart was racing as the shadowy figure in the living room came to join the
first, beside my bed.  Listening to the two men talk, I realized that all he
wanted was to rob me -- to take some jewelry, some cash, and a TV.  It was what
the other man wanted that scared me.  He wanted me.  He was the bigger of the
two men, tall and husky, and I was sure he weighed at least twice what I did if
not more.  He told his partner to take his time and take everything he could
find that would be worth anything at all.  Meanwhile, he said he was going to
have his way with me.  Still holding the knife to my throat, he uncovered my
mouth and used that hand to rip my phone from it's socket.

He looked at me with a devilish gleam in his eyes and an evil smirking grin on
his face and said, "Spread your legs bitch!" as he undid his belt.  I watched as
his pants fell to the floor and he brought his knife down along my neck.  I felt
the cold places where the blade touched along my body, feeling goose-bumps raise
and trying to remain perfectly and utterly still.  "Don't move bitch!" he
growled at me as the knife made it's way along my night-shirt.  He came to the
pajama bottoms I was wearing -- purple satin with little roses on them, and
taking the knife, he cut them open right along my pussy.  I didn't move an inch,
for fear that he'd cut in too deep, jamming the knife into me pussy.  But,
perfect as his ministrations were with the knife, he slid the blade right along
my pussy lips, slitting the fabric of my pajama bottoms and even slicing some of
my pubic hairs -- but thankfully not cutting into the skin.

He noticed that under my pajama bottoms I wasn't wearing anything.  "You're
gonna enjoy this, slut;" he told me, "I'm gonna make you enjoy it!"  This he
told me as the cool blade of the knife was pressed down along my slit, pausing
to apply pressure to my clit.  Enough pressure that I could not help but feel
pleasure -- enjoying the icy sensation rubbing against my clit.

"How am I being turned on by this?" I was asking myself.  "This monster has come
into my house to steal my virginity and when he's done with me, who knows what
else!"  I thought.  But, what could I do?  My clit was telling me that I was
supposed to be getting aroused by the soft pressure he was applying with the
cool metal of the blade.  My mind wanted to shut it off, to feel nothing at all
and just to get it over with, but my mind could not ignore the pleasure that my
body was experiencing.

Next the man took the knife and slit my shirt into three pieces.  Slipping it
off of me, he tied my wrists together behind my back with my elbows touching and
tied each of my ankles to the long posts at the end of the bed.  As the cold
night air hit my unprotected nipples, they began to harden, and noticing this,
the intruder smiled. 

He had decided to take advantage of the fact I was being turned on by the
proceedings so far, and especially of the fact that I didn't want to be turned
on by it.  I was embarrassed by my body's response -- I was enjoying it without
my own consent -- enjoying the attention my clit was getting from a total
stranger and enjoying the rush of the cool air against my nipples.  I was
humiliated by my own reactions to this intrusion of my home and my body and he
knew it.  This was what he wanted.  He wanted me to be turned on by what he was
doing to me, and so much more.

The big burly man looked at me and told me that he wasn't going to fuck me until
I begged him to do it.  Wanting it to be over (even before it began), I begged
and pleaded for him to fuck me, nearly crying over the meaning of the things I
was saying.  But even that was not enough for him; he wanted me to beg him and
mean it.  He wanted me to want to be fucked by him, but more than that, to need
to be fucked by him.

I didn't believe I could ever want or need to be fucked by this man, this
intruder.  The man took off his left glove and grabbed at my tits with his
un-gloved hand.  I drew back in shock but, his other hand, still holding the
knife warned me to stay still while he had some fun.  He returned his attention
to my tits after watching fear come into my eyes again.  He took one of my
hardening nipples into his hand, twisting it and pulling on it, making me gasp. 
Holding it there, he squeezed my aureole tight between the forefinger and thumb
of his gloved hand.  He pulled tight, straight up and let go with his un-gloved
hand as I winced in pain.  He told me that if I didn't shut up, he'd hafta make
me and neither of us wanted that.  Then he did the same thing to my other
nipple, twisting it and pulling on it with his un-gloved hand, while his gloved
one still held my other pinched nipple high.  I bit my lip to avoid screaming
out this time.  This pleased him; I was turning out to be a quick learner.

With that, his gloved hand let go of my left nipple and proceeded to pinch and
pull my right one, now twisted by his un-gloved hand.  The process (and the
pain) was similar to before and then he let go.  When he did, I was surprised
that my nipples were hard, jutting out from my chest, as erect as ever.  "Oh,
but the fun is just beginning!" he said, as he pulled a tube of BenGay from his
pocket. 

Without touching my erect nipples, he made circles of BenGay right around them. 
I could feel my chest tingling and then, my breasts were itching and burning.  I
tried to touch them and ease them with my hands, but couldn't get to them the
way I was tied.  I tried to roll over and press them against my soft blanket,
but this too failed.  He again smiled, happy with his tormenting of me.

Ripping out his now erect cock, he commanded me to suck it; it was his turn for
attention, he insisted.  But I refused, shaking my head.  He shoved his still
gloved hand in my mouth and with the other, smacked my tits -- hard.  He left a
rosy red hand-print there and said, "When I tell you something, Bitch, you
better listen," following the first smack with three more heavy swats to my
chest, adding, "Cuz if you don't, you're gonna really fuckin' wish you had!" and
with that, the smacked me twice more, making sure the force of the blows hit the
area where he had applied the Ben Gay, making them sting and burn far worse.

"That's what you get, Bitch!"  he told me, "Now suck it!"  I knew that it would
be futile to resist giving this bastard what he wanted, but I could not bring
myself to put my mouth around his cock.  He told me that it wasn't up for
debate; it wasn't a choice, and with that, he grabbed my hair, with one hand,
pulling my head foreword, while his other hand held my lips and jaw open, and he
shoved his cock into my mouth.  "Now suck!"  I desperately wanted to bite down
on his cock, seeing as how it was right there and so easy, but I knew this would
accomplish nothing and would only make him mad.  I began to suck on his dick --
not quite eagerly - -but enough to please him.

While I was sucking him off, he began, with his gloved hand, to masturbate me. 
He licked his finger and then used it to make small circles around my clit. 
Around and around my clit he went -- but not once did he touch it.  He came so
close, though, it was making my soooooo horny, but leaving me unsatisfied.  I
was going crazy; I needed him to move his hand, just a little bit even.  But he
continued.  As he moved his finger right around my clit, almost touching it, I
began to hump the air, trying desperately for even one second to get his finger
to make contact with my clit.  For an instant, or a millisecond -- maybe, his
gloved finger did touch my clit -- just barely, but it drove me wild.  And then
he stopped, altogether.  He pulled his hand away and watched as a writhed on the
bed, desperate for him to resume his action there.

I began to suck harder at his dick, hoping that this pleasure for him would
entice him back into pleasuring me.  My tongue swirled around his cock as I
sucked and again began to hump the air, this time his finger was no where near
there.  I sucked and sucked with all my might and I felt him balls tense up
inside my mouth and then he came.  I pulled my head away and cum spurted all
over my face and boobs.  He was pissed; I hadn't swallowed:  "What's the matter
with you, Bitch?!?!" ... "You cock-sucking slut-whore" ... "You shoulda fuckin
swallowed it, every last drop!"  With that, he smacked my breasts again. 
"You'll have to do a better job next time, you fuckin' slut-whore, you Bitch"

The tone in his words scared me, but what scared me more was that he was in
control of me & my body & my life.  I knew I had to do what he wanted and make
him happy.  He lay limp between my chest and my head bent down to lick his
shaft.  Immediately, it started to grow again.  Licking it up and down,
steadily, I felt his finger resuming the circles around my clit.  Then, as I
took the head of his cock into my mouth, sucking on it, I felt his fingers press
on my clit, and form little circles on it.  I could feel the pleasure rush
through me as I took more of his cock into my mouth.  "How could something so
wrong pleasure me so much?  I really am a dirty little slut, aren't I?"  I
thought to myself, but I kept on sucking and he kept on frigging my clit.  He
was bringing me so close, I was loving it, sucking deeply on his cock, even
deep-throating it.  My head rocked back and forth along his shaft as he brought
me towards my orgasm.  Moaning and writhing, I sucked and blew his cock, still
buried deep in the warmth of my mouth.  Then, just before I reached my climax,
he stopped.

I kept sucking his cock, though, bringing him close.  And then, as he came in my
mouth, I felt his finger plunge into my pussy -- stroking in and out as his cum
flowed into my mouth.  Then, as I felt his hot white cum drip down my throat, I
felt a second finger enter my pussy beside the first.  I swallowed every drop of
his salty cum as he added a third finger to those lodged in my pussy, plunging
in and out.  He pulled his dick from my mouth and duct-taped my mouth shut with
his free hand, while a fourth gloved finger was plunging in and put of my pussy. 
OMG!  The feelings were incredible - -more pleasure than I have ever felt
before.  I was again coming so close to an orgasm.  I barely heard him tell me
that I wasn't allowed to cum- - that I'd definitely regret it if I did.  I did
hear him, though, and it was agonizing for me to contain my orgasm with him
bringing me so close.  And then, he added the thumb and I almost couldn't take
it anymore.  His whole fist was inside my pussy, ramming itself against the
walls of my insides, plunging in and out viciously.  I wanted to scream out with
the pleasure I was feeling,  I was shaking, trying to hold in my orgasm as his
fist was pounding my pussy, fucking it.  Then, he stopped.

He pulled out his thumb and pinkie, leaving three fingers pounding my pussy.  He
slowed the pace, too.  It was so torturous.  I had been soooo close and at this
pace, I was left hanging there on the edge.  I wanted to, needed to, had to cum
and I would do anything if I could cum, anything!  His thumb began caressing my
throbbing clitoris and his pinkie made circles around my puckered ass-hole. 
This torment with pleasure went on for what seemed to me like an eternity.  I
was so close and yet so far.

With his free hand he pulled the tape from my lips.  He leaned in and kissed me,
hard.  His one hand still working my pussy, he played with my nipples with the
other and our tongues intertwined in our mouths, exploring the depths of each
other.  Then, he stopped kissing me and asked me what I wanted.  I wanted to cum
and he knew it.  He asked if I wanted him to fuck me till I was raw and let me
cum.  More than anything, I knew I wanted this.  I wanted to be fucked by him
and to cum.  I begged and pleaded with him, begging for him to fuck me, to use
me, to take me anyway he wanted.  I begged him to let me come.  I pleaded with
him to feel his dick inside me and to fuck me good and hard.  I told him I
wanted more than anything for him to fuck me.  And I meant it. 

After listening to my begging and pleading (had I not have been bound, I would
have been on my knees by this time) he stopped his ministrations with my pussy
and untied my.  Then, he laid down on top of me and fucked me long and hard.  He
let me come, too.  When he was finally done, My pussy was bright red, sore, and
almost bleeding, but I begged to be fucked again, and again he fucked me and let
me come.  Then, he left and his partner, came back into the bedroom and added my
phone to the pile of loot.

He threw me on the floor and took my bed, but I didn't care.  I was already a
new person in a new world.  I had wanted to be fucked and raped by that man. 
And I knew it.  I was nothing more than a shameless little slut-whore.  I was
nothing more than the worthless Bitch he saw me as and I deserved whatever would
come to me.  And then, I closed my eyes and fell asleep and dreamt of the
details of my rape, awaking with a body-rocking orgasm and a very wet pussy.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





