BDSM Library - The Garden




The Garden
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Setting is a fictional play of sugmissives and Dominates and Dommes.
THE GARDEN


I am going to take you on a tour of The Garden.  You will meet some very
interesting people, some are "unique", some have their own style, and some are
outrageous, but all are interesting!

Ms, Paddles is the owner of The Garden. She loves petunias, And watches over
everyone. She is kind, caring, and loves a good joke.  Ms. Paddles is a little
older than most in The Garden.

The Garden itself is 30 acres and has a pond that is 5 acres in size. The very
middle of this pond has a small island.  Sometimes it is used for picnic lunches
and other times it is used for.... use your imagination. It has two trees that
are just far enough apart to suspend someone! There are lots of bushes planted
on it so the view is blocked. Some of the people even fish there.

There are also animals there. There is Froggy-the garden's mascot, there is
Oscar-the ostrich.  He loves to sit in Ms. P's (as she is lovingly called) chair
and get feathers all over! There is also a new member named Perceiville-he is a
fire- breathing dragon whose fire is out permanently. There he just blows smoke. 
He is great for keeping down the insects, so is Froggy and Oscar likes to eat
them!

Then there is "the subbie closet" which is like an outhouse but built on solid
ground. It does have a lock on the outside so that bad subbies that are placed
there cannot get out. Subbies that are mischievous such a "cupcake", She is the
one that dumped a bucket of water over Perceiville and put out his fire so that
now he blows smoke. She got a lot of time in the subbie closet for that prank.

Some of the Dominates are men such as Thigh Master, Snake     and Gryphone. 
Some of the women are Dominates but they are called Dommes such as Ms. Paddles
and Navy Wench.

The submissives are required to wear diaphanous long white gowns and gold sash
ties at the waist. The male subbies wear a toga of the same style. No submissive
is allowed to wear underwear so that they are accessible at all times. Master
JP1 takes advantage of this and takes lots of subbies out to the island by
rowboat,

They had a fireworks show one summer night for the subbies,  cupcake was a good
subbie for once. The fireworks were beautiful as they reflected on the water.
That is until a subbie snuck and threw a lit match into the bag that held the
rest of the fireworks, It was a sight.  The whole sky was lit. Then everyone
started to laugh. There was Master JP1 out on the island, caught with his pants
down, literally. He had taken his subbie out there and was getting a blow job.
Boy did his face turn red when he rowed back.

Now Ms. P does give subbies treats like M & M's, but not the green ones. They
make the subbies horny then the Doms have to take care of all of them. The
subbies try to slip the Doms the red ones. They make the Doms horny.

One night NCTeddyBear was caught with his subbie, cupcake, out behind the subbie
closet. They were doing the horizontal mamba. Now there was a sight, his ass
shinning in the moonlight.

To show you what subbies can do they ambushed Ms. P one day. They grabbed her.
Held her hostage, Poured spaghetti on her. Put a mop on her head. Gave her an
enema with the garden hose and all sorts of silly things.

But there are serious times. Many weddings are held at The Garden.  The
Dominates sometimes fall in love with their submissives. Then sometimes Ms. P
holds a submissive as she or he cries because their Dominate broke it off with
them.

But all in all, The Garden is a home for all who enter. For some it is their
only home.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





