BDSM Library - I Beg To Differ




I Beg To Differ
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A little slut-whore learns waht happens when she comes wihtout permission....a stroy of her sweet denial.
I Beg to Differ...

I'm sure we've all heard that said many times before....In fact, probably even
said it many such times--I know I have.  But that's not what this story is
about... It's not about all those times we've heard or said, "I beg to differ"
it's about begging to differ, really begging.

I knelt down before Them as any submissive should her Master & Mistress.  And my
eyes gazed at the floor.  My body begged to be touched, my whole self craved
Their attentions.  And yet, They continued Their every day conversation about
school, about work, about projects, and vacations....

No, They weren't ignoring me...i was as involved in Their discussion as either
of Them, but still, it wasn't what I wanted, what I thought I needed so bad.  i
begged to differ.  i groveled and pleaded and presented myself.  i was Theirs to
do anything they pleased with.  i belonged to Them.  And They knew They could
use and abuse me any way their sadistic little hearts took pleasure in.  But not
like this, please not like this....

i watched as Their hands roamed each others' bodies while they spoke...  Oh, how
I wanted Them to touch me, to tease me, to play with me, too.  Oh, how I needed
and wanted and begged to be touched, played with, used...

i was Theirs.  And They knew it.  They knew the control They held over me.  They
knew how much i wanted Them, needed Them, ... and They knew exactly what They
were doing...  i was as much a part of Their conversations and discussions as
both of Them were, but that wasn't what I wanted...needed...there was something
more...

i watched as He reached out and gently played with Her pointy nipples.  G-d, how
I wished they could have been my nipples that He was caressing, pulling on, and
bringing to His open mouth as She spoke. 

G-d, how i wished that could have been me running my nails up and down His long
cock, or me Her fingers were touching in the most sensitive of places.

But i knelt there with my arms cuffed behind my back, bound in leather gloves. 
G-d, how i wanted to be touched, anywhere...  They watched me writhe and beg
with my eyes, but still They continued my torturous lack of sensation.  It
seemed as if it had been days since anything touched my skin other than the cold
of the kitchen floor.  i hadn't worn clothing in over a week: by Their command I
was deprived of even that sensation.  The lack of sensation was torturous,
feeling nothing, touching nothing was pure hell, especially as I watched Them
touch each other and watched their bodies respond.

Tonight was the last day of my deprivation, though, I had been punished enough
in that manner, They said.  The way They accented the "in that manner" made me
wonder what else They had in store.  It seems I had not been punished enough; i
had only been punished enough "in that manner."  my mind constantly wandered
over the possibilities.  What other manner did they have in mind?

But that was not what was on my mind ad that moment as I watched Mistress cum
again.  i could have sworn she made her moans and cries extra loud and extra
long just to tease me.  This was her third orgasm that night, all just during
the conversation... i had watched His hands as He gracefully played with Her
sensitive nipples and as His fingers caressed Her engorged clit.  I had watch
him slowly slide His agile fingers in and out of Her depth, savoring the taste
as He paused only to bring them to His lips.

As i watched her orgasms come in waves, one after another, my body began to
rock, forward and back along the cold floor.  i tried to find some way, anyway,
that my throbbing clit and my aching pussy could get some stimulation.  But in
the manner I was kneeling, even that slightest bit of pleasure was denied to me.

And I knew they had seen me.  They had watched me trying in vain to stimulate
myself and they had laughed at my pitiful attempts at stimulation.  Ah, yes,
they knew I had been trying to find a way to get some pleasure, some relief,
from my depravation of sensation... But they knew, too, I was only making it
worse for myself.  By trying to stimulate myself I was getting hornier and
hornier and needing more and more of the satisfaction and stimulation that I
wasn't getting. 

...Oh, what a cruel cycle it was...

Finally, they were done with dinner.  Mistress told my Master to clear the table
of dishes while she prepared some things.  Then she left the room with a rather
sadistic smile... I wondered what kinds of things needed preparation and what
they had planned for me this evening.  When the table was clear, master
commanded me to stand.  He reached out to me and stopped just close enough to my
body that if I moved even a millimeter, his fingers would be running along the
length of my skin.  He commanded me to stay absolutely still though; else I
would regret it later.

Oh, this was torturous.  Master was "caressing" the air just above my skin. 
With my eyes, I begged and pleaded for him to come closer, to touch me, to play
with me.  "Please Master!!!!" my eyes screamed of my desire.

Then, without touching my skin, he removed the gloves and cuffs and commanded me
to lie out on the table.  Spread-eagled, he bound me to the kitchen table, tying
my wrists and ankles to the legs.

Then, he looked me right in the eyes and asked me what I wanted most.  "To be
touched,  to be played with..." I answered him, my hips thrusting outward,
begging for attention.  "Very well my little slut!" he said and walked away. 
How much more cruel could this man be? (Well much more, I knew, but at the time
this was sheer evil enough).

Master returned with a blindfold.  Placing it on me, he began to run his fingers
through my hair.  "My little slut," he said, "You have misbehaved.  You have cum
without permission.  And for this you have been and are being punished. 
Remember what you have done.  Remember why you are being punished.  For it,
tonight there shall be no permission granted.  But I will touch you now."

With that, he ran his fingertips along my face, tracing every line and every
curve with his long fingers.  His touch was heavy and it was what I had longed
for since my deprivation began -- to feel his touch upon my skin.  As his
fingers began to trace my lips, my mouth parted, opening to him, accepting his
fingers, should they decide to explore in there.  But, they did not.

He stopped touching me then, and I heard another set of footsteps, indicating
that Mistress had returned.  That was the last thing I heard, though, because
earplugs were placed in my ears then and I was left alone.  I was alone for a
few minutes, maybe, but to me it seemed like an eternity.  I was again deprived
of all sensation... of touch and now of sight and sound as well.  All there was
to taste was the air in front of me or my own parched lips.  I whimpered,
begging to be touched, begging to not be left like this again.

I was sure they heard me whimpering.  They knew how much I longed to be touched,
used, anything...!  But I had forgotten their thoughts on whining and how much
they disliked it.  This suddenly occurred to me as I felt a set of harsh clamps
bite down on my nipples and my Master's hand smack each of my breasts.

I gasped deeply as the clamps compressed my skin.  I had not been touched in any
way for days so the sensation was all the more real and so much stronger.  I
winced and gasped, drawing in my breath, as the clamps bit down on my
unaccustomed flesh.  Then slowly, I relaxed as the initial shock subsided.

Then Mistress removed the earplugs.  "Whining will not be tolerated!" she
reminded me.  "And what you get tonight -- that all depends on you," Master
jeered.  Mistress asked me, as Master had before, what I wanted most right then. 
And again I said that I desperately wanted to be touched and played with.

With an evil grin, Master asked me just how bad I really wanted it... "Please
Sir and Mistress, I want it so bad I will do anything!" I begged.  "Anything?"
Mistress questioned with an evil grin on her face.  "Very well then, we shall
see!" added Master with an equally evil sadistic smile.

Master began to circle my nipples with his fingers, squeezing and twisting
around the places where I was clamped.  His fingers brought me true pleasure, as
the clamps brought me pain with his every twist.  Meanwhile, I heard Mistress
pop open a jar of what surely must have been pickles, by the way they smelled.

I loved pickles.  They were by far my favorite food.  But right now, I wasn't
concerned with food!  I wanted sensation and stimulation!  As Master's hands
orchestrated circles of pain and pleasure around my nipples -- gently kneading
the soft, sensitive flesh of my breasts -- and made me moan and gasp at the same
time, Mistress began to pull at my pussy lips.

"You are a little slut!" she said as she ran her fingers up and down my dripping
slit.  "You can't control the urge to cum, you dirty little Bitch!" she added,
while she gently pulled on my sensitive hood.  I moaned loudly and began to
squirm.  I was almost ready to cumm then just from what Mistress had done so
far.  "But tonight, you will not cum.  You will receive pleasure (or pain) only
when we allow it and you will learn to control your animalistic nature to please
yourself.  You are here to please us.  Our pleasure comes before yours.  Do you
understand me SLUT?" she asked, giving my pussy a good hard slap to accent her
last word.  "Yes Mistress!" I responded, wincing at the sting her hand left on
my pussy.

And then, I felt something pressing against my opening.  At first, I thought it
was Master's cock.  But it did not feel the way it should of.  It did not feel
quite like a dildo, either.  Then it occurred to me -- it was one of the
pickles.  Mistress began to slowly slide it into me, a very little bit at a
time.  When it was all inside of me, she pulled it out in a single fast motion. 
I could tell I was in for a torturously slow fucking.  Mistress continued to
slowly push the pickle into me and draw it out in a single motion.  It was
driving me crazy...

Faster and faster she drove the pickle into me and my climax approached.  I was
nearing the release I so desperately needed, but I knew I would not be allowed
it.  Mistress pulled the pickle from me with a single thrust just as I was on
the verge of cumming.  I writhed and squirmed needing just that little bit more
stimulation than I was getting.  At the very moment I thought I could handle it,
Master removed the clamps from my nipples, both at once.

I called out in pain as my numb nipples were suddenly and startlingly brought
back to sensation.  Removal of the clamps is always worse than the biting they
bring when on -- always.  And, of course, tonight was no exception.

Sensation rushed back to my nipples and I felt them being taken into Master's
and Mistress's warm mouths.  Master had a tendency to nibble and to bull on my
nipple with his teeth.  And Mistress, She tended to suck and suck and suck and
lick my breast with circular motions.  She sucked at my right nipple and Master
nibbled my left.  Waves of pleasure swept through my body with their mouths, but
still I desired and desperately longed for release.  The sensations of pleasure
were taking me too the edge and then my Master & Mistress were leaving me
hanging there indefinitely.  I was in heaven by the time they switched breasts,
Master nibbling my right and Mistress sucking my left.  It was glorious pleasure
pulsing through my body, making my aching pussy lunge out and beg for attention.

Master and Mistress continued for some time, switching sides as either of them
pleased.  And I sat writhing in torturous pleasure, so near to release and yet,
so far from it when I needed it the most.  After a little while of this
torturous pleasure, Master and Mistress each made there way down to the center
of my chest with their tongues.  They met in a passionate and deep kiss, their
tongues still tracing lines along my skin.  Then, tracing each of my ribs with
their tongues, they headed out down my body, meeting again at the very start of
my pussy hair for another deep, sensuous kiss.

Then, teasingly, Master ran his tongue down one of my pussy lips.  Mistress soon
followed suit with the other... Running their lips up and down my lips was
sending rushes of pleasure through my body.  My spine was tingling and my clit
throbbing as I squirmed and silently begged for release, for permission to come.

They looked up at each other and smiled.  "You dirty whore.  You came without
permission and you will not do so again!" Mistress reminded me.  "You will not
come tonight!" Master added as he bent his head back down.  Then they brought
their lips together in a sweet enchanting embrace around my clit.  They were
passionately making out and my engorged, hard, and throbbing sensitive nub was
left tangled between their tongues.

As their tongues continued to wrap their way around my sensitive clit and around
each other, I was moaning with great ecstasy.  Master reached up and removed my
blindfold so I could watch him take his hard cock from his silk shorts. 
Mistress reached out and began stroking it, while still kissing him (and my
tight, wet slit).  Mistress stroked his long shaft hard, kneading his precious
flesh gently between her fingers and softly squeezing his balls...

Gently, Mistress milked Master's cock to cumming... Cumming all over my wet,
aching pussy and both of their waiting mouths.  With that, they licked my slit
clean, enraging my already erect clit and soaking my wet pussy with their saliva
and my own juices.  And then, they smiled to each other, kissed goodnight, and
left me on the kitchen table, bound and writhing, desperate for release.  "Never
again would I come without permission; never again would I put my desires before
their pleasure," I thought to myself as they turned out the light with a
"Goodnight horny little slut; perhaps this will teach you to control yourself. 
Teasing you so and leaving you so has brought us great pleasure.  That is your
sole purpose.  Sleep well precious slave, sleep well."  And with that, they left
me there, so desperate for release, for attention, for anything to cum.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





