BDSM Library - The House Slave




The House Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive crosses the line, and totaly devotes herself to her master.
The House Slave

She paused for a moment on the doorstep, reassuring herself that she wanted to
go through with what was planned, then knocked on the door. He answered almost
immediately and motioned her in to the center of the room. There was an empty,
cardboard box there. He sat back on his recliner and she began undressing,
starting with her skirt to expose her freshly shaved pussy to him as soon as
possible. She neatly folded the skirt and put it in the box, then removed her
blouse to show him her erect nipples. Slowly, piece, by piece she removed her
shoes, stockings and jewelry, until she stood naked in front of him. She bent to
seal the box with the tape placed beside it, then went to kneel before him and
offered her wrists. He wrapped a heavy vinyl cuff around each wrist. There were
no buckles or hooks. Contact cement held them closed. They were not designed to
be removed. He fastened a piece of chain between the wrist cuffs, then had her
stand and put a foot on the arm of the chair so that he could put a cuff around
her ankle. The other ankle was cuffed and, again a chain connected them. She
knelt between his legs and bowed her head. Neither had said a word, they both
knew the ritual....

"You are certain that you want to do this?" It was more of a statement than a
question. Her presence had made her decision obvious.

"Yes, M' Lord," she answered.

"From this time forward, you will have you will have no rights or limits other
than those that I determine for you."

"I understand, M'Lord," she answered. They had discussed her servitude in great
detail and knew each other well. She was confidant that he knew what she was and
wasn't capable of enduring and what would satisfy her needs.

"What is your 'Safeword'?" he asked.

"Rumplestiltskin." They had agreed that, if she ever invoked her safeword, her
servitude would be instantly ended.

"Bow your head, and lift your hair," he commanded. Obediently, she bent her head
forward and lifted her hair free of her neck, letting the chain connecting her
wrists dangle under her chin. As he placed the vinyl collar around her neck she
could smell the contact cement that served as a reminder that this wasn't going
to be one of their normal, short "play sessions." He connected a short strap to
the ring on the back of the collar and freed her wrists long enough to connect
them to the bottom of the strap, pinning her arms behind her back. They both
stood and he took a leash from the chair. She winced slightly as clover clamps
were placed on her nipples and again when he fastened the leash to the chain
connecting them and gave the leash a light tug, leading her to the bedroom.

He led her to the foot of the four poster bed and put a spreader bar between her
knees. The bar was wider than the chain connecting her ankles, making her squat
slightly. He tossed the end of the leash over the bar connecting the top of the
bedposts and unfastened her wrists, tying them to ropes fastened to the tops of
the bedposts, spread eagling her. She felt him press against her back as he
reached around to toy with the clover clamps then drop a hand to her already wet
cunt. "Ahhh," he said, feeling her moisture, "you're really going to love this,
slut." She knew better than to respond.

He started with light floggers, preparing her body for what was to come.
Methodically, he worked from her back down to her knees, occasionally wrapping a
tail around her body to catch a breast or giving an uppercut to her throbbing
pussy. The suede floggers were replaced with progressively heavier leather ones
until her entire body was dancing with sensation and the only distinct blows
were the uppercuts between her spread legs or when he pulled on the leash to
lift her breasts so that he could flog their undersides. She was happy to
realize that she wasn't being punished. She had done nothing wrong. He was
flogging her for his own enjoyment, and to establish her position as a slave. At
last she felt the hard blows of a braided whip setting her ass on fire. The had
both agreed that it would be good for her to wear some marks of her beatings,
and the braided whip was assuring that she would.

He removed the clover clamps and tossed the leash on a chair. Next he freed her
wrists and refastened them to the backstrap. Gently, he pushed on her shoulder
until she was bent over the footboard, her face on the bed. She lay motionless,
her body alive, trying to decide whether her suppressed sobs were from pain or
ecstasy or both. She felt first one, than another well lubricated finger thrust
into her asshole and relaxed herself to receive him. His familiar cock plunged
in and out of her asshole as he grabbed her breasts for leverage. At last, he
collapsed on top of her and lay for a moment.

He got off her, removed the spreader bar and led her to the bed. He idly played
with her body until he was sleepy and then she took her place on the rug beside
the bed. He leaned over the side of the bed and shoved a small silver ball
connected to a wire deep inside her cunt. "Good night, my darling slave," he
said, patting her cunt.

Good night, M'Lord," she responded quietly. She knew that she had pleased him.

--------------

The vibrator awoke her with a start. Sleepily, she tried to stretch, only to be
reminded that her arms were fastened behind her back. She knelt at the side of
the bed and burrowed under the sheet, searching for his cock. Finding it, she
began gently licking and sucking his cock and balls, awakening him. At last, he
reached over and shut off the alarm clock, turning off the vibrator that had
been tormenting her. He pressed her head to the floor, raising her ass in the
air and slowly pulled the vibrator out of her throbbing cunt. "Go back to sleep,
Pet," he said. "I'll fix us some breakfast."

He nudged her awake with the toe of his boot against her cunt and she saw a
small, low table in front of her with a plate of scrambled eggs and a saucer of
cappuccino on it. "Eat up," he instructed her. "We're going to have a very
Spartan lunch and you have a lot of work to do before dinner." Obediently, she
knelt in front of the table and began eating. She tried lapping at the
cappuccino like a cat. When that didn't work, she resorted to crudely sucking it
out of the saucer. When both the plate and the saucer had been licked clean, he
had her stand up and reattached the nipple clamps and leash. With a light tug,
he led her to the bathroom.

He took her nipple clamps off, dampened a washcloth in warm water and wiped her
face, smiling at her, then began filling a douche bag with warm water. "Now, "
he explained, "I'll clean the other end." Bent over the sink, she felt the
lubricated nozzle slip into her asshole and the warm liquid start to slowly flow
inside her. He gradually increased the flow until she felt that she would burst.

At last, he closed the valve and pulled the nozzle out. She clamped her asshole
tightly to keep from releasing the water. To her horror, he put down the lid of
the toilet and sat down on it, motioning for her to kneel between his knees.
"Now," he said, "you can finish what you started earlier."

Anxiously, she parted his robe with her head and began sucking his cock. She
realized that she would have to hold the enema until he came, perhaps even
longer. Fortunately, he didn't hold back, but came fairly rapidly, exploding in
her mouth. He got up and had her raise both the lid and the seat of the toilet
with her nose then permitted her to squat over the toilet and expel the water
that filled her. He had her bend over the sink again and cleaned her ass with a
damp cloth. Then he freed her wrists and removed the backstrap, rechaining her
wrists in front of her.

"Your crawling style leaves something to be desired," he explained, fastening
the nipple clamps. "I thought we could work on that a little this morning." He
undid the fastening in the middle of the chain connecting the clamps, then
connected the free ends to her wrist cuffs. When she kneeled on the floor, ready
to crawl, the chains made her keep her chest nearly to the floor. A blow to her
cunt from his flogger sent her crawling towards the kitchen. At each movement of
her arms, the chains yanked at the nipple clamps. She kept the front of her body
lower and lower to gain more slack, in the process, raising her ass higher and
more convenient for his flogger. "I think that you're getting the hang of it,"
he laughed.

Normally, one could walk from the bathroom to the kitchen in less than a minute
but, because of the restricted movements of her wrists, it seemed to take hours
for her to crawl there. In the corner of the kitchen was a bucket of water with
a sponge in it.

He gently pulled her to a kneeling position by the hair and removed the nipple
clamps. "One tile at a time." He instructed her. "I want to be able to see what
you've gotten done. Do it well, or you'll regret it." He went into the adjacent
den to work and left her to her task. She squeezed out the sponge and began
cleaning the first tile, being careful not to get any of the adjacent ones wet.
When it was spotless, she moved to the second. From time to time he came in to
check on her progress and to see if the water in the bucket needed changing. The
floor hadn't been cleaned in a long time and she was happy to see the contrast
between the uncleaned tiles and the gleaming clean ones.

During one of his inspections he suddenly pulled her up to a kneeling position
by the hair. "Go get my crop!" he commanded. Nervously, she scurried to the
bedroom as fast as she could crawl, remembering to keep her head low and her ass
high. She returned with the crop in her mouth. "Kneel and present!" She sat back
on her heels and lifted her breasts with her hands, pointing her nipples at him.
He took the crop from her mouth and pointed out a small, black spot on a nearby
tile. "Could you call that tile 'spotless?" he asked her.

"No, M'Lord," she responded, knowing what was coming. The tip of the crop danced
back and forth between her nipples, setting them ablaze. Just as tears were
beginning to form, he stopped. "Back to work," he said. She knelt and began
frantically scratching at the offending spot with her finger nails, feeling him
sliding the handle of the crop into her cunt. "I'll leave that there where it's
handy, in case I need it again," he said, and left the kitchen. She succeeded in
scratching the spot off the tile and went back to cleaning the floor, constantly
aware of the maddening crop sticking out of her cunt, swaying with every
movement that she made.

When she had finished the floor to his satisfaction and without deserving more
punishment, he took the crop out of her cunt and chained her wrists behind her
back again. Her lunch consisted of two hot dogs and a glass of water. Before
feeding her, he stuck the hot dogs in her cunt and asshole then, made her give
them "blow jobs" before being permitted to eat. After lunch, she was permitted
to stand for the first time since the trip to the bathroom and he chained her
wrists in front of her again. "I've got to go out for a while," he explained.
"you've got plenty to keep you occupied until I get back." He nodded toward the
piles of dirty dishes and the cluttered countertops.

Enjoying the newfound freedom of movement, she happily washed, dried and stacked
the dishes, then began clearing the countertops. She had just finished, and was
giving the gleaming kitchen a final inspection when she heard his car in the
drive. It had taken her some time and practice to learn how to "greet" him, but
she knew the routine well now and quickly put a bar stool in the center of the
kitchen. She got a bottle of beer out of the refrigerator and a mug out of the
freezer and put them on the stool, then she stepped through her wrist chain, so
that her arms were chained behind her. She bent at the waist and backed up to
the school, moving first the bottle, then the mug to their places on her ass.
Carefully, she turned around and placed her middle on the stool and grabbing her
ass cheeks, spread them wide, exposing her ass hole and cunt.

She remained motionless, the icy mug feeling like a brand on her ass, as she
heard him come in and out of the kitchen, placing groceries on the counter. At
last, he picked up the bottle, opened it and felt him pouring the beer into the
mug. He left the mug on her ass for a moment while he rubbed and probed her cunt
with the cold neck of the bottle. He picked up the mug and drank, letting her
have the last few ounces left in the bottle.

"Go make yourself beautiful for me," he instructed. "You can take the chains off
while you're in the shower, and don't get too enthusiastic about cleaning your
pussy ... that's for me to enjoy, not you. Dinner will be in about forty-five
minutes."

Yes, M'Lord," she responded, and went to the bathroom to begin washing. She left
the door open and didn't close the shower curtain. She shaved her cunt, showered
and washed, dried and brushed her hair. She applied a little perfume, knowing
that he didn't like fragrances to be too strong. Optimistically, she put a few
drops on her nipples and around her cunt. Last, she squirted gel into her
asshole, and worked her finger in and out a few times to make sure that she was
well lubricated. She rechained her wrists and ankles and went back into the
kitchen just as he was cutting up her dinner and putting it on her plate.

"Perfect timing," he smiled, and put her back strap back on and fastened her
wrists behind her again. He put the little table with her plate and saucer on a
small rug and she knelt and began eating. He had made steak, baked potatoes and
peas. The steak and potato had been cut into easy to manage cubes, but she had
trouble catching the peas with her tongue and was afraid that she would push
some off the plate. He enjoyed watching her struggles.

After dinner he cleaned her face and lightly kissed her neck as he reattached
the nipple leash, then led her into the living room carrying a platter of snacks
and a bottle of wine in his free hand. He took the leash off and had her kneel
between his legs, her back to him, so that she could see the television set. He
bent her forward and she raised her ass so that he could slide a slender dildo
into her ass hole. "Don't drop it." He told her. She could sense the implied
threat. He turned on the television with the remote and started a video tape. It
was one of his favorite, classic movies. She leaned back against him and enjoyed
the movie, constantly aware of the dildo penetrating her. From time to time he
would reach around to feed her a shrimp dipped in cocktail sauce or some other
tidbit. Carefully wiping her lips clean after each morsel. She was also given
some sips of wine.

When the movie was over, he pulled her onto his lap and removed the dildo,
complimenting her for not dropping it. He caressed her body, tweaking her
nipples and probing both of her holes. She opened herself to him as much as
possible, making herself accessible. He put her back in her position between his
knees, but facing him this time, and unzipped his pants. She immediately nuzzled
into his crotch, locating his cock and sucking on it, feeling it stiffen and
grow.

He pulled her up and turned her around, then down, to sit on his lap, guiding
his erect cock into her ass hole. He fondled her breasts and kissed the nape of
her neck as she pumped up and down on him. One hand began playing with her cunt
and clit, rekindling her inner fires. She felt him stiffen and then cum in her
ass hole, then felt him slowly getting smaller and softer.

He rose to his feet and pulled her up to hers. He slipped a hand between her
legs, and felt her sopping, wet pussy. "You've been a good slave today," he
proclaimed. "I think that you deserve a reward. Would you like for me to let you
cum?"

"Oh, my God, yes!" she exclaimed, her body throbbing, and her voice pleading.

He led her to the bedroom, not using the nipple leash, guiding her with gentle
pats on her ass.

He removed the ankle chains and back strap slipped a medium sized butt plug into
her still gaping ass hole and placed her on her back in the middle of the bed, a
pillow under her ass elevating her, then he tied ropes fastened to the headboard
and footboard to her wrist and ankle cuffs. She was spread wide. Not
uncomfortable, but unable to move.

Methodically he began selecting light floggers and other items from the racks on
the bedroom walls, neatly arra�ging them on the bed. Occasionally, he would drag
the tails of one of the soft floggers up the length of her body, teasing her
cunt and nipples with it. Once that he was sure that she had seen all of his
selections, he slipped a padded blindfold over her eyes. He started by caressing
her body with a piece of very soft fur, stimulating her flesh and bringing it to
life, then he began lightly flogging her boobs. At times, only the tips of the
tails kissed her erect nipples, at other times the full length of them wrapped
around her boobs, making them rock gently from side to side. She did not feel
"pain," just a growing warmth and pleasure. He switched to a slightly heavier,
suede flogger and began working on her juicy cunt as well as her boobs. From
time to time the flogger struck her squarely on her cunt, the tails driving the
butt plug a little deeper into her and sending termors throughout her body.

The flogging stopped and she felt first his beard, then his lips on her nipples,
gently kissing and nibbling them. He kissed and nibbled a trail down her body,
pausing to tongue her belly button and sending electric shivers through her when
he found her clit. He slipped the butt plug out of her asshole and she suddenly
felt empty.

It seemed to her that she spent an eternity tied to the bead, constantly being
brought to the brink of orgasm, only to have him deny her. She tried to remember
what he had placed on the bed and identify the vibrators and dildos that he used
on her cunt and asshole. At last, with a vibrating butt plug in her asshole, an
amazing, pulsating, rotating dildo in her cunt and his tongue working on her
swollen nipples, she was permitted to cum. The intensity of the orgasm rocked
her body and she arched and strained against her restraints until she collapsed
back to the bed, exhausted. She lay there panting while he untied her, pausing
to stroke her reassuringly.

She lay there thinking back on her first twenty-four hours as a slave. Soon, she
knew, she would be chained again and sleeping on the carpet beside the bed,
waiting for the alarm clock to set off the vibrator in her cunt. She was a true
slave, treated as an animal and as a sexual plaything. The thought of the future
and the things that they had discussed. The thought of the upcoming party for
his friends and the garland of condoms that she would make and wear to it, and
be expected to use up. She thought of his domme friend, and the inevitable
punishment that she would receive when she was unable to satisfactorily service
both of them. She looked at the cage in the corner of the room and wondered when
she would start sleeping in it, instead of at the side of his bed.

Yes, she was a total slave. She had given up all rights and limits. Yet she
realized, she did have rights and limits. The ones that he set for her, based on
his knowledge of her wants and needs, and tempered by his love for her.

She was very happy to be a slave.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LaidBacDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





