BDSM Library - The Rubber Country Trilogy




The Rubber Country Trilogy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A remote island where the fetish government enforces rubber laws. Only those people with a true desire for rubber are granted living in the country. Immigrants are selected trice as much women as men. The social structure of the society sees men as dominant. Women start their ï¿½career?at a low submissive level and can climb up in hierarchy by well performed work. This way they also are able to get into positions where they can be in charge of lower class slave girls.
The Rubber Country
by
MoonGlow (C)2000
mondleuchten@gmx.de

Feedback is VERY welcome. Tell me what you think.

This is not fiction. Its just a fairy tale. A tale for adults who are openminded
for topics like sex, s&m, rubber and feet fetishes. If you are offended by such
things, DONT continue reading NOW. All others, enjoy and drop me a line.



Background

Before we begin our journey into to depths of the rubber country, let us have a
look at it. The country is located on an remote island, unknown to the rest of
the world. Immigrants are selected from many applicants from all over the world.
They are medical screened and tested in their love for the latex fetish. Only
those with a true desire for rubber are granted living in the country.
Immigrants are selected trice as much women as men.

The social structure of the society sees men as dominant. Women start their
"career" at a low submissive level and can climb up in hierarchy by well
performed work. This way they also are able to get into positions where they can
be in charge of lower class slave girls.

There is no real money in the country - at least running out of is not nearly as
awful as in the rest of the world. Money can be looked at as a kind of playing
currency, like in monopoly. People get assigned to apartments where they have to
pay rent accordingly to what kind of apartment they choose. However, lower and
higher classes of the society live in different districts of the only city on
the island. All citizens have to pay rent for their apartments. Also there are
many other ways to spend money: buying nicelooking rubber clothing (a basic set
of rubber clothes is given as a welcome present to every new immigrant, however
those items are heavy, ugly, smelly slave wear), good food, entertainment,
gambling and luxury items like a slave girl or a couple of rubber pony girls
(there are no cars). Last but not least, non-rubber clothes are expensive goods.
There are no real reasons for the citizens to be rubbered up all the time except
from those "rubber days" called out by the government from time to time.

Income, however, is important to maintain a certain living. There is nothing
dangerous about running out of money, food and housing is always secured by the
government. If you don't pay the rent, you have to move to something cheaper. If
you lose your job, you always can get another one. Well, nobody can take any job
;-) women have to work their way up out of slavery. There is a huge variety of
jobs - some of them will be described in further stories - just to give you a
short overview: secretaries, all-time-rubber-secretaries, dancer, prison-warden,
teacher in one of the many rubber institutes, riding- and work rubber ponies,
bondage performer etc. The worst thing which can happen if running out of money
is that you have to move to the very cheapest apartment... Well the cheapest
apartment is nothing more than a 2x1 meter rubber tube for sleeping and a place
to store belongings. The price for a very low rent is being every night in this
rubber tube. For an even lower rent, you can have the housekeeper keep it at an
increased temperature of 25?C or even 30?C. Not very comfy, but cheap. On the
other hand, the lowest paid job is as an rubberbondage performer. The income
just is equal to the rent for an rubber tube. So a poor little girlie who runs
out of money (due to buying too many of those expensive cotton clothes) has to
spend their nights in the tube apartment and the days they earn money while
being put into some kind of public bondage equipment, which are often nothing
more than booths along the streets to amuse the public. To get out of such a
poor situation, she has to save money (which means lowering rent with heating
her "apartment") or has to go for other possibilities to get money like one of
the many game-shows of the country where citizens in debt gamble for money in
erotic rubber games - often with a severe punishment for the losers.

As you can see already, the government has a large amount of control over its
citizens just like a big brother. There are many rules for the everydays life.
Most of them regard sexuality and/or rubber regulations (like the earlier
mentioned "rubber days"). Only the upper class is happy with sex. All others get
just too much or not enough of it. For example, masturbation is prohibited
except from few days... on the other hand a judge can sentence a girl to become
part of a small group of women who must achieve a certain number of orgasms each
day. They are counted by a special device and additional penalties await if they
don't fullfill their limit. As you can imagine they wish they could keep their
fingers away from themselves. Restrictions in the lower level classes
(sub-human, like the rubber pony girls) are even more strict. If a riding or
sulky pony fails to pleases their masters, they can be degraded to a work pony.
Work ponies are always kept in full rubber gear and total chastity. This job is
always given in 2 years terms. After 2 years they have to prove worthiness
become a sulky pony again in a pony contest. They battle each other 1 on 1 in
several events and the loser is sentenced to another 2 years as work pony...

For control of the masturbation prohibition in almost every apartment (except
the upper class) are cameras installed which can overview a whole apartment. If
someone is caught, a judge is already waiting with a rubber sentence.

Also there is a lottery where all citizens participate. A winner is getting much
money but also a loser is drawn and a "price" is selected by a kind of wheel of
fortune (or misfortune as you may see). During this process the apartment cam of
the loser is shown on TV and almost everyone is having a good time when watching
the disbelief in the face of a secretary when she watches the wheel getting her
a "1-month-heavy-bondage"-price or a "48-hours-on-vibrator-chair"-price.


You see, it's a funny country for everyone who loves rubber and bondage-games.
Now lets go to the story and share a day in this rubber country with one of ist
citizens.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MoonGlow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





