BDSM Library - 48 Hours Is Not Enough




48 Hours Is Not Enough
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: First time with Master is 48 hours. Things that we do.
48 HOURS IS NOT ENOUGH


Master was there to meet me when I arrived at the airport. He glanced at what I
was wearing  "Good Girl".  Dressed in a blue dress  (Master's favorite color)
that buttoned up the front, I was proud of the way He looked at me. But with
nothing under the dress except a bra I was cold on the morning in October. "Did
you wear it?"  Master questioned. I nodded my head yes. Then I handed Him the
control to the remote controlled vibrator that I had carried from home to there.
He smiled and took it out of my hand.

We reached His truck in the parking area.  I wheeled my walker beside of the
truck. Lifting my bags, which I had on top of the walker, He effortlessly put
them into the truck. Folding my walker for Him that was put into the truck also.
He opened the door for me and in I went.

He said, "Why don't you slide over here beside me. We have a 45- minute ride.  I
am sure that you can be creative in giving Me something to keep Me happy on the
way!"  I slid beside Him and started to rub his crotch. He became firm. I
reached up and unzipped His pants and took out His stiffening cock.

I lowered my head, being careful of the steering wheel, and started to flick my
tongue on the sensitive head. Taking the hard cock in my hand I started sliding
my tongue up and down the length. I put my mouth around the cock increasing
pressure as I went up and down.

"Slow down babe or I am going to cum and you don't want cum all over your face
and dress....yet" He said laughingly.  I eased up on the pressure keeping Him
hard the whole time of the ride.

We arrived at the motel where I was going to stay. As I was registering he
unloaded my suitcases from the truck Walking to the room with my walker I handed
Him the key.  He opened the door and motioned me to go in first. He set the
suitcases on the floor and He held His arms open for me to come to Him. I went
to His open arms, He knew that I loved hugging and holding. Looking up at his
eyes, I asked Him if we could kiss.  In answer He brought his head down to mine.
He caught my lips with His and then our tongues started their own dance of love!

After a few minutes of kissing He turn and pulled the remote control out of His
pocket. After He turned it on, He unbuttoned the front of my dress.  When the
dress fell to the floor I stood in front of Him with only my bra on. Upon seeing
my tits He said "God! I love those tits of yours! Take off your bra!" His voice
became raspy. wrapping his arms around me he started to kiss me deeply. As He
kissed me He started to move me to the bed.

Lowering me to the bed He laid down beside me. He turned and worked His tongue
around my nipples, giving each some time.  After a few minutes He slid His hand
down to my wet pussy. Spreading the lips with two fingers He put three into my
already wet pussy. He was pulling out His hand I caught Him by the wrist and
pulled his hand to my mouth. I gave each finger a thorough cleaning by sucking
every one.

He started to moan. His hard cock stood straight out. Taking me by the hair on
the back of my head He led me to his massive cock! Then He told me that He
needed some "lip service". After a little sucking He said, " Stop babe or I'm
going to cum and I still want to fuck your fine ass!"

Needing and loving the attention I  presented my ass for Him. "Not so fast babe
we'll take everything nice and slow. We have all afternoon then I have to go
home. You knew from the beginning that I am married. I have been upfront with
that,"  "Yes, that is something I have to keep reminding myself. Especially
because I am married and I love You. I know that this is all we can ever hope to
have" Tears slid down my face. He held me tight. "Please don't get upset babe.
Remember that you are here to loose all inhibitions. Don't think of being
married or going home just let loose for the time we have together."

He held me for some time. Then He started to kiss me.  Kiss me long, hard, and
deep. I responded in kind. Soon I was responding with a wild abandon. He slid a
finger in my ass. I moaned, "Put more in love. It feels so good." Putting in
another finger He said. "I need to take it slow with you and get you stretched
out some more.  I don't want to hurt ya!" Moaning more I wiggled my ass on His
fingers. Another finger was put in and then He started to pump them. By then I
was humping the bed. "Okay babe you don't have to wait any longer."

Pulling me up by the hair, He positioned me on all fours. "We're going to do it
from the back!" Master parted my ass cheeks then spread some lubricant there. He
had even been thoughtful and had warmed the tube by soaking it in the bathroom
sink in hot water. He is so good to me!

Slapping my ass five times until it was stinging he guided the head of His cock
to the hot waiting ass hole for Him.  Parting my cheeks with two fingers He put
the head to the entrance of my ass.  With one thrust He was inside of me. Soon
He was pumping hard in and out like a piston.  I arched against Him and all I
could do was moan.  He then came all in my ass.

He wanted to use the butt plug on me and I asked Him if He could only use it for
a punishment.  He said that we would not use it at all.  But for punishment He
would take away something that I liked.  Told Him " I can live with that
Master."

He then used a warm washcloth and cleaned me.  I took, rinsed out in warm water
and used it to clean all the juices from Him. Then He said, "Babe, you know that
I have to go now?" I nodded and tears began to fill my eyes.  "Please don't cry,
I will see you early tomorrow and we can have until 5pm again."  He put  His
arms around me, hugged me tightly once and then he was out the door.

I ordered a chef's salad from room service and got out the book I had brought
with me and started to read.  My salad came and it was tasty. I took a shower
and went to bed early.

I was awakened from my sleep by a knock on the door. I asked who it was. It was
Master. I had slept all night. I must have been contented to sleep like that.

Master took me out for breakfast. Then we saw the carrousel museum. After that
we went to the adult store he mentioned. I bought a new toy.  It was like a long
rubber finger that I wanted to use on Master's ass (if he would let me).  We
went back to my room and played for a while.  I had brought all of my toys!  Of
them all I think I have to say that my favorite was

Egor (a large dildo), It felt good especially with a vibrator on my clit! I
would usually squirt when I came with them.  And it was no different when Master
used them on me. We cuddled some and then we got down to business. It was
already 1pm.

Soon I had Master's hard cock in my mouth, sucking with increasing pressure. He
began to moan and I gently inserted the lubricated rubber finger into His ass. 
That made Him erupt into a very violent climax. He put a "pearl necklace" around
my throat.  I turned around and started to nibble lightly on His nipples. For
that He took my nipples and stretched them out. He did not stop until I said 
"ouch!!!"  We teased each other then started to kiss.  Deeper and deeper it
went. We rolled to the floor but did notice. There was only one thing we wanted
and that was each other. More and more and more.

Gently Master lifted and spread my legs. My pussy glistened with wetness for
Him. His tongue touched me and I felt a burning need. Soon He lifted my legs to
His shoulders and began to lick at my ass.  He thrust His tongue in and out of
me. I began to moan for Him to do more.  He then rolled down onto His back,
pulling me up as He went, I was impaled by His huge cock.

I rode Him for what seemed hours then He flipped me and rolled on me. He stayed
in my pussy all the time He moved.   I came loudly.  Soon He followed with a
climax of His own!  He cleaned me up again and also Himself.  Then He did as He
promised.  He made my ass a cherry red then a fire engine red, For this He used
the floggers that I had in my toy bag.  Soon it was time for Him to go again.  I
did not cry.  We had no time for that. Kissing me deeply "I love you babe!"
hugging me very tightly to him. "I love You my Master." Then He turned and left.

Again I ordered salad from room service, ate it had ice tea and finished the
book I was reading. I took a shower, washed my hair, and douched. I wanted to be
clean for Master in the morning. I cried myself to sleep that night for I was
leaving the next afternoon on a 3pm flight.

The next morning I was dressed in a black velvet type skirt and a black sweater
with red teddy bears on it and nothing underneath when Master knocked on the
door.He loaded my bags into the truck while I checked out.

He drove to an old abandoned farmhouse. There was an old mattress in it.. We
walked to it. Master said to lie down. I did as told. Master pulled up the skirt
and ate my pussy until I came to a shuddering climax.  Then I sucked on His
nipples until He was aroused. I turned around and sucked His cock. He stopped me
after a few minutes. Puzzled I looked at Him questioningly. He told me "pull up
your sweater. I want to fuck those big tits of yours!"

Teasing me by coming close to my mouth then pulling away Master "tittie-fucked"
me for a long time.  He finally came in my mouth. I swallowed all that I could
but it dribbled out the corners of my mouth and dripped from my chin.  Master
took a tissue from His pocket and gently wiped my face. "It's time" He took my
hand and helped me from the old mattress. WE Got in the truck and started to the
airport.

Master held me with one arm and drove with the other all the way.  When we
parked in the lot, He turned and kissed me very deeply and long. "babe you know
that I love you." "Master, I love you!' "We will do this again soon." The tears
started again.  This time Master said nothing but took me by the arm and guided
me into the airport. Once there He bought me a bouquet of flowers. "For you to
press and keep as a gift from me!" He walked me to my gate and because of the
walker He was allowed to take me farther.

As I boarded the plane I cold not look back!  I held my head high and made it
onto the plane before I fell to pieces. The stewardess guided me to my seat and
buckled me in. She folded my walker and put it in the overtop storage. I felt
the plane take off but my thoughts were of Master.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





