BDSM Library - The Basketball Team




The Basketball Team
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An up and coming girls basket ball team from the suburbs falls captive to the inner city rival team and the game comes apart ....
The following in a collaboration of Parker and myself (Paladin). 
We hope you enjoy it.

Comments should be sent to alt.sex.stories.d please.

The following contains nonconsensual sex, violence, s&m, rape, 
sadism etc.

If you are under age or offended by such, please go on to the 
next posting.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


                THE TEAM FROM THE RICH SUBURBS #1
                     The Basketball Team #1

Synthia Piper was almost at the top. 

She had worked her ass off all year, scheming and planning for
this moment. She had arranged to get her team into a league that
included a lot of poor, inner city schools. She had seen that her
kids received the best training money could buy. She had bribed
many of the officials of the big tournament; even a number of the
other coaches had succumbed to her bribes and, on one distasteful
occasion, her body. And now she was in a position to give the
parents of Virgin Miller College what they wanted, and what they
had paid for. 

The Silver Cup.

So she had been forced to do a nooner with that fat overweight jock
on the tournament committee. He had been so sweaty and that flab...
Well that was behind her. Now she could concentrate on the sweet
young girls. Lots of sweet young bodies to intimidate and seduce.
Why it made her smooth pussy water just thinking of the future.
The Silver Cup for their trophy case would give her the keys to 
the future. Champions of the high school girls basketball league,
division three would be just the start.

Each parent had coughed up the bucks to get their spoiled bitches
to the pinnacle of their conference. Now, with a little luck, a
little intimidation and a whole shitload of money, she would
overcome the opposition and get the Silver Cup for her school... 
and for her own future. 

It had worked so far, and now there was only one team left to
play for the cup. OK, the opposition was a tough group of ghetto
kids, but the officials would give her every break. A hefty bribe
had seen to that. Not that it was necessary; half the girls at
the inner city school probably spent more time in jail than on
the court and, if possible, her friends would see that some of 
them were taken right off the court for drugs.

Everything was in place. She would tonight dine on champaign and 
strawberries and that sweet Sandra. Big tits, red hair... that girl
had the tastiest cunt....

And, with the trophy, would come the recognition and respect she
deserved. Synthia had been an athlete in college, with
scholarships and a bright future, but one fucking incident, one
little episode of cheating had seen her career in ruins. She
would show them. Once she got a reputation for training winning
teams, she could take her pick of jobs, and those assholes at BCN
could go fuck themselves.

She could imagine their faces...

And now it was the big day. She had roused the little bitches out
of bed and had them standing in front of the well kept school
grounds with their bags, waiting for the chartered bus to take
them to the title game. It was a long trip, and she wanted to get
there early, just to make sure the fix was in. Everything was
going her way...

The usual bus arrived with a sigh and the door opened. A hugh 
black man emerged and smiled at her.

"You'll the team for the tournament?" he inquired. His eyes 
roved over the nubile young white flesh of the waiting athletes.
If anything his color, a deep black, seemed to go to purple. 
The girls, who had been talking and laughing moments before, 
fell silent, staring.

"Y... Yes!! Where is Steve, our usual driver??" she asked.

"Oh he's got a sick wife and I volunteered to take his place as 
I's got folks in town that I ain't seen in a while. I'm a good 
driver and I'll get you's there with smiles on your faces. Yes 
sir. I aims to please you'll folks. Now let's get those cases in 
the cargo box and get's started for the traffic builds up."

With that he proceeded to take her bag and open the door to the 
under side of the bus. There was a big duffle bag already in the 
compartment. Did it move?? No it must be something else.

Synthia saw hugh the big black moved efficiently through the 
crowd of shrinking, silent white girls and separated them form
their bags. Soon all the baggage was stowed in the belly and the 
cargo door closed. Without a backward glance he lumbered through 
the milling group of girls and stepped onto the bus. The springs
groaned with his bulk and the bus seemed to shift. A couple of
the girls giggled as he shifted his enormous bulk into the
driver's seat.

"All aboard for the tournament," he shouted at the tittering 
girls, "Hurry up fo' the good seats."

Synthia hesitated for a moment, but then shrugged her shoulders
and raised her clipboard. She called out the girls' names,
checking them off as they walked past her onto the buss.

"Terry." 

A tall, willowy blonde girl with large green eyes nodded her head
and got on the bus.

"Shanda."

"Kathryn."

"I don't want to go if... he's driving."

Synthia looked up. The speaker, a tall, brunette looked over at the
black man with a sneer of distaste on her haughty face. The teacher
leaned in and whispered: "I understand. But we have to get to the
game. Just hold your nose." The girl giggled and then nodded. She
got onto the bus, pinching her nostrils between her fingers.

The driver looked away but his teeth gleamed at the fully 
expanded blouse of the girl. 

"Regina... Sandra... Elizabeth..."

Finally, the whole team was on the bus, all ten girls.

Synthia swung onto the front seat and put her clipboard away.
There was a tittering and some disputes over who sat with whom
but finally they were all in and seated.

Synthia said, "OK, all here." She looked at the bus driver and
wrinkled her nose. Oh well... "What's your name?"

"Just call me Larry. I hope we get to know each other better as 
the trip goes on." Larry had the whitest teeth she had ever seen.
His eyes seemed to look right through her and she shuddered under
their gaze, turning away as he closed the door and released the
brake. 

The bus seemed to sigh and then the engine rumbled to life. The
girls laughed and clapped as their transportation turned down the
road and picked up speed, carrying them towards their adventure.
They sensed that this would be a high point in their lives. They
were going to make school history. 

Little did they know how right they were.

Larry drove like a madman. He had them on the highway and into 
the city with ease. As a couple of hours passed, most of the
girls soon got bored with travel. Kathryn loudly muttered 
something to Sandra about "monkey driving at the wheel". 
Synthia almost turned to tell her to keep it down, but 
then shrugged: what did it matter if they hurt the bus 
driver's feeling?  After all, they called them porch 
monkeys in the ghetto... so he would be use to it.

Most of the girls didn't notice when the bus took an early exit.
Synthia thought that something was wrong when it drove into the
half burnt-out ghetto, but when she stood up to complain, Larry
stepped on the gas. She tumbling her back into her seat. A couple
of the girls screamed, but most were too scared with the violent
motions to make any noise. They just sat, paralysed, as the
speeding bus bounced and jiggled over potholes and half-paved
road. Finally, Larry turned a corner and applied the brakes in an
alley behind a large brick building.

The engine died. He heaved himself out of his seat and turned
around: "Now we have a little rest stop here!!" A large .45
appeared in his hand; he grabbed Synthia's arm, pulled her out of
her seat and spun her around to face the now screaming girls.

"Shut the fuck up!"

The panicked girls ignored his order. He raised the pistol in the
air and fired. The explosion of the .45 in the confined space of
the bus deafened the girls and, finally, stopped the screaming.
Satisfied with the silence, Larry turned to open the door. 

Seeing her chance, Kathryn sought to flee through the emergency
door at the back of the bus. As she dropped to the pavement,
however, the slender brunette was greeted by a large group of black
kids, mostly teenagers. Some had sticks, some knives; some even had
guns. Letting out a shriek, she tried to climb back into the bus,
but was pulled down into the crowd. Sandra, a redhead with large
breasts, watched in horror from the inside of the bus as her team
member was quickly lost from sight behind a crowd of black
teenagers.

Some other kids had jemmied open the cargo doors and were taking
out the bags and going over the contents of the now subdued white
girls. A large duffle bag was split open and a bound, gagged and
naked Steve, the real bus driver, was uncovered.

Inside the bus, Larry hadn't been wasting his time. After seeing
that the escaping girl was well taken care off, he had been
stripping the basketball coach. Synthia had struggled at first, but
the feel of the .45 at her forehead encouraged cooperation. While
he worked, Larry looked up at the frightened teenage girls and
spoke: "Now I think you'll needs to rest for a while. What say
you'll strip's down for yo comfort and shit?? Else wise the girls
will take pleasure in treating you'll to a new set of rags made
from those fashionable duds you has on." 

The girls didn't move.

Larry had Synthia down to her bra and panties when he finally
threw her out to the waiting crowd. Taking a couple of steps down
the aisle, he reached down and grabbed a screaming girl, Regina
Jones, from her seat and roughly tore her blouse and then her bra
from her slight frame. Regina, a tomboy all her life, was a slender
girl, with thin hips and no breasts to speak of.

Larry sneered at her. "Looks like we got a boy hiding here. Tear
off the panties and if see if there is a dick hiding down there,"
Larry cried as he tossed her to the waiting crowd. The brown haired
girl screamed and struggled as black hands tore off her panties
and began to explore her lightly haired slit to assure themselves
their wasn't a dick in there. She was nearly catatonic with fear
from the feeling of her slit and the crowd of boys and girls there,
laughing and looking her over. She was so scared she could not even
scream. It took a particularly vicious pinch to her left nipple to
bring a vocal response.

"AAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA" she screamed and tried to cover the now 
aching nipple. It was a futile effort, with the many black hands 
exploring her now public nudity.

Seeing what was happening to their team mate, the thoroughly
frightened girls now hurried to obey Larry's orders, they saw what
awaited them off the bus so maybe they would be safer to do as
ordered and stay in the bus. They began to undress, and, covering
themselves up as best they could with their hands, they dropped
their smart clothes under the seats to save them for future use.
The crowd, who seemed to be taking every thing in their baggage,
swallowing up their other fashionable clothes.

After they finished undressing, Larry herded the semiclad girls off
leave the bus. As they stepped onto the pavement, each girl was
grabbed by either a black girl or boy and the precious underwear
was torn off. The sound of ripping and cries of outrage filled the
air.

Satisfied that his charges were in hand, Larry sought out
Synthia. He quickly found her in the middle of a knot of black
males were she was busily servicing the whole group from her hands 
and knees. She was sucking, fucking and jacking off a couple 
of the studs. One was even trying to fit his little black snake 
in her ear without much success.

"Get out' the way niggar!" Larry exclaimed as he pulled the 
earfucker out of the way. Angrily, he pushed the men away. The
dicks gave up their places in their reluctant holes and Larry 
dragged the dazed basketball coach over to the bus steps. Her
face glistened with come as he jerked her around and turned to
the crowd. She thought back fondly to the nooner with the 
official... If only she had gone over there and gave him the blow
job he wanted today. 

He shouted: "You'll simmer down and bring the white bitches over
here. NOW!!! I want's to set the record straight here with them
and dis here slimy cheating whore."

A groan arose, but the knots of black bodies untangled themselves
from the white flesh at their centers and disgorged a motley 
collection of shivering white females.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
              The Basketball Team #2


Larry stood up on the entrance steps of the bus with a
reluctant Synthia cowering at his side. She would have slid down
and tried to get away if it had not been for his hold of her
hair. As it was, she was twisting and squirming in his strong
grip, trying to cover her slit and nipples with her hands, hoping
to save what was left of her modesty. 

It was a futile hope. The frustrated earfucker came up, grabbed
her right hand and uncovered her slit. He roughly stuck a bony,
black finger in her and then shouted angrily: "What is this shit?
This whore is juicing to beat the band. I thunk that you'll stuck
up white bitches had ice in here but this'un is ready to fuck us
all." He turned to his friends. "Just a whore watering for some
of our'n big black licorice sticks."

Tears rolled down Synthia's face, tracing paths through the thick
globs of come, as the crowd burst into laughter. She wanted to
shout at them that it wasn't her juices; that the boy's finger
had encountered the still warm cum left by the recent rapes. 

But she was too scared.

Larry shot off the .45 again, to quiet the crowd of black
teenagers and maintain his authority. When they finally went
quiet, he hollered: "Shut up, motherfucker. You didn't even know
what hole to use when you had the chance." The kids laughed. "You
probably don't even know what to do with a fine piece of cunt
like this un if we was to give it to you for a week. You'd
probably just be pleading on those bony knees of you'rn to get a
little suck on one of these here tits. Now get out the way and
let me get this show on the road. We got business here, fucker."

Embarrassed, the earfucker withdrew a slimy black finger from
Synthia's hole and, recognizing his place, shut his mouth. 

Larry grinned at the crowd. "Now, we have a lying, stealing,
conniving bitch here. She done bribed and fucked her way here and
she done promised the officials that she'd give um a piece of
this..." He slid his hand along the front of her cuntpad. "...
for favorable decisions. So her team'd win the fuckin' cup.
Didn't you cunt?" 

Synthia squirmed helplessly. "Please don't hurt me!" she begged.
"I was just trying to...." 

"You see, I found out 'bout it, an I feels if this cunt is going
to be used again us I want's to sees it at work. It owes us. Does
I have any brothers that will volunteer to see if it is the real
power behind this team of pasty pussies we's got here!!" Larry
shouted.

Larry shoved her forward and she fell to her knees. A cheer went
up and the volunteers quickly assembled to sample the novel white
cunt. Some of the brothers decided that their were other holes
were in need of the attentions of some fine black hoses and tried
them. (The earfucker, as he was the smallest brother there got
left out and found only her ear and hair available again.) 

"Now brothers and sisters," Larry went on having successfully
disposed of Synthia for the near future, "we come to the pasty
cunts that 'play ball' for this bitch."  He surveyed the
cowering, near naked girls in front of him. "'Course," he sighed,
shaking his head in mock sadness, "it's not all prime meat. Give
me this little bitch here," he said, indicating Regina. 

He lifted her slight weight till she was visible to all and 
continued on: "You'll sure that this is a cunt?? I don't want to
find no hidden dick in this here supposed to be slit you'll
overlooked."

Regina was mortified. She had been stripped, examined and pawed 
over for an eternity and still this niggar was calling her a boy.
At 17, she was ashamed of her flat chest and boyish figure, and
suffered lots of teasing from other kids at school. But she tried
to ignore it, working hard at school and on the team. She planned
to go to law school when she graduated. And, if she ever got free
of these black hands, she would file such a law suit....

"AHHHHHHAHHHHHAHHHHH!" Regina screamed as her scalp seemed to 
catch fire in a thousand little places. She forgot her modesty 
and grabbed for the black paw that had lifted her effortlessly.
She fought the fingers the gripped her hair, but they seemed to
be made of steel. Finally, her strength waned. She finally gave
up hopes of fighting the bastard and hung there like a trophy for
this black man.

With a huge grin, Larry lifted the crying girl even higher into
the air. "Yes sir. It still looks like a cock holder to me... Any
of you'll brothers tried a dick in this?" he asked, sinking his
thumb in the hole he was discussing. 

"Noooo...." This brought renewed struggles from Regina as Larry's
thick, greasy finger pushed up against her cherry. The slender
girl tried to push his hand away, but he was too strong. She hung
there, helpless and naked in the man's hands, as he pushed and
then broke her cherry. "Nooo..."

"Lookie here!!" Larry exclaimed, waving his bloody finger in the
air, "Bitch must of got teeth in there. See she bit me!!! You'll
didn't do a good job of zamining the bitch. Give me that old base
ball bat you got there. I going to knock the teeth out of this
hole for all you'se." He grabbed the bat and stuck the narrow end
up against her clit at the mouth of her cunt. Regina squealed in
fear and started struggling anew, desperate to escape the thick,
wooden member. Larry grinned at her struggling. He placed the end
of the bat against her cunt and slowly lowered her onto it.

"AAAAAAHHHHHHHAAAAA" Reginna screamed, twisting and thrashing as
her wooden lover gave her her first fuck. She sunk down and then,
finally, passed out. Larry pulled her up and the bat stayed in
its snug new home. The crowd laughed. Regina was now open for all
time. She would be able to take on the biggest of them with ease
now and ever more....

Larry let her fall to the ground where she lay, unconscious, the
bat still sticking out of her wide open cunt. "Now them teeth
wont bother you'll little black snakes none," Larry laughed. 

Finished with the slender brunette, he cast his gaze over the
crying teenagers. "Her!" He pointed at Sandra, a tall girl with
large breasts and thick, red hair. "Get me the big titted red
head. This one going to look nice on the court with a set of
bells on her tits." 

Sandra fought as black hands pulled her towards the impromptu
dias, but she was quickly forced to the waiting clutches of the
powerful black man. She let out a cry as his hugh paw closed over
her hair and, as had happened moments earlier with Regina, lifted
her above the heads of the milling masses. She sought to cover
her treasures but Larry slapped her right tit with his free hand.

"AHHHH AHHH......" Sandra screamed and, seeking to cover her
jiggling tits, shifted her hands upwards. Larry reached down,
grabbed her pubic hair and lifted. The results were loud and
immediate. She resumed screaming, with a higher pitch and her
hands left her tits.

"Now this here un look like a basketball carrier. These two we 
could cut off and play with at any ole lot in the ghetto. Might 
take a bit of a knack to bounce up with these sticky out nipples.
I might try's that later, maybe after we get done today." Using
both arms, Larry flung the twisting, wailing Sandra into the
crowd.

"OK. Listen up you'll black bastards. We going to take these
pasty pussies into the old gym here and have um limber up for the
game today. Now bring um along... let's get inside to help our 
opponents. Sportsmen to... pussy... so to speak. HAHAHAHAAH"

The crowd surged forward and dragged the reluctant, naked team 
members to their fate. Regina, still unconscious, was pulled
into the building by her hair, still trailing the baseball bat
between her legs. The guy who had been fucking Synthia
reluctantly pulled out. He pulled her to her feet and shoved the
gasping coach into the building. The brunette stumbled along
after her team, a thick trail of cum dribbling down her legs.

The building seemed to be some kind of abandoned school. They
were led down a short hallway and into a larger room. It was a
gym, complete with basketball hoops, but the wood floor was
old and cracked. Inside the gym, they were herded to their bench.
On the bench were a collection of hugh dildos nailed down to the
seat.

"Now this is your bench and cause you is already dressed for it 
take your seats." Larry ordered.

It was too much for Terry. The tall, willowy blonde let out a
scream and tried to run away. She was quickly caught and so
became the first one to take to a dildo. Kicking and screaming,
she was forced to straddle the massive phallus. 

"Now you get it in your hole or we won"t be so choosie. We 
might pick the wrong un. Or make a new un altogether," Larry said
looking in Terry's wide, blue eyes. She was sure he meant it and
so she obeyed, lowering her precious cunt onto the waiting dildo.
She wasn't a virgin or anything, but being forced to impale
herself onto a dildo in front of a bunch of... and it was so
large! After six agonizing inches, she tried to stop, but a
collection of helping hands on her shoulders forced her reluctant
cunt to the fullest stuffing she had ever experienced. By the
time her naked ass touched the bench, her eyes became glassy and
she knew what a goose felt when stuffed.

"I bet she be ready for my big ol snake after that," the
earfucker interjected...

"Boy I done told you to get out the way, and put that little 
slimy thing back where it belong. or I going to cut it off and 
put it in YOUR ear," Larry exclaimed. Larry went around and
slapped Terry's small, firm tits back and forth a few times till
he tired of the bounce. The girl didn't fight; she just closed
her eyes and leaned forward slightly, trying to ease the pain.

Satisfied, Larry looked up at the other girls. "Bring um all down
here and seat um up here to hear my pep talk to them." 

The girls fought and cried and twisted and screamed and begged
and writhed... but, finally, they were all seated on their
respective dildos. Even Regina, who had turned out to be the only
virgin on the team, was woken and had the bat removed in favour
of the new intruder. Eventually, they were assembled on the bench
before the rival coach. The hands of the black teens assured
that they were firmly in place at the bottom of the seats.

"Now," he started, "we's gonna start your trainin to get ready
for the game tonight. To limber you all up, we thinks you'll like
a little run, oh... say about 6 miles, through the streets with
the crowd of boys as your protection. 'Course to assure that you
don't get lost we'll lock you to this little tackle dummy with
Bubba and Dimona to hold it down." 

Bubba and Dimona walked forward. They must have each weighed at
least 300 lbs.

"Now to aid you in this little run I'm going to shoot you each up
with a little crank. This stuff let you pull this little tackle 
dummy to the moon and back." He gestured at a couple of the black
teenagers. "'Course we got to assure that the judges don't know
you been shooting up so we do it in the pussy lips. Guys hold um
down."

Terry was first and she hardly knew what was coming. The sting 
to her left cunt lip was slight compared to the painful stuffing
of her cunt so she just stared blankly as the methamphetamine
went into the secret lip. 

Regina was next in the line. Dazed, she didn't struggle at all.
All she knew was that the dildo was easier on her innards than
the bat. So she just sat there and marvelled at her increasing
energy.

Larry did a couple more of the girls and then straightened up.
"Thomas, get your black ass over here and shoot up these pussy
lips for me. You got the experience here 'bouts. You three
bangers take the fixed uns to the sleds and yoke un at the field
and hold um till I get there. YOU'LL HEAR ME!! I gots to start
this lying pussy of a coach to her interview 'for the time run
out. Now you'll get your black asses in gear." 

Satisfied that his troops were following orders, he looked around
for Synthia. He found her on the fringe of the crowd, on her
hands and knees servicing a number of black dicks. The earfucker
hovered around on the edge of the group, looking for an opening.

"Get out the way motherfuckers! Me and the coach got some 
futures to discuss. You'll get up to the floor and see to the 
sleighs. I want no slipups with then hiped up pussies. One of 
them gets away you'll going to have to chase then to the moon and
back. They's all got to be at the game this afternoon. Now get's 
to it."

The kids scattered. Grinning, Larry grabbed Synthia by her arm
and dragged her down the hall and into the former principals
office.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    The Basketball Team #3


Lucy was pissed. 

Who the hell did that Larry think he was? Sure he be the big shit
coach of a respected school team but she had a business to run.
She had sat here on her assets and waited. 

And waited. And waited... 

Shit, she could've fucked two johns by now, 'n made a pile of
money to feed her habit. Angry, she heaved her hugh bulk to her
feet and started to waddle towards the door. Let the rest of
these fools wait for the great sports niggar. She had business to
tend to. If he thought...

The door slammed open and a naked white women with long, brown 
hair flew in to the room, cum dripping from her slit and
glistening all over her face and hair. Larry was right behind
her. He grabbed Synthia's neck and held her up for inspection
like a roasting chicken for the perusal of the assembled
multitude.

"Brothers and sister," he announced theatrically, "I called
you'll here to show you this fine piece of meat who might just be
up for grabs in the next a couple of hours." 

Stunned, Lucy looked around. Frank, a local bookie, and Tiny, his
bodyguard stared. Frank spoke up first. "What for you bring me
here?" he asked angrily. "I a bookie. I ain't no pimp. I got bets
to take on the game and the odds says you going to lose sucker.
The white bitch from the burgs done got the fix in afore you.
Come on Tiny, Lets go!"

Lucy grinned. She *was* a pimp. She strolled over and grabbed
Synthia's left tit and weighed it in her black hand. 

"Wait a minute Frank!" Larry pleaded, ignoring Lucy. "I ain't
wasting your time. This here is the bitch you say got the game
sowed up. I got her and her team here for some extra training and
I thinks we can convince her that she going to show us some
consideration with the officials." 

Frank stopped at the door and turned his sharp eyes on the 
cringing white woman as she tried to twist away from Lucy. "You
ain't shitting me? This bitch with all that cum. She the coach?
She been taking on the boys down stairs??  Still, what that mean
to me? I a business man..."

Larry talked fast. "Here's the plan. We know's that's whitie been
betting on their little pussies to win. You knows odds. But I
says we can use them odds, only without really changin' them.
Y'know what I mean. We'll skin um there at the game, and this
bitch going to help us do it to. We let Tiny here entertain the
lady, while you, me and Lucy gos out side and work out the
skinnie." 

Frank looked doubtful for a moment, but then nodded. Tiny, all
250 lbs of bone crushing muscle of him, strode over to Synthia
and pushed Lucy out the way. Frank laughed. No need to tell that
boy when free pussy was being passed around. 'N white pussy at
that. His charcoal flesh rippled as he grabbed Synthia from
Larry's grip, took her in a bear hug and proceeded to kiss the
now screaming woman. 

"NO NO!!! PLEASE I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT DON'T LEAVE ME HERE 
WITH THIS ANIMAL! I'LL CALL OFF THE JUDGES AND REFEREES....I'LLLL
AHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA....." Synthia screamed in terror as the three
blacks walked out of the room, leaving her to Tiny...

"Boy don't know his own strength Frank. Tell him not to break 
anything... yet..." Larry implored Frank.

Frank went back to the door, opened it, and ordered, "Tiny you 
play nice with that white bitch... for now! She might be useful 
later to my business..." The screams subsided and a gurgling 
sound followed. Frank slammed the door.

"OK. Now what this got to do with me?" asked Lucy impatiently.

Larry spoke up. "Well like you just see'd she bout ready to do
anything to please, so here's how I got it worked out. First we
get her attention, Like Tiny in there be doing. Then you'll shows
her the fascinating world of pussy 'n ass licking for the camera,
or somethin' like that, and then we takes her, suitably
harnessed, to the game. Frank get the bets down and then we win.
You'll collects."

Frank nodded, seeing the possibilities, but Lucy asked: "What for
I does this with the pasty cunt in there. I got business to do
and this keeping me from it. I got a dog fuck due right now for
that asshole Marty." 

Larry broke out laughing. "Perfect. You'll come over here and we
get it all on video. We'll use the dog to make her do whats we
wants. Proper white bitch like that un there videoed with a
puppy... She be ours forever and then some. Then after the game
you gets the pussy in there." 

Lucy was unimpressed. "What I want with an old shrivvled up pussy
like that in there. I need young meat for my customers. 

"All right you old whore, how bout the pick of the pussies down 
stairs?" Larry offered.

"I gots to see em first. They maybe not  meets with the tastes of
my cliental. Where they at?" Lucy asked.

"OK. I'll take you to the drags and you get the pick of the 
litter. How's that?" Lucy nodded and gestured for him to lead the
way. Larry turned to the bookie. "Frank you and Tiny wanna stay
and keep the coach company?" 

Frank shrugged and then nodded. "But don't be too long. I gots
things to do if we gonna make a buck on the game tonight. I'll
take a fuck... or two but make it quick." 

Larry walked away, followed by Lucy. Frank smiled as they left.
He going to ass fuck this white bitch. Ain't got no white bitch 
ever to take his black snake. And this wern't no whore. This'un
did have no say. He'd get Tiny hold her down and...

Frank opened the door and observed his bodyguard holding the
white bitch by the throat forcing his licorice stick into her
unwilling throat.

Frank grinned. "Yes sir, I going to have me a time with this
bitch..."

**

The team members moaned and writhed in terror, trapped by the
leather gloves superglued to the handles of two large blocking
tackles. Each had been forced to slip her hands into the glove
and the lace-wires tied tight so that they could not get lose
without help. Now they stood, trembling with fear and helpless
energy, hands up against the sled while the black teens explored
their formally secret places.

Lary and Lucy came down the stairs. The stairs groaned under
their combined weight. "This here is the string," Larry explained
as he led the female pimp across the yard. "All hopped up and
ready for their jaunt through the street. They going to drum up
business for the game... as if that be needed."

The two blacks stopped a few yards away from the blocking
tackle while Lucy looked the white girls over with an expert eye.
"You sure got some pasty white pussies here boy." She walked
forward and began examining the girls up close. The girls
squirmed away, not knowing what this black woman was going on 
about. Running her hand over Regina's flat chest, she said 
"This one look..."

"I know!" Larry grimaced. "I thought it was a boy too." He
grinned and gestured at the cringing girl's pussy. "And it had
teeth in the pussy not a dick," he joked. "I bashed um out with a
bat, though."  

A nervous Regina looked at these crazy black devils. 

"Well..." Lucy continued sinking her black finger into Regina's
unwilling hole, "Done a good job too. Little rough around the
edges, but I bet she make a fine lezzie bitch with the right
encouragement. Maybe..."

"Maybe we talk 'bout that later," Larry interrupted. Lucy looked
at him for a moment and then nodded in understanding. These girls
did not yet know their fate.

If possible, Regina felt worse. Everyone called her a boy,
teasing... And now this! Her pussy hurt so bad she could not
slump down and the tears were streaming down her face. 

Smiling, Lucy moved on to Marcie, a tall girl with long, black
hair and deep blue eyes. Lucy seized one of the girl's boobs
and gave it an appraising squeeze. The girl cried out in protest,
but Lucy ignored her, moving on to Sandra, the redhead with the
massive tits. Lucy smiled.   

Sandra twisted at the pain as the large black woman prodded and
poked her left tit. The redhead let out a scream when the woman
pinched her nipple. She too was nervous and fidgety. Just get
this over with. When are they going to let her go home?? Daddy 
will get these bad people.....

"Ahhh...." The black woman had twisted the nipple and was pulling
on it. 

"Sensitive too," she grinned, speaking her thoughts out loud.
"Wonder what she do if'n I just bite it off?" She lowered her
mouth to the nipple in question.

Larry put a restraining hand on her shoulder. He pulled her away
from the 'sled' and whispered in her ear. "Now Lucy, I give you
pick of the litter, but don't go damaging the merchandise. Just
pick out a couple and then we got some filming to do and they got
dragging to tend to." 

Lucy looked at him. "A couple? How 'bout six?"

"Three."

"Five."

"Four. But there's a game to play first, you old whore. You'll 
best me in these deals."

Lucy nodded her agreement. Four prime pieces of white, teenage
pussy was worth a lot of money. She and Larry shook hands, and
she went back to exploring the girls.

Kathryn, a tall brunette stared at her with hatred as she ran
her hands over the girl's tight body. 

Shanda, a petite girl with white blonde hair burst into tears
when she was inspected. 

Terry cringed when it was her turn, and her hole was filled 
with the black woman's finger. The nails scratched the inner
lining, which was already sore from the dildo she had been 
forced on to. Terry sought to pull back and Lucy hooked her nail
in so Terry skewered herself.

"AWWWAWWWAAAAWWW" Terry cried.



Lucy turned to Larry, releasing the blonde girl's pussy. "C'mon,"
she said, having made up her mind, "I got a camera crew waiting."

"I'll be along," Larry told her, watching as she began
laboriously climbing the stairs. "I gotta finish out here first."

Lucy got about half way up the steps before taking a short break.
She cleaned off her hands and then pulled a cell phone out of her
bag. "Lo Marty!! Look I know's I's late but I got's a deal for
you. Larry got a string of pasty pussys here at the old Lincoln
High School and..." She fell silent for a moment, listening. "Let
me finish fool... You be real sorry you do that. I come over
there and cut off them pasty balls a your'n. Now listen up. I got
a deal here... Yea, I got a better bitch than Wanda to do the
dirty with the dog. How you like a nice white bitch... No, I
ain't shitting you! Not young, but not bad lookin'... athletic...
Well you gets you pasty ass and your shits over here or maybe I
calls Sam... You bastards all look alike to me, honey... Oh yea,
bring the money... of course fool, bring the dog... Oh yea have
the camera man load his camera now. He might could get some
interesting footage on a streaking group of girls for the ghetto
news... What that? Of cource fool... load the still cameras too.
This could be a scoop." 

With that, Lucy slapped the cell phone shut and struggled up the 
remaining stairs. This was turning out to be some all right day.
She hated the stairs but the business she could do and she didn't
have to share any of the money with that bitch Wanda. 

And four pieces of prime, white meat...

**
Larry looked over the girls and inspected the way in which they
were joined to the sled. Didn't want to lose none of the pussies
now, did he?

Satisfied that the gloves were secure, he stood back and began to
speak: "Now, I knows you don't like this much, but 'no pain no
gain'." Many of the assembled crowd of black teenagers laughed;
they'd been in his gym classes and heard that statement more than
once. "But just to show you I'm a nice guy," Larry continued
after the sniggering died down, "I'm goin' to help protect your
precious modesty. I's going to tape you'll sex over with you'll
school colors." He lifted up a bag. "Got some nice wide red duct
tape. That way you pussies be covered from the prin' eyes of the
homies; we done told the whole neighbourhood that this is a
publicity stunt for the game: 'Pussy Publicity'! 'course, they
expect our team, so you'll going to be a big hit. I just knows
it."

He pulled the tape from the bag and approached the quivering
girls, still speaking: "Now, any one you'll wants to stop and
sight see in this neighbourhood... good luck. I bet the rival
gangs be fucking and fighting over you'll asses for a long time."
Lary forced a long piece of the two inch wide tape onto Regina's
crotch. "See, the law now says that it is discrimination for men
to go topless less we let women do the same. You'll be doing the
law a service. Yes sir, sure is a shame to cover this pussy with
this tape but well... law is the law..."



It took a while, but finally all of the girls had the duct tape
securely strapped over their pussies. Larry straightened up. "Now
here comes your riders." Bubba and Dimona come lumbering up to
the tackle sleds and stepped on. He fighting team members. "See
these is to encourage you'll to do your best. This (Larry held up
a home made cat of nine tails made from short nylon rope with
metal bits in the ends) is to urge you's asses and backs. And
this (he held up a long, home made whip) is to reach over and
tickle the tits of any slacker these fine jockies feel is doing
less that 110% of her duty. I knows your coach is counting on
you'se to do at least that for the old school." He smirked and
pointed to their tapped pussies. "And here, you'll not only be
showen' off the school colors, but you'll school colors 'l be
protectin yo pussy."

He took a step backwards and called out: "Now let's get this show
on the road." He waited while the black teenagers moved away to
create a clear path. "Jockies," he yelled, "start your pussies.
First un round the course gets to stay on their backs and rest up
for the game, but the slackers... they gets to tongue fuck some
cute ass holes for a home video for the school." 

The girls shrunk back from the laughter and jeers, but there was
nowhere for them to go. Where was their coach? Where were the
cavalry to save them? Where was...

Without warning, Bubba swung the cat around and thrashed the ass
of one of his girls. There was an explosion of screaming and
crying as Dimona did the same, and the two sled lurched into
movement. A few more swats, and the sleds were moving along to
the jeers and calls of the crowd.

Bubba's sled took the early lead, but, not to be outdone, Dimona
went to the short whip and her team finally began to pick up
speed, still trailing after Bubba's sled. Dimona was furious at
being behind and quickly went to the long whip. With practised
strokes, she managed to cut a nipple here and a cunt lip
there. Her fillies began to pick up speed and she began to close
with the leader Bubba, but at the turn she lost the long whip so
she had to go back to the short whip on the asses and backs.

Bubba still held the lead as the carts went out of view around a
corner. Cursing, Dimona worked the whip. She silently promised a
lit cigarette in each ass hole if they didn't win this race with 
Bubba. 

**

Lary watched as the two carts turned the corner and went out a
sight, a long trail of black kids following behind. He grinned as
he climbed the stairs back into the school. The run and the
uppers were guaranteed to exhaust the little pasty pussies. Now
to see to that lying, cheating, coach of theirs...

He picked up speed, climbing the stairs two at a time. He better
get his black ass in gear less he miss the dog show Lucy done set
up. The thought of the white coach under a dog lightened his
step... That Lucy... She one perverted bitch... maybe that be why
they got on so well. When he got to the door of the former
principals office he heard an argument... 

He tried the door but it was locked. Angry, he put his shoulder
to it and busted it down...




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                 The Basketball Team #4


The door gave way with a loud crack, ripping off its hinges and
crashing to the floor as Larry slammed his bulk against it.
Inside he found Lucy desperately waving a straight razor, trying
to keep Tiny at bay. Frank was kneeling behind a sobbing Synthia,
doing his level best to fuck his black snake into a very tight 
white ass hole.

Keeping her eye on Tiny, Lucy yelled to the gym coach: "Bastard
going to ruin her. You know none of my girls let that fool put
his snake in their ass holes. He too fuckin' big. And this
dainty slim little old white pussy be totally out of shape 'fore
I get's to prep it for Rover. He be ruining it for us'n."

Angry, Larry strode over to the straining Frank and grabbed his
shoulder. Tiny tried to go to his boss's aid, but Lucy's flashing
razor held his attention. Larry pulled, and Frank's snake
withdrew, spitting a thick stream of cum as it left it's former
host.

Frank looked up from his position on his knees. "What for you
does that Larry? Me and this sweet bitch getting it on just fine.
Just fine. Lucy there don't know what she be talking about. You
said I should  'entertain' the bitch." Frank looked over at where
Synthia lay curled up on the floor, gasping and crying while a
thick wad of cum dribbling out of her strained asshole. He'd
finally found a bitch could take him in the ass! And what an ass,
all round and smooth and like an granny smith apple.... Frank's
smiled radiated like midnight in the room. He was truly a
satisfied man. That hole done had his attention..... but there
was business.

Seeing his boss smiling, Tiny stopped his attempts to intervene.
His boss had his cum and they were talking. He'd watch and wait.

Larry growled: "Now Frank, you knows that you is too big for that
shit. Specially with a thin new white un like this. You ruin her,
you bought her man!!" 

Frank laughed. "Oh shit! Man, I likes this un fine. I take her
offen your hands now..." 

"No!" Lucy shouted, slipping her razor back into her bag. "We got
a deal. She got a video to make for Marty." If there was no bitch
hear when Marty arrived and Wanda done left her crib, Lucy had
visions of herself with that great dane in *her* black ass. 

She kept one hand in her bag, fingering her razor. No way, that
was gonna happen. No fuckin' way...

Frank and Larry looked at each other for a moment. There was a
moment of tension and Tiny looked like he was ready to jump. Then
Frank shrugged and turned away. 

"Look man we talk bout this later, mano on mano. You dig?" Larry 
offered, hoping to quell the tension.

Lucy sighed and took her hand off the razor. She walked over to
Larry and the two of them closely inspected the shivering
Synthia's brutalized holes. To their delight, there was no
permanent damage; her asshole was stretched open and leaking cum,
but it appeared to be shrinking back just fine. It would never be
as small and as tight as before Frank's cock, but it be good
enough for a ghetto whore.

And good enough for the great dane! Besides, what a dog know bout
tight pussy. Sure he be a fucking fool but he probably do her 
anyway. Maybe have to put in a little dog food to get um started 
but he a good dog. Experienced too! He done a job on Wanda last 
week. Mut be a sex maniac. Just like this fool Frank here. White 
pussy...

Satisfied, Larry turned to Frank. He winked and mouthed the word
'later', and then said: "Frank get on out here! You've got stuff
to do, and I'm going to let this pussy go when we win the game
and I get my cut of the increased business you give me." 

"What?" The bookie looked confused for a moment before
understanding dawned on his ugly face. "Oh... yea! Right. Lots to
do." He leaned down and, with a hard pat on the ass he'd just
vacated, he said: "but I really wants to have this un... but I
guess you'll be lettin' her go after the game. If she behaves 
herself." 

Larry nodded. "Yea... thass right. She's goin free if she does
what she be told."

Frank nodded back. They had a deal. In his mind, the bookie
raised Larry's cut of the betting profit to 10% from the 5% he
was going to give him after a day or two of haggling... Hmmm...
maybe best make that 7 1/2%... Yea, by then with a dog in her an 
all.... Well forget that; 5% was good enough after all. Smiling
broadly, the bookie left the room, followed closely by his
bodyguard.

"You should let me cut his dick off," Lucy snarled as the bookie
left the room. "Teach him put that dam fat old fucker in any old
place. Why I bet he fuck a black snake 'cept he not sure where he
end and the snake begin. Asshole's ruined more than one a' my
girls... jus' too fuckin' big. He so much dick he lose 
business when that snake go up... Take all the blood from his 
head. I cut it off for him he be a foot shorter..." 

"Lucy..." 

Synthia was frozen in place on the ground while Larry tried to
calm the black woman. The basketball coach shivered as another
dollup of cum dribbled out of her abused asshole; the bookie had
been so BIG! She shook her head, moaning in pain. This could not
be real; it just couldn't. She got up this morning, just like any
other morning. She had bribed and fucked her way here, almost to
the top, and now she was reduced to ass fucking a niggar and
swallowing another niggar's cock. What had become of her? She
groaned as she felt her innards shifting back to their normal
positions. She was certain that that fat fuck stick had shifted
internal organs. He was so BIG! She did not care what these
fuckers said or did, her ass would never be the same. She'd never
fuck a man back there again. She'd...

Her thoughts of self-pity were interrupted when a short, balding
man sauntered into the room like he owned the place. He puffed on
a stinky cigar. He looked around and his gaze fixed on Lucy. The
naked white woman on the ground did not phase him. He was in show
business. The bizarre was normal to him.

Lucy fell silent as the newcomer started to speak in a loud,
obnoxious voice: "Lucy... baby... Swell tip you gave me. That
drag thing with the naked bitches was great. Fuckin' great. I got
Walt with the hand held following the whole thing. I just hope he
don't get mugged in this neighbourhood. That's an expensive
camera. Be great footage for an orgy pic I got in mind. Fuckin'
great!"

He paused for a moment and then turned to Synthia. Grinning
around his cigar, he framed the crouching brunette with his
fingers and thumbs moving from close and wide angles. 

He continued speaking as he studied her: "So this the little
bitch wants to be in pics with Rover. Not bad... kinda pasty
looking, but not bad... little lighting and we correct that...
not bad... makeup would be too expensive, but a little lighting,
and it'll be great. Fuckin' great." 

He dropped his hands and turned to Lucy. "You want we do it right
here?? Oh..." He looked at Larry as if seeing him for the first
time. "Lucy, who's this bastard? He wanna be in the movie?"

Larry's face darkened. "I'm the reason you's here, asshole."

Lucy stepped forward to get in between them, but Marty just
laughed and turned away, totally oblivious to any threat. "Ah,
that's great... owe y'one... big one. Now that we got that out of
the way..." The balding man looked around the room. "Do we do the
film here or in the auditorm?" Lucy shrugged. "Come on..." he
checked his watch "...time is money, money is time. I only got
the cameras rented till six. After that it costs double and when
Walt gets back I wanna be all set up." 

Larry sniffed, his anger draining away at the thought of what was
going to be happening to his captive. "That be a good idea. We
take her down to the auditorium and you have your people set up
there." Still a bit miffed, he gestured at the producer's cigar.
"Hey, this place is a fire trap asshole; put out that fucking'
cigar." 

"Yea.. Yea..." Blowing a large smoke ring, Marty grabbed
Synthia's arm and lead her out of the office and down the hall.
She sobbed quietly, but didn't try to break away. There was
nowhere to go, what with Larry and Lucy following close behind.
And naked, cum dripping from her ass hole, sore throat.. what
more could happen to her? In a few moments, they all entered the
old gym, where, minutes before, the ten girls from the basketball
team had been impaled on the dildo bench. The phalluses still
stood there, some glistening in the dim light.

A small film crew, two men, a camera and some lights, was
waiting. Accustomed to strange sights, they didn't blink when
their boss, dragging a naked woman, walked across the gym
shouting orders and directions.

Dazed and confused, Synthia felt she had been transported to an
alien world. First those black teens, then the bookie with his
massive cock, and now a group of people with all this equipment..
what were they doing? What was going on? Didn't they see she was
naked and needed help. How could they...

"GRRRRR GRRRR." Synthia started, looking over towards the
growling that was coming out of a darkened corner of the gym. A
black kid, the earfucker, broke cover and started run across the
gym floor chased by a... a massive great dane!

Marty chuckled. "Looks like we got company." He turned to Larry.
"One a' yours? Sorry bout that. Rover don't like spooks, but he
ain't never eaten a whole one before..." He turned to one of his
crew. "Tommy get out the dog biscuits and bring um back 'fore he
gets sick. I don't usually feed him dark meat." The producer
chomped on his cigar and laughed as Tommy went chasing off down
the hall after the dog and the black teen.



Still laughing, Marty took the bewildered Synthia and dragged her
into the center of the gym. "Set up here and hurry up," he
ordered the remaining crew member. "I want to catch this before
we lose the fuckin' light."

He waited impatiently as the man quickly set up the lights. In a
few minutes, everything was ready: Synthia cowered in the middle
of a blinding pool of light. "OK... OK... where the fuck... "
Marty paced back and forth, puffing his cigar and dropping his
ashes all over the place as he waited for Tommy to get back with
the dog. Finally, they came back into the gym, the great dane
slavering and pulling on its chain. The dog had a patch of cloth
held proudly in his mouth.

"Ahh... shit, you didn't let him eat that spook did ya?" Marty
glanced at Larry, grinning. "It might make him sick and then we
have to do this scene over." Before Tommy could answer, the
earfucker lurched through the door into the gym. His hands were
locked behind his ass,  covering what the patch of cloth had 
once been there but was now Rover's proud possession. Marty
laughed.

"Good... good... fuckin' great." He turned to Larry. "See? The
spook is OK; nothing vital missing." 

Then it was back to business. "Now, where is that fuckin' Walt. I
bet he got mugged or somethin'. This is some neighbourhood you'se
got here spook." Larry winced and turned away. The coach was
angry, but he was also beginning to understand that the man
didn't mean or even really know what he was saying. It was just
his way of talking.



Smiling, Lucy went to her pocket book and removed her compact.
She walked into the pool of light and approached the cowering
Synthia. Grabbing hold of her the woman's hair with her free
hand, she began powdering her tits and face. "Best look your best
dear. This is one pic you is going to remember for your whole
life." Synthia moaned, but didn't say anything.

The earfucker stood against the wall and let the cool stone sooth
his bit ass. All he wanted was to do was fuck the white bitch and

then the dog done fucked him up. His snake wouldn't get hard no 
matter what. He was so scared the dog get the idea it was a 
black bone and tear it off. His fucker be hiding longs at that 
wolf be here. He just wait the wolf out. He be in love with the 
white bitch. He do anything to fuck her... 

Anything that didn't involve the fuckin' wolf...




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                 The Basketball Team #5


The sound of screaming came from outside. Larry walked over to a
dirt-caked window and knocked out the pane. Sure enough, the
tackle sleds were back in the school yard and fast approaching.
Bubba was still in the lead, but Dimona was close behind. He had
gone to the long whip and was snapping at his fillies' nipples.
The girl's screamed, pushing with all their might, but, in spite
of the meth, they were beginning to falter. Bubba shouted
encouragement, working the whip for all he was worth.

Dimona, despite being reduced to only the short whip, saw her
chance. She swished her dragger's asses with all her strength,
bringing her 'persuader' down again and again. The sounds of
screaming reached Larry's ears as Dimona's girls, somehow fresher
than Bubba's, responded with an increase in speed. Dimona's sled
picked up speed, slowly closing the distance.

Faced with defeat, Bubba acted true to his character: he
cheated. Leaning back, he snapped his long whip, catching one of
Mary's girls right on the labia. It was Elizabeth, a tall girl
with short red hair and a face full of freckles. Normally a
vivacious, energetic girl, the combination of abuse, drugs and
physical exertion had left her a mess. Half dazed, she was
pushing Mary's cart with all the strength left to her, but when
Bubba's whip caught her labia, her cunt exploded up with stinging
fire. Letting out a loud scream at the unexpected pain, she
stumbled and fell, immediately slowing Dimona's cart.

Enraged, Dimona leaned off the side of her sled and started
yelling at Bubba as his sled pulled away and passed the courtyard
finish line. She was still yelling and cursing when her own sled
entered the courtyard, and thus didn't see the lowered roof that
slammed her in the face and knocked her off her sled. 

Everything went black.

She was out for most of the festivities, but when she finally
woke her cunt was being ministered to by the defeated Bubba.
Muttering a vague curse, she reached up and dragged his face down
for a wet, sloppy kiss. 

He may be a fat, cheating bastard, but he was *her* fat cheating
bastard! Young love be the best...

**

The dazed, exhausted girls were freed from their sleds. Silent,
dripping with sweat, the naked white girls trooped into the gym
behind Larry. There in what had been the center court they saw
Synthia in a brightly lit area in the middle of the room. The
basketball coach was kneeling over a small, specially designed
stool. Her hands were cuffed to its center post and her knees
were locked to metal rings also attached to the post. The
adjustment kept her bent over the stool with her cunt open to
all. Her long brown hair hung down to the floor, obscuring her
face.

The exhausted girls moaned and sobbed as Larry herded them back
to their dildo bench and had them sit down again. Their pussies
and asses were still covered by red duct tape, so Larry forced
them to sit on the back part of the bench, with the dildos
sprouting up between their thighs. On his orders, each girl
grabbed the dildo and held on. First girl that took her hand off,
Larry told them, would have the thing in her ass. Crying, the
girls held on for dear life.

Back under the lights, Lucy knelt beside Synthia, 'encouraging'
the white woman to arch her back and spread her legs by running a
bristle street sweeper brush under her tender tits. The touch of
the wire brush caused Synthia to arch up to avoid the bristles.
Satisfied, Lucy went round and secured the waist strap which held
Synthia's middle to the stool seat.

The coach tried to lower her ass, but the black woman waved the
brush. "Now you just arch up nice and pretty there and I won't
have to use the brush on your tits again... or somewhere else.
You stick up and give that pussy out and I don't have to do more.
You stick it down and denies him, I put this sucker under 
there and then every time he pounce you get stuck more. You got 
that bitch?" 

Synthia, dazed and humiliated, could do nothing more than nod her
head in confused agreement. Anything to avoid pain. But... what
did she mean... pounce? Frightened, she squirmed on the stool,
being careful to keep her ass high in the air. What was...

Impatient, Marty strode on set. "OK... OK... let's get the show
on the road I'm losing the light. Walt, you reloaded?" The
cameraman nodded. "OK, you cocksucker... you better get some
great shots. Cost me a fortune to get that kind of stuff for my
orgy pic. Even..." The producer glanced over at Larry and
smirked. "...if the spooks work for less than scale."

Marty grinned when Larry glowered at him. "Hey big guy, how bout
you give me the broads for tomorrow's shoot. I'll make it worth
your while. Course I got to consider you their agent and..."

Larry cut him off: "Look asshole, I don't know nothin 'bout
tomorrow. These bitches got a game today. If my team win, I'll
probably let's um go home with the bus." Larry raised his voice
to make sure the girls heard. "Else wise I think a nice bus
accident with a fire roast their pussies to the right color." 

For the first time since he'd arrived that morning, Marty looked
shocked: "Spook... Spook... don't go nuts on me. That'd be a
waste of good pussy. I mean I got an orgy pic and then the
"Farmer in the Dell" project just waiting for a troop like this.
They'd be perfect. I could use um all." He pointed at Regina.
"Even the boy over there." 

"That there's a bitch," Larry growled, stalking up to the shorter
man and glaring down at him, "and if you keep call'n me 'spook',
you'll be one too. 'f you know what I mean."

Marty swallowed. "Well, uh... I'll be dam, spoo...  I mean
spade." Larry growled, but the producer turned his attention to
Regina again. "A bitch, you say? I got just the pic for her.
She'd be a great butch with that hidden cunt of her's." He turned
back to Larry. "What say Spade? I'll get lots of use out of um."

Larry turned to the girls. "YOU'LL HEAR THIS FOOL? YOU WIN THE
GAME TONIGHT AND I GIVE YOU TO HIM." The girls stared at him,
wide-eyes. "Now watch here." He gestured at the pool of light.
"See what you'll be doin'."

"I'm all set," Walt shouted, right on cue.

Relieved at having an excuse to walk away, Marty turned and
hurried onto the impromptu set. "OK... OK... everything ready?"
Receiving a nod from Walt, he walked around behind the camera.
"In 1... 2... 3... action." Walt switched on the camera and Marty
gestured at Tommy. Grinning, the man lead the great dane towards
Synthia's captive ass.

Finally, Synthia realized what was going to happen. "NO... NO...
Don't do this... don't let him." The basketball twisted and
squirmed on the stool, trying to protect her ass by squeezing her
thighs tightly shut.

Marty was disgusted. "CUT! CUT! That's fuckin' great. Lucy, you
know you should have placed that brush under her stomach. This
bitch ain't Wanda. Where she is from they probably never get a
break like this at the start. Get that damn brush and fix it
right this time." 

Angry, Lucy jumped to the task. She grabbed the twisting woman's
breasts and pinched until she raised her body from the stool.
Once the woman's back was properly arched, Lucy took the wire
brush and jammed it, bristles up, under her crotch. Synthia let
out a cry of pain as gravity puller her tender crotch down onto
the bristles. "I tried to go easy on you," Lucy hissed, running a
long fingernail down the outside of Synthia's pussy lips. "Now
see how you like this."

"Please..."

Lucy laughed and walked away.

Marty nodded. "OK," he called. "Now action... for real this
time."
 
Tommy let the dog off the leash. Confused, the great dane came up
and sniffed at Sythia's exposed ass. The woman tried to pull
away, but the pain from the wire brush was too great. With a
quiet growl, Rover licked the unfamiliar sex organs. 

Not fast enough for Marty. "Cut!" He glared at the trainer.
"Let's Speed him up Tom. We're losin' the light." 

While Tommy prepared Rover, Marty wandered over and knelt down in
front of Regina. Leering, he reached up and fondled her tiny
breasts. He was fascinated: it *was* a girl. "You could have a
great career as a butch for me, kid. Sorry I thought you'se a boy
but well you have to admit, you look the part. Be a shame to
waste you in an... accident."

Larry had walked over to see what was happening, but stopped when
he heard what the producer was saying. He grinned; it fit right
into his plans.

Regina was not so happy; she broke down and started to cry in
earnest. Her hands itched to slap this nasty man, but she was
afraid of what would happen if she took them off the dildo.
Sobbing, she promised herself she would never shoot another
basket in her life. If she ever got out of this, why, she would
go to a nunnery. Anything to get out of this madhouse...

"C'mon Marty... you in a hurry, or what?"

"Later," Marty grinned, giving her cheek a pat. The bald producer
stood up and walked back to the set, where filming was almost
ready to start again.

"Roll 'm."

The dog, now more motivated, advanced quickly. Synthia was beside
herself with fear. "Please," she begged, staring back over her
shoulder at the advancing dog. "I'm sorry... I didn't mean it.
I'll tell the officials that they have to give you the game. I'll
tell them I cheated... I'll..." The great dane, oblivious to her
begging, jumped forward and came down on her back, causing her to
sink down onto the wire brush. 

"Ahhhhh..." Synthia let out a loud, agonized scream as she tried
to foce her body to arch up off the penetrating brush. The dog
was too heavy, though. With a growl, he began to hump up and down
on the captive woman like he'd gone crazy, sliding his cock up
and down on the coach's back. Synthia immediately stopped
screaming and started trying to wriggle away from his slimy dick,
anything to keep it from penetrating.

Marty watched for a couple of moments and then snorted in
disgust. "Stupid dog!" He looked over at Tommy. "You call
yourself a trainer? The dog couldn't fuck the broad side of a
barn." 

Tommy shrugged. 

Walt stopped filming. 

Marty thought for a second, and then stalked over to the bench
where the girls were sitting, plastic dicks in hand. 

Larry held back, waiting to see what would happen. 

He walked up to Regina. "You, butch..." He grabbed her hair and
pulled her from the bench. "You're coach needs some dog dick. Go
help her out."

Regina stared in horror. "No! Please... I couldn't do that... I'm
a good girl. I.." 

Marty grabbed her arm and shoved her towards the set. "Well this
here dog can come 10... 12 times an hour. You don't do it. I see
to it we use you in the sequel... in about half an hour or so.
Hell, might do it anyway. I got a feeling about you... you're a
natural. More of a butch type, but the dog thing..."

He let the threat hang unspoken.

Regina looked uncertain. 

"You wanna switch?" he asked. "I bet your coach'd be real happy
to help him with you..." 

Terrified, Regina nodded. She walked slowly forward and knelt
down to find the dogs cock. 

"Start the camera," Marty hissed.

"OK."

"Grrr..." The dog growled menacingly from its perch atop the
helpless basketball coach. He wasn't inside of her, but she was
his. Any threat...

Regina looked around, but there was no respite. Swallowing, she
said: "Nice doggie... nice doggie." Tentatively, she rubbed his
head, paying special attention to just behind his ears. When he
calmed down a bit, she reached down and cupped his dick with her
right hand. 

"A natural," Marty whispered loudly.

Grimacing with disgust, Regina positioned the dog's cock...

Sythia was frantic. "Regina, for the love of god, don't... 

Too late. The dark haired teenager had positioned the cock,
inserted it and the dog did the rest.

"Ahhh... no... no, get it out... please..." Regina fell back as
her coach bucked and heaved under the weight of the great dane.
"It's in the wrong place... oh god, it hurts... please, Regina...
please get it out."

Frightened, Regina tried to back away, but Marty ran up behind
her and grabbed her by the hair. He dragged her around to
Synthia's face, forced her to kneel and stretched her hand to the
coach's dangling tits. 

"Girly you fucked up, but no problem. I still say you're a
natural. Besides, she gots lots of holes; one's as good as
another. Now, to make amends I want you to grab these cow tits of
hers and make nice nice with the bitch. Make her nice and happy.
Maybe give her a kiss or two. I bet you can make her come even
with your fuck up. You're a natural." Marty released the girl and
backed away. "Just remeber, you could be next!"

Sobbing, Regina seized Synthia's tits and began to squeeze them.
Not having any tits to speak of, and never having touched another
girl, she started kneading them, like she would bread dough. 

"Regina... please... please... no do... don... don't... please.."
Synthia babbled insanely, arching her back and twisting
helplessly on the stool as the dog ass fucked her and her player
kneaded her breasts.

Marty was ecstatic. "That's right, baby, right on... right on,
bitch. Kiss the bitch. Make it good for her... go on..."
 
Regina looked at him in horror.

"Come on dog girl," Larry called from the side, getting into the
event. "Kiss the bitch... or would you rather kiss nice doggie's
dick. I don't think Rover had a nice suck off this month. Coach
won't mind the delay and Rover just another day in the biz. I
make you suck him off, you don't get a move on." 

"Regina," Synthia whispered, her voice made unsteady by the
pounding motion of the dog. "Don't listed to them. Please don't
make me..." 

Regina made her choice. Still twisting and squeezing the dangling
orbs, she leaned forward and kissed her basketball coach with a
passion she's formerly saved for her as yet imaginary boyfriends.
This was for real. Synthia had made her come here. She hadn't
wanted to play on the team in the first place. She had bad
enough trouble being teased about looking like a boy without
getting involved in sports. But Synthia had convinced her. She'd
get this bitch. She gripped her coach's tits and ground her lips
against Synthia's unwilling mouth. When that mouth opened, the
small breasted teenager slipped her tongue in and began to suck.

Moaning around the girl's invading tongue, Synthia struggled to
get away, but the death grip on her tits... the stool... the
straps and the brush... and, most of all, the dog in her ass
hole. She was... no god, no she was not a... Why was she so wet?
No, not with a dog... She wouldn't .... She couldn't... oh
god....

Then, without warning, the dog's dick swelled in her ass and shot
what must have been a quart of hot spunk up her anus. She almost
fainted, half in relief. She was saved... It was over, and she
hadn't... Wait a moment... it didn't go down. It stayed there it
was.... No! No! She was coming... coming...

"Ahhh..."

"Fuckin' great. Hope your getting all this."

"Don't sweat it," Walt answered.

Oh god... it was still there. He stayed inside and the swelling
didn't go down. She was lost. She tried to sink down, but the
brush forced her tender flesh to raise up again, fucking back
against Rover. The dog took this as a cue to start again and went
on with his love making.

At a cue from Marty, Lucy came over and fastened a second belt
loose over the dog's haunches, locking it in place. Then she took
Regina back to her seat. "Big dog like that there cum till the
cows come home, girl," she explained, sitting the tomboy down
behind the dildo "She be tasting his cum for days. You done
good. You be good with dog fuckers. You like horses?"

"A natural," Marty called over.

Lucy grinned and turned back to the snivelling teenager. "You win
the game and it looks like you got a job with old Marty, here."
Regina let out a loud sob as the black woman walked away.

Back on the set, Synthia came again... and again... and again...
She didn't know what was happening to her; she was delirious; her
ass hurt; her tits hurt... *everything* hurt. But all she could
do
was come again and again, screaming and wailing like a demented
fuck doll as the dog pounded its massive dick into her guts.

Coming again... and again... and again...




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                   The Basketball Team #6


The filming continued...

Synthia's ass hole was fucked out. It seemed like the dog would
go on forever, pumping dog cock in and out of her stretched
asshole. Each time it took longer, but she could not help her
self. Regina's tittie manipulations and hot tongue had sent her
over the edge the first time, and now she just could not control
her self. Even the wire brush, its bristles cutting into her
crotch, had become part of the pain and pleasure that sent her
screaming, over and over again, into humiliating orgasms. If this
went on for much longer, she would lose her mind... if she 
hadn't done so already. She would... 

Oh no... here it came again... "UM UM UM UM... Ahhaahhhaaa..." 

And, for what seemed like the hundredth time that afternoon,
Synthia came, bucking and howling over the stool while Rover, the
great dane, pumped her asshole with incredible energy.

"Ahhh..."

The orgasm died away, but the dog kept pumping.



          ********************************

The filming continued...

After about half an hour, the novelty of watching a white woman
fucking a great dane and coming like a dog slut began to wane and
the spectators turned their attention to the girls. Larry had
taken charge, ordering the girls to stand up and then, one by
one, ripping the red duct tape off their crotches. The girls had
cried and moaned as their now hairless pussies were exposed to
the laughing watchers. Then, inevitably, the fat basketball coach
ordered the girls to their mounts.

"OK," he yelled when the girls were all impaled to the hilt, "'s
not fair yo coach get all the fun, so I've decided to let you
have a little too. I wants y'all ta ride yo little white pussies
up and down on those friendly dicks there." He smiled when the
girls cried out in dismay. "'course, I knows you wan' it, but yo
just too shy. Thass why I asked these men here to help out." He
pointed to behind the girls.

CRACK! 
"Ahhh..."

The teenagers turned to see a group of black boys standing behind
them, all carrying whips. They started swinging, bringing the
whips down on the girls' exposed asses, call to them to get
bouncing. The teenagers moaned and wept, but, eventually, they
{mounted up and}began to move.

**

Regina let out a quiet groan as she sank back down on the dildo.
It didn't hurt - after the baseball bat, her newly opened cunt 
could take almost anything - but the horror at being forced to
fuck herself on the plastic dildo made her shudder. She'd never
ever had a boyfriend, always being a tomboy, and now... this!
Forced to fuck herself while a group of laughing boys slid their 
black hands over her nipples and twicked her now hard clit. 

"Ahhh..."

The whip came down on her ass and she pushed herself up again...

**

Elizabeth bounced up and down on her dildo as Larry had ordered,
frantic to avoid the whip. The slender redhead squealed and
moaned each time she sunk down on the massive phallus, but
slowly, she felt a warmth build up in her stuffed cunt. Not even
aware of what she was doing, she brought her hand down and began
to rub the outside of her pussy while riding the plastic cock in
and out of her stuffed cunt. She was getting closer...

**

Terry was not only getting closer, but she was doing so for the
fourth time. "Ah... Ah... Ah... Ahhhh..." The willowy blonde girl
moved her crotch up and down in a blur as pussy juice squirted
out and dribbled down the plastic cock.

Her blue eyes closed to slits as the room seemed to spin around
her. Everything was going blurry... just like the black boys who
crowded around in front of her. They grabbed at her small
firm tits and slipped rough fingers in her swampy slit, but she
barely noticed. They all looked alike to her now... she was
floating... floating... 

Her only conscious emotion was envy for her coach... the woman
was screaming again as the dog brought her to orgasm yet again...

She is such a bitch, Terry thought. Hope the doggie rips 
her cunt right out... serve her right... 

The thought sent fresh waves of lust though the blonde's fuck-
addled mind, causing her to bounce with increased energy...
{She wondered if the doggie was this good. Coach sure seemed to 
love that canine cock. wonder if Rex at home was as big as 
this dildo? Maybe tomorrow she would....

**

Lucy, walking along the front of the bench, looked at the blonde
girl and smiled. She'd made a good choice; girl be a natural
whore. Now what else looked profitable here?

She glanced over at the big titted redhead she had chosen
earlier. Sandra, or something like that. The girl was bouncing
frantically on her dildo, her eyes wide and glassy while two
black teenagers sucked on her massive tits. The black woman
nodded. She could pick em whores out group of nuns.

Now, who else be profitable in this here string...

**

The boys had turned Whitney and Melanie around so that the two
girls were facing each other on the bench, their cunts still
stuffed with plastic cock. With encouragement from the whips, the
two girls were necking while bouncing their sore pussies up and
down. Whitney, a shorter girl with curly blonde hair was crying
and sniffling, but Melanie, her green eyes closed and face half
hidden under thick, brown hair, was whining and bucking up and
down on the dildo, her tongue eagerly exploring her friend's
mouth.

** 

Lucy noted the brunette as she continued her inspection. Another
whore... great body... do just fine on stage, too. Be a hit at 
the stag parties she had scheduled next week. Black snakes really
seek out that pouting mouth... Got to raise prices for her... Oh 
lordie the money that make her... She get that dealer change her 
order make that special paint job. Royal PURPLE, just like that 
rock star Queen something or other. This bitch work it for her.

Just one more...

She passed by Jennifer and Marcie. The two girls were cute enough
- one a short brunette and the other a tall girl with large blue
eyes and curly black hair - but they were just moving
mechanically on their plastic lovers, shoving themselves up and
down in silent agony while the black boys went at them with their
whips... 

Too stuck up for the trade. Let that fool Marty have um 
better pickings here bouts.

**

Kathryn had come once but was now just sitting there on her
dildo. For the past ten minutes, Larry had been attempting to get
her to deep throat him. It was too big, though, and the tall
brunette gagged and chocked, pleading with him as best she could
just fuck her cunt. Her cunt, squelching on the dildo as she
rocked back and forth on the bench, was wide open and ready for
more after the first orgasm. Her poor throat, on the other hand,
was...

Larry gave a hard shove. Something gave and his balls finally 
rested on her chin. Her throat commenced milking his black fuck 
stick.

"Ahhh... glchh..." The brunette chocked as yet another inch of
black cock was forced down her unwilling throat.

Larry laughed. "Now we gettin' somewhere bitch." Kathryn raised
her hands to push him away from her face, but he just cuffed her
on the side of the head. "Put them hands down. Orson... get 
your black ass over here and hold the bitch's hands. I got the 
finest feeling from her throat and bitch want to spoil the 
moment." The teenager ran over, grabbed Kathryn's hands and
pulled them away.

FLASH! FLASH!

Larry blinked, covering his face. It was the producer, Marty,
with a camera. "What you doing fool?" he hollered. "You like to
made my 'Jim Thomas' go down for I get a nut?" 

Marty just laughed. "Spade, that was a kodak moment. I'll have
glossies made and you can put then in the family album or do you
spades keep photos in the bibles?" 

"You best not get my fine black face in that picture," Larry
growled. "Else I feed you that kodak up you ass sideways."

"Look spoo... I mean spade," the producer answered. "There ain't
no need for your profile, ugly as it is. Not when I got this fine
white bitch and that long black snake sticking in her... hey
spade, she's turning blue. Don't think you should snuff the
merchandise. Least not till Walt there gets the camera reloaded
and pointed in the right direction." The producer glanced back to
where his cameraman was avidly filming Synthia and Rover. Seeing
that they were still going, he turned back to Larry. "Spoo... I
mean spade come on take it out..." 

Much as he hated to leave the warm, wet hole, Larry had to admit
that the producer was right. No offing the merchandise till 
after the game. He pulled back. His dick withdrew from the girl's
mouth with a loud pop, leaving a trail of pre-cum and spittle
down the front of her face.

"Now that is how it be done bitch." Larry said to Kathryn as she
gasped and chocked for air. "Next time you can tell um that I
been there first."

As he walked away, he gestured at Orson to make sure that the
girl started riding up and down again on the dildo...

**

Lucy glanced at Kathryn as the brunette slowly picked up speed,
but shook her head. Not right... Even with the opened throat she 
just not right for her class of customer.

There was only one girl left on the bench: Shanda, a petite girl
with extremely fair skin and white blonde hair. The girl was
riding the plastic cock up and down, but she wasn't enjoying it.
The teenager behind her was forced to lay into her with the whip
to get her to move.

Lucy frowned. This one wasn't a whore either. She gazed at the
girl for a few moments, fascinated by her pale skin. 

Moving as quickly as her bulk would allow, the black woman
reached down, grabbed Shanda from her place on the bench and
pulled. The girl let out a cry of pain as the massive dildo was
abruptly torn from her cunt. In moments, the blonde girl was on
her knees in front of Lucy. The black woman glared down at her.
"You don't be looking like no normal pussy... my eye balls see 
you's more of a pussy eater instead. As I's got the right 
equipment I give you a try. Best be getting to it now. Make me 
mad and I give you a facial with my rasor."

The blonde girl shook her head, crying. NO!!!! Not that... 

"Don't be shaking that head on me, bitch," Lucy growled. "I says
you is a pussy licker, then you'se a pussy licker. Else maybe
you'll take yo coach's place in front of the camera... yo wan'
some dog cock?" The fat woman looked over at where Synthia was
coming for the tenth time since the dog had started. "'Course,
you'll have to wait your turn; you coach done fallen for his
brown and white furry balls." She turned her attention back to
the cowering girl. "D'ya want a turn?" Shaking, Shanda shook her
head. Lucy grinned: "Then you'll do me and like it. Understand?"

Shanda began to wail, shaking her head no... no... no... Lucy
lost what little patience she had. Swearing, she raised her
skirt, exposing a tangle of nasty dripping pubic hair over a
smelly hole. "Come to mama, you littly pasty pussy. Come suck my
clit or else... once you done this un I bet you forgets all 'bout
that old doggie you'se holding out for."

The blonde girl couldn't do it... she just couldn't... she knelt 
there, crying and shaking.
Lucy growled: "Them tears makes it better for me, but you don't
be getting down to the licking soon, I'm going to change my mind
and have you do my ass hole first. Yea... I gots to take a shit
first though to give ya the full effect." Shanda stared up at the
black woman, eyes wide. "Get to it!" Lucy grabbed the girl by the
hair and shoved her face into her crotch.

The blonde teenager tried to keep her mouth shut, but she had to
breath. Slowly, tentatively, she extended her tongue... maybe if
she kept her eyes closed...

Lucy would have none of it. "Now you open those pretty green eyes
a yours. I wants to see my little cunt licker's expressions..."

Shanda let out a groan, but did as she was ordered. Keeping her
eyes opened, she pushed her face into the black woman's smelly
crotch and began to lick and suck as best she could. Soon, Lucy's
eyes went glassy and her breath became short. This little white
girl had a talented tongue. With a little training...

**

When Larry, his cock back in his pants, turned to go watch
Synthia with the dog. Orson had wandered off to play with the
redhead's tits, and the brunette, Kathryn, was left
alone, still bobbing up and down on her dildo. 

The earfucker, his ass still smarted from the where he had been 
bitten, but now his balls ached too. He was still afraid, but 
his little head did the thinking now: they'se is all busy... 
now's m'chance to take care of business... the wolf be taking 
care of... the little bitch be going at it on the dildo...

Larry don't be no mind... they be buddies... 

These thought running through his mind, he snuck over to the
dazed brunette repeatedly impaled herself on the plastic cock.
She was almost coming, her face all red and sweaty... she do him
righteous. 

Darting forward, the earfucker grabbed the girl's head and forced
his black snake into the soft drooling white mouth. In no time,
he was inside, slowly sliding his cock in and out of her gagging
mouth. He threw his head back and laughed... he was getting it
from a white girl... he be...

"Ahhhhhhhhh... stop bitch... let lose... Ahhhh..." In her
delirium, Kathryn had bitten down on his rapidly softening black
snake.

FLASH! FLASH!

"Ah... young love," Marty commented, peering through his
viewfinder.
FLASH! FLASH!

"Ahhh... please stop her... please... Ahhh..." Attracted by his
screams, a small crowd had gathered, laughing and taunting as he
danced around, his dick still stuck in the brunette's mouth.

Marty laughed: "Boy finds girl. Boy get's in wrong hole. Hole
bites boy. Young Love!! I love it!! Bet I get top dollar from 
them S&M Mags for this sequence."

"Let go bitch... Let goooooo ... ahhhhh!" Finally, she let up and
his dick slipped from her slackening mouth.

FLASH! FLASH!

"Hear spook... turn this way so I can get a better shot of the
blood... they'll pay..." Yelling, the earfucker turned and ran
from the gym, his pants still around his ankles. Marty shrugged
and turned his attention back to Sythia. He *did* have a film to
make here.

**

Larry checked his watch as the commotion finally died down.
Almost time to get ready for the game. He looked around. 

Under the hot lights, the dog was finally running out of steam;
he'd pulled his dick from the coach's ass and a long stream of
dog cum leaked out onto the floor. Walt had moved the camera in
for a final closeup.

On the benches, the basketball team were all bouncing up and down
on the plastic dildos, some with more enthusiasm than others.
Some had black cocks in their mouths... some were using their
hands to jerk off their many "admirers"... two girls were necking
with each other... and one girl, the tiny blonde, had her face
buried in Lucy's rolling thighs. Larry smiled... the black
woman's head was thrown back and she was thrashing her legs up
and down, half suffocating the girl.






~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                The Basketball Team #7


Frank and Tiny arrived at the auditorium early. The bookie had
had a busy afternoon, setting up bets, arguing odds, collecting
money... if things went as he expected at the game, he would be
collecting a large amount of money. If not... well, he'd take it
out of Larry's black hide. Still, there was always more money to
made. Followed by Tiny, he headed to the slowly developing island
of white faces in the black ocean of the auditorium seats.

Still more money to be made...

In the first row, a tall, white haired man sat there with an
attractive, much younger redhead. Frank thought she looked a lot
like the girl Larry had back in the old high school, with auburn
hair and green eyes, but he couldn't be sure. Woman looked the
part of a rich housewife: she was wearing a mink coat and long,
diamond earrings. Frank studied her appreciatively for a moment
and then turned his attention to the mark. 



Frank walked up to the man. "Hello there," Frank greeted offering
his hand, "Name's Fast Frank Smith. You'll here for the game? Why
I bet you got a little. .. un on the team. Sure a great day for
it." The bookie talked fast, his smile was disarming.

"Tom O'Donald," the white man said reluctantly taking the black
man's hand. "and yes, my daughter is on the team. She will be a
starting guard. "

"Just like her father," the redhead added, gripping her husband's
are nervously. "He played at Seaton Hall in his day." The woman
looked at Tiny, intimidated by his size.

"That a fact?" Frank said, nodding. "My little un's on the other
team, but she ain't so good. Think they'll just let her little
butt warm the ben..." He stopped and looked at the man's wife.
"Oh scuse me, Misses. I mean she be second string. Yea thas what
i means."

"Oh, well, not every one can be first string," the man said
magnaminously, "And I did my share of warming the bench. But
Melanie... Now she's an athlete. With this win, I'll see about
getting her a scholarship to college. Always important to be on
the championship team and play ball in college. Gets you in with
the right people." 

"Sure do, don't it." Frank agreed, his smile widening. His
gleaming white teeth almost glowed under the bright light.
"Say... how 'bout we make a little wager on the outcome? You know
make it interesting for the grown folks."

Tom looked doubtful. "Gambling is illegal. Besides I don,t see
where your team has a chance." Tom tried to hide his smile. He
knew the fix was in. Hell, he had helped put it in himself. Cost
him... wait a minute.. "Course," he added, "you folks do have a
lot of talent."

"Oh yea. Right. Be illegal. But I knows the folks on the other 
team want to express confidence in their chidren. If'n you'll 
don't want to express confidence in you'rn. I'll understand. 
Might get beat by us poor black folks." 

Frank played Tom like he did the catfish back home. His disarming
smile never left his face.

The man still looked uncertain, but then: "Tom we have to." His
wife, the redhead, spoke up. "I mean it would be just a token of
faith in Melanie and the hard work Synthia's done with the
girls."

Tom shrugged. "How about five dollars?"

"Well if'n that's all you think your daughter's team worth."
Frank said taking out his roll of bills. "Yes sir... I's this
confident in our poor girls, but maybe with your job in jeopardy
it be all you can afford... 

"Toooommm..." His wife pulled at his arm, encouraging him to
increase his bet.

The man sighed. "Wait a minute. I have confidence in Melanie and
Synthia. I just don't want to take your money.  And my job's just
fine; I'm a lawyer - partner actually - and I'll..." He looked at
his wife for a moment and then turned back to the bookie. "...up
that to $100."

Frank grinned. "Now we getting there. What odds I got to give
you? Two to one seem fair?" 

"Now wait a minute. Our team is better but I don't see that we 
should..." 

"No man," the bookie interrupted. "I give you the odds. You'll
team win, I gives you $2 for each $1 you'se put up."

"Well... if you are sure you want to do this... I mean our team
is favored... I mean..." The man looked confused.

Frank grinned. Time to move on. "Man, you seem to lack confidence
in you'ne." He shook his head and then looked up at the other
white parents in the crowd. "Maybe someun else here want to bet
with us folks," he called out.

"OK OK," Tom gave in. "Put me down for $500 of that." 
Another white man leaned down from his seat and asked: "Can I 
get some of this?"

"Sure you can," Frank told him. "How much you want?" 

Deals were made quickly and soon Frank had all his money covered.
Small potatoes, really, but not bad. As game time approached, the
bookie turned to leave the white section of the bleachers.

"Wait a minute," Tom said. "How do we find you when we win?"

Frank looked shocked that anyone would question his honesty. "I
be an honest man," he answered, "but to show my good faith, I'se
let your fine wife here hold the money." He leaned over to the
redhead. "Here y'go maam. You keeps it till the final outcome."
He straightened up and looked down at Tom. How's that?" 

Tom nodded. "Well, that's fine. And you have our word that we
will treat you fairly." 

"Well..." Now it was Frank's turn to look doubtful. "That is a
lot of money.... 'specially with all these bad niggars round
here. Suppose my friend Tiny here sit with your wife to see 
to it no harm comes to you'll or the money." 

"Well, uh... that's OK... I guess." Tom turned to his wife, who
was holding a bag full of money on her lap. "OK with you honey??"

"Well.. I don't know... I , uh..." she answered, looking over at
Tiny's smiling face.

Frank looked thoughtful. "OK... tell you'll what: we have her sit
at the officials table, down there in plain sight all the time.
And I'll sit with you." 

"Well, I guess..." Tom was unsure of where this was leading. "OK 
with you honey?"

His wife looked uncomfortable, but she nodded her acceptance.
What could happen to her out there in plain sight?

The bookie smiled. "Yes maam. You'll get right over there with
the boy Tiny here. He take good care of you and the money be
safer there."

Tiny offered his hand and helped the woman down to the small
official's table. She shot her husband an angry look as she
passed by, but didn't say anything. She just walked down to the
table with Tiny close behind.


Frank grinned and took his seat beside Tom. 

"Just in time," Tom commented. "Here come the teams."




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                   The Basketball Team #8


Tom groaned and sat back on the bench. Things had gone terrible
for his daughter's team since the whistle had blown. For some
reason, they seemed slow... listless... almost like they weren't
really trying. And why did they all seem to waddle rather than
run like the black girls? Even Melanie, his daughter, was playing
a terrible game. What was going on? He looked over at Synthia, 
hoping that she would do something, but the woman just sat there 
looking...almost stunned.

That bitch had got him to put up... how much for this game? And 
now this niggar beside him had gotten him to bet another $500.
This fucking game was going to cost him a weekend in Barbados
with his secretary. Fuck basketball!! I never want to see the
game again, and when I get these two bitches home I'm going to...

The ball went through the hoop; two more points for the home
team, and the crowd went wild. The black girls moved with smooth 
animal grace and could do nothing wrong. 'Course it helped that 
the white team seemed so... listless.

**

Synthia breathed a sigh of relief as the opposing team scored
again. They were already ahead by ten points, and were playing
well. The way things were going, she'd be out of this nightmare
in a couple of hours. Then, she told herself, she'd be in a
police station so quick...

TWEET!

The whistle blew. Moving mechanically, the coach signalled for
two girls, Elizabeth and Whitney, to replace two of their team
members. The two girls groaned. Each member of the team had a
thick butt plug up their ass and a small, actively buzzing dildo
in their pussy. Something to help them enjoy the game more, Larry
had told them, laughing. As long as the girls just sat there, it
wasn't too bad; even pleasurable (Terry, on the far end of the
bench, was rocking back and forth, her eyes closed and lips
parted), but running and playing... well, it wasn't much fun. 
And the shifting of the strange members did nothing to encourage 
swift movement, even if they were not so tired out...

The two girls did as they were told though. Larry had let them
know in no uncertain terms what would happen if they did anything
unusual. They wanted out of the nightmare as badly as Synthia.
Moaning, they got to their feet and half waddled onto the court.
Regina and Shanda limped off, their faces shiny with sweat. 
Their hands went to their crotches to ease the shifting when 
they sat down.

TWEET!
Synthia sighed as the play resumed, shifting uncomfortably on the
seat. That fat black bitch had stuffed her aching ass with a
massive dildo after the dog had finally finished. After the dog's
cock, it hadn't seemed too bad, big as it was, but now her poor,
abused asshole was finally tightening back up, and the plastic
cock felt like a tree trunk. Especially with the almost equally
large dildo inhabiting her pussy.

Only a couple more hours...

**

Alice O'Donald looked around uneasily as the buzzer went off at
half time. She was closer to the court than her husband, and she
was sure that something was wrong. The girls looked... almost
sick... like they were in pain, or something. She'd tried to
catch her daughter's eye, but Melanie had ignored her, playing
the worst game she'd played in her life.

Pulling her fur around her shoulders, she tried to stand.

"I don't think so, maam," the black man - Tiny - said, glaring at
her. " There's a lot our'n money, and you's never knows who might
wanna get it and might take a piece or you fine white ass sides
from you."

The redhead looked around. Her husband was lost behind a sea of
black faces as the crowd milled around. He had a point; maybe she
should stay where she was. Clutching the bag of money on her lap,
she remained at the official's bench. She didn't know which she 
feared more, the black crowd or the big black bodyguard she had 
at her side.

**

The frightened girls trooped into the dressing room. Some of them
huddled on the bench, shaking and crying, but others, such as
Terry and Sandra, leaned back against the wall, rubbing their
crotches through the thin skirts of their basketball uniforms.
The
willowy blonde had come three or four times during the first
half, once while actually on the court.

Synthia came in last, almost waddling with the two large dildos
stuffed in her ass and pussy. She looked around at her players,
but received mostly hostile stares in return. They blamed her for
their predicament.



Larry walked in, followed by half a dozen black teenagers.
Synthia groaned: "What now? Aren't we doing what we're supposed
to do? We're losing the fucking game."

Larry just grinned at her. "Pretty uppity for a dogfucker."
Synthia turned red and dropped her eyes. "'sides," the black man
went on, looking at the girls, "this thing's not done yet. Yo
losin, alright, but there's still time t' turn it around. I'm
here to tell you that's a bad idea."

Synthia started to say something, but Larry turned to the
players. "OK... everyone pair up." The girls just sat there.
"Now" He grabbed Regina by her short hair and pushed her over on
the bench next to Whitney. The two girls glared at each other,
but did as they were told. Soon, they were sitting, facing each
other on the bench. And, in short order, there were five pairs of
girls.

Marty rushed in, short of breath. "Am I late?" Walt, the
cameraman ran in behind him. "You promised you wouldn't start
without me, spook."

"Didn't start nothing yet," Larry growled, deliberately ignoring
the director's manner of speaking.

Marty ignored them, looking at the girls: "Alright, ladies... you
girls are all gonna star in my next film, 'Hoop Sluts'. For the
next half hour, you're gonna neck with your friends. Or else."

The girls groaned, but no one protested. They knew it was
hopeless. One by one, each pair began to kiss each other. At
Marty's prompting, and under Wilt's viewfinder, the action got
heavier and heavier. Before long, tops were open... breasts
squeezed... tongues entwined... sweating, half-naked teenage
bodies writhing...

At Marty's instructions, Walt paid particular attention to Regina
and Whitney. He found the contrast between the butch, tomboy and
the sweet, young looking blonde irresistible. The two girls both
hated it, but with a little 'persuasion', they were soon giving
it their all: humping and moaning and writing like a couple of
lesbian sluts.



Lucy walked into the dressing room. Smiling, the fat black woman
looked around. She saw Synthia, sitting by herself at the back of
the room. When she pointed it out to Larry, he called her over
and had her kneel before him and suck his cock for the remainder
of the break.

He came in her mouth just as the buzzer went off. Lucy, who had
been looking forward to having her pussy sucked, heaved a sigh of
disappointment. 



**

Tom looked away, swallowing angrily. Things went even worse in
the second half. The white girls just didn't seem to have any
energy. Even after the half time break, his daughter looked 
tired...almost dazed. He looked down at his wife, wondering 
how he could get his $500 back from this bloodsucker beside 
him, but Alice was pretty much blocked from sight as the home 
crowd, ecstatic with their team's unexpected success, was 
jumping up and down in the bleachers.

Tom groaned as another two points lit up on the home board. He 
would have to forget those new clubs he wanted. This damn game 
was costing him a fortune.

**

Synthia glanced at the clock. Only ten minutes left in the game,
and they were hopelessly behind. Nothing could win the game for
them now. There wasn't enough time. That black bastard had done 
it to her... Now she would sneak out and get the police... she'd 
have the last laugh on that niggar...

Synthia looked around. Time to make a her exit. Everyone was
blocked off. She wasn't sure the blacks would let them go. She
didn't want to take any chances. Moving carefully, her ass and
pussy still painfully full, she slid off the bench and moved
slowly back under the bleachers. 

Safely out of view, she turned and hurried as best she could down
the corridor towards the exit. The crowd let out a roar behind
her - another two points for the home team - but she didn't care.
All she cared about was getting out of this...

"Mmph..." 

A black hand slipped over her mouth and pulled her into a side
room. She struggled furiously, but her head hit the doorjam and
everything went black.

**

Alice watched, wide eyed as Synthia slipped off the bench and
hurried away out of sight down the corridor. Something was
definitely wrong. Frightened, she turned to run to her husband,
but a large hand on her knee froze her in place.

"We don't be wanting to be doin' that, do we?" Tiny asked,
leaning over and putting an arm around her shoulder. The redhead
tried to scream, but all she could manage was a quiet whimper.
Even if she had screamed, it would have been lost in the screams
of the crowd.

Under the table, Tiny's hand crept up towards her crotch... His 
fingers tore a hole in the pantyhose and slipped into her slit. 
"You'll just sit and enjoys the game. Lest you'll like has to go 
to the can. I be happy to take you." Tiny offered smiling, as at
that warm hairy slit his fingers were exploring. 

**

The final buzzer went off.

The home crowd burst into a frenzy of screaming and shouting,
rushing down onto the court. 

Tom rose up to try to get to the table and retrieve his wife. 
Frank pulled out his trusty old sock and hit him behind his ear. 
The roll of silver dollars did the work just like always. Tom 
sank to his knees and Frank pushed his way through the crowd, 
using the impromptu blackjack to overcome obstacles.

**

Whitney heaved a sigh of relief as the buzzer sounded. It was
over... finally over. At last she could get the bloody dildo and
butt plug out of her body, escape this madhouse and get back to
her life. And Regina... she felt a bad taste in her mouth at the
thought of what she'd been forced to do with that dyke bitch.
Well, she'd have to do something about...

"Ahhh..." The blonde girl staggered and dropped to her knees as
she was knocked forward by one of the crowd. She tried to get to
her feet, but there were too many people. She thought she would
be crushed, but a hand grabbed her arm and dragged her through
the crowd, protecting her from the worst of the crush. She was
pulled towards an exit at the back of the gym and, finally,
through a pair of doors.

She looked up to thank her protector, but suddenly let out a
scream when she realized...

**

Melanie looked around, confused as the sea of black bodies broke
over the basketball court like a tidal wave. She thought she
heard her name being call and looked over towards her official's
bench. 

"Mom!" 

It was her mother. She was bent over the table, her legs splayed
wide and dress bunched up around her waist. A large black man
stood behind her, pumping his hips back and forth. 

Melanie let out a yell and started trying to fight her way
through the crowd towards the table. It quickly became
impossible to make any headway. Hands grabbed at her, squeezing
her breasts and crotch... Finally, one of the hands didn't let go
after copping a feel, and she felt herself pulled away from her
mother. 

A man stepped in front of her mother and slipped his cock into
her screaming mouth just as Melanie was pulled out the exit.

**

Frank walked through the crowd to Larry. The coach was standing
there with two struggling teenagers writhing in his grip. 

"Got em all?" the bookie asked.

Larry grimaced. "The bitch coach done slipped away on us."

"Shit! I wanted that bitch for me. She'll have the cops down on 
us... quicker than shit."

"I know, but there's nothin' we can do bout her right now. 
Where be Tiny?"

Frank looked around. "I get's him," he said, sauntering back into
the crowd. "You get the bus loaded."

Larry watched for a second and then walked towards the exit, the
two girls still writhing in his grip...

**

Tiny was in heaven.

The redhead's pussy had been special, but her ass... so warm and
tight you'd think she'd never been reamed out up there before.
And the feel of her body as she kicked and screamed under him...
A crowd of on lookers were offering advice and one man had 
filled Alice's mouth to help quiet her cries for help.

"Tiny!" The bodyguard looked up to see his boss looking at him.
"You bastard. What the fuck yo be a doin? We got's to get outta 
here. Let's go. And better not forget's that money."

Tiny sighed... but orders were orders. Letting out a grunt of
effort, he grabbed the woman's red hair and pulled her back so
that her body was almost parallel to his, directly in front. The
extra weight pulled her down and his cock slid even further into
her guts. Keeping one arm around her, he picked up the bag and
began walking towards the door. The redhead let out little grunts
of pain with each step as her body was suspended off the ground
by the cock buried deep in her ass.

Frank was waiting at the door when Tiny arrived. The bookie
grabbed the money and followed his bodyguard and Alice out the
exit.

"Room for more," Lucy called out. "Best hurry on up here... 
Where you get that there white whore??"

"It be a two-fer sale you old whore and don't be trying to take 
her for your crib. She be 'tached to me by dick!" Tiny explained
as he mounted the steps with the dazed Alice firmly impaled on
his dick.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                  The Basketball Team #9


The bus was very different from the one they had come into town
on. That bus had been almost knew, with nice seats, lots of leg
room and tinted windows. This bus was a battered, yellow thing,
with cold vinyl seats, rusted metal and cracked, dirty windows.
And, of course, the bus they had ridden in on hadn't had
handcuffs dangling from the metal rails on the backs of the
seats. 

But this one did. Each girl, all ten of them, sat on the aisle
seat, a slender wrist cuffed to the seat in front of them. The
girls still had the vibrators and butt plugs in side of them,
causing them to squirm on the uncomfortable seats. Most of them
were crying, although a few curses from Larry had silenced the
worst of the noise. 

Bubba was driving; Dimona sat directly behind him. She had him 
and she be dam if she lose him to one of these pasty pussies. She
keep her eye on the boy.

Larry and a few of his helper walked up and down the aisle, 
generally keeping order. Frank and Tiny sat at the back. The 
bodyguard still had Alice O'Donald on his lap and his cock 
was still buried deep in her ass. The redhead moan and let 
out the occasional gasp when the bus his a pothole or bump 
in the road, but was otherwise silent, paralyzed with fear.

The bus drove through the ghetto as night slowly fell. 

**

"First stop," Larry called out as the bus ground to a halt.

The girls stared, wide eyed and terrified as three black men
climbed into the bus. They all looked young and extremely tough,
obviously gang members. One of them spoke: "This'll better be
good, ball man." Larry looked angry, but didn't say anything. "We
makes lotta cash on your school... won't lay off for nothin'."

Toby was head of the Gipps. He had held off any gang activity 
against the game with Larry's promises of a white pussy. Now he
was here to collect.

Larry swallowed. "That be good," he told them. "You won't be
disappointed." He nodded towards the girls. "Got some choice 
meat for you. Word is, you guys need a couple locomotives... 
somethin' cute to pull a train. Well, I gots just the thing 
for you'lls." He looked at the girls. "How about..."

Elizabeth struggled wildly as her handcuff was unlocked and she
was dragged to the front of the bus. The three gang members
looked the tall redhead up down, squeezing her small, firm tits
through the thin material of the basketball uniform. Finally, the
leader turned to Larry: "Alright, man," he said, grinning. "We
gots a deal. This little bitch'll be perfect for a little bash
we're throwin' tonight. "Sure you'll don't be overloaded we take 
the extra meat off your hands. Keep's it nice and cool for a 
while." 

The girl screamed loudly as they dragged her off the bus and into
a nearby building. Larry watched as they disappeared from sight
and then tapped Bubba on the shoulder. Time to move on...

**

The next gang was less easy to please. They wanted two girls, and
insisted on trying them out before agreeing to stay away from
Larry's school. 

Larry offered them Jennifer and Marcie. In short order, they had
the tall, blue eyed girl bent in two over the guard rail at the
front of the bus. Her short skirt was ripped off, the butt blug
jerked from her ass and replaced by a large, black cock.
Jennifer, her face obscured by a wave of long black hair, would
have been screeching in pain except for the equally large black
cock sliding in and out of her throat. As it was, the teenager
could do nothing except jerk back and forth between the two gang
members as they sawed their cocks in and out of her unwilling
body.

Marcie, on the other hand, was lying on her back on the aisle
floor, her legs wrapped around a gang member's ass and was
fucking him for all she was worth. She hadn't been quite so
"enthusiastic" at the beginning, but the man had been very
persuasive, and she was now humping back at him like a proper
little fuck bunny.

In the end, the gang was satisfied with the deal, and their two
new playtoys were dragged off the bus to begin their new lives as
gang sluts.

Larry nodded at Bubba and the bus began to move again...

**

The bus pulled into an alley and rolled to a stop. The door swung
open and Marty entered, followed closely by Walt. "'bout time,
spook," the director growled around an unlit cigar, "We've
been waiten' forever. Some neighbourhood you got here. Thought 
you'd forgot the deal."

Lary frowned. "Listen..."

"Let it be," Lucy told him wearily. "I's tired a you two
fightin'. Let's just get this over with."

The coach nodded. "Do you know who y'wants?"

Marty grinned. "Oh yeah. I know who I want..."

Regina watched with a growing sense of horror as the balding
director walked over to where she sat, fastened to the bus seat.
Grinning, he knelt down and took her chin in his hand. "You're
commin' with me, kid," he told her. "Gonna make you a star. Got a
whole series planned around you. It's gonna be called 'Tomboy'.
All 'bout a teenage bulldyke who fucks all her friends at school.
With your talent, it'll be massive; make me a fortune! You'll 
love it... and if not there's always Rover, that nice doggie you 
liked so much."

The teenager fought back the tears as one of Larry's helpers
undid her handcuff. The prospect of being a porn star in a series
of lesbian flicks... no boyfriends... no life... she'd never be
with a man ever! Regina began to cry as Walt, grabbed her wrist
and dragged her off the bus.

Marty watched her go and then turned back to the other girls. "Of
course," he grinned, "she'll need a costar... some pretty little
thing to be the 'Tomboy's' girl slave... her little helper... He
turned his attention to Whitney. "I think you'll do nicely."

"Noooooo!!!" The blonde girl let out a loud scream, but it was
all in vain. She was quickly unfastened from her seat and dragged
out to join her screen 'lover' to be in the back of Marty's van.
The director grinned. Those two girls really hated each other.
It'd be huge... fuckin' huge... And then the nice doggie would 
add to their reps. Yea that was a great phone call from Lucy. 

Now, just one more thing...

"Spook," he said, "Do you have any extra? I mean I've got this 
friend who runs a... well, sorta ranch upstate. He trains 
ponygirls for rich men. He lets me do some filmin' up there if I 
help keep him in supply. Whaddya say? I'll get you some of the 
outtakes."

Larry started to shake his head - he wasn't givin' this asshole
anything he didn't have to - but Lucy leaned forward and
whispered in his ear. The basketball coach looked surprised, and
then smiled. "She says the mother fucking rancher be black. Is
that so?"

The director nodded. "Yea... he's got a way with pony girls, and 
his stallion, is also black, and likes white pussy too."

Grinning, Larry walked forward and leaned down in front of
Kathryn. The tall brunette cringed back in her seat as he began
to speak: "Honey, how'd y'like to spend the next few years bein'
pulling a cart as a pony girl on a ranch? Lot's of fresh air...  
horse dicks to suck. Why I bet the guy who runs the place...
he'd fix y'up with all kinds a' leather shits, harnass, tack,
helmet... then he'd stick a tail up yo' white ass. Then when you 
be adjusted to pulling in canter you be running races. After a 
few years, he might sell you off... or maybe just breed you with 
some studs... or if you real bad you be doing the dirty with a 
pig..."

Kathryn's eyes grew wider and more frightened with every word.
She'd never imagined anything like...

"Oh," Larry went on, "did I mention he be black?"

"Nooooo!" Kathryn found her voice, letting out a wail of fear.

"Yeah," Larry laughed, straightening up, "you're gonna be a pony
slave to a brother." The coach turned back to Marty. "Take
the bitch, but I want those videos to 'member her by. Bet she 
look good in that leather shit," he said.

Marty didn't waste any time. In a few minutes, his van was
driving away down the alley, carrying two future porn stars and a
future pony girl.

**

Larry turned to Lucy. "The rest are yours," he said.

The black woman smiled and surveyed her new girls: 

Terry, the tall blonde, stared back, eyes wide in fear, but still
rubbing her crotch through her short skirt.  She dragged the girl up by her wavy, blonde hair
and pulled her to the front of the bus. With a shove, she pushed
the girl out onto the pavement, where a couple of her girls
waited. "Get the bitch dudded out like a 'hore. She be working 
tonight! No need to waste time... she take to it natural. With
her pasty white looks and hungry pussy, it'll be months fore
she's be a ordinary fuck." The whores laughed, grabbing the
frightened blonde girl by the hair and ripping her uniform off.

Lucy turned back and looked at Sandra. The big titted redhead
sat, frozen in fear as she watched her friend being stripped by
the black whore outside the bus. "You too," Lucy said, "I'll..."

The black woman stopped talking. Her gaze lit on Melanie and then
drifted towards the back of the bus where Frank and Tiny sat. The
bookie was counting his money, but his bodyguard had a woman on
his lap. He'd ripped open her blouse and, using her tits as
handles, was forcing the poor woman to fuck herself up and down
on his cock. A calculating look came over her as she unfastened
the auburn haired teenager from the seat and dragged her to the
back of the bus.

"You'll related?" she asked, pushing Melanie towards the woman on
Tiny's lap.

"Y-yes," the teenager sniffled. "M-my mother..."

"Ahh..." Lucy looked at the woman. "You like fuckin' that there
black mother fucker there? Or you be wanting to come with me?"

"Oh, no..." the woman moaned, tossing her head. "P-please... get
me outta here... I have money..."

"Tells you what," Lucy said. "You does what I says, I'll takes 
you wit me. Then I makes sure you and your daughter stays 
together. You be a team."

"Hey..." Tiny stopped bouncing the woman on his dick and looked
around from behind her. "What you say? The bitch be mine. I found
her. Now she just be a natural stension of my johnson..."

"Shut up fool... I be talking to the bitch!" She looked at Alice.
"All you gots to do," Lucy said, "is kiss this here bitch. Got
it?" The two women, mother and daughter looked doubtful. Then
Tiny shifted slightly, driving his monster cock even further into
her abused asshole. Moaning, Alice grabbed her daughter and
pulled her in for a motherly kiss.
 
Lucy leaned forward as their lips met. "Thas nice, now..."
she encouraged. "Longer... more tongue..." The black woman
watched closely as the mother and daughter kissed... and
kissed... and kissed... "Rub them titties like you loves her or 
black mama spank yours."

Tiny was sent over the edge and came in the woman's ass, groaning
as he spurted hot cum into her asshole. Alice moaned slightly,
but kept kissing her daughter. Anything to get away from...

"Thas fine," Lucy said, pulling them apart. "You're hired." She
grabbed each woman by the hair and dragged them down to the front
of the bus. 

"Hey... bitch be mine. What I going to cover my dick wit now..." 
Tiny argued.

"Jus you wait," Lucy called back at the bodyguard. "You'll get
yours." She pulled the two women off the bus and pushed them
towards the other whores. "Take these two to Mark," she ordered.
"Tell him they're for the party/club circut... a mother and
daughter team. Tell him to start the dildo trainin' right away."
The black woman turned to Alice and Melanie. "I said you'll be
together and you will. With yo looks and Mark's trainin', you'll
be famous: the best mother/daughter fuck team ever. You'll be
fuckin' each other from one end of the city to the other... make
me a fortune." The two women began to wail, but they were quickly
led away to begin their new lives as performers.

Lucy walked back onto the bus and up to Sandra. "Lissen girl,"
she said, "Y'wanna end up like yo friend?"

The redhaired teenager looked through the dirty bus window to
where Terry was being dressed up in typical whore fashion: black
vinyl miniskirt, rid pumps, pink halter top... She shook her
head. No... she didn't want to end up like that. No way.

"Maybe you want's to be cover on this here boys johnson." Lucy 
said, indicating Tinys slimy flacid black dick. "Then you better
be nice to your new boyfriend," Lucy told her, pulling the girl
from her seat and pushing her towards the back of the bus to
where Tiny sat. The bodyguards dick, glistening with spent cum,
drooped on his lap. Sandra swallowed uneasily, but then walked
forward. Anything was better than being turned into a whore.

Tiny grinned and gestured at his crotch. Without a word, the girl
dropped to her knees and lowered her mouth towards the slimy
organ. Tiny put a hand on her head to stop her. "Tell me,
girlfriend," he grinned. "Does you love me? Does you wanna suck 
my long black cock?"

"Y-yes..." the girl stammered. "I... I love you Tiny. Please let
me s-suck your... your cock." The bodyguard released her head and
let her take his cock in her warm, wet mouth. 

Lucy nodded and then turned away. 

The fat black woman walked up to where Shanda sat, cowering in
her seat. "How's my little pussy girl?" The blonde girl said
nothing as her black mistress pulled a collar out of a purse and
fastened it around her neck. Then she attached a metal chain and
led the girl off the bus and into her new life as Lucy's pussy
slave.

"Bye Larrr," Lucy said as she walked off the bus, "been a
pleasure."

"What about me?" It was Frank. He'd finished counting and was
walking towards the front of the bus. "I thought I was gettin'
the coach. What happened to her?"

Larry shrugged uneasily. "I dunno. If she..."

"Hey Larry," Bubba called out from the drivers seat. "I know's
where she be at. We can go get's her now if'n you wants."

Larry turned, surprised. "You sure?"

The fat man nodded.

"OK," he said, "let's go does it."

**

Synthia woke up with a cock sawing in her dry hole.

"AGGEGEGEEEEGGGGGGGGGG..." She tried to scream but the dirty
socks in her mouth muted her attempts at vocal communication.

She was on some dirty mat, all spread out while skinny black kid
was fucking her hole like there was a cutoff time and he was
going to get in so many hundred strokes.

She shifted and looked up at her fucker...

His eyes were red. His pupils were dilated with the meth he shot 
up with.  His black ass was moving like the piston in a car... 
in... out... in... out...

Earfucker had arrived. He had coked up his dick, bandages and all
so he could go the distance. He shot up the meth. He was good 
for... bout a week way he figured it. 

Nobody knew he had the bitch. Nobody due back here for a week. No
Larry to grab him off... no wolf to bite his ass... and bitch 
better not think bout biting him when he tire of her pussy.... 
maybe tomorrow... or next day. He set for now. Coke keep him 
hard till then and he scored nuff for his fucking week... 

Maybe bitch going to be drowning in his cum by then......

CREEEEKKKKKKKKKK

"What that? Better not be no wolf.. he kill that fucker. Bitch be
his... He be going..." 

"See Mr Larry... Here they be, just like I say... Nasty fuck 
be stealing your pussy. See?" Bubba went on with glee. He had
been right. He helped. He was elated. Maybe they let him fuck...
Nah...  Dimona catch wind of that she cut off his balls. She a
mean bitch when she mad. Just go home and fuck her. She was
his...

Larry and Frank grabbed the earfucker's arms and dragged him off
'his bitch'. He fought to resume his mount.

"Mister Larry, Mister Frank... Bitch be mine... I gots her. I 
helped. I kept her from going to the cops. I all set up... don't 
be taking her from me..." the earfucker cried. He stood between
the two large black men like a child crying over his toy, except
for that small bandaged stiff black dick.

"Boy be right, Frank," Lary stated.

Synthia finally succeeded in spitting out the socks. "No! Don't
let that little fucker at me. I'll do anything... His fuck stick
don't seem to ever go down. He'll ruin me. Take me away. I'll do
anything for you.......Please don't let him in my cunt." 

"Yea, the boy did help," Frank agreed, ignoring Synthia's
protest. "She might of got away... sneaking out when we was busy.
What say we leave these love birds here for the night? By then,
the boy probably fucked his self to death or something." 


"No... he'll ruin me. I'll never go back to shape. He'll tear out
my pussy with those bandages." 

"Boy... I give you the night, but don't you be messing with her
ass hole. That be mine. I find you licorice stick in there I cuts
it off. You hear me BOY?" 

"Yes sir, Mr Frank... Yes Sir... Yes..." the earfucker called
over his shoulder as he resumed his mount.

"NO!! No... Please...co-come.. baaack... hel... HELP MEEEE..."
Synthia tried to cry out.

"You sure is generous, Frank. How's 'bout giving me my cut of the
side bets, now?" Lary asked.

"Oh yea... well, I didn't really make that much you know and I 
gots spenses... How bout I gives you'll $1000 for now and then 
come next Tuesday we settles up for real?" Frank offered.

"Don't be shitting me Frank, bout no spenses. I wants an honest 
count. The sports program be needing that money." Larry said.

"Here go... Next Tuesday..." Frank said walking away. 



**

Lary walked back to the darkened gym and heard a scuffle going 
on.

"What be that" He called out, grabbing a baseball bat to arm 
himself. He found the switch and flooded the auditorium with 
light. There he found three black youths stripping Tom's suit
from his struggling gagged body.

"What the fuck you doing?" Larry asked.

"Man got a $1000 set of threads man. I wants it."

"I gets the shoes. Maybe real snake skin."

"I gets the wallet. Must be $100s in there."

"Now what you going do with this white fucker after?? Leave him 
here?? Not hardly. Take him out to the white bus. There be 
'nother naked white boy there. You takes um to that bar in 
the queer district. I done told un they gets the one, but they's 
not be too unhappy with the extra," Larry ordered.

"Aw coach... we got's dates."

"Don't be shitting me. Ugly fuckers like you can't get no girls 
and Lucys whores open all night. Now get to it and take that bus 
to Earnie's. He be happy for the scrap. Now get to it. Jump when
I says so."

Larry watched as the bus rolled out of sight. By morning, it
would be scrap, destroying all evidence of the night's
activities.

Whistling, the basketball coach turned and began walking towards
his apartment. He was looking forward to school the next day, and
the celebrations that would follow his team's great victory.

Of course, he reminded himself, he musn't get too full of
himself. It's not whether you win or lose... but how you plays 
the game.  

Whistling, he walked on...

                              -------   THE END--------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





