BDSM Library - An African Prison




An African Prison
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A white english woman, ends up in an african prison, where she is raped by all.
An African Prison.

John drove slowly along the windy road, they were lost and Mary couldn't make
any sense of the map.   They had spent the afternoon at a garage sale on a farm
and their boot was full of farmyard junk which included a couple of pangas which
are large African knives used for clearing the bush and would easily separate a
mans head from his torso and an old revolver which John intended to clean up and
use as a wall display.

They had really enjoyed the afternoon, having had a drink at the small village
not far from the farm where they met a few of the locals.  The talk in the pub
was about the prison some miles away that was now being used to incarcerate the
worst of South Africa's sex offenders.  Stories flowed about the deeds of the
inmates and how the women and children felt threatened from a possible breakout.

John turned to Mary  "It would be our luck to run into escaped cons now".  Mary
laughed and studied the map with a frown.  She squeezed her thighs together and
blushed as she thought about the consequences of John's remark. One of Mary's
wild fantasies, one that she had shared with no one was to be raped to death by
an angry crowd of black men.

Mary looked up and stretched as they rounded a bend.  Ahead of them was the
prison, John slowed to a crawl and peered at he foreboding place.  "Shit! You
really screwed up this time, you couldn't find your way out of a paper bag". 
"Next time you can figure it out yourself " pouted Mary.  They turned into a
small dirt road that ran down the side of the prison wall with the intentions of
turning around so they could head back the way they had come.  The road was too
narrow for any attempt at a three-point turn so John drove slowly onwards. 
Headlights appeared in John's rear view mirror.  "Shit, it's getting worse,
looks like we've got company," mused John.

The other vehicle, a prison van was on them within seconds.  The van blew its
horn, flashed its lights and stopped.  Two burley guards emerged and approached
John's side of the car and with hand motions indicated that they wanted him to
open his window.  John opened the window with a reluctant resignation.  "What
are you doing here?" commanded the one guard in a guttural African tone.  "We're
lost," replied John.  The two guards looked at each other and laughed,  "Nobody
gets lost out here.  We need to check your car, please open the boot." 

John opened his door, got out and went to the back to open the boot, Mary stayed
where she was.  The boot lid opened, there staring them all in the face was the
revolver, pangas and many other items, which could be used for a jail, break.
The guards looked at John and before he had time to speak, had dragged him over
to the bonnet of the car, pushed him down so that his face was pressed against
the warm metal and none to gently frisked him.  Mary watched awestruck.  After
the brief frisking they grabbed him by the hair, pulled him upright and marched
him the to the back of the van parked behind them. 

After depositing John in the back of the van the guards returned for Mary.  Mary
looked straight ahead as the guard tried the door handle.  The door opened, "GET
OUT GET OUT" screamed the guard; Mary complied, stumbling in her haste.  The two
guards stared at her cleavage as she stood by the car door.  After a pregnant
pause they grabbed her arms and marched her to the back of the van.  One of the
guards helped her in the van by placing a large hand on her buttocks, lifted and
squeezed.  Mary sat down opposite John and looked out at the two guards who were
talking to each other in their African tongue, the one guard made a couple of
pelvic thrusts and they both laughed.  Mary felt flushed and shivered.  John saw
this and mistook her reaction for fear; he leaned across and took Mary's hands
in his. "Don't worry well be out of here, as soon as I have explained what has
happened."  John certainly wasn't convinced by what he had said and less so
Mary.  Mary looked passed John, refusing to make eye contact as they rattled
along towards the inner sanctum of the prison; her behavior was guilt rather
than any ill feeling towards John. Again he misunderstood.

Mary and John braced themselves as the van came to a rapid halt.  There was a
silence followed by a door opening at a side entrance to one of the offices,
light spilt out and a further six guards followed, one with his shirt hanging
open his huge black barrel chest gleaming with sweat in the twilight.  The
guards started a loud and excited conversation the one guard waving John's
revolver about.  After a short deliberation one of the guards came over and
opened the van door gesturing them both to get out.

They entered the building through the same door that the guards had come out of
and were marched down long bleak corridors; finally they were ushered into a
room that had nothing other than a large and sturdy wooden table, the walls were
a depressing gray.  Four guards waited in the room with them not a word spoken
by anybody.  Mary was aware of the guards examining her she didn't look at
anybody, staring at one of the corners of the room for fear of revealing her
true feelings. The guards were fascinated with her long blonde hair held up by
hair clips, she wore a light summer dress that was calf length; she didn't have
any stockings on as she found them oppressive in the African heat.  She took
great care of her legs having regular wax jobs.  John had became pretty good at
it and it appeared as if the only hair on her body was the tumbling locks of
blonde hair on her head.      The dress had buttons in the front, which buttoned
to the waste.  The collar was a deep vee which showed just enough cleavage to
raise a mans interest, the dress was extremely feminine and complemented Mary. 

After what seemed an eternity the door opened and six guards entered, all were
huge.  In a fool hardy fashion John blurted out "You have no right to hold us,
we're British citizens and if ...", with two big strides the biggest of the
guards approached John and with an effortless backhand sent John crashing to the
ground.  The guard grabbed John by the ear and pulled him to his feet. "You have
just made the biggest mistake of your life, you will be lucky to get out of here
alive. Trying to supply weapons to prisoners. You don't run this country any
more. YOU LITTLE CUNT".  Tears welled in John's eyes and he stammered "I
didn....", a second backhand left him in mid sentence, tumbling to the floor. 
Mary looked on horrified, her hands over her face. "It was all my fault he had
nothing to do with this, please don't hurt him anymore." She pleaded.  The guard
turned to her, "So you are the one.  You will regret this".  The guard sauntered
over to Mary, towering over her.  She hadn't seen anybody that big he was
daunting, frightening.  He told Mary to turn around and with hands that almost
circled her waist drove her to the wall.  "Put your hand against the wall. 
HIGHER", He adjusted their position and then kicked the inside of her feet
forcing her to spread her legs.  The big hands went up to her armpits and slowly
moved down to her thighs, savouring her good figure, they then encircled her,
cupping her breasts, squeezing.   Fingers worked their way inside the vee neck
of her dress inside the bra cup of her right breast and flicked over her still
soft nipple, a moan escaped from her lips.  The realization of Mary's true
feelings finally dawned on John, his fear for her subsided and he felt a
stirring in his loins.

Another moan escaped her lips as the fingers withdrew from her dress; both hands
grabbed the front of the dress and pulled apart, sending buttons flying
everywhere.  With amazing strength the hands snapped the material holding the
bra-cups. The dress now hung open to the waist.  The fingers went back to her
nipples, twisting, tweaking, and pulling.  Electric pulses shot through her
body, the attention to her nipples hurt yet it felt so good and they became
painfully erect. The right hand left her breast and dropped to the hem of the
dress slipping inside and slowly slid up the smooth inside of her calf and then
thigh, until it reached the junction of her thighs.  The index finger started to
rub the join with long slow strokes.  The fingers stopped and moved again
working there way into the knickers.  The fingers now started to stroke her
pussy lips, moving forward to the clit where it vigorously worked the rapidly
hardening bud.  A shiver went through Mary, it was intense and she wanted it to
stop; yet she hoped it wouldn't.  The fingers stopped slid back and worked their
way through the parting lips into her extremely wet vagina.  A second finger
joined the first and a rubbing motion started to work her G spot.  This was too
much for Mary and a long low moan escaped her lips.

The guard withdrew his hand from under Mary's dress and held up the two wet
fingers for his colleges to see, they looked on with lust filled eyes. The big
man grabbed Mary's hair and pulled her head back.  Thick lips went to within
inches of her ear and in a whisper said.  "In nine months you will have a baby,
the problem will be that the father could be one of hundreds of men.  One thing
is for sure though.  The fucker will be black", with that he pulled her away
from the wall and propelled her towards the table.  Forcing her forward she
ended up laying face down on the table, her feet firmly planted on the floor,
she stretched her arms up, grabbing the edge of the table above her head.  Big
black hands grabbed the hem of her dress and flicked it up, the hem landing on
her shoulders, her knickers and lower back exposed, her knickers were pulled
down to her feet, her sandals removed with the knickers.  Her legs were spread,
yet still firmly planted on the ground. Fingers spread her arse cheeks as far as
they would go, exposing her anus and spreading her pussy lips.  The same fingers
let go and moved to her pussy, working two and then three fingers into her,
finger fucking her vigorously.

The man removed his fingers, wiped them on the knickers that lay on the floor
and proceeded to unbuckle his pants, the pants dropped revealing a rampant
erection.  The bulbous cock head was placed at her opening and pressure applied. 
She opened up taking the head and then the shaft.  Mary felt stretched in all
directions, yet the cock was still not in.  The cock was pulled out and thrust
back in.  This was repeated three times before he was in to the hilt.  Mary let
out a prolonged and loud groan, and then started to giggle as she thought about
a porn movie she had seen where the women seemed to continuously groan.   The
giggling seemed to incite the man who began to pile drive her, taking her breath
away, pins and needles shot through her and she could feel herself building to a
crescendo.  Before she was released by an orgasm, she felt him stiffen, the cock
pulsed and semen gushed into her.   The man withdrew his softening penis, cum
followed which dribbled to the floor.  The next man took his place; he grabbed
Mary's hair and using it like reins began to ride her. The room reverberated to
the sound of wet flesh slapping against each other as Mary's own wetness and the
cum already spilled worked its way to her upper thighs.  Mary still hadn't
peaked by the time the man came, pumping deep inside her.  It was the fifth man
who finally drove her over the top, a place where very few woman reach, she felt
numb and a strange relaxation came over her, she lay in this state as the sixth
and seventh men fucked her.  By the eight man she began to build up again, each
stroke now began to sound like a suction pump due to the amount of cum and her
own wetness, this gave Mary new sensations, again a massive shiver went through
her body. By the time the tenth man shuddered through his ejaculation Mary
hadn't reached her second peak.

Mary lay faced down panting, her face flushed her legs felt weak and a warmth
encompassed her body.  She thought about John, she had betrayed him; she was a
slut, a whore.  A great sadness came over her and tears began to well in her
eyes.  The senior guard beckoned to John that it was his turn; John approached
and dropped his pants, grabbing her arse cheeks he spread them wide, a finger
worked some of the cum around the anus and then started to work it's way in. 
Mary's eyes shot open, this was something that she had never bargained on, the
idea repulsed her yet curiosity drove her on, she turned her head to see who it
was, relief as well as disappointment came over her, John was no better than
she.  John worked his cock into her, she was extremely tight and if it wasn't
for his all consuming erection he wouldn't have been able to do it, yet with
steady pressure and the lubrication of all the cum, his cock gradually sank in. 
It hurt Mary at first, yet the pain was good and it wasn't long before she was
groaning lustfully to the new sensations.  John came, injecting his semen into
her bowel.

One of the guards grabbed Mary's hair and pulled her upright the hem of her
dress fell back into place and cum gushed out of her, she glanced down at the
large pool of cum on the floor, using the inside of the dress she wiped her
thighs and pussy, and carefully stepped away from the pool.  They stood and
waited until a prison smock was brought, it was given to John, and he silently
stripped and put the smock on. Mary stood and watched clasping the front of her
dress together, her broken bra hanging from her shoulders.  Finally the
entourage left, walking down corridors, going through numerous iron gates,
nobody seemed to be around.
 
 They arrived at a closed door, the door was opened and they entered one by one,
Mary was the last to enter.  It was a large dining room, seated at bench like
tables were approximately a hundred men.  The clink of cutlery stopped and they
all looked up, every eye focused on Mary, most of them hadn't seen a woman in
years, all were here because of their sexual perversions and scant regard for
women.  The first guard who had raped her took her by the arm and led her to the
center of the room, he left her there and walked back to his colleagues and
John, Mary watched him retrace his steps, hands grabbed the bottom of her dress
and yanked down, the dress landed in a pool at her feet, the broken bra was
dragged off her by another pair of hands, she stood naked in front of all of
these men.  Lustful groans resounded from different parts of the room as they
drank up her naked beauty.  Mary felt frightened, apprehensive, excited, she
knew that she was heading into unknown territory, would she survive, would she
ever be the same again if she did, she knew that it was the moment that counted,
her loins stirred, natural lubricants working up, her nipples shot out,
painfully erect.   The table to the left of her was cleared with metal plates,
cups and cutlery crashing to the floor. She was lifted and placed on the table
face up, her arse at the edge. Her legs were pulled wide her pussy lips opened,
glistening in the canteen light inviting all to fuck it, abuse it.

Two heads latched to each breast sucking and chewing, a cock entered her
forcefully and began to piston in and out, coming after a few strokes.  The next
cock took its place, years of not having experienced a woman brought each man
quickly to a powerful orgasm.  The men latched to her tits were pulled off to
let others have a go, the mouths like suction pumps almost lifted her from the
table before parting from the nipple, coning the breasts.  Hands were everywhere
feeling, pinching, probing.  There were fingers buried in her arse as cocks
fucked her pussy.  The sensations were to much for Mary. Orgasm after orgasm
ripped through her body leaving her breathless and worn out. 

Her pussy became cavernous filled with cum, due to the looseness men were taking
longer to cum some men lasting for all of thirty seconds.  Finally she was
turned over, so that she was face down, this gave respite to her breasts which
ached from all the attention, it also gave a new sensation to her pussy.  The
orgasms continued, increasing in intensity.  Finally she passed out unable to
cope with the immense feeling that her body was been subjected to. Some thirty
men fucked her whilst she was in a comatose state. She finally came around and
it wasn't long before another orgasm spasmed through her body.  The men finally
moved from her pussy, as it was too loose and started to use her arse, the men
who were a lot bigger than John brought a new sensation of pain and ecstasy to
Mary.

Finally the ordeal ended, each man having had a go.  Mary lay on her back sated
in a pool of cum; her legs splayed wide, her pussy gaping, her breasts bruised,
her nipples protruded obscenely, her clit, swollen red and rigid. She looked up
at the ceiling her mind blank, exhausted.  She heard the bark of guards, hands
grabbed her arms and pulled her from the table, she was dragged out of the
canteen her legs dangled behind her refusing to work, she didn't care, she was
to exhausted to care. She passed out from exhaustion before she reached her
destination.

Mary woke and looked about her, the late afternoon sun streamed through bars on
a window.  She was in a cell naked, the heavy iron door closed; she felt down
between her legs, she was caked with dry cum. Her clit and nipples were no
longer distended, her pussy bruised.  She sighed, curled up and went back to
sleep.  A couple of hours later she awoke with a large black hand gently shaking
her shoulder, she looked up into a guards face, he beckoned her to follow him,
she stiffly got off the bed and followed the guard with a stiff gait.  They
arrived at an ablution area, the place was full of convicts, busy washing the
dust and grime from there bodies which they had collected from a hard days work
with hammers, picks and shovels.  Mary was ushered to a shower, the hot water
hitting her body, The shower felt really good and she started to wash the dried
cum from her body.  After she had cleaned herself she stood enjoying the feel of
the hot water beating down on her shoulders and back, she looked around her, the
men stood in the showers looking at her lustfully, all were lean and well built,
the hard labour having paid dividends, all supported huge erections.  The myth
about the size of blacks penis seemed to bare fruit here.  One of the prisoners
could hold back no longer and approached Mary grabbing one of her breasts. The
guards quickly brought him to his knees with a savage whipping, before dragging
him from the room.  Mary felt safe, she reveled in the power of her sexuality
and began to provocatively wash herself many of the men couldn't contain
themselves, wads of cum splattered on the floor as they ejaculated prematurely.  

After she had showered she was given a prison smock and told to put it on, she
was escorted to the same canteen where the day before more than a hundred men
had ravaged her, surely they weren't going to put her through that ordeal again,
not soon, she was still hurting from the last ordeal. It wasn't to be; she was
escorted to a table on her own where a meal of rump steak and salads awaited
her, this was not the usual fair, the cooks had prepared the meal especially for
her.

After her meal she was taken back to her cell, which now had a small table with
a mirror, some books and a variety of cosmetics. They obviously wanted her to
look good, and she intended to oblige.  She lay down on her bunk and began to
read, it wasn't long before she was in a deep sleep, the book resting on her
chest.  The following morning she awoke, and after a ritual of a shower and
breakfast she was allowed into the prison gardens where she would idle her time
away reading. She was now kept away from all the prisoners, eating and showering
at different times.  Her body recovered completely from the assault on the first
day. Each day new magazines and books would arrive in her cell, the literature
became heavier as the days went by stories depicting women being tortured and
raped.  Mary was at first repulsed by it, however she gradually became
infatuated.  During the day she would secretly curse the authorities for not
throwing her to the inmates, at nights she would masturbate, fantasizing about
torture and gang rape, she imagined she was a prisoner of a savage marauding
army, fucking her to death, cutting off her breasts and eating them in front of
her.

As time progressed Mary became more and more abusive towards everybody she saw,
in an attempt to provoke an assault on her.  The guards would simply smile and
push her gently away.  She became frustrated, the chief warden monitored her,
watching at a distance, out of Mary's sight.

One-morning two guards approached Mary in the garden, and by taking her arms
escorted her into the main exercise yard.  The entire prison was assembled;
there were about five hundred inmates, and fifty guards.  She saw John amongst
them; he was the only white face amongst all the blacks.        There were two
poles stuck in the ground, they were approximately six feet apart and eight feet
high.  The prisoner who had grabbed Mary's tit that morning in the shower was
brought out and stripped naked, his sweaty skin glistened in the sun, his
massive cock hung pendulously between his legs. His hands were tied to straps
connected to the top of the poles so that he stood in a "Y" position.  The chief
guard came out, with a whip in his hand, the whip unfurled and flashed out
catching the prisoner on the back,  the prisoner yelled in surprise and agony, 
The whip recoiled and snaked out again cutting the skin. Soon the prisoner hung
senselessly in his bonds his back a bloody mess, Mary watched mesmerized.
Eventually the lifeless body was cut down and two of the guards dragged it off
to the infirmary.  The warning was out to all inmates, "Don't mess with the
authorities". 

Mary froze with fear and then for the first time struggled as if her life
depended upon it as they dragged her kicking screaming and begging towards the
two poles.  They fastened her hands and her feet so that she was held in an "X"
position. Her clothes were cut from her body leaving her naked to the eyes of
the 500 plus men.  Mary was sobbing as the whip master walked out in front of
her.  She watched as the whip snaked back and then rushed towards her.  She
screwed her eyes tight as the whip cracked in front of her.  The fear had caused
her body to be covered in a sheen of sweat.  The whip went back and then rushed
in again, this time exploding inches from her right nipple, again the recoil and
like an adder struck forward, this time the tip was so close her nipple moved
from the shock wave.  The fear, combined with the anticipation caused her
nipples to stiffen and protrude.  The whip moved from nipple to nipple inching
ever closer, Mary's fear was replaced by an air of anticipation, followed by a
yearning for a kiss from the whip, her wish was granted, the tip catching the
stiff nipple causing the breast to bounce wildly.  The whip continued to move
from breast to breast. The whipping action changed the whip now being driven
under hand so that the tip snaked up just before it cracked, the first strike
was inches from the vee of her legs, the second went between the parted lips of
her pussy, striking her clit.  Her clit like her nipples shot to erection,
begging to be struck again.  The whipping stopped, a groan of disappointment
escaped her lips.  They untied her, and held her spread eagled on the dirt
exercise yard.  A guard approached holding a jar, in the jar bees buzzed angrily
about.  He carefully put his hand in and extracted a bee by its wings.  The bees
abdomen thrust frantically trying to find its attacker, with a sadistic smile he
brought the bee down to her nipple, Mary looked down and saw the sting lance its
way into her nipple the abdomen pumping its venom into her, the pain seared into
her and her nipple immediately began to swell.  A second bee was brought to her
other nipple.  Mary dropped her head to the ground panting,  her body was
covered in sweat.  Her eyes flew wide open when she felt fingers pulling back
the hood of her clit, exposing the little bud.  A loud moan escaped her lips as
the sting struck her clit.    

The chief guard issued a command and a cheer went up from the 500 inmates, it
wasn't long before a thong of inmates surrounded Mary.  The first one climbed on
her and stretched her vagina with a single thrust, the weight of his body on her
breasts with their swollen nipples, and the pounding on her enlarged clit
brought sensations to Mary that she never would have conceived, she orgasmed.  
He pumped his seed into her, and was immediately replaced by another, after each
inmate had fucked her, they were ushered off to their cells, and thus the
numbers slowly began to dwindle. It wasn't long before Mary was lying in a muddy
bath of semen that had flowed from her cunt.  Inmates became impatient, and Mary
was flipped so she straddled a man who was in her cunt, a cock entered her arse,
with her breasts now exposed her nipples were pinched and pulled.  The
sensations and orgasms were more than Mary could cope with and she passed out
only to come around gain after many had used her.  The periods where she lost
consciousness would grow. After the first 100 had fucked her, they started to
stuff her cunt with 2 cocks, as her cunt grew so did the muddy pool of cum. 
Mary would come around to a blinding orgasm and would immediately pass out
again, her body would shiver and convulse whilst she was out, as if in orgasm.
By the time that there were only a hundred men left, most thought that they were
fucking a corpse, as the lifeless body was tossed from inmate to inmate, yet the
heart was still beating in the still body. Finally the ordeal was over, Mary was
left for dead unconscious in the mud, her cunt and arse gaping holes. 

Mary was unaware that she had been dragged off to the morgue, only to be
discovered that she was still alive, they had cleaned her and put her in bed. 
Finally she came around, her eyes opened, she wasn't sure how long she had been
lying there. She had an instant recollection of the exercise yard and her hand
went to breasts, her nipples were still swollen and sore, she flushed and began
to orgasm, one hand went to her clit, a gentle stroke of her finger across the
swollen and sensitive bud intensified the orgasm. 

She was left alone to recover, as the days went by so her nipples and clit
returned to normality and the bruising on her breasts and thighs lightened and
finally disappeared.  Her fantasies returned, they were more intense than ever,
she was the sole victim of a marauding army, raped and abused, or the victim of
cannibals, raped and then slowly cooked in a large pot, death always inevitable. 
Her frustrations started to creep back, she needed a really good fucking.

One day four guards came into her cell, they lead her to the kitchen where she
was stripped and laid on one of the metal tables.  A large buxom black woman was
there, it was the first women she had seen since the ordeal began. The women
began to apply hot wax to the light blonde fluff that had started to appear at
the junction of her thighs and armpits, within an hours all the hair on her body
had been removed, other than the long blond locks on her head.  She was marched
to the showers where she was stood under a steaming hot shower and vigorously
scrubbed all over, when she finally emerged from the shower her skin was pink,
Mary felt exhausted.

She was dried off and marched to an office where she had never been to before. 
Here she found a dressing table, mirror, makeup and hair brushes.  On a hangars
was a delicate plain blouse, so fine that when worn one could see a hint of
nipples, a black knee length skirt, beautiful high healed black shoes, and a
dainty pair of knickers.  There was no bra, or stockings.  The door was closed
behind her, not a word was spoken.  Mary sat down at the dressing table and
looked at herself in the mirror and reflected, the ordeal hadn't appeared to
have had any adverse affect on her, in fact it had brought out a sexuality that
hadn't been revealed before, a sexuality which caused men to pick women out from
a crowd.    Mary picked up a hairbrush and began to comb the moister from her
hair.  An hour later she opened the door, she looked quite stunning her hair
held up by combs, her figure complimented by the expense and finely cut clothes. 
The guards smiled their satisfaction. She looked perfect.  This time she was
escorted through several doors and out into a courtyard where a car awaited her,
the back door was opened, she got in and the car set off.

After a short drive they arrived at what must have been a farmhouse, again the
car door was opened and she was ushered into a large room, on one side there was
a table lavished with an assortment of expensive finger foods. Comfortable
chairs and tables were scattered through the room, giving the impression of an
exclusive men's club.  The room was filled with about 50 men all dressed in
dinner suits; there was a mix of blacks and whites.  The thing that struck Mary
was the portliness of the men; in general they lacked the trim bodies that
belonged to the inmates.  The quite murmur in the room fell into silence when
Mary entered.  One man brought a glass of champagne to Mary, she smiled and took
the glass and drank. The champagne went to her head and relaxed her.  The men
returned to their conversations leaving Mary on her own. Periodically one of the
men would look up at her, she was obviously the center of the conversation for
many of the groups. 

A large black man walked over to the table and removed a bottle of champagne
from a chiller bucket, he walked over to Mary, taking the glass from her hand,
and handing it to a man who had approached to watch. Casually he poured the
entire contents of the icy water over the front of her blouse.  The freezing
water took Mary's breath away, the soaked wet material became completely see
through and her nipples which had grown over the past weeks due to all the
suckling pulling and pinching shot out a good half inch, turgid.  The man
unzipped his fly and clumsily pulled out a large semi erect cock, with his
thumbs and index fingers, he took hold of her nipples and pulled her to her
knees. Mary didn't need any encouragement or guidance, she took the semi erect
cock in her mouth, as she worked on his cock with her mouth he worked on her
nipples, tweaking and pulling.  The cock became rigid, sweat formed on his brow
and shudders of pleasure convulsed through his body, Mary used her hands to stop
the man from her choking her, she reveled in the power she had and savoured
every moment, enjoying the rampant aroma; the cock pulsed and warm semen shot
into her mouth, Mary swallowed. The erection diminished, Mary rose to her feet,
another glass of champagne was given to her and she chased the cum down with the
champagne.

A fat white man who was sat in a large comfortable chair, discussing his latest
business scam beckoned for her to come over, Mary shuddered and strolled
gracefully over, the shudder was not one revulsion but lust, she didn't car who
or what abused or used her, she wanted it, she needed it.  She stood next to the
arm of the mans chair and without breaking his conversation his pudgy hand slid
up the inside of her thighs, feeling the knicker clad crotch, he could feel the
dampness seeping through the knickers at the junction of her thighs.  His hand
went up feeling the perfect globes of her arse; he started to work her knickers
down ending up draped around her ankles.

The man stood up, his attention now fully on Mary forcing her over the soft
leather padding of the chairs arm.  He gently lifted her dress to the waist
revealing her buttocks.  His hand came crashing down; the crack reverberated
through the room. The blow took her by surprise and she cried out and stiffened,
other blows followed the first, her arse became a bright red and a new heat, a
new sensation swept through her. Every man in the room had become engrossed in
this escapade and they had formed a semi-circle around her several deep.  Most
of the men were handling their crotches, erections obvious in the larger men.
One large black man advanced on Mary the hiding stopped, he dropped his trousers
revealing a large black knarled cock his large hands reached down grabbing the
bright red arse cheeks pulling them apart to reveal and then open the lips of
her wet pussy. The cocked plunged in going straight to the hilt, the angle of
the man and Mary's position put pressure on her G spot. The man began to
vigorously hump into her, coming with a shudder and a grunt.  The next man
grabbed the tail of Mary's blouse and used it as reins, pulling her back into
him; the material pulled her breasts flat, irritating her hard nipples.  The
buttons strained, finally giving up and popping off yanking her tits apart, his
cum added to the previous mans. The third man plunged in, he to grabbed the
blouse eventually pulling it off her shoulders, he flung the blouse aside and
grabbed her skirt instead, and the skirt was more resilient.  Mary reached an
orgasm as he came, the fourth and fifth men kept Mary riding the crest of her
orgasm.  As the sixth was about to mount her, the leader of the group stropped
the process,  there were raised and angry voices, followed by scuffles as some
men felt that they were being denied there right to fuck her.

Finally all were persuaded that there were better things in store, and Mary was
pulled to her feet by her hair.  The skirt fell back into place and cum ran down
the inside of her thighs. The men looked at her with ugly lustful faces, her
breasts crowned by darkened erect and protruding nipples, her hair now hanging
down her back in golden disarray. She was taken by the each arm and marched
outside, across a yard into a large barn.  She was taken over to what can be
best described as a modified saw horse. The top had a leather-padded bench. The
skirt was stripped from her and she was made to straddle it lying forward, as if
she was riding a motorbike at high speed, her arse and pussy stuck out of the
back. There was a gap in the bench for her breasts to hang down; her ankles were
securely strapped in place, so that her knees were forward.  Automatic milking
machines were attached to each breast, and the suction turned up.  Mary could
feel her nipples expanding and getting drawn down the hollow tube, the sensation
was to much and she reached down to pull them off, all she succeeded in doing
was elongating her tits, she resigned to it when the first cock was viscously
thrust into her, a second cock sought her mouth which took with a passion. Mary
used her hands to stop the man who was face fucking her from choking her, both
men came, Mary swallowed the come before the next two took their place.  After
the seventh pair had fucked her and she was into the eight, she came.  The
orgasm would not subside, each new cock drove her to new heights, she thought
that she was going to die from the intense experience, each time her body was
touched, each time the pump drew on her breasts, each thrust into her vagina,
she was convinced that her heart would explode from the intensity of it all. 
After the fifteenth pair her pussy as a large gaping wet hole, a large puddle of
cum lay on the floor beneath her. The men turned to her arse and a fresh
onslaught began, the pain soon turned to pleasure for Mary. The onslaught
finally ended, Mary lay panting and she felt and looked like she had run a
marathon.  Her ankles were freed and the milk machine was turned off, she slid
off the leather bench and stood on unsteady feet. Gazing down at her breasts her
nipples were bigger than they had ever been, she attentively felt them with her
fingers and another orgasm racked her body. She watched as another contraption
was brought into the barn. This was an extremely sturdy yet fairly narrow table,
the second part consisted of semi-circular shaped device which was covered with
animal skin.  Mary didn't even try and contemplate what they had in mind for her
next.  

Two men approached her, one carrying a bottle of champagne which they offered to
her, she drank greedily from the bottle, airs and graces long forgotten.  They
attached a cord to each nipple. The cords were yanked tightening the noose on
each nipple.  She was taken over to the new contraption and made to kneel.  He
calves and ankles were strapped near the edges of the table, she was made to
lean forward so that she rested on her elbows, the chords hanging from her
nipples were tied to eyes on the table, such that if she tried to lie forward
her nipples would pull.  The second part of the contraption was placed over her
so that she felt as if she was in a tube.

Mary heard scuffling and the braying of a beast, she looked down between her
breasts and splayed legs to see the men battling with a donkey. "No this wasn't
to be, it would surely kill her."  The donkey mounted the contraption with a
clutter of hooves, in fear Mary pulled herself forward, almost ripping her
nipples off, she thrust back to relieve the pressure on her overly abused
nipples to feel the massive cock hit her arse hole, "Not there" she thought and
rolled her arse so that the bludgeon line up with her gaping vagina. The donkey
thrust, pushing her forward stretching her nipples, she thrust back to relieve
the pressure.  The massive cock started to go in, the donkey thrust again, this
time Mary had braced herself, the cock sank in further, reaching its full girth. 
The next thrust was easier and deeper it went. The depth and girth of the
penetration was beyond her comprehension, everything was stretched to the limit.
The humping began and Mary met each thrust with a counter thrust to stop her
nipples being ripped from her body.  Sweat poured from every pore.  Finally the
donkey brayed and shuddered pumping its seed into her.  The cock rapidly shrunk
and fell from her vagina followed by copious volumes of cum.   

The contraption was disassembled and Mary was removed, she was draped in a gown
and taken back to the prison, for the next few days she was left alone to
recover. One bright morning she was awoken early to find clothes on a chair next
to the bed.  She dressed in front of her audience of guards and was escorted
outside.  John was there sitting in the car and without saying a word she got in
and they set off their hearts racing waiting to hear that it was another cruel
hoax.  Finally as the prison disappeared from view they relaxed.  Mary didn't
look at John, what would become of them?  What had become of her?    

The end.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





