BDSM Library - Susan's Secret Life




Susan's Secret Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Here Susan was telling you the other side of her life, the dark side as a shameless slut and a wanton sex addict.
Susan's Secret Life by S. Q. Johnson as told to Poet (Hetero sex, 
Gangbang, S/M, D/s)


Chapter 1

I've never thought about writing a chronicle of my life before, but 
certain recent events have made me realize that I must trying to look 
back at my life to date in order to understand myself. I've lived, 
actually, two different lives simultaneously. In one life, I've been a 
model student and, now, an attorney who is respected both for her legal 
abilities and her sedate, upright existence. In the other, I must 
admit, I've become a shameless slut, a sex addict, fucking everyone I 
can. Until recently, I've been able to keep these two lives separate. 
Even through high school, where I earned straight A's and was the 
captain of the cheerleader squad, only a few people knew about my 
secret life. But my world started unraveling in the late 1980s when I 
took a job at a law firm in Phoenix.

I was just out of law school at the fairly young age of 24. I had 
graduated from college and law school with honors, so I was interviewed 
by one of the top law firms in Phoenix. Riding the elevator up to the 
top floor, I was nervous, worrying that my shyness would overcome my 
sense of how could I was as a future lawyer, and so I barely noticed 
when the handsome young man got on the elevator on the third floor. But 
soon I became all to aware of him. We were alone in the elevator but 
instead of giving me room, he stood directly behind me. As we rode 
higher and higher, he came closer and closer until he was pushed softly 
against me from behind. I was scared so I stepped to the other side of 
the elevator and tried to give him a scowl to show him I wasn't 
interested. I looked directly at him and frowned, but he just broke 
into a wide, handsome grin and winked at me. I felt that he could see 
right through me. Right into my secret life, that is. He was younger, 
maybe eighteen or nineteen, and extremely handsome. His knit shirt 
showed off his hard muscles, and I started to go weak in the knees 
right then and there. I looked down quickly to hide my embarrassment 
and beginning lust.

"I can't think about that now. I can't think about that now," I kept 
telling myself as I felt a flush of lust rise in my chest and my breath 
came in shallower sips. I could even feel myself getting wet. That's my 
problem. I love sex and have a hard time not thinking about it.

The young man started to come toward me again and I started backing 
away until I ran into the wall of the elevator. Luckily for me we had 
just reached the top floor and the doors opened. I looked up. The young 
man looked me in the eyes and licked his lips then turned and walked 
out.

I was hot and flustered. How was I going to manage to get through an 
interview in this state? I wanted to find a bathroom and clean myself 
up. I wanted to be alone for a few minutes to get a grip on my runaway 
emotions.

I'm told I'm attractive. In fact most people describe me as a beautiful 
blond with a body that attracts men like flies even though my breasts 
are not overly large. But I am incredibly shy of my body and rarely try 
to attract any attention. I dress in smart, tailored business suits. 
Smart enough to instill confidence in my colleagues and my clients, but 
sedate enough not to attract unwanted attention. At the same time I am 
constantly thinking about sex and imagining what it would be like to be 
fucked by almost every man I know. Even when waiting for a plane or 
bus, I will mentally undress the men around me and imagine what it 
would be like fucking them. I continually imagine throwing caution to 
the wind and becoming a slut who fucks and sucks without a second 
thought. My problem, of course, is that I not only have second 
thoughts, but thirds and fourths. This was even after I was introduced 
to wanton sex by Bob, my lover.

Bob was the young man in the elevator. He is 21 years old and works at 
our firm doing odd jobs, delivering papers, photocopying, mail-boy, 
etc. He's strong and good looking. I think he must work out to have 
such a build. His stomach is rock hard and his muscles bulge, making me 
almost cream myself each time I see him. He is, by the way, not at all 
hard to mentally undress since he wears such tight shirts and jeans 
almost all the time. He is a brunette with flashing green eyes. God! 
Just thinking about him makes me want to . . . But enough of that.

I constantly noticed Bob watching me during my first few weeks at work. 
He would be walking through the office, or in the elevator, or in the 
parking lot. It seemed that I was seeing him everywhere. After about 
three weeks of working there we found ourselves alone in the elevator 
again one morning.

"God, you're beautiful," Bob said. "Just looking at you makes my mouth 
water."

I didn't know what to do. I almost passed out right there. My head was 
spinning and I thought I was losing my balance.

"My name's Bob. Bob Fletcher. What's yours?"

"Ah. Sue. I mean, my name's Ms Johnson. I'm a lawyer." I lowered my 
head and backed against the wall.

Bob laughed hard and bright. "Well. A lawyer. Listen, honey, I know 
what you need. You want it, you gotta ask for it. Stay after work 
tonight an' let me know."

Just then the elevator door open up and Phyllis Flat got on. Phyllis 
and I were friends and even though we'd only known each other about two 
weeks, she knew me well enough to realize something was wrong.

"Hey, Sue," she said. "What's a matter? You look all flushed. You 
O.K.?"

"Yeah, I'm O.K.," I managed to say, half whispering half stuttering.

As the clock approached five, I felt worse and worse. I sat at my desk 
but no work was getting done. I couldn't think straight. I knew I 
wasn't going to stay late. I'd just go straight out the door at five. 
No problem. That would be that. I was trying to leave all of my second 
life behind. New job. New city. No one has to know. Please, God, help 
me from letting it all start up again. I love it, God help me, but 
please. . . .

At five to five as I walked out of my office to the water cooler, I saw 
him standing beside the elevator, leaning against the wall and smiling 
at me. I knew I was a goner. I had to stay. Yet I kept telling myself 
that I'd walk right past him and just go out, but in my heart of 
hearts, I knew I'd stay.

At five, Phyllis opened my door. "Hey, you coming? Can't work your 
whole life."

"Oh, sorry, Phyllis. You go on. I got a bit more on this case. Don't 
want to have to take it home with me."

Even then I told myself that I'd go. Just stay a few minutes. If I ran 
into him, I thought, I'd tell him what's what. I'm not interested in 
him or anything he's got. I rehearsed a dozen things I was going to say 
and then promptly forgot them all immediately. I couldn't think 
straight.

Five after the hour there was a knock on my door, then the handle 
turned and he walked in.

"Well, sweet Sue. Bet we're going to have a sweet time." His smile 
flashed as he softly closed the door.

"No. I mean, I don't know what you . . . I mean, what do you . . . Who 
do you think . . . What do . . ." I stammered, absolutely unable to 
think straight.

"You know exactly what I want. I want to turn you inside out. Make you 
cum like the bunny you are. Give you something like you've never had 
it. Ever. Make love to you so rich and full . . . . Well, what do ya, 
say? Do we do? Or do we don't?"

I couldn't breathe. I couldn't talk. I lowered my head. "Do," was all I 
said.

Bob walked around to my side of the desk. He grabbed me firmly by the 
shoulders and stood me up. His hands shot to my breasts and roughly 
felt them through the suit coat and shirt. His fingers found my braless 
nipples and they immediately hardened to his touch.

"No, Bob! I can't. I mean. Jesus." I ground against him despite myself, 
pushing my cunt against his jeans. I could feel a damn burst inside me 
emotionally and, at the same time, I could feel myself flow inside. 
Suddenly I realized what had happened. I was pissing! In my confusion, 
I hadn't gone to the bathroom all afternoon and now I was pissing 
myself! I was able to shut it off immediately, but still the front of 
my skirt was wet.

"Oh, baby, pissing yourself, huh? What a lawyer! Sign of a real 
professional. Pinch their clit and they piss themselves. Well, you 
better take off that skirt, bitch. Hell, look at my jeans. You got me 
wet too. We're going ta see about this."

But before he let me free, he pulled me roughly to him and mashed his 
mouth against mine, grabbing my buns from behind and squeezing them. I 
could feel his massive cock shoved against my cunt and I squirmed 
against him, mashing my cunt and belly into his and moving in hot, hard 
circles against him. God, I wanted it!

"Yeah, you're going to get it too!" It was as if he had read my mind. 
"But first you gotta say hello to my friend." Bob ripped down his 
zipper and pulled out a beautiful, rigid cock. He grabbed my hand and 
brought it to his dick. I couldn't help but give it a soft squeeze. It 
was lovely. Hot and hard and I felt it had my name written all over it. 
I moaned and squeezed some more.

"Introduce yourself, babe. Personal like." He shoved me down to my 
knees until I was looking directly at his big, beautiful cock. "Come 
on, Sweet Sue, give it a lickity split. Pretend it's a banana."

I was still holding it and softly stroking it when I stuck out my 
tongue and tasted its tip. The precum oozed out onto my tongue and then 
I let my tongue go further and caress the bottom of the fat, swollen 
head. God, I loved it. Every inch. Every lick. I just had to have it. 
All of it. Ashamed as I was, I cupped my lips about the head and, still 
stroking with my hand, swirled my tongue around and around, tasting the 
sweet baby flesh, hot and warm, then I'd suck in and tickle the under 
head with my tongue. Finally I let him sink in while grabbing his sweet 
buns. And I had to see more and I pumped up and down on him so I opened 
his belt and, pulling momentarily away, lowered his jeans and shorts 
and stared at his muscular legs as he stepped out of his clothes. I 
continued sucking his beautiful cock, feeling wicked and naked, fully 
dressed in my professional garb while he stood there exposed.

I felt his ass tighten up and he began to spurt in me. Since I am shy, 
I tried to pull back and away, but he grabbed my head and pulled me 
down on him as he spurted into my mouth. I loved it! Nectar of the 
gods. Hot, sweet sperm rolling around in my mouth and down my throat. 
"Look out tummy," I wanted to say, but my mouth was full at the time.

"Goddamn! That was fine. Fine," Bob said as he pulled me to my feet and 
shoved his still throbbing cock against the wet patch on my skirt. "Now 
it's time to get outta these, bitch," indicating my skirt and blouse.

"But I have to go to the bathroom," I said, embarrassed.

"You going take a piss?"

"I have to urinate." I said, blushing to even say it in front of a man. 
"Please," I pleaded with my eyes.

He seemed to relent, "Okay, honey, but make it quick. We ain't done. 
Not by a LONG shot!"

When I got back from the bathroom, Bob was start naked laying on my 
couch and pulling on his still hard cock. He didn't seem in the least 
embarrassed to be masturbating in front of me. I couldn't believe it. 
The he stood up and walked over to me. "Take off your clothes."

I did as he asked. slowly pulling down my skirt and stepping out of it, 
then taking off my coat and blouse. I felt SO NAKED standing in front 
of him in only my bra and panties, garter belt and stockings.

"What are you waiting for?" He asked while running one hand up and down 
my side and continuing to masturbate with the other. Suddenly he pushed 
his fingers against my cunt outside my wet panties, then stopped, 
pulled away from me, pulled down my panties, then slid that wonderful 
dick into my already hot, wet cunt. We fucked our way over to the couch 
and I fell back on it. God it felt great as he stroked hard and long in 
and out while crushing my mouth with his. He dug his hands into my 
tight buttocks then suddenly grabbed my bra and pulled it down over my 
tits. While still fucking me, he bent his head and sucked on one tit 
while mauling the other.

He pumped faster and faster, bringing me to a series of orgasms until I 
was shaking in an uncontrollable frenzy of delight as he pumped a hot 
load of cum into me.

He lay still while I continued shaking and trying to pump beneath him 
bringing myself to yet another orgasm.

He pulled out, then began to rub his wet cock all over my stomach and 
tits, pulling himself over me and rubbing up and down. I've never felt 
more naked or more alive. Skin to skin. In spite of my embarrassment, I 
couldn't keep my hands off of him.

"Did I tell you true, or what? That was some fuck, huh?"

Embarrassed, I looked down at his cock, still hard, laying on my 
stomach, "Ah . . . Yes. I mean . . . I mean, yes. I mean I loved it. I 
really did. God! It was great. I mean , yes. I liked it. I like you. I 
mean, I ah, love . . ."

"That's okay. I know what you mean," and he kissed me long and 
tenderly. I melted right there. At that moment I knew I was his to do 
with as he wished, and I wished he would wish a lot. And he did. Thank 
God.

After work the following Monday, as I was preparing to leave the 
office, Bob demanded a blow job. There was never any question of doing 
what he said to do. I vividly remembered my orgasm, the total release 
and satisfaction, and wanted more.

He pulled me into an empty office and pulled down his fly.

"Go fishin', bitch," he demanded. I set down my purse and started to 
take off my hat and suit jacket.

"Leave the hat on! But take off that jacket, open your blouse and pull 
out your tits"

I did as he asked, though I had to unsnap my bra first. He pulled me to 
him and fingered both tits roughly.

"Oh, yeah, Baby. You're something. Nice tits, bitch."

Then he pushed me down and again demanded, "Pull it out and blow me. 
Cunt."

I reached in but had a hard time pulling his dick out because it was so 
hard and in at an awkward position.

"Fuck!" he said and pulled it out for me. I couldn't believe how great 
it looked. I opened my lip and softly sucked the red head into my 
mouth, swirling my tongue around the bottom.

"Do it, bitch!" and he grabbed my hair from the back of my head and 
shove himself into me until he ran into the back of my throat. I was 
gagging and coughing and crying, but he continued to ram into me, 
occasionally pulling out and rubbing his dick all over my face, 
spreading pre-cum and spit across my cheeks and ruining my make up.

When I finally felt him about to cum, I sucked harder and harder, 
pulling his dick with my hand and sliding my other around him to cup 
his ass. God, I was hot! And I wanted to drink him down. But he pulled 
out at the last minute and squirted all over my face. I continued to 
milk him until he stopped and licked and sucked him till he was clean. 
I collapsed on the floor as he zipped up and walked out.

On Friday afternoon, Bob gave me his address and told me to be there by 
noon on Saturday. I went, of course. I was his, and he knew it. We 
fucked all day and into the night.

I was dressing to leave, standing on wobbly legs, hugging Bob around 
the neck, when he patted my buns and said, "Same time, next Saturday, 
slut."

"Why do you have to talk so mean to me?" I asked.

"Sometimes mean an' sometimes not. You got an objection?"

"No, honey, I'll be here. I love you. I'll do whatever you want," and I 
held him pushing against his hardness. I couldn't get enough.

"See you in the office after work on Monday, slut."

"I'll be waiting, Bob."

On the second Saturday, Bob wasn't alone when I arrived.

"This is my friend, Tom," smiled Bob.

Tom was a bit older than Bob, about 21, I thought. He was 5'10", had 
thinning hair, and had a small paunch. But you could tell he had a lot 
of upper body strength. He was probably a football player in high 
school, I thought, maybe a lineman. He was wearing a blue striped tea 
shirt and cutoffs. His legs was hairy and muscular.

I said hello to Tom and the three of us talked for a while. I couldn't 
wait for him to leave, so Bob and I could get on with the fucking! I 
get hot just being close to Bob.

Bob patted me on the knee and smiled again, saying, "I told Tom you 
would play strip poker with us."

I couldn't believe what I'd heard.

"I . . . I can't do that, Bob." I couldn't understand why Bob would say 
that, and wondered how far he was going to push me.

"Well, Babe, then I guess you better get your coat and get the fuck out 
of here. No more fun times with me."

I knew Bob was serious. I'm embarrassed to admit I thought about it for 
only a few seconds. I was not prepared to give up Bob's pleasures so 
easily.

"Okay, Bob, I'll do as you ask."

With a huge grin, Bob walked over to the kitchen table and sat down. A 
deck of card was sitting on the middle of the table. Tom walked over 
and took a seat then licked his lips and looked at me. I lowered my 
head and walked over.

Tom lost the first hand and, instead to taking off his shirt or shoes 
and socks, he stood up and proudly unzipped his cutoffs. He wasn't 
wearing any underwear! I was shocked and excited at the same time. His 
hard dick jumped out and he slid down the cutoffs and sat back down.

"You like that?" Bob asked.

I lowered my head and nodded, then quickly shook my head "no." I could 
feel myself getting very wet beneath the sheer black panties I had worn 
for Bob's benefit.

I lost the next two hands and took off my heels and stockings. At 
first, I tried to take off only one stocking, leaving my other attached 
to the garter belt around my waist.

"Hell, it wouldn't be fair to Tom! Both stockings, bitch!"

I turned in my chair away from Tom, lifted my skirt above my stockings 
and, one at a time unsnapped the garters and rolled down the stockings. 
Tom and stood up and came silently around to watch me before I noticed. 
In fact the first thing I saw was the bobbing white dick in front of 
him. I turned red, but finished what I had begun.

"God!" Tom exclaimed, "Would you look at those legs!"

I turned back, tucking my legs under the table. Even though Tom was far 
more exposed than I was, I felt as though I was stark naked in front of 
a stranger.

Tom took another step toward me and put a hand on my knee. Then he 
knelt down beside me and ran his hand up and down my calf, moaning and 
cupping the calf in one hand and his dick in the other. I thought he 
was going to jack off right there. I looked at Bob for help, but he 
just sat where he was, grinning and shuffling the card. Then he started 
dealing again.

Tom stood up and walked back to his seat, his boner bouncing before 
him. "Wow," he said under his breath, looked at Bob and laughed. Bob 
laughed back and continued dealing the cards.

I picked mine up, in part to cover my embarrassment. I had a good hand. 
Two pair and an ace. I discarded the ace and ended up with a full 
house.

Bob lost the hand and, like Tom, he took off his jeans. Like Tom, he 
wasn't wearing any underwear and his dick popped out, hard and ready. I 
couldn't restrain myself. I could only stare. It was longer than Tom's 
and looked delicious. Tom had been watching me and laughed.

"You're are ready, aren't you?" Tom asked. I was too embarrassed to 
answer and looked down again at my cards, even though the hand was long 
over.

Bob stepped out of his jeans and walked around to my side of the table. 
I watched his cock bouncing before him out of the corner of my eye.

"Say hello to your friend," he demanded when he finally stood before 
me.

I looked more directly at his cock, still terribly embarrassed to be 
doing this in front of his friend. "Hello," I weakly muttered.

"No, bitch!" he grabbed my hair and shoved his hard dick in my face, 
"Say hello like you mean it."

I said hello louder and, as he pulled my head toward him, kissed the 
red head of his dick. I could sense the cum in it welling up and could 
see a clear drop gather on the head. I kissed it again, even after he 
had let go of my head, lightly licking off the clear drop, then dropped 
my head, embarrassed.

Bob laughed, walked back to his seat and dealt another hand. This time 
I was dealt trash. I discarded three cards, but only managed to end up 
with two fives. I was worried. Next, would come my white blouse. Then 
Tom would see me in my bra. And besides that, I only had a skirt, black 
panties and matching garter belt. But the men only had shoes and 
shirts. Neither was wearing socks.

Tom had three of a kind and Bob had two pair.

I didn't set down my cards but froze looking down onto the table. I was 
on the verge of tears, but at the same time I was terribly horny.

"What you got, bitch?" said Bob with a wide grin. He knew I had lost 
the hand.

For a minute, I regretted everything. My long years of teasing cocks, 
my affair with Bob, my entire double life. Everything. I laid down my 
cards and slowly started to unbutton my blouse from the top down. When 
I got near the waist, I had to push back my chair and pull out the 
bottom of the blouse to continue. This exposed a portion of my bra for 
the first time.

When Tom saw the black lace peak out from beneath my white blouse, he 
gave a low whistle.

I finished unbuttoning my blouse and looked up at Bob pleadingly, 
although I already know it wouldn't do any good.

"Alley-oop," Bob said.

Looking down, I pulled up front of my blouse, aware that in so doing my 
tits strained against the bra as they pulled up and out. Then I slid my 
blouse off of my arms and let it drop to the floor on one side. I 
pulled my arms in close to my body, attempting to hide what I had just 
exposed.

"No, no, Bitch. Sit up right!" Bob warned.

I straightened slightly, exposing more of my lace cupped tits. The 
nipples stood out straight revealing my excitement to both men and 
further embarrassing me. I only looked down at the table and continued 
doing so even as Bob lost the next hand and, standing up, stretch to 
take off his knit shirt. He was now naked except for his shoes, but I 
didn't dare look at him.

Mercifully, Tom lost the next hand and, like Bob, removed his shirt. 
When his eyes were covered with the shirt I looked at him. At his 
beautiful white skin, his broad chest, and his hard white dick that 
seemed to be mocking me. I could not suppress a soft moan that escaped 
from my lips.

Realizing I had been caught, I looked again down at the table as both 
men laughed.

The next hand was a disaster! I was dealt trash, discarded trash, and 
ended up with trash. I was horrified. Both men laid down their hands, 
both of which beat mine.

Now I must decide: skirt, bra, or garter. I was petrified! I couldn't 
seem to move. If I took off the bra, Tom would see my beautiful tits. I 
would be complete naked above the waist. If I removed my skirt, I'd 
have to stand up, revealing more of my tits beneath the bra, and to 
take it down. And then all I had on beneath it were panties and garter 
belt. The panties were sheer. You could see my pussy hair beneath them, 
but not the lips. If I took off the belt, I'd have to turn around, hike 
up my skirt all the way, revealing my panties, unsnap the belt, and 
pull it out.

I decided to go for the belt. I turned toward Bob's side of the table, 
lifted my butt slightly off the chair while raising my skirt. Bob 
watched with a big smile on his face, but when he saw my hands go for 
the snap of the garter belt, he said, "No way, bitch. That doesn't 
count. You're going to leave that on until we tell you differently."

By that time Tom had stepped back around the table, naked except for 
his shoes. He saw my panties and smiled as he placed a hand on my upper 
thigh. I was startled and gave an involuntary jump.

"Relax, honey," Tom said lowly, "I'm just checking things out." And he 
let his hand roam up almost to the bottom of my panties. Despite myself 
I spread my legs further apart as he came closer to my pussy, but he 
just laughed and stood up.

"I told you she was a hot bitch, didn't I Tom?" Bob said to his friend.

"Now," he asked, "what's it going to be?"

That broke my trance. I quickly pulled my skirt back down, turned back 
toward the table, and unhooked my front-snapped bra with trembling 
hands. Shaking with fear and lust, I pulled the straps backward off my 
shoulders fully exposing my smooth white tits capped with pink, hard 
nipples.

"All right!" Tom said appreciatively and licked his lips.

Again, I foolishly tried to cover up as much as possible by hunching 
forward and drawing my arms around in front of me, but Bob would have 
none of it.

"For Christ's sake, he's already seen them. Sit the fuck up right."

I did, knowing I was blushing terribly. My tits stood out from my body 
over the table, and both men stared.

Tom lost the next hand, stood up in my full view, kicked off his shoes. 
I didn't look. I felt he was taunting me, and I wasn't going to let him 
see my interest if I could help it although I burned inside to look. I 
could only see his beautiful cock bouncing around out of the corner of 
my eye.

The next hand was the worst I had all night. All low cards, no pairs. 
Discarding three, I managed to pick up a pair of fives. But Tom had a 
full house and Bob had a pair of eights. (I didn't even know why Tom 
kept playing? What was going to happen to him if he lost, I wondered.)

I had no choice. I had to take off my skirt. Thinking back on it, I 
guess I could have removed my panties beneath the skirt, trying not to 
expose myself in so doing, but I didn't think of that then.

Looking down, I pushed my chair back and stood up. My hands, shaking, 
fumbled at the buttons on the right side, and when I'd released them I 
was shaking too hard to catch the skirt. It fell at my feet. I was 
ready to cry out of frustration, fear, lust, and several other emotions 
I cannot describe. So I just stood there, slightly slumped over, not 
knowing what to do.

Suddenly I felt Tom's hand on my upper arm. He rubbed it up and down 
softly, almost tenderly except for a squeeze now and then.

Here I was, almost naked, in a pair of sheer black lace panties which 
barely covered my pussy and which allowed the bottom cheeks of my ass 
to stick out and a black garter belt, standing in front of two naked 
men, neither of whom was my husband. I wanted out, but at the same time 
I was drawn deeper in. I even momentarily had an urge to finger myself 
from outside my panties, but I restrained myself.

I sat back down. Through all my shame, I still wondered what Bob would 
have Tom do if he lost the next hand. But Bob lost the next hand 
instead and remove his shoes.

I knew it was going to happen eventually and it did. I lost another 
hand. I looked at Bob pleadingly. But I could tell from the look in his 
eyes that nothing was going to get me out of this one.

"Come here," Bob said as he stood up and walked over to the middle of 
the living room.

"Bob . . ." I said, pleading with my eyes.

"Come here, I said."

So I stood up and walked slowly over to him, aware that my firm tits 
slightly bounced with every step. I didn't dare look at Tom so I was 
surprised when I felt him at my side, again rubbing my arm. I glanced 
over, nervously and saw his hard dick sticking out. God I was horny! 
And scared.

"Now take them off." Bob said. "Slowly."

I put both hands on the sideband of my black panties and slowly slid 
them down my hips. I could hear Tom moaning as my blond pussy hair 
slowly came into sight.

When I had gotten them midway down my thighs and had just started to 
bend over to pull them all the way off, Tom said "Stop!"

I looked up at Bob and Bob nodded. Tom dropped to his knees in front of 
me and, shoving his face into my tummy, grabbed the cheeks of my ass 
and softly caressed them. While he rubbed his cheeks then his lips then 
his cheeks across my belly, he moaned and let his hands fall down the 
back of my legs, caressing the back of my thighs then my soft calves 
then the back of my thighs, all the while careful not to pull my 
panties any further down.

Finally his head went lower and he kissed my lower belly, just above 
where my pussy fur began while kneading my ass cheeks harder and 
harder. He shoved his chin down on my pussy. Despite myself, I pushed 
back against him and a soft moan of yearning escaped my lips. He just 
kept rubbing my ass, thighs and calves, turned his face and rubbed his 
cheek up and down against my lower tummy and pussy.

Just as abruptly as he began, he stopped, stood up, and held me by the 
shoulders at arms length, looking at my body up and down.

"I told you she had a great bod, didn't I?" Bob asked.

"You sure the fuck weren't lying, buddy," Tom said as he looked me up 
and down. I tried to look away, then down, but when I looked down all I 
could see was Tom's beautiful dick pointed at my belly button. "Great 
tits," and with this Tom let go of my shoulders and cupped both tits in 
his hand, "great ass" he knelt and cupped my ass, "firm belly" he 
stroked my tummy softly, "and fantastic cunt" as both of his hand 
played outside of my cunt.

I was almost choking with lust and humiliation. Tom hugged me, poking 
his cock into my belly and rubbed it around. I couldn't seem to catch 
my breath. Then he stood back. "OK, you can take your panties all the 
way off."

I bent over, feeling Bob's cock poke one cheek of my ass, and pulled my 
panties down until they fell off. Then stepped out of them and stood 
still. Here I was, naked except for a garter belt standing in front of 
two, horny, naked men. I started shaking.

"Time for the next hand," Bob announced and walked over to the table. 
Tom followed. I could not move. I was trembling with shame and 
excitement. Afraid of what was going to happen next and dying for it at 
the same time. I felt cold and empty and was actually shaking.

"Come on, honey; it gets better." Bob said.

I walked over to the table and sat down, slightly surprised by the cold 
metal of the chair. I didn't know what was going to happen to the next 
person who lost a hand, but I should have guessed.

I could barely play my cards since I was so scared, but I managed to 
get three sixes. Tom only had a pair of tens. Bob had two pair.

"O.K.," bitch, it's your choice.

"What . . . what do you mean?" I stammered.

"You've got the high hand and Tom's low. You can make him do anything 
you want."

"What?" I asked.

"Well, you can't injure him, but you can make him do anything you want. 
Only not to me, you know. I'm not into that stuff."

"I don't want him to do anything." I said, which was not really true. 
Maybe I could have said I wanted him to leave so I could fuck Bob, but 
that would have been even more untrue.

"You want him to eat you? Fuck you? Jack off in front of you? What?"

"Ah, no. I mean no. Yes." I stammered like a fool. "Maybe jack off, 
O.K.?"

"Hell, if that's what you want, sure baby, " Tom said, "I'll jack off. 
But you gotta give me some inspiration. Sit up on the table with your 
legs apart.

I looked at Bob, but he only nodded. "Give him something good to see, 
baby. Let him see your sweet snatch."

"But I thought I could have him do anything for ME."

"Oh, shut up and get up on the table."

As Tom got up holding his cock in his hand, I stood and climbed up onto 
the table and slightly spread my legs. "Wider." Said Bob. "Wider."

I opened them as wide as I could and still keep my balance.

Tom stood in front of me grinning and stroking himself. "Here, spit in 
my hand, baby." he said holding his right hand out to me. But I 
couldn't spit. My mouth was totally dry. All I could do was watch him 
stroke himself and gulp. Tom looked directly at my pussy and moaned 
while pulling up and down on his beautiful cock.

After a few minutes, Tom abruptly stopped. "Wanta save this for later," 
he said.

"Next hand" announced Bob.

This time I lost and Tom won.

"This is it, baby. Now you get fucked!" Sen said as he laid down on the 
carpet. "Put it here," he said pointing to his cock. "You put it in!"

I hesitated, but Bob said "Put out or get out. And you won't be coming 
back!"

So I walked over to Tom, put my feet on either side of his hips, thus 
exposing my pussy lips to his hungry gaze, and slowly lowered myself. I 
reached between my legs and grabbed his hard cock. God it felt good. 
But I was still trembling. I couldn't seem to stop. And my eyes filled 
with water. Probably fear, lust and sham, all wrapped up together. I 
could feel that hard cock in my hand. I could feel it pulsing with 
need. Chickening out, I pushed up cunt down onto his stomach, letting 
go of his cock, but then reaching it from behind and shameless pumping 
on it as I squirmed, pushing my pussy all over his belly and chest. I 
was so horny that I made whimpering noises with as I scooted over his 
naked belly. He grabbed my tits and pressed them together then let his 
hand slide down to my hips and pulled me to his mouth, sticking his 
tongue far inside me with one quick thrust and swirling it around 
inside, then shoving me back down toward his cock.

Then I knew I had to have it. I raised myself, grabbed the base of his 
dick, and slowly lowered myself. But again my shyness overcame my lust 
momentarily and I chickened out. I pushed down, rubbing the length of 
his cock against my pussy lips, up and down, up and down, teasing both 
of us almost to distraction. Tom was rubbing my thighs and grabbing and 
rubbing my soft tits.

Finally I couldn't take it any more. I raised back up and lowered 
myself right over his cock. As I felt the tip of his dick touch my 
opening, I whimpered and began shaking with lust. I moaned loudly and 
the cock head push against the tight, wet opening, then even louder as 
it crossed the threshold. Slowly I lowered myself further and further, 
taking in all of his hot length.

Tom's hands grabbed my hips and I sunk down on his cock and he began 
thrusting up until I was stabbed to the very depth. Now I couldn't stop 
myself. I pulled up and pushed down, feeling that cock, beautiful cock 
slide out and in, out and in. Tom grabbed at my tits and ass, thrusting 
up and down in time with me. He managed to pull me down on him and 
sucked on my tits.

"Oh, honey. Look at these tits. So fucking good. Smooth juicy tits. And 
your fucking ass. I'm going to fuck you in your beautiful ass. Look at 
these pink nipples. Like they ain't never been kissed." And he sucked 
and pulled as I rode up and down and up and down, grabbing his head, 
his hair, running my hands up and down his sides, my trembling now 
turned into uncontrollable shaking with hot lust. Never feeling so 
ashamed and fulfilled at the same time until he grabbed me around my 
lower back and drilled harder and harder into me and finally let loosed 
a hard, hot stream of cum. I could feel its hot wash deep inside.

And we lay there, together, shaking with lust and exhaustion. calming 
down, then shaking some more, then calming. I rolled my hips around 
trying to feel more and more of him.

Then lay still.

I had lost all sense of where I was and what I was doing, until I heard 
Bob applauding behind me.

"Fuckin' great. That was great." Then, "time for another hand."

I was almost too weak to walk but managed to pull myself up and stagger 
over to the table. Tom was also weak. I looked down but gave him a shy 
smile as he sat.

"While you two were balling your brains out, I called George," Bob 
said. "Thought we'd make things more interesting."

Oh, no! I thought. I can't handle it anymore! This is too much!




Chapter 2

I know I must sound inexperienced but I'm not. In fact, that day was 
not even the first time I'd played strip poker. The first time was when 
I was twelve. My parents had taken Billy, my ten-year old brother, and 
I to visit my aunt and uncle and cousins in Maine that summer. It 
looked like it as going to be a boring visit. The only exciting thing, 
for me, was my fifteen-year old cousin, Bert, who I immediately 
developed a crush on. He was dark and good looking, as the story goes, 
and I was just beginning to feel the sexual urges within me, but I was 
too shy to let him know how I felt. He would probably laugh at me 
anyway, I remember thinking.

One afternoon at their house, I was bored and walked around in the 
woods behind the subdivision daydreaming about Bert. I was not certain 
of my sexuality, but knew I wanted to see him naked. I thought about 
his lips kissing my budding breasts, licking my pink nipples maybe, and 
his fingers in my crack. Occasionally, I would let my hand slip down 
the front of my skimpy white shorts and finger myself. Sometimes, I 
would sneak the other hand up under my yellow tank top and squeeze my 
tiny tits. But I was very worried about being seen and so wouldn't feel 
myself for long. I was super hot, though, 'cause I didn't dare finger 
myself in bed at night since I had to share a bed with Sarah, my 
twelve-year old cousin. The only time I'd masturbated since arriving, 
was once in the bathtub, and that was a mistake since right after I 
came, thinking about Bert, who should accidentally barge in but Bert 
himself? I had forgotten to lock the door! Fortunately, I was taking a 
bubble bath so the most he could have seen was one of my small, pink 
breasts. He smiled quickly, looked straight at me, and excused himself 
and backed out. I couldn't look at him for several days after, although 
I could almost feel him looking at me every time we were near one 
another. Occasionally, I would glance up and see him wink at me. I was 
very shy and would look down immediately.

So that afternoon I was very hot and fingered myself more than I 
normally would have under similar circumstances.

Suddenly I heard a bunch of boys' voices. I recognized one of the 
voices to be that of Billy, my brother. I crept through the pines until 
I came to a small clearing. There was Sammy, my younger cousin who 
played with Billy, taking a piss. I could see his little dick, and I 
gulped. It was small but hard and he fondled it while he was pissing. 
Soon, he finished, zipped up, and walked down a small trail toward the 
rest of the voices. I followed. Suddenly I came to the edge of a larger 
clearing and stepped off the trail. I could hear the boys' voices 
coming from this area. Carefully, I crept through the foliage until I 
could see into the clearing but was sure the boys couldn't see me.

There was Billy and Sammy and about four other boys. I could hear them 
clearly. They were talking about the magazines they were looking at.

"Wow! Look at them boobies. I'd love to fuck them." said one of the 
kinds.

"But look at her cunt," said my brother, Billy. "Jesus!"

One of the boys unzipped. I thought he was going to piss right there. 
But he didn't. He just fondled his little hard dick while looking at 
the pictures in the magazines. The other boys looked at him and laughed 
a bit, but then another pulled out his little dick and did the same. 
Then my brother pulled out his. They were soon all jacking off to the 
pictures. "God, I wish we had a girl right here to fuck," my cousin 
said. I couldn't believe my eyes. Six preteen boys trying to masturbate 
had gotten me very hot. My hand slipped back into my shorts, and I 
began to finger my tight little blond pussy. My other hand reached 
under my tank top and squeezed my right breast. This time I was going 
to go all the way. I was too horny to stop!

But in my excitement, I tumbled over in the bushes. "Jesus!" One of the 
boys said.

I looked up and thought they were all going to run away. But one zipped 
up quickly and ran to where I was. I'd managed to straighten up and 
pull my tank top down, but there was a wet patch on the front of my 
white shorts and a strand of my hair was stuck in a branch or a bush.

"Hey, you guys. Come here. Quick!" yelled the one boy who'd come up on 
me. I tried to turn and run, but my hair was stuck and the boy grabbed 
one of my ankles from behind in a classic tackle. I fell on my face 
onto a soft carpet of needles. I was free from the branch and knew I 
could power past the kid, but by the time I'd pulled one foot free, 
another kid was there and grabbed it. Soon all the boys were there and 
they all grabbed me and shoved me down as I struggled and squirmed 
beneath them.

I could hear my brother say, "Jesus! It's Suzi. My sister. Hold her 
down, guys. She'll tell on us."

By now I was crying and trembling with fright, embarrassment and 
frustration. I was also very horny. A number of the boys had grabbed at 
my ass while we struggled and one had got his fingers around my tit and 
squeezed a bit. I soon gave up struggling. I thought it was time to try 
another ploy.

"I won't tell." I said through my sobs. "Just let me go. Please?" I 
pleaded.

"No, man, don't let her up."

I could feel the little hand try to grab my tit again, so I shoved 
myself down harder against the ground.

"Come on, guys. Let's get her up. But hold on to her. Don't let her 
run. I gotta idea," said Sammy.

The boys pulled me to my feet. I didn't resist. I was too tired and 
humiliated. Now, I knew they could all see the wet spot on my shorts. 
But they didn't look. They were too busy making sure I couldn't get 
away. Two kids held both arms and one grabbed me tightly around the 
waist from behind. They were smaller that I was, but I knew I couldn't 
struggle against their numbers. It would be futile.

They walked me into the clearing. The boy who wasn't holding me, 
grabbed the front of my shorts and pulled, leading the way. I could 
feel the back of his fingers against my stomach when he would stop for 
a moment. "Let's tie her up to the tree."

"O.K."

"Go get that rope, guys."

"Yeah, tie her up."

Soon I was tied to a small birch on the side of the clearing. The sun 
was still high enough to come over the edge of the trees and warm my 
body. "I hope it dries my shorts before they see," I thought.

"Billy, let me go. Please. I won't tell," I cried. "Let me go!"

"Fuck her, Billy," Sammy said. "We got her and we're going to keep her. 
She can scream as loud as she wants, nobody can hear.

She's ours for the afternoon, buddy."

"O.K." Bill said.

I knew Billy wouldn't protest. He often teased me and grabbed at me. I 
knew he had sexual urges for me. And I'd catch him trying to look up my 
skirt sometimes or "accidentally" feel my leg when he dropped something 
at the dinner table.

"Come on, guys, let me go. Please."

"O.K., we'll let you go. If you'll show us your boobies," said the 
little boy who had been pissing earlier.

I was scared and shy. "No. No. Just let me go." But I was also turned 
on. A lot!

"Hell, guys. We don't need her permission. Just pull up her shirt," 
Sammy said. Obviously he was the leader.

He grabbed the bottom of my tank top and slowly pulled it up. I pushed 
back against the tree keeping the shirt from riding higher than my 
upper tummy. Two of the others, however, caught on and pushed me away 
from the tree.

Sammy soon had my tank top gathered under my armpits. He held it there 
staring at my small, pink breasts.

"Wow!" he said. "They're not like in Penthouse, but they sure are 
nice."

"Yeah," said another kid as he reach out to touch one. His little 
fingers massaged the whole surface, but I struggled and the top fell 
partially down.

Sammy pulled it back up, rolled it and tied it with a piece of string 
so it would stay up. As he tied it up, he pressed his hard little body 
against mine and looked right in my face. It wasn't until that moment 
that I realized how much like Bert he looked. Two of the others had 
pulled their little dicks out and were stroking them with one hand 
while tentatively feeling me up, my tits, my stomach, with the other. 
One kid ran his hand over the front of my shorts and another over my 
buns. Sammy unzipped and unbuckled his pants and let them fall to his 
feet. He had the biggest cock, but it was still small. I couldn't take 
my eyes off of it at first, then looked down when I saw him looking 
directly in my eyes and wink. He looked just like a miniature Bert!

A couple of the boys started softly rubbing their cocks against my 
legs.

"Stop that, you guys! I'll tell." I was screaming and crying, but to 
tell the truth I was extremely horny by this time. Seeing those little 
hard dicks and feeling them against my legs, had really turned me on. I 
could feel myself push against them, their smooth, little hard cocks on 
my naked legs! And my ass started slowly pumping out away from the 
tree. Before I knew it, my crying had stopped and a soft moaning had 
begun.

"Jesus! She's hot, guys," Billy said. "Let's strip her naked!"

With this, I half came to my senses. "No! Please." But I could feel 
myself get wetter and wetter and pump a bit further with my butt away 
from the tree.

Bill unsnapped my shorts, hooked his thumbs in the sides, and began to 
pull them slowly down. I kept telling him to stop, but feeling those 
little cocks against my smooth naked legs, I sure didn't mean it. I was 
theirs, and I think they knew it for sure.

The kids pumping my legs stopped for a minute while my shorts were 
pulled down my long legs and I stepped out of them, still thrusting 
against the air. Then they were back on me, one was big enough to pump 
my upper thigh and would occasionally get his cockhead as high as my 
white panties. Meanwhile the others were feeling me all over. I even 
felt one boy open my hand which was tied behind the tree and place his 
little dick in it. I squeezed tenderly and pumped it as much as I 
could.

My eyes were closed most of the time and I was moaning and really 
loving the smooth needing feel of little hard cocks pressed all over me 
from the upper thighs down. A couple kids had been feeling my tits and 
a couple fondled my pussy from outside my panties. I was delirious.

Then I felt someone pulling down my panties and gasped. I opened my 
eyes just in time to see my panties come down and my wet little teenage 
cunt be exposed for all to see.

Suddenly they all stopped and stood back, surveying my twelve-year old 
body. There I was, entirely exposed in the warm light of day, my 
panties around my knees, standing in front of six ten-year olds. Most 
were almost entirely naked by this time and all of their little dicks 
stood up like toy soldiers at attention. A couple of them fondled 
themselves as they looked at me.

"Gosh."

"Gee."

"Cunt!"

The boys were quiet. I thought they might be scared. I knew I was, but 
I also knew I was still very horny. Apparently they were too because 
they all came back and began to push against me once more, only this 
time a couple ran their fingers through the hair on my pussy and Sammy 
even let a finger begin to slip in. I pushed out and against him and 
felt the finger enter me from in front while I felt two little dicks 
push against my upper thigh in the rear and hands caressed my tight, 
little buns. One kid even tried to stick his finger in my asshole, but 
I pulled further away and he gave up. I have never been so turned on in 
my life, and the boys knew it.

One was sucking on my tits and fingering me while the other crushed 
their little cocks against my legs and lower buttocks and felt me all 
over. Little hands caressed my tits and buns, hands were on my smooth 
tan calves, and trailing over my tummy. I was thrusting against all of 
these sensations, especially against the finger in my cunt. Then I felt 
one the of boys kissing my tummy and going lower and lower with his 
tongue. I pushed and squirmed against him, but he didn't know enough to 
stick his tongue in me. He just kissed my pussy above where the other 
kid fingered me. "Jesus! This is great!"

"Let's get her down," said Sammy -- then I realized that it was he who 
had the finger in my cunt pushing back and forth as I squirmed and 
pumped against him. He knew I wouldn't run by now. "Untie her."

One of the kids fumbled with the rope while I kept stroking his little 
hard cock. It took him a long time.

I looked at the boys and their hard little dicks. They were all naked 
by now and rubbing their little chests and hairless legs and dicks all 
over me. I watched through heavily lidded eyes. Everything looked as 
though in a glaze of need. I wanted to suck some of those dicks and was 
praying some of the boys would make me, since I knew I'd be too shy to 
initiate the action.

Soon I was free. I pretended to try to escape, mostly for form and to 
feel their little bodies all over me stopping me. I squirmed and 
thrashed softly in their arms. I could feel hands all over me, poking 
my asshole and buttocks, all over my cunt. Sammy had kept his finger in 
me and I pushed my pussy bone against his chest as his finger squirmed 
like a tight worm inside. Mouths were kissing and sucking my tits and 
butt, boys were humping my calves and mouthing my thighs. I was in 
heaven! And so were they.

Soon they had me on the soft grass. We kept squirming and thrashing, 
kissing and fondling, only now I was kissing and fondling back. I 
grabbed little asses and pulled the boys on me. We wrestled and turned. 
I kissed one on the mouth and stuck my tongue in. He rose up and 
started pushing his little dick all over my face. Here was my chance, I 
thought, and I sucked him in. I could hear him groan as he turned on 
his side and tried to fuck my mouth.

Then I felt a little hard dick between my legs, and opened them wider. 
I was able to see that it was Sammy between my legs. He had some 
trouble but was finally able to shove himself in and grab my waist. 
It's a good thing he grabbed cause I was starting to climax. All those 
little hands and mouths and dicks, poking and pushing and caressing and 
kissing and mouthing every part of my body had brought me to the edge. 
When I felt a little dick shoved between my buttocks, I knew I couldn't 
stand it any longer and began thrashing even harder as I came, 
squirming against Sammy's dick. I could feel his little ejaculation in 
me as the boy in my mouth also came. Sammy rolled off and pumped on his 
dick some more as Billy took his place. "Oh, no, " I thought, "My own 
brother!" But he felt so good I fucked him until he shot off.

"Hello! What have we here?" came a deep voice from the edge of the 
clearing. It was Bert!

"What the fuck are you guys doing?"

"Nothing, Bert. Honest," Sammy said.

They were all up and scrambling toward their clothes. I curled into a 
tight ball.

"Relax, boys," Bert said. "There's no problem. You're just getting your 
first pussy, right?"

"That's right, Bert," Sammy said as he stopped and turned back around.

"That's O.K., guys. Just so happens here's where I got my first piece 
of ass too. Me and Pete Boggs brought Mary Alice out here when I was 
thirteen. Great day. You guys are just starting early, that's all." By 
then all the rest of the boys had come back and sat around my naked 
body curled on the grass.

"Who's the chick?" Bert asked. Evidently he hadn't seen my face. "Why 
it's Suzi! Little cousin Suzi! Suzi Q! And have I got somethin' for 
you!"

He walked over, sat down crosslegged by my face, and lit up a 
cigarette. "You're some hot bitch! I can tell."

I closed my eyes and tried to disappear. I pulled my knees further up 
to my chest and lay in a fetal position on the grass, feeling the warm 
sun on my back. Soon I could feel Bert's hand, larger that all the 
others, on my back, rubbing up and down as though he was soothing me.

"Yeah, you're really something. So fucking soft. Blond hair," as he 
raised a strand of my hair. By now his knee was directly in front of my 
face. "You want a real man to take care of you, Suzi?"

I shook my head no. I was scared and terribly embarrassed. I'd begun 
trembling uncontrollably.

His hand went lower and lower down my back until it rested on my 
buttocks. "Well, you won't mind if I just show the guys how to treat a 
woman, will you?" I was confused and shook my head no again. Which is 
not what I wanted to do. I wanted to say I did mind, but that wasn't 
really the truth. So I guess my body involuntarily told the truth when 
my mind tried to lie.

"Good," and Bert's hand slipped down between my buttocks, moved softly 
over my asshole and started lightly stroking my pussy.

"Such a pretty blond puss! Oh, you're going to like me, baby! I got a 
hot hard one for you. Come on, guys, help me turn her over."

And I could feel all those little hands on me again, with one set of 
larger hands, pulling me out of my fetal position. Again I squirmed and 
got hotter and hotter as I struggled. But this time I struggled to 
really get free. I didn't want to let Bert see me completely naked. I 
was getting hotter and hotter as the boys' naked bodies rubbed against 
mine and a couple little dicks got hard again. I could also feel the 
large hands on me, holding my waist while the boys were opening me up 
like a flower in the sunshine. I tried to move from side to side but 
the boys held my legs and arms apart. One boy took off one of my 
sneakers and, as he held my foot, he sat rubbing his little hard dick 
against the insole. It tickled and I laughed though my fear and 
excitement.

"Yeah, you're gonna like it, ain't you?" said Bert.

Despite myself, I nodded and opened my eyes slightly, enough to see him 
stand up and start taking off his shirt. The sun was in my eyes but I 
watched as best as I could as he took off his clothes. I did get a good 
view as he pulled down his jeans and jockey shorts and his hard cock 
bobbed out. God it was big. So much bigger than the boys' dicks.

"Now just hold her still, guys. Watch this." He knelt between my legs 
but instead of putting his dick right in me he lay with his upper body 
on my legs and his head on my tummy like on a pillow. I could feel his 
dick on my lower calf and could feel his rubbing it up and down against 
my soft flesh. I was lost again, prisoner to my lust, and I thrust my 
pussy up against his chest, squirming and pushing my pussy bone around 
and around against him.

"Now here's how to eat out a chick," Bert said to his students. The 
boys had let go of me, realizing I wasn't going anywhere, and were 
watching him closely. He bent his head down further on my body and 
softly, slowly began licking up and down my crack. I tried to push 
against him so his tongue would go in, but he would just pull back 
slightly. This was his demonstration, and I knew it.

He lay licking me and caressing my buttocks, pulling them apart, then 
my tummy, then my tits, then bring one hand down to where his mouth was 
and finger me while he talked to the boys, all of whom sat around my 
naked body in a circle.

"See her little pussy lips?" He asked and they nodded. (I was going 
crazy, my head going back and forth on the warm grass and my hands on 
the top of his head, trying to shove him back down.) "Now watch as I 
stick my tongue in between them. Watch her reaction." And he stuck his 
tongue into me making me moan and thrash on the grass. His hands all 
over my ass, tummy, titties and legs, then two fingers in my cunt again 
as he gave further instructions. "Now If I stick it straight in and 
bring it up to the top of her cunt on the inside, I can really get her 
going. And he replaced his fingers with his tongue, driving it straight 
into me and then up, dragging it back and forth across my clit as I 
shuddered and gasped, shoved his head further down with one hand and 
grabbed a tit with my other, bringing my legs up around his body and 
locking them, trying to pull the slick, hot tongue further and further 
inside, grinding my pussy against his face, and moaning uncontrollably. 
Meanwhile his hands roamed all over my body and I could occasionally 
feel small hands in my armpits, on my breasts, caressing my legs. I 
could even feel one kid straddle my face and shove his stiff little 
dick in my mouth. I sucked and tongued him for all I was worth until he 
shot his tiny load and rolled off of me.

"Enough of the demonstration, guys. Now It's time I get my reward." 
Bert said as he raised up despite my thrashing and trying to pull his 
face back into my blond pussy. He moved up, rubbing against me the 
entire way, his cock up my thighs. He caressed my tits and brought his 
beautiful cock to the entrance of my pussy. I tried to push down onto 
it, but he held me beneath my armpits with he sucked my tits, licking 
them and my belly all over as I thrashed beneath him with a need I'd 
never known before.

Soon he rose up and kissed me, shoving his tongue, sweet with my 
juices, far into my mouth, I shoved mine, in turn, into his as I tried 
to grab his ass and pull his dick into me, but he apparently liked to 
tease and would only rub his cock up and down over my pussy lips then 
bring the head to my entrance, shove it a fraction of the way in and 
then withdraw it, again raking it across my pussy bone and pussy lips.

"You gotta beg me to fuck you if you want it."

"Oh, yes, I want it," I whispered to him then shoved my tongue back in 
his mouth and swirled it around waiting for him to take me.

I mashed my mouth against his, moving it around until it almost hurt my 
teeth and jaws. But he only brought the head back to the entrance and 
shoved it half way in. I tried as hard as I could to push down and 
impale myself, but his hands, planted beneath my armpits, prohibited me 
going lower. So I was reduced to flopping against him, grinding down on 
half a cockhead and squealing for more.

"No, no, Suzi. Louder. You gotta beg so all the guys can hear."

Shy as I was, I couldn't stand it any longer. "Please fuck me," I said 
out loud. And he shove a bit more of the cock head in. I felt great, 
but again he held back as I squirmed and tried to force him in further, 
grabbing his buttocks and pulling. "Please fuck me MORE." And his cock 
went further in. Now I could move without it falling out. It was passed 
the cockhead and felt fat and slick in me. "FUCK ME WITH YOUR COCK!" 
and he shoved another inch in. ""FUCK ME! FUCK ME FUCK ME! YOUR FAT 
COCK! FUCK ME, BERT! FUCKEE FUCKEE FUCKEE! HARDER! FUCKEE! FUCK FUCK 
FUCKFUCKFUCK!"

And he shoved deeper and deeper and started to thrust in and out with 
slow deliberate movements as I tried to quicken the pace and wrapped my 
legs around his ass shoving myself up at him as he drilled that 
beautiful hot cock into me and grabbed my ass and drilled me harder and 
harder, and quicker and quicker, and I could hear the boys gasp as he 
pulled out almost all the way then shoved in me so deep I thought I was 
going to vomit. He was hard and hot and really knew how to fuck, 
drilling me with strong, hard strokes and bending down and lapping my 
tits, my pink tits, as I pulled him into me with my legs and caressed 
his back and butt with my legs and his hands all over my legs, fucking 
my mouth with his, then tonguing my tits, and I felt so good I knew I 
wanted to feel like this forever or maybe forever or maybe ...

And he want faster and faster and harder, kissing me and licking me. 
And I shook and squirmed and felt every part of him I could, even 
pushing my hand between us so I could feel him as he went in and out, 
and I even fingered myself a bit, embarrassing myself in front of the 
boys who giggled and gasped and pulled on their little goaty dicks as 
they watched, and I happened to look up at Sammy and he winked, then I 
saw Bert's face who was fucking me harder and harder and he winked too, 
then shoved all the way in, higher than ever before, pulled almost all 
the way out and did this over and over very quickly until he was going 
to cum and I knew it and I was going to cum too, and he shoved in even 
deeper and bigger than ever before, grabbing my ass and pulling me way 
in, and my legs pulled him even harder and he shot a load of hot, 
sticky cum way down in me then a half stroke and another hot load, then 
another and more cum and over and again, both of us cumming and moaning 
and twisting and pawing and fucking and loving it. My first real time 
with a man! What a hump.

And after his last load squirted deep inside, I just kept rubbing 
against him and he pushed in me in circles so I could feel his dick all 
around, so hard and lovely, and full and hot. And we lay in the sun 
sweating and caressing each other, and I could hear the boys get up and 
go get their clothes and put them on, but we just lay there kissing and 
squirming slightly in each others arms, and I knew I was in love for 
the first time and that I would do anything for him. And I could hear 
the boys gathering up their rope and magazines. And he stayed hard in 
me and licked the sweat from my tits. And I could feel his cum leak out 
of my young cunt and down the crack of my ass, cool and sticky in the 
afternoon. And I could hear the boys walk away as we kissed and licked 
each others' shoulders and ears and hair and eyelids. And he stayed 
hard inside me. And the sun went down behind the tree line and I could 
feel my body cool in the late afternoon except where his body rested on 
mine or where his tongue licked at my sweat. And I could feel the cum 
dry stickily in my ass crack. And nothing mattered but love and sex, 
that hard cock only now beginning to go soft as we held one another.

The next night my parents and aunt and uncle took the younger kids to 
see a movie and go to the ice-cream parlor. They asked me if I wanted 
to go, but I looked at Bert and saw him signal "no" with his eyes.

"We'll just stay home and play some cards, O.K.?"

"Yeah, I'm kinda tired. It's O.K. if I just stay home with Bert, huh?"

Our parents saw nothing wrong with the arrangement and I was in heaven! 
At least until Sarah, my cousin, said she wanted to stay home too.

I looked at Bert, but he shrugged, smiled and looked away. Great, I 
thought, now we've got a damn chaperone!

After out parents let with the younger ones, we got out the card table 
and set it up in front of the t.v. There was a movie on about World War 
II. Bert shuffled the cards and began to deal. Sarah disappeared into 
her room, and I thought this might turn out all right after all.

"What do you wanta play, honey?" Bert asked. It was the first time he'd 
called me that and I felt all warm and loose inside suddenly. If only 
Sarah hadn't stayed home!

"How 'bout hearts?" I said, blushing. He reached over and held my hand.

Just then Sarah came back into the room. "Caught you!" she screamed and 
laughed. I pulled my hand back quickly.

"I know you're lovebirds," Sarah teased. "K-I-S-S-I-N-G," she sang out. 
"Too bad for you tonight! I just called some friends to come over," 
Sarah said and winked at Bert. "The whole gang's coming! Ha!"

I felt very disappointed. Here I thought Bert and I were going to be 
alone all evening, but now I come to find out the house will be full of 
Sarahs' friends. No chance for Bert and me tonight, I thought. I got up 
and started toward the room I shared with Sarah.

"Hey, Where you going?" Bert asked.

"Oh, I'm tired. I think I'll lie down for awhile," I said.

As I walked down the hall toward the room, I heard Bert say, "Fuck this 
movie!" And I hear him get up and walk away.

Well, that's it, I thought as I lay down on the bed. I dozed off into a 
disappointed half-dream state.

I woke up hearing the sound of a bunch of guys and girls in the next 
room. I could hear the t.v. and the sound of glasses. "So, they're 
going to have a party," I thought. I rolled onto my side and tried to 
fall back to sleep. The room was dark and I was very sad. "Bert's 
probably even got a girl friend out there now," I thought.

I feel back into a half sleeping state but was wakened up when I heard 
the door open. "Suzi? Are you awake?" It was Sarah.

"No." I said, hoping she'd go away.

"Suzi? Please come out and join the party. You'll have fun."

I just lay there.

"Bert wants you to come out," she said half tenderly, half in a 
singsong mocking tone.

"Oh, O.K." I pulled myself up and walked into the next room.




Chapter 3

There were about five girls and two guys besides Bert and Sarah. The 
girls looked to be about my age, that is all 12 or 13, but the boys 
looked like Bert's friends. I was surprised. Everyone was watching the 
t.v. Where I come from, nobody watches t.v. at a party except nerds. I 
was about ready to laugh when I happened to look at the set. There on 
the screen was a naked woman on all fours on a bed while a man fucked 
her from behind. I gasped out loud. I'd never seen anything like it.

"Hey, Suzi! Sweet Sue," Bert said when he saw me. "Come on o'er here. 
Hey, guys, meet sweet Sue . . . and I outta know." And he winked at me.

I was flustered and shocked, but managed to mutter hello to those who 
greeted me.

The three guys sat on the couch and three girls were on the floor in 
front of the t.v. One girl, a beautiful redhead with long legs sat in 
the easy chair. Her tits were already fairly well developed and she 
wore a bra. Sarah had left me standing there and went into the kitchen 
and began talking to a blond.

I wanted to get away from what I saw on the screen -- where a naked man 
was fucking a naked woman from behind with long, sure strokes --so I 
walked into the kitchen, pretending to be interested in what Sarah and 
the blond were talking about.

"But if we fill 'em back up with water they'll never know. Not if we do 
it right," the blond was saying.

"Gosh. I don't want to get caught, though," Sarah said.

"Don't worry. Leave it to me."

"Hey, Suzi, where'd you go?" Bert yelled from the living room. "Get in 
here. I want you to see something."

I didn't know what to do but I knew I loved Bert and his request was so 
strong I just had to go back into the living room.

"Come here, honey. Sit between me and Steve."

I walked over and Steve, a handsome blond, moved over on the couch. As 
soon as I sat down, Bert's arm was over my back and his hand rested on 
my shoulder which he squeezed in a brotherly sort of way. I melted 
toward him while I was still afraid. I think I was shaking some at the 
time, too.

"Look at that," he pointed to the screen. The naked lady was now on her 
back, and as the man kept fucking her, her legs went over his butt, her 
ankles locked and she bent her knees abruptly, pulling him further in. 
I then noticed the sounds, or rather shouts, from the two on the 
screen. The lady's face was thrown back, a sheen of sweat covered her 
face, eyes shut in sweat ecstasy. He was belching deep animal grunts, 
she was screeching and humping wildly.

The redhead in the chair was transfixed by the screen and was 
absentmindedly rubbing her thigh below her shorts. Two of the girls on 
the floor were shivering and I began trembling harder. I couldn't 
control myself. It was too much, too fast. I felt like I was going to 
be sick, but I was really just sick in lust and fear and . . .

"God!" said Steve, "Look at 'em go." And he self-consciously rearranged 
the position of his hard-on in his trousers. "Jesus! Look at that."

I turned back to the screen only to see a close-up of the big dick 
parting puffed pussy lips on the screen. The thick cock would pull all 
the way out sometimes, and when I saw the fat red head bobbing around 
trying to find its way back in I fell as though I would pee my pants 
and vomit at the same time, although I had to do neither of these 
things. All I could imagine is having that fat cock with its jolly red 
head poking around my young cunt trying to find its way in between my 
tender lips.

Jesus, I was getting horny. I could only breathe in short sips and 
didn't seem able to catch my breath. My shivering came in spasms. I 
kept hoping that I'd put a sweater on, but I knew that a sweater 
wouldn't have helped. I wasn't cold, although it felt that way. I 
hugged myself trying to make it stop, but only seemed to quake harder. 
I tried to look down at the rug but kept looking back up at the screen, 
then over at the redhead, who began moaning softly. Her hands were now 
rubbing her upper thighs below and above the line of her shorts. Then 
she tentatively began to rub her chest outside her blouse, then back 
over her thighs, parting her legs and moaning louder. I was 
uncontrollably quaking as with a major fever by this time.

"Goddamn!" Steve said. "I didn't know it would have that effect on Red. 
Jesus, Red, you're beautiful when you get like that. Let me help you."

And Steve went over to the chair and knelt in front of the redhead, who 
suddenly looked slightly embarrassed, but continued rubbing her thighs 
and tits. Steve pushed her legs apart and knelt between them on the 
floor. He, too, began to rub her upper thighs, then over her knees and 
calves, and up the under side of her lower thighs while he rubbed his 
face along her thighs, pushing his head, eventually, up into her lap. 
He shoved his chin into where her upper pussy must have been beneath 
her shorts, and she pushed out against him and squirmed all over in the 
chair. All this time she kept caressing her breasts while running her 
fingers through his hair. Gradually her right hand slipped under her 
blouse and, I could tell, beneath her bra squeezing her right tit.

At the same time, Bert was rubbing my legs and one of the girls on the 
floor had come up to sit next to me, but she pulled her legs up to her 
chest and hugged them, shivering. The other boy on the sofa held her in 
his arms in a friendly sort of way as though he was trying to warm her 
up.

But we were all warm enough already as we watched the two on the screen 
fucking and occasionally watched Steve and the redhead who now had her 
long legs over his shoulders moving back and forth and he caressed 
them.

Suddenly the man on the screen grunted even louder and pulled his cock 
from the woman's cunt and began to shoot his cum all over her belly. 
She pushed against him and squirmed all around, rubbing the cum all 
over her tummy and onto her hard tits.

"Godamn!" Two or three of us said in unison. When I looked back at the 
redhead, Steve was slowly pulling down her shorts. Her long, soft legs 
were pushed out straight in order that he could get them down. When 
they reached her tennis shoes, he stopped, untied her shoes with 
shaking fingers. This took an agonizingly long time and I was shivering 
uncontrollably as he finally pulled them off, caressed her feet and 
pulled off her shorts. Then he reached for her pretty white panties 
which he pulled off quickly.

"Goddam!" Said Bert. "Look at that pretty red cunt."

I was amazed at how beautiful Red looked. Her young teenage cunt was 
graced with a fine coating of light red pubic hair. It looked even 
finer than my light blond pussy hair and I felt like I wanted to touch 
it. The light hair glistened invitingly in the soft light. But I didn't 
have long to admire her since Steve shoved his face back into her lap 
after pulling her white cotton panties over her long legs and off her 
feet. From what I had learned the other day, I know he was probably 
tonguing her. Her legs came back over his shoulders and she scooted 
back down in the chair to give him better access.

"Wait a minute!" Bert said. He got up, walked over, and started 
unbuttoning Red's blouse.

Her eyes opened in sudden fright and recognition, but Steve must have 
been working wonders on her because she slowly closed her eyes again 
with an almost catlike purr and shoved against his tongue, moaning, 
"Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. God."

Just then Sarah bounced back into the room with a tray of filled 
glasses. "Hey, why are you guys all so quiet."

When she looked over where we were now all looking and saw Steve and 
the redhead, all she said was, "Oh. Goodie."

She set down the tray and went over and helped Bert take off Red's 
blouse and bra--which wasn't easy since she was squirming all over in 
the chair and since she had slid down till her naked butt was at the 
edge.

"Come on, guys. Look at this!" Sarah beckoned.

We all timidly came forward to stand around the chair. I didn't want 
to, but I didn't want to be left out either. Besides, I was mucho horny 
by this time and even occasionally rubbed myself outside my shorts.

Now I could see Steve's tongue working its wonders in the cute 
redhead's cunt and, occasionally, licking down her behind while 
plunging two fingers in her. I could also see her beautiful tits. And 
when I say "beautiful," I mean "beautiful." They were simply lovely. 
Soft and large (it seemed to me then) and heaving under the soft glow 
of the light. The pink nipples puckered out as though they were proud 
little men waiting to be kissed. Bert must have seen the same thing, 
because he sucked one into his mouth, then licked all around her tit.

I was jealous. But horny too. I shoved my cunt into the chair back and 
pushed and rubbed. A couple of the other girls seemed to be doing the 
same thing.

Then I looked up in shock to see Sarah and one of the other guys 
standing in the middle of the floor squirming against each other while 
he pulled down her shorts and panties and she unbuttoned his shirt. 
Things were getting weird! And I was scared. I wanted to get fucked, 
right then and there. I didn't care by who, though I preferred Bert or 
(I hate to say it) the man on the screen with his fat dick capped with 
its bobbing red head. But I would have taken on any of the guys at that 
point. Or maybe any of the girls. But I was also scared and wanted just 
to go back to bed and curl up under the covers. I thought if I did 
maybe this shaking would go away. Maybe I could stop all this lust and 
fear and humiliation. Maybe I could stop it now, because I knew if I 
didn't I was trapped for life in an endless cycle of lust and 
fulfillment and fear and sex and love and cunt and cock and . . .

It was a close place and I knew it. And I looked down and saw my cunt 
pushing against the chair and my tummy heaving and peeking out from 
under my pullover, and I grabbed the bottom of the pullover and I 
pulled it up.

"All right, I'll go to hell," I said to myself as I pulled the top over 
my head baring my small breasts. And I felt two hands come around from 
behind me and grabbed my tits while someone shoved against me from 
behind.

It was a girl! I could see her hand with long nails and feel the soft 
hands caressing my nipples and tits and tummy as one hand snaked down 
over my shorts and squeezed my cunny from the outside. GOD I was 
fucking hot! I squirmed and moaned and let her turn me around and kiss 
me shoving her tongue into my mouth. It was the cute little brunette 
who had been sitting in front of the t.v.

Now we both shook uncontrollably as she grabbed my ass and shoved 
against me and then slid down kissing my neck and collarbone and the 
tops of my little tits then the nipples as she pulled my pants and 
panties down in one swift move and I stood there goddamn naked in front 
of everyone, fucking near to tears and vomit and pissing myself.

I realized that except for Sarah and her boyfriend (it that's what he 
was) and Steve and the redhead, everyone was looking straight at me. At 
my tits. At my ass. At my tummy. At my blond pussy. And I goddamn near 
cried, but I still shook with lust and fear, as I tried to cover 
myself.

"Relax," said Bert. "Don't hide that perfect little pussy. Let us look 
at you."

I closed my eyes and stood there, stepping out of my panties and shorts 
and letting the brunette take off my shoes as she felt up my smooth 
legs. I was shaking harder than I'd ever shaken before but the second I 
felt Bert's hand on my tit, I calmed down. I had been like a ship sweep 
away, rudderless in high seas, but the second his hand touched me, the 
seas were calm and my little boat was headed toward port. Or maybe I'm 
confusing my metaphors. Anyway, I calmed down real fast. That is, I was 
still afraid and shaking with lust and shame, but I no longer felt the 
vomit well up within me nor my bladder go queasy.

I could see, then, the brunette undressing before me as Bert stroked me 
from behind--my breasts, my thighs, my sides. I pushed back into him. 
God, she was beautiful, too. Not as stunning as the redhead, maybe, but 
short and sultry with a thick curling patch of cunt hair. I looked soft 
as a bird's wing, and I unconsciously leaned forward to stroke it as 
she stepped toward me and hugged me from in front. I could feel Bert 
reach around her now and pull us two tightly together. He grabbed her 
buns, stroking them, then pulled them toward me as he shoved against my 
buns from behind. Our naked cunts were touching!

I was shocked and embarrassed. I want to say something to her. Like 
"I'm sorry" as though we had bumped together in a bus. But I couldn't 
speak. My mouth was full of her tongue and my heart full of burning, 
jumping lust. She gently pulled me down toward the ground and Bert let 
go, but I resisted. Not only didn't I know what to do with another 
naked girl, but I was scared of my own passion and embarrassed to do 
anything while others watched. Yet the brunette insisted and I slowly 
fell to my knees where we both rubbed against each other while feeling 
each other up. God, her tits were ripe and hard poking into mine and 
her naked buns were firm under my hand as I poked and stroked and 
cupped them trying to pull her cunt into mine.

Gradually we fell to the floor where we rolled around, squirming our 
naked flesh against each other and touching each other everywhere. I 
mostly kept my eyes closed out of my embarrassment, but when I open 
them I saw Stave, now naked rubbing the brunette's back and buns as she 
was over me. His cock was hard and bobbing out in front of him. I 
wanted to touch it. I wanted to fuck it. Or swallow it. Or all three 
all at once, but the brunette was keeping me busy. I suddenly felt her 
fingers in my cunt squishing around and I circled my hips, pushing up 
as she pushed her face down across my body then started fucking my 
naked cunt with her tongue.

J E S U S !!!!!! I'd never, never, never, ever felt anything like it. I 
shoved my cunt against her face and moved it all around. I bucked and 
held her head, trying to get more of her tongue into me. I was 
shameless. Imagine, in front of all these guys and girls. I looked up 
and noticed that most of them were naked too and only a few watched us 
as they stroked each other or fucked. We bumped into Sarah and the 
other guy on the floor and they were fucking their brains out. I 
reached out and felt between Sarah's legs where the guy's cock was 
going in and out.

But then I noticed that the brunette was turning me around. Oh, her 
tongue was still in my wet little pussy, but she moved around while 
moving me, too. Soon her cunt was right above my face and her sweet 
legs were either side of my head. "What does she expect me to do," I 
wondered. But as I looked her soft black pussy in the eye, so to speak, 
I had the uncontrollable urge to touch it and stroke it and--I'm 
embarrassed to say--to lick it. So I grabbed her butt and pulled her 
down while shoving my head up between her legs. OH, GOD! I could smell 
that sweet pussy and it was good.

I rubbed my nose then my chin over her soft, puffy, teenage cunt then 
stuck my tongue in. "Well, if I'm going to Hell, " I thought, "I might 
as well go whole hog!" And I licked and licked and pulled her tight 
against me and shoved my little soft titties into her stomach and 
squirmed against her, and we licked each other and made wet girlie love 
till our bodies glistened with light on the living room floor then I 
could tell that the brunette wanted me to roll over on top of her and 
we managed to roll over, squirming against each other, without taking 
our tongues out of each other's tails, mashing our cunts into each 
others faces, when suddenly I felt someone's hot dick pushing up 
against my cunt as well as the brunette's tongue and I pushed back, 
slowly and tentatively (but, boy, was I hot!) against it, feeling it as 
it began to enter me, and I could feel the head pop in and it felt so 
fucking big I didn't know what was next, heaven or hell, but I shoved 
back and the cock shove a bit further in and I could feel each hot rib 
and vein, each bump of the fat cock as it pushed past my pussy lips and 
into the opening of my channel, and It felt like trying to shove a hot 
turkey neck down someone's throat as it entered me so fucking slowly 
and filling me up so I thought I'd simply DIE, while the brunette kept 
lapping at me, and squirming under me, her ripe little tits moving, and 
I could feel the guy now wrap one of his hands around my waist and the 
other grabbed one of my tits (and boy! did THAT feel good!), and he 
pulled into me harder and harder, thrusting his hot cock into me every 
meaty vein bumping me from the inside and making me clamp down and 
squeeze him like I was trying to stop the flow of piss, then his face 
came next to mine and I saw it was Steve, the hot blond guy who'd 
tongues the beautiful redhead, and I tried to lick his face as if I was 
a puppy getting it for the first time, but I kept at the brunette's 
cunt too, and I could feel her shudder beneath me, shaking and quaking 
and screaming as I fucked her faster with my tongue and Steve grabbed 
my tits, fucking into me and bit down ever so softly on my ear and 
JESUS! it was great just it was like in the dry heaves only without 
having to puke, just the heaves of love and cock and sweat and cunt, I 
guess, slicking the brunette's juices all over my face, shoving my 
chin, now my nose, now my tongue again into her cunt, still ashamed but 
loving it, loving every fucking second and every fucking inch and every 
knob and ridge of Steve's cock as he slammed into me like we were going 
over a goddam waterfall and everything, the whole room rocking, bumping 
into naked people, me still ashamed but fucking sucking slick in the 
hot love of tit and cunt and the big veiny meat cock going in and out 
and I looked and saw the redhead, buck naked on the floor beside us on 
her back and Bert kneeling between her knees and slowly he fucked that 
cock I love so much into her and she must'a been damn tight cause she 
had to squirm like a wild duck to get it in, there thrashing beside us 
as Bert pulled back then fucked her some more and with Steve in my tail 
I felt like I could feel Bert's cock in me too, and I reached out and 
grabbed the redhead's hand and she looked as me and between her 
groaning and sweating she smiled and squeezed my hand like we were now 
sisters in the art of fuck and I was so damn happy and proud (but still 
quite ashamed) I burst all over as I felt Steve chunk a load of hot 
teenage sperm deeping into my pearly insides and I was STEWED, 
dadgummed it, like a marshmallow over the fucking fire melting and 
burning all over everyone and everything, the brunette squirming and 
thrashing beneath me, and I could feel her titties all over my tummy, 
she was still licking me and I could tell her damn burst just then, 
too, because she fucking near bucked me into the next room and thrashed 
for what seemed like fourteen minutes as I grabbed onto her buns and 
kept sucking her and taking Steve's hot, cum-slick cock up my cunt, it 
dripping all over the brunette's face as she kept her tongue wagging in 
me like a munchkin, before we all collapsed and just kept softly 
thrusting and humping and whimpering and moving so we could feel the 
absolute most of each others skin and cocks and cunts and tits and 
little buns, and in some back room of my mind I could hear the redhead 
screaming for what sounded like the longest time as she came and 
thrashed up into Bert's cock, but it seemed all slow motion to me as I 
struggled to half open my eyes, the brunette still softly licking, then 
what seemed like hours later we could feel them roll into us and we 
kept humping and kissing cunts and tummies a little like Christmas 
afternoon after all the packages are unwrapped but you get to look at 
all your stuff and feel and play with it, and we stroked them and they 
stoked us, occasionally pinching a tit or squeezing an butt, and it 
felt like we were all in cotton balls all over us so soft and foggy and 
warm, but still Steve's hard dog up my tail, now softening a bit, and, 
gosh, it was fun, and we lay still.

Just then I noticed that I had quit shaking some time ago.




Chapter 4

My life had turned into a heaven of love and sex, sex and love. The 
night of the party I slept like a blistered log in a fireplace. That 
is, I tossed and turned in the sweet agony of sex all night, dripping 
and stewing in my juices. Once, I felt Sarah's little hand on my slick 
pussy, but we were both too tired (and I was too confused) to do 
anything. Sarah had fucked two guys that night and I had fucked Steve 
and the brunette.
I WAS IN LOVE!

Yes, I was in love with love. In love with Bert. With the brunette. 
With Steve and Steve's ripe, ridged cock. And, BOY!, with the redhead. 
I had watched her climax and held her hand, and now all I could do was 
think of her. Well, of her and Bert. And . . . Well, and everything, I 
guess. I was at it and I was going whole hog. I had decided to stay the 
course.

Yet I still hoped, secretly, that my desires would stop with the 
summer. That I'd never drag my slut self home from Maine. Little did I 
know that my glands would know NO containment. Never again was I able . 
. .

But the story of that summer is not yet over. NOT BY A LONG SHOT! Or, I 
should say, a long squirt.

For two days I wandered as in a sexual dream. I was hooked and I knew 
it. But this was one fish that didn't want to spit the hook. Besides, 
it was set firmly in my jaw. And I mentally thrashed and squirmed in 
the agony of it. LOVE. And SEX. COCK. And CUNT. Not to mention BALLS, 
BUTTS, TITTIES, CALVES, TUMMIES, etc.

Love. Sweet and savory. I couldn't (and still can't) at times think of 
much else. When my motor gets warm -- and sometimes it takes just the 
sight of a pair of tight buns to warm it -- I can think of nothing 
else. I've been known to go for days, if not sexually satisfied, 
thinking and swooning in thoughts of sex. Once I get turned on, in 
other words, there's only one way to turn me off. And that is, of 
course, to HAVE me. To fuck me right and proper. To belly slap with me. 
To tongue me and spank my ass. To shove a big dick up my cunt. To hold 
me and love me, naked in your arms.

Eight times in the following three days Bert took me on long walks in 
the woods and eight times we fucked our brains out. He would take me to 
the clearing and then have me strip naked. He would have me do it 
slowly, one article of clothes at a time. He would remain fully 
clothed. Then he would make me turn around and touch myself here or 
there. He'd make me feel up my little pink titties, or smooth my hand 
back and forth over my tummy, or finger my cunt while squeezing my 
tits. He'd be still dressed and the whole thing would make me feel so 
naked and naughty, especially when he'd have me turn around backward 
and bend over with a finger in my pussy. Sometimes he would feel me up 
as I stood there. He'd stick a finger in me and wag it around till I'd 
be squirming all over. Or he'd kiss my thighs and belly while grabbing 
my calves or squeezing my butt. He'd suck on my titties sometimes. Boy 
oh boy, was I hot!

Once he made me walk around for a half hour with just my tennis shoes 
and pullover on. GOD! I felt so naughty and naked. Then he had me pull 
my pullover up so it covered my face and he came and felt me up all 
over while my arms were straight up in the air and my face covered. As 
he played with my cunt, squeezing it softly like a furred tennis ball, 
he said, "Just like a peach! A ripe, tender peach, with soft cheeks." 
And he stuck a finger in. I squirmed like a bitch, but he pulled away 
and just made me stand there like that as he smoothed my stomach and 
squeezed my naked butt.

After he'd play with me, sometimes for up to an hour, he'd strip down 
and make me suck his cock. He really taught me how. I know I'd done it 
before. By instinct. But Bert gave me technique. He'd lay down and have 
me wrap my right hand around his cock and squeeze it and rub it up and 
down until it felt like a it was ready to break. Then he'd have me 
shove it into one of my little tits where he'd rub it all around. After 
that he'd have me curl my little lips around the head and gently swirl 
my tongue all around and over the pee hole, but especially right under 
the head as I'd let him go further and further in my mouth, still 
gently pumping with my hand. GOD, I loved it. I was usually leaking by 
this time and would rub my cunny on his lower leg up and down and 
around and around, my belly pressing into his knee, etc. And right 
before he's start to cum, I would start rubbing his flat stomach with 
my other hand and stroking him harder while bringing my tongue up and 
down and up and down the soft, secret underside of his cock bulging 
with cum, my mouth going up and down as far as I could, then I'd clamp 
those lips around his cock and hang the fuck on cause he'd try to buck 
me off as he would pump spurt after hot spurt of pure teenaged cum into 
my mouth.

But this was never enough for Bert. Hell no! He then turn me over and 
fuck me there in the grass, his still hard cock pushing through my 
little pink cunny lips, and grabbing my titties from behind. Or he'd 
take me "straight" (as I called it then and now), with his chest on 
mine and my legs thrashing all around, then up over his naked butt and 
clamped about his waist.

A few times as we fucked I thought him and the redhead, about the time 
I watched him fuck the beautiful redhead and how we held hands and all. 
And once I felt like I was the redhead. I mean, I could even imagine 
her face being mine, so I'd not be surprised if I would have seen her 
if I'd look in the mirror. And I thought her cunt was mine. And her 
ripe breasts. And, shy as I was, I would rub myself, my tits and cunt, 
while Bert fucked me.

Bert seemed to like this.

After the seventh time, as we lay there in the grass, Bert said, 
"Steve's coming over this afternoon. I want you to come out here with 
both of us."

"No, Bert. I can't believe you'd ask me to do that," but even as I 
answered I thought of Steve and his hard cock and I knew I wanted 
fucked again by him. I started trembling softly there in the grass.

"Listen, Suzi. I like fucking you and I think you know you're someone 
special to me. If you want to keep on seeing me and having sex fun, 
you'd better be ready to come out here at about this afternoon! Be 
ready about one." And he left me laying there shaking on the soft grass 
as he dressed and ran back to the house.

I went back and cleaned up and ate lunch and changed clothes. I put on 
my tightest white shorts over plain cotton panties and wore a yellow 
pullover which accented my blond hair. Still, a part of me was too 
embarrassed to want to go and get naked in front of two boys, even if 
they were such hunks. But all through lunch I could only think of both 
Steven and Bert naked, their hard cocks sticking far out from their 
bellies. I squirmed all over my chair and found I was shaking again. I 
almost choked on my baloney. Getting dressed was also frustrating. I 
wanted to fuck myself right there as I slipped my cotton panties up my 
tanned legs and over my pouting cunt. JESUS! Each item of cloths felt 
like a boy's hands all over me. I keep shaking and hugging myself. I 
felt like I was going to fly apart with lust and fear and shame. I knew 
what was coming, and I dreaded it and lusted after it at the same time. 
I was a shameless slut but wanted to be a good girl with a good 
reputation and live the all American life. If only I could do that and 
be fucked every minute of my life . . .

Steve and Bert were in the front room when I came down. I couldn't look 
Steve in the face, but I mumbled hello and walked outside with them and 
down the path into the woods. The boys walked ahead, and this gave me a 
good opportunity to look over Steve's hot buns inside his tight jeans 
and notice both boys' muscular builds. Bert was dark and handsome in a 
brooding, aristocratic way. Steve was blond and handsome in a little 
boy way. Both were hunks! And I couldn't wait. But, at the same time, I 
was terribly ashamed.

Bert and Steve sat down and lit cigarettes when we got to the clearing. 
I went over to Bert's side and began to sit, but he said, "No. You keep 
standing. Over there. In front of us."

"Now, turn around," he instructed. "Slowly."

And I did. Wearing the white shorts and pullover in front of these tow 
guys who were looking me all over made me feel terribly ashamed and, 
even, naked. My shaking increased and I tried to hug myself with my 
arms to make it stop.

"NO!" Bert shouted. "Hands to your side. Just keep turning till I tell 
you to stop."

The boys smoked and I turned and shook.

"Okay, Suzi, unsnap your shorts."

"No, Bert. Don't make me do that." I couldn't even look at Steve.

"Do as I say, Suzi. It'll be O.K. Trust me." His voice was soft but 
firm.

I reached with both hands and unsnapped them. My fingers were shaking 
pretty bad.

"Now let them fall down your legs."

"Oh, God, Bert! Please?" I looked at him, pleading with all my might.

"Do as I say," his voice was soft, but firm. I let the shorts slide 
slowly don my tanned legs. I was shaking and on the verge of tears.

"Now pull down those sweet undies, lil' Sue."

I was too far gone now to stop, I mean even if I'd wanted to, but I 
didn't. I hooked my thumbs on either side and bent down, slowly pulling 
down my underpants. I knew Bert liked me to do this real slow, so I did 
it slow this time, stopping at my knees a moment.

"Freeze!" Bert said.

I knew this game, too. I was half bent over, my naked butt slightly 
sticking out, my panties around my knees, my blond pussy mostly hid 
between the valley of my closed thighs, a few blond wisps of hair 
sticking out.

"Now, let go of your panties and caress your thighs."

I couldn't look at the boys so I closed my eyes as my shaking hand 
stroked my upper thighs. GOD! I was getting into it. I felt so naked 
and HOT rubbing myself before these two hunks! Gradually I let a hand 
rub my buns as the other came around in front and cupped (very softly) 
my cunt, and slowly rubbed until I realized what I was doing and 
quickly let that hand come up under my pullover and rub my stomach.

"Goddamn! Look at her!" I heard Steve say. "She's great! What a hot 
pussy!"

When I heard that I started visibly shaking with lust and shame and I 
stopped rubbing myself except letting my hands caress my upper thighs 
like I was putting on sun lotion or something.

"Now pull up your top," Steve said.

"Oh!" was all I could manage as I reached down and grabbed the bottom 
of my pullover with my hand crossed and pulled it slowly (I knew how 
Bert liked it!) up over my pert, little breasts with their ripe nipples 
(I cold feel it rub over them then the rush of warm air as they were 
exposed to the hungry view of Bert and Steve), then up exposing my 
armpits and covering my face until my arm were straight over my head, 
then . . .

"Freeze!"

And I stopped. NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER have I felt SO NAKED. 
There I was, titties, tummy, cunt, and legs exposed out in the open in 
front of two fully dressed boys! My yellow pullover was over my face, 
my arms were straight up in the air, my white panties were bound around 
my knees, and my shorts were in a pool at my feet around my sneakers. 
GOD! I was embarrassed and uncontrollably horny! I was now shaking so 
that all could see and probably covered with goose bumps of 
anticipation (I couldn't see, but it sure felt like it!) But I had to 
stand still with my arms tight in the pullover and my whole body, 
almost, exposed.

"Just stay still, Suzi. I'm going to touch you now. Don't be scared. 
It's just Steve and me."

I felt a hand on my right tit that squeezed a bit and rubbed me. Then I 
felt lips on my tummy and two hands grabbing my ass and gently 
squeezing. I couldn't stop shaking but I pushed my belly out against 
the lips and tried to push my butt back into the hands.

"Let's look at her first," I heard Bert say. And the hands and lips 
stopped.

"Look at these sweet titties. They're so little now, but they're ripe 
and juicy. I'll bet they'll get to be 32s by the time she grows up. You 
going to visit me then, Sue?"

All I could do was gulp, and nod, and keep on shaking. I felt two hands 
on my tits.

"They're so soft and young." It was Steve's voice, and probably Steve's 
tongue I felt licking a nipple tentatively.

"And look at those fucking legs! Jesus, they're so tan and smooth. And 
they really have power. You should feel her wrap them around you. She 
can really squeeze with 'em."

And I felt their hands all over my legs and calves, squeezing and 
rubbing and caressing up and down, and up and down and over and around 
then a pair of lips, two pair of lips and a tongue kissing and feeling 
and licking my tanned, teenage legs. God, I rubbed them together trying 
to get off with my cunt, but I only managed to get hotter and hotter, 
not to mentioned more ashamed.

"Now come around here and look at her sweet butt!"

Both sets of hands and lips left me and I felt disappointed 
momentarily. I could hear them move around behind me and kneel down. I 
kept rubbing my legs together slightly, hoping no one would notice.

"Whoooaa. Slow down. Easy, girl," Bert spoke to me as if I was a horse. 
"You'll get there soon enough. Just stay still and do what I tell you."

I was terribly embarrassed that he noticed that I was trying to 
masturbate with my legs but I was also terribly horny and frustrated 
and feeling naked as fuck in front of two guys I couldn't even see. My 
arms weren't tired, but I sure wanted my fingers somewhere else than 
way up in the air holding my pullover up and over my face.

I felt one set of ands on my hips from behind.

"Look at that sweet ass! Goddamn! She's going to be one beautiful 
woman."

I couldn't help but blush at such flattery. I also pushed back against 
the hands slightly, probably exposing more of my butt crack and maybe 
asshole than I wanted too.

The hands caressed their way down my thighs and came up under my buns, 
holding one in each hand.

"Look at 'em. So tight. I mean, she's really packed IN THERE! Wouldn't 
you love to spank them, Steve?"

"Fuckin' A!"

"Look at that one little mole. It's so lovely there all alone."

And I could feel someone kiss a very small spot as he rubbed both buns 
then around my legs and thighs in front, keeping his distance from my 
dripping, little pussy.

I shoved my butt back in whoever's face was kissing me and rubbed it 
across his face, trying to get his nose to slip deep into my crack. 
JESUS! I didn't know what I wanted. Probably for him to tongue my cunt 
from behind. I don't know. Something.

"Whoooaa, Steve! Plenty of time, lad. Let's look at this sweet cunt, 
first, then I'll let you two alone for awhile."

I heard what he said and I was scared. I know that Steve had already 
fucked the daylights out of me, but that was different. That just 
happened and then there were plenty of people around. NOW it was 
planned. Bert had probably planned to get me out here and get me naked 
with him and Steve all along and then planned to let me stay here with 
Steve. I really felt vulnerable, now. I'd be almost stark naked in 
front of a nearly total stranger! What was I going to do? I was choking 
and shaking with lust, but I was scared as shit and embarrassed that 
I'd let them get me here like this. The air seemed to get real cool all 
of a sudden, but I could tell that it was me, not the air cause I could 
see that the sun was still out.

There were no hands on me and I cold hear them arrange themselves in 
front of me on their knees, probably.

"Open up a little bit, Sue. Open your knees," Bert said.

My panties, having slipped during all the feeling and kissing, were 
around my calves now so I could open my knees a bit, but not too much.

"Hell, let's get rid of these."

And I felt both guys pull down my panties while feeling up my smooth 
legs some more. They steadied me so they could pull both legs off my 
feet and got the shorts out as well. Then I felt them untie my sneakers 
and pull them one at a time off my feet. Occasionally one would stroke 
my legs or kiss my thighs, or lick my hip, as the other one would be 
undressing me.

"Now. Spread 'em, bitch," Bert said playfully.

I was shaking now harder than ever, but managed to put my feet about 
two feet apart so my pussy was totally exposed. I tried to bend forward 
and shove my butt just a bit back so they couldn't see so much of me, 
but I felt Bert's hands on my ass as he pushed forward.

"NO. No," he said. "We're going to see what we can see. Don't fight it, 
baby."

I could feel his other hand on my pussy.

"Now look at these ripe little cheeks. Pussy cheeks. Like they're 
pouting or something. Looks like two halves of a peach, don't it?"

"Oh, yeah. And she's got peach fuzz too. Pretty blond pussy."

"Look at the tender lips! So soft and juicy. Look at them puff out and 
pooch out."

I could feel a finger going over and over my pussy lips.

"Don't they look just so sweet?"

"Yeah, man. They sure do," Steve replied. "Let me taste."

And I felt a tongue on my pussy lips and almost jumped outta my skin. I 
was uncontrollably shaking and so fucking hot I shoved my pussy against 
the lips, but they left my pussy and traveled up my tummy to my tits as 
a finger shoved its way into my cunt.

I humped against it, swirling it around inside me. Trying to cum and 
cum and cum. But the finger left my cunt and mouth left my titties.

"Well, I'm going to leave you two alone for awhile. Suzi?"

"Yes?" I answered, muffled as much by my fear and lust as by the 
pullover which still obstructed my sight.

"I want you to do everything Steve says. Got that?"

"Uh, huh," I nodded. "But why can't you and I just. . ."

"Shut up! If you don't mind Steve, he'll punish you. I told him what to 
do and he'll do it. Got that?"

"Boy, I sure do," I heard Steve say.

I asked you if you got that!" Steve yelled at me.

"Yes, Steve. I understand," I said. I was softly crying now. Partly due 
to Steve's having to yell at me and partly from my embarrassment.

"Bye, now."

And I could hear him walk away.

"Oh, Suzi. You can take off your shirt and let your hands down," Steve 
instructed.

I did as he said and then tried to cover up with the pullover, putting 
it over my cunt.

"Oh, no you don't. Drop it and come here."

I was still crying a bit and shaking a lot. But I want over to him 
where he sat on a low stump. He motioned me to kneel down between his 
knees and I complied.

"I hear you've learned how to suck cock real good. Is that right?"

I closed my eyes, still crying, and nodded. I wished I was a thousand 
miles away. But not until I was satisfied.

Steve stood up. "Pull down my pants and suck my cock."

My hands fumbled with his belt. I was never very good at taking off a 
belt backward, but I managed to free it and then I unzipped his pants, 
my hand pushing past the beautiful bulge. I grabbed the jeans and his 
underwear from the top and started pulling them down. I only got a few 
inches and I stopped. I just couldn't go further. I was too 
embarrassed.

"Let's go, bitch." And he slapped me. Not hard, but enough to surprise 
me and to really make me start crying. I was fumbling with his jeans 
and shorts, pulling them down, and crying like a baby. Even when I saw 
his hard cock poking out (and BOY I wanted to grab it and stuff it into 
me after licking it and sucking him off), I kept crying, tears running 
down over my cheeks and the sun shining in my face, and a big cock 
before me.

"Come on!" And I pulled his shoes off and his jeans and shorts over his 
feet. "Now show me your stuff, Suzi. Suck me, and do it good!"

"Please, no. I don't want to. Please."

"Shut up and suck it. You know you want it, now suck!"

"No, I don't want to," I lied. I just want to go home and go to bed." I 
was crying and shaking uncontrollably now.

"You're going to suck or you're going to suck," Steve slapped me again, 
harder than the last time.

I just knelt there, crying.

"Okay, bitch. You're going to get a spanking! Right NOW. Young lady, 
lay over my lap. Right the fuck now!"

He slapped me again and sat down. I was really scared now, and I 
remember what I'd said to Bert. "I'll suck you. I'm sorry," I cried.

"TOO THE FUCK LATE. NOW GET YOUR ASS HERE!" Steve was really angry and 
slapped me again, real hard. I could feel the tears splash off of my 
cheek.

Meekly, I stood and lay over his lap. I could feel his hard cock shoved 
in my tummy and he seemed to push against me, rubbing his cock into my 
belly. His right hand, over my ass, began to squeeze, not too hard, but 
enough that I knew he meant business. His left hand held my back down 
over his lap as he poked his cock into my stomach.

Soon I felt his right hand raise up and come down, SMACK, onto my left 
cheek. I was crying, again, and harder. The pain wasn't so bad, but the 
humiliation was very real. His hand raised and fell, smack me over and 
over. After about the fifteenth slap, I started to feel REAL strange. I 
was still crying, but now I was hot as the devil. GODDAMN! I started 
squirming all around in his lap, and even reached down and started 
squeezing and gently pumping his hard dick, shoving it all over my 
tummy as he spanked and spanked and spanked me. I cried and pumped. 
Pretty soon, I felt his hand leave my back and start feeling up my 
little titties as he kept spanking me. I LOVED IT! He was slapping my 
ass and squeezing my titties and shoving a finger in my mouth, and I 
was pumping his precious cock, the cock I loved so much the other night 
and still loved now. I kept crying, now out of lust, and didn't even 
really notice when he stopped spanking me and started feeling up my 
naked ass and feeling my pussy from behind and sticking a finger in me. 
I was rubbing all over him and trying to get him to cum on my tits or 
belly and he finger fucked me. We were HOT AS SHIT! And we both knew 
it.

Suddenly he seemed to snap out of it. I felt his finger stop in my 
pussy and his other hand stop. I tried to get him going again by 
squirming all over him and jerking on his cock, but he wasn't budging. 
Then he stood up, and I fell on my back on the ground.

"I said, SUCK MY COCK!"

God his cock, ridged and deeply veined, looked beautiful and obscene at 
the same time. It pointed up into the air bursting with life. As he 
stood there, framed by the few soft clouds, his cock pointing to the 
blue heavens, it felt like the world fell out beneath me. There was the 
rod and the staff of life, and here was I, worshipping before it. I 
stopped crying, and as he sat down on the stump, I picked my self up, 
knelt before him and gently took hold of his magnificent cock and 
softly wrapped my lips around it, letting my little tongue caress the 
underside beneath the head. I let him slip deeper and deeper into my 
mouth, as I tried to keep the underside well stimulated with my 
swirling tongue, and the whole shaft excited by making my lips slide 
tightly over the ridges and bulges.

He started thrusting deeper and deeper into my small mouth, and I tried 
to keep up with him. I was horny as SHIT but I was trying to give him a 
good blow job before my needs were met. I wagged my ass in the air 
behind me, but could get no relief. I just kept sucking his beautiful 
godhead cock and feeling his legs and flat belly and bulging biceps as 
he fucked my mouth and, occasionally, felt my tits and pulled my head 
further into his lap, thrusting and rolling his cock around in my 
mouth.

Suddenly, I felt someone grab my hips, one hand on either side, and I 
could feel a cock push against my pussy lips from behind.

I was really scared. Who was it? I wondered. I couldn't see and when I 
went to look, Steve clamped his hand on my neck and shove his cock even 
deeper into my mouth.

The cock behind me got its head into my pussy even though I tried to 
clamp my legs from behind. Now I had had it. I couldn't stop. I had to 
have that cock in me from behind, and I had to feel Steve's cock 
thrusting into my mouth.

I pushed back and forth, getting the cock further and further into my 
tight, slippery cunt. Inch by agonizing inch the cock came deeper in. I 
could feel my pussy cheeks puff out as it shoved further and further, 
and I could feel the pussy lips dripping around the cock. Meanwhile I 
pumped on Steve with a hand and slurped his cock as he pumped into me 
and as the cock behind finally hit my depths and I squirmed against the 
man's belly behind me before he pulled back and started slowly trusting 
in and out with short strokes first then deeper and gradually deeper. I 
felt sure it was Bert, but the cock seemed a bit longer and a great 
deal thicker. But I was too hot to think very clearly.

I was getting it good from both ends now. Both cocks coordinating their 
thrusting so neither fell out, and both going the distance, as they 
say. The thrusting came harder and harder and, seemingly, deeper and 
deeper, plumbing my very depths and filling me in the sweet hell of 
fuck and suck. I thought about the redhead for a moment, and I was her 
in an ecstasy of confusion. And I also had a hard dick that I pushed 
into her from behind. And I also had a hard dick that she could suck. 
And I had two dicks, one to fuck her with and one to let her suck at 
the same time. And I came back to myself, and felt the hot cocks as 
they rolled in me like an ocean of snakes, and the man behind grabbed 
my hips and crushed my tits, and I was two seconds from REALLY BLOWING 
IT!

I loved it! I was squirming all around and I could feel both cocks were 
ready to explode in me. I was shaking my head as much as I could and 
keeping up with Steve when I saw, out of the corner of my eye someone 
else standing behind me, off to the side.

It was BERT! It wasn't his cock in my cunt. That fat, hard cock was 
someone else's! GOD! I wanted to scream. I want to run and hide. But I 
was also starting to shudder and cum and cum heavily, shaking all over 
and squirming my butt into the man behind. And Steve grabbed my neck so 
I couldn't turn anymore, and he shoved harder and quicker and deeper 
into me and I could feel his cock PULSE big like a mountain of cock, 
and he shoved a glob of sweet, hot cum into my mouth, and he kept 
thrusting, and the unseen man behind was thrusting and pumping, and his 
hot cum seem to jump inside, and he kept thrusting and humping, and I 
was CUMMING at the SAME time, jerking at the end of two fat, hot lines 
like a fish at opening day caught with two hooks, swallowed and gaffed, 
and Steve kept thrusting and pumping loads down my throat, and the man 
behind was grabbing my titties and squeezing them as he fucking came in 
me deeper and hotter and deeper than ever before, and Steve kept 
pumping, then pulled his dick out and squirted all over my face, and 
kept rubbing his cock around in the slick, hot cum, then shoving it 
back into my mouth for another pump, then out again, and I was shaking 
with an orgasm that hit me like a railroad train, as the man behind 
kept grunting and shoving more and more cum, now mauling my tits, and 
grabbing at my tummy, and shoving his hand over my cunt, and sticking a 
finger in and over my clit and he kept shooting hot load after hot load 
into me until I never thought any of this would EVER stop, and I didn't 
want it to, every cell in my body screaming for fuck and more and more 
and fuck, I was cumming like an airplane crash, as I felt the cocks go 
deep in again and then stay almost still except pulsing and pushed as 
far into me as possible, dripping out their last little strings of cum, 
I was shaking with an intense orgasm from the gods, blessed with a fuck 
from Olympus, the man behind kept rubbing my buns, my stomach, my tits, 
my cunt, still pulsing and Steve still throbbing in me, now the man 
caressing me gently and I could see Bert out of the corner of my eye 
come over to me with the yellow pullover in his hand, and he stroked my 
back and said something soothing like to a horse, I was crying with my 
orgasm that was only now subsiding, and I kept pushing back into the 
man and grabbing Steve's cock and trying to get it to go deepening in 
my throat, and Bert spread the pullover over my eyes so I couldn't see 
and tied it behind my head.

What a fuck! I was weak with it. I was a saint with it. I didn't care 
if I went blind with it. If could never see again.

And I felt Steve's cock slip out of my mouth and gently rub over my 
cheeks, and I kept licking at it. And the man behind, the man with the 
long, thick cock, finally pulled his so slowly out while I was trying 
to prolong the moment by shoving back into him and squirming against 
his hairy body, as he was feeling up my ass and back, and I could feel 
his cock fall out and a sudden rush of air over my cunt, the wound of 
my world, then he was wiping himself off on my ass cheeks, and rubbing 
his still hard dick up and down my crack from behind, once even poking 
it gently into the opening of my little asshole, just gently shoving, 
maybe the very tip got into the little ring there, then pulling back 
and rubbing it up and down, still feeling my little dripping cunt 
occasionally, or one of my tits, and I kept squirming and whimpering 
with the deity of fuck surrounding me, inside and out. And I felt 
abandoned in a world of sin and sorrow. Naked on my haunches, trying to 
get Steve's cock, still throbbing, but growing smaller, into my sweet 
little mouth.

And the man pulled back and way, and I could hear him whisper something 
to Bert, and Bert laughed and I could hear him putting on his pants or 
jeans and then zipping them up and walking away, out of the clearing. 
All the while I was still licking Steve and rubbing his cock over my 
face, and I put one hand in my tail and fingered myself back there.

God I was embarrassed. But I was fucked, too, and I knew then and 
forever which mattered more! If ever thereafter I had to choose between 
self respect and a hard cock, between dignity and dick, well . . . It 
would be NO CONTEST! I needed to be stuffed. And I needed it over and 
over again.

I was exhausted and fell down and lay in the grass. Steve lay beside me 
and caressed me tenderly from behind. I fell asleep with my tit in his 
hand, the pullover still tied behind my head.

We woke a few hour later, Steve's cock in my rump, but too pooped to 
pop up. He took off my blindfold, we kissed, dressed each other -- we 
took a long time doing this! -- and walked back to the house. It was 
getting dark.

Neither Bert nor Steve ever told me who was fucking me from behind that 
day, and I only asked once. To tell the truth, I didn't want to know. 
If I knew, I've be embarrassed when I would see him. That is, if I 
would ever see him. This way, I didn't even know if I ever ran into him 
or not. In fact, I didn't know who it was for over three years. Then I 
knew I bumped into him all the time. But I didn't know it then.

The next day, after a slow tender fuck in the clearing, Bert asked, 
"You wanta go to a formal dance with me?"

I blushed. Bert was asking me out on a formal date! I was thrilled.

"Sure, Bert. That'd be great. You sure you want to take me."

"Suzi, you're something special. I really get off on you. And in you," 
he laughed. "Afterward maybe you can join a club."

"What club?"

"Just a club. You know some guys and girls." And, as though in an 
afterthought, "We have a really good time."

"Bert," I choked. "I love you. I'll do anything you say." And he 
stroked my naked body and kissed me on the cheek. He was SO sweet.

"O.K. Dress up tonight. Borrow some clothes from Sarah. Make yourself 
real sharp. Pretend you're going to a prom, kiddo." He lit a cigarette 
and blew smoke over my tummy. Then rubbed me and kissed my tits, 
letting smoke escape between licks. "Yep, tonight after the dance you 
can join the Four-Leaf Club. Be ready by six. First we'll go out and 
eat. We'll double with Steve and his date." He stood up, "But maybe you 
better catch a nap before then. I think you're going to need your 
rest." He smiled. "Come on. Let's get back."

And he pulled me to him and kissed me long and hard as I melted in his 
arms.

I couldn't wait!




Chapter 5

That afternoon, after Bert had asked me to the formal dance, was an 
exciting haze of preparations, enthusiasm, and anticipation. Bert had 
asked me out! ME! I felt so grown up and adult. Like I was going on my 
first real date, if you don't count hand holding in a movie and kissing 
after you and some girls meet some boys at the theater or the mall.

Anyway, that was all I was used to. And though I'd gone to dance class, 
I'd never been to a formal dance except the one at the end of the 
class, and that doesn't really count.

Needless to say, I couldn't take a nap even if I'd wanted to, and I 
didn't.

After showering and setting my hair, etc. Sarah and I picked out a low-
cut, formal white dress for me to wear. It came down just over my 
knees. I also wore a pink bra, white high heels, white nylons held up 
with a red garters, pink panties, and a pink slip. BOY! Did I feel 
grown up. I looked in Sarah's full-length mirror and I thought I looked 
simply delicious! So big and sophisticated and yet sweet and innocent 
at the same time.

Sarah had already left with her date (she was also going to the dance) 
before Bert called down the hall to see if I was ready. BOY WAS I!

As I walked down the hall Bert gave a low whistle. "You look great!" he 
said. "Doesn't she, Dad? Doesn't she look marvelous?"

Uncle Bert set his paper down and said, "Yeah, she looks fine. Fine, 
indeed. Very pretty. So grown up, little niece. You look real nice."

I blushed at all the attention from these two as Bert pinned some 
flowers on my dress. We walked out and got into his 1954 Chevy. Well, 
really it was both his and his Dad's car. They had found it in 
someone's barn and spent over two years reconditioning it. Now it was 
in mint condition. Two-door, white over yellow. Bert had waxed it in 
the afternoon and it shone brightly in the late afternoon sun.

We drove over to Steve's house and picked him up. I sat between him and 
Bert as we went to pick up Steve's date, Julia. Steve was a perfect 
gentleman on the way over, but he did peck me lightly on my right cheek 
when he got in. The rest of the way over to Julia's house, he talked 
about how much he liked my dress and how grown up I looked. You know, 
nice talk. Real sweet.

Steve went in to get his date and I almost dropped a load when I saw 
who "Julia" was. SHE WAS THE REDHEAD! The beautiful redhead I'd seen in 
my dreams and in moments of fantasy. Julia. Now I had a name. I wish I 
was Julia. I wish I knew more about her. I wish I looked more like her. 
I wish my breasts were as developed as Julia's were.

I had to get out of the car for Steve and Julia to get in the back 
seat.

"Suzi, this is Julia. Julia Roberts. Julia, this is Suzi. I think 
you've already met once before," and Steve gave a sly little wink and 
grin, but he didn't dwell on it. Like I said, he was sweet.

Julia seemed to be very gracious and friendly. She smiled at me and 
said, "So very pleased to meet you, Suzi."

I mumbled some pleasantries in return. God! All I could do was stare at 
her. She was SO beautiful. She wore all pink except for black net 
stockings, but not the cheap kind with the big spaces. She was 
stunning. Her long white legs were clearly visible through the black 
mesh. The pink dress which didn't quite reach her knees accented her 
beautiful light red hair, and its low cut front allowed me to see just 
the beginning of her breasts, the white tops of those young, soft 
mounds. Her smile had a way of melting me on the spot. It was broad and 
sincere, and her even white teeth seemed to sparkle in the evening sun. 
God! She was beautiful.

As she bent to get into the car, I couldn't help but to try to look 
down her dress. I could see more of her beautiful tits, almost down to 
the pink nipples, I thought.

But then I realized that Bert, still behind the wheel, was watching me 
trying to peek. He looked at me and almost laughed out loud. But just 
winked, turned back in his seat, and restarted the car. I was deeply 
embarrassed. Now it was me, and not the guys, with all the dirty 
thoughts. I blushed and got in the car after Steve.

The dance was a dream. It was held at the local country club, and 
everyone was SO grown up and polite and friendly, even to me, an 
outsider. My dance card was all filled up after the first few dances 
with Bert, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The band was young and many 
had long hair, but they played well and played a lot of slow dances. 
The clubhouse ballroom had a mirrored globe which spread fragments of 
starry lights all over the room. It was VERY ROMANTIC! Bert and I had a 
number of dances together, and on the slow dances he would hold me 
close and tenderly. I was in love. I was had. I only hoped he felt the 
same about me. Steve was utterly a gentleman also, and I knew I was 
also VERY FOND of him.

The whole night I also kept my eye on Julia Roberts. We sat together at 
the table and she seemed to take a very friendly interest in me. I only 
wish my interest was just friendly. I seemed to be the only one with 
bad thoughts, and I tried to wipe them from my mind.

I would try to watch her dancing sometimes. I always wanted to know 
where she was. And sometimes, she would see me and smile back. I'd 
almost melt, and whoever I was dancing with would look at me strangely 
because I had pushed myself against him in those few moments. Then I'd 
catch myself, pull back, and try to put Julia out of my mind. But it 
wasn't easy. My eyes kept drifting back.

Once, at the table when we were both there between dances and Steve and 
Bert had gone for drinks, I saw her bend over her dance card and I 
raised up in my chair a bit to try to see more of her breasts. I just 
couldn't help myself, it seemed. AND GOD! I think I saw the top of her 
right nipple at the bottom of the cool, alabaster mound cupped in her 
dress. She happened to look up right then and I lowered myself quickly 
and turned away. I blushed. I was deeply embarrassed, but when I looked 
back at her, she just gave me a warm, friendly smile, that seemed 
pretty innocent even though it lasted a bit longer than I would have 
expected.

The last dance was heaven! It was slow and went on forever, and Bert 
held me in his arms closely, but not sexily--just VERY, VERY, VERY 
romantic. And I was so proud to be there with him, and I felt like he 
was MY MAN, and I was all grown up and at a real prom at high school or 
something. God, I was happy.

And every time I turned around, Julia seemed to be there, her eyes half 
closed as she slow danced with Steve and smiled at me. It was like 
magic. We seemed to be right near each other for the whole time.

Here were three people I really cared about, accepting me and letting 
me be with them and making me feel SO accepted and grown up. It was 
great! I wished the dance would never ever ever end.

But of course, it did. And after applauding the band, and collecting 
our things, Bert and I walked hand-in-hand into the magic of a Maine 
summer evening with stars in the sky and lightning bugs and a warm 
breeze and the smell of pine washing over us. My, it was grand! I was 
with the man I loved in a land I was falling in love with at just the 
right time in my life. If he would have asked me to marry him right 
then and there I would have said "I do" a thousand times.

As we walked to the car, Bert stopped and hugged me closely but like a 
lover should, nothing indecent. "You up for going with me to see the 
ol' Four-Leaf?"

"What?" I'd forgotten about what he had said about a club.

"Our club. You wanta see?"

"Yes, Bert, anything you say." I didn't want the night to ever end.

I sat close to Bert and held onto his right arm as we drove down the 
main highway then turned off on a dirt road at the edge of town. We 
drove for another 10 minutes, and I thought I could hear a rustling in 
the back seat. I turned and saw Julia and Steve softly kissing. It was 
just romantic, but I was a bit jealous. Strange as it sounds, I wish I 
was kissing Julia, not Steve. But I turned around and tried to 
concentrate on Bert. I kissed him softly on the cheek.

"Um," he said, and smiled.

I didn't know what I expected the club to be, but I certainly didn't 
expect what I saw. The house, with the words "Four-Leaf" on a large 
plaque over the doorway, looked like a country estate. It was circled 
by large, freshly mown lawn and surrounded by woods except to the front 
which looked over a lake. The lawn itself must have been 10 acres. It 
was huge, and a barn behind the house (I saw as we drove past) held the 
tractor it took just to keep the lawn mowed. The house had two stories 
with a verandah in front, a tennis court and swimming pool in back. 
How, I wondered, did these kids get to come here? How could they ever 
afford to rent a place like this? Little did I know then that they 
actually OWNED the place!

We walked into the huge main room (almost as large as the ballroom we 
had just left) which had a very high ceilings and a mirrored globe 
suspended from the center of the ceiling. Jesus, I thought, someone 
holds dances here, too. There were a bunch of kids (maybe sixteen when 
we arrived) from the dance already there, and just then music began 
playing from a stereo along the back wall. Some of the kids began 
dancing again, just like we'd never left.

Two ping-pong tables with paddles and balls were against the far wall. 
And four guys began playing.

More and more couples arrived until about 40 people were there. Bert 
and I danced a couple dances while the place filled up and in between I 
talked with some of the girls. An air of expectancy filled the room 
with an exciting atmosphere. If I had know what was to come, I would 
have run out then and there, but in the long run it's probably best 
that things went as they did. At least I tell myself so.

Someone stopped the music and Bert stepped up to a mike that was along 
the back wall.

"Greetings, club members!"

Everyone yelled "Greetings" back, as if on cue.

"Tonight we have two new initiates. It promises to be a fantastic 
ceremony!"

Everyone screamed their approval. I just stood there enjoying the fact 
that Bert, who I was with, was so important that he was running the 
show. I felt proud and important to be with him.

"So without further adieu . . ." Bert said, his speech rising like a 
circus m.c., "will the two initiates please step forward? James B. 
White and Suzi Q. Johnson, COME ON DOWN!!!!" Bert was yelling now, 
having a good time and not the least bit self-conscious. I was dazzled. 
So happy I could have been twins.

I hadn't recognized my name. I was concentrating on Bert and his 
importance. I saw one guy step forward and recognized him as the guy 
who danced with me three times earlier. More than anyone else except 
Bert. Even once more than Steve.

"Come on, Suzi. Don't be shy, now," Bert laughed into the mike.

I was shocked! I felt the hands of some of the guys and girls pushing 
me forward. I'm too shy to stand in front of these people, I thought. 
Not me. Not me. I just wanta watch. Not me!

But I couldn't say anything. I just walked (and was half pushed) to the 
front of the crowd, almost falling over a curved mirror that was built 
into the center of the floor. I slipped, but someone grabbed my arm. I 
was embarrassed already, imagine how I would have felt if I had fallen!

"Come here, honey," Bert said when I got to the front of the crowd. I 
walked to his side and held his hand, but I couldn't look at the faces 
in the crowd so I looked down, feeling stupid as I did so.

"How 'bout a round of applause for our initiates?"

The applause was gratifying but embarrassing. I felt myself blush. If I 
had known what was to come, I certainly would have done more than 
blush!

"Let's see these two dance in the middle of the floor. In two days they 
will be full members of ol' Four Leaf! So let's get a good look at 
them."

Again there was applause as the crowd let Jimmy and me step to the 
middle of the floor. The lights dimmed a bit, the music started, and 
several colored lights hit the mirrored globe. It was a slow dance, and 
Jimmy held me loosely and respectfully. I remembered how we had danced 
earlier, and it was the same now. Jimmy seemed just as shy as me, and 
didn't try to draw me too closely to him. I thought he seemed like a 
real nice guy and we could be good friends in the future, being 
initiates together and all.

But I was still apprehensive. Worried about the "two days." About the 
club. What did they do? Was it just a social club? Dances and picnics? 
Outings on the lake? I just didn't know. But going there at midnight 
after a dance seemed strange, vaguely troubling.

We danced for four or five minutes cheek to cheek, but softly of 
course. I could hear people talking and when I looked at them I 
realized that they were talking about us, about Jimmy and me. Some were 
pointing at us occasionally and looking thoughtfully. Soon the lights 
came back up and the music faded. We were left awkwardly in the center 
of the floor not knowing what to do. For maybe 15 seconds we keep 
dancing, but then the ridiculousness of the situation made us stop. The 
crowd was strangely silent, now.

We stood apart and looked at the crowd. They had somber, determined 
faces. I looked around and saw Bert. I gave him a questioning look, but 
his face didn't change a bit. it was stony, strangely without any depth 
or caring.

"Jimmy?" Bert said.

"What?"

"Sue?"

"What?" I meekly questioned.

"It's time for your initiation. Stand facing each other in the middle 
of the floor."

I didn't know what to do, but all the grim faces somehow told me I'd 
better do as I was told. I found Julia's face, and even it seemed hard, 
menacing.

We walked to the center, looking down. But in the center, built into 
the floor was a curved mirror, I think they call it "convex." We didn't 
want to step on that. In my high heels, I'd slip if I did.

"O.K.! Now, take off each others clothes!" Bert barked.

"One item at a time! Vary it. Boy, girl, boy, girl!"

I could see by Jimmy's expression that he was just as shocked as I was. 
I felt faint, and a hot flood of emotion swept through me. I was 
betrayed! Shamed for anyone even thinking I'd do such a thing! Belittle 
and confused. Panicked. And, yes--you guessed it--hot. Just plain 
sexually hot. In the sweet fever of cock and cunt. Thinking about naked 
skin and being exposed and having someone lick me or having to choke on 
a fat cock or . . . Well, you get the idea.

"Bert, what are you doing?" I whimpered.

"Is this some kind of joke?" Jimmy asked.

"This is no joke. You were told to strip each other. Now do it!"

"I'm going home!" Jimmy said and he walked toward the front door. But 
the crowd was about five deep in that direction and they pushed him 
backward, hard. He slipped and fell on his face cause he slid on the 
mirror in the floor.

"JESUS!" I said. "What are you doing? Stop it! Now." I was already 
beginning to cry by this time, I think. It's a bit hard to remember.

"Jimmy."

"Y-y-yes?" He was scared now having come into contact with the solid 
force of the crowd. The beast of raw, uncaring power that a mob had, 
but this seemed contained, directed, well rehearsed.

"Take off Suzi's shoes," Bert instructed.

"No! Please, Bert." I was sobbing by this time. Confused. Hurt. Hot.

"Listen, Susan! Do as I say! If you don't . . ." The pause was 
calculated to be menacing and it WAS! I felt fear to my very core. His 
voice told me that no matter how bad it would be to follow his 
instructions, it would be far worse to disobey.

Jimmy was already cowed. His face was completely white with fear and 
his hands visibly shook. He got down on his knees and lifted my right 
ankle, steadying me, as he pulled off my right shoe then he did the 
same with my left.

Foolishly, I told myself that maybe it would end there. We'd both have 
to take off each others shoes, then there would be a big laugh and 
everyone kick off their shoes and dance in their stocking feet until 
dawn. It even seem more romantic. Or maybe they'd get our shoes off, 
blindfold us, make us stand on chairs and throw tacks in front of us 
and then jump. That old one. Where they catch the tacks in a blanket or 
something.

"Your turn, Suzi!"

I was still crying, but I felt a bit better and I knelt to take off 
Jimmy's shoes. Then stood back up waiting for the ice to melt.

"Jimmy!"

"What?"

"Your turn!" Bert's voice was louder.

Jimmy had apparently fooled himself as I had. Now I could see his hands 
trembling more and his face flush with resentment and anger and fear. 
He seemed to be in a mild state of shock. As I was.

Now he bowed his head and walked around behind me, his hands fumbling 
with my zipper.

I was really scared! I looked at Bert. At Steve. At Julia. But I got 
the same stony stare from each. I wanted to curl into a ball and 
disappear. I stared crying a little more. I looked pleadingly around. 
The same stare! It seemed SO cold.

Jimmy wasn't crying but he was scared. Finally he got my zipper down 
then just looked around in shock.

"Come on! Pull it down."

I felt Jimmy's hands softly on my shoulders as he grabbed the shoulders 
of my dress, trying to touch me as little as possible. "I'm sorry," he 
whispered in my ear. And I truly think he was. But if he was like me, 
he was getting a bit hot, too.

I felt the dress being pulled off my shoulders, over my arms, and down 
my body. I felt it was best not to fight it and I was trying to be as 
passive as possible so as not to incite the crowd. Maybe this would be 
it. They'd see me in my slip and then we'd all start dancing. Or maybe 
all the girls would strip to their slips and come over and hug me. I 
wanted to feel Julia's naked arms around me when we were both half 
dressed. I wanted to feel her lips on mine . . .

But I was still crying, probably because I knew this wasn't going to 
stop with my slip. We were on a long slide, and wouldn't stop until we 
hit the bottom. I was just fooling myself if I tried to believe 
anything else. I could feel the fear in the pit of my stomach along 
with, I must admit, my confused sexual desires.

I was now standing in front of a crowd of formally dressed people in 
only my slip. Those who seemed so accepting, those with whom I had felt 
I belonged just a short time before, now seemed menacing and strange. 
Aloof. And I felt like a small frightened child in the midst of a city 
of adults. This was a one-ring circus and I was its naked clown.

"Take off his jacket!" Bert's abrupt order brought me back from my 
reverie.

I felt so helpless and even more naked and afraid than Jimmy. I walked 
over to him and he tried to comfort me. He nodded slightly and softly 
whispered, "It'll be all right. Go ahead." I took off his jacket from 
behind and, on Bert's order, removed his cumberbun as well.

"Now her slip!"

Jimmy looked at me apologetically, but I could tell the prospect 
excited him. I could see a bulge in his pants! Although he still tried 
to befriend me. He knelt down and pulled up my slip. Apparently he 
didn't know that all he had to do was pull the straps over my 
shoulders. I could hear a few girls giggle as he pulled it up my legs, 
over the tops of my white stockings--bringing my red garters into plain 
view!--and up my thighs. I felt Jimmy's fingers on the backs of my 
naked thighs and thought I was going to burst. I was still crying, and 
now I started that old familiar shake, the shake of lust and confusion 
and humiliation and, well, just plain wanting COCK!

His fingers proceeded to pull across my pink panties and tummy as he 
pulled the slip higher and I raised my arms as he brought it to tit 
level. Again, his fingers scraped my tits through the little pink bra. 
I realized that he was probably trapped in prison of lust as well, and 
though he wanted to be respectful of me, he couldn't help himself. I 
forgave him that.

He stumbled a bit getting it over my head and off my arms, and bumped 
into my almost naked body, but I'm sure that this was not intentional.

I was in pink bra, pink panties, and white stockings, held up by 
violent red garters, in front of the crowd. I felt like I was going to 
be sick. But I managed, through my crying and shaking fingers, to take 
off Jimmy's shirt. His chest was pretty broad and he had fairly strong 
arms for a young teenager. But I was too scared to notice much. Then, 
when Bert told me to take off his pants, too, I almost dropped!

I undid his belt and couldn't go on. I looked at Bert, but all he did 
was sneer. I looked up at Jimmy, and he quietly nodded encouragement to 
me. I think I loved him then. We were both so vulnerable and alone and 
he could have been, as I was, consumed with self doubt and loathing and 
pity and fear, but he was concerned with me instead. What a nice guy, I 
thought, but I was still very scared.

As I undid his zipper my hand went over his bulge and, again, my heart 
almost stopped. What a cock!, I thought. Boy, I'd love to . . . But I 
was still crying scared and had to go on. I pulled his trousers down 
and my hand accidentally (I think it was accidental, at any rate) 
rubbed against the back of his cock through his boxer shorts. The 
effect--beside the hot flood of lust in me--was his cockhead poked out 
of the opening! I was dumb-struck. I was eyeball to eyeball with cock 
(it was pink and lovely, like a little pony poking its head out of the 
stall at sunrise). I could hear a bunch of the girls and some guys, 
giggle and laugh. Hard as they tried to be to us, the sight of a guy 
with the head of his naked cock sticking out was too much to bear.

Jimmy blushed all over and stuffed the beautiful apple- shaped cockhead 
back in. I looked at him, hoping he wouldn't blame me. He didn't. He 
looked at me in a way to show he understood. And I took off his pants.

I was on an emotional rollercoaster. I didn't know what to feel. Shame 
or lust or fear or . . . I felt like all my insides were being 
rearranged all at once. Everything was hot and gooey and slipping and 
mucking about. My insides felt like outsides and the outsides, in. 
There were no borders anymore. Maybe there never were, but I felt as 
though I had suddenly lost all moorings and was adrift, and I was used 
to stability. I NEEDED it. But it wasn't to be had. All sense of order 
and propriety and human dignity and mutual respect had be violently 
wrenched away from me. I felt like I was lost and like even if I was 
found I'd never be at home in the world again.

"Jimmy, peel those stockings off the bitch!"

Jimmy tried one last stand. "Isn't this enough! Haven't you seen 
enough. What do you want? Huh?" He was shouting and they let him. "What 
the fuck are you trying to do. Maybe we don't want in your stupid club. 
Maybe you can go fuck yourselves. Fuck you! Fuck you! You son-of-
bitches. What the hell do you want? Huh?"

Bert's voice was low and steady, "We want you to do what you're told." 
The calmness in his voice made it all the more frightening.

Jimmy, barely holding back his tears, dropped to his knees in front of 
me. He grabbed my right thigh above the stockings for support (though 
his hand directly and surely on my naked flesh made me jolt and start 
shaking even harder--I felt like I was going to lose my stomach). Then 
he grabbed my bright red garter and began pulling it and my white 
stocking off my leg. I could see my tanned and pink flesh emerging from 
the soft white casing of the stocking.

"Slowly!" Bert said.

Jimmy slowed down and, I cannot blame him for this, began to caress my 
thigh, knee, and calf and he pulled the pink stocking off my firm leg. 
I was crying, sick, and embarrassed, but fucking HOT, too. I lifted my 
leg and pointed my toe for him to take the stocking off. I wished 
everyone would disappear and he would eat me right there! He did the 
left leg the same way only a bit slower and caressing, even squeezing 
once or twice, all the way. My crying and trembling seemed to increase.

"Now. His tee-shirt and socks."

Everything was swirling and bumping around. I pulled his tee-shirt up 
and off, rubbing into him as I did--no longer was it an accident. I 
WANTED FUCKED! And I could see his white, hairless chest, fairly 
muscular (only not like Bert's or Steve's) through the sheen of my 
tears. Then I took off his socks, with shaking fingers, slightly 
caressing his thighs as I did.

But I could feel black bile in me rise as I stood up again, in my 
little pink bra and panties.

"Her bra!" Bert barked.

Jimmy went behind me as I began shaking and crying harder. I could feel 
his hard-on poke in my right cheek as he struggled to unhook my bra. He 
rubbed it around a bit, I'm sure on purpose, but I didn't blame him. I 
was too fucked up to blame anyone anymore.

As he remove my bra and the cool air hit my little pink titties there 
in front of everyone, so everyone could see, I fell to my knees in 
shaking dry heaves.

There I was, with only panties on, puking (or, rather, trying to puke) 
through my tears for all the world to see. Coughing and choking, I 
spasmed as my stomach lurched and lurched, and I shook and lurched like 
a dog in front of everyone. I was sick as shit! My crying came in loud 
gusts between empty heaves. My hands would go to my mouth and then to 
the floor. I tried to snap out of it, but I no longer had any control. 
EVEN MY BODY HAD BETRAYED ME! I shook with lust and shame and fear, and 
heaved, tears pouring out of my eyes, and nobody said a fucking word. 
They all just watched and watched.

Soon, I felt a cool hand on my brow. I looked, and through my tears and 
embarrassment, still with a few short heaves, I could see Julia. Her 
sweet face was looking directly at me with understanding and sympathy.

"Relax. Don't you understand? We've all been through this," she said 
comforting me. "A lot of girls and some of guys have even gotten sick. 
You're not alone." And she stroked my hair and back as I kept shallow 
heaving for several minutes and then settled down somewhat.

She was right. I shouldn't feel so bad. And to think, JULIA came over 
to comfort ME. Hell, I felt a better. I was still shaking some, after 
the heaves had passed, and still crying, but Julia had strengthened me. 
I felt better and was able to stand again, even though I was almost 
completely naked in front of a crowd of mostly strangers, all of whom 
were dressed to the teeth.

Bert looked at me, a little more sympathetically, I thought, but said 
only, "His shorts."

I gulped and wiped my face, pushing some of my tears aside, and let my 
shaking hands go top the sides of Jimmy's shorts. As I gripped the 
elastic, I seemed to feel that Jimmy was, perhaps uncontrollably, 
shoving his pelvis somewhat forward. I wanted to pull his shorts down 
fast, to get it over with, but before I started Bert told me to do it 
slowly, do I closed my eyes and started pulling them down. I could feel 
the tug of his boner as it caught in the elastic and the sudden release 
as it sprung free. I could hear some oh's and ah's from several girls. 
One even said, "Yum. Yum."

I was scared as shit, but I couldn't keep my eyes closed. There was his 
COCK! Still bouncing and swaying slightly right in front of my face. It 
was hard and strong, not as ridged as Steve's, not as dark as Bert's. 
It was a young, teenage cock with a bold pink, apple-shaped head, still 
a bit plump, with some baby fat on, but able to be firm. A bopping, 
muscled, mouthing cock beating a tattoo of lust into my heart. 
Scrolling a scrimshaw of hot sex on my Irish tooth. Fat and pink as a 
baby! BOY! YES, fans, IT'S A BABY BOY!

I was HAD! My sex drive was in forth, but my fear was in reverse. Where 
to go? Where to go?

"Off!" snapped Bert, and off they came. Jimmy stepped out of his shorts 
and stood there before me. I was on my knees. I simply couldn't move. I 
wanted to pop that fat little cock in my mouth and warm it up. It must 
be cold, I thought in my confusion of sexual lust. It must be looking 
for its mother! Here, honey, I thought, I'm over here. Just let me get 
my little lips around . . .

"Go ahead and touch it," Bert said.

I reached up and grabbed the baby's red head and squeezed. It was soft 
as a baby's cheeks. But warm and alive. It kept pulling up as I pulled 
slightly down. Wonderful! I wanted to nurse it. I wanted to nurse on 
it.

But then I realized where I was and let go, terribly ashamed for what I 
had done. I wanted to fuck it and every boy now knew. I wanted to stuff 
it in my mouth, feel it swirl over my tongue, jump like a goat and spit 
down my throat. Now everybody knew. I was a shameless slut! They could 
all see through me. I'll bet I blushed.

"Stand up!" Bert said.

I stood and Jimmy, on his own, now walked up to me and held me close to 
him. I could feel his whole body next to mine! He was BUCK NAKED and I 
only had on my little pink panties. He held me close, as if to comfort 
me, but I could feel his dick lurch against my tummy, and I think I 
could feel him push it around a bit.

He held and rubbed my young back, gradually letting his hands roam down 
to my ass. He grabbed both cheeks and squeezed, rubbing them as he did. 
I felt one of his thumbs, outside my panties, go up and down my little 
ass crack.

All of a sudden I could see what he was trying to do! The darling boy 
was trying to take my mind off of my fear and shame and trying to make 
me hot so I wouldn't get sick again. He was stoking my furnace so the 
whole world wouldn't turn upside down. God, he was considerate! Most 
boys would only thinking about themselves at a time like this, but NOT 
JIMMY. He was trying to get me FUCKING HOT so I wouldn't be so freaking 
scared.

Then Jimmy slid down my little body, rubbing against me and feeling up 
my little titties and tummy and back, and grabbed my pretty pink 
panties from either side and began to pull them down slowly. When he 
got to the top of my cunt crack, he licked my belly and grabbed my ass. 
I WAS GOING PEOPLE! I thought, but I got real sacred and tried to pull 
away from Jimmy, but he pulled me back, squeezing my buns and shoving a 
thumb up and down my ass crack, almost down to my virgin butt hole, and 
I could feel myself push back against him as my body refused to do as 
my brain ordered. Then Jimmy exposed my little blond cunt for all to 
see and I could hear oh's and ah's from a bunch of the boys and, 
strange to say, from some of the girls, too, I think.

When I stepped out of my pink panties and Jimmy stepped back, to look 
at me, his hard cock bobbing in front of him, I realized we were both 
more naked than jaybirds (because jaybirds have feathers!) in front of 
ALL THESE FUCKING PEOPLE! I didn't know what to do, so I just stood 
there trembling and sobbing quietly while I felt myself juiced up 
sexually, really squirming inside and all. I kept my hands awkwardly to 
my sides and tried not to appear too dumb and look at the floor or 
close my eyes, but not face anyone either, but I found myself gazing 
directly at Jimmy's hard, apple-headed dick.

I was STUCK. Still crying a bit, hot as hell, stark naked in front of 
40 teenage boys and girls, all of whom were dressed to the teeth, in 
suits and formal dresses, high heels, etc. And only a short time ago I 
had been at a fancy ball and I felt like I was in heaven. NOW here I 
was, embarrassed out of my mind, having cried and pleaded with the man 
I loved (and the man who now barked orders at Jimmy and me), having 
fallen to my knees in dry heaves, and having been stripped naked, piece 
by piece in front of the entire crowd to my eternal humiliation, and 
NOW I was looking down the loaded barrel of Jimmy's ripe cock! Jimmy, 
who at first had seemed as shy as I was, appeared to be more sexually 
aggressive as he stripped the last items from me, feeling me up and 
even licking the top of my crack and touching my titties and ass 
cheeks, but I believed then as now that he was only trying to help me 
get over the hump, so to speak, that he was trying to get me excited so 
that I would stop crying and worrying and being scared. He wanted to 
help, not like some boys who would only think of themselves at such a 
time.

"Suck him, Sue," Bert's voice was low but firm.

"What?" I had started crying a bit more again as I realized this affair 
was not going to be over with our disrobing.

"Suck his cock," Bert said, then, "Like I taught you."

Now I was even more embarrassed. Bert had talked about me sucking him 
in front of all these people! My crying was more pronounced, my shaking 
a bit more intense.

"Come on."

Jimmy sympathetically nodded encouragement to me. He was really trying 
to help me through this, a step at a time. He walked over to me and 
held me by my shoulders in a brotherly sort of way, but his dick poked 
me in the stomach and he moved it around a bit on my soft skin as he 
held me. "Go on, baby, you can do it." He took my hand and brought it 
too his prick, and as he kissed me lightly on the lips, I couldn't help 
but squeeze his cock softly and give it a few tentative pumps.

BOY it was something! Hot and hard, but smooth with, as I said before, 
a bit of baby fat still on it. I was HEATIN' UP FAST! But I still 
didn't want to get down there on the floor and suck his cock in front 
of all those people.

We just stood there for almost a minute softly kissing me while I was 
still crying and lightly pumping his cock as he pushed it back and 
forth, touching and rubbing it on my stomach occasionally. I was 
getting hotter and hotter, but at the same time I was scared, because I 
knew I'd have to DO IT. I'd have to kneel down, buck naked, and suck a 
boy's cock in front of a bunch of people. Yet, and this was the first 
time I think I realized it, the humiliation was adding to my sexual 
heat. I mean, I really didn't want to suck a cock in front of people, 
but . . . well, I really did, too. (Maybe that's why I'm writing my 
sexual autobiography biography--the humiliation itself seems to do 
something for me . . . I don't know what.) I just knew I was really 
scared but that I also REALLY wanted to taste that cock.

I grabbed it from behind the head and, in front of all those kids, 
started shamelessly rubbing it all over my belly while I began kissing 
Jimmy harder and then frenching him with my tongue and his squirreling 
around and then me squirming a bit against him. I was still was crying 
a bit, but I started sliding down Jimmy's hard body, still squirming a 
bit, trying to rub against his naked skin. When I got my titties to 
cock level, I couldn't help but stop for a moment and rub the fatty 
ripe head over both of them. GOD, that felt naughty. And nice. I slid 
down to my knees and just looked at it for a minute. Jimmy was still 
pumping into my hand a bit, his hips going back and forth a bit, his 
breathing shallow.

"Oh, yeah," he said.

I think he was really into it now, and I was so grateful for him 
getting me hot that, even though I was still scared, I licked the tip 
of the soft apple head while still pumping him. GOD, it was nice! Then, 
to my ever-lasting shame, I let my little lips circle the head and let 
the head slide softly into my mouth. JESUS! IT WAS FANTASTIC. What a 
great cock! I grabbed Jimmy's butt with one hand and reeled him in, 
squeezing his buns. I got two then three and four inches in while my 
hand still worked him over. I remembered to swirl my tongue under the 
head of his cock, a sweet cherry of flesh, and I remembered to licked 
him further down, keeping my lips real moist and tight, waving and 
wagging my tongue back and forth on the underside, and softly moaning. 
Bert had taught me and taught me well. And I knew I was so far into it 
that my ass was swirling around in the air behind me and my pussy was 
sticking out and everyone could probably see it.

Soon Jimmy's whole cock was just covered with my saliva, and my hand 
slipped and slid up and down the sweet tube as I sucked and my arm 
hugged his butt. Jimmy pushed harder and harder and held my head, 
really pushing himself in. But I was ready. BOY, WAS I HOT! I stuck my 
ass higher in the air, shaking it and rolling it around, wishing that 
the lights or the air or something would become big big big cock and 
fuck me from behind. I wanted THAT CREAM. When I heard the crowd 
muttering its approval, I remembered where I was, but even though I 
realized that I was still crying and shaking from being so damn ashamed 
at what I was doing, I still wanted CUM CUM CUM CUM CUM.

I pulled his cock out and let him smear my saliva and his juices all 
over my face while I licked at him and pumped him. Then I kitty-tongued 
the jerking head some more, teasing it, and let it slip back between my 
tightened lips. I let it out again and spread it all over my cheeks and 
over my chin, while sticking my tongue into his belly button and 
pushing my fingers up and down in his ass crack. I felt SO WILD AND 
WICKED AND DIRTY AND GRAND, with his cock in my mouth and my ass 
fucking the air. But I was still scared especially when I noticed that 
some flashbulbs were going off. But I was TOO FAR GONE TO REALLY 
FUCKING CARE, and I sucked that glorious cock back in.

Now Jimmy grabbed the back of my head so I couldn't take him out again 
and tease him. Golly, I thought, I'm going to get his cum in my mouth 
and everyone will see. I was really ashamed and probably blushed all 
over, but like I said, I was too far gone to stop, so I pumped him 
faster and harder until he grabbed my head with both hands and shoved 
it all the way down my throat and pumped and pumped and I made my lips 
tighten and swirled my tongue as much as I could, trying to feel every 
inch of his cock in my mouth, and he started spurting burst after 
joyous burst down my throat, as I kept gulping him down and pulling him 
in over and over, my butt in the air moving in tight little short 
circles, and me gulping (breathing through my nose like Bert had taught 
me), sucking him in like I was a baby goat sucking the last drops from 
its mommy, and I wanted to sing and cry and run away and fuck him right 
there and hide my head and . . . Hell! I wanted to become THAT COCK. I 
wished I fucking WAS THAT COCK spurting a load down past my red lips 
and down my pretty little throat or shoving and rubbing itself over my 
titty nipples or tummy or . . . Well, you get the idea.

And Jimmy had been groaning as he shot his load into me and pumping his 
hips back and forth while holding my head and shoving me down on his 
cock. God, he had a load! And he dumped load after load in me, his cock 
still throbbing and hard as I finally was able to pull it out and, 
gasping for breath, I kept rubbing it all over my face as it spurted 
out its last little dribbles. And I licked it, too. God, I love it 
then! And my tail was thrashing about around behind me in the air for 
everyone to see, but I'd forgotten all the other kids until I was 
shocked out of my dream of COCK AND CUM by their polite applause.

JESUS! What had I done???? Everyone was looking at us. I'd sucked this 
sweet cock in public and everyone had seen! And they had also probably 
seen my cunt from behind as I pushed it back and let it squirm in the 
air, like I was flying the flag of myself for all to see. I was never 
so embarrassed in my life. But the evening was far from over, and I was 
FUCKING FAR from being sexually satisfied. I kept sticking his cock in 
my mouth and nursing on it as Jimmy got smaller and smaller, but he 
kept pushing against me as best he could, thrusting his hips at me 
while my own hips were, of course, still going.

Out of the side of my eye, I saw Bert motion to someone and looked over 
to see two boys part the crowd, caring a low table. I wondered what the 
hell was it for.

They came up beside me and set it down. It only stood about a foot off 
the floor. Like one of those tables the Japanese eat off of or 
something.

"Suzi!"

"What?" I had to let the limp, wet cock slide from my mouth. I wanted 
to pout, but I was still crying a bit and shaking since I was still 
scared and embarrassed. At the same time I was hot as a goddamn 
firecracker--you know, like one of those firecrackers they dropped from 
the Enola Gay. Boy, I was HOT HOT HOT! Everybody better stand far the 
fuck back.

"Get on the table."

I meekly crawled up on the table on all fours. Now everybody could even 
see my pussy better and see my little tits hang down. This made me 
hotter, but the second I'd let go of Jimmy's slick dick I felt like I 
was cut loose, all alone, and that made me even more scared and 
embarrassed. My trembling, both from lust and fear, began in earnest 
again and I couldn't stop.

"No! On your back!"

"No, please, Bert," I looked at him through my tears, choking a bit, 
and still gulping for air.

"Now."

I laid down carefully on my back, with my arms around my small, pink 
breasts, hugging myself, trying to cover myself and stop the shaking at 
the same time. There wasn't enough room for my legs to stretch out, so 
I bent them at the knees and held them tightly together. I knew 
everyone could see me from behind, my cunt and all, but I felt a bit 
better, a bit more secure with my knees held tightly against 
themselves.

"Jimmy."

"Y-y-yes."Apparently some of the fear had returned as sexual feelings 
had been drained.

"Eat her."

The second I heard that, my little butt automatically jerked two inches 
up off the table surface. GODDAMN! I was going to get eaten! I was 
going to get a hot tongue in my snatch, a licking in my picnic basket! 
But then the thought that everyone would see me with a head between me 
legs while I came, scared the shit out of me.

Jimmy sank to his knees before me. "Open up, honey," I could feel his 
hands on my little knees, gently prying them apart.

As I gradually opened my legs, Jimmy's hands caressed my soft inner 
thighs gently squeezing and rubbing up and down while pushing out, 
helping me open my legs in front of all these people. I still hugged 
myself and shook, softly crying, but Jimmy was trying to put me at 
ease, trying to relax my fears and, at the same time, focus my mind on 
my body so I would be hot enough to get through the night. What a 
sweetie!

Jimmy's hands came closer and closer to my cunt as my legs widened. 
Then he slowly bent down, as if in a daze, and lightly licked the tippy 
tops of my pink little pussy lips (which were now exposed for ALL TO 
SEE!). GODDAMN! I spread my feet apart and finally let my legs go wider 
and wider. I WANTED HIM IN ME. ALL OF HIM! Not just his tongue or cock, 
you understand. EVERY FUCKING INCH OF HIM! I wanted him to wear me like 
skin. Put me on like a wet suit. Crawl inside me like momma bear and 
snap me shut. I wanted the outside in, kept down and round, sealed and 
healed. I wanted cranked. I wanted dump fucked, rump sucked, and sump 
pumped. I wanted waddled, wagged, and wafted. I wanted to MERGE, baby, 
MERGE. And not just files, you understand. You can keep your mountain 
oysters. I wanted the WHOLE HOG!

Jimmy's hands and tongue had found an immediate response in me. My butt 
started jerking up off the table and Jimmy got down to some serious 
licking after shoving his nose and chin all over my snatch fur, my soft 
cunt cheeks, and my pussy bone. I was leaking and, as Jimmy smiled up 
at me, his face shone with my juices. WAS I PROUD! Jimmy's mouth went 
back to my cunt as his hands caressed my tummy and butt, one hand 
pulling me up to his mouth sometime and a the thumb and forefinger of 
the other holding me open for his tongue. I had gradually stopped 
hugging myself and even though I was still crying softly and shaking a 
bit, my hands had started caressing my own little titties, rubbing over 
the pink nipples and squeezing some. JIMMY WAS DRIVING ME FUCKIN' WILD! 
He was a GOBBLER OF GASH. A CONNOISSEUR OF CUNT. A PURVEYOR OF PUSSY. 
Sometimes he'd get a finger or two in me while he was licking up toward 
the top of my crack or gnawing on my nub, and I'd flop like a landed 
fish. I'd thrash like a meat packer. Jerk like a juke joint on Sat'day 
night. GODDAMN! I WAS HOT AS A FUCKIN' STRING OF FIRECRACKERS! 
EVERYBODY HAD BETTER STAND THE FUCK BACK!

As I was flopping there and squeezing my pink little titties with 
Jimmy's tongue sloshing around my insides and my legs now grabbing his 
head tight, now shaking and trying to open even wider to get more of 
him in, I noticed the crowd had come closer and many of them were 
getting a real eyeful. Now and then I could see the flash of cameras, 
but I felt when I flashed it would blind everybody. Suddenly I noticed 
that Julia had come around behind Jimmy and knelt down a bit, but I 
didn't know what she was doing down there. HELL, I was too far gone to 
give a fuck. Jimmy's tongue and roving hands had brought me to the 
goddamn brink and now I was over, falling down free fall toward 
Nagasaki or whatever. I started bucking with every tongue waddle, every 
slurp and sip tripped my wire, sent me shaking with lights spilling out 
of me all over, sound sucking back into itself like a great womb of 
blasted silence, and words in my head breaking down into hundreds of 
syllables, and the syllables spinning off into letters, and the letters 
cracking into ten billion black brick, and the brick breaking to bits, 
and the bits pulverized into black sand then dust, and then it all 
vaporized into scalding black steam, cracking my heart and scalding my 
bowels, and burning my womb. I could feel black lightning ripping up 
and down my sides. My toenails snaked and frazzled. My tongue burnt to 
a stump. And I goddamn came and came and came and came and came--a 
fucking chain reaction that could have blasted silhouettes onto the 
sides of brick walls, melted the fucking sky, spit a shock wave that 
could have heaved down to the ocean floor and brought it gushing up, 
spinning. I MEAN I CAME, SAW, CONQUERED, AND CAME SOME MORE!

I could hear oh's and ah's from the crowd as people pushed forward to 
see. My legs over Jimmy's back, now, thumping him with my feet, then 
rubbing and squirming them up and down his sides, then wrapped around 
his head, trying to pull his face up my cunt. I COULDN'T FUCKING STOP. 
I kept cumming and cumming and cumming. Even after Bert and another guy 
pulled Jimmy back (and I heard Bert say "Whoa, Big Fella" to Jimmy), my 
hands shot to my cunt and my fingers started doing their ol' naughty 
dance in me bringing up and over the damn time after time . . . I WAS 
ELECTRIC!

Then I felt someone pulling my hands away from my cunt and pulling me 
up, or rather two people, girls, pulling me up by my arms, but I wasn't 
done yet and wanted to fucking cum more and more and more and never 
stop, but some guy slapped me and said, "Wait!"

I was sobbing now, with a bit of embarrassment at having a crooked, 
crashed, chain reaction climax in front of all these kids, but also 
from the tonguing itself. They took the table away and brought me and 
Jimmy to the center of the room. They pointed to the curved mirror and 
told Jimmy to stand in it. He did without any trouble. It was just 
gradually curved and only three or four feet across. Then the two girls 
who had pulled me up and away from my cunt playing, brought me to 
Jimmy. His cock was about 3/4ths hard again, and I immediately grabbed 
it and started pumping. I WAS STILL HOT HOT HOT HOT and my string of 
firecrackers was not even half finished. I was kissing and squirming 
against Jimmy but the guy who had slapped me grabbed my shoulder and 
said, low but firm, "Back off!"

So I stood back, not touching Jimmy, and shaking with the effort. I 
WANTED FUCKED AND FUCKED GOOD! AND NOW!

I heard Bert tell someone, "Get the three incher." And I just stood 
there trembling, naked in front of all those people who had damn near 
seen me do everything but shit. I was still crying from the tonguing 
Jimmy had given me and from wanted to jump his pole right then and 
there, even if all these people could see.

Two guys brought a small platform which they placed in front of Jimmy 
and which had a fitting which kept it in place in the floor. It was 
really just a step, a few inches high, and now it was all that 
separated Jimmy and me.

"Suzi?"

"W-w-wh-wa-what?" I was choking now on both my embarrassment and lust 
between my sobs. I was still hot as hell, but I'd got a bit more scared 
as I looked around and saw everybody watching me. When I looked down at 
Jimmy's nearly hard pole, I'd forget everyone again, but then I'd hear 
the rustling of formal dresses or someone cough or a flashbulb go off, 
and I'd come back to what everyone refers to as "reality."

"Stand up on the step."

I did as Bert said. Now I realized what the platform was for. It 
brought my cunt just a bit above the height of the base of Jimmy's 
sweet pecker. God!, I thought, I AM. I AM going to get fucked. I was 
excited as holy shit as I stepped up and I wanted to bounce up and down 
on my toes, but I didn't dare. And I didn't even grab Jimmy's cock 
again. I didn't want to get slapped.

"Okay, Suzi. You can mount up."

For a second I didn't know what he meant, but then I realized he meant 
I should climb on Jimmy's cock. Gosh!

Boy I wanted to, but I was scared again. Hot as I was, the idea of 
having all these people watching me get fucked frightened the piss 
outta me. But I looked back down at Jimmy's cock and all my doubts, if 
not my fears, disappeared. I knew I had to have IT up in me. That 
sweet, baby-fat cock with its pink, apple-shaped head. Just think of 
it, snug and deep in me, spurting its sweet apple juice! Gollygoddamn!

I went up on my tip toes and grabbed his cock as Jimmy lifted me up a 
bit around the waist. JESUS MOTHERFUCKIN' H. CHRIST ALMIGHTY! I felt 
the head poking around my pussy cheeks looking for an opening, then 
Jimmy slid over my pussy bone and we rubbed his cock up and down my 
pussy crack as we pushed and squirmed our bodies together, my titties 
rubbing against his chest, both of us kissing like bandits, then I 
raised up a bit, and still wiggling around, slid down that thing and 
felt him sink in a little at a time. I could feel the darling head part 
my pearly pink pussy lips, then pass into my sweet tunnel, pushing out 
the cheeks and pushing out against me from inside. GOD it was great! I 
could feel him slide in slowly inch by inch. I kept wiggling my tail 
about as he lowered me both to help him and to stimulate both of us as 
he lowered me onto him. He wasn't totally hard, though, and when I 
raised up on my tiptoes for a second thrust, he slipped out.

"Wait!" Said Bert. "Hey, Red, you wanta do the honors?"

Julia came forward. "Quit grabbing," she said as she went over to 
Jimmy, made him step to the edge of the mirror, knelt down and stuffed 
his cock straight into her beautiful mouth. She started giving him a 
pretty straight forward blow job, from what I could tell, but she kept 
twisting her head around real naughty like.

I felt abandoned. I had been on my way to what had promised to be 
another series of magnificent fire-cracker atom-bomb explosions, and 
now I was watching darling Julia with that sweet cock of Jimmy's. They 
were having fun with each other. What about me? I was standing alone, 
naked and dripping in front of a roomful of strangers. Again I felt the 
sudden sharp pain of humiliation welling up within me like black bile, 
and knew I was going to begin crying again soon if something didn't 
happen. My shaking started up all over, but whether it was from lust or 
shame, I couldn't really tell. Probably a bit of both. I could feel the 
air all around my naked body, cooling me a bit where my juices had been 
leaking, and it felt like my titties and even cunt stuck out two yards 
from my body for everyone to see.

Soon, I could hear Jimmy groaning and squirming (while still standing) 
under the ministrations of Julia's tongue. "Oh, yeah! Oh, FUCKIN' YEAH, 
BITCH. DO ME DO ME DO. OH, BABY!" And his hands went to her head and 
started shoving her down.

Now I was crying for real. She was so beautiful. I wish I was Jimmy's 
cock. I wish her mouth could wrap around me. Over my head, and her 
tongue squishing all around like that, then over my tits and around my 
waist. I wish she'd swallow ME! Why can't she swallow me?

I was crying like a hard rain. Lost and afraid and lonely. I wanted SEX 
SEX SEX, but got air on my body only.

As Jimmy started really poking into her and holding her head down, she 
abruptly pulled back and slapped him as if he was getting too fresh or 
something. She a nice girl, I thought. Like me.

"Get the fuck over there now and FUCK HER!" Julia said.

Jealous as I was at not being able to touch Julia, as ashamed I was for 
being so naked in front of a crowd, crying and shaking . . . I was PLUM 
glad when Jimmy came over with his dick as hard as dynamite. 
SONOFABITCH! Then Bert came over and wrapped a belt around our waists, 
pushing us belly to belly against each other. Jesus, I wondered, what's 
that for? We both want fucking. We're not going to run away. Doesn't 
Bert know that?

But my attention shifted from the belt quickly as Jimmy grabbed my 
waist and lifted me onto him. I was tighter now and scared of his big, 
baby-fat dick, which seemed to have increased in diameter as well as 
rigidity. GOD, I came down even slower feeling him part the Red Sea of 
Me. His cockhead was probing where man had never been before. They 
should name a fuckin' space ship after it, I thought.

That first stroke was long and hard. I felt like I would choke. My 
sobbing came in big bursts as he shoved me down further and further, 
and I pulled him to me and fuckin' rubbed up and down against him, 
trying to feel all of him at the same time (the belt certainly didn't 
stop our squirming motions!), kissing and licking his sweet face. I 
wanted to wrap my legs around his back, but I was afraid we would fall 
over if I did that. So I just let him lower me shuddering and weeping 
down on his beautiful fat dick.

FUCK! I was filled to the rim with him, but he wasn't caffeine free. 
HELL NO! He had me at the edge and cranked, wired with racing stripes, 
blue and zapped, and all with just that one beautiful, fat, shuddering, 
choking stroke! I almost fainted to even think of what the rest would 
be like!

I cried out loud and slowly lifted up on my little tip toes, feeling 
him slide big, and fat, and slow back through my canal, feeling the 
weight of him and the suction, and every inch of that fatty cock with 
its apple-shaped head push against the insides of my cunt, preparing 
for another stroke as he bent and sucked in my little right tit, 
pulling his cock down but not out, as they say in boxing.

Then I heard a loud THHWWACK!!! and felt Jimmy shove fast and sharp 
into me and he cried out, "WHAT THE FUCK!" pulling his mouth dripping 
from my pink tit.

Then I felt it, too. THHWWAACK!!!! my ass was all of a sudden on fire, 
lifting up with the sharp pain, then falling back and Jimmy's cock now 
half in, then THHWWAACK!!! and Jimmy shoved up far inside yelling, his 
cock bloating up in me, and I was screaming "STOP! STOP!" and tried to 
pull back, but the belt held me shuddering belly to belly with Jimmy, 
and then THHWAACK!! and a broad pain spread over my ass again and I 
went up on tip toes to try and get away, then came down fast pushing 
against Jimmy as I heard TTHHWWACK!!! and Jimmy bit my ear as he pushed 
deeper and deeper in while I was all the way down and still confused 
with pain and now crying with both lust and HARD pain, starting to gulp 
down air, then TTHHWWAACK!!!! and it felt like my ass exploded, like it 
was blown the fuck off and I jerked up feeling (and now I could notice 
it a bit more) Jimmy's SUPERHARD COCK sucking down and out, but then I 
started coming down on it again as TTHHWWAACK!!! Jimmy bolted way up my 
cunt and grabbed me now about the waist as if he now wanted to keep 
fucking hard hard hard through all the pain and, to my shame, I was 
starting to get into it too as I rubbed against him, the belt holding 
our tummies each to each quivering and shaking, taking him in on the 
upstroke and waiting for TTHHWWAACK!!!! YOW, I came up again, feeling 
that barge they call Jimmy's cock pull down through my slue, then came 
down again as I heard Jimmy get it TTHHWWAACKKK!!! and I was hot as a 
string of fucking firecrackers, and this time I looked and saw that we 
were getting it in turn by two kids with ping-pong paddles slapping our 
ass cheeks in perfect timing for one of the GREATEST PAINFUCKS OF MY 
ENTIRE LIFE!!! they would take five turns each TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! then the next 
two, without missing a beat, would jump in, paddle already ready 
freddie and TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! GODDAMN it was something, getting your ass tanned while 
getting heartily fucked by Jimmy's fatty cock going up and down and us 
squirming and thrashing and quivering in pain and our own juices just 
rolling out, and I thought it would never stop, his BIG COCK in me 
TTHHWWACCK!!! pulling up and down TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! and fucking grabbing at him while TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! getting spanked and having Jimmy try to sneak sweet sucks 
on my titties between TTHHWWACCK!! HIS HOG like farmer Brown's rooting 
in every corner of my pen, shoving and I could feel my pussy cheeks 
puff out then TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!! ol' apple-head 
down again, sobbing and shuddering and rubbing my thighs all over his 
and around TTHHWWACCK! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! and kissing and gulping for air and breaking in half with 
the sweet pain, the thousand stinging sings on each cheek TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! mashing my cunt and pussy bone into his 
pelvis and twisting around, rubbing TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! and trying to push my little tummy against his 
TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and his cock seemed bigger and 
bigger like it was growing a couple arms and a leg TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!! and kept pushing into me like a mountain into 
a mousehole TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and our tummies, pussies, and 
cocks--like I couldn't even bother to remember whose was whose any 
more--rubbing and touching TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and I could feel myself going 
BIG CASINO, splitting off into two then four then TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! eight, sixteen of me, countdown three, two, one and 
clouds rolling quick away TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
crying and rubbing, choked with cock greed TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! and the sea trembled then lurched, boiling on the surface 
TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! thirty-two, sixty-four, my juices spitting 
out and sizzling as they hit the air and the floor, the belt pulling, 
our tummies rubbing, the BIG COCK TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and all the air shoved out of 
ground fucking zero so fast that buildings and trees blew away before 
they could vaporize TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! one-hundred-and- twenty-
eight, jumping now UPANDFUCKIN'DOWNONJIMMY'S SWEETHARDPRICK two-
hundred-and-fifty-six GODDAMN! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACCK!! and I could remember that everyone was watching and felt 
sore ashamed, that big cock and my thighs squirming, up on tip toes 
then TTHHWWACCK!! and everything TOO GODDAMN LATE NOW TO EVEN TRY TO 
FUCKING STOP!!! my string of firecrackers going off while the plane 
pulls up and away, swerving hard, boards and cows exploding in the air, 
skin ripped from bodies five fuckin' miles away TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! five-hundred- and-twelve TTHHWWACCK!!! the 
big cock breaking me in half goddamn and the fucking sands melting to a 
sudden mirror then vaporized into the screaming air darkness at the 
very center the fire ball rising over our heads TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and we were now really the fuck fucking had 
become death and life and pussy and sex, Jimmy blowing up way inside, 
me imploding on COCK TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! so deep I 
thought he'd found the fucking NILE TTHHWWACCK!! and now it's a fuckin' 
fireworks factory workers and all half the town gone TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and me choking now one-thousand-and-twelve 
air rushing into the pocket of silence and no hope left for anything 
the earth blasted a city gone to shards and rubble TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! two-thousand-twenty-fuckin'-four our bodies 
slamming and squirming, tightening into each other TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! the belt holding our sweating bellies together now 
squirming with each sweet spurt TTHHWWAK!! and turning into each others 
bodies five-thousand-fifty-eight TTHHWWACCK!! and it was too bright to 
even fuckin' look at, a day in infamy squeezed out the sides of night 
and hell TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! fuckin' TTHHWWACCK!!! even the 
devil crying and us quivering in pain and fuck, tightening against each 
other throbbing blasted spurt after spurt in me and I'm hugging and 
kissing Jimmy TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and he's 
grabbing my tits, now at his deepest reach inside be damned the 
TTHWWACCK!!ing TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! the great high 
pain, me shuddering with the richest fucking multiple set of 
firecracker blasting orgasms in the history of warfare sign the fuckin' 
treaty and get outta here TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! 
TTHHWWACK!!! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! and we're laughing and crying 
with the pain and shuddering at the same time we look down TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! holding each other tightly and fucking TTHHWWACCK!! 
TTHHWWACCK!!! TTHHWWACCK!!! our mouths mashing pressed against each 
others, tongues in TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!! then the slapping 
TTHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!! TTHHWWACCK!!!s stop at the same time we both 
see it there in the fucking mirror him still shuddering and spitting 
another load into me and we're rubbing all around on each other no more 
TTHHWWACCK!!s and the silence rushing in, and I hear Jimmy giggling 
then we break out laughing and crying even harder I can feel Jimmy's 
tears on my back as we see it there in the floor it's so funny and we 
both the fuck realize how the club gets its name still squeezing my 
tits now rubbing my HOT BUNS we're laughing it's funny as we see we two 
see in the floor in the mirror there jiggling before us our ass cheeks 
quivering and shaking there but nothing else we're laughing at those 
four cheeks in the goddamn convex mirror and they're like a trembling 
mass of flesh in four bright red hot leaves like a fucking red clover 
or something and we're laughing and can hear the crowd break into 
bright applause and some cheering, Jimmy still draining in me, and I 
can hear Bert's voice as he saw we saw and he said loud so everyone 
could hear and join in the fun:

"YEP. You guys guessed it. That's the four leaves. That's why we call 
ourselves the Four-Leaf Club. And," Bert laughed hardily, "that's why 
everyone else calls us the Lucky Fuckers!!"

And we laughed and cried holding each other and grabbing at each 
others' leaves, rubbing and squirming softly against each other, the 
belt still keeping us dripping belly to belly, Jimmy's baby cock still 
in my juiced-out pussy, still fat and happy in me and me so happy with 
those last orgasms that must have singed everybody's hair and it's a 
wonder there's a damn world to go back to and anybody alive in it, hot 
damn, I could hardly stand up and I knew I couldn't sit down, hot 
fucking damn!

And I can't exactly remember how I got down and out of there cause I 
was in cotton and all with sweet dark at every edge of me. But I do 
remember Julia--sweet Julia, bright red hair so soft I wanted to kiss 
her--leading me out through the crowd and I was still crying with the 
pain and the fuck and now embarrassed again in front of everybody, but 
going through the crowd holding onto Julia's sweet arm, and unsteady as 
hell up some stairs then in a locker room where I lay on a bench on my 
side exhausted while Julia undressed and I could see the sweet gauze of 
her flesh and then felt her next to me and lifting me again, helping me 
into the shower where she stroked me all over but didn't sex me up just 
cleaning me like you would a baby but her hands all over my flesh, and 
I was melting with even the effort to keep on my feet, so I leaned 
against the tile sides, then Julia lead me into a steam room, hot with 
steam and the air burning my ass cheeks and caught in my lungs at 
first, and she sat down and I lay down on my side with my head in her 
sweet lap with her long legs stretching down and away, and I could 
remember her soothing me through my soft tears, saying "Shush, little 
Sue, it'll be all right. It'll be all right honey," the way you'd do it 
to a baby who just fell down, "Shush, little Sue, go to sleep now, 
baby," and I was crying still but now also out of sheer gladness at the 
rim because Julia was hold me and stroking my face and hair and every 
now and then she'd stroke my shoulder then maybe my little soft titty 
then back to my hair, and I was smiling and drifting away in my soft 
tears no longer in spasms when I heard her say, "It's all over now, 
baby. It's all over until tomorrow. So hush, sweet Sue. Go to sleep. Go 
to sleep little baby," and I felt all safe and warm but I'd heard that 
word "tomorrow," and I struggled to open my eyes and finally could see 
her face, still drifting away though, questioning her with my eyes, and 
she said, "Oh, Sue, don't worry. Go to sleep. Go to sleep, little 
baby," and I wanted to but that word "tomorrow" stayed in the air 
before me and finally she said, "It's nothing to worry about now, sweet 
Sue. Go to sleep," but I couldn't and kept questioning her with my 
half-closed eyes, "Oh, Sue, go to sleep. Don't worry about it now. All 
that happens tomorrow is you get initiated by all the girls in the 
morning and then by all the boys in the afternoon. It's nothing to 
worry . . ."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  S. Q. Johnson(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





