BDSM Library - Laura




Laura
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After communicating with her master on the internet, she decided to accept the invitation of her master and receive some real discipline.
This is my first attempt at writing in english whitch is not my mother
tongue. Please forgive the numerous grammatical errors or misuse of words
that you will find and simply enjoy the story.

This story is of adult nature and should not be read by non-adults or if
the law prohibits it in your area. If it's the case, please stop right now.

Permission is granted to archive this story or repost it as long it is not
done for commercial purpose. In the case you are reposting, please make no
changes without asking me first or withdraw the present header.

Please feel free to send your comments at the following address :
anchor987@hotmail.com




Laura

chapter one / subteacher

When the airplane got out of the clouds, Laura took a glimpse down by the
window. The scenery down there wasn't familiar to her sight because she
never came to this city before. Rapidly, she registered the opaque blue
surface of the river crossed by many bridges. Then, the plane fell on the
right wing and she couldn't see nothing else than the white clouds and the
sun.

Ten minutes later, the American Airline Boeing 737 hitted the ground,
rolled on the airway et exited to the airline terminal where it stopped.
Slowly, the passengers picked up there things et proceeded to the building.
Laura was in no hurry because she didn't need to walk to the baggage claim
area, travelling light with a lonely bag. Carrying it, she passed the
customs and the immigration, arriving in the main hall.

Attempting to orient herself, Laura looked around, wondering if "He" was
there. Lots of hurrying people passed in front of her, nobody paying any
attention to this quite nice girl. And believe me, she could have kept
someone attention. Laura had nice brown hair to the shoulder and wonderful
dark eyes carefully maked up. She wasn't very tall, about 5'-6", but her
highheeled shoes raised her up. She wore a white blouse and a black skirt
over dark nylons. In a word, she was great.

Anyway, nobody tried to talk to this nice girl and she just left the
airport by taxi. As she has been told, she asked to be driven to the
belvedere at the top of the central park of the foreign city. A bit
surprised by such a request from a stranger who just arrived in-town, the
taxi-driver got downtown and then, turn north to the mountain whom was more
a hill than a real mountain.

Seated back, Laura plonged into her memories. One week ago, she got her
orders by E-mail as usual, but this time, she knew then that she might have
a chance to really meet her master. She just finished her forth year as a
primary school teacher, correcting the final exams and sending the results
to the school. She thought that she would make a trip to California to meet
relatives when she received the orders. She has been instructed to come to
this foreign city where she's never been before, well-dressed and without
any heavy luggage to visit for the week-end. The instructions were very
detailed, asking for special clothing, date and time of arrival, what to do
and how to do it, but were silent about what was going to happen after the
encounter took place.

The car stopped at the belvedere where people can look at all the
downtown part of the city. For a click of a second, Laura was tempted to go
back to the airport, but she restrained herself. So she paid the
taxi-driver, got out of the car which left soon afterward. Laura felt
lonely in that city she didn't knew and where she knew nobody apparently.
She asked herself what would happen if noone showed up. She didn't feel
very succesfull to find another taxi in the park late in the evening.She
took a good breath and started walking to the end of the belvedere where
she saw the beginning of a long wooden stairway that she had to climb.
Laura didn't need more than fifteen minutes to arrive at the top where a
long sidewalk amorced, disappearing after a brief left turn. Laura wondered
where she should be heading, but that wasn't very hard to find because
there was only one way out and a sign marked by an arrow annonced the
observatory.

Half an hour later, always bearing her bag, Laura arrived at the
observatory, another belvedere but serviced by a restaurant and equiped
with lots of seating. Only a few persons were there at this rather late
time, couples for the most part. Laura was tempted to go to the restaurant,
feeling a bit hungry, but she remembered her orders.

Laura took a place at the end of the seating area, found a big book in
her bag and started reading. It was a Stephen King novel that she has been
reading for awhile, but had not been able to finish before the end of the
semester. She read for more than hour, not knowing what she really want to
happen: being forgotten or picked up.

The man was there and he recognized Laura at her arrival; in fact, he was
at the airport when the plane landed and he very well knew everything about
that girl, having received many pictures of her by E-mail a few times. But
he was a very cautious man and he wanted to take his time, not rushing into
anything that he might regret later. So he approached Laura's place very
slowly, not staring at her a bit; he passed in front of her, looking at the
scenery down the observatory. He appreciated the young girl's obedience:
she never raised her eyes out of the book. Finally, he decided that the
time has come and he came in her back, silently.

The man stood right there for a moment and then, he told her:

- Stay where you are, Laura! Don't look back!

The young girl was frightened, but she remained seated, obediently. She
didn't whisper a single word as she has been ordered.

Quite satisfied, the man poursued:

- Now, we will leave, Laura. You get up, turn left and walk to the
parking area. I will be after you all the time!

Trembling, Laura put back the book in her bag and she prepared to leave.
It was the first time that she heard the sound of her master voice and it
wasn't what she has expected.

Laura left the bench, picking up her bag, making sure that she didn't try
to sneak back even a little, turned left and walked out of the observatory.
The parking lot was only a few minutes away from the observatory and there
were only four or five cars parked there. Laura didn't know which one she
should be heading for, but the man explained:

- The big blue car, Laura. You sit in the back!...

Laura walked rapidly to the only blue car that was in sight. When she
extended her left arm to open the back door, she heard the sound of the
locks being released. The man swiveled to the left side while she entered
the car; she had not a single chance to see his face.

The two of them seated in the big blue car, the man without turning his
head, but looking at her in the mirror, told her:

- There's a pair of sunglasses aside you, Laura, put them on, please!

Laura found the glasses and she did what he asked her to. They weren't
real glasses, but completely black ones liked the kind used by the blind.
She couldn't even look at the sides which were black-outed also. She felt
helpless, but the man started to talk a little more while he was driving
out of the parking lot:

- So you have decided to come, Laura?

First, she didn't know if she should respond, being afraid to show the
fear in her voice. But after awhile, she felt a little more relax and
answered:

- Yes...

- Yes, who? he asked.

- Yes, Master! I'm sorry, Master!

He laughed a little, continuing:

- Don't worry, Laura, I'm sure that you will be all right and remember,
nothing really bad will occur as long as you obey my orders.

- I will obey, Master, said Laura.

After a few seconds, the young girl demanded:

- Where are we going, Master, if I may ask?

He laughed again as if he heared a good joke, but he simply replied:

- That's one of the thing you can't ask, Laura. I'm sorry, but this
behavior may result in a little punishment... You should take a little rest
because we have about 90 minutes of driving to do...

Being silenced like that, the young girl leaned back, going to her
memories. A week ago, she was correcting exams, now she was in a way a
prisoner, freely in fact, but a prisoner. Laura started to remember the
first time she answered the ad in the newsgroup, soon after buying her
first computer and Internet connection. She did it primarily for fun, not
knowing what would come out of it. After a few exchanges with this
anonymous man, she wrote him about many fantasies that she had over the
years. Some were kinky and some were more romantic. Then, he proposed a few
assignations that she would accomplished and afterward, send him detailed
report about those.

Laura's first assignment took place in the secrecy of her home. She
blinded all the windows so nobody could see her and put all the lights off.
At precisely midnight, she got off the bed, fully dressed, stripped
completely room by room, finishing by the hall where she removed her
panties in front of the mirrored doors of the main wardrobe. She then
walked on all four inside de closet and performed masterbation for a long
time, thinking as she was ordered before, of her students seeing her bad
behavior. Just imaginating that some students would look at her naked and
playing with herself, she reached an orgasm. After that, she cried silently
in the closet, thinking that she wouldn't do such things anymore. But the
same night, she dreamed about it and caress herself while asleep, reaching
yet another orgasm. The next morning, her resolution has disappeared and
she wrote the report as told and even asked for others assignments.

With a smile, Laura remembered one of the last assignment she had
received. The man has ordered her to strip completely in the school
washroom and to get out of the cabin at the risk of being caught by
someone. At first, she didn't believe that she could do it, but she
succeeded, passing almost fifteen minutes naked in the washroom at a moment
she should be in class. Not being found by anybody, she dressed and she
returned in the classroom where she left her students on a mathematic
exercice. One of the girl request to go to the washroom, making her think
what would have happen if she had decided to go there by herself a few
minutes before. That night, Laura rewarded herself with many orgasms,
feeling very kinky.

But now, Laura had others thoughts in her mind. How was it going to be
where she was brought? Will it be only her and her master or will there be
other people? As for that time, everything Laura did for her master
involved only her own being. If she is asked to perform with individuals,
what will be her response? For a moment, Laura feared that she could be
sold to semeone not even being able to see her present master. She began to
feel shaky and once again thought that she should have stayed home. But at
the same time, Laura felt that special feeling between her thighs, starting
to get wet.

How long were they driving, Laura didn't know, but she became really
excited.




chapter two / the ritual

The trip lasted almost two hours, 30 minutes more than previouly said by
the man, but wearing black glasses, Laura didn't have the chance to check
her watch and she didn't mind anyway. The car ate the highway for more than
a hour, then exited to a smaller road, reducing its speed to meet the
regulation and continued near another hour. Laura recalled that the car
finally almost stopped, turn left to an unpaved road for a few minutes and
the engine was shut off. The young woman waited with a little apprehension.
Her master left the car, moved around it, his shoes making hard noises on
the gravel beneath and he opened the back door, announcing:

- We're arrived, Laura!

Laura left the car, her nose was fast filled with the smell of the
evergreen which surrounded them. She understood that they were in the
woods. The air felt a little cold as if they were up in the mountains.
Still wearing her black sunglasses that completely blinded her, Laura moved
a little, trying to regain blood circulation in her legs.

The man took her right arm, explaining:

- Let me help you, Laura. We have to walk about fifty feet to get to the
front porch.

They moved side by side for awhile, then the man raised her arm as they
jumped on a wooden deck witch screamed from their weight. He left her arm
to unlock the door, then he returned, leaving the entrance clear for her.

- Come inside, Laura, it's getting a little late, he told the young girl.

Becoming apprehensive again, Laura walked inside the unknown house.
He instructed her to continue to the center of the big room which occupies
much of the basefloor, telling her that he would signal her when she
reached the perfect spot. When she did, he told her to stop and he picked
up her bag.

- You won't need any of this stuff for the moment...

The man put the bag away, then he came back to her, ordering:

- Close your eyes, Laura, as I replace your glasses with a blindfold,
more suitable for the game we're going to play.

Laura didn't try to look around. As asked, she closed both eyes
completely and she waited. The man removed the sunglasses, assuring himself
that he was being obeid. He then took some kind of scarf, black, and he
secured it around the girl's head, attaching it very tightly with a velcro
band. After, he walked away from her, probably reaching for a cosy seating.

Laura didn't know what to do, so she remained still in the middle of the
room. She went back to her mind, wondering what she was going to encounter
next. For a brief moment, she asked herself how many people were there. Was
she alone with her master or was she displayed like a toy; how many were
there, looking at her in cold silence, thinking of things to do to her
helpless body? She almost asked about it, but she decided to remain
noiseless, in fear that this would cause her some problem.

The master let her in that immobile position for some time, then he
began:

- So, Laura, you have decided to come to meet mee?

Laura answered with her trembling voice:

- Y... yes...

- Yes, what Laura? did he reply.

Laura should have known that wasn't the proper way to answer the man's
question, she already did it the bad way in the car a few hours before. She
inclined her head obediently before saying:

- Yes, Master! I'm sorry, Master!

The man laughed for a moment.

- You learned fast, Laura, that's pretty good! Now, let's play for
awhile...

- Yes, Master, what do you want me to do?

The man remained silent for some time, then he asked her:

- Do you remember the stories I sent you, Laura?

- Oh! yes, Master, most of them, I liked all of them, you know...

- In that case, you should perform very well at this game, Laura...
Everything will depend on your good memories...

She struck her mind, trying to remember all the details that she has read
over and over in the previous months. There were so many things in these
stories and she couldn't recall everything. However, there were some
passages coming back from time to time, from one story to another, slightly
changed but most of the time recongnizable. Maybe, that's what was in her
master mind.

Finally, the game was called by her master:

- Laura, I want you to undress completely, but you must follow the
ritual!

The ritual. Laura wasn't surprised, it was almost in every story her
master wrote. But, Laura knew that any mistake done by her would engender
some kind of punishment. In each story her master wrote, there wasn't any
one where the submissive female didn't get a form of severe spanking or
even worse. Quickly, Laura got her mind organised to be able to follow the
ritual as every step succeeded in time.

Remaining silent, Laura kneeled down in place, trembling, waiting for the
beginning. Without any noise, the master raised, came to her and slapped
lightly her left cheek, ordering in a loud voice:

- Strip!

The stroke wasn't very hard, but even if she was expecting it as part of
the ritual, Laura was caught by surprise. She breathed slowly to prevent
her from crying and started to put all the pieces of the puzzle in place.
Her lack of precipitation almost cause her to forget to tell the ritual
sentence, which would have resulted in a severe mistake and eventual hard
punishment. With a faltering voice, she said:

- Master, I'm your sexual slave!

Then, remaining kneeled, Laura lifted both sides of her white blouse from
the skirt and slowly, very slowly, proceeded to unfasten every one of the
small buttons, starting from the buttom. When done, Laura opened her blouse
widely to show her black bra and she dropped the first piece of clothing on
the floor, away from her. She then got her belly flat on the ground,
beginning to crawl more or less straight ahead. Her groveling didn't take
very long before her forehead hit something hard whom she knew couldn't be
anything but her master's feet. Laura raised her head a little and gently
applied her lips on both shoes, kissing them. Following her reminescence of
the ritual, she got back on her knees to kiss her master's pants at sex
height. 

Apparently satisfied, the man helped Laura to get up on her feet and he
gave her a long french-kiss. But that was only the beginning. He pushed her
back and he smacked her on the same cheek, repeating:

- Strip!

Laura was more prepared this time and she lowered her head obediently,
going back about ten steps before kneeling down again.

- Master, did she say, I'm your sexual slave!

Laura managed to turn her skirt a little to reach the fastening which she
undone before pulling down the zipper. Using both hands, Laura lifted the
skirt over her head and disposed of it to the floor. She then raise her
arms to expose herself in her underwears. A second time, Laura proceeded to
submit to her master by crawling on the floor to his feet, worshipping both
of them and after, his sex. The man was tempted to pull out his cock, but
he decided that it was to soon in the game and that should be save for the
end. After Laura's rewarding french-kiss, the man pushed her once more,
slapping always the same cheek which was becoming more than pink.

- Strip! he commanded.

Laura groveled, got back to her original position and kneeled, stating
the ritual sentence:

- Master, I'm your sexual slave!

This time, it was the only place where she could pick up more than one
piece of clothing at the same time. Laura must get rid of her stockings and
garter-belt. It wasn't easy, being blindfolded didn't help her keeping her
balance and being obliged to remain in possession of her high heeled shoes.
Laura lifted her right leg and bended it, hoping that she would be able to
stand on her left foot and knee. She unfastened the right nylon stocking
from the garter-belt and pulled it to the ankle with both hands. Lucky for
her, she didn't fell down and was able to get rid of the stocking with one
hand while the other prevented her from losing the shoe whom returned to
the right foot. Laura repeated the same routine for the left stocking, then
pulled out the garter-belt. When she had repositionned her left knee to the
floor, Laura tought that she has been perfect. Unable to look at her
master's face for a clue, she hitted the floor and started crawling again.

Not knowing why, Laura wasn't rewarded by the usual french-kiss. Did she
make a mistake? What did she have done wrong? Her master cut short and
explained:

- You didn't expose yourself, Laura. That denotes a lack of
submissiveness!

The man didn't get on any detail about an eventual penalty and he slapped
her a little harder this time, while saying:

- Strip!

More frightened, Laura returned to her position to kneel and tell the
ritual phrase:

- Master, I'm your sexual slave!

Laura made an effort to remember the proper way to get rid of her bra
without doing another mistake. She lowered both shoulder strap with the
opposing hand and afterward she pulled down the bra below her chest,
reveiling her white breast. She continued by unfastening de bra itself and
get rid of it. This time, Laura took the time to raise her arms over the
head to pull her tits up and she counted to ten before hitting the floor
for her crawling. Now, it became a little more painfull. Her tits scraped
the old hardwood floor, picking splinters on the way and scratching them.
But her master seemed pleased and he gave her a much longer french-kiss.
However, he smacked her cheek harder again when he commanded for the last
time:

- Strip!

Laura was dubitative, wondering if she had made another mistake. She had
only one last chance to please her master; her panties were the last piece
of clothing that she had to remove. The young girl moved back, got on her
knees and finally said, nearly sobbing:

- Master, I'm your sexual slave!

Laura swiveled because the ritual ask to expose the buttocks first.
Crossing her arms in front of her, Laura caressed her naked body from the
shoulder down. When they reached the top of the panties, she inserted all
fingers along her waist, enlarging the underwear and pulling it to her
knees. Don't wanting to cause any other mistake, Laura separated the two
globes of flesh to show her anus; she even bent forward to expose it more
efficiently. Only then did she pulled out the panties and threw them away.
She slowly moved back, using her hip as a pivot to expose herself again,
but from the other side. Laura opened her thighs wide and tought that she
should give her master a kinky number. She separated her cunt lips with all
her fingers, using them to play a little with her clit. Her pussy was
becoming very wet as she heard a familiar sound, but not being able to
identify it. For the first time since the beginning of the strip game,
Laura remembered her fear that she might not be alone with her master.

Laura got back on the hardwood floor, naked but for her high heeled. She
crawled to her master's feet, worshipped them obediently, then she resumed
the kneeled position to kiss the pants at sex height. A big surprise
attended her. While she was expecting the warmth feel of the textile fiber
like before, she encountered a much hotter surface and slightly moist in
consistance. The young woman retreated for a second, remembering the
awkward sound previously heard. Nevertheless, Laura knew that she must obey
without reluctance to her master's will. So, she open her mouth to swallow
her master's cock, starting by rubbing her tongue to the sides and forward
end. He wasn't circumcised, so she could hardly get all the glans easyly to
suck it. Laura licked and sucked more and more with all her willing,
inducing great stimulis in the penis. The master didn't say a single word;
he just carressed her head, lifted her hair to have a good view at her work
until he couldn't restrain himself from cuming. Many spurts of sperm hitted
Laura's throat, making her nauseus but she managed to swallow. It was the
first time that she tasted cum and she was afraid that she might vomit,
that resulting in a severe penalty.

The man exited Laura's mouth, his penis now much smaller and flaccid,
almost breathless:

- That was great, Laura, really great! It was your first time, wasn't it?

Remaining silent, in fear that she would loose some of her master's cum,
Laura simply tossed her head affirmatively. She tried to swallow everything
in her mouth before she raise up. But the man ordrered her to keep the
kneeled position:

- Stay right there, Laura! Aren't we forgetting something?

Laura didn't answer, knowing too well where he was heading.

- You must be punish, Laura! stated the master in a rather merciless
voice. Don't move until I return.

Laura heard the man's paces going away and soon after, coming back. He
was carrying something that he laid on the couch where he seated before.
Then, he approached the girl.

- I want you to spread your thighs very wide, did he order, then cross
your ankles. Also put your hands in the back!

He first secured both hands together with what seemed to be an old
leather belt, making many turns before buckling it safe. Secondly, he tied
the ankles about the same way.

Once again, the poor teacher felt helpless. She didn't try to check the
restraints which she understood were sufficient to keep her bound.

The man let her standing there for a few minutes before he announced the
sentence; that would give her time to think. Every second felt like an hour
to Laura, anticipating what she would be subject to...




chapter three / the punishment

Laura was feeling aches below her knees; she was standing this way for
sometimes and would be gratefull to be relieve from this uncomfortable
position. Her master didn't seem to be bother by that as he walked around
her, waiting for the appropriate moment to begin the punishment. He found
great pleasure to be looking at such a nice girl with straight brown hair,
blindfolded, naked and at his mercy. Her breasts were not really big enough
for his taste, but he had seen them many times on pictures that she had
sent him by E-mail, so he knew what he was gambling for.

Judging that she had had more time than she need to ruminate, he stood in
front of her to declare the sentence to punish her improper behavior:

- Laura, you will be struck 50 times... with a leather belt, yes, Laura,
50 times! Ten on your back, ten on your buttocks, ten on the inner part of
your thighs, ten on your breast and finally... ten on your juicy pussy!

At this enumeration, Laura almost collapsed, but she managed to limit her
panic to more trembling. Fifty strokes for what she had done; what would it
be if she had done a real big mistake? She thought that it would probably
result in being torture to death. After all, maybe that's what was in store
for her anyway...

The punishment began. The first strike caught her off balance. The belt
hitted her accross the back diagonally, not very hard. But one stroke after
the other, the pain radiated in all her back, making her achy knees a lot
less important. The master counted the strikes at loud voice:

- One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine...
Ten!

The four last lashes were given with more strength, reverberating inside
her body. Forty more to go...

Now, the master moved down to her buttocks. Each cheek were hit
alternately, making them shaking.

- One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine...
Ten!

Again the four last strokes were a lot more painfull and the master could
see large red marks on each globe of flesch, over the entire pink buttom.
He poursued his task, getting in front of his female slave. The ankles
crossed and tightly tied pushed forepart the inner part of her thighs, the
most sensible. The belt cut the air.

- One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine...
Ten!

Laura almost collapsed under the beating. Alternately struck, her thighs
were all red and she believed that she would keep some markings for at
least a week afterward. The young girl thought that it was more than she
was able to support, so she tried to beg for mercy:

- Please... Oh! please, Master. No more strike, I can't take anymore...
It hurts so much! Please... please, Master, forgive me and don't hit my
breast and pussy...

During her training by E-mail, she had been asked to auto-discciplined
her, but she never used so much strength and she was never asked to hit her
sex. No response came yet from the man and Laura exploded in tears which
lead to a gentle caress on her cheek.

- Oh! Laura, began her master. I wish I could spare you, you're so pretty
and it breaks my heart to risk damaging such lovely parts of your body, but
you heard the sentence. What would you think of me if I'm not able to carry
on to the end?

- Please, Master, please, asked again the youg woman still in tears. I'm
in real pain!

- Lissen to me, Laura, did he tell her without any malice, you must
understand that pleading for mercy could result in a more severe
correction, like... let's say, doubbling the remaining strikes.

The sobbing stopped instantly. The young teacher realised that there
could be twenty more strikes applied over her lovely naked body.

- For this occasion, I will forgive your attitude, but we must proceed,
did he conclude before reaching back his position.

Laura snuffled and retook a more submissive posture, exposing her breast
for the next part of the punishment. The man didn't double the number of
strikes, but he applied all lashes full strenght everytime. The leather
belt slashed her breasts sometimes alternately, othertime both together,
leaving red lines on the white flesh as a reminder for the future.

- One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine...
Ten!

Laura's breasts felt terrible. They inflated upon the beating and the
nipples pointed straight forward. She believed that she was going to faint,
but her master let her take a few moments before administering the last
part of the penalty. This time, the man had no intention to strike rapidly;
he wanted to enjoy every one of the whiplash given by the belt.

Laura was shaking more than ever as she received the first shot. She felt
it like a mild spanking, not providing very much pain. She hoped that it
would continue like that, but she knew too well what was in store for her.

The second strike on her pussy was a lot more intense, causing her to
jump back. She struggled not to scream.

Another lash slapped her. Her pussy started to open like if it was going
to help her absorb the shock with the leather belt.

The fourth one looked very much like the third and she responded the same
way. Laura hoped that her behavior would please her master and reduced the
strenght that he would use later on.

The fifth strike was hard and the young girl jumped back once more like
after the second shot. No, the master didn't seem to be willing to spare
her. He paused for awhile, wanting her to regain control of herself. They
were halfway in the last stretch and he intended to conduct the game at his
own advantage.

For the sixth strike, the man took a good spring and he hit her upward,
covering all the exposed snatch length. Laura received it helplessly,
hoping that she would faint, causing the end of the game. But she had more
capability than she knew.

The seventh arrived soon after the last one, much in the same way. The
leather belt made its way between the cunt lips, biting the nymphs, burning
them like a fire. The pussy was inflame, but Laura felt an intense
excitement inside, at the edge of an orgasm. Could she be enjoying such a
punishment? She couldn't believe it and started to cry and scream at the
same time.

The master changed his position for the eighth shot. He placed himself
beside his slave, willing to hit diagonally and downward. The belt cut the
air again and hit the spot that was desired by him, her little clit. Laura
staggered under the pain, but she became all wet instantly, maybe pissing
on the floor.

- Oh! oh! said the master. It seems that we are enjoying to be whip on
the pussy, my dear Laura.

Laura breathed without answering, trying to drag enough power to survive
the last two strikes. Those came back to back, growing in force, upward
again, draining more piss mixed with cum on the floor. It was finish, at
least for the moment. Overcome by the pain and the stress, Laura collapsed
in her own juice.

More or less conscient, she noticed being untied by her master ans
carried to another room where she was cleaned up a little. Then she was
dragged to a bedroom and laid on a large bed. She felt in complete pain in
every part of her body and she weren't able to protest when she was tied by
all four members to each corner of the bed with big ropes. No escape
possible, she tried to recall all that has happen since her arrival.

Her high heeled shoes were removed, but the blindfold stayed in place.

- Goodnight, Laura! wished her the master with a rather calm voice. I
will take good care of you.

- Master, whispered Laura, did... did I perform well?

She thought that he was smiling when he replied:

- Yes, Laura, you did very well! I really like you...




chapter four / laura sees her master

When Laura woke up, in a matter of speech of course because she was still
bound to the bed, she felt that something was different. She wiggled her
head, trying to get her thoughts together. She had not sleep very well,
having so many nightmares, feeling hands touching her body, tickling her
achy marks, playing with her nipples and pussy.

Suddenly, Laura realized what had changed. The blindfold, it was gone!
First, she felt relief, but soon became suspicious again, wondering why she
had been unblindfolded after that incredible evening. Her dread that she
might have been sold to someone else returned.

Laura looked around at the bedroom. It didn't have anything special, was
furnished with a simple chair, a big chest, had darkwood walls and a small
window. By it, Laura saw only big evergreen trees, shadowing the sky.
Unable to do much, Laura waited for something to happen. About half an hour
later, the bedroom door opened and she was able to see a man entering the
room. He was approximately thirty-five years old, not taller than she, had
short auburn hair with green eyes. He wore aviator-type glasses and didn't
have anything very peculiar; in a word, he looked like anybody. The man
walked to the bed, looking at her with no apparent bad intentions. Was he
her new master?

- Good morning, Laura, he finally said.

Laura recognized her master's voice. So it was him. She closed her eyes,
thanking God, luring him to laugh a little.

- No, Laura, you haven't been sold yet!

She quickly reopened her eyes. Staring at him with saucerplates eyes, she
was stunned.

He explained to her:

- There is no mystery, Laura, you talk a lot in your dreams. You felt
that you were displayed before an audience, yesterday night, and that you
might be a prize for someone... I wouldn't have think of something that
hard for a first encounter, but if it's what you want to convince yourself,
I'm afraid that I can't do much thing against that...

He began to caress her with the end of his right hand fingers, first on
her thighs which kept purple marks. He moved to her red irritated pussy,
gently tickling it, causing it to open a little. Then, he got up to her
battered breasts, played with the erect nipples. Laura recalled that he had
previously done the same thing during her sleep, causing some reactions in
her dreams.

Before he untied her, the man put a large dog collar around her neck and
he fixed a leash to one of the rings that hung from it. Only then did he
start to remove the four ropes that kept her prisonner. Stretched as she
had been for all night long, the young woman had problems resuming blood
circulation in all her members, so the man helped by giving her a hard
massaging on both legs and arms. Fast she returned to somewhat normal
condition and tried to stood up.

- I'm sorry, Laura, but with a dog leash, you must walk on all fours.
Haved you often seen dogs standing on only two feet?

Another game, she thought while bending to take the ordered position.

- Now let's go visit the house, did he say, pulling on the leash beside
her. Oh! by the way, my name is Richard, but you might called me Dick if
you prefer... but only when we're not playing game, of course...

He finished the sentence, laughing a little again.

Laura followed him out of the bedroom and into what would be a big
livingroom. She found her clothes around the place, still on the floor. The
setting wasn't particularly well handled, not very clean; it looked more or
less like a hunter's cabin in the woods whom it  probably was. But
something was a lot more unattended and made her uncomfortable again.
Standing on a tripod, a videocam was pointing its objective at her; she was
videotaped and probably was also her last night performance. After all, she
figgured that she could still be a displayed toy before an audience; the
customers didn't need to be there in the first place. Laura started to
shake in fear and the man didn't try to releave her from her dread too
soon, enjoying a lot that mind game.
Finally, he sat on a chair, pulling the leash to direct her to his feet,
which she did, posing her head against his right foot. He caressed her
brown hair for a long moment, feeling her trembling state before he talked
again:

- My poor Laura, you still think that there might be dozens or even
hundreds of people looking at you right now, aren't you?

Without answering in voice, the naked girl turned her teary eyes to him.
He gently lifted her chin and said:

- You should have more confidence in your master, Laura.

- But the cam... she just began.

He returned his right hand to her long brown hair, letting them flow
between his fingers as he would have done with his dog and he continued:

- Let's get that straight, Laura. Yes, you are being videotaped naked at
my feet right now, you were since you entered this house and you will be
for the rest of your stay... But why, are you asking yourself. Just for my
personnal enjoyment, Laura. This could be the only time we meet in real
life, so I want to keep a souvenir. I sware to you that I don't intend to
make copies of the tapes, neither exchanging or selling them to anybody in
the whole wide world.

- Really? did she asked, forgetting to add tu usual "Master" to her
question.

- Yes, Laura, really! If you want to be my slave, you must accept this
videotaping as part of the agreement.

- For this occasion, only?

He nodded, correcting her:

- Forever!

Laura smiled for the first time since her arrival. Forever is a very long
time and she will have to live knowing that a very compromising item
showing her doing pervert stuff was existing somewhere and could be
reappearing at an awkward moment. It was like Damocles sword. She went
inside her, asking herself if it would be something that she would fear or
cherish secretly. When she looked up again at Richard, her mind was made as
she said:

- Allright!

This time, she recalled her mistake, almost instantly adding:

- ... Master. I'm sorry, Master. You can do whatever you wish with me
during my stay and you can tape everything. You can even sell them if you
like...

He acknowledged her submission and smiled back, unfastening the leash
while he changed the subject:

- You can get up on your feet, Laura. We'll return to the dog training
later. Aren't you hungry? It's almost noon...

He showed her the kitchen and explained that she had top prepare the
lunch for the both of them, being at his service. She asked what he would
like to eat, but he replied that he wanted to be surprised by her. Lucky
for her, Laura found a good assortment of food in the refrigerator. She
opted for shrimps and chicken and prepared a Valencia paella, a spanish
dish that she had cook a few times.

When ready, they sat at the kitchen table and enjoyed what she had done.
Richard seemed quite satisfied of her doing and he grants her after his
first bite. Only for the strange situation of being naked to eat, Laura had
a good time talking with him. He asked about her work as a teacher, but he
didn't tell her much about his own life. After lunch, they got back to the
livingroom and seated on the couch to relax. 

Laura was craving to ask some intimate question to Richard, but she
didn't want to unplease him. Being as submissive as she could be, without
been asked to, she kneeled on the floor, facing him.

- May I ask some questions, Master?

He smiled and answered:

- You may ask as many question as you like, Laura, but I can't promise
that I will give you all the answers.

She inclined her head, obediently understanding and began:

- Why am I here, Master?

- Why? Strange topic you're heading, Laura.

- I meant why haved you chosen me, Master?

- Because I wanted to meet you, Laura. The pictures you sent me were
wonderfull either you took them with a remote. And...

- And, Master?

- And you are a teacher, did he add with a smile.

- A teacher, Master? Is that important?

- Yes Laura, it is to me. I have to admit that I have a strong fixation
with female teachers since my eighth or ninth year in school. I wanted to
have sex with a few of them, but that didn't occur, unfortunately.

Now Laura knew a key element in her master's interest about her.

- How was the first one you had a crush on, if I may ask, Master? Was she
a bit like me?

He took a look back and he replied:

- She was about as tall as you, her hair was less dark, but for the same
length. For the rest, you wouldn't qualify for her twin sister...

Laura smiled at her master, understanding that she was in a way a mental
representation of his lost love. She wished that she could have been more
close to her appearance, but she was willing to do as much he would like
her to do to narrow the gap.
 		
- She was surely very pretty...

Richard wiggled his head.

- In a way, yes, she was, but you must not picture her as beauty queen or
a top model. She wouldn't attract much attention in the crowd, you know.

- What did she had that made you fall in love with her, Master?

Richard wiggled his head a second time and his cheeks became pink as he
admitted:

- Oh! Laura, she had big tits! It was the first time I realized that
breasts attracted me...

Laura felt embarrassed looking at her rather small tits.

- I wish I could do something to enlarge mines, Master, they are not what
you would have liked them to be, I'm sure.

He laughed and said:

- I'm afraid it's too late to plan a surgical operation, Laura. We must
find other ways to manage this little problem.

- Do you have an idea, Master?

He nodded yes, but he wasn't reddy to tell her what he had prepared for
her.

- We'll discuss this matter later, Laura. It will be another game for us
to play, I hope that you will like it. Do you have some other things you
wanted to know?

- Going back to your female teacher, Master, how did you support your
interest in her, if nothing happend between the both of you?

- Well, Laura, as you can imagine I fantasized a lot about her, using
commun event to dream of having her in a perverted situation. Would you
like to listen to one?

- Oh! yes, Master! said the young woman avidly.

Richard sat comfortably on the couch and started recalling his
recollection of a particular event:
- It was at the end of my ninth year at school, if I'm not mistaken, the
exams were all finished and the students had prepared a kind of celebration
to end the schoolyear. I wasn't very interested in any of that stuff, but I
went anyway to the gymnasium to attend a special event. To raise money for
next year sports equipement that the school couldn't afford, students had
planned a phony slave auction. Some students, teachers and even headmaster
would be sold to the highest bidder for a few hours of fun and the money
would go to the school sport department.
"As I have just entered the gymnasium where a good crowd stood, somebody
talked to me from behind. I turned around and it was my dear female teacher
who asked me if I was planning to buy myself a slave, knowing too well that
I didn't have a girlfriend, being too shy.
She left me and went to other business. I didn't really interest in the
slave auction, neither stayed there for a long time, but the same night I
imagined a great fantasy.
"We were all at the slave auction. After leaving me to go meet other
teachers, I heard three bully guies talking about her. They were saying
that they have planned to buy my female teacher with the help of the
student who had organized the auction. If they succeeded, they were going
to bring her someplace and sexually abused her. I didn't know what to do,
should I be heading to her and warn her about it. It would be difficult
speaking with her because of the loud speakers that were there. Fighting
with myself, I didn't do anything. The auction began, the headmaster was
the first to be sold to a friend of mine who loved politics and wanted to
discuss with him. Then a few students, boys and girls, were auctionned and
sold to their girldfriend or boyfriend. No teacher had been on the podium
yet.
"The auctionneer asked for a teacher to come forward. Noone did want to
come, but being the school union delegate, my teacher was sent by the
others. She finally got up on the stage and the auction resumed. My three
guies had dispersed in the crowd, but I recognized their voices when they
screamed prices for her. What could I be doing to help her? I reached to my
pocket and found a twenty dollars bill that my mother gave me early in the
schoolyear, in case something special should happen and I would have to...
say take a taxi to get home, being sick or else. I thought the situation
was serious enough and I screamed louder than the rest of the others:
Twenty dollars! The three guies didn't have that much and they couldn't
raise the bidding. But they were furious and were heading my way. I ran to
the stage, paid and took my teacher out of the gymnasium.
"She was surprised to see me, more to catch why I paid twenty dollars,
big bucks for that time for the only privilege to spend a few hours with
her. Only when we were in her school office, did I try to explain what was
going on. My explanation wasn't very clear, but she finally understood the
situation she escaped.  

Laura was devouring every word Richard said, making the story onroll in
her head. She expressed:

- So you have saved her life, Master!

- Oh, maybe not, but it's not yet the end of the story, Laura, did
Richard resume. In my fantasy, it was only the beginning. After hearing
what I had said, my teacher decided that she ought me a reward and called
my mother to see if she would agree to let me spend a week at her country
house. Believe me, it's a fantasy, my mother agreed. So we left to the
mountains after picking up a few things, let's remember that the school
year was finished.
"My teacher's country-house was way in the woods, much like here, and we
arrived late just before an incredible thunderstorm begin. We ran inside,
took a short meal and she showed me my bedroom.
"During the night, the storm became more violent than ever and the
electric power was shut off by a lightning fallen on a transformer. I
wasn't asleep, the thunder made too hard noises and I heard the bedroom
open. I heard my teacher whispering: Are you sleeping? I answered that I
couldn't get to sleep, so did she, running to my bed as a sudden flasch of
lightning appeared by the window. She told me that she was scared of
thunderstorm and asked me if it was okay that she spent the rest of the
night with me. The bed was a double one, so I told her that I wouldn't
mind. She jumped under the sheets and slicked close to me, trembling with
fear. It was only there that I remarked that she was completely naked. I
tried to comfort her the best way I could, holding her in my arms.
"The sky finally cleared around 4 o'clock in the next morning. My teacher
didn't had much sleep, but she felt protected, her head leaning on my
trunk. She asked me if I really tought that she would have been rape by the
three guies; I told her that it was a definite possibility and that I was
happy that I could help her escape that situation.
" And you, Richard? she did asked me. Don't you want to rape me? Don't
you want me to be your slave?
"I was astounded. She was willing to let me dominate her for the rest of
the week. She got out of the sheets and exposed herself in the morning
light by the window, showing me her breasts and pussy. She glanced at me
with excitement and she told me:
I'm your sexual slave, Richard!

- And you did, Master? demanded Laura.

The man smiled and he replied:

- I told you before, Laura. You won't have all the answers!




chapter five / laura goes underground

Richard and Laura spent the rest of the afternoon talking for most of the
time. After a short meal that she had prepared, they went back to the
livingroom. Instantly, Laura noticed that the videocam had been moved
somewhere else. She also remarked that her master's behavior had somewhat
changed a bit. He wasn't as gentle as before and he didn't want to discuss
anything. A little puzzled, Laura decided to remain silent, not wanting to
unplease him.

When they had taken a digestive drink, went to the bathroom and returned
to the livingroom, the man became slightly strange in his attitude through
her. He didn't seem patient and he suddenly signalled her to kneel beside
him. He put back the dog leash to her collar and simply explain:

- Now, Laura, we have to go back to work!

The young female wondered if it was the twilight that was acting on his
mind. Was she close from the truth or not? During the few hours before
dusk, Richard made her walk on all fours in every room, beginning to be
more rude each time he talked to her. She started to be a little scared,
but she tried to hide it from him.

The wall clock rang 9 o'clock. He just said, without any other
explanation:

- Ah! it's time for us to go downstair, Laura.

Laura didn't know that the cabin had a basement in the first place, but
she remained silent, in expectation. He pulled the leash and dragged her to
the treshold of a door. He opened it and a dark rectangular appeared. She
just saw the beginning of a stairway going down and he ordered her:

- Let's go, Laura, we don't have all evening...

The girl tried to stand up to walk the stairs, but he quickly hit her
buttocks with the leash, almost screaming:

- Since when dogs get down on a stairway on two legs?

- But Master, I risk falling...

- Shut up, slave! he cut her. Get on your hands and knees and start
descending! You'll have to find a way not to hurt yourself...

Laura was sure that she was going to tumble down. So she got flat on the
floor and crawled to the edge. She could hardly see for more than two feet
in front of her. Trembling, she extended both arms and secured her hands to
the first step. She crawled forward and she grabbed the next one with her
left hand before leaving the first from the security of her right hand. She
continued to the third, observing that her legs and feet couldn't help her
much, but made her able to lower her center of gravity as long as she
remained flat on the floor. At the fifth step, her pelvis went over the
edge of the stairway and she thought that she was going to tumble down
anyway. Scared like hell, she grabbed more firmly the step she was holding
and forced her to remain perfectly aligned with the slope of the stairway.
The next steps took her at least a minute each, so her master pulled on the
leash, whispering:

- Come on, Laura, hurry up!

How much other steps did she had to crawl down to? About ten, she
thought, continuing her crawling and firm grabbing. But after the eighth
step, Laura's hand touched something firm, longer than the usual step. Was
there an intermediate landing ahead? They were in complete darkness, so she
couldn't tell. She heard the click of a switch and a single lightbulb
lightened the basement.

It wasn't a real basement which it would have been a bit peculiar anyway
for a hunter's cabin. It looked more like a cellar. The floor was only
battered soil which had quite an irregular surface. The outside walls were
made of concrete blocks and showed only two vents that were closed by
pieces of plywood. No ceiling could be seen except for the hardwood
firstfloor and the beams that supported it. The height was only about five
feet below the beam, so they would have to remain bent if they stood on two
feet.

Richard became more relax and he told her:

- You are lucky, Laura. If we had rain the later days, you would be
crawling in the mud now...

The young female teacher remained silent, trying to look around the place
through the pale lighting. With fear, she saw an assortment of tools laying
on an old set of shelves. There were clamps, handcuffs, spreader bar, ropes
and chains. She even noticed a whip hanging from a hook. There were some
other things along, but she didn't think that they were necessary to the
following game.

- Welcome to my kind of dungeon, Laura, he said. I know it doesn't look
spectacular, but we will have to manage the most of it.

He pulled her by the leash to the center of the cellar and released her.
Suddenly, she realized that the disappeared videocam was now in sight, well
set to tape the evening game that they were going to play.

- Tonight, he said, you won't be blindfolded, but I decided to gag you
with this.

Richard pulled from his pocket a small and stretchy piece of black fabric
that she soon recognized as her own panties. He stretched them between his
two hands, swivelled around her and applied the gag after ordering her to
open her mouth. Silenced but for brief sound of muttering, Laura waited.

Richard took the handcuffs and a pair of strange restraints from a shelve
and went back to her, bending enough not to hurt his head on the beams. He
asked her to move her arms over her head and he handcuffed them. Turning to
the restraints, he explained:

- For these, you have to kneel.

She complied to his command. He fixed a big belt in the middle of each
thigh and a smaller one to each ankle. All four restraint were equipped
with a fastening system that enabled them to be attached together. Laura
had now her ankles bound to her thighs. Richard went to the shelves and got
back with a spreader bar that had restraints at both ends and he
positionned them between Laura's knees expanding her to the limit. 

- Now, he said, let's hang you to the beam!

The girl started trembling in terror, afraid that she was going to die
right there.

No, no, he told her impatiently. I'm not hanging you by the neck, Laura,
you don't have to say your prayers.

He used chains passing through rings screewed to the beams and the
handcuffs to haul her from the ground. When she got all her weight on her
arms, Laura managed to scream of pain that her gag reduced to mild
muttering.

To efficiently gain access to Laura's pussy, Richard had to remove the
spreader bar between her knees. He replaced the bar by attaching both ropes
tied to others rings on the ceiling main beam. Laura felt too weak to make
any effort to fight the oncoming, so she stayed in her stretched position,
her cunt widely open as an offering.
 
When all her weight was released to her arms, Laura believed that she was
going to be dismembered. The pain was tremendous and her ackward position
didn't help her to ease it. She tried to scream through the gag but weren't
able to drag much attention to her hard condition. Fortunately, after about
ten minutes, the pain faded lightly as long as she remained immobile. Tears
were falling from her eyes.

Richard decided that it was an appropriate moment to raise the level of
pain and he went to find hard ropes.

Now, he told her, let's try bringing those tits a little bigger...

He approached Laura slowly with the rope, leading her to swing to try
futily to escape which concluded to heavier pain in her stretched arms. He
stood behind her and let the rope fall on each side of the shoulders, then
returning to the front.

Let's tie those now! He speaked to himself.

He took both end of the rope, stetched them and started to make many turns
around each breast, very tight. After so many circles, he attached the
remaining end of both ropes one to the other with a big knot.

Laura had often seen tit torture pictures on the net newsgroup and she had
fantasized a lot about that. But nothing she imagined before matched the
incredible pain that start to build in both globes of flesh. Soon, they
were very hard retaining blood.

Richard approached her and he began caressing both breasts with his hands.
He wasn't making any harsh movement but any tickling would send waves of
pain inside. Laura tried to resist his touching, feeling a bit angry, but
this only resulted on him being madder. He went back to the shelves and
brought back an assortment of clothespins and clamps. Laura's eyes enlarged
with terror as she realised that he intented to use those while she was
still tit-bound.

Richard first applied a metal clip to her right nipple, then to the other.
Laura realised that her poor breast could endure a lot more pain than what
they had already suffered. The nipples were hard to erect because of the
high blood pressure in each breast, but the metal grip managed to find them
and immediately sent new waves of radiated pain. Afterward, Richard decided
to make a pattern around the nipples with clothespins biting in the flesh.
Six of them found a place in a kind of sun shape, just outside the dark
aureola. Strangely, Laura didn't really feel increasing pain from those,
except when they were first installed or being touched by her master.

This game continued for more than one hour. Each time, Richard had remarked
her helpless victim was beginning to lose conscience due to the suffering,
he took pride at playing with the clothespins or even the metal clamps;
this always brought her back to full consciensness, with sheer agony. He
finally got a little tired of that and he went picking up the whip. Laura
saw him coming back to her, but wasn't able to offer any resistance.

Don't worry, Laura, he said, I won't strike your breast tonight!

He did not tell her how much shots he was willing to give her, but he made
an accurate count of those with a loud voice. Due to low ceiling height of
the cellar, he wasn't quite able to hit her back with efficiency. So he
started to strike her buttocks with the whip, slamming them making swacking
sound. On each shot, Laura was pushed up in reaction, which concluded to
stretch again her arms when she returned down.

One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine... Ten!

Richard moved in front. Laura's face was red and covered with perspiration
drops. Making efforts to hit up of the restraint belt, he directed his next
strokes to the upper and tender part of both thighs.

One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine... Ten!

When he stopped, the girl's upper thighs were striped with red marks that
soon turned purple.

To efficiently gain access to Laura's pussy, Richard had to remove the
spreader bar between her knees. He replaced the bar by attaching both knees
to ropes secured to others rings on the ceiling main beam. Laura felt too
weak to make any effort to fight the oncoming, so she stayed in her
stretched position, her cunt widely open as an offering.

With all his strenght, Richard actionned the whip again, aiming to Laura's
pussy.

One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six... Seven... Eight... Nine... Ten!

Laura felt an incredible burning between her cunt lips. But she didn't
faint, feeling an even more incredible excitement that lead her to cume
right then. Richard decided that it was enough with the whip. He approached
her and touched her ravaged pussy with his fingers, holding them before her
eyes afterward.

Laura was scared to death when she discovered that blood was mixed with her
cum.

Good thing I didn't whip your breast, Laura, did he say. That would have
made the rest of the game impossible for you to endure.

So, it wasn't finish yet. Richard removed the ropes that tied Laura's
breast that soon felt more relief, although they remained inflated and very
painfull. Any touching to them would send back waves of pain inside.

Richard unfastened the restraints that bound the thighs with the ankles,
but he didn't remove them. He simply fixed them to rings attached to joists
hanging from the beam. Laura was now hanging just below the cellar ceiling
and fortunately it relieved her arms from about half of her weight,
distributing the rest to her thighs and ankles. He also put a kind of large
leather strap below her tummy and fixed both ends to chains attached to the
main beam. Laura's breast was pushing downward due to gravity, so was her
head as she saw the rest of the man's preparation. Richard brought an
adjustable stool that he put just below Laura'' breast before he started to
raise the seat by unscrewing the endless screw under it. When the seat
arrived about a foot of the breast, he put a plywood box on it and resumed
raising it. He only stopped when most of Laura's tits were hidden in the
woodbox without touching the bottom nor any side.

The young teacher was puzzled. What was he going to do to her? He didn't
give any clue as he opened a can of a kind of oily nature that smelled
really bad. Unable to evade the bas smell, Laura tried to close her
nostrils, but she soon realized that she had already less breathing
capacity with the gag and she stopped. Richard took a small paintbrush,
sank it in the can and started mysteriously to apply the oily liquid to the
interior part of the box and to her breast, sending pain to them, making
her jump a little.

I know, Laura, did he say without stopping his kind of painting, it smells
and looks bad, but tomorrow you will thank me for it as it would be a lot
more painfull if I don't.

Richard got rid of the paintbrush, closed the smelly can and disposed of
them. He returned with a pair of metal container, a heavy bag and a trowel.
The first container was empty and covered with kind of gray dirt; the
second had water in it and a plastic cup floating in it.

With tears in her eyes, swet dripping from her forehead and cheeks, Laura
had difficulty following what was going under her. She desperetely tried to
read what was written on the bag. Her view was troubled, but she finally
did understand what the inscription was : fast setting cement. She asked
herself with an invisible smile if he intended to sink her in a river with
concrete blocks chained at her feet. Soon she realized what was his goal,
not her feet, but her breast...

Richard didn't say anything, but he carefully mixed the powder from the bag
with the water, adding a few little pieces of rock from the ground. Using
the trowel, he made certain that all the metal container was well mixed and
he began putting part of it in the box. When the trowel touched her skin,
Laura tried to evade the sufferings, but wasn't very successfull. The box
was filled to the top and Richard used his hands to make sure that both
breasts were fully deepened in the formwork. Assured about that, he stood
apart and he told her :

Now, Laura, we just have to wait until tomorrow. It's quick drying cement I
used, so it will be quite hard next morning.

Laura realized that she was going to spend the entire night in the cellar,
bound to the ceiling and her breast in the formwork. She tried to beg him
to spare her that awfull task, but the gag prevented most of her sounds and
he left her in that awkward position. Richard stopped the videocam,
returned to the starway, giving her a last look before disappearing. Laura
thought that he looked happy and that made her feel loved.

Then Laura heard a well-known click of an electric switch and the only
lightbulb was shut off. So she had to stay in complete darkness for the
rest of the night. She started to feel a little afraid when she heard
strange noises below her : it looked like something was moving down there,
maybe they were mices, she thought, a little bit scared. She didn't like
those kind of animals, even if they weren't able to cause her much harm in
her position. After that, she felt that something very small was walking
over her naked back, tickling her skin. It was probably just a little
spider, but the thought didn't comfort her one bit.

But after two hours hanging there, Laura found that something was a lot
more terrifying than the darkness, the mice or the spiders. Laura recalled
that her breasts began to experience another sensation other than their
previous sufferings. The quick drying process was causing heat to disperse
and it was radiating through her achy tits, ... burning them!




Chapter six - from slave to slave

Laura had fallen into a state of half conscienceness after a few hours.
The burning fire in the concrete box slowly faded and in the morning, the
young bound girl was almost asleep. Suddenly, the lightbulb popped on,
making Laura's sore eyes blinked. She heard paces in the stairway and
Richard appeared in sight. He came to her and he removed the painties from
her mouth, while asking :

How was your night, Laura?

She turned her head toward him, but when she opened her lips, no sound came
out, she was probably too weak. Realising that, Richard took his attention
to her breast burried in the concrete box.

Did it feel hot, Laura?

She nodded with difficulty.

Richard started to remove the formwork with a few tools, woodscissors,
srewdriver and a hammer. The plywood quicly removed, Laura stood astound to
see her dear tits incased in the hard concrete cube.

The man looked at her with a smile.

Now, let's see if we can get those tits to grow a bit! he said almost
jokingly, starting to lower the stool seat. Laura immediately felt the
increased weight hanging from her breast and found back her shattered
voice, pleading :

No, please, Master, stop!

He didn't answer, but he stopped his unscrewing after two more turns.
Laura's achy breast were dragged down only a few inches, but she felt that
she would be thrown apart. He approached her back and asked, posing one
hand over the elongated left breast.

Does it hurt, Laura?

She turned her teary eyes, hoping for mercy.

Oh! Master, it's like hell, please don't do it more!

Richard felt sorry for her suffering for the first time since her arrival.
Maybe, he has gone too far. He quickly raised back the seat until the
concrete block could remain on it.

We still have something to do, Laura, unless you want to keep this concrete
brassier forever...

Please, do it fast, Master! I can't stand it much longer!


Richard picked up his hammer and a big scissor and he started breaking the
block apart in small pieces. Because the concrete just had about six hours
of setting, it didn't take him very long, not being too hard. After about
ten to fifteen minutes, Laura's breasts were set free from their
encasement. They were bigger than ever, all red and sore beneath the oily
surface. Laura recalled her master's last night remarks and understood the
purpose of the oil; it made a repulsive to forbid the concrete to adhere
too much on the skin. It surely would have been a lot more painfull for her
then. Eventhough, looking at her damaged tits, Laura couldn't support more
and she fainted.

When she regained conscienceness, Laura was lying on her bed, her master
quietly seating and staring at her. He had cleaned her completely from any
oily stain, but all the beating that she endured left some marks. Most of
all, her tits were still inflated and she wouldn't want anybody to touch
them.

How are you feeling, Laura? Did he ask, a bit afraid.


She wiggled her head and managed to smile :

I... I think that I'll survive, Master...

He smiled back and added :

You were long gone, Laura! I was afraid for you! Maybe, I shouldn't have
left you down there all night long...

She stared at him, a mixed feeling in her head. It was late in the day and
like yesterday, Richard looked a lot more relaxed as if there was two of
them, a kind of split personnality character : one charming and friendly in
the daylight, the other, the cruel master at night. Strangely, Laura was
attracted to both sides of him, even if he may have gone over the edge last
night,

With her soft voice, she demanded :

Are you happy with me, Master?

He bent to her and he gently kissed her on the lips.

I think you're the most wonderfull person in the world, Laura... and most
certainly, the most pleasing slave a man can get. Things I have done to you
scares me, you know. It's a good thing that you are leaving today.

Laura recalled that it was Sunday and that she had a plane to catch in the
evening.

I suggest you take the rest of the day to recover, he proposed to her. I
will bring you something to eat...

Moments later, Richard came back with a platter of bread, cold cut meat and
coffee. Laura tried to raise her by the pillow, but he had to help her a
bit. The young woman had not a big appetite, anyway, she forced herself to
gain some energy. Feeling better, Laura decided to get back over her
inquisition from yesterday.

Don't you think I deserve the rest of your fantasy about your female
teacher, Master?

You still want to find out, aren't you, Laura?

She nodded, smiling avidly.

Well, allright, where were we? Oh! Yes, in the morning, she got out of bed
and stood barenaked in front of me, asking if I would like her to be my
slave for the week... First, I didn't know what to say or to do, being too
excited looking at her. So she kneeled to the floor and started walking on
all four, letting her big boobs hanging low. This would drag me into a
really big erection that she noticed instantly. Without saying anything
else, she threw out the sheets and grabbing my cock, she began sucking. I
didn't know if it was her first blowjob, but I didn't care and I fast
cummed in her mouth. Staring at me, she forced herself to swallow all my
load.
" I told her I was sorry and started to cry, but she didn't let me. She
kissed both my feet saying : don't be sorry, I'm your slave and I must do
whatever please you, as long as you remain my master.
" We have stayed in bed for most of the first day as she helped me perform
sex fort the first time of my life. She made me cum at least ten times that
day and I was exhausted. For the night, she asked me if I was willing to
let her sleep with me which I did. I was feeling so powerfull to have her
as a slave not really knowing what it was really meaning.
" The next day, as she had urged me to, I forced her to do things unusual.
We went to a walk by the woods and suddenly, I ordered her to stop and
strip all of her clothes and abandonned them as we went along. In the
beginning, I didn't know if she was going to comply, but she did. It was
really exciting for me to see her naked walking in front of me. After an
hour into our promenade, she stopped between two trees and grabbed two
small branches, pretending that she was tied. She turned to me with kinky
eyes and asked if I would like to whip her. I stood astound at such a
request, but I unbuckled my belt and began to hit her with it first in her
back, then down her buttocks. When they were all red, she motioned to me to
switch side and resumed the beating to her front. I was scared, but I
continued hitting alternately her breasts, thighs and pussy as she
separated her thighs to give me access. I felt so excited, it almost put me
out of my mind. Just when I finally stopped, she collapsed to the ground
and she crawled to my feet, raised to kneel, unzipped my pants and pulled
my cock to suck again. I ejaculated faster than the first time and much
stronger. For the rest of the week, we did that every day.

Richard stopped speaking. Laura could imagine his excitement being arouse
herself by the telling.

Did you have another fantasy about her, Master?

Many more, Laura. I guess you want another bedtime sex story?

She kept smiling, nodding yes.

In her english class that I attended, there was that annoying girl, Maryann
was her name. She was always making fun of me in front of the others,
telling everybody that she was going to go out with me and so on. I wasn't
found of her in anyway. I didn't like her look, the way she dressed,
neither her make-up too old for her age and her hair too straight like a
cleaning mop. And she was too skinny. My female teacher knew my problem
with her, so she helped anytime she could, asking her to leave me alone and
mind her own business.
" That wasn't sufficient, unfortunately and Maryann kept coming at me. So
my teacher decided to give her a hard lesson. She saw her talking to
another girl, Daniele who was known to be a bitch; they were leaving a
remote locker room of the school together and it wasn't the first time that
she had seen them around there. My teacher went talking to a friend of her
who specialized in alarme security device and she borrowed from him a
minicamera which she secretly installed over the higher shelf in the locker
room, facing the door. Everyday for a week, she went back to change the
cartridge and brought them home to check if something interesting was
happening inside. Finally, she caught them and she asked me to come over at
her house and she showed me the tape. We saw Daniele and Maryann entering
the locker room, locking the deadbolt. There wasn't any sound, but the
image told us everything that was neading. Maryann stood in the middle of
the room and Daniele walked straight to her, unbutting her blouse as the
other also did. They both removed their bra and began caressing eachother's
breast and kissing themselves. I couldn't believe my eyes.
" Now, said my teacher, we have what we need to take care of that annoying
Maryann. I stood there excited, but I didn't know where she was heading.
She approached me and she asked if I wouldn't be interrested in acquiring a
second female slave. Remembering the week spent at her countryhouse, I
became extremely excited and I accepted the idea.
" The next day, my teacher called for Maryann at the closure of the class
and told her that she wanted to see her at her office door by four o'clock
because she had serious matter to discuss with her. Not having any clue
about what was in store for her, Maryann went to the meeting. She knocked
on the door and when called in, she entered the teacher's office where she
was a bit surprised to find a TV set hooked to a VCR. She was asked to be
seated and the teacher started the tape. You could imagine her face when
she saw herself playing with Daniele's tits. She jumped on her feet,
shattering and staring in complete jeopardy to her female teacher.
" You have strange games to play, Maryann, she told her. I don't know if
your parents would like to see this tape. The girl started crying and
pleading that she wouldn't do such thing, offering to do anything in
exchange. After letting her beg a little longer, my teacher ask her if she
would agree to come pass the next week-end with her at her countryhouse,
doing chores. Not suspecting anything, Maryann agreed simply forseeing some
work to be done.
" Of course, Laura, we both know that there was a lot more than just manual
works to be done when she would get there. At their arrival, my teacher
obliged her to put a blindfold not letting her any escape. She bound her
hands in her back with ropes and she pushed her inside, saying :
"  If you don't do as you are told, your parents will get that video and
I'm pretty sure that you will be severely punished, Maryann. My teacher
lead her prisoner to the bedroom I previously used and she tied her to the
bed. I was already hiding in the closet waiting for the appropriate time to
appear. My teacher undressed Maryann and also stripped naked after.
"  So you like to play with bigger tits than yours, Maryann, she told her,
let's see if you like mines. She crawled over the young body and bent her
breast to her mouth asking her to lick them. First, she didn't want to
perform but when she was raminded of the tape being sent to her parents,
she began using her tongue. She seemed to be pretty good at it as our
teacher becamed rapidly excited. She moved up to the young girl's head,
burrying her pussy to be also licked there. Maryann looked a little
disgusted, but she managed to do it and had her climaxed in no time.
" I exited the closet and stood against the bed, Maryann knowing anything
about that. My teacher saw me, smiled and expressed : she's a real bitch;
she sucked like a lesbian. Understanding that someone else was in the room,
Maryann stopped licking, in panic. Don't you dare stop, Maryann! Screamed
my teacher. Resume your task at once or I'll whip your butt real hard!
Maryann forced herself to work again on my teacher's cunt who climaxed in
no time. Exhausted, she jumped off the girl, fingering me to take her
place. I stripped, kissed my teacher and placed myself kneeling over
Maryann's head, my cock already long and stiff. It was decided previously
that I would not speak, not to make her aware of who I was, so it's my
teacher who ordered the young girl to start pumping my prick. Not being
able to do much to escape the task, Maryann open her mouth and let me push
my penis inside; she closed her lips around it and she resumed sucking. She
had a big throat where all my cock could slip and I started to like her a
lot more than ever before. Not wanting to tchoke her, I pulled out just
before I exploded, splashing her face with my spurts of cum which dripped
from her chin and cheeks. She began to cry and my teacher approached her to
remove the blindfold.
" You shoudn't be crying, Maryann, I thought that you would love to do that
to your boyfriend. She screamed " Dick " while she recognized me, her tears
changing to joy. All that she ever wanted from me seemed to be possible
afterall. I changed position to start playing with her body, pinching her
rather small tits and nipples. My teacher got back from the window where
she was standing and she began licking Maryann's pussy, bringing her to
climax at her turn. The young girl was out of her mind with excitement and
she hardly could understand what was happening.
"  You're asking yourself what's the idea behind all of this, said our
teacher. Well, Maryann, believe it or not, I'm Dick's sexual slave and
you'll have to be his too...
"  Sexual slave? She repeated, astounded.
" Yes, Maryann, when we are here, he's the master and we'll do whatever he
asks us to please him. We have to surrender sexually to his will. You have
no choice since we have this tape of Daniele and you.
"  I don't believe you are a slave to him, she argued. Why would you do
such thing for a boy his age?
"  Just because he seaved my live, a few months ago. Due to his
intervention, I escaped gangrape and so, I figured that I ought him
everything.
"  I still find that hard to believe, Maryann insisted. A slave?
"  Knowing that may be sufficient to convince her, my teacher kneeled back
to me, showing her buttocks. Please, Master, she pleaded, please whip your
little slave. I went back to my pants, pulled the belt and came back in
just a few seconds. Not restraining my strokes, I began to whip my
teacher's back and buttocks in front of the young girl. Maryann felt both
horrified and excited by the scene. At each stroke, my teacher would jump
and breath with some kind of ecstasy. After about twenty shots, she looked
horny and told the girl : it's so good being whipped by your master,
Maryann, don't you want to join me?
"  Quite afraid, Maryann noded yes, so I untied her and she kneeled close
to her teacher, ready to be punished. I resumed slapping both butts with my
belt, not too hard because it was the first time for one of them. My
teacher had her load, so after asking permission from me, she got down on
her back and slided under her new companion to start sucking her pussy a
second time. Maryann reached an orgasm quite fast, so I ordrered her to
respond the same way to our teacher. The rest of the week-end is history
and both remained my slaves...

The bedtime story seemed to work quite well as Richard saw Laura fall
asleep. He removed the luch platter silently and he let her rest quietly.
He kept looking at her for a long moment, wondering if he could have her
comeback in a near future... maybe with someone else.




Chapter seven - farewell

At the time she finally awaked, having a bit recovered from last night
activities, Laura looked at the alarmclock over the big chest and noted
that it was past four o'clock and that she might hurry up if she didn't
want to miss her plane. She got herself off bed, feeling still shaky and
having bruises all over her body; she approached the big foot mirror
standing in a corner of the room and stared at herself. Surprisingly, she
found out that no marks that she had would show when fully clothed whitch
was a fair good thing. Making sure not to touch her breasts that remained
the most suffering part, Laura began softly carressing her body; each time
her fingers would meet some markings, they would send waves of pain inside
that cause her to become wet. She decided that she was hung to those things
and wished for more.

Laura had to fight with her desires to pull herself off these thoughts.
She must prepare to leave. Abandoning the mirror, she found all of her
clothes had been brought in the bedroom and carefully put on a chair.

Laura put back her painties without being able not to smell them first,
recalling the night that she had those stuffed in her mouth as a gag. She
then carefully put her stockings and garter belt. Then it was time for her
bra, but she soon found out that she wasn't able to stuff her achy and
still inflated breasts in; they were too big now. So Laura decided not to
wear her bra and she rapidly completed her dressing by putting back her
blouse and skirt. Laura got her high heeled shoes  and after grabbing her
bag, she went in the livingroom where Richard was quietly seated on the
couch, reading. Laura hided her black bra behind her back and came to him.
He stopped his reading, put down the book and looked at her with hungry
eyes; he had no problem finding she wasn't wearing her bra as he saw those
pointing nipples and aerolas through the sheer fabric of the white blouse.
He noticed her left hand remaining in her back and he asked :

What's your hiding back there, Laura?

She smiled and brought front her hand where she had stuffed the black bra.
She said :

I was hoping you would accept this as a souvenir, Master!

He extented his right hand, took it and smelled it without leaving his eyes
from her.

This is very sweet of you, Laura. I will always keep it close to me... Are
you set?

She noded and asked :

When are we leaving, Master?

Your plane is at eight o'clock, we still have about 30 minutes to an hour
to wait unless you're too eager to leave right now. It's up to you!


Laura thought a bit. Her master haven't touch her since he unhung her from
the cellar ceiling at dawn this morning. It might be her last chance to
please him. Her mind was fast made, so she came closer and kneeled before
him, saying :

Please, Master, don't you want to enjoy your little slave for the last
time?

He looked at her, a bit puzzled by her request. He replied :

I thought that you had enough, Laura. I spanked and whipped you much harder
than I would have wished. Your breasts and pussy must be painfull...

The young teacher lowered her head and told him :

Yes, Master, but I'm found of every stroke you gave me if it pleases you.
Anyway, there's a place that you didn't use much yet.

Richard moved his eyebrows up, even more puzzled :

What's that, Laura?

Without saying a word, Laura swiveled, raised her skirt and pulled down her
panties, reveiling her buttocks striped with whiplash marks. She separated
her asscheeks and turned her head to him, proposing with a kind of kinky
little slut voice :

Don't you want to fuck your little slave in the ass, Master? I'm sure she
deserves it and that she wouldn't mind.

Richard stood up and stared at Laura, with full opened eyes, sensing his
cock starting to harden. He quickly unzipped his pants, letting his hard
rod raise and he jumped kneeling after her. Taken by surprise, Laura
surrendered to her master and pushed her head to the floor, this raising
her butt to be assfucked.

Richard grabbed both asscheecks tightly and he positioned his cockhead just
at the girl's little threshold. Letting his mind flow to his darkside, he
spanked Laura's cheeks noisely, forcing her to open her ass by surprise and
he buried his meat shaft inside her bowells. The girl shouted as if she had
been perforated by a sword, but soon she started to enjoy the feeling and
she helped him by bouncing back toward him. She was sodomized for a long
time, Richard tried to cool himself when he thought that he was about to
cum, then he resumed. Thirty minutes had passed when he finally couldn't
prevent himself from cuming and shut his lood in the girl thight ass. After
that, they crumbled to the floor, both exhausted.

Oh! Master, managed to say Laura. It was so good... Now, every one of my
holes have been punished one way or the other.

Richard helped her get back on her feet, saying :

Laura, this is silly, if we don't get going, you may miss your plane!

After he put back his pants, quickly followed by the shaking teacher, he
grabbed her bag and ran outside. He almost forgot to lock the cabin door.
Laura couldn't help her not laughing looking at him acting this weird. They
got in the car and he pushed the peddle to the floor, trying to regain some
of the time they lost.

I think that you are becoming hornier than me, Laura, he told her, finally
regaining his selfcontrol and starting to laugh too.

Laura stopped laughing and asked :

What's the big rush for?

I don't want you to miss your plane back, he answered.

Would it be such a big thing if I miss it? Or are you happy to get rid of
me?

Richard raised his foot, leading the car to reduce its speed. After some
time, he replied :

No Laura, I'm not happy that you are leaving, but I think that we both need
time to put things in perspective.

A hard silence fell between them and it stayed that way for about an hour.
Finally, Laura said, understanding that they should be approaching the
airport :

Will we met again... Master?

He didn't answer right away.

I really don't know, Laura.

Oh! she did, pouting, starting to get red. I understand, you have others
slaves to train to your needs.

Don't say that, Laura.

Please, Master, I want to know. How many slaves do you own?

The man decided to pull over the road, knowing that they had regained more
time than needed. Not stopping the engine, he turned to her and told her
looking through her eyes :

Listen ,Laura, I want you to believe me. There's never been another slave,
never...

She looked at him, speechless.

It was a fantasy for me, to dominate a woman, right from the beginning when
I began that e-mail thing. You were the only one to show interest. All the
others replied only to make fun of me or sent insults, although I had never
asked them to do any hardstuff. But you were kind to respond to me and play
along. Everything we did at the cabin, I had planned with you in mind,
looking at your pictures. I'm sorry, Laura, I'm not in any way the
experienced master that you might think I was. In a way, I'm an imposter,
please forgive me...

Laura was astounded by that revelation, but she soon tried to make the best
of it. Maybe, she might be able to fulfill both their needs.

Richard got back on the freeway and drove to the airport. Just when they
entered the airport parkade, Laura decided to make her last attempt to keep
the bridge between them open.

Dick, she said for the first time as he stopped the car. I don't want to
lose you, I think I love you!

He turned to her, this time himself unable to say anything.

Yes, Dick, continued the female teacher, I love you! What you made me do
this week-end, I will never forget. You opened a new life for me, bringing
up feelings I couldn't believe I had burried inside. It was weird, I know,
and painfull too, but I loved every minute of it. I don't want this to end
just now and never be able to encounter these feelings again. Please, Dick,
sware to me that you will soon bring me back and... play with me...

Richard couldn't say no to such a request. He grabbed her and kissed her a
long time, saying that he loved her too and that he looked forward for
their next meeting.

Less than half an hour before the departure time, Laura picked her boarding
pass and they left eachother after another long and pationate kiss at the
door. Richard went to see the airline take off from the galery, wishing he
would be able to duplicate this week-end in a very near future.

Laura knew he was there and she got her eyes focussed to the airplane
window until it rolled on the airway and took off. She then looked around
her and saw that there weren't many people in her section, so she would be
free to relax during the flight.

A pretty female attendant approached her, asking if she would care for a
drink whitch she agreed to. As she came back with the rum and coke and
extended her arm to give it to the passenger, she couldn't help seeing that
she wasn't wearing a bra under her white blouse and her face changed
colors. Laura did recall the airline person reaction and stared at her for
a moment. Before that week-end, she would have fallen into humiliation, but
now it made her feel much more excited.

Some time in the flight, Laura felt that she needed to go to the toilet, so
she got to the back of the plane, where the wc was closer for her and
whitch was accross the flight attendant post. As she walked there, Laura
saw the female stewardess who gave her her drink and who again became
nervous looking at her, blushing on her cheeks. Laura went to the toilet
and after that, washed her hands, looking at herself in the mirror. She
asked herself what Richard would like her to do. She felt more excited
thinking about the flight attendant being only a few feet from her.

Am I going to do it? She whispered to herself, beginning to get a really
kinky thought, probably the same that Richard would have had.

Laura slightly opened the door to make sure she was still there and alone,
then quicly closed it back. She turned to the mirror and slowly unbuttoned
her blouse all the way, making sure her swollen breasts show. Then, she
opened the door.

As if she was hoping for such a thing, the flight attendant was facing her
with saucerplate eyes. She could see not only Laura's breasts, but also all
the redness, the bruises and the markings who resulted from the the
previous beatings. The airline girl was speechless, her mouth hanging,
trying to catch her breath and she remained silent. Happy to be seen in
such a slutty manner, Laura put her hands over her breasts and caressed
them, sending painfull waves in all her chest, forcing her to moan
silently.

Laura would have continue to tease the pretty flight attendant, but one of
her male companion was heading back to start the meal service, so after a
brief wink in her direction, she closed the door, redone her blouse,
recomposed herself and went back to her seat.

Once again, it was the female flight attendant who gave her her meal plate.
This time, Laura took a glance at her, appreciating her blue eyes, blond
hair and apparent firm bust.

Oh! Dick, Laura whispered to herself. I wish you were here with me and see
what I have done. You made me really horny.

An hour later, the plane landed at Laura's city airport. When she passed in
front of the female flight attendant, she made an unfortunate fall and she
grabbed her hand to regain control, excusing herself. In the process, she
managed to give her a small piece of paper with her first name and phone
number on it, hoping that she would respond.

In the cab that was driving her home, Laura thought vividly about Dick and
the pretty flight attendant. She knew that she was going to masterbate upon
her arrival at home. When she reached her place, Laura had to hurry up,
unlocking the front door because the phone was ringing. She ran to it,
throwing her bag on the couch, but it wasn't fast enough and the line was
dead.

I wonder who it was, she said to herself.

She dropped exhausted on a near chair, forgetting her masterbation program.
Ten minutes later, the phone rang again. Laura took the call immediately : 

Hello...

Hello, responded a female voice. May I speak to Laura, please?

This is Laura, who am I speaking to?

My name is Suzan, we just met... I'm a... I'm the flight attendant who served
you on flight 534... I'm trying to reach you for half an hour...

Laura was silenced. She couldn't believe that the girl would call her so
soon.

Hello... Are you still there?

Yes... yes, Suzan...

I'm sorry, but the plane flies right back, so I don't have much time...

Oh! I understand...

Please, Laura, don't hang up... Since I saw you, I'm unable to get you out of
my mind. Can we meet?

Of course, Suzan, replied the female teacher. I work as a second grade
teacher, fortunately, it's summer recess and I have a lot of free time.

Great! I return tomorrow night and I have a week off. Maybe we can meet
then... 

That would be fun, Suzan, call me as soon as you land. I'll come pick you
up at the airport, if you want me to...

I'd like that!... May I ask a question, Laura?

Of course, Suzan.

How did you get those marks?

Laura laughed ans answered :

That's something we can discuss when we're alone together, Suzan.

I'm craving to find out and... Oh! no, I have to leave, they're calling my
flight. Bye!

Suzan hung up and Laura felt strange. Three days ago, she was a rather shy
girl and now, she was heading for what could become a lesbian affair with
somedy she just met.

This thought brought back her desire for self-stimulation and she simply
lift her skirt, lowered her painties and found her clit, rubbing it faster
and faster :

Oh! Master, I love you! Soon I will bring you another slave, a pretty
little airline stewardess named Suzan... I' m sure you will like her a lot...







			THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anchor


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





