BDSM Library - Penny's Tale




Penny's Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Innocent girl was first introduced to the fun of sex by her brother. Soon she became an experienced woman from a little shy girl.
                      PENNY'S TALE
                      
CHAPTER 1. THE GYM                 

     Penny wished that cheerleading practice would end. Her
brother was coming home that afternoon on his first leave since
joining the Army. She hadn't seen him for six months and missed
him a lot. She looked down at the court and saw that basketball
practice was almost over. The boys were running laps. That meant
that her squad's practice would soon end too. She began doing
splits, and about 5 minutes later, her coach called it quits for
the day. Penny gathered her things and went down to the basket-
ball court and the girl's locker room to shower.
    
     "Hey Penny!" She heard her boyfriend John call. Penny turned
around and smiled. She liked John, even though he wasn't
really on the basketball team, and wasn't that good looking. He
was the team manager, a glorified waterboy. While John was
several inches taller than Penny, some of the other cheerleaders
were taller than him. Her friends couldn't understand this. Penny
was one of the best looking girls at Southland High School. She
was 16, a junior, about 5' 1", blonde, blue eyed with a 35 inch
chest, a B-cup and the cutest ass around. All the boys wanted to
get into her pants.  That was the problem. For while she had the
smile of a slut and the body to match, she was quite shy and
timid when it came to sex. Sure, she wanted to learn and to try,
well, everything, but,she was too scared. That was the best thing
about John, he didn't pressure her. At least he didn't in the
past. Lately he was getting more demanding. Last Saturday night
at the point, the place where everyone went to makeout, and more,
she thought he was going to attack her. Well, everyone else there
was into some heavy sex. Cathy was on her hands and knees with
her skirt up and Ted was pushing onto her in the very next car.
John tried to feel her up. She wouldn't let him. She was sure he
was rubbing himself as they kissed. 

     "Hi John." she said. "I really can't talk now. My brother,
Bob, is coming home for a week from basic training today and I
can't wait to see him, its been six months. I need to take a
shower and get home".

     "Please Penny" John pleaded, "I only need to see you a
little while, you won't be late".

     "Can't it wait until tomorrow?" Penny asked.     

     "I really need to see you now." John begged.

     Penny thought for a moment, then seeing the look in his eyes
said, "OK".

    John's face lit up in a big smile.  He took Penny by the hand
and led her under the stands. It was dim there, but enough light
came through the seats so that John could clearly see the South-
land High "S" on Penny's chest and the curves of her breasts
behind it. He looked further down and studied her tiny waist and
the hem of the mini-skirt of her cheerleader uniform. Her per-
fectly shaped legs always excited him. He took her in his arms
and kissed her hard.  His tongue entered her open mouth and found
hers. She kissed him back with passion. His hands gently rubbed
her back along her bra strap. As they continued to kiss, his
hands dropped lower on her back to the top of her ass. He grew
even more excited. His cock began to rise in his basketball
shorts and press against her leg. She felt his hardening dick and
her nipples began to stiffen, pressing tightly on her bra cup.
Her young cunt began to get hot, and she rubbed it on his leg.
She felt the wetness it her snatch begin to trickle out and she
kissed him harder. John lowered his hands to her ass, and squeez-
ed her cheeks through her skirt. He gently raised the hem of the
skirt and put his hands on her ass with only her cheerleader
panties between his hands and the flesh of her bottom. Her heart
began to beat rapidly and her usual fears entered her mind. He
moved his hand to enter the top of her panties. "Stop John!" She
whispered. "We can't do this yet and we sure can't do it here."

     "Oh Penny please!" John whispered. "Don't stop now, you
always stop. Your friends Jill, Cathy, Jane, all of them have
gone all the way. Cathy was taking it up the ass at the point
Saturday night from Ted, while we sat in my car and you wouldn't
even let me put my hand in your blouse. Why, last Thursday, after
practice, Jane blew Fred right here while Pete and I watched. She
was going to suck me off after, but the janitor came by and shut
off the lights. Jane, who doesn't even like me was going to blow
me, and you, my girlfriend has never touched my cock."

     Penny was shocked.  "You would let my friend blow you?" She
said.  "How could you? You're my boyfriend!"

     "Penny, I get so horny because you're such a prude, I'd let
any girl suck me off!"
 
     As they were speaking, John continued to move his hands
inside of Penny's panties. He had a hand on each of her ass
cheeks and was squeezing them gently. This was further then he
had ever gone with her. He kissed her once more, and began to
push her uniform panties down. "Please John, stop"she said. "We
can't do this here. Wait until Saturday night. We'll go out. You
can feel me up all you want then. I'll touch you."

     "I want to fuck you!"

     "O.K.,O.K! You can fuck me on Saturday. I'll suck your cock. 
I, I want to suck your cock. Only, not here. I'm not Jane. I
can't do those things where people might see me. I'll blow you,
you can fuck me, only wait until Saturday!" She figured that by
Saturday night he would calm down and she could control his
advances.

     John squeezed her ass harder. "O.K., I'll wait until then
for the real thing, but, I want you to jerk me off, and do it
now. You say you'll do all those things, but so far, you've never
even touched me. Put you hand in my pants, take my dick out, and
jerk it. I want to see my cum on your hand. Then I'll believe you
about Saturday."
     
     "My brother."

     "He can wait a few more minutes. I said take my cock out."

     Penny knew that if she didn't do as he said, he would break
up with her. Her next boyfriend probably wouldn't be as under-
standing as John had been. Also, she wanted to do it. She wanted
to grow up. She wanted to do all the things her friends always
talked about. They laughed at her because, like John said, she
was a prude. She looked John right in the eyes. She pulled back a
little way and smiled. Penny took her hand from his back and
placed it on the front of his shorts, on his crotch, on his
prick. Her smiled turned to that of a twenty dollar a pop whore
playing with a sixty year old trick. "Is this what you want?" she
whispered coarsely. She grabbed his rigid pole through the thin
material. Her other hand pushed down on his shorts. He groaned. 
He took his hands off her ass and touched her tits. "Not, you
can't touch me till Saturday." She took her hand off his dick,
grabbed the other side of his shorts, and in one swift motion,
pulled his shorts and jock strap down. His cock sprung free and
stood out. Penny stared down at the prize she had just uncovered.
It was bigger than she thought it would be. She had seen her
brother's once or twice, and of course, pictures in the magazines
she kept hidden in her room, but this cock was real, and only
inches from her. She looked up at John with that whore smile of
hers.
 
     "You want me to touch it?" she asked. "You want me to jerk
you off?  You want me to rub your cock?"

     "Yes." John replied weakly.

     Penny smiled again.  "Ask me nicely.  No, beg me to."

     John looked at her hand.  It was only an inch from the tip
of his cock.  He wanted this so badly. He reached towards her
hand but she pulled it back.

     "That's not begging. I'm leaving."
   
     "No!" He yelled.  "Please, please touch my cock.  I need it
so bad."

     "O.K." she said "That's better." Penny moved her right hand
and circled it around John's engorged shaft. He groaned.  She
squeeze down and ran her thumb along the head, flicking his piss
hole. Her perfectly red painted fingernails began to move up and
down along his shaft. Penny's left hand moved to his balls and
lightly scraped and squeezed them. She kept looking at John's
eyes and then at what her hands were doing to his dick. She
closed her hand tighter around his dick and began to jerk faster.
A drop of cum appeared on the tip. She moved her thumb to it, and
rubbed the droplet into the head of his penis. She released the
pressure on his shaft and lightly but rapidly moved up and down
its full length. He was moaning loudly. The things she was doing
were not only affecting him, but herself as well. She felt her
cream oozing out of her cunt. Her nipples were rock hard. She
looked down at his prick and had the urge to get on her knees and
suck it. She took his hand and placed it on her left tit. "I
changes my mind." She said. He pinched her nipple through her
sweater and bra, then lifted his hand and put it under the
sweater. Her heart was pounding. He cupped her tit with only the
thin material of her bra between his fingers and her flesh, then
pushed the bra cup of her left breast away, and finally, after a
year and a half of dating, touched her nipple. This, and her non-
stopped action on his shaft was to much for him.

    "I'm gonna cum!" he moaned. "Don't stop, don't stop, I'm
gonna cum I'm gonna cum, I'm cumming, squeeze harder, I'm cumm-
ing." Penny looked at her hand and saw cum spurting from the tip
of his prick. John rubbed roughly on her bare tit, then with his
other hand lifted her mini-skirt, turned, and directed the
pulsating flow from his cock onto her cheerleader panties. His
cumseeped through onto her pretty little lacy panties next to her
cunt. 

     Penny kept pulling the prick in her hand until it stopped
sputtering. The sight of John's dick shooting its creamy load
over her panties was enough to get her off also. Penny shuttered,
and felt a wave of love juice flow from her virgin pussy and mix
with John's seed on her panties. Some of John's cum dripped onto
Penny's hand that was caressing John's balls. She took that hand,
placed it under her sweater, moved John's hand from her breast,
and rubbed his cum onto her tit flesh.  She put her tit back in
its cup, and removed both her hand and his from her sweater. She
lowered her raised mini-skirt back down over her cum soaked
panties and smiled at John. "See John." She said "I'm really not
a prude, just shy about sex. Saturday night we can do all those
things I said. Now, I've got to clean up and go home." She kissed
him lightly on the lips. She turned to leave him under the stands
with his shorts down and his dick throbbing in the aftermath of a
great handjob.

      At the end of the stands, just before the  exit from the
gym was Leroy, the 6'5" black starting center of the basketball
team. Leroy had an I.Q. of about 80. He was bussed to Southland
High everyday from the black slums downtown because he was a
great basketball player. Academically, he probably would have
been expelled from even a ghetto school. His shorts were down and
his cock stood out erect, over twice the size of John's. Penny
stared at it. "Shit!" he said. If you gonna mess wit anybody, you
be playing wit me bitch. Dis a real tool, not a piece a baby meat
like dat boy John da jerk." As he spoke he began pulling the
black, thick, long cock meat. "Come heea bitch."

    "No!" Penny said hoarsely, not able to take her eyes from
Leroy's prick. "Get away from me you dumb nigger! You can't even
speak english. The only reason you're in this school is basket-
ball. You make me sick, standing there exposing your cock and
playing with yourself like the uncivilized monkey that you are."
He moved towards her, cock in hand. Penny turned and ran pass
him, still gazing at the mass of black cock meat in his hand.

     "I's don'ts makes yous sick. I's makes you hot. Yous knows
yous wants it!" Leroy laughed. "You be back bitch. You wants it.
Next time you be begging for it on you knees. All yous white
bitches wants Leroy's super cock. You the only cheerleader that
ain't had it yet. You be next. You beg."

     Outside of the gym, Penny stopped to catch her breath. In
the back of her mind, she knew Leroy was right. After seeing his
huge cock, she did want it. Had Leroy really fucked all her
friends on the cheerleading squad? She felt a twinge in her
snatch just thinking about it. That was some cock. And John, she
really jerked him off. Her nipples were hardening. I�have to get
home, she thought. She looked down at the front of her mini-
skirt, a stain was beginning to show.  She couldn't go into the
girl's locker room, someone would see. Penny decided to go home
without changing. She could clean up there. She had to get home,
after all, her brother was waiting. 




CHAPTER 2. BROTHER DEAREST

     Penny rushed home. She walked through the front gate and
saw her father's car in the driveway. That meant her dad was back
from the train station and her brother, Bob was already home.
`Damn,' she thought, `I wanted to be here when he arrived.' She
looked down at the front of her mini-skirt. The stain was still
there, but was less noticeable. She decided to take a chance.
Penny entered the front door and yelled "hi everyone, I'm home."

     Bob came out of the kitchen, wearing his army uniform. She
ran and gave him a big hug. "Sorry I'm late." she said, "Practice
ran over. I didn't even stop to shower, I wanted to see you so
badly."

     Her brother grinned. "Judging by the way you smell, you were
practicing more than cheerleading."

     Penny turned red. "Bob!"

     "You better go upstairs and wash up before Mom gets a whiff
of you."

     Embarrassed, Penny let go of her brother and ran to her
room. "Your late." Her mother called, "Dinner will be ready in a
half hour."

    "Alright Mom." Penny yelled back. `Wow, my brother could
smell it.' She thought.`Sex is so wicked.' Penny closed the door
of her room. She put her books down and pulled her sweater off
over her head. She shook her hair out. She put her hand behind
her back and unhooked her bra. She turned and looked in the
mirror. Penny could see John's dried cum on her left tit. She
started getting hot again. She unsnapped her mini-skirt and
unzipped the zipper. It fell to the floor. She looked at the
panties of her cheerleader costume and saw the widening love
juice stain. She felt the wetness building up inside of her. She
pushed the cheerleader panties down and stood naked except for
her lacey panties. They came off next. Penny grabbed her robe and
ran into the bathroom. A cold shower would take those thoughts
away.


     A little while later, still in her robe, Penny came down-
stairs. "I didn't have time to get dressed before dinner." she
explained.

     "That's O.K." her mom said "Dinner is ready now."

     They went into the dining room. Her father and Bob were
already sitting down. Penny joined them. "Well Penny." her father
said. "I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news
is that Bob is home. The bad news is that he can't stay the two
weeks we thought he would be here. He has to  report back Friday
night."

     "But this is Monday. Friday is only a few days away. That's
not fair." Penny cried.

     "Orders are orders." Bob shrugged.

     "You're mother and I were thinking" her father continued,
"that on Friday, we would drive Bob to the camp. Its only about
five hours from here. We could spend a little more time with our
son, and then drive back through the mountains and stay at our
favorite hotel for a couple of days. Come back Sunday night.
Unfortunately Penny, you have school on Friday, so you'll have to
stay here. Mr. Jones told your mother that his daughter, Lisa,
will be back from college for the weekend. We're going over there
tonight to ask if she can stay with you while we're away."

    Penny was stunned. Bob would only be home a short while, her
parents were going to take off on short notice, and they were
going to get her a babysitter. "That's not necessary." She
frowned.

     "Maybe not, but we'll feel better." Her father explained.

     Lisa was strange Penny thought. She was the best looking
girl in town bar none. Her brother would have give his right arm
to make it with her. No such luck. All the boys flocked around
her. Well, maybe she could learn something from Lisa about boys.
"Well if that's how it has to be, I make the best of it." Penny
said.

     Dinner continued with the normal conversations of a family
in which one of its members had been away for a while. After
dinner Penny's mom told her to go upstairs, get dressed and do
her homework. "But I want to talk to Bob some more." Penny
pleaded.

     "After your home work is finished, you'll have plenty of
time to talk." her mother directed. "Upstairs young lady."

     Penny reluctantly went to her room. "I'll be down here when
you're done." Bob called.

     She closed the door behind her. Homework she thought, how
boring. Penny picked her books off of the floor. She sat down at
her desk and opened her English Lit book. After a minute or two,
it became clear that she couldn't concentrate. Her mind was on
other things, what she did with John that afternoon, Leroy's huge
hard-on, her brother, what she might learn from Lisa, Cathy being
fucked in the ass at the point, Jane sucking off a guy in front
of John, Leroy fucking all of the cheerleaders, maybe more than
one at the same time. She turned around and saw the pile of
clothes she had taken off that afternoon. She went over to it,
picked up her bra and panties, then laid down on her bed. She
slipped her robe off. Penny examined the bra. She saw John's cum
on it. She rubbed the bra on her tits; her nipples immediately
became erect. She laid the bra on her chest, between her breasts,
with one cup near her neck and the other on her stomach. She
picked up her panties, brought them to her face and sniffed them.
The smell of sex started her juices flowing. Penny reached under
her bed and picked up her favorite magazine, couples fucking and
sucking in all sorts of positions. As she turned the pages of the
magazine, she began playing with her nipples. Her panties were on
her chin, where she could smell them. As the pictures in her
magazine became more and more explicit, she moved her hand from
her tits to her cunt. Slowly,she began to caress the moist, silky
hole. Her fingers found her clit and flicked at it. She rolled
the clit around between her thumb and forefinger, and stuck her
index finger into her hole. She moaned softly as she continued
sniffing her panties, looking at pictures and playing with
herself.

     "Hi kid!" Her brother said as he entered the room. Not
seeing Penny at her desk, he turned and saw his little sister
with a pair of panties near her face, a hand busy fingering her
cunt and a dirty magazine in her other hand. Penny woke from her
erotic bliss in an instant. She threw the magazine away, pulled
the panties from her face and tried to cover herself with the
robe. Bob walked slowly over to her and sat on the edge of the
bed.

     "Mom and Dad went over to Mr. Jones to ask about Lisa and
this weekend." He explained softly. "I got bored and came up here
to see if my little sister needed any help with her homework.
What I found is that my sister isn't little anymore."

     "Please don't tell Mom!" Penny begged.

     "Why would I do that?" Bob asked. "I'm your big brother, I'm
here to help you not hurt you."

    "Thanks." Penny yelped meekly.

    "Do you need some help?" Bob asked gently. As he did, he
moved her robe revealing her leg, her stomach and her left tit.
Her nipple was rock hard. "Answer me Penny, would you like me to
help you?"

     Her heart was beating incredibly fast. Bob's hand was on her
thigh and moving up. He gently massaged her thigh flesh with one
hand and caressed her face with the other. Penny lost control.
"Help me Bob, please help me!" she groaned

     "What do you want me to do?" He asked innocently.

     "Make me cum!" Penny pleaded. "Make me cum!"

     Bob moved his hand from her thigh, up over her cunt and put
two fingered deep in her hole. She gasped. He moved his other
hand from her face, opened the remaining part of her robe and
place his fingers on a tit. Penny squirmed beneath him. He
reached over,and took her panties from beside her and stuffed
them into her mouth, then returned the hand to her nipples. As he
continued to work on his sister, she began to rock back and
forth, pushing her cunt harder into his hand. He moved his
fingers from her hole to her clit and rolled it around.

    "You're going to cum for your big brother, aren't you Penny?"

     `Yes' she nodded. He moved the hand in her cunt back down,
inserted his pinky and the finger next to it into her hole, and
moved his index finger into her asshole. Penny screamed into the
panties in her mouth. Bob took his other hand from her tit and
replaced it with his mouth, sucking an erect little nipple into
his lips and rolling it around like candy. Penny was shaking
violently under the workings of his hands. Her hips moved from
left to right and back, and pushed into the hand in her cunt.

     "Cum for me Penny, cum for your big brother, NOW." He
commanded.

     `Yes, yes!' She nodded. "I'm going to cum. I'm CUMMING!" she
screamed into the panties "I'm CUMMING!" Her hips rose off the
bed and pushed fiercely into his hand. Her cream pulsed from her
cunt. Bob took her bra and soaked up the juices flowing from her
young snatch. Moments later it was over. Penny laid there ex-
hausted. Bob took the panties from her mouth.

     "How are you doing kid?" He asked.

     "O.K., great." she replied weakly.

     "Mom and Dad will be back soon. I'm going to go now. You
don't mind if I take this bra as a souvenir do you?" He asked.
Penny shook her head no. "Good," he said "tomorrow night, Mom and
Dad are going to the Petersons' to play bridge. I'm supposed to
go, but I'll decline. When you get home from school tomorrow,
there'll be package on your bed. If you want more of this put
whatever is in the package on, and be laying on this bed spread
eagle at eight 'o clock sharp. If you don't want more, just lock
the door. Got it?"

     "Yes." She said.

     "Good." He replied. Bob leaned over and kissed her in the
valley between her breasts, got up, went out and closed the door
behind him.

     A little while later Penny's parents came home. "Penny isn't
down yet?" Her mother asked Bob.

     "I saw her a little while ago." He replied. "She said she
was tired from the long practice and was going to bed after she
finishes her homework. How did it go with Mr. Jones?"

     "Pretty well." His father said. "George called Lisa and she
said she would be glad to do it."

     "That's good." Bob agreed. "Well, I'm pretty tired myself.
Good night Mom, goodnight Dad." He kissed his mother and went
upstairs.

    Penny couldn't believe what had happened. Her own brother.
She started to ooze just thinking about it. Then, she dozed off
to sleep.

     The next day, Tuesday, Penny couldn't concentrate on anyth-
ing. She just wanted eight 'o clock to get here. School, lunch,
cheerleading practice all dragged on.John spoke to her, but she
didn't hear him, she just nodded. Finally, she could go home. Bob
wasn't there when she got there. Her mother told her he was out
with friend, but would be back for dinner. She told Penny to
hurry up and finish her homework, because, Bob had decided not to
play bridge with her and her father that night at the Petersons,
but was going to stay home with Penny. Penny smiled and said she
would do her homework right away.

     She raced upstairs to her room. Once inside, she closed the
door and spotted the package on her bed. She opened it to find a
flimsy push-up half bra, in black with red trim, a matching
garter belt and panties, black stockings with seams and  red lace
top, and shoes, pumps with 4 inch heels. The panties tied on each
side, and could be taken off by opening the bows. She trembled as
she put the clothes away and waited.

     At dinner, Bob acted like nothing was happening. After
dinner, at about 7, Penny's parents said they were going to play
bridge. Bob said he was tired and wanted to lay down for a while
before watching T.V. with Penny later. Their mother kissed him
good night and said to have a good time. Bob just smiled. The
next hour dragged on for Penny. At about 7:30, she took her
clothes off and walked naked about her room. At 7:45, she began
to get ready. Penny put the black bra on and hooked it behind
her. Her nipples peeked out above the lace trim. She fastened the
garter belt, and carefully hooked the stockings to it. She made
sure the seams were straight. Next, she place the panties over
her ass and cunt. Some of her blonde pubic hair was visible from
the sides. She combed her hair, put on the high heels and laid
down on her bed, spreading her legs to wait for her brother. Her
heart pounded rapidly.

     Bob didn't disappoint her. At 8 sharp, he came into her
room, dressed in a pair of slacks and a button down shirt. "Hello
Penny." He said. "Time for your next lesson?"

    "Yes." She said softly.

    "Well Penny, tell me what you did yesterday afternoon to get
yourself all worked up. Don't leave anything out."

     Penny told him of her experience with John, and of Leroy's
come on. She went into great detail. Just describing the action
cause her to start flowing. Bob undid one of the bows on her
panties and put his hand inside, resting it on her snatch. He
began to gently rub her young love hole, running a finger along
the slit. Penny closed her eyes and concentrated on the actions
of his hand. Bob took out a plastic bag from his pocket. In it
was Penny's bra from the night before, still soaking wet from her
cream.

    "Open your mouth Penny." Bob commanded. She obeyed. Bob put
the cum drenched bra into her mouth. "You suck on this." He said,
"While I suck on you." He undid the other bow on her panties, and
pushed the material covering her love nest aside. Bob bent down
between her thighs, kissing the soft flesh below her cunt. Penny
was sucking her own cum from her bra.She put her hand on his head
and pulled it up towards her cunt. Bob keep kissing her thighs as
his mouth approached her slit. His hands went to her cunt lips
and spread them apart. He looked at the moist, pink softness that
was his sister's cunt and slowly ran his tongue the length of her
opening. Penny reacted immediately, pushing her cunt into his
mouth. She sucked harder on the cum soaked bra, and began playing
with her nipples. Bob thrust his tongue deep into her hole and
began moving it rapidly. He changed to an in, out motion, tongue
fucking his younger sister's cunt. Penny moaned loudly into the
bra. The juices were flowing heavily from her box. Bob stopped
tongue fucking her, moved his mouth to the top of her cunt and
took her clit to his lips. He gently chewed it, flicked it with
tongue and rolled it between his lips. His hands moved to her
bottom. Bob spread her ass cheeks and inserted a finger in her
asshole. Penny went wild. She began to buck up and down, roughly
pinch a nipple with one hand and push Bob's head further onto her
cunt with the other. Bob took a hand off of her ass and came
around to feel her tits.He moved his mouth from her clit, went
down all along her slit and came around to her asshole.. He began
to lick and tongue her ass pucker, then, hardening it like a cock
pushed it up into her asshole. He worked on her rear end for a
few minutes, then returned to her clit. Penny came with a loud
passion, muffled only by the bra in her mouth. Bob took her
little black panties and sopped up residue flow from her snatch.
He removed the finger from her ass and the bra from her mouth. He
moved to her face and passionately kissed her younger sister,
their tongues intertwined.

     "My turn." He said. Bob got off the bed, stood up and
unzipped his fly. Penny watched as he put his hand in to retrieve
his cock. Just then the downstairs door opened.

     "We're home." Penny and Bob heard their mother's voice say.
Bob took his hand out of his pants and zipped them up. He turned
to leave, taking one last look at his sister laying there with
her breasts overflowing the little bra, her glistening cunt
framed by the black laced garter belt and a look of want and need
on her face.

    "See you later kid." He said as he left the room and closed
the door. Penny sighed. She wanted to satisfy him like he had
her. Well, she thought, there'll be another time. She reached for
her panties and put them into her mouth to suck out the cream
that Bob had so thoughtfully saved for her. Her hands went to her
cunt and she played with herself while thinking of her brother.

    Bob went to the bathroom to wash up. He went downstairs to
ask why his parents were home so early. They explained that the
games was boring and that Mrs. Peterson had a headache. As there
was no substitute, they called it quits. Penny came down a short
while latter. The family watched T.V. for a couple of hours
before going to sleep. As Penny and Bob went upstairs to their
rooms, Bob said to her "Penny, skip practice tomorrow and come
home right after school. Mom is going shopping in the City and
won't be home until close to 6. Wear what's in the package that
will be on your bed. I'll be in your room at 3:30 sharp. This
time, be on your knees, facing a side of the bed." Penny smiled
and nodded her agreement. She kissed her brother on the cheek and
went into her room.

     The next day Penny did just as she was told to do. After
telling her coach that she had a problem at home and had to miss
practice, Penny raced home and went right to her room, not even
stopping to see if Bob was in the house. She stripped her clothes
off and went over to the package on the bed. There was a note
from Bob which read `just wear the garter and stockings and the
shoes from yesterday. B.' Penny opened the package and found a
red half bra with black lace trim, matching panties with a slit
over the crotch, a matching garter belt and black fishnet stock-
ings with seams. She hooked on the garter belt and the stockings,
then found her high heeled shoes from the night before. She put
the rest of the things in her dresser draw, then walked over to
her bed, dropped to her knees and waited obediently for Bob.
Promptly at 3:30 he entered her room. Bob was completely naked.
He walked over to Penny and stood before her, his cock inches
from her mouth. He reached down and cupped one of her naked
breasts. He took the nipple between two fingers and squeezed.
Penny shuttered. Penny saw that he was bigger than John, but
smaller than Leroy.

     "Shall we resume where we left off?" He asked. Penny nodded
`yes.' "Put your hands on my ass". She obeyed. Bob took his hand
to his cock and began stroking it to an erection. He moved closer
to Penny and brushed his dick over her cheeks, her forehead, her
eyes and across her lips. "Do you want it?" He asked. Penny
nodded `yes', feeling his cock flesh on her face. "Where do you
want it?" He asked.

     "In my mouth." Penny whispered.

     "I couldn't hear you." Bob replied.

     "In my mouth!" Penny said louder.

     "Ask me nicely." Bob said as a droplet of cum appeared on
the tip of his prick. He rubbed the droplet on Penny's lips. Her
tongue came out to bring it into her mouth.

    "Please Bob, may I suck your cock. I want to please you. I
want to taste your cum. I want it so bad. I need it. Please Bob,
please let me suck your cock." She begged. Penny could feel the
cream dripping from her exposed cunt. She wanted to play with
herself, but Bob had commanded her to hold his ass.

     "You may suck me off." Bob said, granting her request. "What
do you say?"

     "Thank you, oh thank you Bob." Penny opened her mouth and
Bob slowly pushed his erect shaft into her oral opening. Penny
felt the hard, velvety member move pass her teeth. She brought
her tongue up to touch it. She savored her first taste of cock,
her brother's. Bob pushed his prick further into her mouth.

    "Press your lips tightly around it." He Instructed. She
complied. "Move your head back and forth." She obeyed. "Take one
hand off my ass and lightly play with my balls. Put a finger of
your other hand gently into my asshole." Penny did as she was
told. "Use your tongue."

     Bob put his hands on the back of Penny's head to guide her
sucking action at the speed that he liked it. As his cock pis-
toned in and out of her moving mouth, her tongue licked the
underside of his dick, from the base to the head.

     "Lick my balls!" Bob directed. Penny moved her head back and
the stiff prick slipped out of her lips. Bob took it in one hand
and raised it to give Penny access to his balls. She moved her
tongue to his cockhead, and licked the underside of it down to
the base, then moved her mouth lower to his hairy balls. She
licked all around the hanging testicles, then gently took one in
her mouth. She licked it thoroughly.

     "Move behind me." Bob commanded. Penny let his balls slip
from her mouth, took her finger from his asshole and let go of
his prick. She crawled on her knees around Bob. "Spread my ass
cheeks and lick my asshole." Penny did as she was told. She
placed a hand on each cheek and moved them apart. She brought her
face between the cheeks, pushed her tongue out and licked his ass
crack from the top of his cheeks to his asshole. After doing this
several time, she concentrated on his asshole, licking all around
it. "Put your lips on my asshole and kiss it." He ordered.
She complied immediately. "Now, shove your tongue up my asshole."
Penny made her tongue as stiff as possible and pushed it into his
asspucker. "Use a hand on my cock." Bob groaned. Penny reached
around her brother and encircled his prick with her left hand.
Bob looked down and saw her red nails move rapidly up and down
his raging prick. "Slow it down." He said. "I don't want to cum
yet." Penny slowed her hand movement, but pressed her tongue
further into his asshole. Bob lifted one of his feet, moved it
back and pushed the heel into Penny's cunt. Penny came instantly,
shaking, and covering his heel with her cream. Bob moved the rest
of his foot around her dripping pussy, until it was covered with
her cum.

    "Lick my foot clean." Penny reluctantly removed her tongue
from his asshole and moved her face down to his feet. Bob sat
down on the bed. Penny began to lick her cunt juices from her
brother's foot. Bob took his other foot up to her breast and
squeezed her nipple between two toes. "Suck my big toe like it
was a cock." Bob directed. Penny took the toe between her lips
and rapidly moved her head back and forth, sucking it in and out
of her tightly pursed lips. After a minute or two Bob said. "Back
to the real thing."

    Penny moved up and reached for Bob's cock. She took it in her
hand and aimed it at her approaching mouth. She swallowed the
entire shaft to the base, then held it as her mouth moved all
along it, her tongue in action as well. She put her other hand at
Bob's ass, and put her index finger up his asshole. `She learns
quickly.' Bob thought. He brought his foot to her cunt and fucked
her with his toes. Penny came again.

    "This is it!" Bob exclaimed. "Keep sucking baby, keep suck-
ing!" He put his hands on her hair and controlled her head
action. Suddenly, his prick erupted in her mouth. She swallowed
three or four loads of cum. Then, Bob pulled the cock from her
mouth and shot the remaining spurts on her face and tits. Penny
was disappointed that she didn't get to taste the entire orgasm,
but the sensation of his cum falling on her face and tits, and
Bob's continuing foot action on her pussy, caused her to cum
another time.

     After Bob stopped shooting cum, Penny put his dick back in
her mouth and licked it clean. She then lowered her face to his
foot and licked her cream from her brother. Penny went over to
her dresser and took out a pair of panties. She brought them to
her cunt and soaked up her juices. She walked over to her bro-
ther, who was laying on his back on her bed watching her, and
laid down beside him. She gave him the cum soaked panties.
"If you need a snack latter." She explained as she placed a hand
on his limp penis. Bob smiled, took the panties in one hand and
one of her tits in the other.

    "Thanks." He said. "Mom and Dad are going to a dinner party
tomorrow night. Its my last night here. Do you want to make it
special?"

     "Yes." She whispered.

     "You know what's left?"

     "Yes."

     "O.K. Tomorrow there'll be another package and instructions.
Say 7 sharp."

     "Alright." She smiled that slut smile. Bob squeezed her tit
gently, took the panties and left, closing the door behind him.
Penny rolled onto her back, came one more time, then drifted off
to sleep.

     The next afternoon, when Penny returned home from cheerlead-
ing practice, her parents were upstairs getting ready for their
dinner party. Bob wasn't around. Penny called out hello, then
went to her room and locked the door behind her. She smiled at
the sight of the package on her bed. She walked over to it, and
picked up the envelope attached to it.

     `Dear Penny,' it read, `in this package is a skirt, a blouse
and some make-up. Tonight, wear the red bra, panties and garter
belt with the black seamed stockings from the night before, as
well as these clothes and the shoes I bought you. Put on make-up
like the enclosed picture. See you at 7. B.'

    Penny looked at the picture. It was of a woman with heavy
make-up, like that of a whore. Penny's cunt got all hot. There
was a knock on her door. When she opened it, her mother was
there, ready to leave.

     "Good-night Penny." She said. "We'll be home about 11. I
wish we didn't have to go, but your father's business, you know.
Your brother should be home soon. Warm up the meat in the fridge
for dinner and you two have fun."

     "We will Mom. You have a good time." Penny kissed her mother
on the cheek and watched her go downstairs. Since it was after
5:30, and she knew the make-up would take a long time to put on,
she decided to start getting ready. She took off all her clothes
and put on the red panties, garter belt and stockings. She
slipped into the shoes and sat down at her make-up table. The
blush, the heavy blue eye make-up, the mascara all around her
eyes, took a while to put on correctly. She polished her long
nails bright red, then put on matching lipstick. She had some
jewelry that fit the outfit and put that on. Next, she hooked on
the red bra. She hadn't worn it before. It was even sexier then
the black one her brother had given her. This one just propped up
the underside of her breasts a little. Her nipples, and most of
her tits for that matter were completely exposed. She put on her
new blouse. It was a button down, sheer lace with no breast
pockets. You could see her naked tits through it. She slipped on
the leather mini-skirt. It was so short that its hem was just
below the tops of her stockings. It buttoned down the front. When
she was all finished, she looked at herself in the full length
mirror. She looked like a slut. She felt like a slut, and she
wanted to be a slut. Penny looked at a clock. It was 6:45. Just
then the phone rang. She picked up the receiver.

     "Hello, I want to speak to Penny." The voice on the other
end of the line said. Penny recognized her brother's accent.

     "This is Penny." She said.

     "I read your ad in the paper. How much do you charge?"

     Penny immediately understood his game. "$100 an hour." She
answered.

     "What do I get?"

     "Anything you want."

     "What's your address?"

     Penny gave her brother the address.

     "I'll be over in ten minutes."

     "I'll be waiting." She said as she hung up the phone. `So
that's why he wanted me to dress like this.' She thought. `To-
night, I'm to be his whore. Well, I'll be the best whore he ever
will have.'

    At 7 sharp, the door bell rang. Penny opened the door and Bob
asked "Are you Penny?"

    "Yes." She answered. "Come in."

    Bob followed her in and closed the door behind him. "Have a
seat." She said. "Can I get you anything to drink?"

     "No thanks."

     "How long will you be staying?"

     "About two maybe three hours."

     "That'll be two maybe three hundred dollars, payable in
advance."

     Bob smiled. He reached into his wallet and took out 3 one
hundred dollar bills. He motioned for her to come to him. When
she did, he lifted her skirt slightly and placed the money in the
top of one of her stockings. "I own you for the next three
hours." He remarked.

     "Yes you do. What shall I do first?"

     "Sit down next to me, lift your skirt and play with your
cunt."

     Penny sat down, spread her legs, bunched her skirt up around
her hips and put her fingers through the open crotch of her red
panties to her pussy. She inserted one of the red tipped fingers
into her hole, and moved it rapidly around. Bob watched for a few
minutes, then reached over and opened her blouse. He pulled its
tails out of her skirt but left the blouse on.

     "On your knees facing the couch." He told her. Penny took
her hand from her cunt, slipped onto the floor on her knees and
turned towards the sofa. Bob got up and got behind her. He too
dropped to his knees. She heard his zipper open. He raised her
skirt and draped it over her ass. He moved against her. She felt
his prick begin to swell as he rubbed it against her panties
cladded ass.

     After a minute or two he said. "Put it in real nice slut."
Penny reached between her legs and found his shaft. She put her
hand around it and guided it to her cunt hole. She rubbed it
along the length of her slit. Then, as he stood perfectly still,
she pushed her cunt back onto his cock and slipped it into her
hole. Finally, after so long, she was being fucked.

     Bob began fucking into her virgin cunt with passion. He
reached around and squeezed her tits. She pushed her ass back to
meet his every thrust. "Play with my balls." Bob instructed.
Penny again reached between her legs, and found his scrotum. She
caressing his nuts and scratched them lightly with her bright red
nails as he continued fucking her from behind.

     Bob let go of her tits. He brought his hands to her hips and
guided her thrusting motion into her prick. "I'm gonna cum baby.
Cum with me. Cum with your big brother!" He exclaimed. With that
Bob began to shoot his load into her pussy. She felt his sperm
entering her snatch and came also. He pulled out, and the last
few pulses of his cum fell on her ass. Penny slumpt forward. Bob
moved back slightly and said. "Clean me up."

     Penny turned around, took her brother's cock in her mouth
and licked off his cum and her cream. Bob got up and sat on the
sofa. He told Penny to turn around on her knees and face his
prick. She did this. He told her to suck him back to an erection.
She moved her head down to his cock and took him in her mouth.
She kissed his prick from the head to the base, then sucked one
of his balls into her mouth. Then she moved back to the cockhead,
licking his entire shaft. Her technique worked, he shortly had
another hard-on.

     He got up, had her face the sofa again, got down on his
knees and had her put his cock into her pussy once more. When his
cock was soaked with her juices, he took it out of her cunt,
pushed her panties off her ass, and rubbed his prick over her
asshole. He put his prick back into her snatch, and continued
fucking her, lubricating her asshole and fucking her for several
minutes. Then, he slipped his cock from her cunt and pressed it
firmly up against her ass pucker and pushed it in. As the tip of
his prick passed the rim of her asshole, she  moaned in pain. Bob
took a plastic bag from his shirt pocket and give it to her. It
contained the panties she gave him the night before. "Suck on
them." He commanded. Penny opened the bag and put her used
panties into her mouth. "Play with yourself and with me." Bob
told her as he continued to push further into her virgin ass. She
brought a hand to her pussy and the other one to balls. By then,
Bob had inserted him entire cock into her ass and was beginning
his back and forth motion. The sensation of his prick in her ass,
her panties in her mouth and her hand working her cunt relieved
all the pain she previously felt and she again approached orgasm.
Bob continued to fuck her ass. She came with a shutter. This was
all Bob could handle and he shot his load up his younger sister's
asshole. He left his cock in her ass until it went limp and
slithered out. Penny let go of his balls, took her panties from
her mouth, pulled the red panties she was wearing back over her
ass, turned around on her knees and sucked her brother's cock
into her mouth to clean in off. The taste of his cum and her own
shit particles caused her to cum once more.

   Bob got up, took his sister by the hand, and led her upstairs
to her room. He took off his clothes and laid down on her bed.
"Fix your makeup." He told her. She went to her vanity table, sat
on the stool and re-did her cosmetics. As Bob watched her, he
played with his cock.

     When she was done Bob said. "Take off your blouse, skirt and
panties and come over here." He instructed her to squat over him
with her face at his dick and her pussy over his face. "Lower
your snatch onto my mouth." He directed. As Penny did so, his
tongue came out to slip into her cunt hole and he grabbed her ass
and held it where he wanted it. Without being told, Penny lowered
her face to his prick and sucked it into her mouth.

    After they sucked each other in the 69 position for a while,
Bob moved his mouth to her asshole. Penny reciprocated, hotly
tonguing his ass pucker and pushing her tongue up his hole. In
Penny's ass, Bob tasted the cum that he injected in there a short
while before. When Bob's mouth returned to her pussy Penny came.

   "Switch positions." Bob directed. Penny took his place with
her head on the pillow, but Bob turned around as he moved over
her, and had his face opposite hers. He moved down and kissed her
on the mouth, his tongue twisting with hers. She tasted her cum
on his tongue and lips. Bob un-did her bra, removed it, and moved
up to rub his cock on her tits and in the valley between them.

    "I've got one more load tonight Penny, where do you want it?"
He asked.

    "In my cunt." She replied without hesitation.

     "So my baby sister wants to get fucked again." He stated
while continuing to rub his prick against her breasts. "Ask for
it nicely."

     "Please fuck me Bob." She pleaded.

     "Why should I?" He asked innocently.

     "Fuck me because I need to be fucked. I need to be fucked by
you. You make me so excited. Fuck me Bob, please fuck me!" She
begged passionately.

     "Alright baby, you got it." But first, he moved his prick up
to her mouth and put it into her throat. Obediently, she suck his
cock, played with his balls and fingered his ass. She was afraid
he would cum before fucking her, but he moved down and placed his
cock at the entrance to her cunt. She reached down and slipped it
inside her pussy. Bob kissed her passionately while ramming his
cock in and out of her pussy. She returned every thrust. Finally,
he groaned and let his load shoot. Her cunt sucked up every
droplet. He kissed his sister once more, then rolled off of her.
As she had been trained to do by Bob, she moved to his prick and
cleaned it off with her mouth.

    Penny laid down next to Bob.He took one her nipples in his
hand and said . "Well Penny, you learned a lot in the past four
days." She nodded in agreement. "Take my advise, go out and fuck
and suck your brains out. There is nothing you shouldn't ex-
perience. Use the $300 you earned tonight on sexy clothes and sex
toys. Have a ball kid." Bob got up, picked up his clothes, left
the room and went to sleep.

     The next morning at breakfast, Penny said her goodbyes to
her brother like any sister would. Her mother reminded her that
Lisa would be there when Penny returned from school. As Penny
left the house, Bob walked her to the front door. She kissed him
hard on the lips, allowing her tongue to slip into his mouth. She
squeezed his crotch, winked at him, turned and walked away.




           CHAPTER 3. LEROY'S CUMMING

    Penny went through school that Friday with a new attitude. On
Saturday night she would give her boyfriend John the attention he
wanted. Her brother had just spent the last few days teaching her
all about sex and advising her to `fuck and suck your brains
out'. At lunch, she laughed and joked with her friends in a way
that she hadn't done in a long time. She arranged to meet her
friend Jill that night to go out and have a great time. Clearly,
the cutest cheerleader at Southland High was on a roll. After
lunch, she had a free period. Then, there was only one more class
before school ended for the day. As it was Friday, there would be
no cheerleading practice that afternoon. She could go right home
and meet Lisa, the college girl staying at her house while her
parents were away.

     During her free period, Penny decided to go to the gym.
Maybe John was there playing basketball. As she got to the doors
of the gym, Leroy was coming out. The same Leroy with the huge
black dick that exposed himself to her after watching her give
John a hand job under the stands last Monday. Penny felt a little
embarassed seeing him because of the things she had said . "Hey
white bitch." He said. "Yous be lookin fo Leroy? You boy John da
jerk is busy. Dat slut Jane is doing his dick right now."

     "I don't believe you." Penny cried.

     "Shit, white bitch, Leroy ain't no liar. Yous don't believes
me, yous come I shows ya." Leroy walked ahead and Penny followed
the black basketball star. She was a little apprehensive that he
might take her somewhere and rape her, but she decided even Leroy
was not that stupid. They went into a locker room that was no
longer in use. Penny heard some sounds. She walked a little
further into the room and sure enough there was Jane, sucking
John's prick. Penny looked on in disbelief. `Why couldn't he have
waited. I told him I'd do anything when I see him this Saturday.
Some friend Jane is.' She thought to herself.

     Leroy was standing next to her also watching Jane's cock-
sucking show. Pennny realized that while she was lost in her
thoughts, Leroy had slipped his black hand under her miniskirt
and was resting it on her panty covered ass, rubbing her ass
cheek. She was about to scream and remove his hand, but felt that
telltale twinge in her cunt and remembered, with lust, the size
of Leroy's big black cock. "Well white bitch, what you think  a
dat?" Leroy asked.

     Penny turned and looked the black teenager in the eyes, the
heat building in her cunt."I think my panties are in the way."
She said coolly. Leroy smiled broadly at her. His white teeth
contrasted sharply with his black face in the darkened room. He
pulled her panties down a little, and put his hand inside of them
directly on her ass cheek. He squeezed her ass flesh roughly. The
white girl began to drip cunt juices into her panties.


    "You be comin' wit me now?" He more told her then asked her.
Penny nodded her consent. He took his hand from her ass, and the
6' 5" black basketball player left the locker room with the 5' 1"
white, blue eyed, blonde haired cheerleader obediently following.
He took her to the Basketball Coach's office. He had a key. He
opened the lock. They entered and he closed the door behind them,
re-locking it. Leroy stood before Penny. He put a hand on each of
Penny's tits and felt her nipples become erect through her blouse
and bra. "Da Coach give his star a key. He in class now. We be
alone. So white bitch you boy gots his self anada woman. When I
sees yous last wit my dick in ma hand yous turns me down. Yous
say baad tings ta Leroy. Yous hurt ma feelin's."

     "I'm sorry." Penny apologized, concentrating on his hands
pinching and rubbing her nipples. "Your cock made me so excited I
didn't know what I was saying. Please Leroy may I see your cock
again?"

     "No mo dis Leroy shit." Leroy laughed at her, contining to
feel up her tits. "Yous call me `ma black masta.' Beg ta see ma
cock. Beg ta suck ma cock you piece o' shit white slut."

    The thought of sucking Leroy's cock hadn't entered Penny's
mind before. She wanted to touch it and jerk it off like she had
John. Leroy's commanding voice, his hands on her breasts, squ-
eezing them like he owned them, and her memory of his long black
cock excited her. She knew she should leave but said trembling.
"My black master, PLEASE may I see your cock. I want, no I need
to touch your big beautiful prick. I need to taste it. I want to
suck your cock. I want to suck it so damn much!"

     "Yous takes you shirt off." Leroy ordered. Penny slowly
unbuttoned her blouse and opened it.She let it slip off. Leroy
put his hands on her tits again. This time only her bra was
between his fingers and the flesh of her breast. "And you bra
bitch, and you bra." He said menacingly.  Penny reached around
her back and unhooked her girlish white bra. She let it fall to
the floor and stood before the black teen-ager, her breasts bare
and her nipples erect.

     Leroy reached out with both black hands and grabbed her
milky white tits. He pinched her nipples roughly and kneaded her
tit flesh.  The black teen-ager was determined to degrade the
half naked white girl before him. "Lift you dress lah me see you
panties." Penny lifted the front of her skirt up. Leroy surveyed
her crotch area, then took one hand off her tit and slipped
inside her little white frilly panties. He found her cunt hole
and pushed a finger inside of her. She moaned with excitment.
"Yous can beg betta dan dat. Come on white bitch tell you masta
how much yous wants his big black juicey cock. On you knees an'
kiss ma feet." He moved his finger around in her cunt, then
withdrew it. Penny lost all self control.

     Penny dropped to her knees. She lowered her head to his feet
and kissed his basketball sneakers. "Please, oh please Leroy may
I suck your cock? I'll do anything you ask if you let me suck
your cock now!"

     "Yous come home wit me afta school so's I can fuck ya? Yous
wants dis nigger ta stick his big long black dick up you lilly
white cunt don't ya? Yous wants Leroy to fuck you!"

     "Yes! Yes! I want you to fuck me! I'll going come with you.
I'll do anything you want! Please let me suck your cock now!"

     He grabbed her blonde hair and pointed her face to his
crotch. "O.K. white bitch, blow me." Penny reached up and un-
zipped his fly. She put her hand in his pants to find his prick.
He wore no underwear. She wrapped her hand around it and brought
it out through the opening. The large black mass of cockmeat was
limp. "Yous white bitches gots to work to gets Leroy excited."
Determined to please her black master, Penny ran her fingers up
and down the limp shaft. She moves to his huge black balls and
gently caressed them. She moved her face to his cockhead. Her
heart was beating rapidly as she sucked the black meat into her
white mouth. She came as her lips closed around his cock. She
felt the prick begin to enlarged. Penny moved her head back and
forth sucking as much of the growing shaft into her throat as
possible. Finally, it was fully erect. She kept her hand on it,
but pulled her head back so she could see its full length. It was
much larger than her brother's, and made John's look like a
baby's.

     "It 14 inches you piece a shit cunt. Get back ta sucking it
white slut. You best take it all." Leroy ordered. Penny apolog-
ized for stopping and returned her mouth to the huge dick before
her. She licked and kissed the underside from the base of the
black cock to its head. She licked around his pisshole, then
sucked the cockhead into her mouth. She had trouble swallowing
more than half the large prick, and continually alternated
between sucking near the head and kissing and licking further
down from mid cock to the base. When she next got to the base,
she moved her mouth over to his balls and sucked one in along
with his black curly pubic hair.

    When she was done sucking his balls and was returning her
mouth to the head, Leroy took her head in hands and directed her
mouth in front of the cock. He pushed his dick in between her
open lips and moved her head back and forth on the shaft for her.
Her tongue caressed the underside of his prick while his hands
guided her head action. On each stroke, he pushed more of the
black cockhead down her throat then the previous time. After a
few minutes, he had his entire cock in her mouth, her nose was
buried in his pubic hair. He then held her head steady, and
pistoned his entire cockshaft rapidly in and out of her mouth
from his pisshole to the root. He fucked her accepting mouth for
several minutes, driving his cock deep in her throat. Penny's
hands were holding his ass cheeks for dear life, her white mouth
filled completely with the thick, long mass of black cockmeat.
Finally, his prick exploded in her mouth, filling it with his
cum. She tried to swallow it all, but some slipped from her lips.
He continued moving her head back and forth until he was com-
pletely drained. Penny realized that she had cum several times
during this extended blow job.

     Leroy grabbed her hair again with one hand. He withdrew his
prick from her mouth and took it in his other hand. He rubbed his
black cockmeat over her cheeks, nose, eyes and lips. Penny kissed
at it every chance she got. While he was touching her face with
his cock, Leroy told her all the things he was going to do to her
that afternoon. Penny put her hand under her skirt and rubbed her
clit to another orgasm.

     Leroy released her head. "Put you love tool away white
bitch." He ordered. Penny kissed his black cock loving and put it
back in his pants. She zipped up his fly, looked up at her black
master, and awaited further instructions. Leroy took a felt
tipped pen from the desk lifted one Penny's tits in his left hand
and wrote an address on it. "Yous be dere at 3." He turned around
and left the office.

    Penny got up off her knees. She looked at her tit. She copied
the address into her notebook. She took a towel and cleaned off
her face and soaked up most of her cum in her panties. She put on
her bra and blouse, checked her make-up and left. She looked at
her watch and realized she was late for her last class. She had
been blowing Leroy for over half an hour.

     For the remainder of school she debated going to Leroy's.
Her head knew she shouldn't, but her cunt told her she must. Her
cunt won. After her last class, Penny got on a bus to take her
down town, to the black ghetto slums of the city. She had only
driven through there once or twice in her life and had never
walked in the area. She was frightened. She was the only white
person around. She finally found the building after asking
several black women for directions. It was a tenement. She
climbed five flights of dimly lit stairs and knocked on the
apartment door with the  number that was written on her breast.
Penny was relieved to see Leroy open the door. It was a quarter
past three.

     Leroy couldn't believe she actually showed up. `Why didn't
I's bring ma frends heea.' He thought sadly."You is late white
bitch!" Leroy screamed at her as he pulled her inside. "I ain't
gots all day to waste wit a white cunt likes you. I says 3, you
be here at 3. You dig?" Leroy was squeezing her arm to the point
where it hurt. She was frightened by his anger.

     "I'm sorry master. I got lost. It won't happen again."

     "Oh bullshit." Leroy said disgustedly. He let go of her arm.

     "Well, what you be waitin' fo, shut up an strip." Penny put
her books and pocketbook down and began to un-button her blouse.
The yourning in Penny's cunt increase. Just then, a dog, a large
black pit bull walked into the room and growled at her. Even
Leroy could see she was terrified.

    "Dis is Satan, my dag. If yous don't do like I's sez he gonna
bite you white ass off. Sit Satan."

    The dog sat down. He and Leroy watched as Penny removed her
blouse and un-hooked her bra. Leroy saw that his note was still
on her tit. She un-zipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.
She then stepped out of her panties and stood naked before her
black master and his dog.

   "Get you white ass ova heea slut" Leroy commanded. She com-
plied. He reached for her cunt and put a longer black finger up
her hole. She got wet immediately. Satan came up behind her and
put his cold nose to her ass. She gasped in terror.

    "What you know. Satan like you. Spread dem ass cheeks." Leroy
laughed. Penny knew she had no alternative and brought a hand to
each cheek and pulled then apart. The dog began licking her
asshole. Penny came on Leroy's hand.

    "Well I'll be a moda fucka!" Leroy exclaimed. "Yous like dat
don't yous?" Penny nodded her head affirmatively. "Yous sit down
on dat bed." Penny walked to the bed and sat. "Spread dem legs
and cunt lips."

    Penny did as she was told. She thought Leroy was going to eat
her out. Instead the dog walked towards her. She looked at Leroy.
"Black man don't eat white cunt." He explained. "Satan do."
Penny watched as the pit bull walked between her legs and buried
its face in her pussy. She came again. Leroy laughed as he
watched her squirm because of his dog's tongue. Penny continued
to flow love juice as the dog licked her clit, entering her hole
and fucking her with its rough tongue. Leroy was getting excited
too. He pulled his shirt off and dropped his pants, revealing his
magnificent black body. His cock was rock hard and extended from
his crotch. Penny came again just looking at him. He walked
towards Penny.

     "Dat 'nough Satan." He ordered the dog away. When the dog
moved over, Leroy got between her legs, and pushed her down on
the bed. His cock rested at the entrance to her cunt. "You beg
Leroy ta fuck ya. Ax me reel nice whore, an' mahbe, jus mahbe I's
will." Leroy put his black hands on Penny's naked white breasts
and roughly fondled her nipples.

     Penny was overcome with passion. She was never so hot before
in her life. Penny needed him to fuck her. "Please master, please
fuck me! I belong to you. I'm your slave to use as you want!
Please be kind to your slave and fuck me. I need you to fuck me.
I'll try to please you. You can use me anyway you want. I'll do
anything for you. Just please fuck me now!" Leroy laughed at the
white girl begging him to fuck her. He put his hands in her mouth
and she licked and kissed them.

     He got on top of Penny. "Put it in reel slow." He told her.

     "Thank you. Thank you for fucking me master." Penny cried.
She reached down to his prick and aimed his cock head towards her
pussy. She rubbed it along the length of her cunt slit, then
place it at the entrance of her cunt hole. She pushed up and
Leroy's thick, long black cock slipped into her wanting pussy.
Leroy fucked the white girl hard and fast. She came again as he
entered her cunt, and what seemed to her, each time he moved all
the way in. After fifteen minutes of none stopped hard fucking,
he came in her cunt.

     When he was finished he rolled off of her. She moved her
face to his dick, and as she was taught by her brother, cleaned
his cock off with her mouth. "While you down dere, kiss my black
ass white bitch." Leroy ordered and rolled over.. Without hesita-
tion, Penny spread his ass cheeks. She put her face between his
cheeks and licked and kissed his asshole. When she tried to
tongue fuck his asshole, he stopped her and roughly pulled her
away.

     "Satan were good to you. He make you cum." Leroy told her,
looking her directly in the eyes."He use his mouth on you. What
you gonna do fo Satan." Penny couldn't believe her ears. He
wanted her to give his dog a blow job. The look in his eyes told
her he was dead serious. She came again just thinking about it.
Penny was in a daze. She got off the bed and kneeled down on the
floor next to Satan. The dog rolled over onto its back, exposing
its short stubby prick. She put her hand on its stomach and
stroked it. Her hand slowly moved to the dog prick and encircled
it. Satan's hard-on appeared immediately, his pink dog penis
slipping from its protective sheath. Penny laid her head on its
stomach, her mouth only an inch from the glistening tip of its
cock. As she continued to stroke its shaft, she moved her head
lower, stuck her tongue out and licked the tip of the dog prick.
Then she took the entire exposed pink shaft in her mouth and
sucked it in. Her tongue began licking it with each stroke. She
had an orgasm. Penny rubbed her nipples and the dog's fur as she
continued to suck the dog cock and jerk it off.

     Leroy couldn't believe his eyes. Not only was this dumb
white bitch doing him, she was doing his dog. She believed the
bullshit he gave her about the other cheerleaders. As he watched
her suck off Satan, he got another hard-on. With her free hand,
Penny was rubbing her pussy and moving her wet fingers to her
asshole. Leroy knew what she wanted and was willing to give it to
her. He moved behind her, spread her ass cheeks and placed the
tip of his black cock on her asshole. While she continued to suck
the  dog, she grasped Leroy's cock and pushed it into her ass
hole. Leroy grabbed her hips and thrust the black monster past
her ass rim and in. Penny came. She sucked  harder on the dog's
cock as Leroy pounded her asshole. She felt the dog tense up. She
squeezed its balls and the pit bull shot its load in her mouth.
She pulled her mouth back so that both she and Leroy could see
the dog cum spurt past her lips into her throat. She swallowed
every drop she could. As the dog prick got limp in her mouth and
hand, she concentrated on the big stiff black cock in her ass.
She returned Leroy's hard thrusts. Seconds later, both he and she
came. The dog cock became limp and slipped from her lips. Leroy's
dick did the same and slid from her ass hole. She turned around,
took his dick in her mouth and cleaned the cum and shit off of
it. He liked that, a clean white slut.

     Leroy walked over to the bed and laid down. He told her to
stay on her knees and play with herself. She inserted a painted
finger nail into her snatch and finger fucked herself to orgasm.

     "Crawl ova to you black masta white bitch." Leroy ordered. -
"Bring you underwear." Penny found her little white bra and
panties. She got on her hands and obediently crawled over to the
black man on the bed. Leroy turned to sit on the bed with Penny
between his legs, kneeling before him. Penny handed him her bra
and panties. "I's wants anada blow job, white bitch." He condes-
cendingly told Penny. He pulled Penny head up by her hair and
pushed her face down into his crotch. Her lips caught the tip of
his cock and sucked it into her mouth. From blowing him earlier
that day, she knew just how to lick, kiss, and suck the growing
black prick to get it fully erect quickly. Leroy kept jerking her
head back and forth by her hair, calling her degrading names, and
squeezing her tits. He rubbed her panties and bra over her face.
She was proud that she could take his entire shaft into her mouth
from head to root. She had an orgasm.

    Satan got up and walked over to her. An idea entered Leroy's
head, making him smile. "Lift you ass in da air white bitch." He
commanded Penny. She stuck her ass up. "Jump boy, jump Satan."
Leroy told the dog. He jumped on Penny's ass, putting his paws on
her hips to hold on. Penny felt the dog's prick searching for her
cunt opening. She knew what Leroy had in mind. She wanted it too.
She brought her hand between her legs, found the dog cock, and
put it into her pussy. The dog grabbed her hips tighter and
thrust into its human bitch. So, an affluent 16 year old, pretty,
white cheerleader was spending a Friday afternoon giving a blow
job to a near illiterate ghetto black teenager while his pet pit
bull was fucking her. Penny pushed her ass back to meet the dog's
every thrust. She flexed her cunt muscles to hold the dog dick
tightly. She continued to suck Leroy's thick black cock, guided
by his hands pulling and pushing her head back and forth by her
hair. The dog tensed up. He pushed harder into Penny's cunt and
shot a load of dog cum into Penny's belly. She also came. Leroy
pulled her head  down to the base of cock, his whole prick in her
mouth, and spurted his sperm into her throat.Penny used her lips
to squeeze every drop of cum from the cock in her mouth, and her
cunt muscles to milked the dog prick in her pussy. Penny hungrily
swallowed every drop. He pulled her head up to the tip of his
black penis and rubbed his cock over her lips, cheeks and eyes.
She then licked his prick clean. She turned around, still on her
knees, and licked the dog's prick clean also. When she was
finished, she again turned to kneel before Leroy.

     He told her to scoop the dog's cum from her pussy into her
hand and to lick the hand clean. She did this for several min-
utes. He told her to lie on her back on the floor and to spread
her legs and hold her cunt lips opened. When she complied, he had
his dog eat her out. She had an orgasm. Leroy watched intently
then said. "Don't look like Satan kin get it up agin. Too bad, I
was gonna has him fuck you in da ass. We is done wit ya. Get
out."

    He left the room and the dog followed. Penny asked to use the
bathroom. "Go fucks youself white bitch" Leroy replied. Penny got
dressed silently. Leroy came back in the room and said. "Befo
yous leaves, white bitch, yous owe Leroy money."

    "Why?" Penny asked.

     "I's fucked ya didn't I? Yous owe me fo dat." Penny took her
wallet out and found one of the hundred dollar bills her brother
had given her the night before.

     "Will this be enough?" She asked as she handed the money to
Leroy.

     Not wanting to press his luck, and since it was ten times
what he thought she would give him after a big argument, he said.
"O.K."

    Leroy turned her around towards the door. He put his hand
under her skirt onto her ass, and pushed her towards the exit. He
decided to take her panties as a souvenir. He opened the door,
squeezed an ass cheek and pushed her out. "Take you panties off."
He ordered her. Standing in the hallway of a ghetto tenement,
Penny reached under her skirt and slipped her panties off. "Lift
you skirt an rub you cunt wit you panties." Penny raised her
skirt and rubbed herself to orgasm into her panties. Leroy held
out his hand. She handed him her cum soaked, little, white,
frilly panties. He laughed as he went inside, closing the door
behind her.

    Penny was hot again. She wanted to knock on the door and beg
him to fuck her again but knew it would be futile. She slowly
walked down the tenement stairs. Once outside she walked towards
the bus stop, her cunt juices dripping down her legs.. On her
way, a group of black kids started to follow her, suggesting that
she come with them to get fucked all night. Their words made her
cunt ooze more. She thought about saying yes, and was about to
when the bus arrived. Reluctantly, she got on the bus, leaving
the black ghetto, Leroy's magnificent cock and Satan's dog prick
behind her. 




CHAPTER 4. LISA LISA AND THE T.V. MAN

     On the bus ride home, Penny thought about the events of the
day. Leroy's big black cock, her fucking a dog, her wanting to be
used in every way possible by an illiterate black teenager with a
big black prick, who wouldn't even be in her school it wasn't for
basketball. As the bus past the mall in her neighborhood, Penny
decided to get off and go to the lingerie shop and spend some of
the money her brother had given her before she went back to
Leroy's. He would demand payment for his services to her cunt.

    In the lingerie shop, she picked out several matching sets of
bras, panties and garter belts in different colors, red, black,
pink, white etc. She had decide that she would no longer wear
pantyhose. Garters and stockings were much sexier. She would
lower the hems on her miniskirts just a little so that the darker
top of the stockings would be covered when she was standing. She
knew that when she sat, the top of the stockings and probably the
garter belt fastener would be exposed. The thought excited her.
She bought several styles of bras. Some covered her breasts
completely with conventional cups. Some left her nipples exposed,
and some like the red bra her brother had bought her just acted
like a platform, presenting her tits. She also bought a number of
pairs of stockings, both plain and with designs, also in several
colors. After she paid for her new clothes, Penny caught a cab
home.

    When she arrived,it was 5:45. the lights were on. She knew
Lisa was there. As she walked into the house Lisa was sitting on
the sofa in the living room. The same sofa on which her brother
had fucked her the previous night, taking her virginity. Lisa
looked great. She was reading a magazine. Her legs were crossed
in a feminine manner. She wore a button down blouse and a con-
trasting mini-skirt. Penny could see by the stocking top just
below the hem of the skirt that Lisa wore a garter belt. Lisa's
face was the prettiest the Penny had ever seen. Her make-up was
perfect. Her fingernails were long and painted to perfection.
Penny wished she could look as good as Lisa.

     Lisa looked up at Penny. "So." She said. "The little cheer-
leader finally decided to come home. Where were you."

     "I'm sorry I'm late." Penny answered. "I know I should have
called but I got tied up and lost track of time. Then I decided
to pick up a few things I needed on the way out." Penny could
tell by the way Lisa was looking at her that the other girl knew
that Penny was fucking all afternoon.

     "Look." Lisa said harshly. "I'm not your mother or your
babysitter. If you want me to treat you like an adult then you
better behave like one. Your parents trusted me to look after you
and this house this weekend. I don't care what you do as long as
your alive and unhurt when they get back on Sunday night. Don't
bring any of your boyfriends over here this weekend. Are you
planning to go out tonight?"

     Penny replied meekly. "Yes."

     "When are you leaving and when are you returning. DON'T tell
me what you are going to do."

     "I'll be leaving at 8 and coming back at 11." Penny report-
ed.

      "Alright." Lisa agreed. "That's a reasonable time. If you
want dinner, make it yourself. I'm not going to cook for you."

     Lisa returned to reading her magazine. Penny knew that she
had been dismissed and went upstairs to her room. As she climbed
the stairway, she heard Lisa dialing the phone behind her. Once
in her room, Penny closed the door and flopped onto the bed. She
didn't like the way Lisa had treated her, but she knew she was
wrong not to have called. She smiled to herself at the thought of
calling Lisa while Leroy was shoving his big black cock up her
cunt. She toyed with the idea of having Leroy come over and work
on Lisa. The thought got her hot. She stripped off her clothes
and went to the bathroom. Her cunt and asshole were still oozing
cum from that afternoon's encounter. Her mouth ached from all the
cocksucking she had done. She noticed scratch marks on her hips
where the dog had held her while it fucked her. Penny drew a hot
bath and stepped in. The warm water was soothing. After 15
minutes she felt a lot better. She drained the water in the tub
and took a shower.

     Penny returned to her room. She did her hair and make-up and
picked out the clothes she would wear the night. She put on a one
of the sexy bras and matching panties and garter belt She had
just purchased. Her blouse and mini-skirt were equally revealing,
after all she was going out with Jill and could well find an
opportunity to get laid.

     At 8, she went downstairs and told Lisa she was going out.
The older girl was still sitting on the sofa reading. Lisa didn't
even bother to look up. She just nodded. Penny walked from the
house.

     On her way to Jill's house, Penny wondered what Lisa's
problem was. Until she went off to college that year, Lisa lived
next door with her father. Her mother died three years before.
Her father was a fat, bald, beer guzzling slob. Lisa inherited
her great looks from her mother. Lisa never seemed to go out with
boys even though they all wanted her. She was the same age as
Penny's brother Bob. He never scored. Lisa had a few close girl
friends who she associated with, that was all. Penny wondered if
Lisa had a secret life like her's with Leroy. That would explain
it. Oh well.

    Penny arrived at Jill's house. After she rang the bell and
was let in, she saw the Jane was also there. The same Jane that
was sucking Penny's boyfriend's cock in the locker room that
afternoon. "Why is Jane here?" Penny asked Jill with obvious
annoyance in her voice.

     "I thought she would me fun to have along" Jill answered.
"If you were somewhere that I could get a hold of you this
afternoon, you would have known she'd be here."

     "Well, if she's going I'm not." Penny stated.

     Jill got pissed off. "Hey, I invited her. If you don't like
it, leave."

     "Fine." Penny yelled. She turned and walked out slamming the
door behind her. She walked around the block a few times to cool
off. She knew she was wrong, but didn't feel like explaining it
to Jill. Penny decided to go home and go to sleep.

    As she approached her house, she saw that the living room
lights were still on, only at lower settings. `Maybe Lisa's there
with her secret boyfriend.' She thought. Penny quietly walked to
a living room window and looked in. She half expected to see Lisa
fucking Leroy.

    Lisa was fucking all right, but not with Leroy. Her blouse
was opened and the cups of her bra were pushed away, exposing her
tits. Her panties were on the sofa. Lisa's skirt was pushed up
and a long haired girl, wearing only a skirt and stockings, was
busy lapping Lisa's cunt. The cunt licker held Lisa's pussy lips
apart as her mouth worked on the snatch before her `So that's
Lisa's secret.' Penny thought. `She's a lesbian'. Her dyke
disposition explained everything. Penny continued to watch the
lesbian action in her house. The girl on the floor continued to
suck Lisa's pussy. Lisa alternately played with her own tits,
then those of her female lover. After a few minutes, the cunt
lapper stood up. Penny recognized her as Alice, one of Lisa's
click. Alice stood before the sitting Lisa and unzipped her
skirt. It fell to the floor. Lisa placed her hands in Alice's
panties at each hip and pulled the flimsy material between her
and Alice's pussy down. Alice stepped out of the panties. Lisa
brought her hands to the standing girl's ass and pulled her to
her mouth, burying it in Lisa's face. Penny could hear Alice
directing Lisa on how to eat her. After a few minutes. Alice
reached into her nearby purse and took a long two headed dildo
out. Penny judged that even thought the plastic prick was made to
enter two cunts at the same time, it was shorter than Leroy's
real black cock. Alice inserted half the dildo in her cunt, then
got down over Lisa and entered her. The two girls rocked back and
forth on their plastic love toy. In a little while they each
came. Lisa removed the dildo from their cunts. She brought it to
their mouths and turned it around so that she could suck on the
end that had been in Alice's pussy, and Alice could suck her cum
from it. As they gave the dildo a blow job, Penny could see that
Lisa knew how to suck a cock. `I guess she just prefers cunt.'
Penny thought.

     As the two lesbians sucked on the dildo, they fingered  each
other's pussy. Penny moved away from the window, leaving the
female lover's to their orgy. She knew that she had had an orgasm
just watching them. She wondered if she could have sex with a
woman, then thought. `Why not? Lisa and Alice obviously enjoyed
it. And Penny, you have no morals, why this afternoon you fucked
someone out of your race, and something out of your species. Now,
both were male. But if Leroy had female dog there and he told you
to suck it out, you know you would have.' Penny contemplated
turning around, going back to the house and joining the action.
She knew that would be a bad idea. After all Lisa showed no
interest in her that afternoon, and the girl was busy with a
pussy she probably hadn't sucked since going away to college.
Penny also knew that she was hot and needed sex. She decided to
find a man as she wanted her first woman to be Lisa. Penny wanted
it new and dangerous like that afternoon with Leroy. She hailed a
cab and went looking for a one night stud.

     Penny told the cab driver to take her to `The Den', a
singles bar downtown of which she had heard you could always find
action. Although she was under age, she had false I.D. and knew
that `The Den' wouldn't check too closely, they wanted available
women there. Upon arriving, she paid the cab driver and walked
into the dimly lit bar. The music was not loud, unlike the
teenage placed she was used to. There were many men and women in
the bar. Some were drinking,others were just talking, and others
were politely feeling one another up. Penny walked to the bar and
sat on a stool. Her skirt fell in such a way that most of her
thigh was revealed. She ordered a bloody mary and sipped at it
when it arrived. Men began coming over and talking with her.
Some put their hands on her bare leg after minimum conversation.
None were appealing to Penny. She thought they were too conven-
tional. After a short time, a good looking woman sat on the stool
next to Penny and ordered a drink. The woman turned to Penny and
said.

     "Are you waiting for someone in particular or hunting?"

     Penny laughed, not used to the term. She turned towards the
woman, noting that she had dark shoulder length hair, wore a
mini-dress with a low cut bodice and her part of her thighs were
visible over the top of her stockings. She was in her mid-
twenties. The woman's make-up was exquisite. Her nails long and
perfectly painted. "Hunting." Penny replied.

     "Me too." The woman said. "Not much here tonight, except of
course you. You're the best thing to come into this place in a
long, long time." She smiled seductively at Penny .

     Penny blushed. "Thank you. you're very attractive yourself."


    "Well then." The woman propositioned. "Why don't we two very
attractive people go somewhere and get better acquainted? My name
is Candice."

     "I'm Penny." The teenager replied politely. "I'm sure I'd
like to do that another night. But right now, to be honest, I
need a cock."

     "What makes you so sure I don't have one?" Candice asked
non-chalantly.

     "I meant a real cock, not a dildo. Its not that I don't like
women, I just need a cock tonight." Penny couldn't believe that
she was telling a woman that she had just met that she was horny
and wanted to be fucked by some man she hadn't even met yet.

     Candice smiled at the younger girl. She took Penny's hand,
brought it to her own thigh, pulled the hand up her dress and
rested it on her crotch. Penny felt a cock. She squeezed it a
little and realized it was not a dildo, but the real thing.

     "Is this cock big enough for you?" Candice asked in a deep
masculine voice.

     "Yes." Penny whispered. "How, how can you have cock? I can
see half your breasts above the top of your dress. They're real
too." Penny did not remove her hand from Candice's prick. Instead
she felt all around it, still not believing that this beautiful
woman had a real cock between her legs instead of a cunt.

     Candice downed his drink and ordered another. "It's quite
simple my sweet young thing." He said to Penny, returning to a
feminine voice and looking deep into the teens's eyes. "I was a
woman born in a man's body. Last year, I took steps to correct
the situation. I began taking hormone shots which developed my
breasts and gave me the shape of a woman and stopped my facial
and other unfeminine hair from growing. I let the hair on my head
grow and took skin treatments. My body is as soft as any woman's
my age. I was going to have my penis removed, surgery can do that
these days, and get a pussy. I found however that a lot of open
minded men and women prefer me the way I am. The cock still works
just fine. Do you want to try it?"

     Penny was still feeling to Candice's cock. As the transves-
tite was telling his story, he put his hand up Penny's skirt and
massaged the younger girl's upper thighs and pussy. Penny was
dripping wet.

     "Yes, yes!" Penny replied hungarily to the offer.

     Candice again downed his drink and ordered another. "Good."
He said to Penny. "We can go to my apartment, it's nearby. If you
come home with me though, I'm in charge, you will do everything I
tell you to. If you don't, I'll throw you right out, even if your
stark naked. Is that clear." The transvestite looked sternly at
Penny as he dictated his rules.

    "I'll do anything you want. But I can't spend the night. I
have to go home."

    "Very well." Candice conceded. "But you'll be home late."

    Penny nodded her consent. Candice finished his drink. He took
his time, making conversation with the bar tender and ignoring
Penny. Penny continued to feel Candice's cock, which hadn't
gotten harder the entire time, just semi-rigid. Her hand was in
Candice's panties, working directly on the prick in the dimly lit
bar while others watched. Candice was also in Penny's panties,
his hand giving Penny her first orgasm of the evening. The she-
male paid the bill, and taking Penny by the hand, led her from
the bar.

     They walked two blocks to a high rise apartment building.
The doorman who let them in nodded his approval of Candice's
selection. They rode in the elevator to the 35th floor, then
walked a short distance to an apartment. Candice opened the door
and turned on the lights, revealing a well furnished, large
living room. He closed and locked the front door. Penny thought
how much this place differed from Leroy's ghetto tenement that
afternoon. Candice told Penny to sit in a chair.

     He walked to and stood in front of the sitting Penny. "Open
your blouse." She ordered the girl. Penny quickly unbuttoned her
blouse and opened it completely, revealing her bra held breasts.
It was a low cut black bra with blue lace trim that kept her
nipple's exposed and accented the fullness of her lovely tits.
Candice nodded his approval.

     Candice began swaying his hips in front of Penny. "If you
want to see my body, you must beg Penny. For the remainder of the
night you shall call me mistress Candice. Is that clear?"

     "Yes mistress Candice. Penny said, nodding her consent. She
dropped to her knees and began licking and kissing the transves-
tite's shoes.  "Please mistress Candice may I see your wonderful
body. I need to see you without your clothes on. I need to suck
your breasts, your cock, your ass, anywhere you command my to. My
body as here for your pleasure to use anyway you desire. I'll do
whatever you wish.

    Her words made both she and Candice hot. "Very well, I shall
grant you your wish." He slowly unbuttoned his mini-dress,
starting from his cleavage. As he undid the top of the dress, he
teased Penny with seductive words spoken in a soft, sexy,
feminine voice. Five minutes later, the dress was undone to his
belt. Candice opened it exposing his breasts which were only
minimally encased in his black bra. His nipples were erect. His
breasts were as full and lovely as any Penny had seen on any
woman. He played with his breasts, pinching and twirling his
nipples and feeling the fullness of his tits as he continued his
verbal tease of the young girl kneeling before him. Penny intent-
ly watched the transvestite feel his chest up. Candice pulled the
front of his dress back so it rested on his shoulders. He con-
tinued to move his hips seductively and talk dirty to Penny, and
he slowly turned to present his ass to her. He let the top of his
dress fall, uncovering his bare back to the girl. His belt kept
the bottom of the dress from falling from his hips. The black
line of his bra strap contrasted provocatively with his soft
white skin. Candice wiggled his ass into Penny's face, rubbing
his dress covered rear on the girl's cheeks eyes and lips. After
several minutes he moved his ass away from Penny. Candice then
ever so slowly brought his hands up behind his back to the clasp
of his bra. One hook at a time, he unfastened the bra. The bra
strap fell to his sides as he held the bra to his body with his
upper arms. He then continued to turn, swaying his hips as he
completed the full circle. The she-male again faced the kneeling
Penny. Candice brought his hands to his breasts and cover them.
He played with his tits in front of the young girl who watched
with lust in her eyes. Candice then moved his hands from his
chest, carrying the flimsy bra away from his tits. Penny gasped
at their beauty. Candice gave the bra to Penny.

     "Smell my scent." She commanded Penny. Penny brought the
skimpy bra to her nose and took a deep breath through her nose
from each bra cup. Candice then took the bra and place it on
the girl's head. Candice then returned to his erotic show. He
squeezed his tit flesh seductively. He brought his nipple just
within reach of Penny's tongue then quickly withdrew it. He
laughed tauntingly, then continued speaking softly and sexy to
Penny.


   Candice wore panties that had holding bows on each hip. After
caressing his breasts, playing with each nipple and exhibiting
the fullness of his chemically created tits, he brought his hand
in side the bottom of his dress to his panties. and rubbed his
cock against the flimsy material. He grinded his hips and swayed
his breasts while transferring the taste and smell of his cock to
his panties. He then slowly undid one bow then the other. The
panties dropped to the floor. Candice's cock was now completely
erect, inches from the girl's expectant mouth and hidden only by
the fabric of the dress.

    "Pick up my panties and put them in your mouth, inside out.
Suck the taste of my cock from them." Candice commanded Penny.
Penny willingly obeyed, lapping at the crotch of the panties
before filling her mouth with the sexy black lace panties that
seconds before held the she-male's cock.

     The transvestite began to slowly turn once more, still
speaking his seductive words softly to the excited, kneeling,
panty sucking girl. He slowly turned his back was to Penny, who
watched closely as she continued to suck on the silky panties.
Candice slowly undid his belt. The remainder of his dress fell to
the floor, uncovering his naked ass. The she-male grinded his now
bare ass into Penny's face, rubbing against her lips, eyes,
cheeks and nose. Penny wanted to touch her tongue to the sexy,
wiggling ass in her face but could not because of the panties in
her mouth.

    Candice took his cock in his hand and slowly stroked it to
full erection. He pulled his ass from Penny's face and turned to
face the expectant, kneeling, panty sucking girl. Penny's heart
beat rapidly as the transvestite's prick came ever so slowly into
view. Candice had been softly speaking in a feminine voice to
Penny about the pleasures to come. When he completed his full
turn, and his cock was inches from Penny's mouth, fully erect and
framed by the sexy garter belt and stockings, his voice suddenly
became deeper and definitely masculine.

Penny gazed disbelievingly at the figure before her. The
transvestite had the body of a perfect woman, except for the
cock. This she-male had a genuine prick, fully erect and pleas-
ingly large and thick.

    "Do you want to suck your mistress's cock?" The transvestite
asked the kneeling girl in a most masculine voice.

     Penny sucked the last taste of prick from the panties in her
mouth and grudgingly removed them. Clutching her mistress's
panties tightly she answered. "Yes mistress Candice, May I please
suck your cock?"

     "Are you a good cocksucker slave Penny?"

     "Yes mistress Candice, I am a good cocksucker?" Penny
pleaded.

     "Are you my slave? Will you give me the best blow job you
ever gave. Will you worship my cock?"

     Penny looked up at the transvestite's eyes. She replying as
sincerely as she could. "I am your slave mistress Candice. I will
give you the best blow job I will ever give mistress Candice. I
will worship your cock mistress Candice."

     "Tell me of your cocksucking experience slave." The she-male
commanded Penny. The girl told of her brother, Leroy, and Satan.

    "That isn't much." Candice thought. "But, I suppose I shall
take a chance, you appear to be a sincere slave."

     "Thank you mistress Candice." Penny gushed. "You will not
regret your decision."

     "I'd better not." Candice warned. "Lean forward." Penny
complied with her mouth open. The transvestite slipped his cock
between Penny's lips. The now cocksucking girl had an orgasm.
Penny sucked, licked  and kissed the she-male's meat lovingly and
carefully. She brought her lips to Candice's balls and caressed
each one with her lips and tongue. The transvestite's cock was
about the same size as her brother's, only thicker. Penny
returned to the cockhead and sucked the entire prick down to the
root into her mouth. She then stroked her head back and forth
from cockhead to root, running her tongue along the thick shaft
until she felt the she-male's balls contract. Penny knew that
this was a sign that Candice was about to come. She moved her
head faster along the shaft, and was rewarded when the cock
spurted several ounces of cum down her throat. Penny sucked all
of the come out of the she-male's cock, and held the shaft
between her lips until is became soft and slipped out. Penny
reluctantly let it go.

     "That was a poor blowjob." Candice said sternly. "Your teeth
nicked my cock several times and some cum dripped from your
mouth."

     Penny's tongue extended to capture the escaped cum." I'm
sorry I didn't please you mistress Candice." The girl said
fearfully.

     "Sorry isn't good enough. Sorry won't make a bad blowjob a
good blowjob. You lied to me. You said you were a good cocksucker
and in fact your are a terrible cocksucker. Stop shaking you
little lying slut!!" The transvestite screamed these words at the
frightened Penny. "You shall be punished."

     Candice pulled Penny by the girl's hair over to the sofa.
Penny crawled on her hands and knees. Candice roughly pulled off
Penny's blouse. The she-male sat down and pulled Penny up over
her lap. Candice pulled Penny's skirt up over her hips and pushed
the girl's panties down. She gave the girl a hard smack on a
cheek of her exposed ass. Penny yelped.

    "Shut up!" The she-male yelled disgustedly. "After each hit
you are to count which one it was and say `thank you mistress,
may I have another.' Understood."

    "Yes mistress Candice." The girl replied. "One. Thank you
mistress, may I have another."

     The transvestite began to  spank Penny hard on each bare ass
cheek. Penny obediently repeated the words she was instructed to
say after each hit. After each smack he gave the girl, he would
stick a finger in her asshole, and wiggle it around her tight
back door. Each time he worked the finger deeper into her wanting
ass pucker. Every five or so smacks, Candice would rub the girl's
ass erotically, then slip between the girl's legs to her cunt
slit. Penny's cunt was dripping wet from the spanking she was
getting and the occasional finger fuck her transvestite lover
gave her. His other hand was inside of Penny's bra, caressing the
girl's breasts. Between the spanking and the she-male's hand
actions, Penny came several times.. After 25 strokes, he had
worked the index finger all the way up her ass. Penny was crying,
but she continued to repeat her line. After 50 smacks, Candice
was finished with the punishment for the poor blowjob. He lifted
his hand and viewed the bright red ass on his lap. The she-male
put his hand back on Penny's ass cheeks, gently massaging them.
Penny had dripped cunt juices all over the transvestite's lap.

     Candice unhooked Penny's bra and removed what little tit
cover the girl had on. "Put your face in my lap and clean your
cunt juice off of me." The transvestite ordered Penny. The red
ass girl scurried back and licked her own pussy juice from
Candice's cock and his upper thighs.

    "Take your skirt off." Candice commanded Penny. Her skirt was
bunched around her hips. Penny found the zipper, opened it and
removed her skirt. "Turn over."

     Penny turned so she faced her transvestite mistress. Her
head remained in Candice's lap. The she-male's erect prick rested
on Penny's face as the girl gazed up at the perfect tits above
her and Candice's face.

     "Pull your panties off, soak the cum from your cunt into
them and suck your panties clean. Penny's panties were down
around her ankles, having been pulled from her ass for her bare
bottom spanking. She picked them up and wiped her cunt clean with
the little panties. She put them in her mouth and sucked. When
she was finished, Candice inspected the pretty little panties to
make sure Penny had sucked them clean. Satisfied, Candice wrapped
her prick in Penny's panties.

     "You may suck my tits." The transvestite allowed Penny.
Candice bent over and put a nipple of his large artificial tits
to the girl's mouth. Penny took it between her lips and licked
it. She moved her mouth between each of the she-male's tits.
While Penny worked on his tits, Candice fingered Penny's cunt and
asshole. Penny came several times.

     "You may try again my young slave." Candice told Penny. "If
you fail to please me you will earn another spanking. Get back on
your knees."

     "Thank you mistress Candice. I won't fail you." Penny smiled
with thanks at her she-male mistress. Penny dropped to her knees,
removed her panties from the thick shaft and once more took the
transvestite's cock between her lips. As Candice was now sitting,
Penny could reach the she-male's breasts and gently squeezed and
fingered his nipples as his cock slid down the sucking girl's
throat. Candice's cock grew to a full erection in Penny's mouth.
The cocksucking girl was careful not to nick the cockmeat in her
mouth and used her tongue more than the first blowjob. Candice
reached down to Penny's breasts and roughly squeezed them. He
pushed Penny back and told her to lie on the floor. Although
disappointed that she could not continue the blowjob she was
giving, Penny obeyed her mistress.

     Candice straddled Penny's chest and rubbed his cock between
Penny's breasts. The transvestite's tits were near Penny's mouth
and the young girl sucked a nipple into her mouth. Candice
continued to rubbed his cock between and on Penny's tits. Penny's
hands went to Candice's ass and squeezed the she-males ass cheeks
while searching for his ass hole. Candice moved down Penny's
body, his tit slipping from Penny's mouth. Penny spread her legs
in anticipation of her transvestite lover's entry. She was not
disappointed. Candice rubbed his cock over Penny's clit and their
breasts meshed. Penny came.

     "Put it in. Put my cock into your cunt." Candice commanded.
His mouth came down on Penny's and their tongues intertwined.
Penny's hand found the transvestite's raging hard-on and slipped
it into her young pussy.

     Candice knew how to fuck a girl. His technique was not as
gentle as Penny's brother's nor as savage as Leroy's. Penny held
on the she-male's ass as the she-male's cock fucked into her
cunt. Candice kept kissing Penny's mouth and neck and occasional-
ly  wandered down to the girl's tits. His cock moved within
Penny's cunt in every direction. Candice's hands were on Penny's
hips. guiding the fucking motion of the receiver of cock.
Penny's finger found Candice's asshole and gently penetrated
the transvestite's ass pucker.

    Candice continued to fuck Penny with long hard strokes of his
cock. Occasionally, he would slip his prick from her cum milking
pussy and move up her body, rubbing his cock between the girl's
breasts and allowing her to suck his female sized tits. When the
she-male tit fucked Penny, the girl would push her breasts
together rubbing her tits on Candice's cock.

    After 15 minutes of tit and cunt fucking  Candice moved up
and put his prick in Penny's face. He instructed the girl to jerk
him off, directing the tip of his prick to her noses. Penny's
wrapped one of her perfectly red nailed hands around the thick
shaft and gave her transvestite mistress a hand job. Candice
reached back and finger fucked Penny's cunt. Candice shot his
load onto Penny's face. He took his dick in his hand and rubbed
it over the girl's cheek's eyes and lips, massaging his cum into
her pores. He then slipped his cock into her mouth, and she
sucked it clean.

     Candice turned around and squatted over Penny's mouth. The
girl gazed up at the ass hole above. The skin around it was so
hairless, Penny again had difficulty with the fact that Candice
was really a man. "A good slave keeps her mistress's ass hole
clean." Candice pointed out. Penny raised her head slighting and
brought her lips in contact with the transvestite's ass pucker.
She kissed and licked the pink opening, periodically pushing her
tongue as far in as she could. While his ass hole was being
tongued, Candice fingered Penny to several orgasms. When he was
satisfied with the way she cleaned his ass, Candice rose and sat
on the sofa.

     "Do you wish to take a shower before you leave?" The trans-
vestite mistress asked the girl.

     "Before I go couldn't you fuck me one more time mistress
Candice?" Penny asked the she-male." I need your cock up my ass."

     "I've done enough fucking for one evening. If you spend the
night I'll ass fuck you in the morning."

     "I really want to stay, but I can't." Penny cried. "Couldn't
I do something for you so you will fuck my ass mistress Candice?"

     Candice thought for a moment, then smiled. "I'll fuck your
ass, but I'll take something in return." He said to the girl,
looking at her strangely.

     Candice took Penny by the hand and guided her to the bed-
room. It was as plush and well  furnished as the living room was.
The transvestite told Penny to fluff the pillows up and rest them
on the headboard of the bed. The girl was then directed to lie on
her back on the bed, her head raised by the pillows. Candice
straightly the prone girl and put his cock by Penny's mouth. The
teen-ager sucked it in and used her tongue and lips to bring the
flaccid penis to full erection. While she gave the transvestite
head, Candice was finger fucking her and using her pussy juices
to lubricate her ass hole. Candice got off of Penny and roughly
turned her over. He pushed the girl's head into the pillow, moved
back and lifted her ass into the air. "Spread your ass cheeks."
He ordered Penny. She complied. Candice knelt behind and brought
his cock to her cunt and fucked her for several minutes. He then
pulled out and brought his cum soaked cock to the opening of
Penny's ass hole. He rubbed his cock over the wanting ass pucker,
then withdrew. Penny was afraid that Candice decided not to fuck
her. Suddenly, the cockhead violently entered her ass hole,
swiftly and without warning. Candice grabbed Penny's hips and in
one fast non-stopped motion drove he cock completely into the
girl's ass. Penny screamed in pain. Candice began fucking in and
out of the tight, dry ass hole rapidly. The pain Penny felt was
indescribable. Tears came to her eyes as she cried into the
pillow. Candice reached around the girl and began fingering her
cunt, all the while, ramming Penny's tight ass. The terrible pain
turned to sexual pleasure, and Penny had her first orgasm from
the ass fucking. Penny stopped crying and began returning Can-
dice's ass fucking thrusts. Candice leaned over and rubbed his
large transvestite tits on Penny's back. His erect nipples caused
the girl more pleasure and more orgasms. After 15 minutes of non-
stopped, hard, fast ass fucking, Candice shot his load up Penny's
ass. The girl's ass muscles milked every drop of the she-male's
cum. Candice withdrew his cock from her ass hole, turned the girl
over and ordered her the clean his dick with her tongue. Penny
licked the cum and shit from the still engorged prick that had
just fucked her in the ass.

     "Time to pay for your pleasure." Candice told Penny. "Take
off your garter belt and stockings." Penny removed the last
pieces of clothing she had on. He led the girl by the hand to the
bathroom. Penny had trouble walking, her ass was sore from the
reaming it just took. In the bathroom Candice said. "lie down in
the tub, spread your legs and hold your cunt lips open. Open your
mouth too."

     Penny got into the tub and positioned herself as directed.
She thought that Candice was going to douche her and have her
drink the pussy juice and water mixture. Instead Candice stood
over Penny and pointed his dick at her cunt. Seconds latter,
liquid discharged from the transvestite's cock streaming onto
Penny's open cunt. Candice was pissing on her. The sensation of
the warm piss landing on her clit caused Penny to come. Candice
directed the piss flow up Penny's body to the girl's tits. He
coated her breasts and nipples with the yellow stream.

     "Play with yourself." Candice commanded the girl. Penny
fingered her own cunt, massaging his piss into her body while the
transvestite continued to piss on her tits. Candice aimed his
flowing cockhead to Penny's face. The girl laid still in the tub,
her mouth open, waiting in anticipation for the stream of yellow
pee to pass her lips, while she continued to finger her pussy.
Candice pissed on Penny's hair, her eyes and cheeks. Finally he
said to the sexually drained girl. "Where do you want the last
few ounces."

    "In my mouth, please mistress Candice, piss in my mouth."
Penny replied pleadingly, not believing her own words. The
transvestite smiled and aimed his cock to her expectant lips and
pissed into Penny's mouth As the first drops of warm urine touch
her tongue, Penny came violently. Candice filled the girls mouth
with piss, then watched as the girl slowly swallowed the yellow
drink, savoring its taste while finger fucking her pissed on
cunt. Penny brought her hands to her breasts and rubbed the she-
male's piss into her pores. The exhausted girl then laid in the
tub, soaked with her transvestite mistress's piss.

     Candice left the bathroom, directing the girl to clean up.
Penny took a shower, dried her hair, and went back to the bed-
room. Candice was lying on the bed in a sexy silk robe that
exposed his female tits but covered his cock. He said to Penny in
a feminine voice. "Bring you clothes in. I want to watch you
dress."

    Penny retrieved her clothes and brought them back to the
bedroom. She put them on erotically, hoping to arouse Candice for
one more fucking. The transvestite watched with interest, but was
finished for the night. "May I come back again mistress Candice?"
Penny asked. Candice handed her a card.

     "Call me during the week. We'll arrange to meet next week-
end. You may go now."

     Candice exposed his cock for Penny to kiss goodbye. The girl
kissed it, but when she tried to take it in  her mouth, the she-
male pulled back. "I said next weekend." He said sternly to the
girl. Penny then kissed each of her mistress's large artificial
breasts and thanked her for the evening.

     "Close the door behind you." Candice told Penny. The girl
left the apartment and rode down the elevator. The doorman hailed
her a cab. As Penny rode home, she looked back at the building,
thinking about her transvestite mistress and the evening that
just ended. 




CHAPTER 5. LISA REVISITED

     The cab dropped Penny off well after 3 in the morning. Penny
tip toed upstairs, looking to see which room Lisa was sleeping
in. She found her in the guess bedroom, alone. Alice must have
left. It was a warm night and Lisa was not using any blankets.
Penny cause make out the darkened form lying peacefully on the
bed. Lisa was wearing little baby doll pajamas. Her long legs
were fully exposed. Lisa's hand was cupping one of her breasts.
Penny had the urge to crawl in beside her, but thought better of
it. She closed the door on the sleeping young woman and went to
her own bedroom. She undressed quickly and got into bed, not
bothering with a nightgown. As she drifted off to sleep, she
thought of Lisa, Leroy and Candice.

     Penny woke up about 10 the next morning. She put on her robe
and went to the bathroom, then passed by the guess bedroom. Lisa
was not there. Penny walked downstairs looking for the college
girl. She was not in the house. Penny found her in the backyard
taking a sunbath. Lisa was lying on a lounge chair in a skimpy
bikini; the top of which was on the table beside her. Penny
studied Lisa's breasts. They were larger then her own, perhaps a
C cup. Her nipples were large and erect. They, and the
surrounding tit flesh glistened under the sun tan oil Lisa was
applying. Lisa gently massaged the oil into her skin, feeling all
around her perfectly shaped breasts. Penny began to get excited
watching the older girl play with herself. She went out to speak
to Lisa.

    "Good morning Lisa." She said.

     The older girl continued oiling her breasts. "You got home a
lot later then 11." Lisa was annoyed, not because Penny got home
late, but because if she had known, Alice could have stayed
longer.

    "I'm sorry." Penny apologized. "I got involved in something
and didn't realize the time. Lisa looked at her crossly. Her
expression told Penny that she knew that Penny had been fucking.
`What would she say if she knew who I was fucking and what else I
did.' Penny thought.

     "Are you going out today?" Lisa asked.

     Penny had no plans. If John called her about tonight, she
was going to tell him to go to hell. Penny knew that Lisa wanted
her out of the house so that she could bring one of her lesbian
friends over so she said. "Probably about 2. If its O.K. by you,
I'd like to stay at one of my friend's tonight." Penny figured
that if need be, she could spend the afternoon shopping. Because
it was Saturday night all of her friends would be on dates. She
thought she could go back to Candice's, after all even if Candice
was busy, he would let Penny over to use her any way he wanted.

     "That's fine with me." Lisa said happily. All the time they
were talking, Lisa was oiling her body. Penny was dripping just
watching.

     "If you'll excuse me, I want to eat breakfast and do some
things before I leave."

     "Go." Lisa said without looking up. As Penny went back in
the house, Lisa picked up the phone beside her and made a call.

     Penny ate quickly then went to her room. `Time to put my
plan into action.' She thought. Penny put on a semi-sexy bra,
with matching panties and a garter belt. She hooked on a pair of
sheer black stockings. The bra covered her nipples completely,
but was sheer enough so they could be seen. She took three of her
mini-skirts and ripped out the hems. She put one on and laid the
other two and her bed. Penny went out to Lisa, without bothering
to put a blouse on. Lisa was still sunbathing topless.

     "I'm sorry to bother you Lisa, but I could use your help."

     Lisa looked up at the bra cladded girl before her and asked,
"What is it."

     "I'm lowering the hems on my mini-skirts, and I need someone
to set the length."

    "Why are you doing that?" Lisa asked, as she studied the
erect nipples under Penny's bra.

     "I've decided to wear stockings and garters rather then
pantyhose from now on." Penny raised the bottom of her skirt
revealing her stocking tops and a good size patch of bare skin
above them. Lisa became interested.

     "Sure I'll help." Lisa volunteered in a soft sexy voice. She
had always spoken roughly yo Penny before this. "Where are your
pins and things?"

     "In my room."

     Lisa picked up her bikini top and put it on, tying it around
her neck and behind her back. Penny was disappointed  that Lisa
didn't stay topless. The two girls went upstairs to Penny's room.
Penny stood on a little stool and Lisa knelt down to the younger
girl's skirt bottom. She fixed the min-skirt to the proper
length. Several times during her work, she inadvertently touch
Penny's bare thighs. She also pressed her breasts into Penny's
leg. Both girls were silent and getting excited.

     When Lisa was done with the first skirt, Penny got off the
stool to try another skirt on. As she unzipped the first skirt,
she turned to face Lisa, who had remained on her knees. Penny
wiggle out of the skirt, moving her hips much more then she had
to. Her nipples were rock hard under her bra. When the skirt
dropped Lisa could see a little wet spot on Penny's panties at
her cunt opening. The older girl smiled. Before Penny could
slither into the second mini-skirt, the phone rang. Penny answer-
ed, it was John asking about their date that night.

     "Go to hell you cheating bastard!" Penny screamed into the
receiver. "I never want to see you again as long as I live." She
slammed the phone down. Penny turned to Lisa and apologized.

     "That's alright Penny. May I ask what that was about?"

     "That was my boyfriend, or ex-boyfriend John. Yesterday at
school I saw one of my girlfriends, ex-girlfriends, giving him a
blowjob. You really can't trust boys, but there aren't any
alternatives, are there?"

     "I wouldn't say that." Lisa said knowingly. "Come on let's
finish what we started."

    Penny put on the second mini-skirt and got back on the stool.
Lisa began setting the hem length. This time, her hands were all
over Penny's thighs. She reached up just below Penny's cunt and
massaged the younger girl's skin. Lisa kept pressing her breast
into Penny's leg. She too was sorry that she had put her bikini
top back on.

    When she was finished with the second hem, Lisa patted Penny
on the ass and told her to put on the third skirt. As Penny
removed the skirt she had on, Lisa could see a larger wet spot on
Penny's panties.

     Penny got on the stool in the last mini-skirt. This time
Lisa stopped all pretenses. She brought her hand up under Penny's
skirt and put it squarely on Penny's panties covered cunt. There
could be no doubt about her intentions. Her other hand moved
under her skirt to the younger girl's ass. Penny shuttered from
her first lesbian induced orgasm.

     Lisa rose from her kneeling position. With her hands still
under Penny's skirt, She turned Penny towards her and kissed the
cheerleader  open mouthed on the lips. Their tongues intertwined
as Penny returned the passionate kiss. Lisa took her hands from
Penny's cunt and ass and embraced the girl. The kiss was the most
erotic Penny had ever had. It continued as Lisa directed the
younger girl towards the bed. Lisa gentle pushed her down onto
the girl's bed. Penny looked up apprehensively as Lisa, still in
her bikini strattled Penny, sitting on the prone girls stomach.

     Lisa brought her hands to Penny's breasts and caressed them
through the girl's bra. "Have you ever touched a women's breasts
Penny?" She asked the girl beneath her.

     Penny shook her head no. This wasn't a lie. Even though
Penny had touched, kissed and sucked Candice's breasts the other
night, those tits were artificial, belonging to a transvestite
male.

     "Would you like to touch and taste mine?" Lisa asked as she
gently removed Penny's bra straps from her shoulders and folded
the cups away from Penny's tits. She then returned to feeling
Penny's breasts, this time touching her bare skin while awaiting
the answer that she knew would be yes.

     "Yes." Penny whispered hoarsely. Lisa smiled at her. She
took Penny's hands and brought them to her own bikini covered
breasts, then returned her hands to the girl's nipples. Penny
squeezed Lisa's breasts through their flimsy cover. She felt the
hard nipples of the girl above her and wished she could suck them
into her mouth. After several minutes Lisa untied her bikini top
by her neck. As the strings fell, Penny lifted her hands from the
tits she was working, allowing the bikini cups to fall from
Lisa's chest. When Penny returned her fingers to Lisa's tits they
now caressed Lisa's bare breasts. The two girls continued to feel
each other up for several minutes, then Lisa bent over forward,
bring one of her breasts to Penny's mouth. Penny sucked the
nipple in between her lips, cumming once more. Penny's mouth,
lips and tongue felt the velvet texture of Lisa's nipple and the
perfect tit behind it. Her real breast was much softer then
Candice's artificial tit mass. Penny was sure that in the future
she would be able to differentiate a real tit from a fake one.

     Penny sucked on Lisa's tits, one then the other as the older
girl alternated the breast she presented to Penny's mouth. This
went on for about 10 minutes. Then Lisa moved up on Penny. She
now strattled Penny's shoulders, her bikini covered pussy inches
from Penny's mouth. Penny breathed in the aroma from Lisa's
nearby snatch.

    "Have you ever tasted a cunt?" Lisa asked Penny.

    "Only my own." Penny answered excitedly.

     "Would you like to taste my cunt?" Lisa asked teasingly.

     "Yes." Penny whispered as she came from the question, the
pussy odor and the thought of things to come. Lisa moved up
further and put her cunt at Penny's mouth. Penny licked at the
bikini bottom front, sucking cunt juices through the material.
Lisa put her hand down the front of her own bikini and slid a
finger into her own cunt. She put the finger covered with her
pussy juices by Penny's mouth. Penny sucked it in licking the
cunt juices off with her tongue. Lisa continued to finger feed
Penny cunt juice for several minutes. Then, she undid the side
bows on her bikini bottom and let the cunt covering material fall
away. She pulled the bikini off and rested her bare ass on
Penny's shoulders. Penny stared at the moist,naked cunt an inch
from her mouth. She studied the pink folds of Lisa's cunt,
looking for her clit . Lisa took Penny's head in her hands and
brought Penny's mouth to her pussy. Lisa held Penny's head as the
younger girl got her first lesson in cunt lapping. Penny had
another orgasm as her tongue entered Lisa's cunt opening. Penny
licked and fucked at Lisa's cunt the way her brother had eaten
her own. Lisa was telling the novice cunt sucker how she liked it
and how she wanted Penny to proceed. Penny was a good learner and
gave Lisa a multitude of orgasms during that tongue session. Lisa
leaned back while Penny's mouth worked on her cunt, and lifted
the younger girl's skirt. Lisa put her hand in Penny's panties,
finger fucking her while Penny ate Lisa out.

     "I want to  taste you too." Lisa groaned to Penny. Lisa
turned around, keeping her cunt near Penny's mouth while placing
her own mouth at Penny's cunt. She removed Penny's skirt and
pushed her panties away. Penny spread her legs and Lisa's mouth
went to work on Penny's pussy. Penny returned to her own cunt
licking work on Lisa's opening. The two girls continued to 69
each other, periodically moving their mouths to their partner's
ass hole and tonguing the tight back doors.

    "Could we switch positions?" Lisa asked. "My back is sore
from bending over."

     "Sure." Penny replied. She gave Lisa's cunt one more kiss,
then the older girl got on her back with Penny above her. They
resumed their mutual cunt and ass eating.Lisa was eating the cunt
above her while stroking and pinching Penny's dangling tits Penny
was concentrating on the pussy below her, learning the best ways
to tongue cunt. She felt Lisa's tongue licking her clit, and at
the same time, felt another tongue in her ass hole. Penny turned
around momentarily to find that another girl had joined them. The
three young women continued for several minutes then Lisa told
Penny to lie down on the bed.

    Penny complied with Lisa's request. She saw that the new girl
was Joan, one of Lisa, old friends from high school. Joan was
about 8 inches taller than Penny, but had very small tits. Her
hair was cut in a boyish style. Joan got between Penny's legs and
began to eat Penny out. Her technique was harder and faster than
Lisa's, but produced the same result, Penny came once more. While
Joan was sucking Penny's cunt, Lisa came around and sat on
Penny's face, her cunt juices dripping into Penny's open mouth.
Lisa ground her pussy down as Penny tongue fucked the cunt above
her. After Lisa came a few times. She got up and left the room.
Joan positioned herself over Penny's mouth and the two girls
69-ed each others cunts. Penny tasted her second clit of the day.
Lisa returned, wearing a strap on dildo around her waist. She
pulled Penny's legs so  that Penny's cunt was at the edge of the
bed. Lisa stood in between Penny's legs and rubbed the plastic
cockhead around Penny's cunt. Joan also moved down, again putting
her pussy in Penny's face. Lisa shoved the dildo in Penny's open,
dripping cunt while Penny ate Joan's pussy. With one hand, Lisa
fingered Penny's ass hole while her other hand played with
Penny's tits. All the while Lisa was fucking Penny with the
plastic cock shaped dildo. As Penny continued to tongue Joan's
cunt and get fucked by Lisa, Joan and Lisa were kissing pas-
sionately above Penny. Penny reached up and alternately played
with the two pairs of breasts above her.

     After Penny came several times, Lisa withdrew the dildo from
Penny's cunt and worked it into Penny's ass. Penny's cunt was now
free for Joan to bend down and suck. So while Penny and Joan
69-ed each other's pussys, Lisa fucked Penny in the ass with a
plastic cock. When Lisa withdrew the dildo from Penny's ass, Joan
licked it clean.

     Lisa traded places with Penny. The younger girl fucked Lisa
with the dildo while Lisa ate Joan's cunt. The three girls
continued their round robin orgy through the afternoon. The girls
fucked and sucked each other in every room in the house. They
paraded around naked, sometimes with dildos strapped on. Their
lesbian orgy lasted well into the evening.

     Around 11 that night Penny told the others she wanted to go
out and have a few drinks. Joan and Lisa wanted to stay and
screw, but decided to give in to Penny's wish. "Only for a
couple." Lisa said. The three girls got dressed and took Joan's
car downtown.

      They parked the car and walk looking for an interesting
bar. They past a topless bar. There was a large sign outside that
said `Amateur's night! Bring your wives and girlfriends! Cash
prizes!'

     Penny saw that there were a lot of people inside. "Let's go
in for a few minutes. Let's see what's going on."

     "I don't think that's a good idea." Lisa replied guardedly.


     "Please!" Penny squealed.

     "Well, O.K." Lisa smiled. "Just for a few minutes."

      The three women walked into the dark bar. A woman was
dancing on a long platform, surrounded by a lot of men. She was
only wearing panties and high heels. She had large breasts that
bounced freely as she danced to the fast music. Men were putting
dollar bills in her panties, fleetingly touching her cunt. A few
minutes later the dance ended. The men applauded loudly.

     "Is there another contestant?" The M.C. asked over the
loudspeaker. "Come on ladies, don't be shy! Lets PARTY!!!"

     Some men loudly coaxed a young woman at their table. She
shrugged, smiled O.K., and got up. "Over there, our next contes-
tant!" The M.C. applauded. The woman took off her blouse, bra,
and skirt. She walked half naked through the crowd to the stage.
Men were feeling her up all along the way. Penny was getting
excited. Lisa and Joan were getting uncomfortable. The music
started and the woman began her topless dance. She wasn't a good
dancer, but that didn't stop the men from making lewd remarks and
trying to put dollars in her panties. In a few minutes she was
finished and moved quickly from the stage to the men's applause.

    "Who will be our next contestant?" The M.C. shouted.

    Before he could say another word, Penny shouted. "Me! I
will!"

    "Penny!" Lisa exclaimed. "I don't think this is a good idea!"
Lisa was nervous.

     "Relax Lisa. Nobody is going to hurt me. I guess I'm an
exhibitionist." Penny explained to her lesbian lover. Penny took
off her blouse, bra and skirt as the other girl had done under
the full view of the men in the bar. She handed her clothes to
Lisa and walked slowly to the stage. Hands were all over her
breasts. By the time she got to the stage, her panties were
around her knees. She coyly pulled them back up over her pussy.
She got on the stage. The men saw she was wearing a garter belt
and stockings and went wild.

     The music started and Penny danced to the sexy beat. The men
applauded loudly and called out obscene things for Penny to do.
Penny quickly got hot and lost what few inhibitions she had left.
She started to caress her naked breasts, bending over and pre-
senting then to the crowd. She brought her mouth to one of her
nipples and sucked it in between her lips. The men went wild. She
grinded her hips inches from some of her audience. She put her
hand in her panties and fingered her cunt for the crowd. She
brought her finger, now covered with cunt juice, to her mouth and
licked it clean. She did this several times, then presented her
cream covered finger to one of the men. He licked it clean as
others squeezed her breasts and rubbed her cunt. There was a big
wet spot on the front of her panties.

     The music ended. The men shouted for more. Penny nodded her
head yes. Another song was played and Penny continued her act.
She rubbed her panties into her cunt. After soaking them with her
cream, she undid the bows of her panties and brought them to her
mouth, sucking her cunt juices from her little pink panties.
Penny was now completely naked, except for her non-protective
garter belt and stockings. She was sucking her cunt juices from
her panties and dancing erotically in front of 30 horny, cheering
men. Penny started fingering her cunt again and presenting her
finger to her admirers to lick. She laid down on the stage and
pushed herself to the edge. She presented her cunt to one of the
bar patrons and he buried his face in her pussy. Another man put
his mouth on one of Penny's nipples. The crowd bar watched as one
of their own ate out the young exhibitionist. Penny pulled away
from the now disappointed man. She got down on her knees and
moved her ass in the face of another guy at another part of the
stage. He licked and kissed her asshole. Penny got up and strut-
ted along the edge of the stage. Men were copping feels and
putting money in her garters and in her cunt. Penny laid down
into middle of the stage and fingered her cunt rapidly. She timed
it so she came as the music ended. The crowd went roared. The
M.C. got up on stage and pronounced Penny the winner. He held her
hand up in the air, her panties hanging from her fingers. He gave
her a one hundred dollar bill and kissed her hard on her mouth
while he fingered her cunt and she rubbed his cock through his
pants.

     Penny jumped down from the stage and moved quickly to Lisa
and Joan. Her lovers were visibly angry, but equally excited. A
number of men came over and propositioned her. Penny gracefully
declined, but let each guy cop a feel. When she finished dress-
ing, Lisa grabbed her hand and rushed her from the bar.

    When they got outside, Lisa turned to Penny and Said. "How
could you do that, especially in front of us? I never saw such a
lewd exhibit in my life. I can't believe a young girl like you
can be so, so obscene!"

     Penny turned to the other girls. "I'm sorry if I upset you.
I didn't mean to. I just got so hot watching those women dancing
naked in front of all those guys that I had to do it. I must have
come five times while I was up there. Knowing everyone of them
would give anything to fuck me was unreal. It took everything I
had not to give that M.C. a blow job, or to fuck him on that
stage. The only reason I didn't was that I knew that if I did,I'd
have to take the whole bar on. I wasn't up for that tonight. I'll
understand if you don't want to see me anymore. I'm sorry if I
hurt you." Penny was genuinely sad and Lisa could sense it.

    Lisa kissed Penny firmly on the younger girl's mouth. "Oh
Penny." She said softly. "Of course I still want to see you. I
guess I was jealous. I know you'll be doing a lot of things
without me, and I'll have to get used to it. Do you still want to
get fucked by some women tonight?"

     Penny smiled. "Yes Lisa." She kissed her female lover and
took her hand.

     "So Penny." Lisa laughed, "How much money did you make
tonight?"

     Penny giggled. "With the prize, about $300. There were three
50 dollar bills in my cunt."

     The three women walked away. "Let's go home." Joan said.
They got into her car and drove to Penny's house. The three girls
slept in Penny's  parent's bed that night. They resumed their
lesbian orgy where thet had left off.Penny fell asleep with one
of Lisa's nipples in her mouth, suckling it like a baby. 




CHAPTER 6. SUNDAY MORNING GANG BANG

     Penny woke on Sunday morning naked in her parent's bed
between two equally naked and beautiful girls. Lisa's hand was on
Penny's breast, Joan's was on Penny's ass. Penny thought about
her experiences with the two lesbians, and the previous fuckings
from her brother, Leroy, the black ghetto kid with the huge cock,
and Candice, her transvestite mistress with a real cock and real
looking tits. She decided that while pussy was nice to eat, and
that women lick cunt better than men, she still needed real cock.
Dildos just couldn't compare. She decided that she was a bi-
sexual girl, and would fuck anything that was appealing to her.
She also thought about John, her boyfriend of up to two days ago
when she caught Jane blowing him. Penny decided that she hadn't
been fair to John. Sure, he hadn't been faithful to her, but she
hadn't been faithful to him. After all, she fucked her brother
and she hadn't even fucked John yet, even though he'd been dating
her for two years. Penny decided to go over to John's house that
day and let him fuck her. Just then Lisa woke up. She smiled at
Penny then moved her mouth to the younger girl's and kissed her
passionately. Penny returned the kiss, slipping her tongue into
Lisa's mouth.

    After several minutes of necking Lisa said. "You're parents
are coming home today. Would you like to spend the day with me
and Joan. We're going to Alice's apartment. I'm going to stay
there the rest of the time I'm in town."

     "Thank you Lisa. I'd really like to, but I've got a lot of
things to do today. Could I go over there later in the week?"

     "Sure." Lisa replied, not concealing the disappointment she
felt. "I'll leave you Alice's phone number and address." As they
talked the two girls playing with each others breasts.

     "May I ask you a question?" Penny said.

     "Sure. Ask away."

     "Why did such a pretty girl like you become a lesbian. I
mean, you don't like boys at all, just girls."

     Lisa decided to tell Penny the true reason she was a dyke.
"When my mother was alive, I used to date boys. They would always
try to fuck me and were very rough when they felt me up. I didn't
like it. When my mother died, my father went to pieces. He began
to drink, got real fat, lost all the hair on his head except that
semi-circle by his ears. He rarely took a shower. He became a
real slob. One night, about three months after my mother died, he
drank a lot of beer and came into my room while I was sleeping.
He woke me up because he was feeling my breasts under my pajamas.
I asked him to stop. He told me to shut up. He said that since my
mother was dead and he made me, I was going to take her place.
While he was telling me this, he kept pinching my nipples and
squeezing my tits. He told me to take his cock out and suck his
dick. I was frightened. I put my hand in my father's pants and
took his cock to my lips. I sucked my father off. After he came
in my mouth, he tore my pajamas off and ate my cunt. One good
thing I can say about my dad is that he knows how to lick pussy.
He's about as good as any girl I know. When he had enough cunt.
he climbed on me and fucked me. Before that night I had never
sucked or fucked a boy. My first was my dad. After that night, he
made me sleep with him every night. He fucked me whenever he
wanted too. A few times he brought his boss or a friend over to
fuck me. He said my mom used to do it to. This went on for two
years until I went to college. The only things my father didn't
do to me was fuck me in the ass or have me lick his asshole. I
threatened to go to the police if he tried that so he backed off.
I stopped dating boys, my father was jealous. I began to have sex
with my girl friends and found that I like cunt better than cock.
I'll never go home again or be alone with my father. I'll never
fuck another man again."

    When Lisa was finished with her story, Penny couldn't believe
it. Lisa's dad was the biggest slob Penny ever saw and he fucked
his daughter! Then, as Penny thought about it more, she began to
get excited. She wanted to ask Lisa how big his cock was, but
thought better of it. Penny decided that if her mother died and
her fath�r wanted to fuck her, she would let him. Maybe, she
would even offer to.

     "That's a terrible experience." Penny said. "I can see why
you got turned off to cock." The two girls chatted about other
things for a while, then Penny got up to shower and get dressed.
She left Lisa and her other lesbian lover, Joan in her parent's
bed.

     After showering and putting on her make-up, Penny selected a
sexy bra and panties set, with a matching garter belt of course.
The bra cupped the underside of her breasts, exposing her nipple.
The panties tied at her hips, allowing easy removal. Penny put on
a low cut blouse, and finished the outfit with a mini-skirt. She
wore the high heel shoes her brother bought her. As she went
downstairs, she heard the sounds of lesbian love making coming
from her parent's bedroom and knew that Lisa and Joan were up and
at it.

     Penny had a quick bite to eat, then walked over to John's
house, a couple of blocks away. On arrival, she rang the door
bell. John's brother Mitch answer. Mitch was the same age as
Penny's brother. He didn't join the army or go to college. He
worked as a construction laborer and had a nice muscular body. He
was much taller than John.

     "Hi Mitch! Is John home?" Penny asked.

     Mitch stared at her provocative outfit for a few seconds
then said. "No he went out a few minutes ago. I don't know when
he'll be back."

     "Can I wait for him?" Penny asked.

     Not taking his eyes off of Penny's barely covered nipples
Mitch said. "Well, I've some friends over and my parents are gone
for the day..."

     Before he could finish Penny said. "Please, I won't be any
bother."

     "Well, I guess its all right."

     Penny thanked Mitch and walked in the house. Four of Mitch's
friends from work were there. Penny knew two who used to hang out
with her brother. The third and fourth were a black man and a
Puerto Rican, also about Mitch's age. All the guys looked at
Penny's gorgeous little scantily cladded body as she walked in.

     "Hi Penny!" One of the guys Penny knew said looking at her
with lust in his eyes. Want to watch a movie with us while you
wait?"

     "What movie?" She asked

     "A porno flick." He laughed.

     "No thanks." She said. "I'll wait in the kitchen.

     "What's the matter? Not grown up enough." He taunted.

     Penny was a little annoyed. `If he knew what I've done in
the past few days, he sure as hell wouldn't say that.' Then she
thought. `I've never seen a porno flick. Maybe I could learn
something.' "I'm grown up enough. O.K., where do I sit?"

     "All right!" He said and motioned to a chair near the Puerto
Rican.

     Penny sat down and crossed her legs. A large patch of thigh
was visible below the hem of her mini-skirt. All of the guys
approved. Mitch turned the VCR on. The porno movie was about a
female high school teacher who fucked her students, male and
female, alone and in groups. As the movies progressed everyone
was getting turned on. Penny's nipples were rock hard and clearly
visible through her blouse. She was breathing heavily. She kept
crossing and uncrossing her legs, in effect playing with herself.
Her panties were wet from her cream dripping from her cunt. She
kept staring at the T.V., taking in all the action.

     The five guys were also excited. They kept looking at Penny
and at the T.V. Some were moving their hands in their laps. Jose,
the Puerto Rican was sitting on the sofa, with Penny on the chair
next to him. Finally, after one really erotic scene in the movie,
he put his hand on Penny's knee. She didn't move it away. He
slowly began moving his hand up her leg, towards her cunt. She
un-crossed her legs and spread them, giving him easier access.
Jose took Penny's hand and put it in his lap. She felt his erect
prick and moved her hand over it.

     Tyrone, the black man was sitting next to Jose. He leaned
over and whispered something in Jose's ear. The Puerto Rican
nodded affirmatively. Tyrone moved over on the sofa away from
Jose.

     As Jose's hand reached Penny's wet panties he said to her.
"Move over here, between me and Tyrone."

     Penny got up and sat between the two men. Jose put his hand
back on her leg near her pussy. Tyrone did the same on her other
leg. She placed a hand in each of their laps. By this time Pete,
the one who invited her to watch the movie, saw what was going on
and decided to join the action. He got up and went behind the
sofa. He stood in back of Penny and put his hands down her
blouse, grabbing her tits roughly. He then opened his pants, took
his dick out and rubbed it against the back of her head. He
returned his hands to her tits.

     Jose whispered to Penny to raise her ass a little. When she
complied, he and Tyrone bunched her skirt around her waist,
exposing her skimpy panties. Tyrone and Jose undid the bows of
her panties and opened them. They both put their hands in her
cunt, one in her hole and the other on her clit. Penny came with
a shutter. Pete, by this time had opened her blouse and was
squeezing her exposed tits. The other two guys were now watching
the Penny show exclusively.

     Mitch said. "Looks like she wants it. She wants it bad."
Penny nodded her head yes. "Lets get organized."

     Mitch took charge. He told Penny to get up and take her
clothes off. As she stood her panties fell to the floor. She
quickly removed her opened blouse and skirt. She left her bra on,
but pushed the half cups aside so her entire tit flesh was
exposed. While she was stripping, so were the guys.

     "How do you want it first?" Mitch asked her.

     "The nigger in my cunt and the spic in my ass. I'll blow
Pete.

    Penny sat on Tyrone's lap facing him. She took his cock and
shoved it up her pussy and began to ride it. Jose got behind her.
She reached for his dick and brought it to her asshole opening.
He shoved it up her ass. Sitting on Tyrone's lap the way she
was, her head was above his. Pete brought his cock to her face
and she sucked it into her mouth. The other two guys stood next
to Pete. She reached for their cocks and started to jerk them off
in her face.

     In short order, Penny was attune to the strokes of the guys
fucking her every hole. As she rose up along Tyrone's cock, she
would push her ass back, taking more of Jose's prick in her ass.
She would also move her mouth forward, sucking in more of Pete's
cock. When she moved down on Tyrone's cock, she also reversed
the action on the other two cocks. She continued this motion,
cumming several times. Pete was the first guy to cum. He erupted
in her mouth, then pulled out and spurted cum over her face as he
had seen the studs doing in the movie. Jose came in her ass, then
pulled back and shot most of his load onto her ass cheeks.
Tyrone's black cock shot sperm deep into her pussy. When the
guys she was jerking off released, Penny directed their loads to
her breasts.

     Penny got off of Tyrone's lap, her body dripping their cum.
"I want each of you in every one of my holes, my cunt, my ass,
and my mouth." As she spoke, Penny gathered the cum on her tits
into her hand and licked her fingers clean. She knelt in front of
Jose and sucked his cock, that had just been in her ass, clean.
She did the same to Tyrone's black dick. The guys were amazed
when she sucked the 10 inch cock down her throat easily. For
Penny this was no great feat. After all, it was 4 inches shorter
than Leroy's black monster cock.

     For the next gang bang, Penny wanted Ted, the fifth guy, in
her cunt, Mitch in her ass and Leroy in her mouth. She again
jerked the other two off. Again, after they were finished, she
scooped up as much of their cum as possible and ate it. She used
her mouth to clean the pricks that had been in her cunt and ass.
She danced erotically around the room to get their pricks up for
more fucking. She finger fucked her cunt and ass. Mitch brought
in some cucumbers. Penny fucked herself with the vegetables, then
sucked her juices off of them. When the guy's cocks were once
more sufficiently hard, she had them fuck her again.

     The gang bang went on until there was only one combination
of cocks, Penny's holes and hands left. As Penny was mounting
Pete's cock, with Ted behind her ready to put his prick into her
asshole and Jose expecting his blow job from her, the front door
opened and John and Jane came into the room. Penny smiled at them
as she slipped Pete's prick into her cunt and said in a low sexy
voice. "Watch what you'll never have John. Janey, you watch to,
you'll learn something." Penny then got fucked by the three cocks
and jerked the other two off. John and Jane couldn't believe
their eyes. There was Penny, up to a day ago his girlfriend  who
wouldn't let him touch her, wearing only a garter belt and
stockings, her bra cups pushed aside so her tits were exposed,
getting fucked in every way possible by his brother and his
friends. She was enjoying it. John's cock began to rise in his
pants. Jane was equally incredulous. She always thought that
Penny was a prude and here she was doing things that Jane never
dreamed of, completely un-ashamed. Jane also began to get hot.

     When they were finished cumming on her, the five guys were
exhausted, each having fucked all of her holes and getting a
couple of hand jobs. Penny, now high from being fucked so much,
wanted more. She went over to where John and Jane were sitting,
and stood in front of them swaying her hips erotically. John had
his hand in his lap. Jane has her legs crossed and was squeezing
her legs together.

     Penny ran her hands over her tits. "Did you like what you
just saw John?" She asked.

     "Yes." John answered weakly.

     Penny smiled at them seductively. She laid on the floor and
spread her legs. Her cunt lips were red from all the fucking it
just finished. She began to finger fuck herself. "You'll never
get any of it." She taunted John. "Two days ago, I would have
given you anything you wanted. Then, I saw you getting blown by
Janey here. I'll never let you fuck me. Maybe Jane will fuck you.
Why don't you fuck John now Jane? Let's see how grown up you
are."

    "I don't do things like that." Jane told Penny, not taking
her eyes from Penny's cunt.

     "You don't fuck in front of other people?"

     "I don't fuck period!" Jane exclaimed.

     "Oh! So the little cocksucker is still a virgin. Hear that
John, she'll never ball you!" Penny laughed as she continued to
finger her cunt. She took her cum covered finger out of her cunt,
put it to her lips and slowly licked it clean. The five guys who
had been fucking Penny gathered around to get a better look at
the show. "So Jane, I know you suck cock, do you lick cunt also?"


     "That's disgusting!" Jane said loudly. "That's sick!"

     Penny stood up and walked closer to Jane. Still fingering
her cunt she said. "Well Janey," she said in her sexiest voice,
"I'm not sick, and I'm not disgusting, but I want my cunt licked
now, and I want it licked by you, just like you licked John's
cock on Friday."

     "I'll never do that, you're nuts. I'm leaving." Jane yelled.

      "Yes you will. No I'm not. No your not. Guys, how about
some help?" Penny said coolly. The five Penny fuckers smiled and
laughed. Two of them got behind Jane and held her in her chair.
When John tried to intervene, the others held him down. "Now
Janey," Penny continued, "unless you want to get fucked by all
these guys, a black, a Puerto Rican, in all your holes mind you,
you'll suck my cunt. Here Janey have your first taste of cunt.
Penny took her finger from her cunt and put it in front of Jane's
mouth. Jane looked around at all the hard cocks around her and
realized she had better do as she was told. Not believing she was
really doing it, Jane's tongue extended from her mouth and licked
at Penny's cum covered finger, tasting Penny's cream.

     Penny put her fingers to her cunt and brought it to Jane's
mouth several times. Each time, Jane licked the cunt juices from
the finger. "Lift your skirt. I want to see your pussy." Penny
directed Jane. Jane raised the hem of her skirt, exposing her
panty covered slit. Her panties were soaked with her cream. "Take
those little panties off Janey," Penny laughed.  Jane raised her
ass off of the chairs and pushed her panties down. Penny extended
her hand. Jane gave Penny her panties. Penny put the wet panties
to Jane's mouth and Jane started to lick the crotch. Penny and
the five guys looked at Jane's naked cunt. It was wet and pink.

     "Play with yourself Janey." Penny commanded Jane. The
humiliated Jane placed a hand by her own cunt and finger fucked
herself. In a few minutes, she came. The guys looked on to this
action excitedly. Penny took Jane's cum soaked panties back and
stuffed them into Jane's cunt soaking up more of her cream. She
then shoved the cum drenched panties into John's mouth. "You can
thank me later for giving you a taste of Janey's cunt John."
Turning back to Jane she said, "time for the real thing. On
you're knees."

     The two guys holding Jane in her chair pushed her down onto
her knees. Penny got the chair and moved it in front of the
kneeling Jane and sat down. Penny's cunt was inches from Jane's
mouth. Jane wanted to cry. "Please don't make me do this, please
don't!." She pleaded.

     Penny laughed. "You know you want to. You're really as big a
slut as I am. You know you want Tyrone's big black cock in your
cunt. Today though, you'll learn to lick cunt. Take off your
blouse."

     One of the guys reached down and snapped Jane's bra strap
against her back. Understanding that she had no choice, Jane
unbuttoned her blouse and took it off. Penny looked at Jane's
girlish white bra. Penny reached around behind Jane and unhooked
the kneeling girl's bra. When she did this, her cunt hair brushed
against Jane's nose and mouth. Penny pulled Jane's bra off and
looked at the submissive girl's naked breasts. Jane's tits were
about the same size as Penny's. Penny had seen them before in the
girl's locker room, but now, Jane's nipples were rock hard. Penny
reached down and took Jane's nipples in her hands and squeezed,
pinched and rolled them in her fingers. Jane came again. Jane
began to feel the need to be degraded by Penny.

     "Do you want to suck my cunt?" Penny asked Jane softly as
she continued to play with Jane's tits. "Do you want to please
me?"

     "Yes." Jane whispered submissively.

     "Ask me nicely Janey." Penny said authoritatively.

     "Please Penny, may I lick your cunt? I want to please you. I
want to learn how to lick a pussy. Please Penny let me suck your
sweet cunt." Jane begged.

     "All right Janey, you may lick my cunt. What do you say?"

     "Thank you Penny. Thank you for letting me lick your cunt."
Jane replied happily. Penny gently pushed the back of Jane's
head, directing Jane's mouth to her cunt. The five guys and John
looked on in amazement as Jane licked hungrily at the pink pussy
before her. Penny held her cunt lips opened, giving Jane's tongue
easier access.

     "That's a good cunt licker Janey. Suck all the cum from
these five studs from my cunt, lap up my cream. If you do a good
job, you can suck my ass. You want to suck my ass don't you
Janey. You want to suck these guys cum from my ass hole, don't
you Janey?" Jane nodded her head as she continued to lap the
pussy in front of her. "Why don't you jerk off John?"

     John had been sucking on Jane's panties as he watched his
new girl friend lick his old girl friend's cunt. At Penny's
command, he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. He began
to jerk off. Jane continued to suck at Penny's cunt. Penny
instructed Jane on how to eat a cunt, how to lick her cunt lips,
how to stick her tongue in and out to fuck Penny's hole, how to
rub her tongue against Penny's clit, and finally, how to suck at
her clit and make her cum. Penny came in Jane's mouth. Jane
lapped up all of Penny's cream that she could.

      Penny got up, turned around and pushed the chair away. She
stuck her ass in Jane's face. Jane spread Penny's ass cheeks and
began tonguing Penny's asshole, sucking the cum of the five guys
who had fucked Penny's ass a short while ago into her mouth. Jane
lapped avidly at Penny's little pink ass pucker. John, who was
pulling his pud, shot a load into Jane's hair. When Penny was
satisfied with the ass tonguing Jane had just given her she said,
"Janey, I think your going to have to take care of my five guys."
Jane and Penny looked at the group that had previously finished
fucking Penny. Jane dazed from the things she had just done,
turned slightly and sucked Jose's cock into her mouth. The other
guys lined up for their blow jobs. John just sat there, his cock
in his hand and Jane's panties in his mouth. He knew she wouldn't
blow him, only his brother and his friends.

     Penny watched as Jose shot a load partly in Jane's face and
partly in her mouth. Jane then sucked Ted's cock into her mouth.
Penny started getting dressed. She put her tits back in her bra
cups and found her skirt and blouse. "Bye bye guys!" She said as
she left the house. As she closed the door, Ted just came and
Jane started to blow Tyrone. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





