BDSM Library - Taming the Teach




Taming the Teach
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: There was once this teacher, and wouldn't you know it, she was not only a prude, but very strict as well.  Everything was fine, until a former student puts her in her place.
Taming the Teach
(c)2001 by Couture
couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(Fd, F+F, M+F, humil)

(c)2001 by Couture


"This is just another example of why I hate being a 
teacher," Ms. Thompson said to herself, as she started 
her car and pulled out of her driveway. "Kids these 
days have no respect for authority as it is.  Now they 
are going to make me chaperone the Halloween party and 
require me to wear a stupid costume!"   She looked 
down at the costume she had picked out.  It was a 
nun's habit and she carried a teacher's pointer, 
completing the ensemble.  "This should be 
authoritarian enough to make sure the little devils 
continue to respect me!" she thought, as her mouth 
tightened and pinched together.  No one could have 
guessed that she was attempting to grin.

"Why do they have to have a Halloween dance anyway?  I 
know they want to keep the kids in a structured 
environment where they can't drink and drive, but this 
is supporting a pagan holiday.  That's the problem 
these days, they need to bring God back into the 
classes!"  Ms. Thompson had chosen her costume for the 
religious significance as well.  'It's a shame, the 
only day I could bring religion to school, is 
Halloween,' she thought, as she fingered her rosary 
beads.



Ms. Thompson's Corsica slowed and then pulled over to 
the side of the road after making a horrible sound.  

'Why tonight of all nights?' she thought, as she 
reached for her pocket book.  "Oh no! I was in such a 
hurry to get dressed in my costume, I forgot my pocket 
book!" she exclaimed, hitting the steering wheel.  She 
was afraid to get out of the car and walk, especially 
with it being Halloween, but there was not other 
option.  She did take the precaution and crossed to 
the other side of the road, so no one would try to 
pick her up.

A car slowed down, honking the horn as it drove by.   
"Need a ride!" they shouted, then burning rubber as 
they sped off.  "Well you're not gonna get nun!"
 
"Blasted kids!" she swore, as the car pulled away.  
"They could have at least not used a double negative."

A red convertible Mustang pulled next to the walking 
nun and a window slid down.  "Hey lady!  You need a 
ride?" a young red haired girl asked.

Ms. Thompson looked in the window at the other 
occupants.  They were all young girl, she saw with 
relief.  It was much further to school than she 
originally thought and her feet were beginning to 
hurt, so she decided to take a chance.  "Thank 
heavens!" she exclaimed.  "My car broke down and I 
forgot my cellular phone.  If you be so kind as to 
take me as far as Holybrook High School, I would be 
ever so grateful," she said as cheerfully as possible. 

"Sure lady, hop in!" she shouted out the window.  
"Tamika, get out and let the lady in the back seat.  
Show the old lady some manners," she asked the girl in 
the back seat.   

'I am not an *old* lady!  The nerve of that girl!' 
thought the teacher.
 
The back door opened and a young black girl got out of 
the car.  Ms. Thompson was taken aback by the black 
girl's clothes or rather her lack of clothes.  She was 
wearing what seemed to be the tiniest Catholic school 
uniform ever made.  It was so short that when she got 
out of the car, she flashed her tiny white panties to 
the older woman.  

'The clothes these kids wear today, it just isn't 
proper,' Ms. Thompson thought, as she got in the seat.  
She was startled when the black girl pushed her beside 
the blonde girl in the back seat and then got in next 
to her.  'What on earth is she doing that for?' 
worried Ms. Thompson, as she was sandwiched between 
the two girls.  'Why doesn't she sit in the front, 
where she was?' Not only did she think this was a 
little strange, but it was also peculiar that all the 
girls were dressed in the same costume.  Even if 
tonight was Halloween.  'Maybe, they are actually 
Catholic school girls,' she reasoned.  

The driver looked back at the hitch-hiker and then 
widened her eyes in shock.  "Ms. Thompson!  Is that 
you?" she exclaimed.  

"Err-yes," replied Ms. Thompson, while she tried to 
remember the girl's name.  She looked familiar, but 
she just couldn't place her, after only seeing her 
briefly.

"You failed me, if that helps," added the red-haired 
girl.

"Tina? Tina Anderson.  I've missed you at school this 
year, are you going to St. Mary's now?" Ms. Thompson 
asked.  To her dismay all the other girls in the car 
began laughing hysterically.  

The black girl put her arm around the flustered 
teacher, "Teach, you a trip!" she said as she 
playfully poked her index finger in the older woman's 
ribs.  Ms. Thompson's reaction was immediate, as she 
jumped away from the finger that goosed her and landed 
in the blonde's lap, who sat to her left.  

"Ugh, get off me lady, you're crushing me with that 
fat ass!" the petite blonde shouted.

"Sorry, b-but s-she," Ms. Thompson replied 
apologetically, as she looked over at the black girl, 
sitting so smugly with a *what who me* look, plastered 
on her face.  The older woman couldn't say that she 
was extremely ticklish; she knew how mean kids could 
be when they found a weakness.  Instead, she just 
sheepishly scooted back into the middle again, but 
Tamika did notice.

"No, I'm not a student Ms. Thompson, I just play one 
on TV.  Besides, you ended my school career for me 
with that F you gave me.  No chance of college for me, 
after that I'm afraid, so I just found a nice well 
paying job that I don't need your little diploma to 
get," Tina said in a superior tone.

"I'm sorry to hear that Tina.  You really should try 
to get your degree, and don't blame me, you were the 
one who didn't do your assignments." Ms. Thompson 
chided the girl.  It was a speech she had given time 
and time before.  

Tina put a cigarette in her mouth and lit it.  Smoke 
began to fill the car, much to the teacher's dismay.  
'What is that curious smell?' thought Ms. Thompson, 
smelling the spicy fumes that filled the air.  'Dear 
God!  She wouldn't have the nerve to smoke marijuana 
in front of a teacher, would she?'  The teacher 
coughed and waved her hand in front of her face.  
"Tina, I can't believe you have the gall to do drugs 
in front of a me!  Put that out, before I turn you 
girls in at your school!" she demanded, but to her 
consternation the girl just took another drag, 
ignoring her.  However, she began to grow exasperated, 
when the girls began laughing at her again.

"You know Ms. Thompson, you really shouldn't be such a 
fucking bitch, when you are at someone else's mercy," 
Tina said, as she began intentionally filling the car 
with her second hand smoke.  "Tamika, I don't think 
nuns are supposed to wear underwear.  Why don't you 
see if she's in a proper costume?"

"Cough-Wait, wait!" Ms. Thompson frantically, tried to 
fight off the black girl, but the blonde next to her 
grabbed one of her arms and Tamika began to tickle the 
stern older woman.  

She wasn't stern for much longer.  Ms. Thompson, began 
laughing hysterically and coughing, while she tried to 
squirm away.  Much to her dismay, the blonde now 
joined in the ticking.  "No please, please, I can't 
breathe!" she gasped, struggling weakly as her habit 
was pulled over her head.

"You're right Tina, this teach ain't a real nun!" said 
Tamika, laughing at the squirming older woman.  

Tina pulled the Mustang over and parked behind a 
closed drug store, not wanting to miss any of the 
action that was taking place.  "Damn!  Look at those 
granny panties on Ms. Thompson!" she laughed.  "Come 
on girls, if she's gonna dress as a nun, she should do 
it right!"  

All three girls descended on the hapless teacher like 
a flock of harpies.  The teacher struggled against the 
girls in a vain attempt to keep her dignity, however 
soon her habit was pulled over her head and arms, 
immobilizing her upper body.  

"Eeeee - eeeee, girls -- girls" the teachers screams 
were muffled by the thick fabric.  However, her 
actions were useless, since the girl's promptly 
stripped her of her undergarments.  She shivered, as 
she felt the cold air of the car, chilling her naked 
sex and breasts.

"Damn look at her bush Tina!  Judging by the amount of 
overgrowth, I would say the fields the fields beneath, 
haven't seen a plow in quite a long time!" Tina said, 
followed by more hysterical laughter from the girls.

"Maybe we should weed that garden?" Tamika said, as 
she began to pluck at the dense mat of curly hair.  
This elicited more squeals and squirming from the 
hapless older woman.  Ms. Thompson tried to catch her 
breath, but the hot wool of the nun's habit kept still 
captured her arms and head. She was beginning to feel 
quite cluster phobic, as she began to panic for 
breath.

"Okay girls, leave her alone for a second," Tina 
admonished her friends, until they stopped tormenting 
the teacher, but still held her firmly trapped in the 
fabric of her habit.

"You are not in class anymore teach, out here I'm in 
charge.  So if you want them to stop, I suggest you 
act like you have some manners!" scolded her former 
student.

Upon feeling the hands cease their tickling and 
pulling out her her pubic hair, the teacher stopped 
struggling, her sweaty breasts heaving as she tried to 
catch her breath.  She didn't even try to squirm away 
from the hands that were still placed on very personal 
places on her body, lest her torment resume.

"That's a good girl, now sit your ass up straight, 
like you have some education!  Didn't your mother ever 
teach you to mind?  Especially when you are taking 
advantage of other's hospitality?" Tina asked.

Ms. Thompson burned with humiliation, hearing her 
student fuss at her as if she were an ill-mannered 
child.  The teacher sat back up in the seat properly 
or at least as good as she could with her arms and 
head trapped in her habit.  She thought back to when 
she was a little girl and how her strict mother used 
to constantly correct her about how she sat, what she 
wore, and how she talked.  'What have I done?' she 
remembered in horror, the last time she had heard 
Tina's words.  Yes, she was fourteen and her mother 
had let her visit, with her cousin and aunt.  While 
they were eating lunch, her cousin was eating with her 
mouth open.  She had simply corrected her by telling 
her that animals eat with their mouths open.  After 
all, It was only what her mother had told her hundreds 
of times.  

However, she didn't expect everyone's angry reaction.  
Her silverware was taken and they expected her to eat 
with her fingers.  She stubbornly refused and waited 
patiently for her mother to arrive and straighten out 
these unmannered heathens.  She never expected her 
mother's reaction, when she flew into a rage after 
hearing what happened.  

She soon found herself with her bottom draped over her 
mother's lap, as her mother spanked her bare ass in 
front of her aunt and her cousin.  "Young lady, if you 
had manners you wouldn't take advantage of your 
Auntie's hospitality," her mother said as she 
continued to spank her until she cried in front of her 
younger cousin.  As if that wasn't humiliating enough 
for the misbehaved teenager, she was spanked until she 
finished the food she refused to eat. Since, her arms 
were trapped under her mother's leg, she had to depend 
upon her cousin to feed her.  Needless to say, the 
little brat too full advantage of her situation, by 
making Barbara eat out of her fingers.  She even 
*accidently* dropped some on the floor and made eat 
that too, laughing all the while that Barbara cried.  
Her relationship had never been the same with her 
cousin again.

 It was one of the worst experiences of Barbara's 
childhood and she didn't want to repeat the lesson 
again.

"So are you gonna behave little girl? " asked her 
former student.

"Yes," came Barbara's muffled reply.

"I can't hear you teach.  Spread your legs once for 
yes or keep them closed for no!" demanded the petulant 
redhead.

'If she would just turn the radio down, she could hear 
me dammit!' thought the older woman, but she spread 
legs hesitantly for her former student.  She felt the 
swollen lips to her sex, stick and then pull apart.  
'Dear God!  I'm wet!  I pray they don't notice,' she 
thought in dismay. 

"Ewwww . . . what's that smell?" Tamika asked, with 
revulsion.  
 
It was amazing any of the girls could smell at all 
since the car interior was hazy from the marijuana.  
Unbeknownst to Ms. Thompson, as the teenaged girls 
continued to pass the joint around, they would press 
their mouths against the older woman's habit, and 
exhale their spent smoke, turning the inside of the 
woolen prison into a large bong.   

"It smells like the fields are fertile, but the land 
just needs to be worked," said Tina with amusement, as 
she caught a whiff of the older woman's musky scent.
 
The teacher cringed inside, when she heard the 
question.  She prayed her pubic hair would cover the 
evidence of her arousal, but suddenly it seemed kind 
of funny and she began to giggle.   She noticed that 
she felt kind of fuzzy, in a good sort of way.  
Somewhere a part of her knew she should be humiliated 
that the girls could smell the arousal coming from her 
sex, but another part of her could only laugh at how 
hilarious it was that she was practically naked in 
front of three teenage girls.
 
"Okay teach, if you behave, we will take this nasty 
old costume off of you.   Hee, hee, you know what they 
say girl, old habits are hard to break." Tina said, 
which for some reason caused everyone including Ms. 
Thompson to laugh hysterically.

The habit was lifted off the prim and proper teacher, 
soon she found herself sitting totally nude in the 
back seat.

"Damn look at the size of the melons on the old bag!  
They are huge!" said Tammy, as her eyes widened in 
amazement at the size and firmness of the teacher's 
breasts.

Ms. Thompson, blushed at the complement and her 
nipples crinkled in hardness under the young girl's 
gaze.

"They gotta be big, to keep her from falling backward 
on that big ass!" laughed Tamika, pinching the 
teacher's womanly ass, causing the teacher to jump up 
and hit her head on the top of the car.

"Oh, my head!" said Ms Thompson, rubbing the knot that 
was forming on her head.  While she was occupied, she 
was shocked to find one of the girls was touching her 
sex!  "No, no, no," she said dumbly ,as she tried to 
pull the offending hand from her privates.  However, 
the black girl had a handful of her curly fur and 
wouldn't let go.

Tamika stroked the older woman's sex, eliciting a moan 
from the teacher.  "Damn, this old bag is leaking all 
over your seats, Tina.  You're gonna have a big ol' 
stain here tomorrow," she said with a smile.

"Damn you, you old horny bitch!" Tina shouted.  
"Girls, do something to keep her from ruining my 
seats.  As much as I hate to miss out on the fun, we 
have to get to that party." She said, starting the car 
and pulling off.

"My clothes!  My clothes!" Ms. Thompson pleaded, 
seeing the headlights of other cars.

"You better keep them cow-tits covered up teach, 
instead of trying to rub your puss" suggested Tina.

"I wasn't . . . "  Ms. Thompson said, covering her 
massive melons, trying to hide them behind her small 
hands.  Between the buzz and Tamika's questing hand, 
she was finding it very difficult to concentrate on 
what was going on, on what was happening to her.  "I 
was only trying to . . . "

"We know what you were trying to do," said Tammy, 
whispering her hot breath into the teacher's ear.  "It 
is real nice of you to try to keep from ruining Tina's 
seat, but we will do that for you since your hands 
seem to be occupied."  The young blonde's hand joined 
Tamika's dark-skinned one at the older woman's hairy 
sex.

"Tina, don't bogart that joint sister, pass it back!" 
Tamika yelled at Tina, who held the joint out between 
the two seats.  "Reach up there and get it for me 
teach, can't you see I got my hands full," the dark 
girl punctuated her words with a squeeze to the 
teacher's clit.

Hesitantly, Ms. Thompson let go of her right breast 
and took the pro-offered joint from Tina's hand.  

"Go on and put it in my mouth for me," encouraged 
Tamika, as Ms. Thompson's shaking hand placed the 
blunt between the dark girl's full lips.  She couldn't 
believe she had been reduced to enabling these girl's 
to smoke illegal drugs.  Tamika took a long toke on 
the joint and to the teacher's horror, placed her 
mouth on the teacher's and as the Ms. Thompson tried 
to insist the girl stop, she found her lungs filled 
full of the spicy smoke.  Her buzz intensified, as 
they passed the smoke back and forth between them.  To 
her dismay, she felt the girl exploring her mouth with 
her tongue, it felt real nice.  However, she didn't 
kiss back, but merely passively enjoyed the probing.

Tammy looked on with amazement as the teacher's 
eyelids half closed and relaxed under the dark girl's 
control.  

Tamika broke the kiss, leaving the teacher dazed and 
leaned back with her mouth still open. "Here Teach, 
let Tammy get a hit of that shit," she said, as she 
placed the joint between the teachers parted lips.  

Ms. Thompson obediently inhaled deeply, then turned 
and opened her mouth, as Tammy kissed her and the two 
passed the smoke back and forth.  The teacher was now 
moaning under the effects of the joint and the hands 
playing with her pussy.  'Damn, I'm seeing stars!' she 
thought as Tina snapped a picture of her sharing drugs 
and engaging in unnatural acts with two girls wearing 
Catholic uniforms.

The teacher had long since stopped caring about how 
immoral she was acting, she only knew that it felt 
delicious.  Ms. Thompson took another hit on the 
joint, when Tammy placed it in her mouth, then turned 
to share with Tamika again.  Tamika had other ideas 
however and teased the teacher, staying just out  
reach of her questing mouth.   The teacher's lungs 
ached for release, she stuck her tongue out and it 
danced with Tamika's.  She caught the dark girl's 
playful tongue between her lips and sucked it into her 
mouth, before exhaling into Tamika's mouth.  

"Ahhhh," the teacher moaned, as she felt one of the 
girls press her finger into the tight passage of her 
sex.  Tamika pulled her mouth away from Ms. Thompson's 
and the older woman opened her mouth so the cigarette 
could be placed back in it.  "Uck!" she gagged, when 
she tasted an unfamiliar taste on the wet finger.  To 
her horror, she realized it was the finger that had 
been placed in her sex.  

"Tina will be *real mad* if you make a mess on her 
back seat, so you are going to have to keep those 
nasty juices in check Teach!" Tamika said, laughing at 
the look of helpless dismay written on the teacher's 
face.

Tina looked on with disbelief.  She couldn't believe 
that they actually had gotten her former prissy 
teacher naked and acting like a slut in only a few 
minutes.  .

Yes indeed, Ms. Thompson had other things on her 
clouded mind right now.  Her legs were spread wide, 
and her feet rested on either side of the front seats 
of the car.  The girls on either side of her were 
openly frigging her hairy cunt, while the other 
masturbated herself underneath her school girl skirt, 
then they would switch off after having the teacher 
clean the slick juices from their fingers.  Ms. 
Thompson had long since given up on just whose juices 
she was trying to keep *in check*.  As the car 
traveled down the road, instead of shielding her large 
breasts, Ms. Thompson began to pinch and pull on her 
large nipples, enjoying the sensation. 

Finally, they had arrived at their destination and 
unnoticed to the teacher, the car had come to a stop.  
Ms. Thompson was leaning back in the seat with her 
eyes closed.  Her hips were thrusting against the dark 
fingers buried in her sex, while her pink tongue 
licked the fluids from the pale hand at her mouth.  

"Okay Teach, we are here now.  Dear God Ms. Thompson! 
I don't think you want everyone seeing you like that 
do you?" Tina feigned mock shock at her teacher's 
condition.

Suddenly, Ms. Thompson's blood-shot eyes flew open and 
shined like brake lights, as she clutched her breasts 
in her arms and leaned forward as far as she could.  
'No!  They can't see me like this,' she thought in 
horror.  She turned her head and looked up at the well 
lit house looming beside the car.  "Wait a minute, 
this isn't the high school," she stammered.

"Of course not silly," Tina patronized the shivering 
older woman. "This is the Kappa Phi house.  We have to 
make a quick pit-stop here first.  Come on girls, 
let's go!"

"Wait, what about me?  You can't just leave me here . 
. . like *this*!" she begged, as her shoulders 
unhunched just enough to allow Tina to see her large 
areoles, just in case the girl didn't realize that she 
was naked.

"Don't be stupid Teach, you are going in with us," she 
said as all the girls filed out of the car, leaving 
the doors open.

"Please, my costume, please!" the teacher pleaded, her 
body frantically rocking back and forth in urgency.

Tina took the robe out from behind her back, showing 
them to the harried woman.  "Don't worry about that, 
I've got it right here."

Ms. Thompson reached her hand out for the costume, yet 
the young girl pulled it away.  "Come on out here, 
I'll help put it on you."

"Come on, I'm not going to wait all day!" Tina tapped 
her foot impatiently.

After checking to make sure the coast was clear, Ms. 
Thompson rushed out of the car and huddled beside it.  
"Please, hurry," she urged the young girl, motioning 
her to come closer.

Slam! The older woman jumped, as she was startled by 
the sound of a car door closing.  To her horror, she 
realized it was her car door.

"Get down on your knees, so I can put this habit on 
you," ordered her former student.

The teacher got down on her knees, wincing in pain as 
the pavement dug into her skin, but happy to be hidden 
behind the car, safe from  curious eyes.  Her buzz had 
long faded, as she shivered and tried to shield her 
painfully constricted nipples in the cold October 
night.  She was dismayed by the fact that Tina didn't 
seem to be in a rush to help her dress.  "Please . . 
." she whimpered.

"You know, Ms. Thompson, we have one last matter to 
clear up.  I think you owe me an apology for the F, I 
received last year," the red haired girl said as she 
looked down her nose at humbled form of her teacher.

Ms. Thompson pleaded, "I'm sorry for failing you last 
year Tina-"

"*Ms. Tina*.  I'm *Ms*. Tina from now on." The red-
haired girl interrupted.  She pointed at her dark 
skinned friend, "and that is Ms. Tamika," Then she 
nodded at her blonde friend, "and finally Ms. Tammy." 
She looked down quizzically at the woman kneeling on 
the pavement.  "I don't think I've ever gotten your 
full name, Teach."

"Barbara- Barbara Ann Thompson.  Please T-I mean *Ms.* 
Tina, I'm sorry for failing you last year.  Please let 
me get dressed," begged the whining older woman.

"I'm not sure you mean it," Tina said critically.

"I'm begging you Ti- I mean Ms. Tina.  I mean it more 
than I've ever meant anything in my entire life!" 
sobbed the distraught teacher. 

The young teenager grinned evilly at the hapless 
woman.  "Then kiss my ass Barbara Ann!"

"What?!?" Ms. Thompson said with disbelief.

"You heard the lady," demanded Tamika, as she grabbed 
the older woman by her ear and began to spank her with 
each syllable.  "Kiss-Her-Ass-Barbara-Ann!"

Tina turned around and Ms. Thompson looked up at the 
cute upturned ass in front of her face.  Quickly, she 
leaned forward and planted a kiss on the girl's firm 
bottom. She burned inside with humiliation.

Tamika spanked her again.  "Does that look like an ass 
to you girl?  She said ass and you better kiss it!"

'Why me?' wondered the teacher, as she slowly raised 
the girl's skirt up and grimacing, kissed the thin 
panties covering the young toned bottom.

"Are you stupid girl?  Did your lips touch her ass 
Barbi? Well, did they?" chastised the dark-skinned 
girl, Tamika said, spanking the teacher harder.

'My name isn't Barbi," thought the teacher, humiliated 
by the young girl's abuse.  Gingerly, she slid her 
fingers up her former student's skirt.

"No!" Corrected Tamika.  "No hands."

The teacher was unable to get to the hem of the 
panties, so she was forced to bite the seat, just 
between the cheeks of Tina's bum.  Crying in shame, 
the older woman pulled the young girl's panties down 
to her knees.  'God, I can't believe I am actually 
doing this!' she thought, as she slid her head up 
Tina's skirt and kissed the smooth cheek of her ass.

She could smell the musky scent of Tina's arousal.  
'She's getting off on doing this.  She's getting off 
on humiliating me this way,' thought the horrified 
teacher.  What was worse, she could feel her own 
arousal, as her body began to respond to this 
treatment.  Tears welled up and she began to cry from 
the humiliation.  Tina could hear the older woman 
sobbing, while she kept her lips pressed to the cheek 
of her ass.

"Okay, I believe you are sorry now," said Tina, as 
pulled her panties back up, and rubbed her bottom 
against the teacher's face to wipe away the tears and 
running makeup. 

"I'm sorry, I really am," sobbed Barbara.  

Tina soothed the older woman.  "There, there, raise 
your arms up Barbi, so I can put your habit back on."

Barbara raised her arms over her head, just as she had 
done for her mother some 30 years before.  This caused 
her large breasts to swell and stick out most 
fetchingly.

"Wow, Barbi, you do have some humongous melons!" 
beamed Tina as she laughed at her former teacher.  
"Shake them for me!"

Keeping her arms raised, Barbara shook her shoulders, 
causing her large pendulous to sway from side to side.

"Those will be great later on!" Tina said with glee, 
as she placed the habit over Barbara's head.  Then 
much to Barbara's relief the robe followed, finally 
hiding her pale white nakedness.  

"Thank heavens," she sighed with relief.  'Wait, 
what's this?' she thought, feeling her arms strangely 
confined.  She looked down and it seemed the arms of 
the robe had somehow gotten tied together.

"Okay, let's go, we are running late," said Tina.  The 
two other girls left them, skipping up to the house, 
while Tina tugged the reluctant teacher behind her.

"Tina, I've really got to go.  You can just take me 
home.  I really don't want to go anywhere now," 
pleaded the teacher as she struggled to keep up with 
the redhead.  

"Don't worry Barbi, we won't be long," soothed Tina.  
She moved next to Barbara and whispered in her ear 
conspiratively, "I need you with me as a babysitter 
Barbi; Tamika and Tammy are stoned, so while I'm 
taking care of business upstairs, I'm leaving you in 
charge.  This is a big responsibility and I will be 
very-*very* disappointed if you fail me and let 
anything happen to those two little girls.  Do you 
understand Barbara Ann?"

"Yes, Tin-" Barbara shrinked away from Tina's piercing 
eyes.  "I mean, Ms. Tina," she hastily added.  

'I wish she wouldn't speak to me like I'm a child.  I 
watch thirty kids every period at school, I think I 
can handle two girls,' thought the older woman.

"Good!" said Tina, opening the massive door and 
pushing Barbi inside.

End Chapter 1




Taming the Teach II
(c)2001 by Couture
couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(Fd, F+F, M+F, humil)

(c)2001 by Couture


'God, what a crowd of drunks,' thought Barbara as she 
looked at all the college boys and girls standing 
around with little plastic cups of beer.   Tina went 
upstairs and Barbara began looking around for Tammy 
and Tamika.  Over the loud music, she heard the 
familiar college sounds of people chanting, "Drink-
Drink-Drink-Drink!"  

She walked towards the noise to see if it had 
attracted her two new friends.  She was looking for a 
bathroom, so she could fix the sleeves of her robe and 
have the use of her hands again.  Pushing her hands 
close together, she was able to bunch her sleeves up, 
so that no one would be able to tell they were tied 
together.  'Show no signs of weakness,' she said to 
herself, as she turned the corner to the kitchen, 
where they were still chanting, "Drink-Drink-Drink!"

'Oh no, they've got Tammy!' she thought, as she stared 
at the spectacle.  Those lecherous frat boys were 
holding the young blonde upside down over the keg, 
urging her to drink.  She hungrily sucked from the 
spout, beer leaking from her mouth, as she attempted 
to drink.  Her skirt had flipped down, exposing her 
tight white panties and all the young men were leering 
at the lean curves of her body.

"You put her down!  You put her down this instant!" 
cried Barbara, as she pushed her way into the crowded 
room.

"Awwwww," the crowd sighed with disappointment and the 
young girl was lowered.  

"Woo-hoo!" yelled the blonde girl, picking up two cups 
of beer and staggering over to Barbara.

"Here, Barbi, I got you some too!  It's free!" slurred 
Tammy as she pushed the cup at Barbara's lips. 

"I don't dr-" the distraught teacher tried to object, 
but the girl began to turn the cup up anyway.  To keep 
the beer from spilling down her robe, the Barbara 
opened her mouth and gulped the beer down.  Yuck! The 
beer tasted horrible.  Then to her dismay, Tammy began 
to feed her the other beer before she could object.

Finally, she finished the beer.  "Listen Tammy, I 
don't want you drinking anymore, okay?  Those  boys 
were looking up your dress when you were upside down," 
she lectured the young girl.

Tammy's half-lidded eyes opened and she smiled. "Okay, 
teach-I mean Ms. Thomp-"

"Hisss!" interrupted the teacher.  "Don't call me 
that!  You mustn't call me that here!"  She would lose 
her job if someone knew a teacher was cavorting around 
a frat party.

"Sure thing Barbi.  Is that Tamika over there?" Tammy 
asked.

Barbara looked over and was shocked to see Tamika 
sitting in the lap of one of the college boys, 
grinding against him in a very unladylike manner.  

She left Tammy and ran over to Tamika.  "Stop that 
Tamika!   Get off that boy, right now!" she demanded 
the dark-skinned girl.

Reluctantly, the young girl got off the young man's 
lap, picked up a beer and joined the teacher.  "I was 
only dancing.  It's okay to dance, isn't it Tea-" 

"Barbi, call me Barbi!" the teacher interjected, 
before the girl had a chance to give away her secret.  
"If you want to dance, dance with Tammy, a nice waltz 
or something," she said, while thinking 'That way I 
can keep my eye on you both!' 

Tamika put the beer up to Barbi's lips. "Hey Barbi, 
you want some beer?" she asked, turning the cup up, 
without giving the woman time to answer.

Barbara was already feeling light-headed, but it was 
too late now.  She gulped down the beer, as it was 
poured down her throat.  The teacher shook her head to 
try to clear the cobwebs.  When she opened her eyes 
again, she saw that somehow Tamika had gone underneath 
her tied-together arms and was hugging her tightly as 
she swayed her hips to the music.

"I love this song," said the ebony-skinned girl, as 
she began to grind herself against the teacher.  

"Wait, what are you doing?" hissed the teacher, 
looking down in horror, as Tamika pressed her head 
between Barbara's large bosoms.   Anyone who looked 
could see by the way her large breasts jutted out from 
her torso, that the nun wasn't wearing a bra.

"You said, you didn't want me to dance with that boy, 
so I'm dancing with you silly!" Tamaka replied 
innocently.

Barbara tried to breasts out from around Tamika's 
head. "Well, at least move your head," Barbara asked.

"Then dance with me Barbi!" the black girl said, as 
she began to dance between the older woman's arms.  

Barbara tried to keep up with the young girl.  She had 
never been much of a dancer anyway, but some of these 
new dances were positively scandalous.  Tamika, turned 
around and began to hump her hips back into the older 
woman's pelvis.  Barbara looked around in dismay, 
because it seemed every eye was watching the two of 
them dance.  The problem was, though appeared that 
Barbara was willingly hugging the young girl to her 
body, the teacher was truly the one trapped with her 
sleeves tied together.  Trapped on a dance floor, with 
everyone looking at the young school girl simulating 
sex on the dance floor; the teacher blushed in 
humiliation.

She felt someone tap on her shoulder.  It was Tammy.  
"You look hot Barbara, I brought you another beer!" 
she said, placing the cup to the older woman's lips, 
while Tamika ground her body against her and rubbed 
the teachers back and ass possessively.  

'What I could really use is some water!' the teacher 
thought, but gulped down the cold liquid gratefully.  
She prayed that the coming buzz would take away some 
of the humiliation that she felt.  "Why don' you girls 
dansh togedder!  I'm tired, so tired," the teacher 
slurred, wobbling on her feet.

Tammy helped Tamika slip out from under the teachers 
bound arms, as she said, "That's a good idea Bambi, 
the DJ is getting ready to play our song anyway!"

Barbara, thankful for the much needed break, staggered 
over to an empty seat and fell down in it.  She 
watched with curiosity as the dance floor cleared 
around the two girls and a fast paced song began to 
play.

Oh baby, baby 
How was I supposed to know 
That something wasn't right here 
Oh baby, baby

'They are really good, they must have practiced this 
together,' the teacher thought as the girls strutted 
forward simultaneously, then posed with their legs 
slightly spread.  Barbara thought it was a tiny bit 
risqu�, but she had seen much worse at some of the 
dances she had chaperoned.  Then the girls turned 
around and leaned forward with their legs spread, 
showing every set of leering eyes, their tiny white 
panties!  'Oh no!' she thought in horror as she 
watched them strut with their back facing the 
audience, unbuttoning their tight sweaters, as they 
strutted.

I shouldn't have let you go 
And now you're out of sight, yeah 
Show me how want it to be 
Tell me baby 'cause I need to know now, oh because

"Stop girls!  Shtop!' the drunken teacher cried, when 
the two girls turned around and threw their sweaters 
into the crowded house.  Barbara tried to stand up, 
but it was too difficult without the use of her arms.  
She fell onto the floor and tried to crawl over to the 
dance floor.  

My loneliness is killing me 
I must confess I still believe 
When I'm not with you I lose my mind 
Give me a sign 
Hit me baby one more time

A cheer went up in the crowd and the teacher dreaded 
what it could have been for, but as she crawled she 
noticed one of the tiny skirts the girls were wearing.  
'Dear God, Tina is going to kill me!' she thought in 
horror.  

Oh baby, baby 
The reason I breathe is you 
Boy you got me blinded 
Oh pretty baby

Barbara finally was able to get to her feet, but she 
couldn't even see the girls anymore through the mob of 
frat boys.  They were cheering and shouting, but they 
wouldn't move out of her way to let her rescue her two 
charges.  She looked back helplessly to and saw the 
figure of a woman wearing a white robe and carrying a 
teacher's pointer, striding forward.  'Thank God, 
maybe she can help me rescue the girls!' she thought.  
However, as the figure neared, she recognized it was 
Tina and she looked very angry.  It wasn't a nun's 
habit she was wearing, but carefully groomed white 
sheets, that resembled her own costume.  

"Sister Barbi, I thought I told you to keep the girls 
out of trouble!" she shouted loud enough for the crowd 
to watch this new action that was developing.

"Barbara tried to reason with the angry teen, "I'm 
shorry, Ms. T-"

Tina grabbed the drunken woman's ear pulling her to 
her hands and knees, in front of the crowd.  "My name 
is Mother Superior bitch and do you know what happens 
when you disobey Mother Superior?" Tina said, patting 
the kneeling woman's ass with her pointer.

There's nothing that I wouldn't do 
It's not the way I planned it 
Show me how you want it to be 
Tell me baby 'cause I need to know now, oh because  

Tears began to flow down the older woman's cheeks, "I 
get a spanking," she sobbed.

Horrified by the unfolding events, the teacher 
obediently let the young teen pull her robe up and 
expose her naked body to the crowd.  She hung he head 
in shame, as she listened to the crowd criticize her 
flabby ass, untrimmed bush, and large tits.

"Count 'em out and thank Mother Superior for each 
lick!" the teen said, as her eyes beamed evilly.  

My loneliness is killing me 
I must confess I still believe 
When I'm not with you I lose my mind 

Thwak!

"One . . . Thank you Mother Superior!"

Give me a sign 
Hit me baby one more time

Thwak!

"Ouch!  Two . . .Thank you Mother Superior!"

The alcohol might have deadened the blows somewhat, 
but two red puffy welts crisscrossed the teacher's 
burning ass. 

Thwak!

"Owweee! Three!  Thank you Mother Superior!" the 
teacher sobbed, her flabby ass quaking from the blow.    
 
 Thwak!

The teacher lurched forward to escape the blow.  She 
yearned to rub her hands on her bottom to sooth the 
burning stripes, but her arms were still captured by 
the habit.  "Please Mother, please . . . no more . . . 
please," she begged.

"Don't beg me!  Ask them, if they want me to stop!" 
Tina said, gesturing out to the crowd.

The humiliated teacher looked at the lustful eyes that 
leered at her.  "Please, it hurts," she pleaded.

"Whup her ass!" someone shouted and everyone cheered.

Thwak!  Thwak!

This was unlike any spanking she had received as a 
child.  She no longer cared about the humiliation, 
just alleviating the burning of her ass.  "Please, 
please, anything else," she groveled.  

There was a silence in the crowd, until someone said 
softly, "Shave her hairy cunt."  Then it was taken up 
by the crowd as they shouted, "Shave her hairy cunt!  
Shave her hairy cunt!"  A young man ran over to Tina, 
handing her scissors, razor, and shaving cream.

'This can't be happening to me!' thought the 
humiliated teacher, as she buried her face into her 
costume that was bunched up around her arms and sobbed 
uncontrollably.

Tina ran the tip of the pointer around the teacher's 
hairy sex.  "What will it be Sister Barbi, the shaving 
or the spanking?" she asked wryly.

The teacher was mortified, being made to choose 
between the caning and the shaving.  There wasn't a 
choice, the young girl just wanted to make her say it.  
To ask for it in front of all these people, who 
thought she was a willing participant in some sick 
demented act.  "The shaving," she muttered.

"I didn't hear you sister, what did you want me to 
shave?" Tina asked with mock sincerity.

Barbara watched the tears fall from her eyes and 
splatter on the floor.  "Shave me . . . shave my hairy 
cunt!" she sobbed.

In shocked silence, the teacher allowed Tina to spread 
her legs and tried to keep still, as she heard the 
snip snip of the scissors.  She was horrified that 
even in this humiliating situation, she could feel her 
sex begin to respond.  She could only imagine what a 
sick twisted picture she must make as her lips plumped 
up and her little nubbin peaked out of its hood in 
front of the crowd.

She was relieved when she finally felt the shaving 
cream being applied.  She groaned as Tina's hand 
touched her sensitive clit.  'God that feels good!' 
she thought as she felt the razor, shave away her 
womanhood.  She knew she was being bared, before these 
young college students, like she had been bared for no 
other.  'Tina is certainly a thorough girl.' She 
thought, as Tina even shaved off the little curly 
hairs around her little brownie.  'Why wasn't she this 
thorough when she was in my class?'

The teacher heard the squishing shlurping sounds of 
what sounded like sex.  She peeked out and stared at 
the perverted spectacle as she watched Tamika and 
Tammy performing oral favors for the college students.  
Entranced, she watched the girls sucking cock with 
enthusiasm.  'Dear me, they appear to be enjoying it!  
I had always thought it would be disgusting, but 
watching them lick and suck those hard cocks, is 
driving me crazy!' The teacher moaned and her hips 
involuntarily began to hump, while Tina finished 
cleaning her up.   

Tina saw the teacher staring, leaned forward and 
whispered in her ear, "You're jealous of them aren't 
you, Barbi?  Look at their hungry mouths and look how 
much those sexy guys love it!  Don't you wish that was 
you sucking those hard cocks, Teach?"

The school teacher blushed in humiliation, because she 
wanted to do just that.  To suck those hard cocks to 
make up for all the fun she had missed out on in life.  
To get even with all the people, including her ex-
husband that thought she was a sexless frigid woman. 
No, she blushed now, because of something quite 
different.  Tears sprang anew from the older woman's 
eyes as she muttered, "I-I I don't know h-how." 

Tina smiled and pulled the robe off the kneeling 
woman, but left her head dress on.  "Don't worry, it's 
easy . . . I'll talk you through it," she soothed the 
older woman, as she wiped the tears from her eyes.  
"Who wants some of Sister Barbi?  She hasn't had a man 
in a long-long time," she said to the gathered crowd. 

'How can she know how long it's been,' thought the 
mortified teacher, 'and now she's told everyone here 
I'm nothing but a frigid woman.'

A young man hesitated, then came forward and handed 
Tina several bills, before sitting down in a nearby 
chair.  Tina led her former teacher between the boy's 
legs then began instructing the obedient woman, "First 
undo his pants and then take his cock out.  That's 
good precious.  Now, gently stroke it and massage his 
balls too.  It's a beautiful cock isn't it Barbi?  
Look how hard you've made him.   Now, take those big 
melons of yours and squeeze them around his dick and 
rub them up and down it."

Barbara hesitated a little at that command.  She 
didn't think she was ready to act like that much of a 
slut in front of all these people.  However, Tina 
began to stroke her denuded sex.  "My fingers feel 
good against your smooth cunt don't they Barbi?  Yes, 
I can see by the way you are humping my hand that you 
like it slut.  Well, think about how good those smooth 
melons will feel against his hard cock.  Go on, do 
it!" Tina demanded.

Barbi took her large breasts and sandwiched the young 
man's hard cock between them and rubbed them up and 
down the length of his shaft.  

"Spit between them, so it will feel like he's fucking 
a pussy," Tina said.  

Barbi blushed again, but obediently spit between her 
two orbs as properly as she could.  


"No, like this!" instructed Tina, as she leaned over 
stuck out her tongue and let a large strand of saliva 
drip down between Barbi's tits.  Then she wiggled her 
tongue in a circle until the saliva fell free.  "Now 
do it again." 

Barbi imitated Tina and lubricated the shaft between 
her large breasts.  Soon the two mammaries were 
covered by a slick sheen of sweat, saliva and pre-cum, 
as she pumped them up and down the entrapped cock.  
"Now suck on the head of it on the downstroke," Tina 
suggested.

Barbi sucked on the bulbous head of the organ between 
her tits, she glowed with pride as the young man began 
to moan and thrust.  

"You're doing fabulous baby," Tina commended her eager 
pupil.  "Now take it into your mouth as far as you 
can."

Barbi sucked on the hard cock until it hit the back of 
her throat.  She felt Tina's hand at the back of  her 
head, as the young girl whispered in her ear, "Come on 
slut, take it all the way in.   You can do it Barbi.  
You know you want to, my little cocksucker.  Just 
relax for me, that's all.  It won't hurt you, I 
promise." 

The older woman relaxed her throat and stopped pushing 
back against Tina's hand.  Tina pushed her down 
slowly, until her lips were pressed against his pubic 
bone.  "That's my sexy girl, I'm so proud of you 
Barbi.  When we leave, I'm going to fuck your smooth 
cunt with a big fat dildo.  I'm going to make you my 
bitch tonight.  It makes me so hot, how eager to 
please my baby girl is.  Do you know how wet you've 
made Ms. Tina's pussy?"  Tina continued to stroke and 
tease Barbara's sex until the woman thought she would 
go crazy from her desire.

'It can't be anywhere near as wet as mine,' thought 
Barbara as she felt her sweet nectar running down her 
legs.  Her mind was filled with images of being fucked 
by the young girl and almost orgasmed from the thought 
alone.

Tina looked on with amusement, as the college boy 
began to flush and wrinkle his face up comically.  
"He's getting ready to cum for you now Barbi, can you 
feel it twitching?  Just let him do it where he wants 
to, but if he does it in your mouth, be sure to 
swallow like a good girl.  When he begins to squirt, 
squeeze and release his balls, so you get a full load 
. . . okay?"  

The young man grabbed the back of the teacher's head, 
as he began thrusting.  'Looks like this one's going 
to cum down her throat,' thought Tina, as she watched 
her former teacher's eyes widen in shock and her 
throat swallowing repeatedly as she sought to 
accommodate the load of cum he deposited.  "Mmmm, do 
you know how sexy you look, Barbi?  You make me want 
to fuck you right here, do you realize that?  Ewww . . 
. look at the mess you've made Barbi, get his cock 
nice and clean again." Tina said, while Barbara began 
to lick the stray milky droplets from the young man's 
cock.  "That's my little cocksucker, put a real spit 
shine on it.  Okay, now let him get up, it's time for 
your next customer."

'Next *customer*?  Oh God, what am I doing?  What have 
I become?' thought the horrified teacher as another 
college boy handed Tina some money, then sat down in 
the vacated chair.   

Tina ran her hands over the teacher's naked body 
possessively, watching as her resistance faded.  "You 
should know how to do it by yourself now, my little 
cocksucker.  You're on your own, so consider this your 
oral examination!" the young redhead laughed.  "But 
don't you dare touch your shaved cunt, that is mine 
tonight!"  Tina looked on with glee, as her former 
teacher pulled out the boy's cock and began stroke it 
as she had been taught.  "Now, don't you go anywhere 
Barbi, I've got to check on my other girls," Tina 
laughed, as she got up to check on Tammy and Tamika.  
. 

Tina began to collect money from the guys that were in 
line for Tammy and Tamika's chair.  This was turning 
out to be a good night, as she had collected almost 
two grand so far.  She was sure she could have gotten 
more with the spanking and shaving performance, but 
since it wasn't planned, the only thing she would get, 
was extra publicity.  Usually, they just did the 
Brittany Spears school girl routine, but when she 
picked up her teacher and Ms. Thompson was dressed up 
as a nun of all things, she knew it would be great in 
the act.

She looked back over at her former teacher.  Yes, 
Barbi was really getting into it now.  She had another 
cock between her large tits and was sucking it off at 
the same time.  Her face was now covered with semen as 
she eagerly engorged on the fat dick.  

Tina looked at the line that was forming for Barbi's 
chair in amazement.  She knew having the nun for the 
strip show would be popular at the party and she 
couldn't pass up the chance to get even with the 
teacher that failed her, but this had exceeded all her 
expectations.  Tina smiled as she watched a few of the 
boys in Tammy's line move over to Barbi's. 'Ha, Ha, I 
never would have guessed, not in a million years, that 
Ms. Prim-and-Proper Thompson would be such a hit with 
the clientele.' 




Taming the Teach III
by Couture
Email:  couture_writes@hotmail.com
 
Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(Fd, FF, M+F)

(c)2001 by Couture

And suck them off the teacher did.  Big cocks, small 
cocks, thick cocks and long cocks, she sucked them all 
tonight.  She had long since lost count of all the 
cocks she had sucked.  Barbara, didn't remember all of 
the finer points that happened after that.  She did 
remember that she had been a whore and according to 
the girls, a good one.  Then they had dropped the 
other two girls off.

After that, she had somehow ended up, not her house, 
but Tina's. Then she remembered the shower she took 
with the young girl and the way Tina had pampered her.  
"Just stand there and enjoy it, my precious. Let Miss 
Tina take care her sweet baby now," she said, while 
she washed the remnants of the party from the 
teacher's body. 

The older woman reveled in the pampering.  She soaked 
up the sights of the lean young body that casually 
rubbed against hers, while Tina lathered her with 
soap.  Barbara was entranced by the her former 
student's body, her high set breasts, the smatterings 
of freckles, the contrast of her pink nipples to her 
pale skin, and the soft curve of her hips.  

"Your face is positively glowing tonight," Tina said 
as she tilter her teacher's flushed face up, while 
exploring the soft folds of the older woman's sex with 
her other hand.  "I'll see to it that you get plenty 
of your special cream to put on it from now on.  You'd 
like that, wouldn't you precious," she said, as she 
plunged her index finger deep into her teacher's cunt.

Barbara's legs weakened, sending her to her knees in 
front of the precocious girl.  She watched the water 
run in rivulets down the red-head's stomach into the 
bright red hair of her sex.  'Why am I so helpless 
with this girl?  What is happening to me?' she 
thought, as she tried to stand back up.

However, Tina put a hand on Barbi's head, holding her 
down.  "Just stay there baby, while I wash your hair," 
she said.

The teacher knelt before the girl then felt the cold 
liquid as it was poured onto her scalp.  She loved the 
feel of Tina's gentle fingers, massaging the rich 
lather in her hair.  Barbi stared at the young girl's 
sex, looking beneath the wet red pubes at the slightly 
parted lips of the sex beneath.  She knew it was 
wrong, but she couldn't resist the temptation and 
leaned forward to kiss the blossomed petals of her 
flower.  

Tina pushed her head away. "Be patient baby, you can 
only look for now," she said, before parting the pink 
lips of her labia, drawing a gasp from her frustrated 
teacher.  "There, now you can see what you will get, 
if you are a good girl." Tina said as she rinsed the 
older woman off.

Then the young girl turned off the water and dried 
Barbara and caressed her body with scented oils.  Ms. 
Thompson tried to kiss her former student, but Tina 
pulled back.  "Do you want to please me, my precious?" 
she asked. 

"Yes," Barbara croaked.

"Then just look and no touch," the young girl 
admonished.  

The young girl led the older woman into the bedroom.  
"Get up on the bed on your hands and knees.  No, face 
away from me," she said.

'What a sight I must look like to her.  A lecherous 
old lady on her hands and knees, showing her swollen 
bare cunt off to a teenager," she thought, blushing 
from her exhibitionism.   

Tina walked to the head of the bed and then reached 
down and picked up a cord with a Velcro band attached 
to the end.  The teacher stared with open mouthed 
curiosity, as the young girl pulled the Velcro apart 
with a rip.

"Put your wrist inside, precious," she said as she 
placed the open cuff near the teachers arm.

Barbara trembled as her mind tried to come to terms 
with her conflicting emotions.  Part of her was scared 
and she had no idea what this precocious young girl 
had planned, but part of her only wanted the pleasure 
to continue.  She looked in Tina's eyes and saw 
nothing but kindness, then looked back down at the 
cuff.  A nursery rhyme started to go through her head.  
'Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall,' she thought, as she 
placed her wrist in the cuff then Tina sealed it 
around her wrist.  Soon her limps were stretched out 
to the four corners of the bed.

The older woman was afraid, yet at the same time, very 
turned on by her helplessness.  She could feel her 
juices cooling as they ran down her thighs.  Suddenly, 
she realized she didn't know where Tina was.  "Tina-
Tina, don't leave me!  I'm scared!" she cried, 
struggling against her bonds.

"Don't worry baby, I just had to get a few things," 
Tina soothed the frightened woman, as she came back to 
the bed and deposited several items on the nightstand.  
"You and I are going to have so much fun tonight."

Barbi stared at the items with apprehension.  The 
purpose of some of the items could be discerned easily 
by their shape, while others could not.  But it was 
clear these were forbidden things, things that 
perverted people used for sex -- things that were 
going to be used on her tonight.  

'Humpty Dumpty had a great fall," she thought wryly.  

Tina began playing with Barbara's breasts, pulling and 
teasing her large nipples until they grew plump and 
hard.  "Oh my precious baby, did you know that when I 
first saw your big beautiful breasts, I knew at that 
very moment, they were destined for the clamp."

Tina picked up a weighted nipple clamp and showed its 
operation to the wide-eyes of her frightened teacher.  
"You've never worn one of these before, have you 
precious?" she asked.

The teacher shook her head no and blushed as she 
looked down.

Tina pinched the end of Barbara's nipple and pulled it 
way from her chest, "Don't be frightened baby, you 
were made for this," she said, as she attached the 
clip to the breast and let it go.  The teacher gasped 
loudly as the weight bounced below.  Tina played with 
the weight, watching her teacher grow aroused from the 
stimulation.  "Ask your Mistress, if she will clamp 
the other breast because it is lonely."

'Mistress?  Dear God, what have I gotten myself into 
and why do I feel the need to have the same pleasure 
and pain from my other nipple?'  Barbara thought, 
before blushing and asking the young girl, "Please 
Mistress Tina, my other nipple is lonely.  Please 
clamp it."

Tina brought the other clamp to her teacher lips.  
"Kiss it," she said.  Barbara gave a light peck to the 
weight and then Tina clamped it on her other breast.  

Tina climbed on the bed and facing the wall, she 
grabbed the headboard and turned her ass up so that 
her sex was exposed to her teacher.  "It's time for 
you to please me, Barbi," she said.

Barbara was in heaven.  She finally had a chance to 
touch and to taste this young girl, who she had 
somehow come to fall in love with, in only one night.  
The teacher began to give soft pecks of affection on 
the cheeks of her bottom and the inside of her thighs.  

"I don't want that mushy prim and proper stuff Barbi, 
I want it with feeling," Tina said, as she stood up.

'Oh no!  What's going on?' she thought, as Tina got 
down off the bed.  "Wait, please - don't go!  Please, 
whatever I did wrong, I'm sorry.  Just don't go!" she 
begged the young girl as tears fell down her 
frightened cheeks.  She struggled uselessly at her 
bonds.  "Just one more chance, you won't be sorry.  
Please," she whined. 

Tina stroked the distraught woman's wet hair, to sooth 
her.  She picked up a small paddle and held it to the 
teacher's lips.  Barbi eagerly rained kisses on the 
paddle, 'Anything, just don't leave,' she thought.

The young girl began to spank the older woman's ass to 
a bright shade of pink.  Tina watched her teacher with 
delight, as the woman struggled to be quite and still, 
while the weights swung wildly on her nipples and her 
ass rippled under the blows of the paddle.  

Barbi tried to be good, she tried to take the blows 
like a woman, but soon the pain grew too much.  She 
began to cry and to bawl, begging her mistress to 
stop, just as she had begged her mother when she was a 
child.

Tina stopped paddling the teacher and softly caressed 
the hot cheeks of her bottom, until the older woman's 
sniveling slowed.  Then she picked up the paddle again 
and began to lightly tap her upturned cheeks with 
rapid blows.  Not enough to hurt yet, but soon the 
soft blows would build up to a fevered pitch.  
"Precious, I know you love me, but that's not why you 
are here.  I want you to think of the naughty little 
girl-whore that sucked on all those cocks tonight with 
such eager abandon, spitting, swallowing, drinking 
every last one of them, and loving every minute of it.  
*That* is who I want to be with tonight, not the 
frigid fraud of a teacher, I put up with for a year."

The strength and the tempo of the paddle picked up.  
The helpless teacher tried to move her ass so that the 
blows wouldn't fall on the same spot, but it soon 
became unbearable on any part of her bottom.

"So what are you precious?  Hmmm?  Are you my teacher 
or my whore?" Tina demanded.

"are you a TEACHER!" she said, slamming the paddle 
down with a force.

"or are you my w-h-o-r-e . . ." she breathed, as she 
teased Barbara's pussy with the edge of the paddle.

Barbara had spent her whole life trying hard not to be 
the very thing Tina wanted her to be, yet in just one 
night and by just one girl, Barbara knew her destiny.  
"I'm your whore!  Please let me eat your pussy!  Let 
me taste your cunt!  Please Mistress!" cried the 
teacher.

Tina put down the paddle and straddled the bed in 
front of the older woman again.  Barbi didn't even 
wait for the girl to get into position, before she 
began kissing and sucking the young girl's feet, 
thighs, or whatever else was convenient.

The teacher's tongue was a blur as it explored every 
inch of her Mistress's sex.  She stuck her tongue out 
and began to piston her head, so that she fucked the 
young girl with her tongue.  Barbara even spat in the 
red-head's crack and proceeded to kiss her tiny 
puckered ring, before sticking her tongue in her 
little brownie.

"Ahhh . . ." Tina moaned loudly.  "You're a nasty 
little girl, aren't you precious?" she asked, as she 
forced her ass back into her teacher's face.  "Mmmmm . 
. . stick that sweet tongue in my ass baby!"

Barbara tongued the young girl's nether region and 
then she began to flick her tongue over her clit, 
while she sucked at her pussy with her nose.  She 
could feel the red-head begin to twitch and spasm as 
her orgasm approached. 

"Oh!  You fucking slut, you're gonna make me cum!  Oh!  
Eat my pussy bitch!  Oh, oh, fuck me bitch! I'm 
cumming!" the young girl cried.  

Barbara, continued to gently lick the girl until she 
was sated.  Then, Tina got up off the bed and began to 
attach a strap on dildo to her crotch.   "Oh precious, 
you are going to love this.  I know you aren't a 
virgin anymore," she said, as she poked a pinky finger 
into her teacher's little brownie. "Well, you may be 
in some places, but you are going to feel like my 
little virgie tonight.  This plow doesn't get soft, it 
doesn't prematurely ejaculate, and it doesn't yield.  
I'm going to fuck you into submission, precious," she 
said as she got on the bed, facing her teacher.

Ms. Thompson immediately opened her mouth and began to 
suck on the flesh colored cock that poked obscenely 
from the young girl's hips.  Even though she knew Tina 
couldn't feel her lips and tongue, she wanted the 
young girl to know that she was getting a better blow 
job than any of the college boys did that night.    
Barbara choked slightly when she felt it slip into her 
throat, but eventually she felt her lips press against 
the base of the dildo.  

"Oh baby, do you know how jealous I was tonight, 
watching you suck all those big hard cocks?  God, you 
were so fucking sexy, you almost made me cream in my 
panties," she said as she began to thrust the dildo in 
and out her teacher's mouth, while the poor woman 
wheezed for air.  "I knew right then, that I had to 
get my precious home for her to suck *my* cock!"

Tina pulled the cock out of the teacher's mouth and 
got off the bed.  She walked to the door of the 
bedroom, with the cock bobbing with every step.  She 
stood at the door, before turning back to ask, "Are 
you sure you want it precious?  Maybe we should just 
finish this later . . . hmmm?"

 "Mistress Tina, please-please fuck me!  Fuck my hot 
pussy, fuck it as hard as you can!" the teacher 
begged.

Tina walked behind her teacher, just out of sight, 
stroking the dildo jutting from her crotch, admiring 
the view.  'I don't know what it is about her that 
makes her so attractive.  She's got a nice plump 
bottom and large full breasts, but she's starting to 
sag a bit and she has a few rolls where there 
shouldn't be any.  Physically, Tammy or Tamika are 
more attractive than she is.  Still, there is 
something about her though.  Maybe it's her eagerness 
to please and vulnerability that makes her so damned 
attractive,' Tina thought, as she climbed onto the bed 
and positioned herself behind her former teacher.

"Do you want it baby?  Do you want my hard cock?" Tina 
asked, running the large flesh-colored cock around the 
opening of her teacher's sex.

"Yes Mistress . . .  please . . . fuck me, fill me!" 
cried the teacher, pushing back her hips, trying to 
capture the dildo.

The young red head continued to tease the teacher, by 
rubbing the cock up and down her dripping slit.  "The 
fire doesn't command the tender to feed it the log.  
It is the duty of the fire to dance and burn, to 
entice the tender to stoke and stir the flames."  She 
watched with delight as her former teacher groaned in 
frustration and her bound limbs strained helplessly 
against her chains, but in the midst of all this . . . 
the older woman began to dance.  

The pure sexual intensity of the pleasure and 
frustration had overwhelmed poor Barbara's mind.  She 
gave up her humanity to become something much more 
elemental.  Mere chains couldn't hold fire and neither 
could they control her passion.  Barbi's mouth opened 
and kissed a lover that wasn't there.  Her toes curled 
as her legs spread incredibly wide for thighs that 
were not between them.  Her hips rolled and her back 
arched marching with the thrusts of an unseen lover.  
"Oh Mistress, that feels so good.  Oh Fuck - Oh Fuck!  
Fuck my cunt harder.  Ugh - Bite my tits!  Make your 
whore scream Mistress!" the older woman cried as the 
weights swung wildly on her breasts.

It was Tina's turn to stare in shock.  Ms. Thompson 
looked like she was getting ready to cum and Tina 
wasn't even touching her.  It would be interesting to 
see if Barbi could cum without being touched, but 
there was no way Tina was going to be left out and she 
drove the strap-on into her teacher in one stroke.

Poor Barbara felt as if she were losing her virginity 
again.  It had been years since her velvet glove had 
last held a cock and never one as big as this.  Her 
couplings in the past had never prepared her for this 
- for fucking.  

Tina was giving her the fucking of her life.  She 
pulled her cock all the way out of the teacher's cunt, 
before lining it up and thrusting it back into her 
with one smooth long stroke.  In and out she fucked 
her, drawing a moan as she drove it in and a pitiful 
whine each time it was removed.  Tina stood up on her 
feet, yet squatted down, placing her body over-top of 
her former teacher's, yet the cock remaining firmly 
inside.  "I'm going to take an orgasm out of your 
cunt," Tina told Barbara, as she placed her hands on 
her shoulders and forced her upper body down, with her 
ass remaining raised in the air.  "Is that what you 
want whore?"

"Oh yes, Fuck me!  Fuck me!  Make me cum!" Barbara 
moaned into the pillow.

Tina pushed down harder on Barbara's shoulders and 
began to pummel her from above, banging the head of 
the dildo against the teacher's cervix.  It wasn't 
making love, instead Tina was taking ownership of the 
older woman's cunt.

"Give it to me!  Give it up to me!" Tina demanded, 
pulling her teacher's head back by her hair.

With her arms and legs tied to the corners of the bed, 
her ass held high in the air, her torso pushed down, 
her head pulled back, and a cock thrusting into her 
cunt, Barbara understood submission.  The very 
arrangement of her body demanded it.  She realized 
that Tina owned her body and she demanded an orgasm 
from her cunt.  She wasn't surprised when she felt her 
cunt obey the young girl's commands.

Tears flowed freely from Barbara's eyes as she felt 
her body begin to warm pleasure.  The warm glow 
deepened and flowed to her cunt and then with a spasm 
she began to cum.  "I-love-you-mistress," she grunted 
with every thrust, as her cunt swelled in orgasm and 
then gave itself to Tina.
   
To be continued in School Daze. . . 

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





