BDSM Library - Hi, It's Jamie




Hi, It's Jamie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jamie wanted to "earn" some money and, in return, she had to be a sex slave and do whatever she was told. The whole story was written in the conversations between Jamie and her mister.
Hi, It's Jamie by Scooby One

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Authorï¿½s Note: This story is based on some true events that have happened to me,
although considerably exaggerated, of course. Though I've changed their names,
Jamie and her family are real, and many of the events described by her in this
story actually happened, according to her, that his. The speech patterns she
uses in real life are very much like what I've written in this story.

A word about Jamie's speech patterns. I've always had a problem with young girls
in X-rated stories who talk as if they were English majors in college, using
phrases like "He proceeded to..." or "...my lithe, young torso..." What teenage
girl uses language like that? None that I've ever met. So, while it might be
difficult to follow at times, I tried to phonetically duplicate the speech
patterns of a young teenage girl or an older girl who, like Jamie, tends to
speak "younger" when she gets excited. I'd welcome any thoughts on how well I
did. I've always loved the "Fantasia" stories by Viddler. Her masterful use of
conversation as a vehicle to show us her fantasies has always intrigued me, thus
my humble attempt to emulate her style.

Feedback is welcome. scoobyone@socal.rr.com

********************************




Hi, It's Jamie
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part One

"Hello?"

"Hi. It's Jamie."

"Well, well. Haven't heard from you in a while."

"I know. I'm not calling too late am I?"

"Nine o'clock? No way. Whatsup?"

"Well, um... I'm kinda in a bind. I need $300 by the first of the month or I'm
gonna get evicted. 'n I don't have it. I'm not working now 'n I'm fucking broke.
D'ya think I could, like, borrow it from you guys?"

"Whoa, that's a lot of money. What about your mom?"

"No way. Since Bud died she hasn't even wanted to speak to me. She'd laugh in my
face if I asked her. I tried all my friends, 'n they're mostly broke too. You're
pretty much my last hope."

"Well, shit, Jamie. There's no way Caitlyn would go for a loan like that. First,
you're only 19 and hardly "settled down." Plus, you just said you didn't have a
job, and, well, to tell you the truth, she's been kinda pissed at you after the
way you got me going that night and then walked out on me."

"Yeah I know. Look, I'm really sorry about that. I was all screwed up back then.
Plus the idea of just lying there 'n letting you do it to me, y'know, make me
naked 'n fuck me 'n stuff, right there on the living room carpet while your
girlfriend was sleeping upstairs 'n all just freaked me out."

"Jamie, you knew we had an open relationship. You knew she didn't care what you
let me do to you. Caitlyn didn't care about you at all, and neither did I... you
were just a sport-fuck. She was happy for me, you knew that. Hell, she flat-out
told me, in front of you, to fuck the shit out of you! That's the way our
relationship is, Jamie, you know that. It's worked for 10 years."

"I know, I know... Jesus, I was only nine when you 'n Caitlyn got together. I
like her, I really do. 'n I'm sorry I fucked up. I mean, I wanted you to...
y'know... I'd wanted you to do it to me for, like, forever... but when it was
gonna happen for sure... I just freaked."

*SILENCE*

"I understand. But Caitlyn still wouldn't OK me giving you a loan."

*SILENCE*

"Well..."

*SILENCE*

"Well what, Jamie?"

"Shit, here goes... D'ya think maybe you could get the money without her
knowing?"

"Probably. But why would I want to?"

"Well... I mean... well... Jody... OK... Jody told me a few years ago that you
'n her um... she said you guys had a deal kinda like, y'know?. She said you gave
her money sometimes... she said up to $100 for every time she let you... that
you 'n her... 'n I thought maybe you 'n I could..."

"I didn't "give" Jody anything, Jamie. Any money your sister got from me, she
earned."

"Well, yeah, I know. I mean... she told me... um... I know what it was, y'know,
for."

"Do you Jamie? I don't think so."

"It was for sex, right? You gave Jody money if she... y'know... had sex with
you, right? If she sucked you 'n let you fuck her 'n all?"

"In a way, yes. But there was a lot more to it than that."

"Like what?"

"Are you sure you want to know?"

"Yeah. I have to... I mean... look, I really need the money. If I get evicted,
I've got no place to go. Whatever it is, I'll do it, I have to, I've got no
choice."

"OK. Here's what I'll do. I'm gonna explain to you what Jody and I had going,
what she had to do if she wanted to get paid. If you hear me describe something
you won't agree to do 100%, then tell me. My decision as to giving you the money
will depend on what you're willing to do for it. Got it?"

"Uh-huh...um...Richard? D'ya think you can give me $300 before the first of the
month if I let you... if I do what Jody did?"

"Jesus, Jamie, have you gotten stupid as you've grown up? I just said that will
depend on how much you agree to do, how submissive you are... do you what
submissive means?"

"Uh-huh, I know. It's like when a girl just, y'know... when she just gives in
totally 'n lets the guy do anything he wants to her, no matter what it is, even
if she doesn't like it... 'n when she...like... does anything the guy says even
if she doesn't want to do it. I've been, um... I can do it... be submissive 'n
all."

"How submissive, Jamie? Can you be a slave? Someone's sex slave?"

"Yeah. I can be a slave, I guess. I mean, Yes, I can."

"Interesting. You're not surprised by this at all, are you Jamie? Any normal
girl of 19, any decent girl wouldn't know the first thing about what
"submissive" meant. But you... you not only know exactly what it means to be
submissive... you know you can do it. You've been a submissive before, haven't
you Jamie? Some guy's sex slave?"

"Um... uh-huh...yeah."

"Yeah what, Jamie?"

"Yeah, I've been a submi-... I've been a slave before, kinda... a y'know... sex
slave, like you said."

"And loved every minute of it, no doubt."

"I guess... kinda..."

"OK, if I decide to give you the money, will you agree to be my sex slave? To do
anything I say, Jamie? And to let me do anything I want to you? And I do mean
anything."

"Uh-huh. I can do that... I mean... I will do that... let you do anything you
want to me, even if I don't like it."

"Well, that has possibilities."

"Uh...Richard? Would I have to let you hurt me? I mean, I'll still do it, be
your sex slave 'n all. I will. I was just wondering if I'd hafta... y'know...
let you hurt me... y'know... tie me up 'n stuff."

"Probably. No, definitely. But nothing permanent. No scars."

"Oh..."

"Oh what, Jamie?"

"Nothing. I mean, it's OK...it is... really. Like I said, I was... y'know...
just wondering."

"But you're getting ahead of things, Jamie. Don't get so eager. I haven't even
decided yet whether or not you're worth paying to fuck and you're already
fantasizing about what I might do to you. You've only passed the first hurdle,
Jamie. Here's the second... listen close, Jamie, because I'm only going to say
this once. If you want a chance at the same deal I gave Jody, then you've got to
agree to submit to me completely, to enter into total sexual slavery, and your
slavery to me has to start during this phone call. Right now, in fact. If you
agree, then you give up the right to say "no" to me right now, and I go on to
describe what comes next. If you don't agree now, we stop right here, I say
goodnight and go get some sleep while you, on the other hand, can find some
other way to keep a roof over your head. So, yes or no?"

*SILENCE*

"Jamie?"

*soft gasp...panting*

"OH! Uh yeah, OK, I agree. uh-huh... It can suh-start right now, I...
Hhhhnnnn... I, um... I guh-guess."

"You're fucking getting turned-on, aren't you Jamie? All this talk about being
my sex-slave is getting to you, isn't it Jamie?"

"...um...."

"Jaaaaamieeee?"

"...uh..."

"Tell me Jamie! Or we stop right here and now!"

"Yes! OK? Alright? Yes, I'm getting' turned-on! It's sick, I know, but I can't
help it."

"What's sick, Jamie?"

"Me, OK? Getting' all horny 'n shit listening to you tell me I have to do all
this stuff 'n let you do suh-sex to me 'n all 'n laying here thinking about it
'n almost puking but still getting all slimy 'n stuff between my legs. It's
fucking disgusting. I'm fucking disgusting. I'm fuh-fuh..."

"That's true, but I figured that out 20 minutes ago. Let's move on to something
not so obvious. Where are you Jamie? In your apartment. Where are you?"

"In buh... nnnnhhh... in mmmmmmy b-b-bed."

"What are you wearing?"

"Huhuhuh A long t-...nnhhnn t-shirt."

"What else?"

"That's it. It's what I sleep in."

"No underpants?"

"Uh-uh. I can't... I mean... ohuhuhuh I didn't used ta... I mean... I don't wear
them."

"Someone made you stop wearing underpants, didn't they Jamie?"

"Yeah...how'd you know?"

"How many fingers do you have in your cunt, Jamie? Don't lie to me."

"How did you...? Uhhh t-two...I h-have two fingers uh-up in me."

"That's good. Don't stop finger-fucking your hole until I tell you to,
understand?"

"Uh-huh...nnnggnnn."

"And tell me when you cum. Every time. If you miss one, I hang up."

"O... OK... I w-will... t-tuh-tell you... it'llllll b-beeee ssssooooonnn..."

"God, you really are a fuckin' slut, aren't you Jamie?"

*SILENCE*

*A moan, a whimper*

"Aren't you, Jamie?"

"OHHH... Y-y-yeah I aammm...It's happening, Richard... ohgodohgod... I'mmm
c-c-cummmminnnnn."

"What are you, Jamie? Tell me..."

"Ah-ah-ah s-slut..."

That's right, say it again, slut... keep saying it!"

"S-s-slut... I'm a ohhhhhhhhh...I'm a slut... I am... huhuhuhuhu Jeeeesssus! I'm
a fuh-fuh-fukukuking s-s-sssslut I'm cumming Richard I'm a guh-guh-guttttterrr
ssssslut... I am! I promise! Oh... OH... OH my gaaAAAWWWDDD!"

*SILENCE*

*SILENCE*

*Heavy, hard breathing*

"Jesus..."

*A soft sob*

"You OK, Jamie?"

"Yeah... I guess."

*Sniff*

"You guess?"

"That was... I mean I haven't... not since... "

"Haven't cum that hard since the last time you were somebody's slave?"

"Huh? uh... yeah... not since then."

"Speaking of that, it's time we talked about the next requirement."

"There's more?"

"Absolutely."

"But I already said I'd be your slave, that I'd do anything you say, no matter
what, 'n that I'd let you do anything you want to me, no matter what. I mean,
fuck... What else is left?"

"Well, this is kind of a special thing. Back when Jody was my sex slave, she saw
it as different. And let me tell you, Jody was really into being a sex slave.
See, what happened was... one time, about six months after we started our thing,
she called and wanted to get together. I told her I couldn't afford it right
then, that we'd have to wait about a week. Well, Jody was quiet for a while and
then she told me that it didn't matter, that for this time she didn't need any
money, that she just wanted to come over and have me, as she called it, "do sex
stuff" to her."

"She did?"

"She did. I said, 'So, Jody, tonight you're not in the mood to be just a whore,
you want to go all the way and be a slut.' She didn't like that at all, but it
turned her on big time, like I knew it would. After that, every time she called
and wanted to come over, I asked her 'Do you want to be a whore or a slut?' A
lot of the time she said 'I want to be a whore.' But more and more often she
said, "I guess tonight I want to be a slut.'"

"Wow..."

"Are you still finger-fucking that filthy hole of yours, Jamie-slut?"

"Hey! ... Don't call me that!" "What? You don't want to hear the truth? We just
established back when you made yourself cum that you are a slut, Didn't we? You
said so yourself. If I can't call you what your really are, we can forget this
thing."

"OK...OK... forget I said anything. Call me anything you want. I deserve it, I
guess."

"You still didn't answer my question, slut. Are you still finger-fucking
yourself?"

"um...no."

"Did I tell you you could stop?"

"No... I'm sorry... OK, here... I nnnngh... Jesus that's sensitive! OK,
I'mmmmmmmm doing it again."

"Now, as I was saying..."

"Wait! Richard? Can you hang on a second?"

"What for?"

"Cuz I... um... shit... I kinda need to go get a towel or something."

"Make a little mess, Jamie-slut?"

"Yeah..."

"And how did you do that, Jamie?"

"You know."

"Tell me."

"When I c... when I came."

"Yeah...what happened when you came?"

"I squirted, that's what... all over the place...OK? 'n now I'm fucking all
slimy."

"Really? Where?"

"Oh come on..."

"WHERE JAMIE?"

"Alright, alright... Between my legs, OK?...'n all down the inside of them. OK?
I sprayed my fucking slime all over myself 'n now it's leaking out of me... out
of my cunt... y'know... that hole I got down between my legs? Is that what you
wanted to hear?"

"Much better! Now you're starting to talk like a real slut."

"I wish you wouldn't call me that."

"Tell you what... You tell me exactly why you don't want me to call you a slut,
and maybe I'll stop. I'll even give you a minute or so to think about it. Go get
a towel, Jamie, and clean up your pussy-slime and then get back on the phone.
Oh, and you can stop finger-fucking yourself for a while, Jamie, since you
probably already have anyway."

"OK, hang on..."

*SILENCE* "OK... I'm back... um... OK... why I don't like you t' call me a... I
don' know... I just... It just makes me feel weird... like I get all ashamed 'n,
y'know, humiliated."

"Why? Because it's true?"

"NO... well... I mean, yeah, kinda, I guess."

"Y'know Jamie, you sound a lot like your older sister. So I don't think you've
quite told me everything, have you, Jamie?"

"Whaddyou mean?"

"Well, the thing is, the reason Jody didn't like feeling ashamed and humiliated
was really because of what happened when she felt that way, because of how it
made her feel. You know what I mean, don't you, Jamie?"

"Uh-uh. I don't...really... Um... How did it make her feel?"

"Let me put it this way... Hmmmm... OK... One of the things that humiliated Jody
was when I made her beg... Like, beg for me to fuck her, or beg to suck my cock,
or beg to cum. She hated to beg. But the longer I made her beg, and the more
humiliated and ashamed Jody felt, and the more real the begging became. If I
held out long enough, she'd be on her knees, following me around, crying and
promising all sorts of really interesting things if only I'd fuck her, or let
her suck my cock, or sometimes all she'd want is to be able to cum. So how do
you think it made her feel?"

"Made her turned on, I guess... made her more excited? Made her want
to...y'know...do stuff?"

"Very good...and?"

"And? I don' know... made her want to cum, maybe?"

"Not just want, Jamie."

"Need? Made her need to cum, like, really bad? So that she'd do anything if she
could cum?"

"Give the little slut a gold star! Now, Jamie, tell me, that's really why you
don't want me to call you a slut, isn't it? Because the same thing happens with
you, doesn't it?"

*SILENCE*

"DOESN'T IT!"

"Yes... OK?.... I can't help it! I don' know why it happens, it just does. When
somebody... a guy... says bad things about me... I don' know... I get all hot
inside 'n all squishy 'n stuff in my c-... down between my legs... OK? 'n it's
disgusting 'n sick 'n guys laugh at me 'n that makes it worse... 'n now that you
know that you're gonna use it just like they did 'n I can't stop it..."

*SILENCE*

"Richard? Are you gonna, um... make... make me beg, too, Richard?"

"Of course I am you stupid bitch! What kind of lame question is that? You just
got done telling me that you turn into a desperate gutter-slut starved for cock
whenever any guy "says bad things" about you. What the hell do you expect? I
should ignore such an easy way to get you on your knees or on your back with
your ankles next to your ears?"

"No...but..."

"Shut up, cunt!"

"ok...ok...uhhhhhh..."

"That sounded interesting...y'know... a little bit ago, just after you
finger-fucked yourself until you, what was it--- oh yeah, "sprayed your slime!"
Just after that, you stopped playing with yourself and didn't tell me. I'll
bet... I'll just bet that since I've gotten less oohhhh..."polite"... since I've
taken the gloves off, so to speak, and started saying things about you that we
both know are true... I'll just bet that hand is back down between those slimy
legs of yours... I'll bet you've got at least two fingers back buried in that
sloppy hole you've got between your legs."

*SILENCE*

"Well, my little Jamie-slut? You got a coupla fingers up inside yourself all
slimy and sticky?"

*SILENCE*

"Three..."

"What?"

"Three... I've got th-three fingers inside me... 'n I'm gunna c-c-..."

"STOP"

"Wha...?"

"I SAID STOP RIGHT NOW, SLUT! TAKE YOUR FINGERS OUT OF YOUR FILTHY HOLE RIGHT
NOW!"

"NNNOOOOoooo... OK...OK...they're out...OK?...god..."

"From now on, cunt, you have to have permission to cum, you understand? If I see
or hear you cum one time without permission... well, there's just a whole world
of things I could do to you, isn't there, Jamie? And in your situation... you'd
just have to take it, wouldn't you?"

"Y-yeah... I guess... Richard?"

"What."

"Can we... um... can I... maybe... ohgod I don't believe I'm asking this... can
I come over, to your place, I mean... can I come over there tonight... like...
now, maybe?"

"Whatever for, Jamie-slut?"

"You know..."

"Of course I know you nitwit! Jesus save me from morons. I want to hear you say
it, ask for it..."

"So we can... um... so... shit... so you can do stuff to me... OK? ... sex stuff
y'know?...like, make me naked 'n all 'n... um...like... do it to me... fuh-fuck
me... 'n... um... without a rubber if you want... 'n... um... squirt in me...
squirt your sperm up in me 'n... 'n make me suck you 'n... um... squirt in my
mouth... make me let you squirt your sperm in my mouth 'n make me swallow it..."

"Not enough...what else?"

"Shit! Um... OK... um... Alright... it can be like with Jody... um... it doesn't
have to be for money... OK? Not tonight... if you don't want to... give me any
money... I mean. If... um... if you let me come over tonight...n-now... 'n we
can... y'know... then s'OK with me if I don't... if it's for free... anything
you want..."

"Not good enough. The way you're starving for cock, any cock, right now, you
should be paying me to fuck your filthy slimy holes."

"Oh God! ...OK... what else... OK... ... um...shit... so you can treat me bad
'n... 'n... 'n say bad things about me 'n... 'n... 'n make me cum... OK? Is that
good enough? I'm asking... beggin'... OK? I'm beggin' for what I want you to do
to me... for what... ohgod...for what I neeeed you to do to me, OK? Jeez... I
don't know why you're making me say all these filthy things about myself. I
hafta do what you say, no matter what, I need the money... OK? isn't that
enough?"

"Oh, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie... Even at 19 I'd figure you were smarter than you're
acting now. But then why should I? Every real slut I've ever met has had her
brains between her legs, so I guess you're no different. And with your hand
between your legs like it is now, little fingers just itching to fuck that hot
slimy hole between your legs again, you can't really use your brains, can you,
Jamie? Not when all you can think about is getting off. You're just like Jody.
When she needed to cum, her brains just drained out of her along with the pussy
slime that was always running down her leg. I can hear her now in how you talk.
The more turned-on you get, the more you start talking like a teeny-bopper."

"I'm sorr-"

"Shut up! I'm not finished. Where was I? Oh yeah... so you don't like all the
things I make you tell me about yourself? All the nasty, filthy things you keep
secret. All those things you think about when you're shoving your fingers or God
knows what else up your filthy cunt? Too bad. That's the next requirement. I
didn't get a chance to tell you because you interrupted me to announce to me how
you sprayed pussy-slime all over your fucking bedroom. It's what Jody wanted to
avoid. If you want me to agree to this, then get used to me asking questions of
you, personal questions, very personal questions. I expected Jody to answer
every one of the questions I asked her and I'll expect the same from you. And
the same as it was for Jody, it will be for you... If you lie to me, one time,
and I'll know if you do, believe me...or if you refuse to answer, we quit, right
then. You go home... and you don't get a cent, understand?"

"OK... yeah... I understand. Richard? What kinda stuff are you gunna ask me?"

"Well, at least you're consistent... Another dumb question. What kind of
questions do you think I'm going to ask you?"

"OK, I know it's gunna be sex questions, OK? I know I'll hafta tell you all
about when guys did it to me 'n stuff 'n what I let all of them do to me 'n all.
I know that, but... well... for instance... what kinda stuff did Jody tell you?"

"Oh, "dog-slut"... that was my name for her... I was always threatening to make
her suck a dog's cock... never did though...pity... anyway, "dog-slut" told me a
whole lot of interesting stuff. How she lost her cherry at 11 when some friend
of your older brother raped her in the bushes outside of your house... how he
came back two days later and she let him take her in the bushes and rape her
again... and how she started riding her bike over to his house 2 or 3 times a
week to let him rape her over and over."

"Yeah, that was Craig. She told me about that. Jody told me he was raping her
over 'n over 'n she didn't want it but she couldn't stop herself so she just
kept letting him rape her. I didn't understand then, but I do now."

"I'm sure you do, Jamie. Then Jody told me how at 13 she was getting fucked at
least once a week at school... first by Craig, and then by him and one of his
friends, and then by one of her teachers... how at 14 she started hitchhiking...
and being a whore... how she started letting any total stranger with $50 pump
their sperm into her in their back seat, sometimes in broad daylight... how two
weeks after she started whoring she got into the wrong vehicle, a van, and how
the five gang members in the van took her to a house in Sylmar and kept her
there for four days while those five and who knows how many other guys emptied
their balls into every hole she had... how two months later she found out she
was pregnant and had to take up "hitchhiking" again to pay for the abortion...
how at 16 she got into 'ludes and started going to raves and clubs every night
she could, fucked up out of her mind and how she was getting fucked by so many
guys she lost count... how she got "raped," so she said, about once a week or
so...lots of really interesting stuff..."

"Jesus..."

"Oh, and one more thing, Jamie ... Jody told me, in great detail, all about your
stepfather Bud."

*SILENCE*

"Jamie?"

*SILENCE*

"Yeah... I'm here... um... what did she tell you about... about Bud?"

"Everything."

"Everything about what? I don't understand..."

"Bullshit, Jamie. You understand just fine. It's no use, Jamie. Jody told me all
about it. About how Bud started molesting her when she was 11 and fucking her
when she was 12. How he fucked her two or three times a week in the bathroom
late at night... how he made her suck his cock and how she puked her guts out
when she had to swallow his sperm...how he came right into Jody's and your
bedroom and fucked her brains out right in her own bed, not ten feet from where
you were supposedly sleeping - she saw you watching several times - how when
your mom was in Las Vegas, which was usually one weekend a month, he'd come
right out to where you two and your brothers were watching TV and tell Jody "get
in here" and how she'd just get up without a word and go into his bedroom for an
hour or two and how she'd walk out of his room bow-legged with sperm running
down her legs. She told me how, when your mom was home, he'd fuck her in the
garage or parked somewhere in his truck... "

*SILENCE*

"Let's see...Jody told me how he had a friend who ran a motel out on Vineland,
just a couple of blocks from your house and how Bud made her meet him in one of
the rooms once or twice a week so he could sodomize her and fuck her senseless.
She even told me how she "paid" for the use of the room by letting Bud's fat
slob friend fuck her and sodomize her all afternoon long one day a month. She
kept going on and on about how all these guys were fucking her and nobody would
use a rubber no matter how much she begged and how she'd have to just lay there
while they all pumped their sperm up into her. And she told me about the other
three abortions she had to have before she was 15 as well as the tricks she had
to turn to pay for them."

"God! I didn't even know all of that... I mean... OK, I admit it... I knew about
some of it... a lot of it maybe... but not that much. Um... Was that it? I mean,
did she tell you anything else?"

"Anything else? Isn't that enough? Oh all right, let me see... Oh yeah, I
remember now. Jody told me that when she was 15, and you were 13, Bud pretty
much lost interest in her and left her alone. Yep... I remember now... "

"Whaaaattt? Tell meeeeee!"

"OK, you asked... She said that after that, it was you, Jamie, that Bud was
taking into the bathroom... that it was you, Jamie, she heard puking up Bud's
sperm and grunting like a pig while he fucked you, and it was you, Jamie,
staggering back to bed naked most of the time with a towel wedged up between
your legs... how it was you, Jamie, he started calling into his bedroom - did
you know that Jody and your brothers could hear you grunting and cumming all the
way out in the living room? - and she told me it was you, Jamie, that Bud
started taking for long "rides" in his truck, and it was you, Jamie, who always
returned from those rides with a huge slimy-wet stain spreading out from the
crotch of your jeans."

*SILENCE*

"Your sister told me she never saw you resist at all and that you never told a
soul what Bud was doing to you, except her, of course, but you made her swear to
keep it a secret from your mom... She talked about how both of your brothers
knew what was happening and laughed about it when you were in the bathroom or in
Bud's bedroom getting fucked full of his sperm. She even told me that after a
while, you started asking for it, that she heard you ask Bud if he wanted to
meet you in the bathroom and that you'd wait for him naked."

*SILENCE*

"Let's see... Jody told me how a month or so before your 14th birthday, you
asked her to teach you about "hitchhiking" because Bud had made you pregnant and
then said you had to pay for the abortion yourself. She laughed when she told me
that you were too timid to ask for $50, that you thought it was too much, so you
ended up letting one guy after another do anything they wanted to you for $20.
Then she told me about how you told her the first two guys who picked you up
hitchhiking fucked your brains out and then didn't give you a cent. And after
you got the abortion, did you try to stop Bud from knocking you up all over
again? Nope. According to Jody, you not only kept sneaking off to meet Bud in
the bathroom, the garage, and who knows where else, you not only kept spreading
your legs for Bud whenever he wanted to empty his sperm into you, you even
started spending the occasional afternoon at "The Vineland Inn." Remember that,
Jamie? Room 7 wasn't it? All the way in the back so you could walk from your
house to there without being seen?"

*SILENCE*

"Well, Jamie?"

*SILENCE*

*SILENCE*

"OK, that's it. Forget it, Jamie, I'm hanging up."

"NO... wait..."

"Wait for what, Jamie?"

"Just... wait... OK? I gotta... fuckin' bitch... Ohgod... Alright... OK...
yeah... room 7... it was room 7... I'd walk behind the apartment houses on
Strand 'n... OK, it's true... all of it."

"Well, that's a start."

"Look, I'll do it, OK? I'll... I'll tell you. Ask me anything you want... seems
like you pretty much know it all anyway, except for the filthy, disgusting
details. And that's what you want, isn't it? To make me tell you about all the
sick stuff I used to let guys do to me, guys I didn't even know, and... shit...
all the filthy shit I let Bud do to me 'n the shit he made me do. 'n now I'm
gunna have to let you do all kinds of sick shit to me while I'm telling you...
'n... 'n... ohhhhh... ohgod... Richard? Can't I please cum now. Richard?
Pleassssseee? It'll just take a second...pleeeeaasssee?"

"Do you still want to come over now?"

"UH-HUH... Yes...I do, I do, I do...please... can I? I'll be good, Richard, I
promise I will. You'll see."

"Well... You keep your eager little fingers away from your slimy crotch for just
a few minutes and... I'll tell you what...let's check with Caitlyn and see what
she says....CAITLYN? HONEY?"

"WHAT?"

"PICK UP THE PHONE!"

"Ohhh shit..."

*click*

"What, baby? I was just about to go to bed."

"I won't keep you but a minute or so, lover. Somebody wants to ask your
permission for something. Go ahead slut."

*SILENCE*

"Oh sluuu-uut... come out come out wherever you are."

*SILENCE*

"What is this Richard, some kind of a joke? I'm going to bed."

"NO...WAIT...please... I'm sorry... um just... wait a minute, OK?"

"Who is this? I've heard that voice before..."

"Jamie... Caitlyn... It's J-Jamie."

"Well, well, well... Little prick-teaser Jamie. What the fuck do you want?"

"I want...um... Jesus... Look, I'm... I'm sorry about before...really I
am...'n... 'n I want to make it up to Richard... I do... 'n... if it's OK with
you, I mean... 'n I was thinking... um... if it's OK with you if I... um...
maybe I could... like... come over there tonight, 'n see Richard?"

"And do what?"

"Anything... anything Richard wants I'll... um... I'll do it, anything he
wants... 'n I'll let him do anything he wants to me... I will, OK?... I
promise... even if I don't want to...I won't tease him. So... is that... I
mean...is that Alright with you, Caitlyn? If I come over tonight I mean... so
Richard can f-fuh... can do whatever he wants to me?"

"Well, Richard, you animal, you seem to have found yourself a new playmate. She
sounds delightful. Is she as much of a slut as her cock-starved sister?"

"Actually, I think sweet, innocent little Jamie might be even more of a slut
than Jody ever was, and she is much easier to manipulate. Hell, just a few
minutes ago she was finger-banging herself... she... get this... these are her
words...she told me that when she came she 'sprayed her pussy-slime all over
herself.' Can you believe it?"

"Really? What a disgusting picture that is. Well, she certainly begs nice
enough. I think I just might want to borrow her for a night or two. After you've
had your fill of using her alone, that is."

"I was hoping you would, you sadistic bitch you."

"Flattery will get you nowhere, my love. I'm on the rag, I'm tired, and I'm
going to bed. Goodnight."

"WAAIIIITTT!"

"Oh Christ. What now, Jamie?"

"You didn't say if it was OK for me to come over 'n... like I said... so I can
let... So Richard can... y'know...f-fuh... so he can fuh-fuck me 'n all... I
mean I already asked Richard 'n he said I hafta get your permission... so can I,
please?"

"Oh how cute! You're right, Richard, about her being an easy mark. You've only
been on the phone with her, what, an hour? And she's already begging ME to let
her be your slut. Priceless. Well, little Jamie-slut - I assume that's what
you've started calling her..."

"Among other things. You know I always try to tell the truth, Caitlyn."

"That you do dear... and you do it sooo well. Anyway... Yes, dear Jamie-slut...
I hereby give you my permission to come over tonight so that Richard can stick
his dick into any one of your disgusting holes he wants...more likely all
three... but that's up to him... Goodnight all."

"Say goodnight, slut."

"Goodnight Caitlyn... 'n thank you..."

"How sweet... you're welcome, slut."

"Night, love."

"Nite Richard."

*SILENCE*

"Richard?"

"What?"

"Can I... can I cum now, Richard, please?"

"Absolutely not. You've got your permission, now get the fuck over here!"

"OK... gimme a minute to get dressed and..."

"NO!"

"No what? Don't get dressed? Richard, all I've got on is a long t-shirt... 'n
besides it's all sticky 'n slimy from when I... I've gotta get..."

"Do you still want to come over here and get fucked?"

"Y-y-yeah... I mean, you know I do... a lot... I even begged..."

"Then you'll come over dressed just like you are now or not at all."

"OK, Richard... I'll... ohgod..."

*SILENCE*

"NOW YOU FILTHY FUCKING SLUT!"

"yes Richard..."

*click*

****************************************************




Part Two

*KNOCK KNOCK*

*SILENCE*

*KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK*

"I heard you the first time, slut."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know if you heard. Nobody came for like a minute 'n I
thought... Can I come in, please?"

"Not just yet. This is the first time I've ever seen you in your role as a
whore. Have you lost some weight? How much do you weigh now?"

"Um... yeah, I weigh... look, can't I come in, please? You can look at me all
you want inside. You're gonna have me naked 'n all prob'ly in just a few minutes
'n doing a bunch of sex shit to me 'n stuff. Or could you at least turn out
these bright lights? I'm only wearing a t-shirt, remember, 'n it's fuckin'
soaked 'n all slimy from what I was thinkin' in the car on the way over 'n those
guys across the street were saying stuff to me when I got outa my car. Now
they're staring at me. So can I come in please?"

"I asked you a question, bitch. Just for that, I want you to give me that shirt.
I want to be sure you're naked underneath like I ordered."

"OK... I will... I will. But can I just step inside to take it off?"

"NOW, slut. Or get the fuck back in your car and get out of my face. Or maybe
you might go over and ask those guys if they'll give you the money you need?"

"OK...OK...jeez. Alright, here. I'm naked, OK? Just like you said. Now can I
come in?"

"Jesus! You weren't kidding... God this is disgusting. What you do, piss on it?"

"N-No... I told you... I was thinkin'... in the car on the way here...y'know...
about all the stuff you're gonna do to me 'n... look... can I pleeease come in?
Those guys. They're getting up 'n coming this way."

"I'm not going to let you in my house until I'm goddamn good and ready, and if
you ask one more time..."

"Ok...ok...I'm sorry."

"I thought your tits were bigger, slut. What did you do, wear them off?"

"No... They were bigger, kinda. But Bud 'n Gregg thought that they were gettin'
too big 'n they knew this doctor 'n... they made me let him... like... do it to
me... a lot... 'n then he..."

"So now you've got a couple of lemon-sized bumps on your chest to go with your
hairless pussy. I see you still haven't grown any hair between your legs, or do
you shave?"

"Nuh-uh. I've grown a few hairs down there but I just pull 'em out 'n they don't
seem to grow back... um...Richard? Those guys...um they're kinda almost here..."

"Well, answer my fucking question, slut, and we can go inside."

"Um... What was the question again?"

"How tall are you...?"

"'n how much do I weigh? OK, I remember... Um I'm 5' 1" 'n I weigh 102 pounds,
OK?"

"OK. See how easy things can be if you just do what I say?"

"Uh-huh."

"OK, go on in. Go in that room there and wait for me. Hi guys! Nope, nobody
special, just a cheap whore. What's that? I don't think so guys, I probably
won't be finished with her until really late, maybe even tomorrow morning. I
haven't decided yet. But you never know. If she doesn't cooperate, I might just
bring her over to see you guys!"

*DOOR CLOSING*

"OK, they'll be waiting to see if you screw up, slut. You might want to keep
that in mind. What the fuck? Who told you you could sit down? You fucking cunt!"

"Oh god... I'm sorry Richard, I am...please don't hurt... NNNGGGGHH! Richard
ple... NNGNGGGH! I'msorrrrrrreeee Richa...NNNGGGGNHG! NNNGGNNGH!"

"Get up off that floor, slut, NOW! Or getting your face slapped a few times is
gonna be the least of your problems."

"I'm sorry, Richard, I really am... I fucked up... Don't hit me anymore please?
I'll be good, I promise I will."

"Just stand there. Spread your legs... Wider!... Good, now put your hands behind
your back. I'm only going to tell you this one more time, Jamie-slut. You do
EXACTLY what I say, IMMEDIATELY after I say it, unless I tell you otherwise. You
do NOTHING that I have not told you to do or given you permission to do. Can
that moronic brain of yours understand that?"

"Yes Richard... I'll be good, Richard, I promise."

"And stop calling me Richard."

"Well, um... I mean... it's your name 'n all... what do you want me to call
you?"

"Let's see. OK, since I've never met this particular Jamie, this gutter-slut,
desperate-for-cock whore, then it stands to reason that the true Jamie, the
disgusting slut in front of me, has never met me. So from now on, you can call
me 'mister.' No last name, because a true gutter-slut whore like you doesn't
care who the men are who fuck her. Look at you, for example. Tell me,
Jamie-slut, how many times in your very short life have you offered your holes
to men just a few minutes after you've met them for the first time? How many
times have you been fucked and sodomized by men you've never met before? How
many total strangers have squirted their sperm down your filthy throat? How
many, Jamie? 50? 100?"

"I don' know... does that include if they squirted in me like... two or three
different times?"

"Let's keep the number manageable... just count one set of squirts per man."

"Ummm ... shit...I dunno...a lot, I guess."

"A lot what, slut?"

"A lot of guys have... um guys I didn't know... y'know... that I just met...
have done it to me... I let them do it to me... 'n yeah... I off- um...
y'know... brought it up sometimes...a lot of times, I guess... if they didn't
ask after a few minutes, then I asked them if they wanted to... I told 'em they
could... y'know... if they gave me some money... told 'em they could...
y'know... do it to me 'n all... 'n a lot of times there wasn't any...y'know...
money... Um... I just... ummm... I kinda just let 'em do it to me... Rich... I
mean mister? Can I cum now? Please?"

"Not yet, slut. Getting turned on by telling me what a whore you are?"

"Kinda, yeah... I guess... Did Jody get... did she like telling you stuff? Cuz I
never told anybody... I mean... I already told you I like it when a guy says bad
things about me... but I never had to say bad things about myself... y'know? 'n
it makes me really... um... turned on, y'know?"

"I know. It's always good when you face the truth about yourself. OK. Let's see
just how good you can be at it. Come over here."

"What the fuck? What's that?"

"What does it look like?"

"Looks like a beach ball with one of those things attached to it... um... whadya
call 'em? A dildo?"

"Close enough. Get on."

"You mean you want me to sit on that 'n put that dil... UNGHHH! No wait I'm
sor... UNNGGNGH!"

"When I tell you to do something, you fucking piece of shit, I expect you to do
it! NOW!"

"OK! OK! Here, I'm doing...ohhhhhjesus...ohgodohgod...it's going so
deep...huhuhuh..."

"Comfy?"

"Actually, it kinda hur...UNNGGH! I mean YES YES...OK? I'm comfy!"

"Good. Now, you see that silver egg there by your left leg?"

"Egg? Oh yeah...uh-huh, I see it."

"You need to twist around so that egg is centered between your cunt lips and
directly on your clit. NO... I didn't say to get up, just twist around, slut!
Good! Now I'll touch this button on the remote and..."

"Uhhhhhhhhh... ohjesusohgodohgod... Richard, I'm gonna cu- UNGGH! UNGGGH! I'm
sorr... UUNNGGH! UNNGGH! I... UUNNGGHH! ... OHGODOHGOD! UNNGGH UNNGGH SORRY! I
meant mister... mu-mu-misterrrrrrrr! I'm gonnnnaaaaa cuummm...
ohoHOHMYYYGGAWWWD!"

"Jesus... you weren't lying when you talked about "spraying your slime," were
you? Thank God I put some towels under that thing. Sit up! Do you always spray
like that or only when somebody's slapping the shit out of you?"

"I... um... jesus... nuh-uh. I mean... no, mister... I hardly ever do... just
when I cum... like... really, really hard, y'know? 'n that time... I mean...
when you were hitting me so hard 'n all 'n that thing was... it felt like... I
dunno... like I was turning myself inside out or something. What IS that thing?"

"Well, it started out as a simple vibrator...you do know what a vibrator is,
don't you? Even you can't be that stupid."

"Yeah... I mean...no, I'm not that stupid... 'n, yeah, I know what a vibrator
is, but THAT... I mean... I've used a vibra..."

"Well, a friend of mine worked on it for me. He also made the remote control I'm
holding. He's a genius at stuff like this. That little vibrator is about 20
times stronger than it was at first. He did the same for the one you've got
stuffed up your slimy cunt. Here, let's see...

"Ohhhh...mister...ohhhhjesus... ohhhhhhhhhh..."

"That's the lowest setting... there's three in all... Here's two..."

"Ggggnnnnngggg... I-I-I...ohhhhhhhh... geh-geh-geh..."

"And...three."

"OH! OH!... muh-muh-mis-misTER-TER-TER... OHOHOHOH... I'mmmmm
cuh-cuh-cuh-meh-meh-INNNNNG AH-AH-AH-GEH-GEH-GEH-NNNNNNNNNN!"

"OK... that's enough of that for a while."

*SILENCE*

"ohjesusohjesusohjesus..."

*SILENCE*

"M-mister? Can I have some...ummm...water er somethin'?"

"Lose a little fluid, did we? Here."

"Huh? Oh... thanks... yeah... jesus... I've never... I mean NEVER! That thing...
the one up inside me...it wasn't just vibra--- I mean... it was like... MOVING
up 'n down inside of me! Like it was... I dunno... like it was fuckin' me or
something."

"Very good, Jamie... 'course if there's one thing in this world you should be
able to recognize, it's when you're being fucked, with all your experience at it
and all."

"I guess... um... Mister?... um... this is gonna sound stupid..."

"That's because you are stupid, Jamie."

"Huh?... oh... yeah, I guess... anyway... what I was wonderin'... ummm... can I
get... like... I mean... this thing is 'lectrical...right?... I can see the plug
'n all...'n I jus... I mean... it's all wet 'n stuff now from my... y'know... my
pussy-slime 'n all... so..."

"No Jamie, you can't get electrocuted... it's well shielded."

"Oh."

"However..."

"AAWWWRRGG! What the fu...? AHHHHHGGG!"

"You can get shocked... Nothing harmful, but it does kinda sting, doesn't it?"

"YES! DON'T! OK? Please, mister? Don't to it again, OK?... jesus... I'll do
anything you want, I promise... OK? Just... don't."

"We'll see, Jamie. It depends on how good your memory is."

"You mean if I can tell you about... y'know... all the filthy sex stuff guys did
to me 'n all... then you won't do that shock thing to me?"

"That's big part of it, but you also have to tell me as much as you can about
what you were thinking and feeling."

"I can do that... I can, mister... I promise... 'n... um... like I said
y'know...before? It even makes me kinda... like... turned on 'n stuff, y'know?
Is that sick or what?"

"Who cares? We already know you're stupid and you're a fucking slut. Of course
you get turned on by sick stuff, you're a sick person, otherwise you wouldn't
even want to be here or want to be treated like this. But you do, don't you ,
Jamie?"

"Uhhhh-hhhuhhhh... Mister? What if... I mean... what are you gonna do to me if
I...like... don't wanna answer somethin or maybe don't remember? Are ya gonna...
like... punish me 'n stuff?"

"What do you think, you moron?"

"Yeah, I kinda guess you would. Stupid question, huh."

"Very stupid."

"But what if I like really, really don't remember. That's not fair!"

"HAHAHAHAH....HAHAHAH...ohjesus... Ohgod... that was good Jamie."

"Whaaaaaat? Whaaad I say?"

"You really don't know? Oh god... this is priceless! FAIR, Jamie? What do you
think this is, the goddamned Olympics or something? That there's rules? You
stupid fucking slut! I MAKE the rules! I AM the rules. I couldn't care less if
it's unfair to you!"

"OK. ok... fuck... y'don't hafta get all pissed off... I just aske- UUUNNGH!
Nowait I-UNNGGGH! OHGOD...not in the stoma-UUUNNGGGHH! innaface... myfa-
UUNNGGGH! AHHHHHHHGAWWWD! Oh...oh...oh...ohGODOHGODOHGOD!"

*SILENCE*

*gagging, coughing, choking*

*SILENCE*

*panting, sniffling*

*SILENCE*

"Jesus... fuck... I came, mister... I don'fuckingbelieveitIfuckincame...jesus,
mister... what kinda low-life scum cums while somebody's punching 'em inna
stomach with their fists...?"

"What? You've never cum while being hit before? I find that impossible to
believe."

"No way... wait... I mean yeah... when a guy's like... y'know... slappin my face
'n shit... a buncha times, yeah... 'n sometimes even when some guy slugs me in
the face if it's... y'know... not too hard 'n all... 'n other places too like
between my... well... all over... but getting' hit in the stomach always ustah
make me puke is all."

"Well, you'll probably learn a lot more about yourself before we're through. But
for now... Here, let me..."

"What's that, mister? Some kinda collar or somethin'?"

"Well, yes and no. While you undoubtedly deserve to wear a dog collar and
leash... hmmm... maybe...? Well anyway, this is not really a collar, or shall we
say, not "only" a collar. Here, look right here on the one I'm putting on
myself... see this little box here?"

"Ummm... yeah."

"Well that little box fits on the front of your throat. It's another little toy
from my friend. It's a combination throat mike and transmitter. When you talk,
even whisper, it picks up what you say and transmits it to that tape deck over
there and ..."

"Y'mean you're gonna record everything I tell you?"

"That's the plan. Tapes like this bring a fortune on the internet."

"Y'mean you're gonna sell tapes t'other people of me telling you all about all
the filthy disgusting sex shit I've let guys do to me 'n stuff?"

"Yep. If I'm gonna give you $300, I have to put it back in our account somehow.
You didn't really think I'd steal the money behind Caitlyn's back, did you? Just
to play games with you? YOU? Don't be silly. Not in a million years would you be
worth it. As a matter of fact I plan on making a LOT more than $300 off these
tapes. You want to quit now?"

"Nuh-uh, mister. I jus thought... I mean... it's kinda embarrassing..."

"Well, if it's embarrassing, and shameful, and humiliating, then you should
enjoy the hell out of it, right Jamie-slut?"

"You gonna say my name 'n stuff, too?"

"Just your first name, Jamie-slut, nobody is going to know who it is. Unless of
course one of the men who used you as a sperm-dump buys the tape. That would be
very unlikely, but it's possible. Personally I don't give a shit if someone does
find out it was you. If you're not willing to take the risk, tell me now and you
can go home."

*SILENCE*

"Make up your mind, slut. I don't have all night. Well, I do, but I have plans
for most of it. So what's it gonna be? Stay or go?"

"Ok... I guess... I mean... I hafta stay, no matter what... even if I don't like
it."

"Really? Don't like it, huh? Jamie, look down."

"What?"

"Take a good look at that filthy cunthole between your legs."

"What about it?"

"What's it doing?"

"ummmm... I dunno... moving up 'n down a little?"

"More than a little... what else?"

"ummm... I... I'm kinda getting all wet 'n slimy again."

"The Mississippi River should be so wet. Ever since I told you that you'd be on
tape... that total strangers would be listening to your own voice describing
what a filthy gutter-slut you are... you've been fucking yourself on that dildo
and you slime has been running out of you. You LOVE the idea. You just wanted me
to MAKE you do it, right slut?"

"Nooo... Nuh-uhHHH!"

*SILENCE*

"Do I have to shock you for lying?"

*SILENCE*

"no... OK... Alright, I admit it, OK? Happy? God I disgust myself. Nnnnnnn
huhuhuh... I'm such a slut..."

"But you're also about to cum. Here, let me help. Level two on the dildo...

"ohjesus...muh-muh-mister..."

"...and here's the egg..."

"AHHHHHHHH! Ohjesusohjesus...ohgodohgodohGODOHGODOHGOD OHHHHHH GAAAWWWD!"

"Hmmmm. That dildo is 7 inches long, and it's going all the way up in you to the
tip and all the way down on almost every stroke... not bad, Jamie-slut. You're
gonna bruise your clit, though, if you keep hammering it into the egg like
that."

"OHGOD FUCK FUCK FUCK CA-CA-CA-CAN'T-T-T-TUH SUH-SUH-STOP-OP-OP-P-P-P!
HUHUHUHUHUH! SUH-SUH-SUH-STIL-IL-IL CUH-CUH-CUM-UM-UM-ING-ING!"

"OK, that's enough for now."

"WHOOOOFFFF... Huh...huh...huh..."

*SILENCE*

"Ohmyyyyygaaaawd, muh-mister."

OK, I'll give you five minutes to get what little brain you've got back on line,
then we'll begin.

**************************************************




Part Three

"Sit up, slut! Time's up."

"Huh?... wha?"

"I said sit the fuck up, Jamie, now!"

"Yeah...jus sec...lemme jus- AAAAAWWWWGGH! OKOKOKOK! I'MUP! I'MUP!
jesusfuckin'.... whooof. OK... I'm... OK."

"Forgot about that little shocker up inside you, didn't ya Jamie?"

"Fuck... I... jesus... please mister... please don't do that to me again...
please?... I know yer gonna... like... punish me 'n all... I do... 'n that's
OK... really... but kin ya maybe... like... y'know... hit me?... y'know... like
you did before?... insteada...? I mean... s'OK if ya hit me, buncha guys have...
I'm like... used to it, y'know? It even...ummm... sorta kinda feels good
sometimes... but THAT... I... oh shit..."

*SILENCE*

"Ummmm... mister?"

"What, Jamie-slut?"

"I gotta... um... I gotta pee... like... really really bad... can I...like...
get off this thing 'n... y'know... go pee? I'll get right back on after, I
promise."

"Fine. Get up and follow me."

"Thanks, mister... really... OK...uunnnggghhh...ow-ow-owwwww... ohjesus...
mygod...ALL of that was up in me?... OK. um...if you'll just... like... tell me
where it is I can..."

"I SAID follow me! You're starting to piss me off, slut!"

"SORRY! I'm sorry, OK? Jesus Christ... I didn't fuckin' mean anything... I
jus... OK OK OK...don't hit me, please? Go ahead, take me wherever you want...
I'll be good, I promise."

"OK, here we are. HOLD IT! Not there, over here."

"What? That's a shower."

"Amazing! You got that on the first guess! I KNOW it's a fucking shower! Now get
in there and stand, facing me."

"Allllright... OK, now what?"

"Now get down on your knees, sit back on your heels and hold on to your ankles."

"OK...Alright, I'm....Uh-oh."

"What?"

"You're gonna make me pee like this, aren't you, mister?"

"Two in a row! You're on a roll, slut."

"Eeewwwwww! Gross! It's gonna splatter all over me!"

"This from a fuckin' gutter-slut whose legs are both saturated from cunt to
ankle with her own slime that she's sprayed all over herself."

"Wulll yeah...but that's different."

"Oh yeah? How?"

"Because... um... wull I dunno...it just is."

"Fine. Let's go back to the other room."

"Allllright... Shit... OK... jes give me a minute, OK? I s'pose you're just
gonna stand there an' watch, huh?... never mind... stupid question... OK...
gimme a sec, here..."

*SILENCE*

"Uhhhhhh... Oh shit... fuckin' shit... oh gross...phhhhhttt... godfuckit...
yyuuuchhh!... This is sick!... OK...OK... jesus...I'm fuckin' soaked... happy
now?... Hey... what're you... ohno... nononono... ohshit... you wouldn't..."

"Shut the fuck up and sit still. NO...don't turn your face away...look at my
cock..."

*SILENCE*

"EEEWWWW!...ohshitfuck...oh this is...fuckin' GROSS... ohgodno...nooooo...not on
my fa---ggggllluggg bbbbbllluubbub."

"OPEN YOUR FUCKING MOUTH!"

"GGLLLLUBBBUBUB...blblblbbuuuuggghghg..."

"Swallow it...I said SWALLOW IT, NOW!"

"Gunbgglugg uuurrrppp... Oh shit... I think I'm gonna puke... gglllluuuurrpp...
I KNOW I'm gonna puke, mister..."

"Fine, go ahead...but don't fuckin' move from that position..."

*Gagging and retching*

*vomiting sounds*

"Oohhhhh... ok... I think...uuuuurrrpp... gaaawwwdd... I think I'm OK now...
Jesus... you pissed in my hair 'n face 'n...fuck... 'n all in my fuckin'
mouth... all over... 'n now I've got puke all down the front of me... 'n
I...uuuuugllurrpp...ohshit..."

*vomiting sounds*

"...Fuck...urp... shit, mister... can I take a shower, mister...please?"

"Tell me Jamie. Was that really that terrible?"

"Fuck yeah...it was fuckin' groosss...big-time."

"Then why are you playing with yourself now?"

"Wha...? I AM NO--- oh shit... I had no idea I was...honest, mister."

"OK then, stop finger-fucking yourself and you can take a shower."

"Ummmm... sure... jus...jus...ummm... gimme a minute here, OK? ju-jussss
onnnnnee muh-muh-muh..."

"STOP JAMIE!"

"GGUURRRR... OK! OK!...see? I've... Sssstuh-stop-ppped... fuck. I HATE when you
do that."

"You want to finish, slut? You want to kneel there naked in a puddle of our piss
and your own puke and finger-fuck yourself some more?"

"Wulll...when you put it that way... I... umm... shit... yeah... fuckit... yeah,
mister, I do... I wanna cum, OK? I mean...I'm really... like... close 'n all...
can I, mister, please?"

"Sure thing, Jamie... on one condition."

"...oh great... what now?"

"First you have to take your hand, your left one, since you like to jerk-off
with your right, and put it down in the puddle between your knees. That's right,
swish it around so it soaks in all that piss and puke... no you don't! Don't
starting jerking off again until I tell you...STOP Jamie, or I'll make you go
back in the other room without a shower!"

"OK! OK!... gawwddd this stuff is grooosssss. Alright, my hand's fuckin' soaked,
OK? Now what?"

"First put your right hand back on your ankle... now Jamie... good. Leave it
there until I say you can finish jerking-off. What?... What's that look?"

"Nuthin' I mean... shit... I'm sooo close, mister... can't I...?"

"Not until I say so."

"Alright. fuck...I can't fuckin' believe I'm kneeling here in this fuckin' slime
'n I'm still fuckin' turned on... sick. OK, mister, now what?"

"Take your left hand and smear that slime all over your face."

"WHAT? Are you kiddin...NO WAIT! I'm SORRY! OK? Don't hit me, OK, mister? Here,
look, I'm... ohfuck...this shit is... ohhhh... OK... I did it? Jesus... Now can
I cum?"

"Not yet, slut."

"Ggrrrrrnnnnn... what MORE do you want?"

"Put your hand back in the puddle and then smear it all over your chest... on
second thought, use both hands for that...DO IT!"

"Both hands...? then how'm I gonna...?"

"Jerk-off? The same way you do it every day."

"But I got this shit all ove... oh... that's the point, huh mister?"

"Good girl... hey, nice touch. I like the way you're splashing it on like
cologne. Smell good, Jamie?"

"Gggnnnnn NO! It fuckin' stinks, mister 'n
I...uhhhhhh...I...ohhhhhhshu-shu-shit... ohhhhhhh I don't fuckin' believe...
ohhhhhh muh-muh-mister... ohshit-ohshit...ohohoHOH I'm guh-guh-guh-nah-nah-NAH
ohmister...ohmister...ohMISTER... I'm CUH-CUH-CUH-MUMMMMMM-ING-ING!"

*SILENCE*

"ohhhhhh...mmmmyyyyyyy...ggaaaawwwwd..."

*SILENCE*

"Jesus... you... you... you KNEW, dintcha, mister? You knew I wuz gonna cum when
I wasn't even touching myself, dintcha? How did you...?"

"I didn't KNOW, Jamie. I just had a pretty good idea based on the fact that I'm
beginning to believe that you're a lot bigger slut than even you think."

"Jesus... fuck, man... I am SO disgusting..."

Yeah...ain't it great, Jamie?"

"Fer you maybe..."

"Of course for me. I've already told you I couldn't possibly care less about you
or your feelings if I tried. Get that through your thick head. The only thing
about you that has any value whatsoever to me are the three holes you've got in
your body, your cunthole, your asshole, and the hole in your face. The rest of
you is just a transport to bring those holes over here for me to play with. Hear
me, Jamie. Don't ever expect mercy from me. Don't stop begging, though, you do
it so very well. But if I ever give in and grant you what you're begging for, it
will be as a reward for the begging itself, for how creative you can be and for
what interesting and filthy things you can promise me in return for leniency. Do
you understand or do I need to use smaller words?"

"Yeah, I understand... other guys have... well... I've heard it
before...y'know... the stuff about my...my holes 'n all. 'n pretty much my whole
life that's... 'y'know... all that guys...like... wanted me for... so why should
you be any different. I think the best...um... y'know... compliment any guy's
ever given me is that I'm a good cocksucker....ummmm...mi-mister? speakin' a'
sucking... d'ya think we could...I mean... I could... before I start telling ya
stuff... ohshit... can I suck your cock maybe?... after my shower 'course...I'm
fuckin' disgusting right now... but before we...'y'know...start 'n all?"

"Why the sudden interest in sucking my cock, Jamie?"

"S'not sudden, I been... kinda...I dunno... thinkin' about that... y'know,
sucking you?... since... I dunno... long time ago... I think I was maybe 14 or
15... see, Jody was talkin' 'bout...y'know...you 'n her 'n all? Jody said...
told me kinda... I mean... is it true you can cum...like... 4 times in one
night? 'n that...um...well, she said...I mean...that you...like...squirt a whole
bunch of stuff... y'know... sperm every time?"

"Most of the time, if the toy I'm playing with is good enough."

"Oh I am... good enough that is... I guess... that's what a lotta guys have told
me... s'bout all I'm ever good for... that's what they said at least... 'cept I
gotta... like... warn you of something? I uh... like... whenever a guy
squirts... y'know... in my mouth 'n all? I try to swallow it... I really do...
but sometimes... not always... but once in a while, if the guys really squirts a
lot... or if he's got his cock... like... way deep in me... y'know... past my...
um... like way far in my throat?...I dunno... I just puke... a lot... like...
all over the place 'n stuff... 'n I never know before... it just... like...
happens."

"Well, if that happens with me, I'll just have you clean it up..."

"OK... I mean... that's fine..."

"...with your tongue."

"Oh."

"OK. Take your shower. I'll be waiting in the other room. Oh, and Jamie?"

"Huh?"

"Keep your fingers out of that slimy hole between your legs except to wash it."

"Ok."

*************************************************

"Wow! That's a really cool shower! I... what's wrong, mister?"

"Come here Jamie."

"What? What I do now?"

"Stand right here, slut, right in front of me. Closer!"

"Whadidoo, mister? What?"

"Fine, now move just a little bit to your left. Good, now spread your legs...
wider... wider, slut! Now put your hands on my shoulders...good. You move those
hands off my shoulders by even an inch and I'll strap you on that fucking
machine and leave you there with the "shocker" on full for the rest of the
night, you understand?"

"Uh-huh...but I don't..."

"You fucking jerked-off in the shower, didn't you?"

*SILENCE*

"LOOK AT ME! DIDN'T YOU?"

*SILENCE*

"yeah... how did you...?"

"I didn't. Not until you just told me."

"Oh...shit... now what?"

"Look into my eyes... don't you EVEN think of looking away! Now what,
Jamie-slut? Now I bring my knee up...UUUNGH!"

"AWWWWGGGG!...ohgodohgod nomisterplease...AAAAAWWWNNGGH!... ohpleaseohplea-
GGGGUUUNNGGHHH!... please I'm beg- WHHHOOOOFFF!

"Had enough?"

"YESyesyes...nomorenomore...I'llbegoodbegood..."

"At least you kept your legs spread. Let me see. SHIT... You're fucking sloppy
again... If I keep kneeing you, you're just gonna cum... Fine, get back on that
thing. I'm gonna check on something."

"Ok mister... look... see? I'm being good! ohhhhhhhshhhiiiitt...
ow-ow-ow-owww..."

"Shut up, cunt. I want to hear this."

*click...whiirrrr...click*

********...compliment any guy's ever given me is that I'm a good cocksucker....
ummmm...mi-mister? speakin' a' sucking... d'ya think we could...I mean... I
could... before I start telling ya stuff... ohshit... can I suck your cock
maybe?...******

"Hey, that's... that's me... from before... inna bathroom..."

"No shit. Remember the transmitters we're wearing, moron? I just wanted to make
sure they were working."

"Gawd... it's weird... I mean... like... hearing my own voice 'n all? s'pecially
talkin' 'bout stuff like that..."

"Well, before the night's over, I plan to have a couple of hours of you talking
about "stuff like that."

"yeah... I know... ummmm... mister? d'ya think maybe... I mean... gawd this is
sick... shit... d'ya think maybe I can...like... have a copy...'y'know... fer
myself?"

"Whatever for, Jamie?"

"Fer when... wait... let me say this right... is this thing... like...on now?"

"On and recording."

"OK... lemme see... OK... I wanna copy so's I can play it when I lay in my bed
at night, all naked 'n stuff, with my legs spread all wide, 'n... like... fuck
the shit out of my own slimy, sloppy hole with anything I can get my hands on!
How's that? gaawwddd... this thing feels goooood up inside me...
Soooo...hhmmm... can I, mister?... have a copy?"

"We'll see how things go tonight."

"OK... I'm reh-ready, mister... what dya want to know?"

"First...stop fucking yourself on the dildo until I say you can. Good."

"Mister?"

"What?"

"Ummmm... ok... since you won't let me... like... suck you 'n all? Can
I...maybe...like...touch you 'n stuff while I talk?"

"No...too distracting... later, slut."

"shit...ok."

"Now...first question..."

******************************




Part Four

"OK, slut, first question. How'd you lose your cherry?"

"Um... well...d'ya mean when was the first time a guy...y'know... did it to
me?...fucked me 'n all? cuz that's not how I lost my cherry."

"OK, so how did you lose it."

"Um... onna bedpost..."

"What?"

"Well... um... see... I started... y'know... jerking-off 'n stuff when I
was...like... 10 maybe? 'n pretty soon I was doing it... y'know... a LOT... I
mean really a lot... like every day. First I was just using... y'know, my hands
'n fingers 'n stuff? Then I... well... um... my mom... she bought me 'n Jody new
beds y'know? I think maybe I was almost 11. 'n these beds... they had these...
like...posts sticking up... like... at the corners? 'n one night, when Jody was
sleepin' over I tried...um... shit... this is fuckin' embarrassing... anyway...
I kinda sorta... um... sat on one, y'know? 'n put it...like...up in me, y'know?
But I musta slipped or somethin' cuz all of a sudden it was... like... WAY up in
me... 'n when I looked down...y'know... between my legs... there was like...
blood running down the post. I fuckin' freaked. But I couldn't even call for...
y'know... help 'n all. I mean... can you imagine? My mom comes runnin' in 'n
there I am, fuckin' naked 'n impaled on the fuckin' bedpost like some... I
dunno... "Jamie-sicle" or some... What? Yer laughing..."

"Don't worry about it, Jamie. Just keep talking."

"Ok... I managed to get myself back off uh the post 'n..."

"WAIT! Jesus, you just can't stop playing with yourself, can you, slut? Here.
Where are they? OK... Here, give me your hand..."

"What are you...? Hey! Oh no... oh c'mon!... no, please mis... not handcu-..."

*click*

"WAIT... don't... OK? I'll stop..."

*click*

"...shit..."

"Now go back to what you were saying."

"Shit, mister... can't I... I mean... didya have to cuff my hands BEHIND my
back? I mean... it's like... really tough to keep my balance 'n stuff. Plus how
my gonna... um... like... when you let me...' y'know move 'n stuff... I
can't..."

"You forgot, Jamie. Here, let me remind you... hmmm... "2" ought to do it."

"OHHHHH... yyyyyyeeeaahhhh... oh yeah mis... HUH? WHAT THE...? YOU STOPPED!
DON'T STOP! DO IT! MAKE IT FUH-FUCK ME! plleeeeaase...?"

"Later. IF you get back to answering the question."

"WHAT FUCKING QUEST-UUNNNGHH! NO! NO I'M SOR... UUNNGHH!...uuhhhhh..."

*SILENCE*

"If you're stupid enough to forget a question I asked less than five minutes
ago, ask me nice. I slapped you twice for yelling at me this time. Next time it
will be four times, understand, slut?"

"Uh-huh. I'm sorry, mister... I really am... I mean... hey mister? Can Caitlyn
like... hear us? I mean... that would really be emba-"

"No. She's asleep upstairs on the other side of the house, and I've more or less
sound-proofed this room especially for gutter-sluts like you. Now, do you need
me to remind you of the question?"

"Ummm... yeah...kinda..."

"I asked you when you lost your cherry and you told me that cute little tale
about becoming a *ahem* "Jamie-sicle."

"Oh yeah... wel..."

"Wait. Before you go on. You said you were jerking-off every day?"

"Uh-huh... pretty much... sometimes a coupla times a day..."

"Jesus. You've been a slut longer than I thought. I thought it was Bud that made
you into a slut. Shit, you already were one before he ever fucked you."

"...I guess..."

"So what did you think about when you were finger-fucking yourself?"

"Well... um... I read this book... for school, y'know? It was "Treasure Island."
Didya ever read it?"

"Several times."

"Well... this kid gets like... kidnapped... by these pirates, y'know?"

"I remember, go on."

"Well I started thinkin'... when I was... y'know... jerking-off 'n all? I
started thinking 'bout if it was me that got kidnapped 'n if they took me far
away to some... like... island... 'n then made me get all naked 'n stuff 'n then
they kinda... y'know, did it to me... fucked me 'n stuff? 'n there was a bunch
of them 'n they just kept fuckin' me 'n fuckin' me over 'n over... 'n sometimes
they even fucked me in my buh-buh-butt too 'n in my muh-mouth... 'n they heh-hit
me a lot 'n...'n... fuh-fucked me 'n fucked me 'n fucked muh-muh-me... mister...
please? Jus once, please? couldya turn that thing on jus for one ti... ohhhhhhh
ohyeah...ohyeah... oh thank you, mister... ohyeahohyeah oh-OH-OH..."

"Don't forget to tell me..."

"yeah-yeah- I wi... I wuh-wuh-WILL NOW MISTER! NOW! I'M CUH-CUH-CUH...WATCH ME!
SEE ME! LIS-LIS-LISTEN TO ME! EVERYBUH-BUH-BUH-DEEEE!
CUH-CUH-CUH-MUM-MUM-MUMUMUMUMUM-EH-EH-EH-NGNGNGNG!"

*SILENCE*

"God..."

*SILENCE*

"I've NEVER cum this many times. fuuuck... can I...*ahem* can I ...like... have
a drink?.... thanks... jesus... ok... *ahem* OK... wuh-was that ok?"

"Not bad. How's your hands? I saw your arm muscles straining to pull them
apart."

"They're OK. They hurt some, but it's kinda sorta a... like... good hurt,
y'know? I was doing what I ustah when I was little. Sometimes I would lay on my
hands 'n pretend that they were... y'know... tied?... 'n I couldn't pull 'em
apart. Gawd... it's weird... I haven't thought of that fantasy in... like...
forever. But when I was telling you about it, it was so clear it was as if it
was... like... yesterday er somthin... weird, huh?"

"Definitely."

"OK... um...d'ya wanna... like... keep going now? I mean... this is kinda neat.
It's a lot funner than I thought it would be."

"OK. You told me how you actually lost your cherry. When was the first time you
let somebody stick their dick in you?"

"Ummmmm... lemme think... oh yeah... it was some guy at a playground... but he
didn't fuck me... well... I mean... he didn't fuck me in my pussy... he made me
suck him 'n then he fucked me in my mouth... is that OK?"

"Go ahead."

"OK... ummm... I think I was 12. It was the summer between 6th 'n 7th grade, I
think. There was this big park not too far from my house. I remember I was
wearin' a dress but I don't know why. I hate dresses, always have. OK... so in
this park there was this one part that was kinda... what's that word...?
secluded... that's it... it was secluded 'n it was surrounded by bushes 'n
trees. There was some... like... swings 'n stuff?... y'know... kid stuff... so I
almost never went in there. But this one day it was closed off fer... I dunno...
construction er somethin'... 'n there was this... like... tape or rope maybe...
around the trees so's nobody could go in. Well... you could go in but the tape
or rope or whatever had signs on it saying to stay out 'n stuff. 'n one day I
was walkin' by 'n I seen the signs 'n..."

"Let me guess. You decided to go in there and jerk-off."

"Yeahhhh... jesus, mister... how do you know all this stuff about me?
s'creepy..."

"It's not hard, Jamie-slut."

"Hmmmm... thas another weird thing, mister... when you were calling me that
before, y'know?... I really, really hated it. But noooowww... I think it's kinda
way-cool... 'n it makes me all warm 'n squishy in my cunt. Why do ya think...?
waitaminute... let ME guess now... lessee... I like it now becaaaauuuuse...
because I... because I've like... accepted... like... deep down... that I really
AM a slut, y'think? gaaaawwwwd... saying that really made me leak..."

"Close enough, slut... go on with your story."

"OK... hmmmm... gawd I wanna fuck myself on this thing... jesus... anyways... I
was sittin' on the swings 'n there wasn't nobody around at all 'n pretty soon I
had my underpants down around my ankles 'n I wuz rubbin' my pussy-hole 'n
gettin' all turned on 'n wet 'n slimy 'n stuff. 'n then... 'n then... then I
heard this voice holler, "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?" Man, I freaked. I
reached down to grab my underpants 'n the voice said, "DON'T MOVE!" so I froze.
I looked up 'n saw this guy lookin' at me 'n I thought...oh shit. So he...
like... walks up to me 'n I'm bent over holdin' my underpants 'bout halfway up
my legs 'n he says something about I'm in big trouble. So he hollers at me a
bunch 'n I don't remember it all but I ended up on my knees in the dirt with him
rubbin' his cock all over my face 'n stuff... 'n then he made me open my mouth
'n stuck his cock in it... 'n I'm all gagging 'n stuff 'n he starts... like...
shovin' it farther 'n farther until it's like... past my mouth 'n way in my
throat. He grabbed my head 'n just started fucking my throat over 'n over 'n I'm
squirmin' 'n gagging 'n choking 'n he just kept fucking my face for a really
long time. Then he like... grunted 'n pushed really hard 'n my face got all
flattened against his belly 'n his cock was like... buried in my throat,
y'know?"

"Another 'Jamie-sicle' I guess."

"huh? oh yeah... oh NOW I understand what was so funny from before. "

"So, what were you thinking while all this was going on, Jamie? You are able to
actually think when some guy has his cock buried in one of your slimy holes,
aren't you?"

"'Course I can think... well, mosta the time, anyway... I mean... there was a
coupla times when I was... when some guys like... when a buncha guys took me
someplace, y'know? I mean... TOOK me... like... when I fer sure didn't wanna
go... 'n they... like... kept me there... one time fer umm... three days, I
think... 'n another for more than a week... 'n the whole time they had me I
was... they made me stay all naked the whole time...'n I was...like... gettin'
fucked 'n all almost all the time... 'n... ohfuck... 'n I cuh-couldn't stop 'em
'n they kept... 'n I just had ta take it 'n take it 'n tuh-take... I think I
better tuh-tell you about that luh-later..."

"STOP FUCKIN' YOURSELF SLUT! NOW!"

"hmmmm... wha...? ok, yeah, jus... UNNNGGGGHHH! UNNNGGGHH! UNNGH! UNGGH!"

"I SAID STOP IT!"

"OK! OK!"

*SILENCE*

"jesus, mister...nnnnnn... gawd... I mean... if yer gonna...like... hit me like
that... can't ya let me...y'know... finish at least? I mean... if ya'd hit me
just oonnnneee muh-more tuh-timmm-muh..."

"Well, shit.. if the only thing slapping you does is make you want more
slapping, then I guess I have to..."

"AAWWWWGGGGHHH!...no-no-no-no..please mis... AAWWGGGGHHH! SHITFUCK! OK! OK! I'M
STOPPED, ALRIGHT? SEE?"

*SILENCE*

"Jesus... fuck... that hurt... mister?... are you sure that shocking thing
doesn't... like... damage me inside?"

"Yes I'm sure. Now, are you going to keep trying to fuck that slimy hole of
yours with the dildo or get back to your story?"

"OK. I'll get back... um... mister?... um... I kinda... um... forgot... what was
I talkin' 'bout?"

"You were about to tell me what was going through that useless little brain of
yours when...

"Oh yeah... when the guy was fucking his thing into my face... ok... gawwwd..
that fucking shock thing still hur... NONONO... DON'T DO IT AGAIN! OK? I'm bein'
good, mister... ok... ummm... Wellllll... like I said, I don't remember HOW I
got on my knees 'n all, but I remember thinking I hadta do a good job at...
y'know... suckin' him 'n all? cuz... gawd... I'm soooo close...cuz um... cuz if
mom 'n Bud ever found out I was... y'know, jerkin' off 'n stuff right in the
park... then he started... like... the guy in the park, I mean, not Bud... the
guy started fuckin' his thing... like... WAY deep... past my mouth 'n inta my
throat 'n I wuz ohhhhh jesus... I wuz... like... freakin'... for a while... then
he told me how to... like... breathe when he pulled back 'n stuff... 'n
that...'n that worked ok for a while but then he gruh-grabbed my head really
hard 'n started like... jerking me around 'n fuckin' my throat really really
hard like... ohuhuhuhuh...'n I was on my knees in the dirt 'n all helpless like
'nnnnnnnn he wuz-wuz fucking my face 'n I wuz... uhhhhh I wuz... jus a little
girl only 12 'n he was all grown up 'n fuckin' me in the... in the...oooohhhh I
wuz... 'n heeeee... huh-huh-huh-ohgodohgod...muh-mis-tuh-erer... I'm uh I'm
uh...CUH-CUH-MMMMMINNNNGGGG!"

"Jesus Christ, you're doing it again. Here..."

"AAAWWWWWGGHHH! ohgodohgod mis... AAAAAHHHHHGGGUGUGUG! CUH-CUMMM-MUM-MIIINNGG!
TURN IT ON, MISTER PLEEASSSE? TURN IT ON TURN IT ON MAKE IT FUH-FUCK ME FUH-FUCK
ME FUCKME FUCKTHESLUT FUCKJAMIE SUH-SLUTJAMIESLUT I'M BEGGING MISTER! TURN THE
GODDAMNGODDAMN MOTHERFUCKINGCOCKSUCKINGTHINGONONON! TURNITALLONALLONALLON!
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE!...OHYES OHGOD...YESYESYESYESYES TURN IT ALL ON
EVERYTHING...FUCKME MAKEIT FUCK ME YESYESYES...'N THE EGGGGG! OHGOD EVERYTHING
MISTER MAKEIT SHU-SHU-SHOCK ME SHOCKME! OHHH! I... AAAAAWWWWWWGGGGGHHH! YES
MISTER! AGAIN! PLEASE AGAIN! AAAAWWWGGGGGG! BBRRRRRIIIBIBIBIBIBIGUGUGUGGUG!
guh..."

*SILENCE*

"Fuck. Caitlyn is never going to believe this."

*SILENCE*

"Jamie."

*SILENCE*

"Jamie...wake up!"

"uhhhnnnnn... wha...?... oohhhhhfffuuucccckkk... wha happened?... Why am I...
jesus...why am I on the floor?"

"You fucking came so hard you were convulsing. You threw yourself right off the
machine."

"I did...? ...fuck... I don't fucking remember..."

"At the end, you were begging me to shock you."

"I was...?"

"You were."

"...'n did you?"

"Oh yeah, twice."

"...fuck..."

"I think this would be a good time to take a break."

"...ok... um... can we...maybe...um...like...do some more after?"

"Jesus... you ARE a 14-carat gutter-slut. Yes, Jamie, we can do some more."

"...cool..."

"But after watching your little show, I think I might just have to use one of
your holes to masturbate with and empty my balls into."

"Ohhhhh yessss, mister... please?"

"Which hole do you think I should use, Jamie? Facehole, cunthole, or asshole?"

"ummm... any one you want, mister... all of them... really... mmmmm... gawd I
still feel so sexy 'n slutty 'n filthy 'n nasty... use any hole I got,
mister...s'OK with me... they're all like me... filthy 'n slimy 'n stuff... 'n
really good to squirt your sperm in... I promise... ummm... mister?... can I...
like... pee again? I really gotta go bad."

"Fine. I'll check the tape and when you come back, we'll continue."

"Way cool, mister."

***************************************************




Part 5

"Jesus, it took you long enough. What was that clatter I heard?"

"...uhhhh..."

"What are you doing standing there looking at your feet?"

"...ummmm... wellll... I guess I kinda... um... done somethin' bad, mister."

"Really? And what was that, is if I can't guess."

"Wulllll... y'see... there was this... plunger thing, y'know?"

"You didn't."

"umm... yeah... I kinda did... but I couldn't help it, mister. I mean... you
still got my hands cuffed behind my back 'n... I didn't... y'know... plan on it
or anything... when I went in, I mean... but I wuz sittin' there y'know...
peeing?... 'n I started thinkin'...y'know... about the stuff you been doin' to
me like... um... like hittin' me 'n slappin' me 'n shockin' me 'n... 'n makin'
me say all those bad things about myself 'n... I dunno... I like... tried to...
y'know... touch myself but I couldn't 'n I saw that plunger thing 'n I..."

"You fucked yourself with it."

"Nuh-uh... I mean, I tried to... fuck myself that is... but the thing is...
um... it kinda fell over 'n that wuz the sound you heard... um... mister? Do
you...? I mean... um... I guess y' want me to... um... stand in front of you
again? Like before I mean... um... real close 'n with my legs all spread 'n
stuff?"

"Ahhhh... now I see why the confession. Well, Jamie, what do you think I should
do?"

"Wullll...um... that's how you puh-punished me before when I... um... did it t'
myself 'n all. I mean, like... I don't want you to... really... I don't... I
mean, it HURTS, mister... like... REALLY bad. But... um... sooooo... if that's
what I hafta... I mean... if you MAKE me do it... then I guess I gotta..."

"Well, when you put it that way, Jamie, then I guess that's the way it has to
be. Come over here and get your punishment then."

"...ok, mister... this is jus exactly how I wuz suh-standin' before with my legs
spread 'n all... um... mister?"

"What, you fucking piece-of-dog-shit-slut!"

"...ohhhhhh...um...shit... what was I...? Oh yeah... mister... um... the other
time, y'know? When you did this... y'know... kneed me so hard between my legs in
my...um... cuh-cunt... 'n all? You...uh... I think you did it like fuh---... um
four times I think... does that muh-mean that this time yer guh-gonna like
duh-do it more?"

"HAHA... Oh Jesus... Jamie, you're priceless... a textbook case of the
proverbial "glutton for punishment."

"...huh?... what's a glutton?"

"Never mind. OK... first, stop looking at your damn feet! Look me in the eye.
Good. Now hands on my shoulders! Good. Do you remember what will happen to you
if you move your hands off my shoulders?"

"Uh-huh. You said you'd tie me on that machine 'n turn on the... the...
shu-shocker thing 'n leave...uhhhh... 'n luh-leave me on it all-all
nuh-night...UUUUNNNNNGGGGHHHH! Oh jesus, mister..."

"That's one."

"UUUUUNNNNNGGGGHHH! ohgodohgod... UUUUUNNNGGHHH! OHGAAAWWDD! UUUUNNGGGHHH!
huhuhuhuhuhuh..."

"That's four. Not bad Jamie. Those last two lifted you clear off the floor.
Think that's enough?"

"HUH? NO! NONONONO...I'M BAD, muh-mister... I nuh-need to buh-be punish-ish-duh,
mister... I'm soooo buh- UUUNNGGGHHH! OHYEAHOHYEAH! DUH-DO IT DO IT TO ME!
HARDER! UUUUNNNNNGGGHHHH! OHGOD IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS, MISTER! IT HURTS ME,
MISTER! UUUUNNNNGGHH! HURT ME AGAIN MISTER! HURT ME! UUUNNNNGGGHHHH! OHGOD!
OHGODOHGOD! UUUNNNGGGHH! CUMMING! CUH-CUH-CUMMINGCUMMING AAAAAWWWWW!
UUUNNNGGGHHH! YES! UUUUNNNNGGGHH! UUUNNNGGGHHH! ohhhhhhhhhh..."

*SILENCE*

"Well, it was nice of you to fall to your knees in just the right place,
Jamie-slut. Open your filthy mouth, slut! WIDER! WIDER! ALL THE WAY! Yessss."

"gggllluuurrppp... gggguuuuuugggg...GGGUHUHUUGGLLLUURP!"

"Yes... oh yes... OH GOD! Feel that, Jamie? Feel that cock in your throat?"

"GGGUUUULLLUUGG...GGGNNNNNNGGGUBBB..."

"JESUS... I wish you could see the nice bulge my cock makes so deep in your
throat...yeeessss..."

"GGGGGUGUGUGBBBLLLUUGG"

"Oh that's nice...yess... keep gagging like that...yeah... you're squeezing the
head of my cock with your throat muscles... ohhhhh... ohhhhh... yes... now
struggle... oh yes... running out of air, Jamie? oh yes... I like how you
struggle with your throat and mouth but let your arms stay limp at your sides
like that... don't worry, slut... just a little more and then you can
breathe..."

"GGGUUUGGGGNNNNGGHH...GGUNNGggnnnnn... gggnnnnnuugg..."

"Here we go, bend your head back...yeah... now I can fuck it
HARD...UNG-UNG-UNG-UNG."

"GGLLLUNNGH-GGLLUUNNGH-GGGUNNGGH-GGLLUUNNGGHH!"

"YES...NOW!... OHYEAH...UNGH-UNNGH...TAKE IT... TAKE MY SPERM OHHH UUNMNGH---
MORE! TAKE IT! GGNNGGG ANOTHER SQUIRT! ANOTHER! AAANNND UUNNGHH! ANOTHER!...
uunnngghh... jesus... OK slut, you can breathe now..."

"ggglluupppp...bbbbbblluurrppp GGGGUGUGUGNNNGG!"

"Well I didn't say WHAT you could breathe, did I? Having troubles breathing
sperm? I can see it squirting out of your nose when you choke like that. God,
that's disgusting."

"GGGGNNUUGHHH GGGLUUURRPP...KKKAAWWFFF...KKKAWFFKKKAWFF... uhhhhh...
ohgod...gggluurrrrrpp... kawwfff... fuck...urp..."

"Remember what I said, slut. You puke on the carpet, you lick it up!"

"...oh fuck..."

"YOU BETTER HURRY! HAHAHA..."

********************************




Part 6

"Hey there, slut, did you make it or did you puke all over my bathroom?"

"I made it... it was really hard t' flush cuz of the handcuffs..."

"Are they cutting you? I might be persuaded to take them off..."

"Nuh-uh, mister. They're OK. I mean... they hurt'n stuff but I kinda li-...
ummm... I guess maybe I should wear them for a little longer... y'know... to
help me not... um... play with myself... y'know... jerk-myself-off 'n all?

"Yeah, right, Jamie. Good thinking."

"Look... um... I'm... I'm sorry, mister, really... fer pukin' 'n all? 's just
that... fuck... you like... pumped soooo much sperm in me... y' just kept
squirtin' 'n squirtin' over 'n over... I fuckin' thought you'd never stop... 'n
it was so far down my throat... your cock, I mean... when you squirted. I mean,
fuck... it was... like... one second yer fuckin' my face nice 'n deep 'n all...
'n then...GOOSH!... 'n you started pumpin' all these fuckin' thick squirts of
slimy shit way down in me...all of a sudden my chest got fuckin' all hot inside
from you squirtin' fuckin' sperm way down there... 'n some of it... a lot of
it... went straight down into my stomach... I jus... I dunno... I couldn't help
it I guess. Ever since that first guy in the park... I jus..."

"What about him?"

"... um... didn't I tell you before?"

"Think, stupid. If you had told me would I be asking?"

"...um... I guess not. Wull... that first time I had nooo idea what to expect...
I mean I heard girls talkin' at school 'n stuff... 'n I heard... y'know... Bud
doin' stuff t' Jody 'n all... so I kinda knew but I didn't, y'know? I mean I
heard Jody gaggin' a lot 'n puking 'n shit, 'n I knew about... y'know, sperm 'n
all from the girls at school, 'n how thick 'n slimy it was 'n how it tasted like
shit. But that's like... a whole lot different than when some guy is actually
pumpin' the slimy stuff right into you. So when the guy shoved his thing as far
as it would go down my throat I started gaggin' right away 'n I couldn't stop...
like I just did with you, y'know? It's weird, but I remember he did the same
thing you did just a little bit ago. Like... when you tilted my head back way
far so that my throat was all like... lined up straight, y'know? an' then you
stood over me so that your cock went straight down way farther than it did
before? "

"Yes I know. It was funny as hell watching your eyes bug out and your face turn
purple from lack of air."

"Oh yeah... real funny... ha ha. Wull, anyway... he... the guy in the park... he
did the same thing to me that you did'n then he just started... like... gruntin'
like a pig 'n his cock got really really hard 'n started jerkin' way far down
almost in my chest then he just started hosin' my insides with sperm same as you
did... down my throat, I mean... 'n sometimes I guess it really is kinda like
drinkin' from a garden hose there's so much... only insteada cool water it's
this hot 'n thick slimy shit that tasted like bleach... 'n then it fuckin'
started squirtin' outa my nose same as tonight 'n like it does a lotta times
*snifff* uurrrpp... fuck... yuuccchh... 'n like it's still runnin' outa my nose
now from you... 'n as soon as he stopped squirtin' in me 'n pulled his thing
outa my mouth, I jus... like... puked all over the place. While I was puking my
guts out, the guy just stuck his thing back in his pants and walked away. 'n
that's all I remember about that."

"So, Jamie, how many times did you go back to that park looking for him so he
could do it to you again?"

"What? Are you kiddin'... I mean... "

*SILENCE*

"...Fuck... jesus... how... ? how did you know?"

"Answer the question, slut."

"...A couple... maybe three... but he wasn't there, not ever again."

"What if he had been there?"

"Then... I dunno... I guess I'd a... I dunno... prob'ly let 'em... y'know... do
it to me again... I guess."

"I'm sure you would have. OK, so we covered you impaling yourself on a bedpost
and... oh by the way... you never said. Did that little accident with the
bedpost convince you to find another way to jerk-off?"

"Ummm... well... yeah...'n no, I guess. I mean... I always had more'n one way
to... y'know... jerk myself off...but, um... I kinda kept doin' it that way
too."

"Didn't you think that was a little dangerous? If I remember right, at 11 or
12-years-old, you weren't much taller than my belt. With that bedpost stuffed up
in you cunt, one good fall and the fucking thing might have come out your
mouth."

"Nuh-uh, mister. It was pretty-much safe. See, the thing is, I could always hold
onta the whadayacallit... ohhhh... you know... the thing like a headboard only
at the other end?"

"Footboard?"

"Is that what it's called?"

"Who knows and who gives a shit."

"Wull... um... with all the... I jus thought... um...y'know... the guys that are
gunna listen ta this, I'd like ta..."

"Forget it, slut. Anybody listening to this tape has absolutely no interest in
furniture, unless you're sticking it up your cunt."

"OK. OK... wull I WAS stickin' it up my cunt... the bedpost anyway... that's why
I never fell again when I was doin' it , cuz a the footboard or whatever."

"Weren't you worried about somebody just walking in on you? Or, if was at night,
about Jody seeing what you were doing from the other bed? Or didn't you care?"

"Wulll yeah, I cared. I didn't...like... do that thing every day. Mosta the time
I, y'know, did other stuff. 'n sometimes at night, I'd do it...like when Jody
wuz like... getting' fucked or whatever by Bud in the bathroom or when she was
sleepin' over someplace. Bud sometimes made her sleep over at one of his
friend's house, y'know?"

"Yes, she told me, but, considering most of those times she was getting
gang-fucked all night, I doubt if she did much sleeping."

"Yeah, me neither. Jody wuz always really fucked-up after sleepin' over at one
of Bud's friends. I mean REALLY fucked-up."

"OK. Since you brought up Bud and Jody. What do you remember about him molesting
her?"

"I dunno exactly when it all started, or how. The first thing I remember is when
I was... mmm... 12 maybe? So Jody woulda been about 14. Anyway, what happened
wuz I woke up in the middle of the night 'n seen Bud standin' in the door to the
hallway. The light wuz on and I could see he wuz only wearin' boxers, plus I
could see he had a total boner. Then I seen Jody get up outa bed and I seen she
was like... totally naked, which was really weird cuz she never slept naked that
I could remember. I mean, fuck... she never ustah even want ME to see her with
no clothes on 'n here she was walking right up to Bud totally naked."

"She told me that after he started fucking her, he made her sleep naked."

"Yeah, me too. I mean... she never told me that, but Bud made me sleep naked
too... y'know... later... when he wuz doin' it to me all the time. I ustah hate
it, 'specially when I went back to bed AFTER he fucked me a coupla times cuz I'd
leak all this slimy shit outa me fer like... hours 'n hours after he squirted in
me. So I wuz always like... sleepin' in a big puddle of wet slime allatime. It
wuz even worse when he did it in my... y'know... my butt... cuz then there'd
also be some of my own shit mixed in, y'know? 'n that was like... really gross.
Then it really WAS slimy shit. ummm... mister?"

"What?"

"Can I... um... like... start movin' a little... please?"

"What do you want to move, Jamie?"

"Fuck, like you don't know?... OK! OK! DON'T HI- UUUNNGGGHHH! ohhhhhhh...
UUNNNNGGGHH! ohjesusohgod... mmmmm... sorry, mister... mmmmm... wuh-wait... ok?
jus hang on a sec... ok... ummm mister? here goes... Can I like... fuck myself
on this thing I'm... um... shit...what's the word you used before...?
imp-somthin' "

"Impaling?"

"Yeah... that's it! OK... Mister, can I fuck mysel--- no... not myself... can I
fuck my filthy slimy cunthole up and down on this thing that's impaling me up
inside, please mister? I really want to soooo bad..."

"Well, you didn't quite use the word right, but since you asked so nice, go
ahead... but slowly."

"Slowly... sure, no prob, mister... I... uhhhhhhohhhyeahhhh... I promise,
mister...gggnnnnnn"

"So you're in bed watching Jody walk up to Bud, naked..."

"...uhh-huh... 'n then she 'n Bud went into the bathroom together 'n I thought
'whatthefuck?' So I got up real quiet like and sneaked over by the door to the
bathroom. 'n leaned up real close 'n I could hear Bud say somethin' 'bout "...on
your knees." Then I heard these wet gurgling sounds 'n I pretty much figured out
what was happenin.' I mean... I knew about... y'know... cocksucking..."

"From the guy in the park, right?"

"Yeah 'n from... um...wulll... I kinda sorta let another guy do it to me too...
inna 7-11..."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah... 'n he was also the first guy that... um... y'know... fucked me... in my
cunt, I mean."

"Tell me about that later."

"ok... he wuz... that guy in the 7-11? you talk about dis-gus-ting! Fat 'n old
'n sweaty 'n... OK. OK... later! anyway... the gurglin' sounds that Jody wuz
makin' went on fer a while 'n then I heard Bud gruntin' like... really loud 'n
then I heard Jody all gaggin' and chokin' over and over 'n I remembered what
that was like. 'n then... oohhhh... fuuuuucckkk... this feels nice.... 'n then I
didn't hear nuthin' for a while 'n I wuz just about gonna go back, y'know... to
bed... when I heard Jody grunt a coupla times then I heard fuckin' sounds...
y'know... like... slappin' sounds from when he shoved it all the way up inside
her 'n wet, squishy sounds from Jody's pussy-slime squishing out of her hole...
'n Jody wuz all moanin' and gruntin'... then pretty soon Bud starts groanin'
some 'n I hear... gggnnnn... huhuhuh... I hear... um... Jody start beggin' fer
Bud to pull out 'n not squirt in her... his sperm, y'know?... but he never
listened... I mean... I KNOW that... from when I ustah beg him not to squirt his
sperm up in me but he always did. So then I hear Jody say "nooooooo" 'n I knew
he wuz... ohjesus... huhuhuhu... I knew he wuh-wuz squirtin' in her. That's when
I went back to bed... ohhhh..."

"And jerked-off."

"uhhhhh... uhhh-huhhhhhhhhh... and juh-jerked-aw-off..."

"So did you see Jody come back to bed?"

"mmmm-hmmm...uh-huh... few minutes later she cuh-came in suh-still all naked
wuh-with a towel 'tween her luh-legs 'n weh.... ohhhh... 'n went to bed."

"Were you still jerking-off?"

"uhh-huh... I think... yeah, I wuz, I remem... I... umm... muh-mister? Can you
like... pleeeasse tuh-turn that thing on that's up inside me. Muh-make it
fuh-fuh-fuck me again? Pleeeaasee?"

"Naahhh. I think now would be a perfect time for to show me how good you are at
begging. If you're real good, I might just be persuaded to stick my dick in you
again, this time in that sloppy, disgusting hole you've got between your legs.
What do you think, Jamie-slut? Do you want me to stick my dick in you?"

"OH YES! YES! please-please... do it, mister... duh-do it to me... fuck me,
mister... pleasee? FUCK IT IN ME! no...no... wait...uhhhhhh... not me... not
me... Jamie-slut!... yeah... that's it... Jamie-slut...
Juh-Jamie-the-suh-slut... fuck-your fuckin'-hard'duh-dick-in-Jamie-the-slut...
yeahyeah... she's buh-beggin' you, mister... please, mister, do it tuh-to her...
stuh-stick your dick in Jamie-slut... fuck it in her... in her... suh-slimy
muh-mother-ther-fuh-fuckin' cuh-cunt-huh-holllllleee
pluh-pleasepleasepleaseplease..."

"You've got to do better than that, you disgusting $10-street-whore! You didn't
offer me one fucking thing in return. If I stick my dick in that sewer you've
got between your legs, what will you do for me?"

"ANYTHING...Anything... anything, mister... I promise... I'll do anything you
want, mister... I will... I will... I swear... I swear I will... and you can do
anything to me... anything you want, mister... I won't say no... I won't
reh-reh-resist yuh-you... I won't... I promise... I'll just let you duh-do it to
me... anything... I don't care what it is... jus please, mister, fuh-fuh-fuck me
now-NOW... pluh-pleeeaassee, mister?"

"You stupid fucking piece of dog-shit! I don't want to hear ANYTHING! I WANT TO
HEAR DETAILS, CUNT! GOD, you're so fuckin' stupid! How the fuck do you remember
to breathe? I don't know why I'm wasting my time...forget it."

"I'M SORRRRYYYYY! ohgod ohgod... I'm suh-sorry, mister... ohgodohgod... please,
mister, I'm sooooo suh-sorry..."

"SHUT THE FUCK UP! I don't want to hear you whine and whimper about "sorry"
either... jeeezuz... Look at me, cunt and... I SAID LOOK AT ME!"

"ok-ok-ok-ok...I am... see? OK?...nnnnnnnngggggg... please, mister... I'll be
good... I swear... duh-don't make me go home...pleaseeee... not yet...fuck me
first, ok mister?... please... fuckmefuckme..."

"Hmmmm... the crying and sobbing is a good touch, Jamie-slut. Do you really want
my cock that bad?"

"uh-huh...uh-huh-uh-huh... I do, mister, I do-I do... please, mister, don't take
it away... please? puh-put it in me...stick it in me... fuck it in me... I
neeeed it, I do..."

"Then answer the fucking question, whore!"

"...ques...? ohgod... ohgod... nooooo... not fair... not fair... I don't
re-MEM-ber the quh-question!"

"HAHAHAHA! ohhhhh God... Jamie... you are the most pathetic excuse for a human
being I've ever seen. I've told other girls that the only things good about them
are the holes in their body, but I was just playing. With YOU... it's fuckin'
true... you're worthless, you know that? You're butt-fuckin' ugly, you're stupid
as a post, you look and talk like a fucking little girl... you, Jamie, are
nothing more than a walking, talking piece of warm fucking meat with three wet,
slimy holes in it."

" I know... I know... yer right...ev'rybuh-body says it... I'm fuckin'
garbage... human fuckin' garbage... I knuh-know I don't duh-deserve yuh-your
cock, mister... I'm ohgodohgod... I'm too ugly 'n skinny 'n stupid 'n smelly 'n
slimy 'n... shit, mister, I'm jus disgustin'... umm...'n I... ohgod...nuh-not
fuh-fair... 'n I talk like a baby... suh-so like I suh-say... I know I duh-don't
deserve it but pleaaaasee... will you stick it in me... stick you cock in
muh-me...?... in my huh-hole?... thu-this one? ...my cunthuh-hole?... NO...
no... wait... ferget that... doesn't matter... ah-any hole mister... anyone you
want...OK?... jus pleeeeaassee..."

"ALLLLRIGHT... Alright... jesus... stop fucking crying... God, Jamie! Even Jody,
total fucking dog-slut that she was, never got THAT hysterical. I never SEEN a
woman get THAT desperate for cock. Jesus, calling you a
cheap-gutter-slut-street-whore is giving you WAY too much credit. All right...
fine... get off your "hobby horse" and get over here."

"OK! okokok... thankyou-thankyou...I'm...ggggnnnnuuhh... I'm co... WHATTHE?
HEY... ohshiiitt... OUCH! OWOWOW!...FUCK! FUCKFUCKFUCK!"

"HAHAHAHAHA! ohgod... HAHAHAHA... ohhh shit... What the fuck did you do, Jamie?"

"I wuz getting' offa that fuckin' thing an'... I stepped on one a those wet
fuckin' towels an' I fuckin' slipped in my own mutherfuckin'
slime...GOD-DAMN-ITTT! IT HURTS! DON'T FUCKIN' LAUGH AT ME-UNNGHGHG! no-wait-I'm
UUUNNNNGGGHH! noooplleeasssee, I'm sor- UUUNNNGGGH! UUUNNNGGHH!
ohgodohgod...UUNNGGGH!"

"DON'T TRY TO FUCKING GET UP, SLUT! STAY DOWN! JUST LAY THERE ON YOUR BACK WHERE
YOU BELONG! SPREAD 'EM! SPREAD YOUR LEGS! WIDER! WIDER, YOU PIECE OF SHIT! ALL
THE WAY! NOW KEEP 'EM THERE!"

"oh no... noooo... ohgodnopleasemister... duh-don't kick me... ohgod... not
there...fuh-fuck me there duh-don't ki- UUUNNNNNGGGHH! AWWWWWWGG!
nononono...ohgod...please UUUNNGGHAAAWWWG!"

"SHOUT AT ME? YOU FUCKING SUB-HUMAN PIECE OF WORTHLESS MEAT! SWEAR AT ME? I'LL
FUCKING DROP-KICK YOUR SLIMY CUNT RIGHT OUT THE FUCKING WINDOW!"

"UUUNNNGGHH! AAAAWWWWGGG! ohgodohgodohgod... oh my... oh MY... OHHHH
MUHMYMYMYGGGGAAAWWDDD! CUH-CUMMING! I'M CUMMING! I-I-I-I LOVE YOU, MISTER!
I-I-I-IIIIII-LUHLUHLUHLOOOVVVVEEE YYYYOUUUU!"

"Like I care. Here, you want my dick so bad? Take it."

***********************************




Part 7

"Lie still you stupid cunt! Jesus, it feels like someone turned a hose on you!
You're fucking slimy from your stomach to your ankles. God, it's disgusting.
Let's just get this over with. nnnnggg...uungh...HNNUUHHG."

"HUHUHUNGNGNG! ohgod mister, oh yes-yes-yes-nnnnnnggg HUHUHUGGGNNNN!...
HHHH...hhuhhhhh... huh?"

*SILENCE*

"Wha...? What's wrong, mister?"

"Nothing, Jamie."

"Wulll... how... how come you stopped...you STOPPED... why'd you STOP?"

"Because you never told me what you'd give me if I fucked you."

"Wha...? What I'd give...? no no...nononono...NONONO NOT NOW...LATER, I
PROMISE... I FUCKIN' PROMISE! NOT NOW...FUCK ME NOW! FUCK ME HARD NOW!"

"No way, Slut. Now that I've actually got my dick in you and see up close how
disgusting it is to actually lay on top of you, I want to know NOW what I'm
going to get in return for crawling around in all your filthy slop, not to
mention sticking my dick in this fucking swamp of a cunt you've got."

"GGGGRRRRRR...ohjesus...fuck...fuck... ummmm okok... What'll I give... you can
fuck me... OK... stupid... GAWD I CAN'T THINK!...nnngggggn... I'll suck you 'n
let you fuck me 'n suh-sodomuh-mize me, ok?... from now on, I mean...anytime you
want...forever, mister... for like... the rest of my life, ok?... anytime you
want, no matter what... even if I'm married... I'll sneak over here so you can
fuh-fuck me as much as you want... twuh-twenty-four hours a duh-day, suh-seven
days a week... ummm...ummm... 'n you can huh-hurt me, mister, as much as you
want 'n I won't do noth-anything... I-I'll just luh-let it hap-... just tuh-take
it... I'l just take it. I swear! OK, mister, OK?"

"Are you Joking? Is this some kind of pathetic attempt at humor?"

"What? What's WRONG? TELL ME! What did I do wrong NOW? OHGODOHGOD!"

"To get me to do something to you that YOU want me to do, you offer me a whole
laundry list of things that YOU WANT ME TO DO TO YOU! Jesus Christ, Jamie-slut,
be creative, for God's sake! Don't offer me something that I can get from any
OTHER $10 street-whore, offer me something that ONLY you can do for me. If not,
then I'm climbing back off your sorry excuse for a body and you can get the fuck
out."

"NNNNNOOOOOOOO! WAIT! WAIT! wait... ok... I'm not shoutin' at you...
ok...just... wait a minute, ok? ohjesusfuck... creative..."

*SILENCE*

"God, mister, you're cruel, y'know that? You really, really are, mister. But
it's like... a special cruel... a... I dunno... a "safe" cruel, kinda... but...
umm... but umm the things is... see... I also know that it's an "un-safe" kinda
cruel too, in a way, cuz I never know what's gonna like... like set you off,
y'know? I mean... like right now you feel soooo good on top of me 'n up inside
me 'n all... but still 'n all, I know that any second I could like... say
somethin' or do somethin' stupid or accidently like... shout at you or somethin'
and WHAM! I mean... don't get me wrong... I know umm... I know you gotta,
y'know, punish me 'n all if... when... when I fuck up... 'n it's ok, it really
is... it's just that... I dunno... not knowin' when it's gonna happen is like...
really cruel... but ... umm... it's also like...sooooo cool!"

*SILENCE*

"An'...um... an' I really meant it... um... what I said... before? I
really...really do love you, mister."

"Nice try, Jamie."

"HHGGGNNN... ok...ok... fuck... but I really did mean everything I said, OK?
Even the part about loving you. I really did mean it."

"Fine, whatever."

"Wull I DID!... fuck... how can I be fuckin' creative... wait a minute...
mmmm... maybe... OK, mister, I got one... Here guh...uhhhhhh
ohyeah...ohjeezzz... ungh-ungh...yuh-yeah... ohthasnice... ungh...
ohhhhhmister...wha...?... what the fuck...YOU STOPPED, why'd you STOP?..."

"Just adjusting my position, Jamie. Trying to avoid the worst of your fuckin'
slime you've got all over you."

"Sssuuuurrree you were... anyway I got... what was I...? goddamn you... now I
can't fuckin' remember what I was... you did that on PURPOSE, didn't you? You
fuckin' KNEW that if you started fuckin' me I'd forget my OWN NAME, let alone
any... waitaminute... YEAH! NOW I remember... OK, mister... how's this? If you
fuck me now...plleeeease fuck me now... then, when I go home tonight... well...
um... it'll hafta start tomorrow night... anyway... what I'll do is..."

*SILENCE*

"TA DA!... I'll make you some tapes... luh-like you want, y'know?... thu-that
you can sell to other muh-men... struh-strange men I don't even know. I'll talk
about what Bud 'n all the other guys did to me...
oohhhyeahhmmmmuh-mister...oohhfuh-fuckme...ohhh...oh thas' nice... slowww...
an'... muh-mister? This must be a good answer, huh mister?... huh?...
oohhhhhyuh-yeahh I guh-guess it is... I'll do it, mister, I swear...I"ll
tuh-tell what I let them do to me... all of them... nnnnngggghuhuhu...soooo
mannyy... 'n I just luh-let them... ohhhhjeeeezz, mister...I did... I just let
them all do it to me over... ohhhhhyyeaahh... and over... 'n not juh-just...
y'know... nnnnngggg... nuh-NORMAL kinda stuff, neither... nuh-uhhhhh... suh-sick
shit... cru-crazy shu-shit... din't muh-matter... I juh... ohhhhhhhhuhuhuh...I
just luh-let 'em do it tuh-to muh-me... 'n I'll tuh-tell yuh-you... you an' the
stange muh-men... eh-ev'rythu-thing... I will... I swear... nnnnnngggg... An'
I'll puh-play with myself, fuck myself, fuh-finger-fuh-fuck myself for you while
I tell you... tell you 'n all the guh-guys that are guh-gonna luh-listen to the
tapes... ohgod I'mm cloooosee... while I tell you all what a filthy
disguh-disgustin' street-whu-whore I am... ohgod... l... fuck me
huh-huh-huh-harder, mister...puh-please...?"

"Not yet. Why should I work so hard when I can fuck you nice and slow and deep
like this...nnnnngggghhh... and you can make yourself cum by talking? So keep
talking... tell me what's gonna be on the tapes, slut."

"slut... hhuhuhuh... yeah... ohhhhh I am... I am...ruh-really... ohgodmister...
I mean it, muh-mister... I all-always huh-have been... like... in the
puh-park...'n... ohyeah... luh-like nnnnghuh-huh-huh... luh-like in the
suh-seven-uh-uh-eleven... muh-member whu-when I said I suh-sucked a guh-guy?
another guy? Wuh-wull... I...I offered...offered...guh-guh-guh... I offered to
suck him... if he'd...guh-guh... if he'd give me some cig-guh-cigarettes... 'n
that's not ah-ah-all nuh-neither... whu-when he ga-got muh-me in the buh-back
ruh-room... he... nnnggggughguh... he muh-made me tuh-take off ah-all muh-my
clothes 'n guh-get nuh-nuh-naked...guh-get all nuh-naked ruh-right
ther-...nnnnggggnnnn... there in the suh-store... 'n I DID, muh-mister... I
duh-did... I tuh-took off my puh-pants nnnggggggg.... GAWD... 'n I took...I took
off my-my un-un-underpuh-pants... 'n shu-shirt... I tuh-took off my shirt... 'n
I was ah-ah-allllll nuh-naked, muh-mister oooohhhhhhgodgodgod... all naked,
mister... a luh-little guh-girl nuh-naked 'n suckin' his cuh-cock... I
suh-sucked it, muh-mister... His fuh-filthy fuckin' cuh-cock... 'n he
fuh-fuckin' smuh-smelled, mister... it wuh-was guh-grosssss... but I duh-did
it... fuckin' sluh-slurped eh-it ruh-right duh-down...ohgod...ohguggoddddd...
nuh-nuh-nowwwww... ah-almmmmooss... 'n he fuh-fucked me muh-mister MISTER...HE
FUH-FUCKED-FUCKED ME-ME-ME-ME AN' I LUH-LET HIM LET HIM LET HIM... cumming...I'm
cuh-cumming CUMMMMIINNGGG...GAWWWWDDD I'M-I'M...AHHHHH SUH-SLUTTTTTT! SUUCCH
AAHHH SUH-SUH...CUMMMINGGGGG!....."

*SILENCE*

"...Fuck...."

*SILENCE*

"...You didn't...?"

*SILENCE*

"...Uuuuhhhhh... ohgod... again... yeahyeah... oh jesus... you wuh-want me to
kuh-keep nnnnnnn... to keep talkin'... ruh-right hhhhhhhh...right, mister?...
ok... nnnngggggg... gawd... I cuh-can't fuckin' believe hu-how much this is
tuh-turnin' me on... yer a fuh...ohhhhhh fuh-fuckin' genius... "

*SILENCE*

"Ok... ok... ummmm... Bud... how...bu-bout this fuh-for the tape? I knuh-knew he
wuz... ohhhhhjeeeeezzz... uh... I knew... I fuckin' KNEW... that he wuz
guh-gonna stah-start doin' stuh-stuff to me...suh-sooner er luh-later... I
muh-mean he wuz duh-doin' all kindsa... nnnnggguhuhuh... all kindsa stuff to
juh-Jody... 'n I suh-saw a lot of it so I fig--ohhhhhhggggg... I figured whu-why
not me too... 'n... um...'n my mom knuh-knew tuh-too, mister... that Bud was
fuh-fuckin' juh-Jody 'n stuff... I knuh-know she duh-did... she never said-said
anything but... but ev'rybuh-body knew... it wuz fuh-fuckin' ob... jjjjeeeeeezz,
mister... it was fuckin' obvious... So... so... if my mom, like... knew about
juh-Jody... about Bud fuh-fuckin' juh-Jody all the tuh-time... 'n if she...
nnnnngughgugh...jesusfuck... 'n if she didn't cuh-care... then why...nnnnnn...
why whu-whould she cuh-care about him fuh-fuh-fuckin' muh-me?"

"Good point, slut. Especially...nnnnggg...especially when it's someone as
worthless as you are to begin with."

"Yeah, right... suh-so I knew... 'n I like... wuh-waited fuh-for it... 'n
thought about it... a LOT...mmmmmmnnnhuhuh... 'n at nuh-night... I'd like...
wait in muh-my buh-bed... 'n y'know what, mister? You wanna hear something
really sick? nnnnnngghhh gaaawwwwddd... this isssss sooooooooo coooolll, what
we're doin'... I played with myself, muh-mister... while I wuh-waited to see if
tonight wuz the nuh-night... nnnnnnnggguhuhuh...I puh-played with myself,
mister... and thu-thought about what buh-Bud wuz gonna do to muh-me if it wuz...
'n when he'd cuh-come to the duh-door I'd huh... ohhhhhhhjeezjeezjeez... I'd
hold my buh-breath... 'n I'd... a lotta times I'd even kinda squh-squirt
duh-down there... 'n when he tuh-took-took juh-Jody 'steada... steada me... I
wuz huh-happy...happy 'n all... buh-but I wuz also suh-sad..."

"You were just trying to fight off your desperate need for cock, Jamie-slut.
Looks like... nnnnngg... looks like you lost, permanently."

"...Ohhhhjjjeeeezzz muh-mister... I feel your cock up in me
thru-thobbin'...ohhhhh...'n when it huh-happened... when Bud fuh-fucked muh-me
the first tuh-time, y'know? I...ohhhhhh goddd... yer throbbin' again mister...
you gonna cuh-cum in me mister? Are ya? guh-gonna squirt in me, muh-mister?
uuuuhhhhh... I fuh-feel your cuh-cock wayyyy up inn muh-me an' it's
juh-jerkin'...like...like it's gonna squirt in mee... ohhhhhh... guh-go ahead,
muh-mister... squh-squirt in...ooohhhh...squirt in me... pleaseplease,
mister...spuh-sperm in muh-me, mister... nuh-not on the puh-pill mister... I'm
nuh-not on the pill... if you... uhhhhhhh... if you squirt in muh-me sperm in
me, mister... squirt sperm up in me...you'll guh-get me preg-ohhhhh godgodgod...
DO IT MISTER... OHYESSSS I FEEL IT YESYES THROBBIN' 'n JERKIN' IN... INSIDE
MUH-MEEEE... SQUIRTIN'... OHGOD... IT'S SQUIRTIN' SOOOO HARD SO HARD... SO
MUCH...GOD MISTER YOU'RE STILL SQUIRTIN' SO-SO-SO-MUH-MUCH SPERM IN ME-IN ME!
AAWWWWWWWGGGGAAAWWDDD!"

*SILENCE*

"...Ohhhhhh... fuh-fuck..."

"Jesus fucking Christ, Jamie. God! You fucking disgusting slut... I'm fucking
drenched in your filthy slime... Get your fucking shirt on and get out of
here... you make me sick."

"Oh... OK, mister... ummm... mister? Can I... umm... wull first, can I like...
clean up maybe?"

"Fuck no! You already made enough of a mess around here."

"Ok...ok... that's kinda what I figured... but... there's something else...
umm... I wanna make those tapes for you really bad... but ...um... I kinda don't
have a recorder."

"Why am I not surprised? OK, here... this one is hooked up to the collar you've
got on, so you can have your hands free to stuff up you sloppy hole. Do I have
to show you how to use it?"

"Nuh-uh, mister... I know pretty much how to use it. I'll start tomorrow night,
like I said."

"Fine, whatever... just get out of here."

"Ummm... can I... um... can I like... um kiss you, maybe?"

"Maybe next time."

"Oh... ok...um then I guess... um... good night, mister... an' mister? I really
really do love you... or... at least I love the way you treated me tonight..."

"Yeah, yeah... whatever."

"G'night mister"

"Yeah, yeah... goodnight already."

END

***********************************

UP NEXT: Jamie's Tapes... Tape One... Bud's Toys.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scooby One


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





