BDSM Library - No Hope




No Hope
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A well respected doctor enters into the world of pain and discipline where he meets his perfect partner and together they begin a new journey.
No Hope

I climbed the steps leading from the galley and surveyed the crystal blue waters
that are the Caribbean.  I checked the course to assure that we would pass just
leeward of the Turks and Caicos Islands on our course from Bahama to Trinidad. 
The 65' ketch, appropiately name "No Hope," sliced through the water with
carless abandon.  We were still a week from arrival at Tobago but making good
time and with favorable winds we'd have some time to kill.

"John?" came from Jean's voice somewhere near the aft berth.  "What are you
doing up here?"  Jean asked emerging from the galley?  "Our patient, I fear, is
quite uncomfortable and where on Earth will we ever eat.. That galley is so
cramped anyway."  Jean was as close to perfect as one could come.  A raving
beauty.  Exactly 72 inches tall and 150 pounds she was trim but sported a set of
34 C breasts above a 26-inch washboard stomach and 32-inch hips.  Hear dark
brown hair was always neatly kept.  She rarely let it get longer than shoulder
length. When possible Jean worked out.  A brisk 10-mile run followed by an hour
in the lap pool kept her tone.  The son of a DotCom pioneer I have always been
comfortable in the elite circles.  I attended a private university and their med
school.  I choose my field for obvious reasons. I leaned early that the way to
make serious money was to limit my practice to the very wealthy but to do the
occasional charity deeds in the neighborhood. Working as gynecologist in Florida
I kept 2 offices, West Palm Beach and Miami. On occasion I even would make a
house call.  That is how we met. 

Vivian, a patient of mine, is an eccentric millionheirs.  She is the classic
brat who's daddy and mommy spoiled her.  She grew up with a golden spoon eating
off fine china.  At age 18 her parents were killed in a plane crash in on the
way back from Paris.  I had seen her only twice but her mother had been in
several times.  Several years after her parents deaths Vivian played the field.
A few years of fast cars and fast boys left a string of failed relationships and
a pending arrival.  Vivian came to me pregnant and presenting several different
STD's.  She wanted me to treat her and terminate her pregnancy.  I agreed to
treat her but refused to do the other.  I never had and swore I never would
perform and elective abortion.  She threatened, "I'll just go to one of those
butchers downtown." 

I knew it was a threat but I also new how hot tempered she was.  She'd do it
just to spite me.  She had already gained a reputation around town and was
beginning to be shunned at social engagements.  Out of loyalty to her mother and
the woman she could be, I agreed to perform it.  She asked if we could do it
after hours, siting concerns of privacy.  I didn't have a real problem doing it
after hours and consulted my pocket calendar. We choose the very next Saturday. 
I gave her the pre-op instructions and emphasized that she come sober and clean. 
I encouraged her to bring a friend, someone she could trust and who could drive
her home.  The following Saturday we met at the Palm Beach office at 6 AM.  I
didn't recognize the car but her friend was Maria.  Maria was about 35 and had
been employed as housekeeper by her parents and had stayed on after their
deaths. 

Vivian and Maria followed me into the exam room where Maria was offered a chair
and Vivian was handed a gown to change into.  Maria did not sit but stood beside
the bed looking down at Vivian's feet.  Vivian took the gown and started
removing her clothes.  I excused myself and went down the hall to relieve myself
and get a drink.  Vivian's voice could be heard telling Maria to do something. 
Then several smacks and a small cry came echoing down the hall.  Hurrying down
the hall and into the examroom I was shocked to find naked Maria bent over
Vivian's lap getting the business end of a small riding crop seriously applied
to her red streaked butt checks. "What the hell?!" I exclaimed.  I new all about
S&M and had even attended a staged show, or show I thought.

"Well," Vivian started while standing up, "She can share my discomfort now."  
And with and audible plop Maria fell to the floor crying hushedly. Vivian
reached down and grabbed Maria's hardened nipples between her thumbs and
forefingers and pulled Maria up.  Maria let out a small yelp as Vivian twisted
the nipples to add to her point. "We'll finish this when we get home.  I told
you to be quite!" 

"I'm sorry Mistress Vivian." Maria squeaked out. 

"You will be later!  Now apologize to the nice Doctor interrupting his coffee."

"I'm sssorry, Dr. John." Maria whimpered.

"Maybe we should do this another time.  When, err, everyone is in better
spirits." I thought aloud.

"Non-sense" retorted Vivian.  "I can see your UP to it now!" she said glaring at
my loins.  I had not realized that my male member had reported for duty.  I
hadn't even realized that I found it arousing until Vivian mentioned it.

"Now that we are all somewhat embarrassed, why don't you get up on the table so
we can get this over with?"

"Before we start I want Maria to really apologize to you. Maria! Show him how
sorry you really are."  And with that she crawled over to where I was standing
and unzipped my kakkis and fished my rigid penis from a pair of silk boxers.
Quickly and with skilled expertise she proceeded to give me the best blowjob I
had ever had.  I closed my eyes rested my hands on the back of her head and felt
the smooth stokes has she guided me into her throat with each thrust.  A loud
crack and Maria's frantic head bobbing snapped me back to reality.  Vivian was
not standing, stark naked, just behind Maria.  She was whipping poor Maria's
little ass and began taunting her. "Is that the best you can do, you little
Cuban whore?   He'd better blast his load down your throat in the next 10
seconds or I'll have him ram that dick into your virgin ass!  10, 9, 8" she
began counting and lashing.  I thought I'd blow any second, but I didn't. As
Vivian reached 1 she stopped beating Maria ass and grabbed her by the hair.  She
yanked Maria so hard and fast that my dick actually "popped" as her mouth was
pulled away. 

Vivian sat on the edge the exam table and pulled Maria's face down into her
shaved crotch.  "I'd better cum before he does or I'm gonna cut your nipples
off." Vivian growled.  Acting strictly out of lust I moved behind Maria's
upturned ass and spread her but checks.  I put the head of my penis against her
spincter and grabbed her hips in each hand. I lunged forward driving past her
spincter and ramming my dick into her bowels.  I could hear her muffled cries. 
She was rocked back and for between Vivian and me.  The race was on.  We each
were determined to cum before the other.  Vivian grabbed Maria's sore nipples
and continued to twist.  I started spanking Maria's already red ass.  Harder and
harder I pushed into her and faster and faster I spanked. I could feel my
testicles swell and tighten.  I knew I was bout ready to unload and looked up
into Vivian eyes. Her eyes were afire with lust and passion.  She nodded and I
came.  Seaman began pumping into the void as I withdrew.  Vivian was in the
middle of her climax and had wrapped her legs around Maria's head.  It was as if
she was trying to shove Maria deep into her womb.    Maria began to spasm as
Vivian pushed her to the floor and stood up.  "Are you ready to get this over
with?  Don't worry about her she'd used to that, aren't you whore?"  

"Yes Mistress" Maria squeaked out between gasps and sobs.

The procedure didn't last 30 minutes.  Maria quietly go up stood beside the
table while I worked.  Occasionally Vivian would pinch her nipples or pull at
her pubic hairs.  After I completed the procedure I explained to Vivian that she
would be sore and maybe nauseous for a few days.  She should refrain from
intercourse; strenuous exercise and that she should come to the office in 10
days for a follow-up.  While I was explaining this to Vivian, Maria dressed and
then dressed Vivian.  I walked them from the examroom Vivian casually said, "You
might not want to go out looking like that."  I had never gotten dressed.  I
hurried back to the examroom and got dressed as Vivian and Maria headed home.

I relived that episode all week.  Panic about a scandal first raced through my
mind.  I stood to loose and awful lot.  Next, I questioned if it had really
happened.  The stains on my kakkis were evidence.  I tried to rationalize that I
didn't really want to but simply got caught up in the heat of passion.  Only
over a martini while watching sloop navigate the waterway infront of the
restaurant did I finally accept responsibility and acknowledge my hidden desire. 
I found myself actually anxious for our next encounter, trying desperately to
figure out a legitimate way to get them in the office on a Saturday.  I thought
about calling in sick and then offering to meet Vivian at the office after
hours.    I didn't need to worry about it.  Just as I was finishing my 2nd
martini my answering service paged me.  The text message read, " 9-1-1 Pls Call
Viv C. @" and the number.  I eased outside and dialed the number.  "This is
Doctor Sims."

"I need you to make a house call." It was Vivian.

"I'm just about to eat."

"I need you right now!" she sound worried.

"Is everything all right?"

"No!  Are you coming?"

"What's the address?  I'm on my way."

"Hurry!" and click she hung up.

It only took about 10 minutes to get to the guard shack.  I rolled down my
window and identified myself.  The guard waved me through, undoubtedly knowing
where I was going.  As I made my way down the palm tree lined lane I passed
estate after estate. Finally I came to Vivian's and pulled to the gate.  I
hadn't even stopped the car before the huge iron gates began opening.  I
followed the drive to the main house where a smartly dressed young woman met me. 
"Please follow me." She bayed and turned on her heels and proceeded into the
house.  Her auburn was wound into a tight bun.  A set of thin wire glasses
rested softly atop a thin nose.  She wore a crisply starched white shirt that
was neatly tucked into the waist of a long beige linen skirt.  Only the tapping
of her shoes gave evidence to anything beneath the skirt as she glided across
the marble foyer.  "The Mistress is in her chamber."  She reported without
remark or hesitation.  We ascended a giant staircase that encircled the foyer
and climbed to a height of some 30 feet.  Atop the stairs we stopped in front of
2 doors where Maria stood. 

"That will be all Heather."

"Yes ma'am"

"Please retrieve his medical bag from the car, Heather. It is in the car isn't
it, Doctor?"

"Yes"

"Yes ma'am."

"This way Doctor." Maria said as she turned and opened the doors and then closed
them behind us.  I could hear a soft whimpering coming from behind the doors to
the right.  I could also hear Vivian's voice softly reassuring that all would
be, "all right."

Maria gently tapped on the doors and announced my presence before slipping
through a second set of door now behind us. 

"Please come in." Vivian asked.

I looked at Vivian who held her finger to her lips as to sshush me.  She was
sitting on a giant white Angolan rug softly caressing the auburn hair of a naked
young girl.  The girl had whelps of purple and red from her shoulders to her
feet.   She was curled into a fetal position whimpering softly.  I noticed that
Vivian was holding a slightly bloodstained towel between the girl's legs.  "My
God! What happened to her?" I mouthed.

Vivian startled the girl when she spoke to me.  "She was punished for a very
serious transgression."  Vivian stated as she stood and approached me.  In a
mere whisper Vivian said, "Maria whipped her because she was caught masturbating
and went over the edge when she used the end of a mop to violate her vaginally. 
I'm afraid, Maria has done some damage.  I need you to examine and mend her."

"She needs to go to the hospital.  Look at her." I said excitedly.

"Please step in the other room with me." Vivian said point to an adjacent room. 
As we entered the room she closed the door and said, "Look.  I know this may be
a little overwhelming but I need your help.  I have invested a great deal of
time and money training that little bitch.  I will deal with Maria later.  I
need you to examine Rachel and tell me what you need.  I've already contacted a
plastic surgeon to repair the cuts on her face and body.  Will you help me?"

Somewhat taken back I agreed.  "I'll need to take her to the office.  I don't
have all the supplies I need here."

"That isn't necessary.  Contessa!" She said pressing a small black button on the
intercom.  "Contessa will show you to our examroom.  I will have someone
relocate April there immediately.  Hi, Contessa.  Will you please show Dr. Sims
to the examroom and make sure that he has all he needs and wants?"

"Yes ma'am" Contessa said looking at Vivian's feet.  I turned to meet my
chaperon and was immediately stunned by here beauty.  Here standing before me
was an Amazonian goddess.  If she would have looked up we would have almost been
eye to eye.  I guessed then that she must have been 6'1".  Her long raven black
hair was braided tightly and just reached the small of her back, even with her
head tilted down.  She wore a cupless black leather bra that supported a pair of
huge breasts.  Obviously implants they were about the size of a soccer ball. 
Her nipples were long and hard.  Each one stood out about an inch and a half and
must have been half an inch in diameter.  Around the base of each nipple was a
solid gold band, which kept them rock hard.  Her flat stomach sported a gold
hoop belly button ring.  The only other article of clothing was a small triangle
of leather covering her pubic mound.  I was instantly mesmerized and rock hard. 

"Please follow me sir."  She said turning and without making eye contact. 
Vivian just grinned, knowingly, as I followed Contessa from the room.  We
crossed the above the foyer and entered a small elevator cleverly hidden in a
closet.  It only had two buttons.  Contessa pushed the bottom button and I felt
the elevator begin lowering us.  As the door opened Contessa exited the elevator
and explained. "The door to your right is a changing room. In it you will find a
set of hospital scrubs and a full bath.  The adjacent door leads into the
examroom.  You should find your medical bag on the desk in the changing room. 
If you need or should desire anything else please do not hesitate to ask." 

I looked at this beauty, which remained looking at the floor, and then looked
around.  The hall was non-discript.  It had white carpet and white walls.  At
the opposite end of the hall was a set of double doors.  "What's in there?" I
asked.

No answer.  Contessa didn't budge.  "I'm sorry, I asked 'What's in that room?'" 

Contessa didn't bother answering.  She just stood there looking at the floor.  I
walked to 15 feet down the hall expecting Contessa to stop me or say something
and tried the doors.  They were locked.  I figured that this was going nowhere
and headed into the changing room.  Contessa opened the door, followed me in and
closed it behind us.  The room was something between a Greek Bathhouse and a
hospital scrubroom.  Along the wall to our left was a set of double doors
leading into what I presumed would be the examroom.  Next to the doors was a
sink, complete with foot pedals and sanitizing soap.  Between the sink and the
wall was a butler chair and small clothing rack.  On the rack hung several sets
of scrubs and several terry cloth rubs.  Stacked above the hangers was a row of
thick white full-body towels.   The middle of the room played host to a sunken
whirlpool, which could easily seat two dozen people.  Roman columns diagonally
flanked the tub on either side.  The rose about twenty feet but did not touch
the sky blue ceiling.  Behind the columns on the left was a large glass steam
sauna and to the right was a very large communal shower.  Between the two and
directly behind the pool were several message tables and chairs.  There were
several doors on the right of the door we had entered through.  One was labeled
men, one was labeled women and the third was labeled pool. 

"Would you care to shower before you begin?" Contessa asked while reaching for a
towel. 

"No.  I think we'd better get going.  I don't think Miss Vivian would appreciate
waiting on me." I said half jokingly.

Contessa didn't smile or acknowledge my satire.  Maybe I was too subtle.  She
began looking through the scrubs and asked, "46 tall?"  Without waiting she
pulled a set from the rack and handed it to me.  I was beginning to feel like a
mark.  My exact size and she knew it.  Contessa turned politely while I began
changing. 

I tried to make small talk while changing and scrubbing in. "How long have you
known Vivian?" No answer.  "Are you from Florida, originally?" Still no answer. 
It was as if I was talking to a statue. I wanted to know just how committed she
was as the strong and silent type.  I shifted the water to full cold and held my
hands under the running water until I knew that they would be cold to the touch. 
I left the water running and eased behind Contessa. I gently placed a hand on
either hip and waited for a reaction.  She didn't flinch.  I moved my hand to
her shoulders and pressed down.  She slowly knelt and turned to face me, only
she continued starring at the floor.  "Look at me."  I said.  She stared at my
loins.  "No, look me in the eyes."  She looked up and stared deeply into my
eyes.  Her eyes were a deep shade of blue.  For a moment I was lost.  I didn't
know what I wanted to do.  Pull her up and kiss her passionately, force her to
deep throat me or get on with the business at hand.   Finally, I pulled her up
and scrubbed in again. 

Contessa led me through the double doors into a state-of-the-art operating room. 
Gloved and in a set of form fitting scrubs Vivian stood beside the table on
which Rachel was situated.  Vivian introduced the gowned lady standing at
Rachel's head as, Joann.  "Joann is our resident nurse and a CRNA.  She will be
happy to assist you with what ever you need.  She was just about to finish
prepping Rachel".  Rachel's legs were strapped into the stir-ups which were set
unnecessarily high, extremely wide apart and back at an angle which made Rachel
appear to be really squatting while laying on her back.  Even her thighs had
been strapped tightly to the vertical portion of the stir-ups.  Accentuating
this was the fact that the table made "U" shape, which left everything past the
small of her back unsupported.    A wide strap had been tightly secured across
the top of her chest and just beneath her armpits.  A foam wedge had been lodged
beneath her with the widest portion just at the bottom of her ribcage.  This
forced her body to contort in such a manner that pushed her breasts up while
pinning her waist and shoulders to the table.  Rachel's arms were out stretched
and strapped to IV boards.  Someone, presumably Joann, had started an IV in each
arm.  It was then that I realized that Rachel was also intibated.  She did not
appear sedated but she was definitely hooked up to the respirator. 

"Dr. Sims, if you will please step-aside I will finish prepping the patient." 
In shock I blindly stepped to stand beside Vivian who I noticed was breathing
excitedly.  Joann produced several small trays from the opposite side of the
table.  I watched as she moved between Rachel's legs and applied a rich lather
of shaving cream to Rachel's thick bush. Joann quickly removed all trace's of
Rachel's thick auburn pubic hair and pushed the tray to Contessa began cleaning
it up.  Next Joann removed a Foley catheter and drained Rachel's bladder. 
Rachel had no idea of what was about to happen and struggled a bit as Joann
pushed the long tube into her bladder.  As soon as Joann had removed the tube
she pulled a large rubber dildo that had a bulb pump and a hose coming out of
one end.  I watched fascinated as she did not bother to lube Rachel's anus but
unmercifully shoved six inches into her and pumped the bulb.  I found myself
moving to the end of the table so I could get an unobstructed view.  Turning a
small valve on the hose, Joann said," We are about done.  This will fill her
bowels and prevent her from voiding any waste materials.  We can also administer
certain medicines through it.  As I'm sure you know the bowels will quickly
absorb them."

I looked at Vivian and motioned her over to the side.  "Don't you think that
this is a bit much for a pelvic exam and possibly a few stitches?"

"I've called in a plastic surgeon to repair the damage to her face.  I don't
want any scaring.  While she's here she might as well 'enhance' her a little."
And with that Vivian walked to the table and peered down into Rachel's eyes. 
"Joann, That's enough water for now.  We don't want the little trollop to become
hyperpoxic." 

Joann moved the valve to the closed position and ushered me to a stool no
sitting between the young girl's legs. "If you would be so kind as to dictate
your findings I will promptly record them and enter them into her chart." 

I simply shook my head and began the examination.  "There are multiple
contusions to her labia majoria and minoria. Several small lacerations are
presenting discharge posterior to the vulva and will need sutures.  The vaginal
walls appear to be swollen and irritated.  I can't tell anymore until I use the
speculum."    I removed the speculum from the tray and gently inserted it.  I
started to talk her through the procedure out of habit, "Now you will fill some
pressure." 

Vivian placed her hand on my should and said smiling, "Please spare us your
bedside manner John, I've seen you in action."

I didn't quite know how to take that.  It was either a reference to our Saturday
escaped or a genuine compliment referring to her other visits.  Either way I
took her lead and pushed the speculum in.  Squeezing the handle I spread it as
wide as I could.  The discomfort was evident from the small amount of wiggling
that Rachel did.  I adjusted the scope and light and peered into the damp
redness.  "There is evidence of blunt trauma to the cervix and surrounding
tissue.  There appears to be a 3-cm laceration on the end of the cervix.  It
will need several butterfly stitches to close it.  There also appears to be a
small white cyst on the wall of the cervix.  We should definitely biopsy it."  I
removed the scope and began repairing the damage and took a biopsy of the cyst. 
At the first poke of the needle I became seriously aroused.  Not planning on
this today I again wore boxers, which did nothing to hide my growing erection. 
Rachel tried in vain to squirm around the following needle pokes but she was
securely in place.  As slight moan caught my attention and I looked up to see
Vivian suckling on Rachel's right nipple while she traced around her left nipple
with large needle.  Vivian's pants were down around her ankles and I could just
make out the back of Joann's head.  "Uhmm!" I cleared my throat. "Do you mind? 
It's hard enough concentrating on the task at hand."

"Honey.  We don't mind if you watch.  Rachel isn't going anywhere.  Contessa! 
Please help relieve the stress that Dr. Sim's is experiencing."

With that said, Contessa knelt between Rachel's legs and pulled my pants down. 
She massaged my balls with her right hand and slowly worked my dick in and out
of her mouth with her left.  It didn't take long before I was ready to cum.  But
every time I neared the point of no return she'd pull back.  Vivian was watching
us through Rachel's spread legs. 

"Why don't you fuck this little whore?" Vivian said and shoved the needle into
Rachel's nipple. 

I knew that Rachel would be a great fuck.  He swollen vagina would be tight and
there would be some lubrication from the speculum I had just removed.  Without
another thought I moved Contessa to the side and stepped up onto the lip of the
bed.  In one stroke I sunk myself fully into her depths.  Because of her
position my penis hit bottom.  I could feel the sutures rake the head of my
penis as I pounded her cervix.  I reached between her legs and found her hard
cloritis and rubbed it in series of small circles.  I could see the panic in her
eyes.  She needed to breathe faster but the machine kept the respiration rate
constant.  She needed to scream but her throat was obstructed.  The only place
for Rachel to channel her lust now was through the walls of her speared pussy. 
And channel she did.  I could feel her flexing the walls.  With every thrust she
would try to�hold me in and then push me out.  At the moment of truth I pinched
her little bud with all my might as I shot my creamy load deep into her womb.

As I looked up I was staring into Vivian's eyes.  I could see the sadistic grin
form in her brain and spread rapidly to her face.  "Congratulations DOC.  That
was truly an inspiring performance.  Even Joann had to stop to watch.  Didn't
you like it Joann?"

"Can I be next, Mistress?" was all that Joann had to say.  And I was hooked.  I
knew then that there would be no turning back.  I'd never gaze at a patient
again without lusting for a repeat performance.  Wanting to introduce them to my
world and add them to my list of conquests.  While in the throws of passion I
had failed to notice the arrival of another stunning brunette.   It was the
first time I'd seen Jean in person.  I recognized her instantly from photographs
I'd seen. 

"I'm impressed." She stated looking squarely into my eyes.  "I've been watching
for the past 20 minutes from just inside the changing room."  I felt as though I
was about to blush when I caught her eyes drifting down to my now awakening
penis and then back to my face.  "Now! I'm really impressed.  I'd like to take
credit for that but know that it must be the environment." She said regarding my
stiffening erection.

Dismissing all inhibitions I said, "You can.  It's you not the environment.  He
was aptly content until we saw you."  It was one of those rare moments in life
when you truly connect with someone.  She smiled and I smiled back.  We were
hooked.  In that instance I'd given everything I owned just for a kiss.

"I guess, since I broke it, it's my responsibility to fix." She said with a
sheepish grin.  "But first I think we'd better finish our work, Doctor Sim.  Are
you done?"

"I believe so.  I can treat the rest with some oral antibiotics.  The small
lacerations will heal with time and the sutures are good for a week or so."

"That's great.  Vivian, How are you?"

"I've been better.  This Maria deal has really gotten to me.  I don't know what
I'm going to go with that cunt!"

"Why don't you let me take care of her?  It would be my treat."

"What do you have in mind?" Vivian quizzed.

"I'm not sure, just yet.  Let's make it a surprise!  Now, what is it that you'd
like me to do with this mess?" Jean said pointing to Rachel.

And with all the emotion of a butcher to a hog a the slaughter house, Vivian
said, "Oh let's chisel the stomach, lipo the sides and chin, pack the breasts
full and if it's not to much trouble touch up the facial cuts.  I'd hate to have
her scarring just yet!" she added with a chuckle. 

"OK.  I'm going to scrub in now.  Ya wanna assist?" Jean asked me. 

"Sure, I'll watch you work.  If Contessa is any indication of your talents then
I want to see a master at work."

"You're to kind.  But I'm warning you.  I swing a mean whip and lash a smart
scalpel.  Joann would you ready our patient for surgery.   Viv, how much do you
want her to feel?"

"She's awful young and has suffered enough, almost!  I want her to see and know
what's happening but don't let her suffer too much.  I really have a special
place in my heart for this one."

"You say that about all of them!" Jean retorted while going to scrub in.  I
followed Jean into the changing room and Contessa followed me.  Jean stripped
down to a lacy pair of French cut briefs and a black lace bra. "They're real and
so is this body.  I run 5 to 10 miles a day and swim another 4 to 6.  I don't
digest red meat although I have been known to eat it." She said tongue and
check.  "Vivian's told me your story and I guess you are wondering about mine."

"Well somewhat.  I know you by reputation and we share some of the same
patients.  I've followed your work and that of your parents. I can guess how you
and Vivian hooked up but I just don't know the particulars.  Do I need to? 
Until just recently I would have thought that Vivian was anything but a Lesbian
Sadist." I said while changing into a new set of scrubs.

"Some of the best kept secretes are just that, best kept secrete!  What do you
know about our patient?  That is, other than the obvious."

"I'd say she's no more than 20 and from Australia or New Zealand.  She's not
accustomed to physical labor or doing without.  She had no signs of any history
of trauma, other than Maria's.  I'd wager a bet that she hadn't known to many
men either.  Vivian's broke her and is just refining her now."

"Not bad!  Again I'm impressed.  She's 19, almost 20 and from Sidney.  Her
parents, or should I say stepmother, owns a rather sizeable ranch bordering the
outback.  Rachel was a spoiled brat whose father passed away rather suddenly.  A
heart attack I believe.  At least his heart stopped when her evil stepmother,
Helena, put an ice pick in it.  Anyway, Helena is or was an acquaintance of
Vivian's parents.  Vivian went down to be with Helena at the funeral.  There she
was presented with Rachel.  She was snobby brat whose mother is sailing the
southern seas with a band of wanna-be pirates.  Dear stepmother got dad to
change his will and left everything to Helena except a small trust fund.  The
executor of the trust fund is, as you can guess, Vivian. Vivian played the role
and befriended Rachel and lured her here.  Vivian sailed her here on her Ketch,
No Hope, approximately 6 weeks ago.  There is no record of Rachel entering the
US or leaving Australia.  I believe a fisherman later pulled a bloody shirt from
the ocean and towed in a small dinghy, which belonged to Rachel's father.  A
distraught Helena identified the shirt as the one she last saw Rachel wearing."

I followed Jean back into the operating room where Joann had sedated Rachel and
was draping her body.  Peering into Rachel's eyes I saw a wild look.  She was
obviously aware of what was going to happen.  Jean set to work repairing the
little lacerations on her face. "No one will every see these again.  See that
tiny scar on her abdomen.  That shows that she doesn't scar much anyway."  Jean
then playfully pushed and pulled on Rachel's breasts. "It nearly seems a pity to
change these.  They are nearly perfectly symmetrical.  Her nipples are a bit
underdeveloped but that can be remedied without surgery.  What do you think
Doctor?"

"They look great now, but give her 30 years.  They'll be sagging and won't draw
much attention."

"You men are all alike.  You want a woman to have a large, firm ass, a tiny
waist and huge melons that are rock hard until the day we die."  Jean playfully
said. 

"And women want a clap-on clap-off dick that is 12 inches long and 2 1/2 inches
around."

"Clap-on Clap-off dick?"  She stopped marking the incision lines to look at me
with a puzzled expression.

"Yeah!  You clap and it gets stiff until you clap again and it goes limp."

"Touche!" she replied and went about her business.

"I can see you two are going to get along perfectly." Vivian said as she turned
to leave.  "I have an appointment that I can not miss.  Please assure me that
both of you will stay for dinner and Jean, please make sure that John
understands our house rules." 

"House rules?"  I questioned but Vivian was out the door and closing it behind
her.  I saw Joann glance at Vivian and then back to the monitors.  "Well! Is
somebody gonna explain this to me?"

"Don't worry about it.  I'll explain as soon as we finish with young Rachel."
Said Jean.  I watched Jean make several small incisions around the base of the
right breast and then a larger incision just above the navel. "We will insert
the bladder through this opening and push it into place in the breast.  There we
will secure it to the muscles through the smaller these incisions. Joann, How's
she doing?"

"Her heart rate is a bit elevated, but BP is steady."  Joann replied as she
moved to arrange a mirror so that Rachel could watch Jean at work.

"Next we'll fill each bladder to the desired size and then add the catalyst."

"Catalyst?" I interrupted. "I know that I'm not a bonified surgeon but what the
hell do you need a catalyst for?"  And with that I could see Rachel's eyes
strain open wider.

"Did you not see Contessa?"

"Yeah. I saw her.  She has a massive set of breasts."

"Well she should.  But there is only two ways of getting breasts to look that
good at that size.  First you insert a regular bladder and pump it full of
saline or silicone.  And to get them looking that good, they have to be pumped
full.  Very full.  As they age the become troublesome.  The seams give way and
they tend to leak.  Or worse break.  And in this environment they tend to break
faster from the extreme nature of the physical activity.   But by adding this
catalyst, the saline solidifies, somewhat, and produces a much more durable and
safer product.  The only drawback is that removal necessitates a radical
mastectomy."  And with that said Jean began pumping the two breasts up. 
Rachel's breast began to swell.  "Please note that the bladder is not under the
muscle entirely.  It extends into the breast sack.  That is why we removed some
of the breast tissue.  As the bladder fills it both enlarges the breast and
shapes it."  I watched as Rachel's breasts swelled to the size of medium
watermelons. The skins became very taunt and veins were clearly visible. "There
that is 3 liters in each.  What do you think?"

"I'm amazed.  Why isn't this technology being used in practices around the
world?"

"No silly.  What do you think of them?  Bigger?  We can add another litter in
each. Now remember, they'll get a little bigger a lot more firm when we add the
catalyst."

"Well, As much as I like really huge breasts I'd say let's fill'em up.  But
there comes a point when it becomes absurd.  I'm just not sure where the line
is.  How do they compare with Contessa's? Volume wise that is."

"Contessa, please come here.  Did you feel them?"  I just shook my head no as
Contessa stood before us.  "Be a sugar and take off that bra.  Now massage your
breasts."  Contessa obeyed without pause.  She began rubbing and squeezing her
large breasts.  " That's it lift them up and let them fall.  See how they fall
but don't bounce.  Notice the depth of the softness yet their rigidity. 
Contessa has a much larger frame than Rachel.  She is carrying 3 liters in each
bladder."

"Well.  I say that we leave Rachel at 3."  As I said this I looked down at
Rachel whose face registered this a look of disbelief. 

"Darling, why don't you go sit in the spa while I finish my work.  The rest is
not very glamorous and won't take me too long.  I'll join you as soon as I'm
finished here.  Joann will follow her through post op care.  Contessa. Be a doll
and take care of Dr. Sims."

"If you'll please follow me." Contessa said as she reached to retrieve her
leather bra and walked towards the changing room.  "Would you care from some
lemon grass extract in your spa today?  Dr. Jones usually takes some."

"Sure why not."  I said as I began to disrobe and headed for the shower.  Again
out of courtesy, Contessa turned away I made my way to the giant marble shower.
It looked to be about 10x7 and must have had 40 showerheads.  I looked at the
complex series of gauges and was about to turn around when I felt Contessa
behind me. 

"If you will allow me?" She said as she stepped past me and into the shower.  I
noticed that she had removed her panties revealing yet another stubble free
vagina.  "How hot do you like it?' She asked.

"Steamy!"  I grinned in reply and finally I saw a faint hint of a smile cross
her lips. 

"I'll set it at 106.  We can adjust it from there.  How many heads do you want
on and how much pressure?"

"I just wanted a shower before I get into the whirlpool. You choose.  You've
done everything else right today." And again I saw a faint smile.  As she
adjusted the shower, six heads enveloped me in a steamy mist.  One from each
direction.  Contessa removed a lufa sponge from it holder and lathered it up
with a gardenia soap.  I put my hands on the wall in front of me and leaned
forward and Contessa scrubbed my back, legs and arms.  She traded the sponge for
a soft hand mitten an genteelly cleaned my privates.  The attention caused my
penis to swell to my embarrassment.  "Damn thing has a mind of it's own.  It
always want's to come out and play."  I said to make myself feel more
comfortable.

"Would you like me to take care of it? She said, already sinking to the floor.

I thought about it and then thought about Jean in the next room.  I didn't know
how many times I'd manage to be able to get an erection and orgasm in one day.  
"No.  But I sincerely appreciate the offer."  I said as gently pulled her up. 
She turned exiting the shower and offered me a robe.  "No thanks I think I'll
just head for the whirlpool.  No need dirtying anything else." She openly smiled
and I guess she could see the bachelor in me.  Although I had someone to do my
laundry it just seemed wasteful at times to change or use something like a towel
once.  I walked through the pillars as sank down into the water.  The aroma of
the lemon grass and the action of the water seemed to melt my cares away.  Then
Contessa moved in behind me and started massaging my neck and shoulders.  "God
this must heaven."  After about 10 minutes I slowly turned around and looked for
Contessa's eyes but she avoided contact.  I gently I held her face between my
hands and gazed into her eyes.  "Where are your wings and halo?"  I didn't wait
for an answer but began a deep and passionate kiss.  My hands began exploring
her body.  Her breasts were incredible.  So soft to the casual touch, yet firm
beneath.  Her nipples grew to rock hard nubbins.  I moved my hand down between
her legs and search for her button.  Finding it with ease I began slowly rubbing
it.  As we continued to kiss her breathing became labored.  She began fondling
my cock and balls.  Suddenly without warning she pulled away. 

"How about moving to a massage table?"

"Sure I replied."  I mounted the table and laid on my stomach.  It took me a
second to adjust myself.  Contessa carefully draped my lower extremities with a
large warm towel and began massaging my upper back and neck with a lemon grass
oil.  I must have drifted off to sleep.  I awoke to the sound of muffled cries. 
I must have been asleep for sometime.  A pool of saliva had formed beneath my
check and my arms tingled, as they were asleep.  It took me a minute to snap out
of the hypnotic state I was in.  I tried to lift myself from the table but my
arms did not want to cooperate.  I gave up and rolled over and sat up.

"Ahh, the valiant knight awakes from a deep sleep.  Rested, rejuvenated ready to
conquer." It was Jean's voice sing in my ears.  I followed her voice to where I
was sure she was and slowly opened my eyes.  Jean was relaxing in the spa her
arms outstretched over the edge and a martini glass in her right hand.  "Did you
have a good nap?"

But my attention was drawn to the soft muffled sounds of crying.  Hanging from a
set of shackles suspend form a column was a freshly whipped Contessa.  Bright
red lashes crisscrossed her torso.  Her two breasts and her pussy were bright
red.  She hung her head down starring at the ground. Sweat stuck her hair to her
skin wherever it laid. She did not move much only to shift her weight from side
to side.  As I looked closer I saw that her feet weren't quite touching the
ground and I could just make out a light humming sound coming from behind her. 
As I eased from the table and wrapped the towel around me I move to make a
closer inspection.  An arm protruded perpendicularly from the center of the
column and disappeared between her legs.  The bar was just over 3 feet from the
ground but just high enough where she couldn't reach the ground.  As I looked
between Contessa and the column I saw that her back and ass had not been spared. 
I also observed 2 dials on the arm.  The smaller of the two had 'Temp' stamped
on it and the larger had "Stroke" stamped on it.  Following the arm out I saw
that it turned up at 90 degrees and disappeared in Contessa's ass.  There was a
small trickle of a clear fluid forming a pool on the ground beneath the arm. 
Reaching down I dipped my forefinger in it and moved it against my thumb.  It
was some type of lubricant.  I slowly brought it to my nose and immediately
recognized the three distinct smells.  Cinnamon oil had been mixed with a
low-grade olive oil to use as pain inducing lubricant.  The third smell was
simply shit.

Somehow the machine was pumping a small amount of the Cinnamon and olive oil
mixture into Contessa's rectum.  No doubt to act as a lubricant for whatever was
pumping away in her.  This explained the sounds, smells and her sweat.  She had
to be on fire inside.  "See the big dial labeled, 'stroke?" Jean called out. 
Turn that from 2 to 6. Please. And then come and join me."  As I moved the dial
slowly toward the 6, the humming changed and Contessa began squirming about even
more. As I made my way to the spa I went to drop my towel but it hung on my
stiff cock as if it were a towel hook.  I noticed Jean as she tried to stifle a
laugh but couldn't.  "I didn't realize that had more than the obvious purposes. 
I've been thinking about remodeling my bathroom and I've just decided what theme
to use."  As I began descending the steps into the spa Jean stopped me just
short and moved to push me back onto a pile of robes and towels.  "Let's not
waste this one," she said eyeing my rigid cock. "I've been anxiously waiting for
you to wake up." She stood and began moving towards me.  She pulled a small
vibrator from between her legs saying," A Go Anywhere waterproof girl's best
friend." She tossed it back into the water and to me into her mouth.  As she
slid her lips up and down the length of my cock I realized that I might be in
over my head. 

The girls I usually dated were talented.  That first Saturday, Maria and put
them to shame.  Now, Jean made Maria appear incompetent.  She used her tongue to
dart around my shaft and tease the end.  She varied the suction intensity and
would take me down her throat and swallow repeatedly.  While she impaled her
throat she licked my scrotum and gentle massaged my sphincter with a finger. 
Probing at it but never really penetrating.  I tried shifting my thoughts as I
approached the point of no return.  I search the room for something to target my
attention to.  The only thing I found was the humming of the machine and the
soft moans coming from Contessa.  This didn't help.  I reached down and pulled
Jean's head away.  I desperately wanted to fuck her. Gently laid her over the
spa coping and moved behind her.  From my new vantage point I could see the
hairless folds of her vagina. A gold sparkle caught my attention.  Reaching
between her legs I found my target.  It was a captive bead hood ring.  I gentle
tugged on it until a small moan escaped her lips.  I eased the head of my cock
to the opening and then slowly pushed forward. 

Although she was extremely excited and her sex nearly dripped its wetness into
the spa, I did not easily glide in.  She was tight.  At first I had to make sure
that I was in the right hole.  Slowly I picked up the tempo until my abdomen was
pounding her ass and my testicles were bouncing like a speed bag being worked
over by a good boxer.  I had moved hands to her shoulders and was pulling her
back to meet my next thrust.  I felt her body begin to shudder and felt a surge
of her cum gush out and run down my scrotum and into the spa.  I didn't stop.  I
was in that zone where a man occasionally gets.  It was like I was shooting the
tunnel of a giant wave. One false move and I'd loose the edge.  The only thing I
could do was keep pounding ahead.  I moved my hands to her ass and started
pulling her ass checks apart.  Her tiny pink rosebud saw daylight as I licked my
thumb.  Not giving up any tempo or stroke depth I slowly twisted and pushed my
thumb into her ass and she began fucking with a renewed enthusiasm.  "I..  
I....  I'm .. .mmMa  vvvvvirgin there...." She stammered out between gasps and
pounds.  Slowly I twisted my thumb back and forth.  I could see that I was fast
approaching the end of my ride and now had a clear vision of my destination.  I
rubbed my second thumb in her juices that continued to flow down my testicles
and then brought it back to her speared rosebud.  With a little effort I push it
in, nail to nail with my other thumb.  This invasion buckled her knees and
elbows causing her to collapse on the ruff decking.  It was to late to stop now
and as I withdrew my thumbs for her ass I withdrew my dick from her hungry pussy
and jammed it in her waiting ass, while grabbing her hood ring and gently
tugging on it.  She wailed, "OHH!  FUCCKKK MMEEEEE.   DDDOONN"T STOOOOPPPPP! 
YESSS  YYESSSS" and that was all it took.  Three or four thrusts later the world
shook and my heart stopped pounding as I unloaded a what seemed like a
lifetime's accumulation of spunk into her ass.  She continued  repeating "yes 
Yess!" Each time just a little softer until we laid there.  Me on top of her and
her on the ruff deck.  Both totally spent. 

I felt her shift beneath me and realized that I was probably crushing her.  As I
lifted up and pulled back my now exhausted solider slipped from between her butt
checks and rested warily atop my swollen scrotum.   I slowly stood up realizing
my lower back was beginning to stiffen and that I again needed a shower.  I
didn't say a word but just headed to the shower.  Opening the large glass door I
was once again presented with an assortment of knobs and dials.  "Fuck! Why can
they just make a simple shower." I said to myself.  I began fiddling with knobs
and turning dials until I had almost all the heads flowing wide open and the
temperature reading 104.  It felt hot and the force stung.  I was sure that my
pores would be cleansed. I leaned back against the all and closed my eyes.  My
god was I tired.  If I didn't win the rodeo I surely made the money cut.    I
didn't even hear the door open that is if I ever shut it.  But I did feel the
soft touch of Jean and her sweet kiss on my earlobe.  She pressed her body
against my and sighed as I hugged her tightly.  Corny one-liners like "Where
have you been all my life or God that was the best." raced through my mind.  I
elected silence.  Nothing I had to say could add anything to the moment. 

That was until she said, "This may sound goofy but I think I'm in love." I
couldn't help but let a chuckle out.  "You sure know how to hurt a girl's
feelings as well as her nipples."

My eyes opened as she pulled back.  "I laughed because I was just debating
saying the same thing.  And what do you mean hurt your nipples?"  I asked
needlessly.  As I looked at her I could see the traces of blood pooling on the
ends of her nipples.  I looked down at my chest and saw were I had held her. 
"God I'm sorry, how?"

"Ssh! Don't be sorry.  I knew it was happening but didn't want to stop.  That
was incredible. Whatever plain you were on keep track of it.  We'll need it
again.  Once I learn to walk again.  Damn.  I wouldn't have believed you'd had
sex for years if I hadn't seen you porking Rachel this morning."  I instantly
felt bad.  I did care for Jean.  She immediately saw and knew what was running
through my mind.  "Hey! Sex is sex.  I'm not a proponent of open marriages but
if both people consent and share in a new conquest, once in a while, I'm game."

"You amaze me.  What planet did you step off of?  I know I'm dreaming now!"

"You may not realize it but this ain't my first rodeo.  I've dated enough to
know that most men are either intimidated by me or just want my money and sex. 
I have never shared so much with anyone before.  Most people in our circles are
too concerned about the images.  Let's face it.  Can you imagine the scandal if
the events of today ever leaked out?  I just bet you that Vivian staged this
just to play matchmaker!"

"I'm glad. I've never been happier or felt more comfortable with someone."

"You're too kind." She said planting a deep French kiss on my lips and tongue. 
"Now let's get out of this water before we look like two battered prunes. 
Besides. It's dinner time and I really need a nap."

We dawned fresh robes and gathered out clothes.  It wasn't until Jean asked me
to help her get Contessa off the 'horse' as she called it, that we realized
Contessa wasn't there.  "She was there earlier." Jean said.  "We must have had a
visitor while we were in the shower."

I followed Jean to the elevator where we got out on the second floor and walked
down the hall.  The house was quite as we entered a magnificent bedroom.  It
overlooked the ocean through 12' sliding glass doors, which opened onto a
veranda and pool.  The ceiling was doomed and adorned with angels and gold leaf. 
A king size canopy bed was abutted to a softly curving wall of solid mirrors
directly opposite a fireplace and a host of multimedia equipment.  Jean casually
said, "Curtain's Closed" and silently the floor to ceiling curtains began
pitching the room into utter darkness.  "Lights 3" and indirect lighting bounced
from the ceiling softly illuminate the room.  "Sinatra, Random 2" and the
infamous voice of Sinatra floated across the room. "Alarm 1830, Temperature 72,
Fan Medium" A soft feminine voice repeated the commands and a breeze cascaded
down to the bed where Jean was pulling back the covers.  As she went to remove
her robe I saw recognized the tiny spots left by her nipples.  She must have
been watching me as she said, "There fine.  I'm going to use the restroom and
put some ointment on them. Make yourself comfortable." She said as she
disappeared through the mirrored wall to the side of the bed.  I hung my clothes
on the butler chair and noticed my medical bag setting neatly beneath it. As I
sat on the edge and leaned back it felt as though I was sinking into a pool of
silk.  I doubled the pillow over propping myself up against the massive
headboard and awaited the return of my queen. 

It didn't take long and she returned.  Teeth brushed, Hair combed and smelling
of Jasmine.  "Time?" she asked.  I was about to tell her that I didn't have a
watch when that soft feminine voice answered her question.  It was 5:30 PM or
'1730' as the voice reported.  "We don't have but an hour to nap before we'll
need to dress for dinner.  She said sinking into the bed next to me.  As she
nestled up against my shoulder she rested her head on my arm said "Night."  The
light's slowly faded to dark and the breeze gently wrestled the sheet.  From all
around the room sounds of a country night began to play and the music faded to a
low hum.  If I concentrated I could bearly make out the words to the song.  A
soft flash of light  caught my attention from the far edge of the ceiling and I
watched as it raced across the sky disappearing overhead.   A few more twinkles
appeared and then a soft distant flash from somewhere in the indirect lighting
and a distant rumble as its thunder danced in my ear as I heard the rain start
to fall and Jean's rhythmic breathing sang me to sleep.

"Sleepyhead, Sleepyhead it's time to get up."

"It's too early. Five more minutes, please?"

"If you don't hurry we'll be late for dinner."

"Oh what time is it anyway?

"It's 7:45 PM and we don't want to be late.  Vivian deplores tardiness and I for
one don't want to get on her bad side. Now up and at'em big boy." She continued
grabbing my cock through the covers.  "OH MY GOD!  Don't you ever get enough. 
It hasn't been three hours and your reporting for duty again.  I just may have
to enlist some help. I'm too sore to go again.  You really wore me out.  Anyway
we've only got 15 minutes to be downstairs." 

I moved to the edge of the bed and rolled out.  Once standing, I wiped the sleep
from my eyes and headed for the shower.  A few minutes later I emerged a new
man.  I toweled dry and located the sink.  My five o'clock shadow was in full
swing.  I brushed my hair and went to get my clothes.  For the first time I
noticed Jean, since I awoke.  She was decked out a long beige linen dress.  It
was sleeveless and its neckline plunged down to reveal a large amount of
cleavage.  Jean's hair was pulled straight back and held in place by a large
flat comb.  The hem of the dress just grazed the floor and when she moved I
could see a pair of matching flat sandals.  She saw the look in my eye and said,
"Easy big boy.  We've got 5 minutes.  You need to hurry. Hear put this on."

"But these aren't mine!"

"Just please put them on.  We can't be late!"  Throwing on the clothes Jean
pulled me out the door and half dragged me to the formal dining room. Where 
Vivian sat at the head of an elegant table with Heather seated to her right and
Contessa to her left.  Neither Contessa nor Heather looked up to great us. Both
were wearing simple white linen dresses and had their hair put up in tight buns. 
"Vivian, have you heard from Joann?"

"Yes.  She reports that our patient is doing extremely well.  That is testament
to her fabulous care.  I'm deeply indebted to you both.  I hope that you both
are hungry.  Lucille has prepared her best dish in your honor.  Maria!  You may
begin serving."  Maria entered the room carrying a silver tray with soup bowls. 
She began with Vivian, and then moved to Jean, myself, Heather and finally
Contessa.  Two young Latin girls entered and began filling our glasses with
water and a mint tea.  Maria and the two young girls were dressed in matching
black outfits.   They resembled a French maid's uniform but weren't quite so
tacky or cheap.  "Did you enjoy your nap John?"

"Definitely!  The room is perfect.  I couldn't added anything to it. I want my
own!"

"Well, you'll need speak with its creator, but she is seated next to you."
Vivian said looking at Jean, who was blushing.  I thought that maybe after
dinner we could retire too the study and discuss a business proposition."  With
that said Maria hesitated briefly and continued about her duties serving and
directing the younger girls.  No one spoke much through dinner.  After I
polished off Jean's Creme Brule Vivian suggested, "Let's retire to the study. 
Heather, would you see to the chores and Contessa please be ready to set sail by
22:30.  I thought we my sail to Nassau tonight and enjoy some gambling tomorrow. 
That is if neither of you object."

"Well, I for one think it would be great!  I don't need to be back to the office
until Tuesday." Said Jean.

"I'm really not sure." I said thinking about the interior decorator I was to
meet at 10:30 in the morning at my Miami office. "I do have an appointment
tomorrow to finalize a design with an interior decorator and...."

"Allow me to send Heather." Vivian cut in. 'She has exquisite taste and will be
happy to swing by your house to pickup anything we can't provide.  I'll have the
casino establish you a line or credit so money isn't an issue.  I'll have you
back in time for your first appointment on Monday.  What time are you do in
anyway?"

"I haven't looked that far ahead."  I thought over the offer and decided to
through caution to the wind and agreed.

"Splendid!" Vivian gleefully cheered and her mood suddenly turned somber as we
entered the massive study.  It followed suite to the house in that it was over
the top!  It was however, not light nor open as was the rest of the house.  As
we entered through an arched door that did not match the walls, in the light
colored hall, we entered into a musky cavern of dark woods.  It was as if we had
traveled back into the mid-evil ages.  Black iron accentuated by open flames
lights and heavy oak furniture adorned the room.  The floor-to-ceiling
bookshelves were packed.  "This was my father's favorite room in the house.  I
haven't changed a thing.  Many of the items you see are antiques and were
purchased from different collections and museums.  Take that stock.  It was
build in the late 1600's in England and came to the America aboard one of the
first ships.  The rack next to it dates back to the 1400's and was bought from a
collection in France.  This chair torture chair reportedly belonged to the
Marquee De Sade and was Daddy's favorite piece.  The most valued piece, to me,
is this."  She said pointing to a crudely made bed of sorts.  It was constructed
of thick posts and planks of black Ebony.  It was very ruff in places and worn
smooth in others.  Just larger than a twin bed the 4x4 post supporting it
stretched to 7 feet.  It had several crude iron I-bolts were fastened to it as
were several sets of stocks.  Deep read streaks and elliptical patterns stained
the boards around holes drilled in the horizontal piece. Both ends were cut in
deep U shapes but had boards that crossed each end. The sides had softer curves
inwardly.  "No one knows where this piece came from originally and I don't know
where Daddy got it.  Roomer has it that it was build in Africa about 1100 and
has been used for everything from sacrifices to tortures.  A bed resembling this
has described by some survivors of a certain German Prison Camp.  Nothing has
been confirmed, except that over 1000 different individual DNA samples have been
identified from it.  Hundreds more possibly exist. Maria, why don't you try it
out?"

Jean glanced at me as Maria moved dutifully to the table.  "Now, just lay back."
Vivian directed.  "Not lift your hands up, next to the poles.  That's it." And
Vivian clicked each manacle shut.  Maria was laying on her back now.  Her head
and ass rested atop boards drawn through the ends.  He white dress clung to her
form.  Her two well-developed breasts stood defiant to gravity and draped by
white linen.  "Let us have your feet now, Maria." And Maria lifted each leg in
turn, as each was secured to a post. Vivian reached down beneath the table and
moved a bar. "Maria, be a dear and lift your bum just a little." Maria complied
and the board that had been supporting Maria's ass swung down and away. "That's
it, now just relax.  The small of your back will support you.  Now, we'll do the
same with your head."  And with that Maria's head lifted and the board fell
away.  When she let her head back down it fell back as far as it could.  She was
looking at the room upside down now staring into Vivian crotch with her mouth
gaping open.  This also pushed her chest up and her ass down even farther.

"Are you comfy?" Jean asked mockingly.

"No ma'am." Maria replied.

"Maybe we should give you something to help take your mind off your discomfort. 
Hmm?"  Vivian said moving closer and looking down at Maria.  She removed the
comb from Maria's hair and ran her fingers through it. 

"No ma'am." 

"Oh tsk tsk.  Maria. Where is your spirit of adventure?  Jean come help me
please."  Jean moved to the side of the table.  Please remove her clothing and
don't dally we need to set sail before tide leaves in an hour."  I watched as
Jean carefully unbuttoned Maria's uniform.

"Please Mistress!  Have mercy!"  Maria pleaded. "I didn't mean t" Was all she
got out as Vivian inserted a penis shaped gag into her mouth. 

"That's enough out of her trap."  Vivian added as she pumped the gag up. "I can
not have trash like you damaging my property." Jean made short order out of
removing her uniform.  Vivian handed her a pair of scissors and told her to cut
away what was left.  With Maria effectively silenced and naked on the table
Vivian looked toward Jean who had begun twisting Maria's nipples.  "Well what
plans do you have for our little Cuban slut?"

Jean just staired at me and then at Vivian.  "I'm really not to sure.  What are
your long-term plans with her?"

"I'm ready to ship her back to Cuba, in a body bag!" Vivian exclaimed.

"Let's not get that drastic yet!  I can you her if you can't.  I have some
experiments that I'd like to try."

"Like what?" Vivian asked Jean.

"Well I'd like to see how long we can actually make her nipples.  I'd like to
cut back her labia to enhance the length of her clit and inject it repeatedly to
enlarge it.  Then we can try E.S.C. and coordinate it with some behavior
modifications."

"ESC" asked Vivian.

"Elector Shock Conditioning." I replied and both looked at me astonished.  "Well
I am well read!"

"Sounds great to me' Vivian exclaimed. "But want that take a little longer than
an hour?" She asked mockingly.

"Of course,  Let just toy with her now.  I'm sure that John could use some
relief and he wore me out earlier today."

"Don't go planning activities concerning me without a least consulting me
first."  I said in joking protest.

"John, if you'll look in the top drawer of the desk you'll find a wind
assortment of nipple cylinders and a vacuum pump.  And Jean if you be so kind as
to get the tweezers we'll have some fun down here."

I applied a large set of nipple cylinders to Maria's nipples and pumped each to
a strong vacuum.  The nipples stretched into each cylinder and strained to fill
the voided space.  Small little blisters began forming on the ends of her
nipples as did beads of sweat on her forehead.  I lifted her head back up and
replaced the small board so that she could see the cause of her pain.  Then, I
took some small elastic cord and wound it tightly around the base of each
breast.  This caused them to begin swelling and discoloring.  Maria jumped as I
savagely squeezed her now distended breasts.   

Maria crotch was afire as both Vivian and Jean worked to pluck out each hair
with a pair of tweezers.  They worked fast.  Soon Maria's pussy was bald and
red.  I watched as Jean reached for a bottle of alcohol and saturated a brillio
pad.  Maria strained against her bonds when Jean began feverously scrubbing her
crotch.  Vivian sneaked her right hand beneath her dress and was fingering
herself.  I felt a twitch as she moved her left hand beneath Jean's dress and
began fingering her.  Both started breathing harder and Jean continued scowering
Maria's pussy with the brillio pad.

I could feel my balls begin to churn as I watched Vivian and Jean begin to
sweat.  Jean abandoned torturing Maria's pussy and pulled her dress off.  Vivian
lifted her dress above her waist while she laid back and propped her knee's up. 
Jean knew just what to do and buried her head into Vivian pussy.  I was
presented with a dilemma.  Who did I fuck?  Maria's raw gaping pussy or Jean
tight upturned ass.  I settled upon Maria's pussy.  I lowered my pants and put
the head of my dick at the oozing entrance of Maria's pussy. Grabbing her hips I
plunged into her.  I moved my and up to her swollen breasts and cruelly ripped
the nipple cylinders from the homes.  When I did Maria tightened her muscles and
grabbed my dick, which was firmly planted in her.  Jean's movement into a 69
position caught my attention and I watched as they hungrily devoured each
other's pussy juices.  Grabbing the small cat-o-nine's tail that Vivian had laid
down next to Maria I began lashing her tits.  With each lash her pussy grabbed
my cock and tried to suck it in deeper.   Knowing that I couldn't hold out much
longer and listening to Vivian and Jean I pulled my cock from Maria's hungry
pussy and moved to her head. I quickly removed the board and watched as her head
fell back.  After deflating the penis gag I tied a leather cord into Maria's
hair and secured it to a hook on the leg of the bed.  Knowing that Maria's teeth
were held a bay I moved into position and pushed my cock down  her throat.  I
watched as the panic registered in her body and she began to shake.  I pulled
back enough to let her get a gasp of air and then lodged my dick again.  This
time I began whipping her swollen tits with the small cat-o-nine whip.  With
each slash she chocked and milked my cock.  Shifting my cruel attention from her
tortured tits I began whipping her exposed cunt.  She danced in her bindings to
the drumming of the whip and finally I shot my load into her throat.

I felt a soft kiss on the nap of my neck and two arms encircle my waste.  "You
are a sadistic horny little devil!  Aren't you?"  Cooed Jean.  "I'm really
impressed.  I only hope I can live up to your exacting standards.   We'd better
hurry if we are going with Vivian."  We head back to the bedroom to shower and
change.


I was a bit nervous as I boarded No Hope and we set sail for Nassau.  It was my
first real venture into blue water aboard anything smaller the 400 feet.  As the
lights of the marina faded and the reflection of the moon began casting it's
spell I got lost in the hypnotic splashes the waves made as the slipped past our
boat.  Contessa held the helm and the two Latina girls from dinner worked as
deck hands.  Vivian bid us good night and slipped into the master stateroom. 
More than once during the night I thought I heard moans of pain and pleasure
slipping from her cabin.  Content I hugged Jean and drifted off to sleep.  I
awoke about 10 AM the next morning covered with a light throw and resting
comfortably.  No one was topside and the solitude was frightening.  It looked as
if we were in a small cove anchored about 800 yards off shore.  I eased down
into the galley and found the Vivian and Jean huddled over a pamphlet.  "Good
morning sleepy head." Jean playfully jabbed. 

"Man I must have passed out." 

"I should say, so.  We're going to have to work on that snoring if we're going
to share a bedroom let alone a bed." Jean again jabbed.

"Contessa and the two girls have taken the skiff and gone to shore and are bring
back brunch.  Jean and I were just looking through the list of island
activities.  What sounds good to you?"  Vivian asked.

"That's a loaded question.  I'm not sure I have a simple answer.  What are our
options?"

"Well, we could go to the casino, en mass, waste the entire weekend gambling,
drinking and playing OR! We could plan a little party and find a few young
partygoers to entertain us.  What are your thoughts Jean?"

"I'm game for anything John is up.."

"OK! You two lovebirds.' Vivian cut in. ' I can see where this is going.  I'll
get Contessa to call a chopper and you to can just screw all weekend?" She said
in mockingly hurt tone.

"OH VIVIAN! You know that isn't the case.  We could fuck each other with you
here!  Isn't that right, darling?"

"Sure!' I could play along with this. 'Don't leave now when the party is just
about to start.  I'm game to try anything that doesn't land me in jail or worse. 
I'm just beginning to really enjoy life."

"Alright! Then, let's get down to planning this weekend's little adventure. 
Jean and I will take the dingy into the village ahead after brunch and Contessa
and the twins will sail you to the casino's yacht club.  You play the rich
handsome type who sailed in from wherever looking for a good time.  Flash a lot
of cash and play the roll.  You mention a beach party on one of the neighboring
islands and Jean and I will do the rest."  

Contessa and the twins arrived with brunch and we ate.  Jean gave me a little
kiss as she and Vivian boarded the skiff.  "You be a good boy while I'm a way. 
I had a little talk with Contessa.  She should bother you anymore." And they
motored off leaving Contessa and me to make our way around to the club.

"Contessa, How long will it take us to sail around to the club?"

"I can make it in an hour or two.  Ms. Jean told me not to waste any time.
They'll be at the casino in an hour.  Are you ready to shove off?"

"We'd better get underway." I said as Contessa started up the engines and
hoisted up the anchor.   "By the way what happened yesterday?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know damn well what I mean.  When I drifted off to sleep you were massaging
my back.  When I came too you had been whipped and were ridding a symbian."

Contessa looked down into the cockpit. "I was punished."

"What for?"  but Contessa didn't answer.  "What for?" I asked again.

"Ms. Jean caught me masturbating.  I was wishing you had taken me.  I've never
met someone like you before."

"Does this thing have an autopilot?"

"Yes, sir."

"Turn it on and come here."

"I can't.  I was told not to go near you."

"That's bullshit.  Get down here now or else."  Contessa surveyed the horizon
and dialed in our course and speed.  She made her way down into the cockpit and
knelt at me feet. "Do you enjoy your life?"  I asked.

"Yes.  Mistress Vivian took me in and provides for me."

"Take off your bikini."  I ordered.  She stood and slowly removed the top
letting it fall to the deck.  She untied the strings holding up her scantly clad
pussy and let the bottoms fall to the deck. "Now sit over there and play with
yourself."  She blushed and moved to the opposite side and began fingering her
clit and tweaking her nipples.  Soon she was breathing rapidly.  A soft moan
escaped her lips. "Get up and squat over my foot."  When she was in place I
slowly brought my foot up until my big toe was buried in her pussy.  "Now take
me foot and bury it in your twat.  Then kneel down and fuck it till I tell you
to stop.  You'd better not come until I say so."  She did as she was told
shoving my foot into her pussy all the way up to my ankle.  I watched her.  When
she was about to cum I told her stop.  I could see the look of disappointment
register on her face.  "Are you ready to cum now?" I asked and she shook her
head to acknowledge.  "Okay.  Go ahead."  And she did.  Her juices pooled in the
cockpit.  Her eyes rolled back in her head while her body just shuddered.  "Now
lick my foot clean as well as this mess on the deck.  Do a good job and this
will be our secret."   Contessa sank to her knees and took my foot in her mouth. 
Using her tongue she cleaned between my toes and lapped the pool of cum from the
deck.  I had to use all myself control to keep from fucking her.  I felt that
this was some test and I dearly wanted to pass.

I made my way into the casino and to the cashier's cage where I introduced
myself and was aptly greeted by the floor manager.  I signed out $ 500 thousand
in chips and looked for my accomplices.  They were no were to be found.  It felt
awkward to be carrying this much money at one time.  The most I had ever gambled
was $90 thousand in Vegas and I felt uneasy then.  I found a crowded craps table
and eased in next to two young coeds.  Each had about a thousand in chips and
were placing $25 dollar bets.  I dropped all but $ 10 thousand into my pockets
and placed my chips on the rail.  After watching a couple of rolls and an old
man crap out I came out with a thousand dollar bet.  The blonde coed who I had
heard referred to as Misty looked at me as she place a $25 chip on the line. 
Her friend, Mindy, followed suit and Misty rolled.  The dice landed a seven and
I let it ride as did Misty and Mindy.  Misty's next roll was an eleven.  I
watched as both Misty and Mindy began to rack back their winnings.  I caught
their eyes and shook my head.  "You're hot.  I'd let it ride.  I am.  I have
faith in you."  With that little coaxing both let it ride and she again rolled a
seven.  I was beginning to get really excited.  Each girl now had one hundred
dollars on the line and I had 4 thousand.  "Roll'em again.  Don't stop now!  I
cheered."

Misty rolled a four and seemed disappointed.  See the look in her eye I chided. 
"Great, Now we can make some real money.  I want 10 times the odds on my four
and dug out $ 40 thousand dollars from my pants.   You should do the same." 
Seeing that they couldn't cover the odds wager I pushed a each a thousand dollar
chip.  "No worries. It's just plastic money."  I felt their hesitation and to
relieve it I pulled several hundred additional one thousand dollar chips from my
pocket and piled them on the table.  "See!" I said and ordered a drink from a
passing waitress.     Both girls looked at each other and giggled. They slowly
put they're wagers on the board.  I put $ 10 thousand on the come line and
waited for Misty to roll.  The pit boss pushed back my bet and told me that $
3000 was the make initial bet and $ 30,000 was the max odds.  This was going to
work into my favor.  I looked around for the floor manager and signaled him
over.  I explained to him that this was a lucky table and I didn't want to have
to take my business elsewhere.  The floor manager quickly replaced the pit boss
and moved my bet back to the come line.  Misty rolled a 10 and I covered my odds
again at 10 times.  By this time the girls were looking at me in awe.  I had
about $ 140 thousand dollars on the table and was a seven away from losing it. 
Misty was nervous as she picked up the dice.  "Come on don't fail me know."  I
added to build the tension a little. Misty threw the dice down the table and
both girls covered their eyes."

"10" yelled the pit boss and pushed $ 320 thousand dollars my way.  Each girl
just looked at me and grinned.  I was truly having fun.  And as luck would have
it Jean eased up to the table.

Looking at my stack of chips she asked, "Would you mind giving my some
pointers?"

I saw the look in faces of the two girls and before I could say anything Misty
said, "He's helping us, right now." And flipped up her nose.  Mindy eased around
to stand between me and Jean.  Misty's picked up the next roll and watched as
she rolled a 4.  Both girls screamed in excitement as they had quadrupled their
money.  I smiled as I racked over my winnings. 

"Great roll.  I think I'm headed to a new game."

"But why, we're still winning?' Misty said. 

"Call it a gut feeling.  Anyway, I'm starving.  Ya'll want to go get something
to eat?  My treat."

Both girls agreed and we left the casino and head a restaurant near the boat. 
Jean tagged along making small talk.  I saw her use her cell phone but then she
caught back up to the group.  We were greeted at the front door as if we were
royalty.  This really impressed Misty and Mindy.  A few stiff drinks and it
didn't take long to find out that they were on cruise, which was docked at the
peer.  Misty said that they had just graduated from some high school in the deep
south and both were going to college in the fall.   After a few more drinks I
suggested that we sail out and get some sun.  The alcohol had helped loose their
inhibitions and common sense.  Although, both protested saying that they had to
be back aboard ship by 11:00 PM.  Mindy said that her parents had decided to
stay aboard the ship awaiting their next port of call, Antigua. Jean quickly
jumped at the offer to go sailing and this goateed the two girls into going. I
gave each Misty, Mindy and Jean several hundred dollars to buy swimsuits in
hopes that it would not look suspicious.  I told them to take their time and to
meet me at the "No Hope" around 3:30 so that we could get in some sailing and a
sunset before dropping them off by 10:00 PM.   While they went to the casino
stores I left, alone and quickly went back to the casino. 

I went back to the same craps table and made several large careless bets to draw
attention to myself.  Once I had lost about $ 20,000 I pretended to get mad and
went to the bar.  I ordered a shot and slammed it back and then ordered a Scotch
to nurse as I walked around preparing to exit.  I stopped at several tables and
finally slipped out the door in a large group of  people and headed for the
boat.  I timed it so that I arrived back at the boat shortly after they arrived. 
I was carrying a bag with several bottles of wine, an assortment of cheese and
crackers and some caviar.  As I rounded the corner I could see them standing in
the cockpit looking a bit nervous.  Jean was doing her best to act comfortable. 
Contessa was coiling lines about the bow when I stepped aboard. 

Feeling the tension in the air.  I asked, "Have ya'll meet my captain,
Contessa?" Their look said it all.  Relief swept over the faces.  Jean went
along with it.

"I thought maybe we had the wrong boat or you were married.  She wasn't all that
friendly.  Does she work for you?"

"She wasn't friendly?  What ever do you mean?  I just hired her to help sail
here.  She came with great references.  What do you two think?"  I said looking
at Misty and Mindy.

Mindy looked at Contessa with a bit of spite and said, "Well, she didn't
introduce herself!  I didn't know who she was.  I was just about to leave."

Throwing her off guard I said, "Well I don't blame you.  I won't be offended if
you do.  Please keep the swimsuit as a gift.  Misty will you be leaving as
well?"  Before Misty could answer Mindy jumped in. 

"Well! I guess a can let it go.  I see that you are a Gentleman."  With that
Misty just looked at her and smile. 

"I'm staying too!  This is going to be exciting.  I haven't ever been on a yacht
before.  My daddy has a fishin' boat that I have gone out on before."

"Well if everyone's ready we'll shove off.  Contessa!	  Let's head out where
we can see a great sunset.  We need to be back here by 9:30 though.  Why you
ladies head down to the stateroom and change.  I'm going to stow this food and
make a tray that we can share topside." They all just looked at me and starred. 
"Ok,  follow me."  I said as I descended the steps into the galley. As we
gathered in the galley I said,  "Let me give ya'll a quickie on boating."  And
both girls giggled.  I looked confusedly at them and moved into a brief spill of
what I knew.  "The front is called the bow and the back of the boat is the
stern.  This kitchen and table area is called the galley.  Left is port and
right is starboard.  The bathrooms are called heads and the bedrooms are called
cabins or berths.  The larger bedrooms are called staterooms.  Any questions?"

"Where do we change again?" Jean asked innocently and both girls laughed. 

"There is a large stateroom and head in the very front, bow, of the boat.  I
will be here in the galley preparing drinks. Ya'll take your time and if you
need some suntan screen it will be in the head.  Help yourself to anything ya
need while aboard."  I watched as they trailed off Jean leading the way.  I
eased up the stairs and told Contessa to get us out of port while they were
below decks. Contessa did.  She didn't bother with the sails until we were well
out of the channel and heading out to sea.  Jean was the first to appear
topside. The modest white two-piece she wore set off her dark tan.  She had that
knowing smirk on her face.  I was standing at the wheel when she approached. 

"This is perfect.  They didn't call anyone or really talk with anyone.  No one
saw us board the boat and they are very, VERY naive.  Mindy parent's have a
little money and paid Misty's way.  Misty has a little chip on her shoulders and
resents Mindy's constant chiding.  It took a little convincing to get the into
two pieces.  Both are a little self-conscious and bought warps."

"Gaw we're already out this far?"  Mindy remarked as she eased up the stairs and
looked at the harbor. I tried not to pay much attention to what she looked like. 

"We're only about 4 miles out.  Ya'll did take your time getting ready.  It has
been twenty minutes since we left the harbor and we are under engine power." I
said as Contessa made her way back to the cockpit and looked at me. 

"If you'll move out of my way, I'll get us under sail."  She said as I stepped
back looked hurt.

"I'm going to change and get drinks.  What does everyone want?"

"If that is punch on the cabinet down there,  I'll have some." Jean said and
Misty and Mindy followed her lead.

I changed into a modest swimsuit and prepared 4 glasses of punch.  I added some
water to mine and Jean's and severed them topside.  "Now I warn you this has a
little bite.  It's new recipe that I found." And laughed to myself, it contained
2 cans of grape juice, 2 cans of cherry juice, a bottle of Everclear and a bunch
of ice. Two of these and they'd be drunk.  We sailed for about an hour making
small talk and soaking up the sun.  As I served the second rounds Jean pretended
to be getting really drunk.

"What are you going to do what that bitch steering your boat?"  she asked with a
little slurred speech. 

"I'm not sure I know what you mean?"  I said removing my shirt and wiping the
sweat from my brow.

Jean followed and stood up.  "I'm hot too and I don't want to wreck my tan." 
She said as she unfastened her top and let her tits stand free.  "Oh!  This
feels marvelous."  And she laid back onto the deck and closed her eyes.  "Come
on girls.  John's not going to bite.  Look at how he let's that tramp of a
captain talk to him."

"Listen Jean,  Don't start trouble.  I will call the coast guard and drop you
off with them.  Obviously, these girls don't feel comfortable and they are
young."  That was it.  I had play a triumph card and it had worked beautifully.

"I'm not to young.  I  just didn't want to seem to forward." Mindy said.  "Come
on Misty."  She said as she removed the wrap and eased her flowery top off.  She
was a modest B cup and had really propionate areolas.  Her nipples weren't very
large but became instantly hard as they were exposed to the direct sunlight and
light breeze.  She was trim and had a flat stomach.  In her navel was a blue
topaz navel ring, which looked infected.  Her hips were hidden in a modest
flower print-matching bottom. "Well Misty, are you too chicken." 

Obviously defensive Misty immediately stood up and shed her wrap revealing a
figure that most women would die for.  At 18 years of age she was very well
developed.  A set of large D cups strained against the fabric of a pink suit. 
Her tiny waste had a matching navel ring and gave way to a set of shapely hips
clad in matching pink bikini bottoms.  As she untied the bow behind her back she
began blushing.  I looked away to ease the tension but watched her reflection. 
She was gorgeous.  Her large breasts had a set of equally large nipples
perfectly mounted.  She sat back down and took another big drink. 

"I wish I had one of those." Jean said pointing to Mindy's navel.  'Did that
hurt?"

"Just a little."  Mindy boasted.

"It looks awful red.  Are you taking care of it?"

"We weren't supposed to get in the water for a couple of day." Misty broke in.

"You should get a doctor to look at that."  Jean said.  "John aren't you a
doctor?  I just ask because I saw a hospital badge laying on a white coat down
in the kitchen.  I mean galley."

"Yes."  I said innocently.  "But they'll probably want the ship's doctor to take
a look at that."  They might need some antibiotics. 

"Yeah, but you could just look at it.  Couldn't you?" 

"Well I'm sure that Mindy would want her mother to go with her and Misty as
well."  With that both girls looked at each other and looked sheepishly.

"Our parent's don't exactly know that we got these.  We went into Atlanta right
before we left."  Misty admitted.  "What kind of doctor are you, anyway?"

"He's an OB/GYN or at least his badge identified him as that?  Isn't L&D stand
for Labor and delivery?'  Jean poked.

"Yes and yes.  But I'm on vacation and they'll be back aboard ship in a few
hours." I replied.

"I've never been to one of them before.  I thought ya had to be a woman to be a
woman doctor." Misty asked.

"No, silly,' Mindy cut in.  I went with my mother and her doctor is a man." 

"What was is like?' Misty wanted to know.

"I had to wait outside.  Momma wouldn't let me go in, on the account that he was
going to examine her."

"Look at how red Mindy's chest is and Misty has those read streaks heading up
her chest onto her boobs."  Jean observed and both girls looked at each other
and down.

"Is that bad?" Misty asked examining herself more closely now. 

"Mine did that yesterday and I'm better today." Mindy said.

"Well not technically,' I offered. " Your infection is not isolated anymore.  It
could be spreading throughout your system now."

Jean looked at both girls and then me.  "Why don't ya just ask him to look at it
more closely.  It's not like he hasn't seen boobs before and you're both topless
any how?"

"I don't know." Misty hesitated.

"I'll go first." Mindy said as she pushed out her chest. 

"We'd better go below where I can get away from this glare.  Why don't we all
move to the galley?  The light is better, the cheese tray is in there and I need
another drink."  We all stood and slowly made our way past the cockpit and into
the galley.  While walking past Contessa made a smart remark about not being
gone to long.

"I just don't see why you let her get away with that." Jean said. 

"Yeah, that bitch is rude.' Mindy joined in while Misty nodded in agreement.

Mindy hopped up on the galley table and sat straight-backed. "Well doc, what do
you think?"

I pretended to be taken back by her lack of modesty and said, "What do you
mean?"

"About the infection." She giggled.

"You'll have to lay back. I can't see very good in that position.  Misty grab
that pillow off the couch so that Mindy can lean against it."  She did as I
asked and Mindy leaned back.  I took out my stethoscope and did a brief exam. 

"It's just an infection on my stomach." Mindy said.

"Look.  I didn't ask to do this.  If you don't want my professional advice then
please,  let's go back topside and I'll enjoy my vacation.  Otherwise just
relax.  You sound a little wheezy, your flush and you look like your running
temperature."

"I'm sorry."  She offered.  "I'm just a bit nervous.  I don't like needles and
the last time I was in the Doctor's office I got 2 shots and they really hurt
bad!."

"What for?"

"Well,  it's kind of embarrassing."

"I am a doctor and for all practical purposes you are my patient,  at least
right now."  I said.

"Our family doctor said I needed a booster and to get on the some type of birth
control.  He said that I got some kind of inverted nipple thing and that the
birth control shot would take help it."

"I see.' I said and continued with my exam.  I pushed around on her abdomen and
casually brushed her pubic mound several times.  As I worked my way up her legs
I let my left hand stop atop her bikini and as the next wave hit the side of the
boat I pushed down on top of her clit.  I heard the soft moan.  I made several
gentle movements with my hand as I faked gaining my balance.  Just in time for
the next wave.  This time I saw Mindy close her eyes and she pushed up against
my hand grinding her pelvic bone into the heel of my hand.  "I'm sorry about
that.  I'm guess with the alcohol and all I just haven't found my sea legs."  I
glanced at Misty whose nipples had hardened as she watched Mindy become excited. 
Even Jean was bearing a set of rock hard nipples.  "Well it looks like you have
do have an infection and I'd guess you are running fever. I need to take your
temperature to get a better idea of where this has progressed."

"Ok." She said and opened her mouth. 

"No you don't understand.  I can't use and oral thermometer because you been
drinking all those cold drinks and I didn't brink the tympanic."

"Oh!" She said as the thought of a rectal temperature registered.

"Don't worry." I said.  "I can radio the coast guard and get them to send a
chopper to pick you up and take you back to the ship.  They'll have a tympanic
there."

"No!' she half shouted. 'My mom and dad would kill us.  Can't you just do it
here?" she asked hesitantly.

"I can if you want.  It won't be too bad.  I promise. Would you rather lay on
your back or be on your hands and knees? I tell you what.  Why don't you go to
the stateroom and get on your knees.  I'll come in quickly and put it in, you
can even leave your bottoms on.  Jean would probably stay in there with you
while I go ahead and examine Misty."

She weighted the options carefully.  I could see the concern in Misty's eyes.
She didn't want to be left here alone.  She leaned over and whispered in Mindy's
ear.

"Can't we just do it here?" Mindy asked. 

"Sure.  Why don't you get on you knees on the couch.' I said and reached for my
bag.  I removed a long cylinder that contained a rectal thermometer.  I got some
KY jelly from my bag and lubricated it slowly.  Mindy looked back over her
shoulder as I eased be hinder her and moved her swimsuit to the side.  Her
rosebud was tight and clean.  Her pussy lips were small and hairless.  I could
feel the dampness in the crotch of her swimsuit and new she had been excited. 
The slender stick slide in smoothly and she only let out a little gasp. "You'll
need to stay like that for about 5 minutes." I said as I pushed the thermometer
into her rectum and only left 1/2 an inch sticking out. "Misty,  while she's
doing that why don't you sit up here and we'll get your exam out of the way." 
Misty eased up onto the table and laid back slowly.  She kept her eyes and legs
tightly closed.  I repeated the exam on Misty.  I wanted to see how excited she
was but she kept her ankles crossed.  As she presented with some rebounding
tenderness.  I asked her to uncross her ankles, as she did I took one ankle and
pushed her leg back where her knee was pressing against her breast.  That was
when everyone could see the wet mark seeping through her swimsuit.  Our eyes
made contact and she blushed deeply and tightly squeezed her eyes shut. 

Jean saw it to and just grinned.  I followed her eyes to where Mindy was resting
on her knees and elbows.  The gentle swaying of the boat was causing her tits to
sway back and forth across the fabric covering the cushion.  Her nipples were
hard and she was breathing heavily.  "Ok.'  I said and gently pulled Misty to a
sitting position.  "The good news is that the infection hasn't spread to your
entire body, yet."

"Yet?!" she almost cried.

"Yet.'  I said.  "I think we have caught it in time. We need to get you to a
hospital so we can isolate it and stop it from spreading."

"I can't go to the hospital.  My parents would kill me.  Can't you help me?"

"Isn't there anything you can do, Doctor?" Jean added with dripping sarcasm.

"Here standup.' And I moved her right behind Mindy. As I brought my hand up to
her breast she stepped back into Mindy and in doing so, shoved the remainder of
the thermometer into her rectum.

"Oomph ,  Oh sit!' Mindy cried.  What happened. 

"Oh I'm soo sorry. Mindy!" cried Misty.  "it was an accident. I didn't mean to
do it!"

"You fat clumsy cow! What are we going to do now?  Can you get it out?"

"Settle down!'  I yelled.  'Everything is going to be ok.  Misty please sit down
over here.  Mindy.  Don't Move!.  Jean please help them.  I'm going topside to
talk with Contessa.  I left the galley and gave Contessa a wink and a peck on
the check. "Great Job!'  I whispered.  "You goofy bitch.  Can you find some calm
water?"

"There's a small cover just around the bend in that Island up a head.  I think
we can get into it for the night?'

"Night" I heard Jean yell from downstairs.  "I can't be gone all night."

"We don't have any alternatives right now!' I yelled back.  I could hear some
soft cries from the galley. "It will be okay.  I said.  We'll motor in I can fix
these too and then we should make it back by 11:00PM.' I said entering the
galley. 

"What?  How?  About me.." Mindy asked.

"Don't worry.  We'll simply dilate you a little. And give you a little fluid to
help you pass the thermometer out.  And Misty I think I can make a pump to help
us fix you.  Alright?"

"I'm starting to get cramps in my legs and arms.' Mindy said. 

"Jean.  Help me roll her over.  The why don't you stroke her hair and try and
calm her down while I get Misty ready?" We gently rolled Mindy over onto her
side and Jean sat down and with a motherly touch ran her fingers through Mindy's
long blonde hair. 

"So do you have a boyfriend back home?"  She asked.

"Yes.' Mindy whimpered.

"I bet you have all the boys chasing after you two?"

"All they want is to get in our pants' Misty said.  "We're waiting till we get
married.  Aren't we Mindy?"

"Yes."

"You mean to tell me that you both are still virgins?" Jean looked really
shocked. Yes was the common reply.  I listened to Jean casually converse with
each as I readied for our fun.  I reversed the polarity on the large DC pump
that was on board so that it now sucked.  I used the small copper tubing that I
found and made a hole in two large acrylic containers  and then fastened it all
together.  I looked crude to say the least. 

"Okay. Are you ready Misty." Her eyes widened as they say the contraption.

"Yyyyeesss.' She squeaked out.  "Wwwhhhaattt are you going to do?"

"Just relax and sit down here."  And I pointed to the chart desk.  She did and I
moved in front of her.  "Now lean forward and place a breast in each container."
She did lifting each breast into the clear acrylic container.  Once both were in
place and nicely filled the container almost halfway I turned the machine on and
it began pumping out the air and sucking her tits down deeper into the
container.  "That isn't too bad is it?"

"No." she said and let out a little humm.  "It kind of feels nice." 

"See.   I know what I'm doing.  Just relax.  I'll have you as good as new and on
you way to the next port.  I went back topside and found Contessa preparing to
drop the anchor.  "Are we safe here?"

"Yes." She said and smile.  Ms. Vivian owns this Island. It is uninhabited and
the cove is covered.  Authorities are used to seeing this boat here and there is
only one way in and out."  "I'll be in my cabin if you need me?" she said loudly
and let out the anchor."  I could hear Jean talking over the quite humming of
the pump.

"So what do good little girls do with bad little boys.?

"Well my last boyfriend made me give him a blowjob.  We were at the point and he
started rubbing my neck.  The next thing I knew he was pushing my face into his
crotch telling me to suck him off.  He unzipped his pants and pulled out his
thing.  I tried my best not to but he told me he'd tell my parents that he had
been fingering my.  So I just put it in my mouth and moved my tongue around it. 
Until he came.  Then he took me home.  I had to sneak in the back because when
he came he took it out of my mouth and came on my face and hair."  Mindy's story
really excited Jean who had worked her hand down to the top of Mindy's breasts. 

"What about you Misty?  What's the nastiest thing you ever done?"

"That's not the nastiest thing Mindy's ever done!"

"Well what is the nastiest thing you've ever done, Misty?"

"She made out with Coach Smith!" interrupted Mindy.

"You did too!"

"Ok ladies." I said let's all relax.  Are you all right Misty?

"It's starting to pull some.  How long does this have to run?"

"It will cycle.  Ya have to leave it alone. OK?" and she nodded. "Alright, 
Mindy let's get you situated.  Why don't you move over here to the table? 
That's it easy does it?  Jean go ahead and help her on to her back.  Now I know
this is going to be embarrassing but you have to trust me.  You do trust me?"
Mindy nodded. "Good.  Now honey this will be a little uncomfortable but I have
to get that thing out. Right?" and she nodded again. "Okay.  I want you to bring
you knees to your chest.  That's it.  Now reach with your hands and grab the
behind your knees.  Now pull back. Try to make a little ball.  We'll see if it
pops out on its own."  She let out a little gasp.  "Is it hurting?"  and she
nodded.  Here, now don't be alarmed this may help.  And I quickly but casually
slipped to loops over each wrist and knee combination.  I brought the ropes up
over her head and feed them into a crude yoke.  "Now I just want to pull it
tight enough to take the tension off you hands."  And I pulled slowly until I
saw her arms flex and a little moan escape.   As I eased back down to stand
beside her I said, "Now I'm going to have to remove your swimsuit.  Just try and
relax." Using a small pair scissors from my bag 3 snips and I dropped her
swimsuit to the floor.  There she was.  A naked 18 year old bond in a ball and
helpless.  I looked down at her sex.  It gapped open ever so slightly.   It was
already moist and looked slippery.  With her legs pulled so far back that her
ankles were now at her ears her tiny asshole lay pointed at the ceiling.  Her
hood gave way to a small clit peering into the light.  "I need to see if I can
feel it alright."  Jean why don't you talk to her while I work?"

"Sure.  Now what was it you were telling me about this Coach Smith?"  Jean
asked.

"She had made us stay after school one day and were cleaning the showers as
punishments. OHH!" she let out as I slowly penetrated her pussy with my finger. 
I began rubbing the back wall of her vagina with my middle finger and circling
her clit with my thumb.  I listened to her story slowly pulled my finger from
her pussy and pushed it in her ass.  "PHPOPOHHH!" she let out as I put a second
finger in her ass but kept working her clit.  I looked over at Misty who was now
working her own clit.  Listening to the story and watching me finger her best
friend began taking its toll on Misty.  As I inserted the 3rd finger into her
anus I looked to see Jean bend down and bury her mouth into Mindy's.  She began
mewling Mindy's tits.  Pulling and twisting her inverted nipples.  Mindy was
beginning to buck a little at my advances into her ass.  I pulled my fingers
from her ass and pushed in the speculum.  I could feel her try to push away but
I didn't let up.  I squeezed open the ends forcing Mindy's tiny asshole to
spread open 5 full inches.  She screamed and Misty moaned. "Stop! You're killing
me.  You're going to rip me open.  Stop! Take it out.!.  Now!  Make him stop! 
Plea..." Jean had climbed up on the table and was lowering herself onto Mindy's
head.

"Listen you little cunt tease.  You'd better nose fuck my ass hole with that big
nose you have and clean my pussy with that tongue or I'll cut those nipples out
and use them for fish food!" and she dropped her weight onto Mindy's  face. 
Misty went to stand up but Contessa was behind her coupled with the large
cylinder's encasing her now swollen breasts it was easy for Contessa to gain
control of Misty and tie her hand behind her back. 

"OH!  OH! My boobs.  They're begin pulled off! Please turn off the machine. 
Please.  Owe! It hurts.  Please!  My boooobS!" she screamed as Contessa turned a
dial to increase the pressure. Both girls were now sobbing. The clear acrylic
showed Misty's two breast fully distended in the vacuum environment.  Each
streaked with red and purple stripes and filling a two-gallon container.

"Contessa.  Please get me some elastic cords.  I want access to those huge jugs
but I can't have them deflating."

"Yes Master." She said and disappeared into the closet and reappeared carrying
two elastic cords.  I tied one around the base of each breast pulling it
tightly.  Once I had her tits securely banded I rapidly released the pressure
from each container simultaneously.  Misty squealed as the elastic bands dug
deep into her tinder flesh and the weight of the containers pulled at her meaty
breasts. 

"OH! GOD!  TAKE THEM OFF! PLEASE!  TAKE THEM OFF!  YOU'RE KILLING ME!!!!" She
screamed. 

"Ssshhh!" I whispered!  "Settledown!"  Grabbing each container I pulled them off
while Misty whined and Mindy moaned under Jean's grinding cunt.  "I want you to
sit down and settle down. Everything is going to be ok!.  I need to get over the
and fish out the thermometer.  Just sit down.." And I returned my attention to
Mindy's gaping ass.  I got a large set of forceps and fished out the
thermometer.  Then I took out a small suction cup and placed it over Mindy's
clit and hood.  Mindy bucked as I increased the pressure and began sucking her
clit out past the hood.  I rifled through the cabinets and found a large orange
balloon that one would signal for help with. Inserting a tube into it I tapped
it around the tube and wound the balloon loosely and laid it in Mindy's rectum. 
Removing the speculum left the neck of the balloon and hose coming out of her
deflowered rosebud.  I could feel the tension melting away as her ass began
shrinking back to a more normal size.  Jean who was facing me through Mindy's
legs was experiencing a mind-blowing orgasm.  Her juices were flowing down
Mindy's cheeks and pooling in her ears and on the table. 

I moved back to Misty who was sobbing and pulled her up by the hair. I led her
the table between Mindy's legs.  Jean jerked off the suction cut to reveal a
hard and swollen clit.  She took Misty's hair from me and pulled her down into
Mindy's cunt.  Misty knew exactly what to do.  She started lapping at Mindy's
pussy.  Both Jean and I smiled knowing that this was not her first experience at
cunt lapping.  While she was busy eating Mindy's pussy I dropped my pants to the
floor and my fuck tool sprang for like a tungsten steal spring.  I looked at
Contessa who immediately dropped to her knees behind Misty and began tonguing
her virgin ass hole.  Misty's head popped up at the tongued intrusion but was
pulled back down by a sadistic Jean.  Misty's moans were from a combination of
pleasure and pain.  Her tits hung down and beat against the edge of the table
while Contessa's tongue repeatedly stabbed her asshole.   Contessa looked back
at me and smile.  She turned around and began working her tongue on Misty's clit
while I prepared to assault her tender asshole.    Gently I place a hand on
either butt cheek and pulled apart.  I eased my prick nudging it against her
sphincter.  Misty must have thought that it was Contessa's tongue has she rocked
back.  To her disbelief and my passion, I jabbed my prick deeply into her virgin
ass.  Muffled screams came from Mindy's pussy as Misty's face was forced into it
baffling all the screams.  I pumped deep, hard and fast.  The shaft of my prick
gleamed from the combination of saliva, pre-cum and a tiny trickle of blood. 
"Finger yourself Contessa and gentle squeeze my balls as you begin to orgasm." 
Soon she was gently squeezing my balls.  I reached beneath Misty and grabbed the
two melons and squeezed them.  Misty went into a frenzy fucking me and sucking
Mindy!  I couldn't take it and emptied my self into her as she, Mindy, Jean and
even Contessa all shuddered to an orgasm.


Jean and I sat in the cockpit sharing the sunset and drinks while Contessa
worked below preparing dinner.  Our two guests had been secured in separate
cabins.  Misty's tits were still bound tightly and a suction cup was placed over
her clit.  Mindy breasts were fitted in the cylinders, as was her clit.  The
pump was set pump down and the gradually release its pressure and then repeat
the cycle.  Both girls were tied to their bunks spread eagle and were gagged. 
Jean seemed lost at sea in her thoughts and I was lost in her eyes.  The wind
tossed her hair softly and gently lifted the small folds of the scarf like
fabric that encircled her waste and hips.  Her naked breasts swayed with the
rocking of the boat as the ropes played melodies against the mast.  "Vivian will
be here soon." She said not breaking her gaze.  "I think I see her."

I scanned the horizon and all points above.  "And just how is she going to
arrive?" I questioned.

"She surface any minute.  See the light entering the bay?"

I made out the small light and curiosity filled me.  Vivian surfaced just off
the port bow.  She was neatly tucked into a small sea sled.  'James Bond eat
your heart out.' I thought as Vivian through a line into the cockpit, which Jean
caught and tied off.  Vivian pulled herself off the sled and climbed aboard. 
All smiles she shook her hair out and dropped her mask to the deck while she
stripped off the wetsuit.  "How are our guests?"  She asked. "I presume they're
a bit tired from the sail over and by the looks of things they were introduced
to their new lifestyle."

"Yes Vivian." Jean replied kindly and stood to make her way to the very bow.  I
watched as she moved with the gracefulness of a gazelle. 

"John, What's gotten into her?" Vivian asked.

"I don't know.  She's been quite all evening.  We got the guests ready for bed
and then came up here.  She hasn't said 10 words in the last hour.  Contessa is
making dinner.  It's great to see ya."  I said.

"I bet I know." Vivian smiled. "Contessa!  Bring me some fresh coconut milk,
please." 

You could hear Contessa stirring around before easing up from the galley with a
worried look on her face.  "Ma'am.  We don't have any." She pleaded.

"What!" Vivian yelled.  "You stupid little whore.  Get over here! Didn't I tell
you to stock the boat?  Don't I always have a drink aboard?" She didn't wait for
an answer.  She knew it.  "Get those rags off and go get it and be quick."  I
just watched as Contessa literally tore her clothes off and ran down the stairs. 
She came back carrying a birch cane.  It wasn't any thicker than my little
finger and it was about four feet long. "You know what to do!" Vivian shouted as
Contessa stood putting one foot one each seat on opposite sides of the boat. 
Spreading her long legs wide apart she bent over at the waist and grabbed a
small elastic cord with a metal clip on the end.  She stretched it up and
clipped it to her clit ring and let out a little yelp as she let go of the cord
and it pulled her clit down.  She then reached up to the boom and laced her
hands into some rigging. "Are you finally ready?" asked a put out Vivian. 

"Yes Ma'am." Contessa was already in tears. 

"She hates this." Said Vivian who took the thin cane and slashed it about a few
times.  "Oh!  My arm!  I think I just did something to my elbow.  Jean!" Vivian
hollered.  "Would you look at my elbow? And John I'll need you to carry out the
punishment.  20 lashes on between her thighs and 20 across her breasts.  Be sure
to aim for the nipples.  And don't be soft.  Contessa!  You'd better tell him if
he is not doing it hard enough our you know what'll happen?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"That's it let's get started." And Vivian, escorted by Jean descended the steps
and disappeared below decks.  "Help me change into something more comfortable"
was the last thing I heard from Vivian for a while. 

I took the cane and swished it through the air.  I could see Contessa cringe,
awaiting its bite.  Several more swishes and I moved next to Contessa who was
already crying.  "Where would you like me to start?"  I was trying to be nice
about this. 

"It doesn't matter.  I know I put fresh coconut milk on board.  Someone just
stole it.  It's that bitch, Jean!"

I didn't wait to hear anymore.  I stepped back and stuck the can in an upward
arch landing it just to the left of center.  I struck again this time to the
right.  I wanted to spread the pain out and not actually damage her genitalia. 
After eight more strokes I moved to her breasts and criss-crossed them with
whelps.  Her wails could be heard over the crashing tide as I moved back to her
tender thighs.  Four more on either side and the last two I landed dead center
causing tremendous cries. Contessa looked lovely.  Sweat covered her body and
her head hung between her arms letting her hair hide her tearing eyes.  I took
the handle of the cane and pushed it deeply into her rectum.  "This had better
be there when I get back." And I walked down the stairs and into the galley
where Jean and Vivian were sharing a glass of wine.

Jean was smiling now and chatty as a schoolgirl.  Vivian was intently listening
to her plans for Maria as I sat down and poured myself a glass of wine.  "Did
you finish spanking your little girl?" Jean asked with a sharp tongue. 

"She's not mine!  She's Vivian's.  I just did it as a favor."

"And you hated your work." She said mockingly as she reached beneath the table
and squeezed my stiff cock.

"I can't say that I hated."

"Jean, Why don't you take John and the skiff to the Island.  The moon is full
and I think that some time off the boat my do him well."  Vivian had cut me off. 

"Do you want to go?"  Jean asked.

"I'm game as long as there isn't any wild animals over there."

"I'll be the wildest animal on the Island.  That is with the exception of you."

"Hardy Harr Harr!"  I croaked and made my way to the skiff.

"Ya'll take your time.  I want to get to know our guests." I heard Vivian tell
Jean softly.  "You need to get to know him as well.  That's a big commitment."

By the time Jean go seated in the skiff I had the small engine running and had
it pointed to shore.  Jean carried a small beach bag and jumped out of the boat
as we ran aground.  "Grab the bag and see if you can keep up with me, stud." She
shouted above the surf as she took off into the woods.  As I entered the canopy
covered jungle I found her wrap on a branch.  I jogged up the trail and passed
her bottoms.  Between the sounds of the night I heard a splashing.  As I jogged
to the top of a small hill I found a clear pool with Jean swimming naked in it. 
"Come on in!  The water is great!  Wash the salt off."  I dropped the bag and
removed my trunks and waded into the warm pool. 

"Come here!"  I said as I grabbed for her arm but missed.

"I'm not that easy!" she said as she swam away. 

"Don't make me swim over there! I'm getting good at these pain games."  I said
but she didn't move.  "Alright you asked for it." And I dove beneath the water
and grabbed her ankle as she tried to escape.   I pulled her to me and crushed
my lips to hers.  I felt her tongue snake its way to my and began backing to the
edge of the water.  Craddeling her in my arms I carried her to a small ledge and
finally pulled away from her passionate kisses.  "Remember, you asked for this."
I whispered in her ear as I laid her across my left leg and pined her legs under
my right.  Holding her hand behind her back with my left hand I began spanking
her naked bottom with my right hand.  The first few blows smacked loudly against
her wet skin and stung my hand.  She began squirming and softly crying for me to
stop.  I began slowing my tempo and letting my hand rest atop her bright red
ass.  I slipped my middle finger down the crack of her ass to find her wet sex. 
I began fingering her clit with my right hand while I administered the spanking
with my left.  It didn't take long before Jean was really squirming and begging
me not to stop.  "Get up!" I said pulling her off me and releasing my trapped
snake. 

"Finish me." She pleaded!

I stood and turned her around and bent her over the ledge I'd been seating on. 
With our feet in the water I pushed her over onto her stomach and easily entered
her from behind. She began to left herself up with her arms and I pulled them
back using them as reins on a horse I guided her back and forth.  I fucked her
until we were both ready to cum and then pulled her up and held from behind with
my left arm while my right hand found her clit.  It was dripping from her oozing
pussy juice when I began rubbing it.  We came together.  I unloaded into her sex
while she tried to wash me out with a tidal wave of her cum.  "Oh GOD! I've
never ejaculated before!  What a rush!  I really REALLY needed that!!" She said
as she turned to face me.  " I hesitate to say this.  I don't want to spoil the
moment, but I really do love you.  I've never met anyone who shares so much in
common.  Let's get married."

Wow!  I was not expecting that to come from her.  I began laughing.  "Please. 
Don't be mad but I was just thinking the same thing.  Is tomorrow soon enough?"

"No. But it will have to do!  We'd better get some rest.  Where did you put the
bag?"

"Its over there."

"Good!  Grab a couple of towels we can curl up over here."

"How about we just head back to the boat.  I had a nice room."

"We can't.  They won't be back until morning."

"What? I'm lost now and getting madder by the minute."

"Now settle down.  I'll explain everything.  Just come lay your head down in my
lap."

I was a little uneasy but did.  With my head resting in her lap she sat back
against a rock cushioned by a towel.  I stared up at the stars and a giant moon. 
"Ok.  I'm ready.  Where's our ride out of here?"

"Do you really know how Vivian's father amassed his fortune? His real fortune."

"I guess not."

"Have you ever heard of Pinnacle Pictures?"

"Yeah, I remember reading something about them or hearing something about them
on the news regarding Cyber Porn."

"You didn't realize it but Vivian is the Owner and President of Pinnacle
Pictures. It is a complex maze that no one has ever penetrated but she actually
owns it through several hundred offshore business deals and holding companies. 
Last year, Vivian netted, NETTED 350 million dollars.  Not bad huh?"

"350 Million" I repeated.

"Yeah!  And that was the worst year in the last 5.  Go do the math mister
wizard.  Remember we're talking net not gross but take home after taxes.  So
anyway.  Her dad got her into the business early.  He was an ass who would pimp
his wife for a $ 100.00 even though he had 50 million in his safe at home. The
rumor is that his jet didn't just crash but was taken down by a Japanese rival. 
Vivian just picked up the pieces and enlisted some shrewd help.  She buried the
corporation and laid low for a while.  Then she came out and has been playing
the out of control sex and party fiend. She really is a Sadistic Lesbian who
deplores most men.  You are one of a very few exceptions.  Anyway.  She has
always liked you but didn't know how to show it. Her answer was to bring you in. 
You get all the advantages but none of the risk.  We were an accident.  The
office deal was staged but not all the Maria deal.  She did get out of hand and
that's why she called me.  Or meeting was imminent but not planned. I do really
love you.  I think we are made for each other.  In the or out of this, I'm
willing to follow you.  What do you think?"

"Well it makes a little more sense now.  But it doesn't answer the two immediate
questions. 1) Where is she now and 2) What happened back on the boat?"

"I'm embarrassed to say this even but, I was jealous and still am a little." I
looked at her and she put her fingers on my lips," Let me finish, I see the way
you look at Contessa.  Her soft Spanish accent, long legs and massive breasts
make her attractive.  HELL she's supposed to be.  $ 5000 dollars in dental work
and who knows whom much really in plastic surgery she's built to catch a man's
attention.  Vivian is almost through programming her and she'll soon be the
biggest porn star ever.  I know my jealousy is unwarranted.  At least I feel
that we have a special bond that is deeper than great sex.  Now, about the other
issue.  Ignorance is bliss?  Are you sure you want to know?"  I nodded. " She is
sailing to meet a Yemen frighter that left New Orleans last night.  She's
trading with a Japanese businessman in Yemen.  White girls are very popular in
the Japanese underground just like Oriental women in the US.  Don't worry," She
said petting my cock.  "He'll have 2 new toys tomorrow."  She leaned forward and
kissed my forehead.

"Listen.  I would be happy just to be with you!  Monogamy would be a death
sentence married to you."

"I know but we all must have our toys and I really enjoy getting off while
another woman eats my pussy and you screw her brains out.  Besides, I'm not sure
that I can keep up to your pace, just yet?"  We chatted as we drifted off to
sleep.  I awoke to with Jean laying between my legs sucking my cock down her
throat.  It was great.  She worked her head up and down while she massaged my
balls and worked the base of my cock.  I wouldn't last long and I knew it.  I
pulled her up and she said, "Good Morning."  As she straddled me she began
bouncing up and down.  As I pumped her full of my morning cum as I rolled her
nipples between my thumb and forefinger.

"Hadn't we better make our way to the beach?" I asked.

"Let's take a morning swim and pickup a few coconuts first.  We have plenty of
time."  After a refreshing dip in the freshwater I followed Jean as we made our
way back to the beach picking up coconuts as we went.  We saw the Vivian
approaching and rushed to the skiff to meet her in the open water.  As we
approached, No Hope, we saw Vivian at the helm.  She motioned for us to pull
alongside. 

"Well?"  She asked.

"We're engaged!" shouted Jean.  "Everything else is OK as well.  I explained it
all to him.  He's fine with it."

"He's right here and can answer for himself!"  I was kind of mad.  "I wish ya'll
wouldn't act as if I wasn't even here!"

"How did you evening go?" Jean asked. 

"That guy is a hell of a negotiator!  I had to give a little more than I had
bargained for, but I did get two cuties.  Unfortunately I've been to busy
sailing back here to play with out two new toys."

"Where's Contessa?" asked Jean.

"She was the added cost.  I had to throw her in to get both of the girls below. 
Do you want to meet them?  They speak perfect English.  Mae Ling!  Bic Pghuen! 
Come up here!"

"What?!  They're loose?"

"Just wait!"  We waited as Vivian had said and watched two beautiful Oriental
girls make they're way up from the galley.  Both were dressed in schoolgirl
attire and had arms bound behind their backs.  Their feet were shackled with
heavy chains.  "Neither knows how to swim. They were found on their way to
school and were kind enough to volunteer to come to America!  Isn't that right?" 
Neither girl looked up.  Jean eased up to the girl in front.  She could not have
been over 5 feet tall and soaking wet didn't weight 90 pounds.  Jean's hand
snaked its way beneath the girl's school jumper. 

"Which one are you?"  she asked pulling at the girl's white dress shirt.  When
she didn't get an immediate response she pinched the girls nipple.

"Mae Ling!" cried the young girl. 

"How old are you?"

"18"

"And you?" Jean asked looking toward Bic.

"18" Bic looked down at her feet.

"They are so cute!  What do you think darling?" Jean asked.

"Well I can't tell much from her.  I think they are a bit small.  If you know
what I mean?"

"I do, but they're supposed to be petit.  Do either one of you have boyfriends?" 
Both just shook their heads.  "Bic why don't you entertain us by eating Mae Ling
out!"

"I have never done that kind of thing before. It would dishonor my family."

"You're family isn't here sugar.  Come here." Jean ordered.  As Bic neared, Jean
grabbed her by the smock and pushed her to her knees.  "Let me give you a quick
lesson." Jean said as she pulled down her bikini bottoms.  "Stick you tongue
right here and suck gently."  She added pointing to her clit.  When Bic didn't
budge, Jean grabbed her hair and pulled Bic's face into her crotch.  "Now lick
it! 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Discerningtop


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





