BDSM Library - Rabbit Island




Rabbit Island
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautiful young women are kidnapped and brought to Rabbit Island to satisfy the sporting and sexual appetites of its rich and kinky clientele. Jessica's competitive nature is revealed when she and the other 'beach bunnies' are obliged to participate in some very unusual sports. But life is not all bad for our heroines/victims despite their ever-present handcuffs and other torments.
RABBIT ISLAND

By Aurelius

Introduction

Beautiful young women are kidnapped and brought to Rabbit Island to satify the
appetites of its rich and kinky clientele. But life is not all bad for our
heroines/victims despite their ever-present handcuffs and other restraints. This
is a leisurely paced tale that attempts to develop characters and plots in
between the numerous female bondage scenarios. Although the premise of the story
is non-consensual (or is it?), the tone is light and hopefully sexy. The story
contains a variety of BDSM favourite themes,  however the main emphasis will
remain lovely female bondage.

This story is totally fictional and is written as an erotic fantasy for adults
only. Kidnapping and rape are morally wrong as well as being against the law.
The author does not condone any illegal activities implied in the story. The
author welcomes comments whether good or bad. Copyright Aurelius 2002. Please
kindly seek permission before reposting. That way I can at least give you a more
recent copy.




1. Freedom to roam

She had made her escape, and had managed to put an hour between herself and her
kidnappers. Only one problem: She was naked and in handcuffs, attached behind
her back.

It appeared that she was on an island, maybe Carribean, but how could she tell?
Apart from the place where she was held captive for the last week she hadn't
seen a soul. Her name was Jessica, a 22 year old American, but right now she
knew she was a long way from home.

And so she walked, naked and vulnerable walking on high grass lands, and able to
look down at a turquoise sea and a sandy beach. It was a beautiful place, she
had to admit it. Her captors also liked the island. They liked it so much, they
bought it ten years ago. Now they had the privacy to do whatever they wanted to
whomever they wanted. Jessica was now a part of that.

She spotted a wooden cabin on the edge of the beach in the distance. This would
be her destination and hoped-for salvation. Probably fishermen with some kind of
tools to break her out of these cuffs.

She descended from the uplands and having picked up a track was walking through
a small forest heading towards the cabin. Then she heard the distinct sound of
women laughing and talking in English. Jessica's heart was pounding with relief
and she readied herself to deal with the embarrassment of her naked cuffed
state. She called out as she approached them.

"Hello... can someone help me?"

Two women came towards her within seconds. They were pretty, young women, just
like herself. And they treated her with great sympathy and understanding and
took her back to their cabin. Perhaps that was not so surprising really as they
were naked and chained just as Jessica was.




2. Evening, baring all

"Do you speak English?", Jessica asked them.

"Like a native!", the tall blonde woman replied in a well spoken English accent;
the voice of a middle class girl from the 'home counties'. "Are you new here?"

"New? I just escaped from some guys that were holding me as a prisoner."

The English girl laughed. "You haven't escaped. They've just let you out. You're
one of us now. I'm Kate, and this is Maria from Spain", she said, gesturing with
her head to the woman next to her.

"I'm Jessica...I'm American!" she added and realised how meaningless that seemed
now that she had been kidnapped and brought to an island in the middle of who
knows where.

Kate moved her cuffed hands around to touch Jessica's arm and planted a quick
delicate kiss on her cheek. Maria did likewise.

"Don't worry Jessica, we take care of you.", Maria said with a strong Spanish
accent.

"Come on, let's go meet the others", said Kate excitedly. A part of her was
pleased to find a new girl was joining their group, even though that meant a new
prisoner had been added to the island.

Jessica followed closely behind as the two girls walked quickly along the track
out of the forest and onto the beach. Kate's hands were cuffed behind her and
she also wore a leather collar, like a dog collar from which a light chain
descended down to her cuffs. Small sturdy padlocks fixed the chain at each end.
Jessica was beginning to wonder what the hell she had gotten into.

Suddenly, Kate stopped in her tracks.

"Would you like some water", Kate asked Jessica.

Maria was already standing underneath a trickle of water coming from the end of
a pipe 7 feet high up on a rock formation. The water fell straight down into
Maria's upturned throat.

Maria moved aside having had her fill and Jessica positioned herself under the
thin line of cold water. She didn't know that water could taste so good!

"This is where you can drink water at any time. And down there is a freshwater
bath, like a dipping pool really", Kate said, refering to a water filled hollow
alongside the trickling pipe. The water from the pipe, when not being drunk,
constantly tops up the pool by her feet which was the about the size of a few
normal bathtubs. If Jessica had looked closely she would have seen that this was
a largely man-made feature, with concrete forming at least half of the
circumference of the pool.

After each woman had had their fill of water, they continued down the trail for
a few more minutes before coming to the start of the beach area and the location
of the hut that Jessica has seen an hour earlier.

"Everybody! This is Jessica, she's just been released from the Lodge.".

Once again the tone of Kate's voice was more cheerful than Jessica could
comprehend, given their current predicament.

Five young women were sitting, scattered around the front a simple timber-framed
cabin on the edge of the sandy beach. Various greetings were exchanged, some
smiling, others more reserved.

"Rachel, Juliette, Hannah, Kelly and Sumi, that's all of us here".

The other women sized her up warily: American, very nice long brunette hair,
attractive face, lovely teeth of course, and a real tits'n'ass figure that men
love. Although they were all 'sisters in handcuffs' it's a woman's nature to see
a newcomer as a potential competitor.

Kate invited Jessica to sit down on a bench. There were several like it: Planks
of wood nailed to the tops of one foot high log segments. A relaxed silence came
over the group as they stared out to the remains of a beautiful setting sun on
the sea horizon.

Jessica looked around at the group. All as naked and thorough handcuffed as she
was. Each one very attractive in their individual way, she thought. A collection
of female beauty. The people that held them captive thought so too.

Hannah and Rachel were seated on a bench with Sumi, a Korean girl, sitting on
the sand leaning against the bench alongside her. Rachel's fingers reaching out
to the side to stroke Sumi's lustrous long dark hair. Juliette and Kelly were
similarly positioned and Juliette was plaiting Kelly's hair into pigtails.

Jessica spoke quietly to Kate. Her question was simple: "Do you know why I am
here?"

Kate hesitated in her reply and it was actually Hannah that answered the
question.

"This is a holiday island where people come to enjoy themselves. All kinds of
sexual activities take place here, and we are here to add to their fun. We are
the reason people come to this island.

"They call us bunnies which has nothing to do with Bunny Girls. I think it has
something to do with all the rabbits on the island, and we roam freely like they
do. It's better than being called a whore, slave, bitch or whatever. Oh, and by
the way, we have to address the free people as Master or Sir or Madame if it is
a woman. Don't forget that or you'll be in trouble."

Hannah couldn't bring herself to say they were sex slaves, but that is what they
were, but this place was as far from being a dungeon as it was possible to
imagine. This was an island, privately owned and secluded. It had a wonderful
temperate climate all year round and rich fertile soil  There was no need to
keep their bunnies locked up in cells. The owners and guests could just go down
to the beach to collect them as and when needed. The group of eight bunnies on
this small beach was one of several similar groups on the island.

As other bunnies joined in the conversation Jessica learnt with horror that she
would stay handcuffed all the time she was not required in the Lodge. That was
the name of the place from where Jessica had 'escaped'. The Lodge was a secured
area containing a wide range of facilities that resembled a luxury resort hotel
in every respect.

Jessica's shoulders were aching from her afternoon in handcuffs. She moved her
arms a little and grimaced with pain.

"God, isn't there any way to remove these fucking handcuffs?"

Kate shook her head slowly and shrugged to give Jessica the obvious reply.

"Here, let me show you some exercises", Hannah offered. "Stand up and I'll show
you!"

Jessica stood, becoming aware that the action of standing now meant leaning well
forward and pushing strongly with her thigh muscles. Oh my god, she thought, a
life in handcuffs!

"Great! Now stand... feet apart...straight posture...head up and do what I do."

Jessica stood alongside of Hannah and copied her in a series of stretching and
shrugging movements. She heard and felt some gentle satisfying clicks from her
spine. The other bunnies were watching this little show as if to become more
acquainted with Jessica's body. It was a nice one, slim to medium build with
nice round breasts positioned high up her chest. They couldn't help but notice
her curvatious ass. A perfect angle formed between her buttocks and her spine.
Hers was a body that could dress to kill. Kate, having made these observations
was thinking that it would not be long before Jessica was back at the Lodge
dressed in the sexiest outfits imaginable for the visual delectation of the
guests.

Hannah's body was different, she had a lean, muscular, flexible body of an
athlete. Not every man's ideal type but still a body that mand and women just
had to watch. She was a former gymnast and yoga teacher. Hannah's dark hair was
cut very short but it suited her sculpted cheekbones. Even though she was
handcuffed, every movement was graceful.

They sat down again with Jessica's condition somewhat improved.

"Better?", asked Kate

"Much better thanks."

Kelly, the blonde baby of the group was looking rather cute in her new pigtails,
and had a teenager's eagerness to add something worthwhile to the conversation.

"Don't worry about the cuffs. We don't need to use our hands for much anyway,
and if you do need help with something there's always someone here that will
help you."

The others chuckled at her naive yet perfectly true statement. Kelly seemed to
be the last to get her own innuendo. She was right of course. They used each
other to do things they were unable to do with their own fingers! Jessica
blushed as she realised what the subtext to the conversation was.

"Jessica, you've gone all red!" said Kate, causing laughter all round.

Juliette, a gorgeous, slim and elegant French girl stood up and walked past
Jessica.

"Kelly and I are going to take a leettle walk", said Juliette. She was fluent in
English but spoke it with a strong French accent. Why would she want to speak
English any other way, when it sounded so delightful as it was? Jessica found it
odd that Kelly did not have any part in that sudden decision, yet the cute
blonde teenager also stood up. Just like Kate, Juliette wore a collar and chain
attached to her cuffs. Her hair was blonde and had a short feminine cut that
just touched her collar. The chrome plated chain somehow complemented the
delicate bumps of her backbone. Kelly followed eagerly behind Juliette as they
walked out of the group and along the beach into the darkness.

"Have fun!", Kate called out after them when they were already somewhat distant.

"Kate, can I ask you another question?", Jessica said tentatively.

"Sure. Anything!"

"Why do you and some of the others have a collar and chain attached to your
handcuffs?"

Kate had a notorious sense of humour and paused to formulate her latest unlikely
tale.

"Well, actually I'm Rachel's slave and she put these things on me. Now I have to
do her bidding and submit to all her perverted desires. She is such a cruel
mistress."

Rachel sat with mouth and eyes wide open at Kate's absurd statement, before she
decided to join in the fun.

"On your knees, bitch!", she called out to Kate.

Kate complied, and shuffled over to her on her knees and was kneeling between
Rachel's wide open legs. She made a rather forthright gesture with her tongue as
if to say "OK let's do it her and now!

There was a bit of sexual tension in the air as they all waited for Rachel's
next command. The truth was that Rachel would have quite liked a tender licking
from Kate but not there and then, in the presence of the newcomer. Rachel moved
her hands around to the side as much as her cuffs would allow and petted Kate's
head and then stroked her hair and face quite lovingly for a few moments.

"Now go back to your place and stop lying!"

Kate shuffled back over to Jessica, smiling as usual, and began the proper
explanation for the collar and chain.

"Actually you could say they are a prize, awarded to those that can move their
handcuffs over their bottom and in front of them. If the Masters catch you with
your hands in front they put these on you. It makes it impossible to pull off
the same trick again." Kate showed her back to Jessica and straightened her arms
downwards several times.

"You see, the chain is just long enough so it doesn't tug on the collar, so it's
really not a problem", Kate said while looking over her shoulder at Jessica,
just a few inches between them.

Jessica felt strangely stirred by Kate's little demonstration of her bonds. She
wondered whether anyone would have noticed that her nipples had hardened
somewhat. (Kate had, of course!).

Jessica (who was a strange young woman, as you will discover) thought that the
collar and chain was actually a 'good look'. She loved the fashion world and
worked in an upmarket apparel store. She always liked to help her customers
accessorize in the best way. Even though it was chains she was still interested
in what people wore and how it made them look.

"The chains suits you!", Jessica commented, bringing unanimous laughter from the
others.

"She needs more of them if you ask me!", Rachel joked.

Hannah got to her feet and looked down at seated Maria.

"Coming?", Hannah asked.

"Yeah, let's go", Maria replied, getting to her feet with a very large smile on
her face.

They wandered off in the same direction as Juliette had gone earlier. Jessica
noticed Maria's compact yet buxom figure. She had a pair of breasts like small
melons. They all gazed again at Hannah's wonderful body as she walked away from
them.

Jessica was curious. The group was gradually going off in pairs. Where are they
going?", she asked Kate.

"It's just private time to relax. We all do it." Her voice trailed off wondering
whether it was worth stating the obvious about what kind of relaxation two women
would be taking.

Jessica had the scary thought that she had ended up in some kind of lesbian
bondage orgy. But they were all safely restrained, so what could they possibly
do to her?

"Where are you from?", Rachel asked Jessica, her first attempt to strike up a
conversation with the newcomer. The inevitable talk between the two American
girls took place consisting of family, childhood homes and universities. The
outcome was that neither had anything in common with the other except their
nationality. Jessica was from Brooklyn, NY whereas Rachel was from Texas.
Jessica thought that Rachel was rather like Daisy Duke from the Dukes of
Hazzard, which was certainly a compliment in some respects but maybe not others.
It seemed that Daisy...sorry ...Rachel was a country-girl as much as Jessica was
a city girl.

Jessica concluded that the most interesting thing about Rachel was her breasts.
Although Rachel had a fine figure the breasts were a little oversized for her
frame. And what were those things on her nipples?

After staring at them for an impolite amount of time she asked the question.

"Rachel. What are those?"

"Well", Rachel said in her soft southern drawl, "we call them nipple hats and
the Masters call me a milkmaid. Maria's the same. Here, take a closer look."

Rachel knelt down in front of the seated Jessica. The objects were like little
sombreros the colour and texture of beaten bronze.The brim of the 'nipple hat'
was about an inch and a half in diameter and therefore covered most of the
areola while the hat space looked like an engorged erect nipple, which is what
it mostly contained. Jessica leaned forward to within inches of the breasts and
could see clearly how they were fixed on. A thin wire was threaded horizontally
through the sides of the hat leaving no doubt that the nipple was pierced by the
wire near its base. Then the wires from each side were brought together
underneath the nipple and fixed together with a tiny metal clamp. It reminded
Jessica of the things that utilities companies fix to their meter boxes to
prevent tampering.

"Wow! Do they hurt?", Jessica asked sympathetically.

"No, not really. Providing they are not touched. I've got quite used to them,
but it's very frustrating have your nipples locked away sometimes!"

Jessica imagined for a moment how it must be not to have access to her own
nipples. She loved to play with hers when she masturbated.

Rachel went on to explain that every day somebody would come to the camp, remove
the nipple hats by clipping through the wires and milk her breasts with a small
portable machine. Then the hats would be fixed on again until next time.

"But why are you lactating?", Jessica asked. She can be a very inquisitive young
lady.

"Well, I haven't been pregnant so I assume they are giving me some kind of
drugs."

Jessica nodded, "Yeah that would do it. Hormone treatments." She tried to act
horrified at the way Rachel had been enslaved, yet she always had a strong
maternal desire and was secretly quite envious of Rachel's milk-laden breasts.

After perhaps half an hour Juliette and Kelly returned to the group looking
relaxed and satisfied. Kelly although naked of course, still managed to look
slightly dishevelled. Her pigtails were no longer neat and she had sand stuck to
her lower belly.

"Now that you're back I think Rachel and I will take a little walk ourselves",
said Kate to Juliette. She looked back at Jessica sympathetically, sensing the
newcomer's anxiety. "Don't worry Jessica you're in good hands."

Jessica realised that she had just been allocated to Sumi. She was straight and
had never done it with a woman before. Now she had been paired up with an Asian
girl! I hope to God one of us knows what we are doing, thought Jessica.

Sumi, then spoke to Jessica for the first time. "Come on, we should also take a
walk!"

Jessica got up and walked along the beach with Sumi. The woman from Korea was
barely five feet tall and Jessica felt she was walking alongside a child, yet
Sumi had a mature serenity that gained Jessica's respect as they walked and
talked at a slow pace. They must have gone a few hundred yards before Jessica
was becoming aware of the serenity of this place. The beach sand was soft and
warm underfoot. The tide lapped very gentle on the shore. The cloudless and
moonless sky meant the stars shone bright. Jessica started to absorb her
surroundings, particularly the sky above her.

"Wow, that is awesome!", said the city girl who had never seen what the night
sky was like without the light pollution of the city. The immense broad band of
the milky way had revealed itself to another tiny insignificant lifeform. For a
few moments Jessica forgot the horrors of the week since her kidnapping and was
consumed with thoughts of the infinite and eternal.

"That is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.... Look! A shooting star.
There's another one!"

"Human words cannot be enough to describe it", Sumi commented. Although her
English was not fluent, her sound intellect was evident to all her fellow
bunnies.

"Come Jessica, we sit down and look at the sky."

Sumi led her over to a mis-shapen collection of timber - a badly wrecked rowing
boat embedded in the sand. Jessica sat down and leant against it. Her bare
bottom sitting on the soft dry sand. She found the wrecked boat supported her
back at a comfortable angle. She could just as easily look out to sea or up at
the stars. Sumi also sat down, not next to Jessica as she might have expected
but in front of her. A touch from Sumi's feet on her legs somehow obliged
Jessica to open the angle between her outstretched legs. Sumi was quickly
nestled in the gap between Jessica's legs. She leaned back very slowly against
Jessica's breasts and belly.

Jessica found herself deliciously trapped by the wood of the boat and the
softness of Sumi's body. Sumi's head rested on Jessica's left breast. She would
have loved to stroke Sumi's fragrant hair but with her hands cuffed behind her
all she could do was rub her face gently on the top of Sumi's head, lightly
kissing her hair. She nuzzled Sumi's ear noticing the large pearl stud earrings
she wore. The same type as Hannah's, she thought.

Sumi's hands were in the only place possible when the two of them were sat in
that 'sitting spoons' position, so Jessica was not surprised that she could feel
them touching her pussy.

Sumi looked up at her and Jessica saw the whites of Sumi's round sensual eyes.
Jessica was momentarily flustered by their intimate position. Oh my god, I'm
going to make love to a woman, Jessica thought. Sumi was well placed to note the
increase in Jessica's heartbeat and her anxiety.

"Relax, Jessica. I make you feel very nice, but I stop if you want me to" , Sumi
said softly. Jessica felt Sumi's fingers slip easily between her moist labia.
Sumi's thumbs located Jessica's clitoris and gradually worked the nubbin into an
aroused state. Jessica looked up at the stars but found it hard to focus. A few
minutes later she was finding Sumi's ministrations to be more than just
pleasant, she was getting very worked up.

"Stop...no...don't stop...ooh that's nice...yes...just there...oh my god...oh
god...thank you...thank you...". She was kissing Sumi as she came. Sumi bravely
finished off quietly as Jessica's teeth accidently bit into her neck. She
couldn't remember anybody bringing her to orgasm so quickly, and Sumi could
quite literally do it with her hands tied behind her back!

Jessica's body felt limp. She couldn't move but nor did she want to. Sumi too
stayed where she was, just repositioning herself a little so that Jessica was
more like the soft backrest she required. The dreaded "Ok, now you do me!",
thankfully never came. Although Jessica would have liked Sumi to repeat her
magic touch this was clearly not in Sumi's plans. They sat totally relaxed for
maybe a hour before heading back along the beach to see the others.

Back at the cabin area Jessica observed that a solitary lamp fixed to one of the
veranda posts provided a gentle diffused light over the area outside the cabin.
It had been on since sunset but Jessica hadn't noticed it earlier in the
evening. There were a lot of things like that: Things that were there all the
time but Jessica would not recognise them until much later.

Kate was sitting alone apparently waiting for them when they returned.

"How are you feeling, Jessica?", she asked.

"I'm feeling good thanks, but very tired", Jessica replied contentedly as Sumi
and Kate exchanged a conspirational wink.

"That's good, because it's time for bed", said Kate.

Kate led Jessica into the cabin. This was a simple prefabricated timber
structure: A shallow veranda ran the width of the cabin, protected by a four
foot overhang from the roof. The cabin door was in the center. Inside the cabin
sleeping platforms ran the full length of the cabin on either side of the door.
It was a small cabin, perhaps about 15 feet square, but as all of it except the
central aisle was given over to the sleeping platforms it provided fairly a
spacious sleeping arrangement for the eight occupants. In fact it could
accommodate sixteen. Each sleeping platform was topped with a leatherette
covered mattress that gave a seamless bed surface around 15 feet wide and six
feet deep. The inside of the cabin had no lighting but the single outside light
shone in just enough to see in the dark.

Jessica saw that a couple of the women were already in bed. Actually they were
on the sleeping platform each cocooned within a white sheet.

Kate explained about the way they slept."It can get a little cold at night but
if you wrap yourself up in a sheet like Kelly and Hannah over there you'll be as
snug as a bug in a rug as they say."

Kate held a folded sheet in her hands.

"OK, here's how we do it. Take hold of this corner in your teeth. That's it."

As Jessica did so Kate walked a sheet length away from her holding another
corner as high as her cuffed hands permitted.

"Good! Now just keep turning around until you are fully wrapped up. Keep the
sheet between your teeth and wrap yourself nice and tight." Jessica soon had
herself cocooned tightly from head to toe.

"There you are! Now jump on the bed and get comfy."

Kate cocooned herself with practiced ease with the help of a rusty nail in the
doorframe to hold up the sheet while she wrapped herself up. She jumped onto the
sleeping platform alongside Jessica.

Jessica was pleasantly surprised that the sheet holding her so snuggly was clean
and freshly laundered. There was another benefit from this arrangement: she was
wrapped so tightly that she could almost forget about her handcuffs. Within
minutes it was deep sleep that held her captive.


...to be continued




3. Breakfast buffet

(This is a chapter from Rabbit Island by Aurelius)

At the first signs of the new dawn, the eight naked and handcuffed bunnies began
to emerge from the cocoons. No elaborate unwrapping was necessary, the sheets
would just fall to the floor as they stood up.

The movement inside the cabin was sufficient to wake Jessica from her dreamless
restful sleep. She laid there enjoying her half-awake time as she always did.
She must have dozed off again because Kelly had returned to wake her. Jessica
was the only one still sleeping.

"Jessica...You've got to get up now. It's nearly time for breakfast."

Jessica wriggled herself to the end of the bed and stood up. The sheet fell to
the floor at her feet. Jessica shreiked, having momentarily forgotten about her
naked, handcuffed state. Her instinctive response, to raise her hands to protect
her nakedness was cruelly curtailed by the handcuffs.

"Shit, I forgot I was handcuffed!", she said to Kelly explaining her outburst.

Kelly took Jessica to the same water spout that Kate showed her yesterday. It
was at least five minutes walk from the cabin but Jessica noticed the well trod
path. She would be able to find it by herself in future. After Kelly had drunk
her fill Jessica positioned herself under the narrow trickle of water. She was
thirsty and the water tasted so good! Jessica let the cool water run all over
her face like being under a very weak shower.

"Jessica! Don't bother with that", Kelly called out.

Jessica turned around to see Kelly jumping into the small pool alongside her.
Jessica didn't hesitate to follow, certainly not long enough to think how cold
the water would be. They were both whooping with delight at the shock to the
system of the cold water. Fed from the same water they were drinking from, they
knew it was safe for bathing. Getting out of the water was easy as steps had
been constructed under the water at the time of the pool's construction.

With no option of towelling themselves dry Kelly led Jessica straight on to the
next part of their mornings duties.

"Here is where we...um...",Kelly hesitated, as she looked for a polite phrase.

"Go to the bathroom?", offered Jessica using the American dialect's most well
known euphemism.

"You've got it! You can straddle the stream on these rocks and squat down. It
all seems to wash away alright. You can use leaves to clean yourself afterwards
if you want, but I don't bother anymore. Sumi says that most of the world
doesn't even use toilet paper. Do you think that's true?"

"She may be right!" - Jessica thought that was a tough question to ask a girl
from New York.

They finished their bathroom duties without further comment or need of foliage.
A gentle splashing in the stream indicated that Jessica had moved to the other
side of the world in at least one respect.

As they walked back to the cabin Jessica was pleased to learn that breakfast
would soon be served, and was curious to know how.

Back at the cabin there was a scene of naked women loitering. Seemingly relaxed
yet anxious at the same time, like when you don't know whether to be worried or
not. All eight women were now standing around near the cabin. In their midst was
a long stainless steel tray. It was about eight feet in length, nine inches wide
and with a lip about one inch high. It rested on one of primitive benches they
were sat on the previous evening.

Some of the women talked quietly but they were actually listening for something.
Eventually the noise came that the were expecting: A gentle rhythmic ringing of
small bells. The bells' sound stopped and they immediately took their positions
kneeling on their calves, four of them on each side of the steel tray.

"Sit next to me", Kate said to Jessica, resuming her role as unofficial minder.

Jessica and Kate had their backs to the beach and also to the direction that the
footsteps were coming from.

"Good morning bunnies!", came a man's cheery voice. An Australian. The mood
seemed to lighten as if the women were somehow relieved. Various greetings were
returned back to him.

Kate whispered to Jessica: "This is Ray. He's quite nice to us usually."

"It looks like there's a new bunny here this morning. Who would that be?", Ray
said, enjoying the sight before him. He liked this view; when they sat kneeling
bum on heels - it made their hips seem wider and more voluptuous and the waist
narrower. He also shared Jessica's appreciation of the collar and chain running
back to the cuffs. The shapely rear views of Kate and Juliette wearing this
arrangement and sitting next to each other had definitely stirred his loins.
Jessica also had her back to him and she had definitely passed his shape test. I
just need to get the new bunny set up with a collar and chain - he thought to
himself. He stood behind Jessica, his shadow cast upon her and Sumi opposite.

"You must be Jessica, the American Beauty. I know the bunnies will take care of
you here. If you behave yourself and do what the Masters tell you then your stay
here will be more pleasant for you. And make sure you listen to what your
friends say, or you will be punished."

Jessica looked up at him over her shoulder. He was a sunbleached blonde, heavily
tanned, wore khaki shorts and a smart white polo shirt. His mirrored sunglasses
seemed to reinforce his superiority over her, as did the Indiana Jones style
whip curled up in a circle and attached to his belt. She vaguely recognised him
from her awful week at the Lodge but didn't think she had had any direct contact
with him. This was true. Ray, however was fully aware of Jessica's history.

"Breakfast today is porridge followed by a sloppy spanish omelette. Fresh eggs,
potatos, onions and some melted cheese." He carried two insulated steel
containers and started to ladle the contents onto the tray. A reasonable dollop
of both was served in front of each bunny. They ate immediately in the only way
possible, 'mouth to food'.

He thought they looked 'cute', pretty women eating like pigs at a trough. As he
was partly responsible for cooking the breakfast, it gave him some satisfaction
to see his culinary efforts being devoured with gusto. Content that they were
all eating he carried out the routine inspection of the cabin. He was entitled
or rather - required, to deliver on-the-spot punishments for any infringement
such as mess in or around the cabin, or misbehaviour from the bunnies. Other
Masters on the breakfast rota were not as lenient as he was.

Everything in the world was in order as far as Ray was concerned: Another warm
sunny day on this tropical island doing a job he loved... Eight naked and
chained bunnies kneeling before him in good health and spirits... His new
ponygirl pair was pulling nicely... More good sex than he ever dreamed of! He
knew there were other things in life but right then he couldn't think of any.

The bunnies had soon finished their breakfast. Their long tray was almost as
clean as before breakfast started. The last of the breakfast was now around
their faces. Jessica, being new to this style of dining was somewhat more messed
up than the others."Jessica, it's breakfast, not a facepack", joked Kate rather
cruelly. Each bunny licked clean the face of her neighbour. Mostly this
consisted of a dab on the chin and nose. Jessica's face presented Kate with
another breakfast!

Ray saw the mess and appeared to be angry with them."bunny kate and and bunny
jessica... go to the old whipping post... now!"

They got up and headed for the post which was on the far side of the cabin, out
of sight of the other bunnies. Ray poured a litre bottle of orange juice into
the tray. Freshly squeezed from their own orange grove on the island. The six
remaining bunnies slurped happily.

Jessica had been whipped several times during her week in the Lodge and was
trembling with fear at the thought of a beating. There was also the New Whipping
Post just a few yards from where they ate their breakfast. It was used for
'public' punishments where the bunnies could witness the victims receiving their
punishment. The Old Whipping Post where Kate and Jessica were headed was used
when the Masters needed some privacy.

"Jessica, don't worry. He's just going to give us a quick swipe", Kate whispered
to reassure her trembling companion as they walked slowly to meet their
punishment. Jessica wasn't convinced. Ray soon caught up with them as the
walked.

"Ray, can I ask you something?", Kate enquired cautiously.

"Sure!"

"Have you seen Sandra lately? I really would like to know how she is doing."

Ray paused before replying. He had a little surprise in store for her, and the
whipping appointment was merely the pretext. They turned the corner of the cabin
near where the old whipping post stood. Nearby a gravel track came to any abrupt
end, or start, depending how you look at it. It was the winding track back to
the Lodge.  Standing there were Ray's two ponygirls attached to his lightweight
single-axle trap. One of the ponygirls made an unintelligible vocal sound.

"Eeeiihhhh."

Kate turned to look at the ponygirls. One of them was Sandra.

"Oh my god! It's Sandra!"

Ray smiled as Kate ran over to Sandra. He loved reunions."No touching!" he
shouted as he and Jessica also walked over to the ponygirls.

Kate and Sandra stood face to face and had an animated conversation, although
Sandra's side of it consisted of nodding and various noises.

To Jessica's surprise, Ray put his hand on her arm in a friendly manner as he
led her over to the ponygirls. He was proud of his ponygirls and was keen to
show off to the new bunny.

"This is ponygirl karita...from Denmark and this is ponygirl sandra from
England. Ponygirl sandra used to be in your cabin before being transferred to
the stables four weeks ago. She's been on a tough training schedule since then
and yesterday she was presented with her first plume. This is her first full
working day."

Jessica remembered once seeing some pictures of ponygirls while taking her
degree in Linguistics at NYU. Some photos were passed around her sorority as a
kind of joke. She honestly thought such a ridiculous photos was some kind of
hoax. One of the photos was stuck to the notice board for a while. It
disappeared one day. No one ever suspected that Jessica had kept it for herself. 
Now she was face to face with the real thing. She was dumbstruck!

The ponygirls were naked apart from thick leather straps fastened tight around
their bodies. They stood, quite calmly, with beads of sweat covering them. Both
were tall. Taller than Jessica, Kate or even Ray. Ornate plumes as the top of
the heads added further to their imposing stature.

Ray saw Jessica's open-mouthed expression of awe, and decided to give Jessica
and Kate a guided tour.

"I've got at least half an hour to kill while I wait for Pedro so why don't I
show you and Kate around my ponies?", he said to Jessica. Being around four
naked bound females was the most natural thing in the world to him.

He had been a sports instructor in his previous existence, and proceded to show
the ponies to the girls in instructor-style detail; pointing, tugging and
stroking his ponies as he explained.

"There are three main parts to the ponygirls outfit. The bridle, the harness and
the boots", pointing to each section of karita's outfit as he said the words.
Jessica with her interest in linguistics enjoyed his pronunciation of bridle
which sounds like as broydle. 'Classic Australian' she thought.

He continued: "Let's start at the top with the bridle: By which I mean all the
straps and fittings around her head and in her mouth. There are two straps going
around the head. On top we've got the brow strap. It fits tightly around the top
of the head right across the forehead. No buckle is needed as this is made to
measure for this pony. It can't slip down because of the plume strap fixed to
each side going over the top of her head. The other strap going around the head
is the bit strap which is always level with the mouth and ends in these two
large steel rings either side of the mouth. Next there are the two vertical
straps. This one starts at the brow strap runs down behind the ears then
intersects with the bit strap before buckling under the chin. I don't like to
make this too tight on a working day like today as it can dig into the neck.

"The vertical strap in front of the ears is called the blinker strap. Again it
intersects with brow and bit straps. This one also buckles under the chin and
should be always be tight because it keeps the jaw clamped against the bit in
her month. These little protruding squares of leather on the strap are, of
course, the blinkers as worn by racehorses. They prevent the ponygirl from
seeing anything to the side of her, thy cant even see each other. That way she
doesn't get distracted when running, she has to keep her eyes on the track in
front. The good thing about a made-to-measure 'headstall' is the clean lines of
straps because the only adjustments needed are done with the two chin straps.

"This little chain clipped on the bottom of the chinstrap and fixed to the band
above her tits is called a Martingale. It prevents any wild movements from her
head. In fact with this little chain in place they can't even turn their heads
enough to see each other."

"Now we come to the bit. This is the one I prefer for a working day. We call it
a gumshield bit. It has white gumshields for top and bottom teeth fixed to an
adjustable steel frame which clips onto the rings as you can see. Take a look in
her mouth. It's wedged open by the bit. You see she has a good open airway and
no chance of damaging her tongue or teeth. If I turn this wingnut at the side of
her mouth like this it turns a ratchet in her mouth, increases the angle of the
gumshields and you can see her mouth open wider. One more turn... yeah that's
better."

Karita stood relaxed and poised throughout the demonstration, apparently
enjoying the attention of her driver. Ray always handled her with great care and
respect yet had acquired the pony driver's technique of never addressing
ponygirls as if they were human. This was an integral part of their ponygirl
experience. But is doesn't mean they lacked dignity; it could be argued that
their lives were far more dignified than many of the females on the island that
were no more than slaves.

"Now we come to the harness. All the leather straps on her body actually make
single garment adjusted to fit the ponies perfectly. It's got to be good and
tight but still comfortable, otherwise her performance will suffer, and so will
she if there are any chaffing points.

"Ponygirl karita has three different harnesses... this is her working harness.
As you can see it's got a nice worn-in look. This harness has been around a few
years now. They get refurbished and refitted before they are allocated to a new
pony."

"Basically, what we have here is these three wide leather bands or belts, one
above the breasts, one below the breasts and one around the waist. The top band
goes outside the arms rather than in the armpits, the straps going over each
shoulder keep this band in the perfect position.At the front, this thin strap
running down the front from the top band to the waist band separates the breasts
very nicely."

The palm of his hand traced the strap slowly between Karita's good sized
breasts. He slipped his fingers under the vertical band and in doing so the back
of his hand touched Karita's breast. Karita closed her eyes for a moment,
apparently taking pleasure from his touch. He continued: "See how tight the
straps are?" You can see that the bands are buckled quite tightly in front of
her and padlocked just in case." He didn't elaborate just in case of what!

"Now step behind ponygirl karita so you can see how I fix her arms." Kate and
Jessica playing the attentive students followed him round to get a good view.

"Her lower arms are crossed and the wrists are held together by this thick strap
which is riveted to the back of her middle band. Buckled and padlocked of
course! The straps just above each elbow are tied off tightly at the back of the
waist band as you can see. That prevents unwanted arm movements and helps her to
maintain correct posture. The elbow and wrist straps are wool lined which so
they perfectly comfortable for long durations. The hands are not needed for
anything so we place them into a fist shape and lace them up tightly in into
these suede bags."

Jessica wondered whether Ray ever had to suffer what his ponygirls went through.
Of course he hadn't! She had to bite her tongue to prevent herself saying
something sarcastic about how helpful Ray was being to Karita, but if the
wisecracking Kate was keeping quiet then she should too.

"Now you see that at the back of each band are two D rings. So that gives us six
anchor points for the rig for each pony. It takes a pony driver quite a while to
learn how to balance the tension in each anchor point to get the best pull from
them. I think I'm getting pretty good at it now if I do say so myself. Can you
see that lever on the cart that looks like a gearstick? That's almost what it
is! If I push it forward it creates some slack in the top bands and allows the
ponies to lean forward more. Very useful when going up hill or carrying a load!"

"This brings us on to the reins. I think these are great! The ponygirls all have
the nippleds pierced and fitted with permanent rings. The reins start at their
nipple rings, connected to them with these nice little padlocks... they hardly
weigh a thing. The reins then go upwards from the nips, get threaded through the
bit rings by the side of her mouth and then go back into my hands. I can then
pull on the respective rein to indicate a left or right turn. Notice how it tugs
on their nipples when I pull. It soon gets their attention. But don't worry, the
nipples are more durable than you might think! It's actually quite safe because
the rein has what we call a stopper ring fitted at a particular position, so if
I pull hard the stopper gets caught by the bit ring. That means the nipple can
only be tugged about three or four inches maximum, before the stopper ring meets
the bit. Then the bit takes the strain."

"The other reins between her legs is for starting, stopping and changes in
speed. Again the reins start by being clipped on to the nipples, they meet to go
through a D ring at the front of the waistband, then downwards to their pussies,
creating this lovely Y shape. Then we come to the part I really like... there
are six rings through the labia  -three on each side. arranged alternately. They
line up quite well so the reins can be threaded through all the rings then up
between their legs and back to me in the trap. As you can see my ponies are
perfectly hairless and well oiled down there, so there is minimal friction.
Ponygirl karita opted to have electrolysis done on her pubes, but I'm still
using wax on ponygirl sandra.

He stuck a finger through one of Karita's labia rings and pulled."You see? Quite
strong. They don't have to take any strain they just act like channels to keep
the reins right where they are most effective. Once again a stopper ring is
fixed into the rein at the right place so that it stops at the waist belt if I
pull tight."

He grabbed the reins behind Karita's bottom and pulled to demonstrate. Sure
enough the reins moved smoothly throught the labia rings and the breasts were
pulled down a few inches before the stopper rings met the waist band. Karita
yelped just once as if surprised rather than hurt by the demonstration.

"It looks like they could do with a little more oil down there. I'll get the
bottle." He reached into the small plastic crate under his seat and retrieved
the bottle of clear liquid. "This a like baby oil but more oily. Now hold out
you hand Kate and I'll just pour a little oil into it...there you are...now you
can take care of ponygirl sandra. Jessica, hold out your hand... you can
lubricate ponygirl karita. Be sure to get your fingers right under those rings
and the leather reins."

Kate did as requested. She stood right in front of Sandra, flashed her beautiful
friendly smile then turned her back to her old friend so that her palm could
easily rub in the oil. Jessica watched for a moment before doing the same with
Karita. It didn't take long to elicit obvious grunts of pleasure from both
ponygirls.

"Nice little ponygirl....mmmh.. You like that, don't you?... Does that feel nice
when I touch you there?", Kate said to Sandra while massaging in the oil. She
ensured that Ponygirl Sandra's clitoris was properly oiled along with the rest
of her pussy area.

"Hey, you little sluts! That's enough now. This is supposed to be a vehicle
maintenance session, not an orgy! Still... it looks like you've done a good
job... Are you sure you haven't done this before?"

Ray hadn't finished his little tour yet. He pointed to the ponies' leather
boots. They shared the same russet brown colour as the bridle and harness
straps. Now Jessica knew a thing or two about shopping for shoes and clothes but
never had she seen anything like these. They laced up to just below the knee and
looked quite durable. But where there should have been a heel there was nothing,
just the space where the high high should be. A substantial hoof-like shape
contained the foot. Jessica was amazed.

"So the ponies are on their toes all the time?", she asked.

"No, not at all. The boots just gives that illusion. Their feet are very well
supported. They can run and stand quite easily as you can see. It may look like
a hoof from the side but underneath there is a good outdoor sole." He kicked her
left hoof and Karita instantly lifted her foot behind her so they could see it.

"Did you hear the bells, just then? Notice the line of small bells running down
the back of the boot." He kicked the right one and again she lifted it."Can you
hear how they have a different ring pitch. I'm not musical but I was told that
the right bells are a fifth higher pitch than the left. That means they
harmonise. When I get them trotting nicely together it makes a beautiful sound!"

Ray got a plastic water bottle out of the trap and squeezed a stream of water
into each of the ponygirls wide open mouths. Then he gave each ponygirl a firm
rubdown with a towel, not appearing to pay much attention to the complex
arrangement of piercings and leather straps that held them. "It's funny how a
good rub down always makes their nipples go hard, huh?", he said. Jessica prayed
he wouldn't comment on her own erect points.

"Yep, these ponies cost a lot to kit out, and need a lot of training and
maintenance but when they turn out like these two it's really worth the effort."
Ray seemed to get a little emotional as he said those words. It is not recorded
exactly what Karita and Sandra thought of that comment but everybody likes to be
complimented so we can assume that they would feel quite proud of themselves at
that moment.

As usual Jessica had questions:"What are those lovely plumes on the top of their
heads."

"They're ostrich feathers. Those are awarded to the ponies when they pass
particular tests. Different colours, different sizes, to be honest I still don't
understand how all the grading works. I do know that they look good and these
ponies have earned the right to wear them."

Jessica definitely saw the two ponygirls subtly nod their heads at this last
comment.

Kate also had a question, slightly more delicate: "Um...I thought ponygirls had
to wear buttplugs and dildoes... but yours aren't."

Ray laughed."Well spotted! Believe me, they are properly plugged when they are
on parade but this is a long working day and I need my ponies to run about
twelve miles today, I don't want them distracted by things buzzing between their
legs."

Ray looked at his watch."9:30 already, and still no sign of Pedro. I said I'd be
at the orange grove by ten, and I still haven't given you your whippings!"

He took the light pony whip from the trap and marched Kate and Jessica over to
the whipping post. He made them stand on either side of the tall solid square
post so they were both sideways to it."Lean all the way forward and raise your
hands. A thick well-used rope dangled from each side of the post. He threaded it
under the cuffs of Kate's raised hands and looped the end of the rope to a hook
high up the post. That left her standing, bent right forward with her hand fixed
up high behind her back. A few seconds later Jessica rigged up in the same
manner. It was the most common punishment position, as Jessica would discover
over the next few days. Their two well-presented rear ends were ready to receive
their punishment.  Ray particularly liked the way Jessica's wiggled in
anticipation as she shifted nervously from foot to foot.

"OK my naughty bunnies. You've got five strokes each for making a mess at
breakfast and five more for agitating my ponygirls during routine lubrication."

Ten sharp strokes for each of them caused brief stinging pains and each stroke
had left a visible red mark. Ray was no sadist but knew his responsibilities. He
knew other pony drivers were a lot harder on the bunnies, but that wasn't his
problem. He seriously considered getting Kate to give him a blow job while she
was conveniently positioned but knew that Pedro was due at any moment. Pedro
appeared right on cue, wearing his usual backpack with all the equipment he
needed. He noticed the two recalcitrant bunnies still held in their punishment
position.

"So the new bunny is in trouble on her first day...it's good to discipline them
straight away before they get any stupid ideas." He gave the bent-over Jessica a
quick look over and squeezed her dangling tits. These are promising, I may have
a word with the boss about them." He handed Ray two clear plastic bags filled
with milk. "Nearly a litre from each today which is not bad, although it took
bunny maria a long time. Put them in the cool box and stick them in the freezer
as soon as you get to the orange grove."

Ray nodded. He knew the routine."OK Pedro if you let the bunnies down I'll get
moving. See you in the bar at four".

"I'll be there." Pedro unhooked Kate and Jessica's ropes and walked off to his
next appointment without giving them a second glance. He'd been doing this job
for a long time!

Ray had just mounted the trap and was about to ride off. The girls stood and
watched him with a newfound appreciation as he sat with both hands full of
reins. His movements were so subtle that they could not see what he was doing,
nor did he even say a word. It almost seemed like magic that the ponies and trap
turned through 180 degrees and had soon trotted into the distance, the
harmonised rhythm of bells becoming quieter with every step.

coming soon ...football, bunny style...Jessica in trouble...Sumi's night out




4. Match of the day

Kate and Jessica wandered back to the cabin feeling fine despite their light
whipping. They were both still rather turned on by the ponygirl encounter and
their whipping at the hands of Ray had done nothing to diminish those ardour.

"Jessica, do you play football?", Kate asked. Not realising that the American
would have in mind two hundred pound men wearing plastic body armour.

If she were a much larger woman she might have thought Kate was insulting her.
It happened that Jessica was an avid sports fan. She thought for a moment
longer."You mean what I call soccer, don't you?", she said hopefully.

Kate, who didn't know much about sport wasn't sure.

"Yes I think so. We usually play a bit of football in the mornings." Kate looked
into the distance where the other bunnies were. Jessica's eyes followed. They
were playing soccer on the beach! On this strange island where Jessica found
herself it almost made sense. Eight women with their hands cuffed behind them
would struggle at basketball whereas soccer was no real problem. Jessica had
always exercised daily so was eager to join in.

"Can you kick a ball?", Hannah with the lean flexible body, asked Jessica.

"Sure", answered Jessica nonchalantly. She was part of America's soccer
generation, and had played right through high school and college.

Hannah, their unofficial sports mistress took charge.

"OK then...Listen up everybody! Today Jessica will play with me, Kelly and
Sumi... usual rules, first team to score ten."

The goal posts were just small branches stuck in the sand. The ball was much
lighter than a regular soccer ball and caused no problem to their bare feet.

After brief team talks by the respective captains, (Hannah and Juliette) the
game commenced. They were not playing with the offside rule (of course!) nor
with goalkeepers (obviously!).

Hannah kicked off, passing straight to Jessica, a southpaw, who had taken her
natural left sided position. She was instantly under pressure from Rachel the
fiesty Texan, so passed back to Sumi before making a run upfield expecting a
pass to reach her as she ran into space. However, Sumi shrieked at the
realisation that the ball had just landed at her feet with Rachel and Kate
closing down on her from different directions. Kate was soon away with the ball,
heading towards the goal with only Kelly to beat. Drawing Kelly towards her
meant Kate could make an easy diagonal pass to Rachel who slotted the ball home
with ease.

After Sumi had made Jessica promise not to kick the ball to her in future,
Hannah kicked off again. The ball was back at Jessica's feet once again so she
thought she would test out the opposition and venture down the left wing and
maybe put a cross into the goal mouth. Maria came over to cover her but Jessica
quickly flicked the ball ahead of her and hurdled Maria's ineffectual tackle. By
the time Jessica had caught up with her kick-ahead, Kate had come out to make
the tackle, and with little attempt to play the ball shoulder-charged into her.
Jessica went flying but with her hands cuffed behind her couldn't protect
herself from a hard landing and a mouthful of sand. By the time she picked
herself up Juliette had received a long pass from Kate and tapped the ball
through sticks unopposed.

The game continued in this lighthearted yet competitive manner, and despite a
growing rapport between Jessica and Hannah they could not deal with the robust
and efficient style of Juliette's team who finished as 10-6 winners. The
winners' prize would come later.

***

Two men sat watching on a cliff high above. One handed the other a $20 bill. "I
win again", said one to the other, kissing the note and sticking is straight it
his pocket.

***

Jessica's shoulders were aching from the numerous falls she had taken during the
game. The others, it seemed, had modified their style to avoid too many tumbles.
She took Kate to one side. "My arms are aching badly. I want to try to get my
cuffs in front of me, even if it is just for an hour." Kate had already told her
that Sumi and Rachel still did it occasionally. Kate also did this trick herself
until she was spotted a couple of weeks ago. They moved over into the shade of
some nearby trees while the others had taking a refreshing dip in the ocean.

"Go on then Jessica, let's give it a try." Kate was skeptical that Jessica, with
her slim shoulders and plump sexy ass would manage this little trick. Jessica
writhed on the ground grimacing and groaning as she attempted to get the cuffs
under her ass.

Jessica eventually laid still on the sand, close to tears."Dammit, dammit,
dammit."

Kate saw how close Jessica had got and thought she could help."Stand up,
Jessica. You have to try again. I'll help you."

Jessica stood. Kate showed her how to bend forward from the shoulder in a way
that made her spine curve forward.

"Now, keep bending like that for a few minutes to get your back nice and
flexible."

They tried again. Jessica laying once again on her side in the sandy dirt
beneath the trees. Jessica bent forward from the shoulders. Kate stood over her.
Her feet positioned behind Jessica's calves, thus prevented Jessica's legs from
straightening. It worked! Jessica managed to clear the handcuffs over her ass.
She rolled onto her back and had no difficulty pulling her feet through. She
laid on her back with her cuffed hands waving around above her, a blissful smile
on her face. Kate was a little envious but shared in her new friend's delight.

Jessica stood up and lifted her hands over Kate's head and behind her shoulders
to give Kate a celebratory cuddle and a kiss. She stopped suddenly perhaps
feeling Kate's tension and released Kate from her embrace. She understood in an
instant how the equality in their relationship had changed. Although still as
firmly cuffed as ever she could now do many nice things that Kate could not.
They went to join the others in the ocean, racing each other across the sand.

***

The two men still watched from their clifftop view. They were on an extended
lunch break enjoying the scenery as well as the soccer game with its gambling
opportunity.

"Binoculars! Quick!". They were quickly tossed from one man to the other. The
losing gambler managed to verify what he had spotted. "It looks like the new
bunny has just switched her cuffs. Who's on the supper run tonight?"

***

A swim in a warm tropical ocean is fun even in handcuffs. It was even better for
Jessica with her hands in front of her. Juliette hadn't seen her getting into
the water. Jessica had swam over to her, the water up to their necks. "Hi
Juliette, I thought I should pay you back for one of your tackles on me." She
then reached out and squeezed both of the French girl's nipples with her fingers
and thumbs. Juliette shrieked at the unexpected pain. Before seeing Jessica's
fingers break the surface of the water between them. They laughed together at
Jessica's wicked little joke.

Eventually their playtime in the water ended. Kate and Jessica quickly running
back into the trees to revert Jessica's handcuff position.

They returned to the cabin after taking an essential detour to their water
spout. Back at the cabin, Jessica joined the others in their next activity:
Sunbathing. She had to be careful of her undertanned biniki areas so retired to
the sleeping platform after a little more exposure to the strong tropical
sunshine. The thought of itchy sunburned skin whilst restrained in her current
fashion was quite a scary thought.

Jessica managed to sleep through the hottest part of the day but not before
shedding a few lonely tears as she tried to make sense of her new life.

to be continued....




5. Jessica earns her collar, Sumi suffers

The sun was lower in the sky and the temperature was a little cooler. All eight
of the bunnies were gathered around their primitive benches. Jessica helped
Hannah to clean their long steel tray with a wet cloth which was a torn section
of one of their sheets. The bunnies were allowed to keep a supply of such
things. Even with their hands cuffed behind them it wasn't difficult to clean
the tray and lay it on one of the benches. However a slip of the tongue from
Jessica called the item they were cleaning the 'trough' instead of the 'tray'.
Hannah's response was strong and dignified.

"Jessica, try to remember that we are not animals, even if the so-called Masters
may treat you like one. Animals eat out of a trough, we use this tray. We are
forced to eat from the tray with our mouths because of the way we are chained,
otherwise we would choose to use cutlery. However they may think of us we should
try to treat each other as human beings, and we never call or refer to each
other with the names they call us. Please remember this!"

Jessica nodded, suitably chastised. Hannah was right. Sometimes it seemed that
some of the other bunnies were content as they were, or at least resigned to
their predicament. She now knew that it didn't apply to Hannah.

While waiting for supper to arrive Juliette had fixed up Jessica's hair in a
rather cute ponytail rooted high up the back of her head. That would help keep
her hair out of the food during supper! Jessica's thick brunette hair made a
luxurious tail and her lovely appearance was complimented by all. She had worn
her hair in a ponytail many times before but always with her face heavily
made-up. She now felt a different kind of nakedness, without so much as a
foundation cream on her face.

They heard the familiar sleigh bell sound of a ponygirls approaching and the
bunnies assumed their positions by the tray. Kelly, Jessica, Kate and Juliette
with their backs to the sea and the cabin.

"It's Master Kurt", said Maria quietly. He was American but born and raised in
Germany. His face always seemed to display a cruel smirk. He didn't have much of
a sense of humour. That seems to be what happens when someone derives most of
their enjoyment from the misfortunes of others.

"Good evening bunnies... I trust you had another relaxing day. You really don't
know how lucky you are...never having to work...or cook...or cleaning the
house...somebody always on hand to serve you dinner!".

They knew better than to speak in his presence. His eyes lingered on at each of
the bunnies in turn until he reached Jessica. He was standing right behind her.

"Bunny jessica, stand up please!", he said in his natural Gestapo voice. The
'please' in no way indicated that this was merely a request. Figures in
authority often like to use polite language even when they have absolute power
over the person they are addressing.

She got to her feet. Her worry was etched all over her face, and visible to the
other bunnies. She still didn't even know what Master Kurt looked like, although
judging by his breath upon her neck he was probably just a little taller than
she was. She felt his fingers touch her gently on the side of her neck.

"Such a pretty neck. You really should keep your hair up it just like it is
now.", he suggested.

She then felt something going round her neck and thought Master Kurt was about
to strangle her: So why was Maria smiling at her at a time like this? He buckled
the leather collar and put a finger between it and her neck to check its
tightness. She only realised what had happened long after everybody else.

Then she felt Master Kurt doing something to her handcuffs. She heard the solid
click of a padlock closing and then felt the chain between her fingers as it
dropped from the handcuffs to the ground. Moments later he lifted the chain up
to her neck. One of his hands pushed down on her handcuffs to ensure that the
length of chain between the cuffs and collar was correct. Another click of a
padlock signified that the collar had been locked with the chain attached. She
shivered at the coldness of the chain against her spine. She could also feel the
tingle of a second piece of chain at the top of her back. This was just the
three inches of excess chain after it was attached to the collar. There was no
point in cutting a perfectly good chain so the surplus was left to dangle from
the collar. She closed her eyes and could feel her nipples hardening and her sex
becoming moist.

"Sit down, bunny jessica", he commanded in the same imperious voice.

She gladly resumed her kneeling position hoping that her part of the show was
over.

"Bunny sumi, come to me please."

She got up and walked around the tray in and towards him. Her eyes were level
with his chest but cast downwards towards his feet. He lifted her hair from the
side of her neck to reveal a badly bruised area.

"Bunny sumi, how did you get that bruise?"

"I fell when we were playing football", she replied meekly.

"And did you fall on a set of false teeth?"

Typical, Sumi thought, everybody's been looking at the bruise all day and no-one
mentioned the teeth marks to her!

Kurt marched Sumi to the whipping post just a couple of yards from where they
all sat. He soon had her standing bent over because her hands had been tethered
high up the post.

He detached a bullwhip from his belt and diligently took up his position as if
he were a baseball batter at the plate. Five hard strokes were each punctuated
by a sincere "owww!" from Sumi. The bunnies knew that this particular whip was
not too harsh. Kurt liked using it because it could give the effect of a good
thrashing without causing heavy welts. Sumi's pain was short lived and the marks
would disappear within a few days.

"Bunny sumi will not be joining you for supper as she must spend the night
standing in the activity zone. You may pay her a brief visit later." Kurt then
took Sumi by the arm and escorted her along the beach.

While the bunnies watched Sumi walking into the distance they hadn't even
noticed Riccardo waiting patiently with two steel containers. Steam billowed
from the containers as he prised off the lids. As the bunnies' noses twitched to
the aroma of herbs and peppers they soon forgot about poor Sumi.

Riccardo ladled generous helpings on the tray in front of each bunny. They
hadn't eaten since breakfast so had built up a good appetite. All but one of
them dipped their faces straight into the food as soon as it was in front of
them.

Jessica sat looking at the food, hungry but consumed with guilt and her eyes
full of tears. Sumi's punishment was Jessica's fault and everybody knew it. Kate
looked up from her supper. "Come on Jessica you have to eat. Sumi will be fine.
This kind of thing happens all the time. If you eat your supper I'll take you to
see her later."

Kate's clever proposition obliged Jessica to enjoy the meal if she wanted to
visit Sumi later.

The meal was surprisingly good. A butterbean casserole rich in peppers and
herbs, with a tasty spinach side-dish. Jessica was informed that bunnies were
never given meat.

What followed the meal came as even more of a surprise to Jessica. It was the
sound of a cork being pulled from a bottle. A clear plastic beaker half-full
with white wine was placed before each of them. A chilled New Zealand
Chardonnay, a spicy nose and a buttery finish, a perfect accompaniment to their
food.

Jessica quickly followed the lead of the others in picking up the beaker with
her teeth and slowly tilting her head back. Didn't she do this while playing
stupid drinking games at college? she thought to herself. The wine tasted
incredible given her current predicament. Jessica savoured the wine, drinking a
little at a time. Nobody was in a hurry.

***

While supper was being enjoyed, Kurt was marching Sumi along the beach to the
activity zone. It was an area that contained a number of thick wooden posts
fitted with shackles, a set of stocks, a large scaffold structure like a set of
swings without the swings, as well as a brick built barbeque and picnic tables.
A light fitting similar to that at the cabin provided sufficient light against
the encrouching darkness.

The activity zone is often used for social barbeques, punishments and by the
various Masters as a place to spend private time with his favourite bunny. It is
on the edge of the beach sheltered by the high cliff. A steep and primitive
staircase leads up from there to the cliff top and from there it is just a short
walk to the Lodge.

Kurt took off the small backpack he wore, fished out of it a large beach towel
and spread it out on the sand. Sumi flashed her demure yet seductive smile at
him and turned her back on him offering up her cuffed hands. He unlocked one of
her cuffs, spun her around and locked it on again so her hands were in front of
her. The stood face to face.

Sumi's cuffed hands crawled up his chest, while Kurt's caressed her hair. He
embraced her and kissed her forcefully on the lips, and they tumbled as one onto
the beach towel. She laid out passively, her arms lying in the sand framing her
head.

The humourless Master was becoming the passionate lover, hurriedly removing all
his clothes. He had been aching to have her soft body against his since hearing
about her love bite earlier in the day. A jealous Master? Surely not!

He lay alongside her propping himself up on an elbow. His free hand traced the
contours of her body from her sweet breasts to her moist hairless sex. He loved
how her small breasts kept their shape even when she laid on her back. Erect
nipples standing proud on her small soft domes. He took her each of her nipples
between his teeth and sucked them as if they were the sweetest thing he ever
tasted. Her body responded to his touch as it usually did. He felt her legs
wanting to open for him, and manouvred himself to accommodate, his penis was
erect and ready to penetrate her.

He took up what they jokingly called Rapist position which is similar to
Missionary position but with his hands, firmly holding down her wrists either
side of her head, his legs keeping hers wide and the penis firmly docking itself
into her vagina. His gentle early thrusts gradually transformed into strong
urgent ones, with Sumi definitely along for the ride! As he started to climax,
he sensed Sumi's own orgasm and held back enough to pace his finale and fade
sufficiently for Sumi's repeated pleasure. For those ten brief minutes they
would feel as one, body and soul, although neither understood why or how. He
wished he could lay there with Sumi's soft warm body for hours, but there were
duties back at the Lodge. He took some consolation from knowing that she would
belong to nobody else that night.

He helped Sumi to her feet, grabbed the towel and his small backpack and led her
over to a thick square wooden post. He gently pushed her back against it. She
stood silent and dignified as he lifted her cuffed hands just about her head, so
that her arms loosely framed her face, much as they were when they made love but
now she was standing. The links from her handcuffs met with a chain dangling
from higher up the post. He had a padlock in his hand open and ready and snagged
the links at this intersection onto the padlock u-bend before pressing it down.
Sumi heard the ominous click of that padlock.

The post he had chosen had a pair a steel cuffs permanently fixed at the bottom
of the post. He placed these cuffs around her ankles, and closed them down the
slowly on her ankles. Sumi heard the familiar noise of clicking ratchets in the
ankle cuffs and knew her fate was sealed. The feel of metal cuffs above her
ankle bones and the limitation it made to her leg movements had a profound
effect on her feelings of being a victim. She felt like Andromeda the innocent
virgin who was chained to the rock to be sacrificed to the sea monster, before
Perseus came and rescued her.

Master Kurt stood back to savour the view of the lovely Asian girl, so recently
his lover, now standing helplessly in her chains. Her soft round eyes still
looked at him in the same way as when they were laying on the blanket.

"Master, I'm hungry", she said meekly. The first words either had said since he
took her from the cabin.

He paused, not expecting such a request. He too was hungry, but dinner was
awaiting him back at the Lodge. Their eyes met and he took pity on her. He had
the remains of a small chocolate bar in his pack, just a couple of chunks was
all there was. He offered up a piece of the chocolate to her lips. She took it
gently from his fingers and he briefly felt the softness of her lips against his
fingers. He was stirred, and annoyed to find himself so easily turned on again
by her. Sumi however had not intended to seduce him, she was simply hungry. The
chocolate was soon finished so he gave her a swig from his water bottle.

He was nearly done with her for tonight. Reaching into his pack once more he
pulled out a ball-gag. A bright red ball with a neat black strap. She opened her
mouth as wide as she could as Kurt approached her. A gentle push was required to
get the rubber ball behind her teeth. Without prompting she rested her chin on
her chest so that Kurt could do up the buckle. A tug told her the buckle was
fastened. A firm click told her it had been padlocked and would stay fastened.

This was one of Kurt's favourite images: A beautiful naked oriental girl,
ballgagged, chained hand and foot to a post and destined to spend a lonely night
in that sacrificial pose.

One last job to do before he had to leave her. He used the towel to wipe the
moisture from her body, paying attention to her breasts, sex and the crack of
her ass. Sumi's nipples hardened once more in response to the deliberate actions
of the towel. That was a good moment to leave her.

He packed up the towel, and with a lingering glance but not a kiss, he left her
and headed back up to the Lodge. He hoped there would be spare female available
for him tonight.

***

Around half an hour later Kate and Jessica arrived at the Activity zone, and saw
poor Sumi, chained and gagged.

Jessica was crying, on her knees in front of Sumi. "I'm so sorry, Sumi. It's all
my fault. I should have told him it was my fault." Sumi shook her head as if to
disagree. Trying, but not able to form words behind the red ball. She wondered
what she might have said if she wasn't gagged: That she and Kurt had just had
great sex? There was really no benefit in mentioning this to anybody.

Jessica moved forward and kissed Sumi's sex tenderly. Sumi shook her head
violently and grunted through her ballgag. She didn't want or need further
attention from anybody tonight.

Kate intervened. "We should go, Jessica, they have infrared cameras mounted
around here. We could get in more trouble if stay too long." Sumi nodded in
agreement.

They left Sumi to her lonely vigil and headed back to the cabin, consoled by the
knowledge that Sumi would be with them in the morning for breakfast.

Four hours later Sumi was losing hope that Kurt would return to her that night.
Nor had the sea monster claimed her although in her mind there was always that
fear. 

She moved her feet forward the few inches the chains would allow. It helped.
This was enough to plant her ass firmly against the wooden post. Then she leant
forward so that her handcuffs above would take her upper body weight. It was not
going to be a comfortable night but she knew from experience that sleep would
eventually claim her.

to be continued....




6. Nocturnal Admissions

Back at the cabin the bunnies had paired off again. That was when Jessica learnt
a few more of their self imposed rules.

The result of the soccer game had been more important than she imagined. Each
player on the losing team had to provide a service to members of the winning
team on the evening after the game. Due to the unavailability of one of the
losing team (Sumi), Hannah had sportingly agreed to take on two of the winning
team! The only pairing left to be made was Jessica and Kate! Usually the winner
decided, within reason, what service they would like to receive.

A one of the winning team, Kate had to think of something. She liked Jessica a
lot. They were becoming good friends, spending most of their days together, so
she didn't want to push Jessica into something physical that might hinder their
growing friendship. There was also the small matter of the vicious lovebite on
Sumi's neck. She didn't really want one of those! As usual, Kate had an idea....

Kate led Jessica into a part of the forest that she knew well. A place where she
would sometimes go to be alone. The thick canopy of the trees above provided
shade in the daytime and darkness at night.

Jessica was feeling concerned about where Kate had taken her. It could not have
been more different to the previous night's encounter with Sumi. It was almost
pitch black where they stopped.

"This place is kinda spooky. Are you sure you know where you are going?",
Jessica said nervously.

"Yes, we're here now...Wait a second.", she had with her a torn piece of sheet
that she placed over a tree stump and carefully positioned it. "Now sit down on
the sheet very slowly and make yourself comfortable." The whiteness of the sheet
seemed to have a ghostly glow in the darkness.

Jessica did as she was told and sat down on the very uneven surface. After an
initial discomfort she realised that it made a pleasant and intimate contact
with her cunt. She wiggled around a bit and it got even nicer. She was sitting
on Kate's second favourite place.

Kate went over to her favourite place, about 12 feet away from Jessica. A large
partially broken off branch was still partly attached to the tree but with its
end resting on the ground. She could sit astride it like a primitive wooden
horse. Although the branch was at an angle she found it easy to stay in place
due to a conveniently placed stump that provided, shall we say, a kind of seat.
She lowered herself gently so that the stump just began to enter her. At the
same time she felt another stump pressed insistently upon her anus. Although the
penetration was shallow, the pressure on her clit was 'just right' for her. She
could barely make out Jessica's shape in the darkness.

 "Are you comfortable, Jessica?"

"Hmmm, yes I suppose I am. What exactly do you want me to do for you? I can't do
much from over here."

Kate thought differently, and knew of a hot topic that they both wanted to talk
and think about!

"I want you to talk about what you thought of the ponygirls today. What did you
like about them? What do you think of Ray?"

Kate leant slowly forward until she felt the rough mossy bark against her skin
between her breasts.

Jessica began to speak...

"I thought the ponygirls looked kinda cool - or should that be hot - in all that
leather, and the smell was fabulous. I saw a photo of a ponygirl once and it
always, like, fascinated me for some reason. But to see the real thing today all
sweaty and strapped up like that was...well, I've gotta say it turned me on a
little. Especially when we rubbed that oil on them... and the ponygirls liked it
too, didn't they? I can help wondering if all those nipple and labia rings hurt
with the reins tugging away and rubbing against them?"

Kate's branch began to creak. "Keep talking Jessica!"

"I even liked their boots. Imagine going out to a party in them!...Wow!...Oh,
and I like Ray too. The way he treats the ponygirls is ...", she tried to think
of the right phrase."Firm but fair. I think the ponygirls really like him. If he
can handle a woman in bed as well as he can handle a ponygirl...well just
imagine!

With more musings from Jessica on similar lines Kate soon managed to bring
herself off with a gentle, rocking lovely satisfying orgasm. She laid still,
resting out along the branch, hoping to be away from the island before she had
given names to these trees.

 "Kate, you used me!", Jessica said in mock anger, now fully aware of Kate's
little perversion.

"Yep, I used you, and the tree. Anything to get some relief. I've been feeling
so horny lately! Let's go get a drink of water and get back to the cabin, we can
talk some more then. She picked up the torn sheets that covered both of the
seats. They would rinse out the evidence when they got to the water supply.

Back at the cabin, it was much the same atmosphere as the previous night except
there was somebody missing. Jessica remembered poor Sumi, spending the night
alone.

Other bunnies were still up and talking when they returned.

"How ees your new chain, Jessica?", asked Juliette.

"The chain? God, I'd almost forgot it was there! It's OK. It feels quite nice
sometimes when it touches my back."

"You won't be tweaking my nipples anymore, you bad girl", said Juliette laughing
and thinking about the incident in the sea after the football match.

"Do you know, Jessica, wiz your hair up in a ponytail like zat and ze collar you
are wearing, you look quite lovely."

Jessica flashed a broad smile and was deeply flattered by the French Girl.

Before going to bed Jessica wanted to ask more questions.

"I've noticed that all of you are wearing the same pearl stud earrings, and I
can feel that I am too. Is it some kind of uniform?"

Kate answered: "It's true. They are unique to our group. There are other groups
like us on the island. The Masters refer to us as the pearl bunnies sometimes. I
also heard them talk about gold bunnies, maybe they have gold earrings or
something? But I think there is more to it than that. I'm sure they are fitted
with some kind of tracker device so they can follow our movements to find us if
we hide. I've seen a little hand-held computer they use. You can't remove the
earrings, because it looks like they are soldered on. They would have done yours
when you were knocked out."

That brought Jessica to her next question. "We have all been brought here
against our will, kept in chains, abused and whipped. I should be feeling like a
miserable wretch and so should all of you. But we are not miserable, are we?"

The answer to that question was more complex and a silence descended on the
group.

"Well, we have good days and bad days you know. Maybe you've just seen the good
days so far", Kelly offered.

"Jesus, Kelly. I had good days and bad days in New York! Sorry, I didn't mean to
shout at you, but this is different."

"They put stuff in the food.", Kate said. "Riccardo told me. High doses of
Ginseng, Guarana, Berocca, vitamins... all kinds of good stuff. That's what
keeps us from feeling down. It also perks up the sex drive as you may have
noticed", she said, winking an eye at her.

Rachel, the Texan chose her moment to speak."Jessica. There's something I want
to ask you, but you don't have to answer. When you were in New York did your
lovers ever tie you up? Did anyone ever beat you, or keep you as a slave?"

Jessica was appalled! "No, no and no, never. That's crazy. How could you think
such a thing?"

Now it was Rachel that had a tough question to answer. "Jessica, honey", she
continued softly, "a while ago we all compared our recent life histories and
each one of us admitted that we had been in relationships that included bondage
and discipline. Every single one of us. I'm pretty sure that is more than just
coincidence."

Jessica wasn't lying. She had never had such a relationship, although she would
have liked one but never found the right man in her social groups.

What Jessica didn't tell them was that she had written many short stories with
BDSM content that she had posted to various internet sites, but how could that
possible have anything to do her current situation?

End of part 6

Coming up...Jessica meets the milkman...weblog of a pony driver...the cage...the
hunting party...




7. The Milkmaids

It must be the sea air - Last night Jessica slept well yet again. She woke only
because of the general morning commotion in the cabin. She rose and went with
Kelly to the same water spout as she did yesterday. Their pairing formed simply
because they were the last to rise in the mornings.

When Jessica and Kelly returned, Sumi was back with them for breakfast, tired
and hungry from her night chained to the post, and glad to be rid of that big
red ball in mouth. She accepted the bunnies' sympathies with grace but made
light the whole episode. They had all been through similar torments before,
although maybe not her encounter with Kurt, she hoped. He was such a bastard,
making love to her so sweetly before hanging her up for the night, she thought.

Ray, the blonde Australian, was on breakfast duty again, so everybody was in
good humour. He'd heard the good news about Jessica's new collar and chain, and
was delighted to see the four slim backs of Jessica, Kate, Juliette and Kelly
all with the chrome chains running down their spines from collar to cuffs.

He tugged on Jessica's chain. "Stand up bunny."

She stood and faced him. "Nice collar. Did you know you were born to wear a
collar like that?"

Oh, the embarrassment! She hated herself for smiling at him, so obviously
flattered.

"Now, hold still while I inspect the collar to make sure it's not damaging the
skin."

He pulled the collar away from her skin all the way round while rubbing in a
little Vaseline as he went. No problem so far, but the Masters always check the
collars in the first few days. He patted her bottom and told her to sit down.

Breakfast today was grapefruit segments from their own orchard followed by
kedgeree; a rice and fish recipe.

After breakfast it was time for the Maria and Rachel to be milked. Jessica was
pleased to discover that she was permitted to go with them. A hundred yards
along the beach near where they play football they found Pedro waiting for them
in the usual place. He was sitting on the ground leaning against a tree and
reading a magazine. By the way, reader, it was Pedro that set Sumi free earlier.

"You've come to watch?", he said to Jessica. He didn't mind the occasional
visitor providing they behaved themselves.

Maria and Rachel sat down at adjacent trees. They crossed their legs in front of
them, yoga style. Pedro gestured for Jessica to do likewise against a tree
facing them. He went to Rachel first, wrapped a thick belt around her ankles a
couple of times, and buckled it tightly. Maria and Jessica were treated
likewise, then Pedro returned to Rachel.

She was already leaning forward waiting for him, her ripe breasts pushing down
on her crossed legs. Pedro stood over her and placed a trainer-clad foot
carefully on her back as if to tie a lace, but instead unlocked one of her
cuffs. He kept his foot pushed down on Rachel's back until she had refastened
her own cuffs together in front of her. Then she raised herself back upright and
lifted her hands above her head against the tree. Next to her handcuffs was an
eye-bolt fixed into the tree. Pedro padlocked her handcuffs to it. He repeated
the same method on Maria and then Jessica.

Jessica found out later that Pedro's foot pressing down on her back was a
standard procedure: Whenever handcuffs were removed, even temporarily, the
bunnies should be face down on the ground to discourage escape attempts. Rules
were rules and Pedro always followed them.

Jessica felt pleased not having her hands behind her back. She now considered
having hands locked above her head a relative luxury! That was a fringe benefit
the milkmaids had every day!

Pedro was attending to Rachel again. It was time to remove the nipple covers. He
used a pair of wire cutters to clip the joined wire below her metal covered
nipple and very slowly pulled out the wire. A slightly pained expression on
appeared on Rachel's face. Once the wires and covers were removed from both
nipples her expression changed to one of relief and anticipation. Maria's nipple
covers were removed in the same manner. Pedro then wiped their nipples with a
mild antiseptic and dropped the nipple covers into a sterilising solution.

Next came the milking. He used a well-known commercially available breast pump.
He thought his would have been a great endorsement for the product. "As
recommended by top human milker, Pedro Garcia."

He had the top of the range model, fully portable, with DC adaptor, variable
speed control and 'handy carrying case'. He placed the pump alongside of Rachel,
switched it on, gave the nipples a good pinch before attaching the suction cups
to her nipples. Within seconds the precious white fluid was trickling down the
plastic tubes into a clear plastic pouch that rested in front of her sex. While
Rachel was happily giving up her milk Pedro repeated the process with Maria. As
usual Maria's breasts needed a bit of stroking and squeezing from Pedro before
the milk came. He was always happy to oblige.

Jessica was looking across at the two contented milkmaids, eyes closed, milk
oozing gently from their round breasts. Watching them was making her feel quite
agitated, in a pleasant way! She could almost feel her own breasts acting in
sympathy with theirs. She desperately wanted to touch herself and knew that if
she wasn't so well secured she would be doing so. This could be embarrassing,
she thought.

Pedro had sat down at the same place as before and continued to flick through
his magazine. Jessica couldn't help noticing it was a baseball magazine. Maybe a
chance to distract herself!

"How are the Met's doing?", she enquired.

"They're going good. Four games ahead at the top of the conference."

"Fantastic". She tried to think of her beloved New York Met's as a way to keep
her juices in check.

Shortly after a man arrived. It was Master Alex, a man of some importance on the
island. A man who inspired devotion and loyalty from the staff, someone who knew
that respect has to be earned. Someone who knew every female on the island.
Intimately!

Even though he was dressed in the similar casual fashion to the other men, there
was something in his attitude that gave the impression of authority. A lean and
fit fifty year old with a handsome face, steel grey eyes, and a distinguished
receding hairline. Pedro was respectful to him and yet pleased, even honoured,
to be visited by him while he worked.

Master Alex turned his attention to Rachel. His hand touching her face. She
smiled and rubbed her cheek against it like an affectionate cat and then she
kissed his palm.

"Look's like she's milking well", he called out to Pedro, staring down at the
milky pipes.

"Yes, a very reliable yield and she's a fast and easy milker too." They knew how
to flatter a woman!

"Bunny Maria, how are you today?", he said bending down to kiss the hair on top
of her head.

"I'm good, Master Alex", she replied with a sunny smile.

Noticing the slowness in her milk flow he gave her breasts a tender massage, and
got the milk flow to increase.

"Thank you, Master Alex", Maria said.

Then he turned to Jessica.

"A Met's fan.", Pedro reported sorrowfully to Master Alex.

He tutted. "Such a waste. To spend your whole life as a Met's fan. Can you
imagine?" He looked down at her, pitying the Met's fan, not the chained-up
kidnapped girl. The man knew how to tease. He crouched down in front her. "Bunny
jessica. You are even more beautiful than they said. If you are interested, I
think you have the makings of a fine milkmaid, although I bow to Pedro's greater
expertise on these...err....points!"

She followed his eyes to her erect nipples, and felt herself blushing. Never had
anyone disarmed her so quickly!

Master Alex departed cheerily. Today he would inspect the whole island
travelling around 12 miles on foot, and hoped to catch a lift from a ponygirl
driver for the final leg back to the Lodge.

Twenty minutes later and following some more attention from Pedro's hands,
Rachel and Maria each had a small bag of their own milk nestling between their
pussies and their bound ankles. Pedro removed the equipment and put the milk
sacks away in a chilled pouch while their breasts enjoyed ten minutes to recover
in the open air.

Then Pedro refitted the nipple covers, a wire carefully placed through the now
very sensitive nipple, twisted together beneath it. Pedro had a little crimping
machine which he used to fix the wires into the tiny metal clip. Then he snipped
the excess wire with his wire clippers. The job was done for another day. Pedro
was happy. Rachel and Maria were happy. Jessica was confused.

Ray then had to reverse his routine with the cuffs. Minutes later they were
cuffed hands-behind and heading back to the cabin. Jessica knew that Rachel
couldn't wait to tell the others how horny the new bunny got while watching the
milking!

***

Meanwhile Kate was on her knees, buttocks resting comfortably on her heels. Her
collar was attached to the old whipping post by a short chain. She was licking
her lips after Ray had removed her ring-gag. Does he still not trust me? she
thought, feeling slightly offended. Ray was zipping up his shorts, a contented
man.

Pedro arrived shortly after and handed Ray the milk with his usual instructions.
They both set off in different directions, leaving Kate still attached to the
post, by a simple clip that any bunny but her could undo.

Kate sat kneeling at the post and looking serenely out at the ocean. She had no
pressing appointments to worry about and was happy to sit, contentedly soaking
up the sun until she was discovered. It was Jessica that stumbled across her
twenty minutes later.

Kate had been unable to do anything about a small splash of Ray's semen across
her breast. If she could persuade Jessica to lick it off, then that would be
just perfect, she thought to herself!

to be continued...




8. Weblog of a ponygirl driver

Rabbit Island was a long way from the so-called civilised world. Even the author
doesn't know its exact location! Luckily the internet allows people as much or
as little contact with the rest of the world as they want. Ray often surfed the
net in his spare time and enjoyed staying in touch with his globetrotting
buddies. They knew he had landed a great job on a private island working in the
stables. He often mentioned his ponies in his emails but had neglected to
mention that they had only had two legs. Another one of Ray's hobbies was
keeping up his weblog "Notes from a ponygirl driver". It was read by thousands,
although his loyal reading public thought they were enjoying the deluded
ramblings of a lonely office worker in Melbourne! Here are some recent
excerpts....

August 1st

...I can't believe we sold ponygirl melissa last month! She was a damn fine
pony; strong, elegant and even kind of pretty for a ponygirl. I'm missing her
badly. I loved the way her firm ass wiggled when it was swiped by the whip, the
way she smelled and panted after a fast run...The way her eyes looked at me when
I rubbed her down. On the positive side she fetched a large sum at the auction
and that means a good percentage goes straight into my deposit account!

August 2nd

... new ponygirl arrived today. She was one of the island's bunnies so at least
I know what I am getting. She's about 5' 8" (170 cm) tall and weighed in at 127
pounds, which is a good match for ponygirl karita. I have to report she's not a
great looker but then nor is karita. However, once she is fitted out with a
bridle and harness she'll look as good she needs to. They both have good bodies
and that's the most important thing for a ponygirl. It's sad but true, that as
one of the least attractive bunnies on the island, she got more than her share
of rough treatment in the Lodge. It always happens that way. She will be much
better off if she can make the grade as a pony.

August 3rd

...ponygirl sandra must have done ten miles round and round the training ring.
All I have to do is attach a thirty foot rope between her bridle and the post in
the middle of the ring and send her round it over and over again. Background
music at exactly the right tempo helps her keep an even pace and stride. My part
of this training is easy but still requires a lot of concentration. I sit up in
a high chair like a tennis umpire and give her an occasional crack of the whip
on her ass if she drops her pace, or loses her stride pattern. She is unhappy,
but that is to be expected at this stage of the training. She'll be alright.

August 8th

...ponygirl sandra got her piercings done today. One ring through each nipple
and six more in her labia. That means we're confident she'll make the grade.
We've also measured her for a custom-fitted working harness. It can take a
couple of weeks to make, so she'll have to continue wearing one of the
uncomfortable spare harnesses until it's ready.

August 19th

...what a bitch of a day! The first day out with ponygirls karita and sandra
fitted on the trap. Tempers were frayed between us all. If they weren't so
securely harnessed I swear they would have had a big fight. In the end I had to
give ponygirl marita a good whipping for being so impatient with her new
partner. Then they they were both in floods of tears, refusing to go any
further. I towelled dry their faces and tear spattered breasts and tickled their
ribs until their mood changed. It improved greatly after their little tantrum
and last hour of exercises was went well.

August 20th

Today's workout on the trap was a big improvement on yesterday. The training
days can get repetitve so I'll take the time now to explain to my loyal readers
more about the setup of the trap:

The trap is a lightweight frame with a large mountainbike wheel each side of its
only axle. The double seat is balanced over the axle, and can be adjusted
forward or back as needed. On this type of carriage the ponygirls have a big
effect on the comfort of the ride. If they don't run smoothly it can be quite
unpleasant for the riders, almost like being seasick! But with a good pair of
ponygirls pulling you along it is fast, exhilarating and great fun. The trap is
fitted with two adjustable shafts one on each side of the pair. The attachment
bar runs between the two shafts about a foot behind the ponygirls' backs. Straps
fixed her are attached to the ponies' harnesses. Think of it as an extendable H
shape, with the trap underneath it, and the ponies secured within the top space
of the H. The ponies are each secured by up to six points to the attachment bar.

The shafts are adjustable in length by means of the telescopic fitting at the
trap end. As a rule the longer the shaft the easier the ride. When driving new
ponies it is better to have a long shaft to start with and bring them shorter as
they develop a smoother trot. Shorter shafts simply gives a more sporty ride.
Eight feet is long, five feet is the shortest for the type.

One of the pleasures of riding a trap is putting your whip skills to the test.
The whip we use for this is a long flexible rod with a thin piece of leather
dangling from the end. The object is to plant a sharp lick on each of their
asses, ideally with a single back and forth stroke. It's for encouragement not
punishment, but make no mistake they know wheh they've been hit! The skill
reminds me of fly-fishing but a lot firmer!

August 24th

What a proud day for me! Ponygirl sandra passed her bronze standard trials,
performing well in the dressage ring and the pony and trap test circuit. The
silly ponygirl was shedding tears of joy when she was awarded her first plume.
Quite touching really. Later the other workers held a party to celebrate and I
drunk too much as usual.

August 25th

An early start for us today, I was glad to be back on the breakfast rota. This
meant having the ponygirls all harnessed up to the trap and ready by eight
o'clock.

I went to the kitchen and helped Carmel our wonderful Filipina cook to get the
food cooked and packed up. Carmel's a good laugh and I enjoy having a coffee and
a cigarette with her before starting the day. While I was in the kitchen I knew
the ponygirls were running through a predefined routine of leg stretches so they
were warmed up and ready to go.

Returning to the ponies, I stowed the breakfast supplies under the seat and
jumped aboard the trap. I gave a quick tug on their reins and we were on the
road by eight thirty. It was three miles to the first stop, but an easy downhill
run.

After a faltering start the ponygirls soon found their rhythm, and a harmonious
sound of bells came up from the boots. The various outposts of the island are
connected by narrow firm gravel tracks. Ideal for ponygirl transport and not
much else, but that's all we use on the island anyway! Environmentally friendly
transport.

After five minutes trotting I reached a straight section of track about a mile
long, it was time to give the ponygirls a chance to stretch their legs. I held
the whip ready and then planted a couple of stinging licks of the whip on the
ass of each pony. The pace quickened accordingly. They were looking good: Their
securely trussed up bodies holding steady while below the waist their
hoof-booted legs were trotting in rapid unison. I really can't understand why
this is not an Olympic event!

I could hear them breathing loudly as they reached cruising speed. At that pace
the blood needs a good supply of oxygen and these ponies had the lungs to
deliver it.

As the straight track came to an end I gave very small tug on the lower reins so
that they would slow down. It worked. A good driver with well trained ponies
needs only the smallest tweak on the reins to get the desired effect. You don't
need me to tell you how responsive a woman's nipples are.

When I reached the bunnies' cabin my ponygirls were breathing heavily but
without discomfort. I knew their recovery times were good. I can report that
they had enjoyed the run, obviously savouring the open road and having a purpose
to their journey. I could see it in their faces.

I found the bunnies naked, handcuffed, tanned and looking as lovely as ever. I'm
sorry my employer does not allow me to post pictures, so you must use your
imagination as usual. There was a new American bunny that was very striking.
Probably too pretty to become a pony, but that's OK because a pony driver is not
permitted any sexual contacts with his ponies. Now that's is an interesting
dilemma: Would I rather have a beautiful girl as one of my ponies, always
restrained and under my whip, or would I rather she wasn't a pony so I have
occasional chance to make love to her? I'll get back to you on that one.

to be continued...




9. The transport cage

Jessica was walking along the beach to kill an hour before supper and enjoying
some rare solitude, and she was deep in thought. She sat down and leant back
against a convenient placed whipping post, and looked out across the sand to the
shimmering sea and the clear blue sky.

After five days living with the bunnies on the beach Jessica had almost settled
into their routine. She scarcely even noticed her handcuffs, collar and chain!
Kelly was right, if she needed her hands, one of the other bunnies could always
help her. It's amazing how the most absurd circumstances can start to feel
normal given enough time and a few repetitions. She was eating well, sleeping
well and was learning more about making out with women that she ever wanted to
know.

She began to think that her cruel regime of cold, hunger, severe restraints and
punishment she suffered during her week at the Lodge had been designed to made
the life of a bunny on the beach seem pleasant by comparison. Perhaps that was
the idea, she thought, to make the bunnies feel grateful for what they had!

There was another problem: Her libido was stronger than she had ever known, as
if being deliberately nurtured. She was getting too much 'into' things. A
kidnapped girl like her should be hatching escape plans not thinking about
whether to become a milkmaid! She had decided to get a grip on herself and
figure a few things out.

How many days had she been away from home? And how had she ended up here? She
cast her mind back a couple of weeks...

It was supposed to have been a wonderful two week vacation from her job as a
speech therapist - her first holiday as an independent adult and first time ever
out of the USA: A trip to Thailand to meet up with a college friend, Nancy, who
was backpacking around the world. They had been making the arrangements for
months as Nancy travelled around Asia, using Internet cafes to log into
chatrooms where they would agree their itinerary.

After the long flight from JFK via London she arrived at Bangkok feeling pretty
good, having slept well on last leg of the journey. It was just 7 a.m. when she
cleared customs. 

Amongst the crowds at the arrivals gate she was surprised to see a man holding a
neatly written sign with her name on it.. Nancy was supposed to meet her, but
the man said she was ill in bed with a stomach upset, and had asked the hotel to
send a driver for her. It all seemed so plausible!

Jessica chatted amiably to the driver while trying to take in the urban sprawl
of Bangkok, and he proudly pointed out various temples and other landmarks. Her
first trip to a foreign land, and she was wide-eyed. Even as a native of
cosmopolitan New York she could feel the onset of culture shock as she gazed out
of the tinted windows of the big air-conditioned Lexus.

The car approached a junction and the driver pointed to two smartly dressed
local men on the street corner.

"These guys work at the hotel, I have to collect them", he said casually, as if
pointing out another landmark. The men got in both doors, leaving Jessica in the
middle seat. Moments later, before Jessica had even registered her perilous
predicament one of the men jabbed a hypodermic needle into her bare arm.

Later that day Jessica was flown out of Thailand, drugged, bound and crated-up
on a small privately registered plane.

She woke up during that flight, and judging by the stacked up boxes of food,
wine and all kinds of general supplies that surrounded her, she knew this wasn't
first class. Also, she was chained naked inside a small cage, so it probably
wasn't even economy.

Jessica had been fixed within the cage in what could accurately be described as
doggy style, which had never been her favourite position, and that was about the
size of the cage. Unfortunately for her, the various fixtures of the cage
obliged her to stay in her doggy position. Her wrists and ankles were
leather-cuffed and connected to their respective bottom corners of the cage. Her
hands could feel a vinyl covered cushioning at the bottom of the cage but it
didn't look like she would be making any use of it.

Bars going through the sides were fixed directly underneath her belly and
armpits, and worst of all one in front of her throat. That one actually had a U
shaped section of round steel that went around her neck and was fixed the bar
running in front of her throat. This meant she was facing forward rather than
down.

A different method had been employed to stop her from resting her bum back on
her heels. She was 'enough of this world' to know what a dildo was, and knew
that there was large one fully  inside her. But there was obviously something
else going on back there; a cool metal rod was poked well up into her rectum.
These were both attached to steel rods that were clamped onto the thick bars at
the back of the cage. Her nipples were clamped with chains pulling them towards
a fastening point at the bottom front of the cage.

To complete her arrangement, her mouth was invaded by another dildo which was
clamped to the front bars.

Two men walked through from the front of the airplane and were studying their
caged female. Americans! Treacherous bastards, betraying one of their own!

"I don't like it at all", said one with a shake of his head.

"I think it's okay, and more versatile than the previous one", said the other
man.

"No, it's simply too big. Our regular cage is only half the size of this one and
still does the job. It's a coincidence having a new girl arriving at the same
time as the delivery of the new design of cage! "We can be the first to try out
all the gadgets that came with it. Have you figured out the food delivery system
yet?"

"Yeah, it's pretty easy. We've got a few starter packs of this cum-tasting
formula. Do you want to taste it?" The other man recoiled in horror. "What, you
want me to kill my own father?"

"Once these packets are used up we'll have to make our own. The recipe's in the
box.... I've filled the delivery cartridge with it, so now we just slot that
inside the front of the dildo and flick the switch." He did exactly that and
waited.

He bent down and was almost face to face with the helpless Jessica. "Are you
hungry?", he asked her slowly, as if he thought she was stupid.

Skewered as she was by the dildo in her mouth, she could barely move her head,
even nod to him, but her guttural grunt was taken for a yes.

"OK, you little bitch, it says in the instructions you should move your lips up
and down the penis, squeezing gently, until you get a little reward. I'm sure
you've done it before!"

She was very hungry so had little option but to play along with it. She squeezed
and sucked, moving her mouth forward and backward along the soft plastic dildo
as much as the steel fitting around her neck would allow. Nothing seemed to
happen. She was close to giving up when she felt something squirt into her
throat. She swallowed the little 'reward' gratefully.

She was soon sucking away with confidence trying to get some more, when
suddenly, owww!, there was a powerful electrical jolt in her rectum, causing her
to make a weird screaming noise, more like a loud squeek, behind the dildo. Even
the cage shook a little!

"What the hell was that?", one of the men asked

The other was bent over in hysterical laughter and took a couple of seconds to
regain his composure. "That's what happens if she bites down on the thing! Isn't
that great?"

Nice of the bastards to warn her in advance - thought Jessica. She knew it was
going to take some effort to get what she needed from that thing in her mouth.

The men soon got bored of Jessica's show, and with two more hours of flying to
go and it was time to snatch some rest. But for Jessica they had planned some
in-fight entertainment: One of the men opened the top lid of the cage and placed
a standard passenger sleeping mask over her eyes.

Shortly after that, the dildo in her vagina came gradually to life. Instead of
merely vibrating like the one she had at home, this one felt like it was also
slowly moving in and out of her with about a two inch stroke. Despite the noise
of the airplane she could still hear an insistent humming from the device. It
became difficult for her to think of anything except its movement within her. It
felt oddly pleasant, insistent, invasive, persuasive, but not painful. There was
no point in fighting the inevitable. As another small jet of cum-food hit her
throat she realised that the ministrations of the vaginal dildo was actually
helping her to extract her food from that insane feeding device. Even the gentle
tug of the nipple clamps as she rocked ever-so-slightly back and forward was
contributing to her arousal.

She soon discovered that dildo in her vagina was on a random timer. It would run
for a while then stop for a while, then run again. This merely served to
stimulate Jessica's imagination. She was grateful for the blindfold. In
Jessica's mind the airplane had somehow been replaced by luxurious
marble-floored mansion. She was the beautiful slut lover favoured by many of
Hollywood's biggest male stars. Over the next hour most of Hollywood's
heartthrobs had either fucked her or been sucked off by her. She had never had
so many orgasms in her life!

"Somebody's having a good time!", called out on the men on the plane. He looked
down into Jessica's cage. She was still wriggling and moaning in a blacked out
world of her own. Shit, he almost felt jealous of her!

"Excuse me, young madam, you horny little bitch! Ten minutes to landing! At this
time all electronic equipment should be switched off, blindfolds removed and
your trays stowed in the upright position."

***

Jessica woke with a start from her ten minute snooze on the beach. Daydreaming
about her time in that cage had made her cunt moist and in need of attention.
Instinctively her hands tried to reach around and scratch her itch but the
handcuffs meant they failed as always. She kicked the sand in frustration. Never
mind, at least she had been on the winning football team today, and Hannah was
on the losers team. That evening would be a good time to find out if Hannah was
as talented as everybody said.

"Concentrate!", she told herself. She was supposed to be working out how to
escape from the Island not daydreaming.

Jessica figured that her kidnapping was around two weeks ago. That meant her
'vacation' was at an end and she would be reported missing from work. Perhaps
her captors only planned to keep her for the duration of her holiday? Not
likely! She somehow knew this adventure had still only just begun.

What had happened to Nancy? Why didn't she meet her at the airport?Once again
Jessica went through the events in her mind. If Nancy wasn't at the airport to
meet her, then maybe she had also fallen foul of her kidnappers. Jessica stared
out at the ocean and prayed that her oldest friend was still alive.

She had to get away from this place, not just for her sake but to find Nancy as
well. But where to start? She needed to know more about this island, and that
night at supper she planned to ask some serious questions.

to be continued...




10. Jessica's proposition backfires, a night in chains

In the evening Riccardo came to serve the supper just before sunset, which was
slightly later than usual. He has to make three different supper calls and
tonight the bunnies were his last stop. As usual, the bunnies were kneeling
either side of their tray waiting hungrily. Tonight there was a tasty and
filling vegetarian moussaka with a Greek salad. Wine followed, as expected.

Riccardo's working day was now done so he felt inclined to open a second bottle
of wine and had joined the bunnies in a drink. Two bottles of wine between nine
of them isn't much, but it was enough to loosen tongues a little.

It was a fine warm evening and Riccardo was enjoying himself, sharing a cool
glass of wine in the company of good-looking naked, chained females. It was a
privilege. Well, at least it was when they were in a good mood like now. He'd
spent his life wining and dining with beautiful women in one form or another. He
was handsome and charming enough to attract women wherever he went. He didn't
need to have a woman in chains in order to enjoy being with them, he just
preferred them this way.

He felt a little sorry for bunnies sometimes, but only a little. He'd seen war,
disease and starvation at first hand when he was in the army working on UN
peacekeeping missions. By comparison, the bunnies had nothing to complain about.
To him, this island was simply a better world.

After even just a little wine the bunnies were talking freely, although always
careful about what they said to any Master. The current topic of conversation
was a safe one: food and wine, Riccardo's speciality.

Jessica had been brooding away still, with how to find Nancy and an escape plan
in mind from her afternoon's thinking time. It was time to probe further with
Riccardo, what could she persuade him to tell her. What was she up against on
this island? Time to get involved! She entered the conversation for the first
time:

... Had he ever been to New York?...No...Would he like to go?... Of course...
Did he miss Spain?... Yes, very much. One day he would return to Madrid. Enough
of the banalities, she thought, try a more direct question next...

"I've always wanted to visit Spain, Riccardo. I hear it's very beautiful.
Perhaps when I get released from here I can visit Madrid and maybe you could
take me around the sites", Jessica said, knowing even if he didn't reply she had
made her intentions clear to him.

She didn't know it, but Jessica's conversation had just crossed the line she had
been warned about many times. Kate suddenly interrupted the conversation, hoping
to rescue the situation before Jessica said something she would badly regret.

"Riccardo, can you look at my foot before you go? I've got a splinter in it
that's hurting me", Kate said with a little coy voice she had successfully used
on men throughout her life.

Riccardo gladly switched all his attention to the little-girl-who-needs-a-man
Kate, giving Jessica the message that her conversation and wherever it was
leading was over.

Having picked out the harmless splinter from Kate's foot, Riccardo decided it
was best to leave the bunnies to whatever night-time assignations they usually
had planned. Was he right to let Jessica's proposition go unpunished? He
wondered, as he prepared his ponies.

It was already dark as Riccardo packed away the food containers on the trap. He
was fitting small battery powered lamps to his ponygirls' brow-bands when
Jessica appeared behind him. She'd completely forgotten that there were
ponygirls still standing in harness the whole time Riccardo was talking and
drinking with the bunnies.

Riccardo had made one small concession to the ponygirls while they waited; they
each propped themselves up on a freestanding tubular steel T shape. The top of
the T supported the underside of the pony's buttocks, and therefore most of the
ponygirl's body-weight so she only had to balance herself. It might not seem
much comfort, but it sure beats standing still in pony-boots for an hour.

Jessica was really a flirt but knew about body language and decided to let her
body do the talking; aware that the ponygirls headlamps were spotlighting her
sexy naked silhouette. She stood with her proudest erect posture, her firm
breasts thrust-out and offered to him with a smile that says "I'm yours, if you
want me". 

His eyes took in the gorgeous female presenting herself before him: The
beguiling neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair, her shapely hips and belly, those
prominent 'squeeze me' breasts, that fine collared neck,  her perfect white
smile and the luxurious ponytail that held her hair off her handsome face. What
more could a man want? He would throw her to the sand and ravish her by the
light of his ponygirls' lamps. Before that happened, she had to ruin it by
saying something!

"Riccardo, listen to me. My parents are rich! If you help me get off this island
they will give you a huge reward. We could go away together and forget all about
this place."

Riccardo stared back at her sadly, and shook his head. The stupid girl. He was
tempted to explain to her all the ways her proposition had failed.

Firstly, she thought he could be bribed.

Secondly, she lied about her parents wealth. Her parents ran a small diner in
Brooklyn (actually it was Kate that had the rich parents).

Thirdly, she thought that he was going leave the island to run of with this nice
but rather brash New Yorker! If it wasn't so pathetic it was almost funny.

Jessica sensed immediatedly that she was in trouble. Riccardo was clearly not
even considering her proposition. His hand gripped her upper arm as tightly as
the grim expression on his face suggested it would. He marched her back to where
the bunnies were sitting.

"Bunny kelly!", he shouted. "Go with bunny jessica to the activity zone. Take
this padlock and use it to fix her to one of the posts, then leave her
immediately. I'll be checking the video monitors when I get back to the lodge.
If I see anything other than bunny jessica chained to a post, you'll be the next
one to be punished."

He placed the opened padlock in the Kelly's trembling hand and the two bunnies
set off along the beach. Kelly was almost in tears knowing that she had been
'promoted' to the job of prison guard whilst merely a bunny herself.

Riccardo, without saying a word to the other bunnies, walked back to his
ponygirls.

One of his ponygirls was pissing when he returned. There was a gentle splashing
sound between her boots. What else could a ponygirl do? This was perfectly
natural behaviour and Riccardo didn't mind it at all as long as he wasn't
standing in front of her at the time.

When the pony had finished, Riccardo dried her sex and inside thighs with a
clean towel, then rubbed in some oil starting around her labia rings through
which the reins were threaded, down to the perineum. Then he gave them a squirt
of water in the mouth from a bottle and wiped each of their bridled faces with
another small towel. The trap held a range of cleaning supplies, including a
small pack of  foot-square towels so Riccardo could always use a clean towel on
the ponies even at the end of a long day.

He was muttering under his breath his indignation that Jessica could think him
such a mercenary that he would give up his ponies for a few thousand dollars!
His ponygirls, although merely transportation animals under the control of his
whip, felt pleased to hear that they were valued by him. Riccardo had never met
a woman that didn't like receiving affirmations and compliments. He always found
ways to let his ponygirls feel valued, even in backhanded ways like pretending
to be muttering something to himself.

He mounted the trap, sat comfortably in the middle of the double seat, and with
a flick of the reins he was on the move. An uphill journey on at the end of a
long day was a struggle for the ponygirls, and their buttocks needed to feel the
sting of his whip several times as they pulled him up the hill. They really
didn't mind as it gave the motivation to get to the more level ground and
finally home to the Lodge. With everywhere around them in darkness except a the
few yards ahead, illuminated by the small flashlights on their brow-bands, the
pnygirls made a careful trot back to the lodge. Riccardo's mind was thinking
ahead. Tonight he was looking forward to having Jessica in the activity zone.

to be continued...




11. Master Alex and The Plumber's Revenge!

Once back at the Lodge, Riccardo unhitched the ponygirls and took them to the
tack room. He only had to remove the various padlocks and unbuckle their
harnesses. It was the ponygirls' job to remove their bridles and boots. The tack
room leads straight into the ponygirl quarters where others took care of them.

Riccardo ensured the tack room door was securely locked and headed across the
courtyard and straight for the video control room.

Master Alex was already seated in the video control room watching the various
screens. He liked to spend his quiet moments here away from the responsibilities
of managing the Lodge. There was little that he didn't see or know about.

"Good evening, Master Riccardo", Master Alex said. He encouraged the use of the
formal titles, aware that it helped to affirm the status of the person, whether
a Master or a lowly bunny. "I trust you had a pleasant day. How is the new
roster working out?"

"Very good, Master Alex. The new timetable is a worthwhile improvement."

"And the bunnies and ponies?"

"All three bunny camps seem contented tonight, and I'm very pleased with my
ponies since we put that new diet in place."

"That's excellent! Now tell me about bunny jessica down there. She's perhaps a
bit feistier that we were expecting, and in trouble again tonight I see."

"An illegal proposition, Master Alex, but nothing unusual for a newcomer. I'm
giving her a standard penalty, but I thought it best to get the ponies back in
the quarters first. I thought I would wander down there later and give bunny
jesssica a few strokes of the cane, maybe have a little fun with her and then
chain her up for the night." Riccardo informed Master Alex of his plans with
complete candour.

If there was one thing that Jessica and the other bunnies underestimated about
their Masters, it was the absolute open honesty between them. 'Say what you feel
and listen to what others are saying and feeling'. It sounds so easy but it
takes an exceptional psychologist and leader to run an organisation that can
actually do that. It was what made this Rabbit Island such a formidable
operation.

Master Alex had a proposition to put to Riccardo. "I've been meaning to spend a
little time with bunny jessica myself and I wonder if you wouldn't mind swapping
with me tonight. There is a new Russian bunny with long blonde hair in the
Buchanan room, looking quite beautiful in a black basque and stockings.
Apparently, she's been chained to the bedposts ready for me. She's all yours if
you want her. Let me know what you think of her when you see me tomorrow."

Riccardo readily agreed and departed for the Buchanan suite, knowing that any
swap with Master Alex was always worth taking. The man had a taste for the
finest of everything.

The infrared camera in the activity zone showed Jessica standing alone in front
of a stout wooden post looking bored and a little anxious. She would have to
wait longer, while Master Alex took a cool shower, changed his clothes and
prepared the necessary equipment for his game.

There were more than one hundred steps carved into the angled cliff face that
led from the cliff top to the beach. It put the activity zone a convenient ten
minutes walk from the Lodge.

Jessica stood locked to the post as Riccardo had instructed. She heard and then
saw a shadow of a man descending the steps high above her. A minute later Master
Alex was standing in front of her, a cane in his hand.

"Good evening bunny jessica. Please don't speak unless you wish for more strokes
from this cane. Stay standing and bend down at the waist! Your ass towards me",
he commanded.

She gulped nervously and obeyed. No baseball small-talk from him tonight!

She heard the whoosh of his cane before feeling the force of it on her ass
cheeks. She stifled her urge to cry out and managed to contain herself to an
"Arrhhh". Four more strokes followed without ceremony with just a small pause
between each. Five more followed on the back of her thighs. It really did hurt
but she didn't cry. She absolutely refused to.

Then the well-caned Jessica stood upright again as he commanded. He fixed his
blue-grey eyes firmly on hers and she felt she couldn't pull away from them as
if mesmerised.

"Do you know why you received those strokes, bunny jessica?"

"Yes, Master."

"Was it worth the pain of those strokes, bunny jessica?"

"No, Master."

"Please try to remember that, bunny jessica. You must never talk to the Masters
about negative things...we will always punish your negative thoughts. Let me say
that again... your negative thoughts will always be punished."

He paused briefly and allowed her to compose herself for a minute. She had not
registered consciously that he said her negative thoughts could be punished. How
could he possibly know what she was thinking? He couldn't.

This is not a supernatural tale, but Master Alex knew something about the power
of hypnotic suggestion. He could never understand why it wasn't more widely
used! While Jessica's conscious self thought she had been told not to TALK about
'negative' things (like trying to escape), her subconscious had been told not to
THINK about such things.

"Now then jessica, tell me how are you being treated by the other bunnies?"

"Very well, thank you."

"And the food. Is it to your liking?"

"Yes, Master the food is very good".

"Are you sleeping well?"

"Yes, Master very well."

"And do you like the beach and the sea and our wonderful climate."

"Yes, Master."

"And your handcuffs and collar? How are they?"

"They fit me very well, Master." She hadn't become a hypnotised zombie. She just
answered his questions honestly.

"Very good, bunny jessica. You have pleased me. Always be positive. That is the
way to enjoy your life here."

She was beginning to understand why the other bunnies talked and acted as they
did.

"Bunny jessica. Tonight I will make love to you. If you do as I tell you, I know
that you will enjoy the experience."

The audacity of the man! Truly she had never met anyone like this before. A man
that expected total obedience and knew how to get it.

He tipped the contents of his rucksack onto the sand. There were coils of white
rope and the usual gags, clamps and chains. He laid out a large beach blanket in
the sand

Jessica was smarting from her strokes but still managing to hold back her tears.
She had brought this misery upon herself and she knew it. Her stupid proposition
to Riccardo had been simply embarrassing. She never was a good flirt.

Master Alex unlocked her from the post and made her lay face down on the
blanket. With her soundly caned buttocks and hands still cuffed behind her she
knew she was his to do with as he saw fit. She was expecting to get a straight
forward screw from him, but it soon became clear that he had more elaborate
plans.

He started by stuffing something in her mouth, a folded piece of fabric, not a
ball-gag as she was expecting. Then something silky... a head-scarf?... was tied
around to firmly gag her. It was tied tight, causing the silk to dig into the
corners of her mouth. It really wasn't so bad, she preferred it to mouthful of
rubber. Next came a blindfold. Another silk head-scarf!

He picked up the first coil of rope, bent her left foot all the way back on to
its thigh and wrapped the rope around the ankle and thigh several times before
cinching the wraps with some neat cross turns He.treated her right leg in the
same way. She knew this was called a frog tie. She felt comfortable laying on
her belly, frog-tied, and cuffed as usual. The blindfold allowed her to 'switch
off' and think her own thoughts.

"I'm going to remove your handcuffs now. If you move your hands I will beat you
again."

She nnnnfffff'd in agreement and he removed the cuffs. She felt her hands laying
on her lower back as they usually did but now nothing held them except his
command. He left her like that for a minute or two noting a surprising
contentedness from her. The bright partial moon seemed to be bathing Jessica in
its soft light. She was has a lovely body. Master Alex felt movement in his
shorts that was hoping not to feel at this early stage.

Next he took her hands and crossed her wrists behind her head so that all her
fingers touched the top of her back. He must have put a dozen turns of the rope
around her wrists before tying off the rope. It was unusual way to tie but
certainly effective. A good exercise for the triceps as well.

Finally, he tied ropes from each ankle-thigh bond then led them up and through
her bound hands behind her head so he could pull back to put some tension on the
ropes. He pulled strongly on the ropes causing her body and shoulders to bend
back like an archers bow, and satisfied, he tied off the ends well out of  her
fingers' reach. God, that's tight! she thought, feeling a healthy stretch in
many of her muscles and tendons, somewhat similar to a solo stretching routine
she would do at the gym.

Master Alex stood up to survey his efforts. Not bad at all! Particularly the way
her legs were now fixed open in a V shape. The mound of her pudenda protruded
invitingly into the angle of the V. What a pleasant way to spend the evening, he
thought. He got out his small Mag-lite and studied a sheet of paper before
returning it to his pocket. Jessica would figure out soon enough that he was
studying one of her own BDSM stories that she had posted to the internet. It was
called "The Plumber's Revenge".

Then Jessica could feel Master Alex rubbing something cool and soothing over her
searing buttocks. It felt nice and she started to relax a little, despite the
constant straining of her archer's bow bondage.

Master Alex finished his ministrations on her buttocks and wiped the balm
thoroughly from his hands. He reached for her pussy, pleased to find it quite
damp! Time to play a little game...

"Hey lady! It's a bit damp down here. I think you're leaking!", Alex said in a
passable New York accent.

"nnnnfffff  nnn!"

"I'm just going to poke around a bit and see where the leak is coming from."

After putting a little KY on his fingers he started to probe. She could feel his
fingers rubbing slowly on her labia before touching her clitoris. Then his
fingers were inside her, just a little, probing gently, teasing, looking for a
response.

"mmmmmm!"

"Lady, I'm gonna have to get you to turn over, the moistures getting worse. I
can't reach the source of the problem from here."

"uuhh hhuuhh"

He very slowly lifted her by her right arm and right leg and rolled her over
onto her back. Her body was so beautiful arched back by the taut ropes between
her hands behind her head and the ankles-to-thighs ties that she didn't have to
worry about her welted buttocks coming into contact with the ground!

"Now that's a fine set of equipment you have here, let me check they are in good
order before I continue below." He gently massaged her firm breasts for a while,
aware of the prominent points atop them. He teased them expertly with his
tongue. "OK, they are responding fine. I reckon they'll give many years of
satisfactory service for their owners."

She realised that she knew what would happening next, the devious bastard was
enacting one of her own stories. Jessica, bound, gagged and blindfolded could do
no more to prevent the outcome than could the heroine in her story. She squirmed
helplessly, knowing that if Master Alex was as diligent as the Plumber in the
story she was in for a rough ride!

"OK, lady, I'm gonna move down below now and see if I can locate the source of
your problem." This guy knew how to be cruel.

He moved between her V shaped legs and the two fingers of his left hand started
probing in her vagina more firmly than before, while the thumb was pressing down
on her clitoris. His right hand was spread and pressing firmly on her belly.
Jessica's heart was pumping fast.

"nnnnnnnnnnnn!", she moaned as he located her G-spot. Oh God, that feels good -
she thought, and began to pray that he wouldn't suddenly stop. She felt she
wanted to piss but that was probably just the way he was touching her.

"mmmppphhh!". That was her best noise to tell him to keep doing what he was
doing. She had written the story but no-one had ever actually done it to her
like this!

After patient, attentive work from Master Alex, an orgasm finally exploded
within her, and soon after a second happened, and then a third, like the bangs
when you clock up the credits on a pinball machine. She was destroyed,
liberated, undone all within moments. She feared she might fall apart if her
stringent rope bondage was removed. It seemed to be all that held her together.
And still he continued his expert massaging inside her vagina.

 The Plumber was getting tired, but knew that the deed was nearly done. He just
had to stay in character a while longer.

"OK, lady. I think we've fixed the problem. Your equipment is in excellent
working order. Before I leave you can I interest you in an executive polish?"

"mmm". She replied. She felt ready for a good straightforward fuck, just like
the herione in her story.

"No? Well, OK lady I respect that's your choice"

"mmmmmmpppphhhh". The bastard. It's her story and the woman gets fucked at this
point!

"What's that? You've had enough? You want me to go now?"

"uuuucchhh...... eeee!", how much plainer did he want it?

"You want a discount?"

"Aaaarrrggghhhh!". That was the squirming female's hopeless attempt at throwing
a tantrum.

In the story, Jessica had not allowed time for her plumber to undress before
fucking the heroine, so Master Alex was having to improvise in character while
stripping off. Quite a feat considering the rod of iron that had just sprung out
of his pants.

Soon he was inside her, thrusting deep within her; pushing her whole body
slightly backwards with each thrust. Both climaxed in one violent extended
cacophonous duet...just as the characters did in Jessica's story.

Master Alex took a short walk to the water's edge, leaving Jessica bound as she
was. The evening was warm and pleasant as usual, the quarter moon casting a soft
shimmering light upon the calm sea. He smiled to the sea, the satisfaction of a
man who had settled for nothing less than paradise.

Jessica was still bound in her tight archer's bow still blindfolded and gagged
with the silk scarves. Master Alex had skillfully brought her off numerous
times, given her a truly robust fucking and now her tight bonds offered no
deliciously erotic anticipation, nor were they firm restraints to fight against
during the sex act. It was now just a frustrating and painful misery as if the
ropes were taking their own pleasure.

Master Alex knew better than to untie Jessica straight after sex; that's just
what lovers do, and he wasn't her lover. It was fully half an hour before the
tearful Jessica was finally released from the ropes.

***

Jessica was standing chained to a post in the activity zone, chained hand and
foot exactly as she had seen Sumi a few days earlier. She must have spent her
first hour raging against the chains and cursing and yelling at the
long-departed Master Alex from behind a large red ballgag. He had stripped her
of all dignity and she hated him.

Now she just wanted to go to bed, wrap herself up in her sheet and have a
blissful sleep. Instead the night passed slowly and wretchedly as Jessica
speculated which of her other stories would be used against her. Not all of them
concluded as satisfyingly as the Plumber Revenge. She began to get worried...




12. The Hunting Game, bunnies on the loose

Several days after Jessica's encounter with Master Alex, and her sleepless night
standing chained to a post, she was only just getting back to her normal
vitality. What happened that night had a profound effect on her.She felt raw,
like when you strip wooden furniture from its many layers of paint, it is bare,
but honest, and somehow more beautiful than before. She was still trying to
understand how a man could totally dominate her, mind, body and soul and yet
give something to her with the same power. She had not submitted willingly the
Master Alex but she sensed, feared, that one day she might.

Now, three days after her encounter with Master Alex an event would take place
that would radically alter the routine she had become used to.

Breakfast was served normally by Ray that morning. Kurt had come with him, and
was messing around in the background while the bunnies ate. When the bunnies had
finished their breakfast, Ray came round with a couple of squeezy water bottles
that he used for his ponies, and he encouraged each bunny to take a good fill as
he squeezed a stream of water into each of their throats. "Drink up, this is the
last chance you'll have for a while."

Kurt addressed the bunnies when Ray was done with the water bottles. In his hand
was a bunch of ballgags, one for each bunny.

"Listen well, bunnies! Please stand up one at a time and come to me. I'm going
to put these ballgags on you.... You'll also be fitted with these swimming
goggles.... Come on, bunny kelly, you're first."

As soon as Kurt had buckled on the ballgag to each bunny he pushed her over to
Ray and shouted for the next bunny to come forward. Ray's job was to padlock the
ballgag strap and fit the swimming goggles. The goggles were there to protect
the eyes. It was not in the bunnies' best interest to remove the goggles so they
were held around the head with their usual synthetic rubber strap. The heavily
tinted goggles gave only a blurred blue-tinted view of the world. Suddenly the
bright blue sky had gone much darker for the bunnies.

Jessica and several other bunnies were mystified by what was happening, but Kurt
would soon explain everything.

"Today you will participate in our hunting tournament, although I'm sorry to
announce that you will be the targets." His broad grin provided a perfect
illustration of the German word 'schadenfreude'; taking delight in somebody
else's misfortunes.

"You will now be taken to the MacDonald's Peak area of the island. There you
will be able to roam in an orchard, a meadow with long grass, the rocky area of
the peak itself and all the area down to the beach beyond. Of course, just the
eight of you bunnies won't amount to much sport so you will be joined by twelve
more bunnies from the other cabins on the island."

The bunnies looked around at each other and attempted to converse behind their
ballgags. An excited cacophony of  mmmppphhhing emerged from them until Kurt
yelled at them to shut up. Collars were fitted to the bunnies without them so
that a two metre chain could be attached between each bunny to create a long
'coffle' of slave-bunnies.

They found themselves connected in a long chained line to the back of Ray's
trap. The ponygirls would be leading them to the site of the shooting game! It
took almost an hour to walk up the hill to the location. Wearing the goggles
made it difficult for Jessica and the other bunnies to see the views clearly,
even when it was apparent she was on the higher ground.

When they reached the brow of a hill near to McDonald's Peak, their bizarre
slave-train came to a halt. The bunnies were detached from their chains and Kurt
gave them the final instructions and a little pep-talk in his usual military
delivery:

"While you are roaming, men will be trying to shoot you. Don't attempt to remove
the goggles as they protect your eyes. Any bunny found without goggles will be
considered as finishing in last place."

The gunshots won't harm you, but they will hit you with a coloured paint-ball.
If you are hit with a paint-ball: DO... NOT... RUN. The paint-ball mark will
become very itchy, and will burn your skin if left unattended. So when you are
hit, stand up and walk to the man that shot you, because he will clean the paint
mark from your skin. Your killer will then either take you back to a holding
bay, or he may tie you up securely while he goes after another bunny."

"To increase your chances of winning I recommend you get as far away from here
as you can. The hunting party will not arrive for at least half an hour.
Remember that the longer you survive out there, the less your punishment will be
this evening."

Wow, what a great game! playing to reduce our punishments - Jessica thought
sarcastically. But she liked sports, was a pretty good runner, so she hoped to
do well.

"Run now, bunnies... and good luck!", Kurt shooed them away into the long grass.

Hannah, Rachel and Juliette were soon off and running in separate directions;
they'd played this game before! Meanwhile Jessica and Kate looked at each other
and silently agreed that there must be a reason for such haste. They set off
running as a pair and had soon lost sight of their other bunny friends. As they
ran over the hillside it soon became apparent why this place was named Rabbit
Island. Rabbit holes were everywhere. Kate hurt her ankle falling into one of
them and was having to move more slowly.

They were heading up to MacDonald's Peak which was really just a rocky outcrop
on the top of a hill. Negotiating the boulders around the top of MacDonald's
Peak, they got a surprise: Two bunnies from another cabin were already hiding.
The four of them "mmmppphhh'ed" at each other but meaningful dialog couldn't be
established. No hand signals, no words and even their eyes, obscured behind the
heavy tinted goggles, were difficult to interpret.

This was hardly a good opportunity to become better acquainted with other
bunnies so Jessica and Kate left the other bunnies to their own fate and sought
a hiding place from where they could watch for approaching gunmen.

Kate had another one of her bright ideas. She reached out with her bound wrists
and tugged down hard on Jessica's arm. Jessica understood Kate's command and
knelt down, although she didn't know why. Reaching around with her hands, Kate
lifted the goggles from Jessica's eyes so they rested on her brow. Jessica soon
returned the favour. That's one point for us, Jessica thought.

"eeehhee...eeehh...uuuhhh, uuuhhhee eeehhh ooowwhhh", Kate said.

"uuuuhhhh eeehhh  ooohhr?", Jessica said incredulously, with wide eyes.

"Eeehhh! eeeehh  ehhh uhhh!", Kate said, as confident as ever.

It was agreed. Her cunning plan might just work! Their fluency in 'ballgagese'
was impressive.

Jessica looked out at the scene, without the goggles covering her eyes. It was a
fantastic view! She was at the island's highest point (276m). She could see the
Lodge around five miles away, it was easily the most important building on the
island. On another side she saw the orchards and its building in the midst of
them. That was the building that Ray and Pedro always mentioned. If she spun
around further, she could see a farmyard with chickens and pigs and various
stores. Most importantly, she knew for sure that she was on an island and that
another, much larger island was many miles further out to sea. An airplane was
coming into land on the other island, and Jessica saw it. Perhaps that was where
she also landed when flown into the island inside that 'awful' cage.

From their vantage point Jessica and Kate could see four pony pairs approaching
along a distant track. Each was pulling a flat bed trailer behind the trap. Each
trap held its driver and a passenger seated alongside, while another passenger
balanced himself on the trailer. These ponygirls could pull well, although the
drivers would often make passengers walk during the uphill stretches. The game
began to unfold in the distance beneath them. Four teams of two gunmen,
dismounted from the carriages at about the same place at the bunnies started.
They seemed to take a quick briefing from somebody (probably Kurt) before
heading off after their quarry.

The gunmen spread out, some in the long grass, others making for the orchard
zone where bunnies often sought cover amongst the fruit trees. Within ten
minutes there were bunnies running in all directions having been driven from
their hiding places. Once they had been spotted, they really had no chance. The
hunters would chase after them, aim and shoot. From their vantage point Jessica
and Kate could hear the high pressure whine as the air-powered gun was fired.

Jessica could feel her adrenaline pumping looking at the scene below her.
Knowing it was only paint being fired made it exciting to watch. Bunnies were
regularly being picked off by the hunters, and it could only be a matter of time
before the hunters made a search of the summit. In their darkened goggles the
other bunnies near the summit were at a disadvantage, so they could not see the
hunters approaching as clearly as Jessica and Kate. They were oblivious of the
sacrifice they were about to make!

A pair of hunters was now approaching the summit rocks as they had expected.
Kate's plan was to use their better unhindered sight to monitor the hunters,
lure them in and then slip away from them by skirting around the peak. So they
moved to where the other bunnies were huddled as if passively awaiting their
fate. Kate and Jessica then made themselves 'accidently' visible at the summit
until they were sure the hunters had seen them. One of the hunters called out to
his partner and pointed to where Kate and Jessica had stood. They raced towards
the summit, looking forward to a double kill. Kate and Jessica moved down from
the peak, quickly passing by their decoy bunnies and on to a safer position.

The hunters moved in for the kill, and soon tracked down the two hiding bunnies,
who were 'put down' at close range. The two hunters remained blissfully unaware
that these were not the ones they had seen earlier. All they know was they had
two bunnies shot on the breasts. That's six points right there! High fives!
All's fair in love and war, even for the bunnies of Rabbit Island!

Kate and Jessica skirted around the peak, having successfully distracted one
pair of hunters who were still celebrating their 'double kill'. While they watch
the scene unfold below of the hunters hog-tying their 'dead' bunnies, they had
failed to spot a flanking move by another pair of hunters coming at them on the
other side. By the time Jessica and Kate had seen them, they had just a few
moments to become legal by replacing each other's goggles, before taking up a
hidden space amongst the boulders.

Footstep could be heard just a few yards away and would soon turn the corner to
confront them.

Jessica's sporting and survival instincts had surfaced and taken over. As the
hunter rounded the corner, she was just too quick for him. She kicked hard. The
top of her foot connected with full force between his legs, he crumpled to the
ground, his holiday destroyed in an instant; and by a naked, handcuffed,
ballgagged, partially sighted woman!

Seeing the man crumpled before them, Kate and Jessica took off as fast as they
could towards the orange grove, with the partner of the newly-gelded hunter
still in pursuit. Kate, still limping after her fall in the rabbit hole, was
moving too slowly. She felt a sharp pain in the left buttock and yelped. Jessica
turned around saw that her partner had 'bought it', but she just had to keep on
running. Kate's killer planned to get her secured and then chase after Jessica,
but Kate put up a fierce struggle (for a dead rabbit!) before eventually be
tightly hogtied by an irate hunter. Jessica was long gone by the time he look
up.

It was about ten minutes later before Jessica even dared to look around.
Everything had gone very quiet. Yet she knew she was in an area that had been
the scene of earlier 'kills'. He pulse was racing and breathing was difficult
behind the ballgag. With the goggles fitted over her eyes, she had lost her
earlier advantage and couldn't be sure that she had evaded the hunters. She
decided to make for the orchard building to look for water and maybe a place to
hide. There might even be some cutting equipment lying around. She had nothing
to lose by this stage as her fierce kick would have already landed her in big
trouble.

She stumbled, and could not quite believe what she had stumbled on. A bunny was
laying face down,  hogtied, and appeared to be in pain. A leather cord, wrapped
around her crossed ankles, then gets pulled right up to the cuffs, wrapped once
around the cuffs and then finally tied off at the collar. She had watched them
do this brutally efficient tie on the bunnies at the peak. This bunny's buttock
was written on with a felt marker. M  2 10:35. The initial of the killer and the
time, she guessed. 2, she would find out later was 2 points for a hit on the
buttock.

Jessica reached down with her hands to undo the cord at the bunny's neck.
Although the bunny was officially 'dead', she didn't score any points for the
hunter unless brought back to the scoring zone. To confuse the hunters, Jessica
decided to release her, and persuade her to run again. It was not easy to remove
the leather cord but she managed it eventually and the tied bunny stretched out
her legs and turned over onto her back.

Jessica nearly fainted at the sight. It was Nancy! Her friend. Not buried in a
shallow grave in Thailand but here on the island with her! They were each
overjoyed to see that the other was alive. Being gagged and with hands cuffed
behind them their hugs and kisses were hopeless, so Jessica just lay flat on top
of her, their breasts squashed sensuously together, tears sloshing within their
goggles.

Jessica decided to make a run for it with Nancy. If they could just sneak into
the orchard building perhaps they could somehow find a way to get the gags and
cuffs off.

They reached the orchards without being spotted, but as they neared the building
there was the ominous sound of a branch snapping under a heavy boot. Turning
around, Jessica stood staring down the barrel of a gun like a rabbit caught in
car headlamps, A loud pop! A sharp pain on her right breast. For Jessica, the
game was over.

Her killer got out a black marker pen and wrote something on her left buttock.
She could feel the letter M written followed by some numbers. It could be the
same man that got Nancy. As he tenderly wiped clean the paint from Jessica's
breast, he seemed amused rather than angry that Jessica had had the audacity to
untie Nancy. 

Jessica looked at her best friend standing next to her as 'M' connected their
collars with a length of leather cord.

The game no longer mattered; Nancy was safe and well!

"OK bunnies, it's time to go the barbecue and have some fun." The hunter seemed
pleased with his morning's performance.

to be continued.... journey on the Pony trailer...the harem slave-girl...
barbecue party...more unusual BDSM sports

6th July 2002 - Author's note
This story is still being written. Please let me know whether you enjoyed it or
otherwise by reviewing it at BDSMLibrary. If you have any specific ideas or
comments, feel free to send me an email. Aurelius




13. Hog-tied Jessica, on the pony trailer
(Rabbit Island by Aurelius, c. 2002)

Following their capture in the hunting game, Jessica and Nancy were chained
together by their collars which kept them no more than two metres apart. Their
'killer' escorted them on the half hour walk through the orchard and then along
a gravel pony track. The loose assembly of hunters and pony carriages could be
seen waiting for them far away in the distance.

Jessica and Nancy were still 'mmpphhing' ecstatically and managing to smile
behind their ballgags, overjoyed to have discovered each other in the most
unlikely circumstances. Luckily their paint-ball 'killer' and captor was amused
by their antics and tolerated them with surprisingly good humour.

As they walked Jessica noticed Nancy's body. She'd never actually seen her
friend naked before. Nancy was a slim girl, small breasted, slender hips with
straight dark hair just touching her shoulder. She was never the most glamorous
girl at High School but the boys always considered a 'cool chick'. Guys loved
her 'low maintenance' easy-to-be-with attitude. She never needed to be fussed
over or pampered. In Jessica's opinion, Nancy was cute, sexy, smart, urbane,
witty, adventurous and wise, and Jessica loved being her best friend! Gold
earrings hung from Nancy's ears. Jessica thought they looked good on her; yet
Nancy always swore she'd never have her ears pierced. Jessica figured
(correctly) it must be the sign of her particular bunny camp.

When they reached the pony carriages there was activity all around them. Men
were preparing rifles, not the paint-ball guns from earlier, but the real thing.
It was time to eliminate a few of the huge population of the bunnies' long-eared
cousins. Shooting the wildlife, particularly the rabbits, was one of many
activities the Lodge always laid on for their guests.

The pony-drivers Ray and Riccardo were waiting there too. They were feeding
apple slices and carrots to their respective ponygirls, and generally making a
fuss of them while waiting for their trailers to be loaded. The ponygirls stood
calmly in their usual working harnesses attached to shafts of their traps. Each
trap towed an eight foot flat bed trailer behind it.

The ponygirls' cargo was the bunnies. Five in a line, all hog-tied and roped
securely onto a trailer so they couldn't fall off. One trailer-load of five
bunnies had already disappeared down the track. The second trailer was ready to
depart. Jessica was amazed to see how easily a pair of ponygirls could pull such
a load.

Jessica and Nancy's tinted swimming goggles were final removed, but their
ballgags remained in place. They would have appreciated a drink of water at that
stage but nothing was offered. Both bunnies were by now able to handle the
long-term ballgag without undue discomfort. It helps that they have no choice! 

Two men approached Jessica and Nancy and pushed them to the ground. The men's
brutal efficiency at handling the cuffed and chained bunnies was impressive as
they rendered them into hog-tied positions. The men were using the same flat
leather strips that were used for the ponies' reins. Jessica felt her ankles
being crossed, then her binder dropped a loop of leather around them, and pulled
it tight. A further loop went around the ankles again and was secured with a
half hitch. Next he lifted and pulled her ankles back to her ass so Jessica
could feel her feet with her fingers. The leather cord was looped a couple of
times around the handcuff links with scarcely a couple of inches slack to make
the hog-tie, then the cord was threaded through the D ring at the back of her
collar. Tied off at the collar like that meant a bunny's nimble fingers hadn't a
chance of reaching any knots. Jessica felt like a calf being manhandled at a
rodeo! There was still a few feet of leather cord left free after being tied off
at her collar.

"Elbows as well?", Jessica's binder shouted up to somebody.

"Yep!", came the response. "It makes 'em narrower so they take up less width on
the trailer."

Jessica felt the trailing length of leather cord wrapping her arms together
tightly above the elbows, digging frimly into the naked flesh. Boy, that feels
tight!, she thought, wincing at the pain. She had just become another bundle
awaiting transportation.

"This one's all done, elbows touching nicely!", her binder called out, pleased
with his own efforts. Being an elbow 'toucher' was considered a important female
attribute to some men!

Wandering around inspecting Jessica and the remaining hog-tied bunnies was a
young man wearing glasses, somewhat nerdish in demeanour, deep in concentration
and holding a clipboard. He was looking at the writing of the hunters' marker
pens on the bunnies' buttocks and noting them on his scoresheet.

He called out: "Red team. 1 point, 12:58, another 3 pointer for the blues at
13:25, Red again! 3 points, 14:48." Some intense conversation started as soon as
14:48 was called out. Jessica became the focus of their stares. It seemed to be
significant in some way.

 "Ok, lets get the third trailer loaded!", a shout went up. It was Master Kurt,
working pretty hard today to keep the visitors moving.

Nancy was being picked up and dumped on a trailer with four other bunnies.
Jessica could do nothing to stop her friend being taken away from her.
Godddamit, she thought, we haven't even get a chance to speak! She was so angry,
that she battled fiercely against her fiendishly efficient hog-tie in sheer
frustration at her predicament, not realising how pleasing a show she was giving
to the male onlookers.

"Hey bunny, do that again! I wish more of the bunnies could struggle like you
do!" one of the men shouted. After hearing a comment like that she knew it was
hopeless. From behind her ballgag she growled at him like a wild animal, causing
a peel of laughter around where her tormentor stood. Someone else called out. 

"Hey Phil, you better hope those cords are good and tight, 'cause she's the one
that took poor old Martin out the game, up there on MacDonald's peak!"

Jessica sensed she was in trouble. News certainly travelled fast on Rabbit
Island! Busting the balls of one of the Lodge's guests was probably not a good
move for a bunny trying to stay out of trouble.

Ray's was the last pony rig left to be loaded and Jessica was the first bunny to
be lifted onto its trailer. It seemed that they wanted her loaded first which
meant she was at the very front of the trailer and facing to the right. The
other hog-tied bunnies alternated facing the left and right so they interlocked
neatly. In lieu of a seat-belt, a chain was threaded from the front to the back
of the trailer through each of their hog bindings so nobody could fall off while
they were moving. For the additional comfort of each bunny a small cushion was
placed under her chin. This was clipped onto her collar by a short chain so it
wouldn't fall off. They think of everything!

Just as Jessica was getting her chin comfortable on the cushion, Ray appeared in
front of her. Although she was as dirty as an overgrown street urchin, he
thought she looked wonderful with her ball-gag and pained exhausted expression.
He loved the way her lovely white teeth could  be seen biting down on the red
rubber ball.

 "Hey bunny jessica!"  He knelt down so he was face to face with her, stroking
her hair and said in a hushed yet excited voice: "I think you might have won.
14:48 is a pretty good time!" Won what? Jessica wasn't convinced, all she knew
was that her football skills had landed her in big trouble.

Ray mounted the trap moments later. After a brief strained grunting from
ponygirls sandra and karita as they took the strain, the pony trap and trailer
with its cargo of hog-tied, exhausted bunnies was on the move. It was a slow
walking pace initially, but soon developed into a purposeful march once their
momentum had built up and they got the measure of their load.

Jessica could see that next to her were a fine pair of dark skinned legs
belonging to a bunny of African descent. It felt comforting having that body
pressed along side her. It reminded her of a dear friend of hers back in New
York. She stretched her hands out to see if she could touch the African's body. 
The tightness of the hog-tie made it difficult, but she could just manage to
stroke the soft skin on the side of the ribs of the African girl. The touch was
returned and felt comforting, although given their current predicament their
'relationship' was unlikely to go any further just yet.

"Now we've turned onto a straight track with a very slight downhill I'll get the
ponies into a trot.", Ray explained to the English visitor seated alongside him.
He gave a subtle double-tug on their lower reins - these were the reins that
passed between the ponies' legs, through the labia rings and on to their
nipples. The ponies' marching pace quickened further until the steps had clearly
changed into a rhythmic trot. Ray gave each of the ponies hindquarters a quick
swipe of the whip to encourage them to push onwards.

"There you are... you see - we've moved from walking to trotting, it's a very
different technique... because when they walk there is always at least one foot
on the ground, but when trotting or running there is a point in each step when
both feet are off the ground. The time in the air is what equates to the speed.
A fast walker can never beat a fast runner because she has no time in the air.
Running is more graceful as well, because the muscles are springing instead of
just pushing."

Being at the front of the trailer, Jessica was next to the trap, just a couple
of feet away from Ray and his passenger. She could hear their conversation
during the journey. The talk was all Ray showing of his ponygirls again.

"That's incredible Ray, your ponies must be so strong!", complimented the
visitor.

"Yeah, they're strong alright, but technique is more important than strength.
You could find the two strongest females in any gymnasium, harness them up and
you'll go nowhere, because they don't have the right technique. These ponies
have learnt how to use the correct muscles in an efficient way to achieve the
result....and most importantly they work as a team. They are equals and are
expected to think as one body. One never leads the other."

Ray's passenger was impressed. "Maybe you could come to Britain one day and help
us with our ponies.What do you think are the main areas we should be
concentrating on?"

"Diet, exercise, an effective training course, strong handling, good facilities
and equipment, psychology and expert driving of course. And don't forget that
our ponies are initially non-consensuals. They do it because its the best option
available to them at the time. It takes them a while to adjust to the pony
lifestyle but once they are broken in and handled right, they will always want
to please their master."

Jessica was enjoying the view out to sea from the hill they were crossing, but
was beginning to feel sleepy. The sound of two pairs of mountain bike tyres
rolling smoothly along the gravel track, the cadence of the trailer movements
and the sleigh bell sound from the ponygirls' boots was like a feeding a
sleeping pill to an exhausted and hog-tied bunny. A journey by this method
always caused the bunnies to fall asleep so the cushions were installed to
protect their faces and help them rest comfortably. Ray's English guest had also
somehow dozed off while upright in the seat. Ray hoped it wasn't his boring
explanations that did it!

The ponygirls continued to trot for as long as the track was suited to the
speed. They had been trotting with the full load for more than half an hour so
Ray pulled them up at a rest point where there was a magnificent view out to the
ocean. He watered the ponies with the squeezy bottle and checked for any signs
of exhaustion, finding they were breathing well and didn't seem distressed. He
checked the bunnies on the trailer too; they had all been sleeping as he had
expected.

Jessica woke suddenly. "Urrgghhh!!", she uttered to Ray. It was not an
attractive noise, and even she didn't actually know what she just tried to say.
She was tired, aching, hungry, and a little worried about what would happen to
her.

"Nearly there bunny jessica. One more mile to go.", came Ray's reassuring
answer.

Ray and his passengers arrived in due course at the Lodge's exotic 'Beach
Gardens' to off-load the bunnies. He dropped off four of them and was instructed
to take 'that one' up to the lodge to be prepared for the evening. Jessica
suddenly felt quite lonely on the trailer. All the other bunnies were on the
beach, including Nancy and her cabin mates. They weren't exactly having fun but
at least they would meet their fate together!

Ray took his ponies up the track to the Lodge. Because of its steep gradient, he
was walking in front of the ponies, so that they only had Jessica's weight on
the trailer to bear. Arriving in the courtyard in front of the Lodge. Jessica
could not believe the Lodge was so beautiful. She had always thought of it as a
stinking hell-hole because of her previous experience in its cells. A door on
one of the side buildings opened and two men came out.

"Is that the one?", one of the men asked Ray.

He nodded. The men lifted Jessica's dirty, weary hog-tied body from the trailer.

"Enjoy yourself jessica!", Ray called out to her as she was being carried into
the building.

End of Chapter 13
to be continued....




14. The Pony Quarters, Jessica the Harem Slave
(Rabbit Island by Aurelius, c. 2002)

The two men carried Jessica into an annex of the Lodge, where she was expecting
to be dumped in a cell at any moment. Horrific images of her week in the cells
flashed in her mind. Instead she found herself in what could have been a
doctor's surgery: Brilliant white tiled, sterile, well lit, and with a range of
medical equipment. They left her, still hog-tied and ballgagged, on an
examination table and walked out.

A busy click-clack of heels could be heard as woman strode purposefully into the
room. She was around forty-five years old, quite beautiful, her hair and makeup
immaculate in her crisp white surgical coat. Jessica started to interrogate the
woman:

"Uuuggghhh uughh uughh? uuugghhhh #%&*hhh eegghhhh???"

"Hold on a second, my dear, while I find the key to you ballgag. I can't
understand a word you are saying.", the woman said with a disarming and
sympathetic smile.

She had a key-ring with around a dozen keys on it. Eventually locating the right
key, she unlocked and unbuckled Jessica's ballgag. Her fingers reached into
Jessica's mouth and struggled to pull out the red ball.

"Oh Lord, that's a big ball. How did you manage to put up with that all day?"

Jessica adjusted her jaw to it's normal state while thinking of a suitable
reply.

"You must have noticed, I didn't have any choice but to manage! They forgot to
give me my own key...again!", was Jessica's sarcastic reply.

"Yes. I'm sorry my dear, that was a stupid remark I made. My name is Carole.
Would you like some water, Jessica?"

Jessica nodded, and opened her mouth wide as the woman squirted some water into
it from the usual squeezy bottle. The woman began to take control.

"I am going to prepare you for tonight's festivities. I promise that if you
cooperate with me, you will enjoy your reward. If you don't cooperate, then
that's fine too,  I'll just send you to the cells. Do you understand?"

Jessica nodded again having relinquished her fight to the sympathetic Carole.

"Now let's see if I can get these leather cords undone. I'm hopeless at this
kind of thing. I think I'm supposed to start at the elbows...Ah yes, here's the
end of the cord."

To Jessica's relief and delight, Carole's firm tug on the cord released all the
tension in her bound-together elbows as the sprung apart. A minute later, with
no further knots to be untied Carole had removed all the leather cords from
Jessica's body. The feeling of relaxation as she straightened her legs out on
the table was an exquisite yet painful aching. These days, luxury for Jessica
meant merely having her hands in cuffs!

"Jessica dear, it's difficult for me to say this to you, but you're dirty and
you smell awful, so I am going to send you to the ponygirl quarters to get you
cleaned up."

Carole buzzed on her intercom and one of the men who had earlier carried Jessica
into the room, entered the room again.

"Erik, darling! Take off all bunny jessica's chains and escort her to the
ponygirl quarters. Inform them that she is to be thoroughly cleaned. Return her
to me in two hours."

The young man smiled politely at both the women. Moments later he had unlocked
Jessica's ever present handcuffs and her leather collar. Her hands hung
awkwardly at her sides and she felt a little strange after having her hand held
neatly behind her back for so long. What was she supposed to do with her hands?
There was no point in covering her pussy or breasts after all the time she spent
naked.  For a moment she considered asking for the handcuffs to be replaced.

Luckily, Erik came to the rescue by bringing her wrists together behind her back
and tying a soft piece of rope around them. Jessica instantly felt comfortable.
He then moved in front of her with a folded black silk scarf and expertly tied a
blindfold. Then, taking her by the arm, he led her out of the doctor's room and
on to the next destination. Did she hear Carole correctly? They were going to
pony quarters?

Jessica expected to be walking outside into an awful paddock where the ponygirls
were no doubt already chained up in the straw for the night. She would probably
be subjected to high powered hose, jetting out freezing water at her. Yet it
didn't happen that way. Eric continued to lead her very gently through corridors
inside the building. Although blindfolded she could still feel marble floors or
rugs under her bare feet, so concluded that she must still be indoors. They
stopped walking, and Eric opened up a door to a room and prodded Jessica ahead
of him. She could sense instantly by smell and sound that the room had a warm
swimming pool in it.

Eric shouted something to the occupants. "Here she is, girls...I'll collect her
at seven."

Jessica stood, still tied and blindfolded, wondering when the blast of cold
water would hit her. The room went rather quiet for a few seconds. She felt a
woman's hands untying the rope from her wrists, then the blindfold was removed.

A naked, very well build young woman stood in front of her and smiling broadly.
She wasn't exactly pretty but had lovely thick long dark hair and looked vaguely
familiar.

"Hi Jessica, it me... Sandra... the ponygirl!... One of Ray's ponies!"

Having only ever seen Sandra in a working bridle and harness and with her hair
plaited and pinned up she wasn't sure what Sandra really looked like! Jessica
briefly cast her eyes down at her body. There were fresh indentations of the
harness still showing on her body and her pony piercings showed proudly.

Jessica stood in front of Sandra in awe. This was one of the ponies that had
carried five hog-tied bunnies and two men for more than five miles most of it at
trotting or running pace. She remembered her good manners...

"Thank you for the ride today, it was a very smooth journey."

"You're welcome, Jessica. It was hard work, but it felt good to be able to pull
a load like that. I know that Master Ray was satisfied with us.", Sandra said,
clearly very pleased with herself.

Jessica gazed around the room, trying to take it all in. It was part pool
complex, part living quarters, with comfortable chairs and a simple dining
table.

"Sandra. This place is rather nice, I had no idea you got this kind of treatment
when you weren't being a pony!"

"It's all for a good reason. The swimming helps us recover from the day out on
the trails. Look, there's Karita already in the swimming pool and in the jacuzzi
over there are Wendy and Tanya, Riccardo's ponies.  The other four ponies had to
go back to collect the last of the rabbit hunters, so they won't be back for a
while."

Jessica was truly astonished that after the ponygirls finished their day they
came to a luxurious place like this. She joined Sandra in a quick shower before
jumping playfully hand-in-hand into the small swimming pool. The questions could
wait. Right now Jessica was enjoying her moment of luxury, stretching her arms,
loosening her shoulders and just swimming normally back and forth. Next came the
jacuzzi, with plenty of room for three of them. It was as pleasurable as it was
unexpected for Jessica.

"Do they let you use the pool often?", was Jessica's first obvious question.

Sandra laughed. "Jessica, this is our living quarters, including the pool.
Through that door is our dormitory. That door on the left is the tack room where
we maintain our equipment, and on the far side is the dining table and some
sofas where we relax."

Now Jessica had to reform all her opinions about the Island, confused by
people's behaviour and the various lifestyles that people had. Was this an
island of brutal treatment and female subservience and slavery as she first
thought, or was it a place of sensual pleasures and fulfillment? A place of
kindness or cruelty? Jessica knew she was a prisoner but her viewpoint could not
yet encompass the full complexity of the life on Rabbit Island.

Jessica's next pleasurable experience was having her hair washed with a gentle
shampoo, just the everyday type used by the ponygirls. Then a toothbrush,
although she was surprised that her teeth were relatively clean already.

Jessica dried herself with a large fluffy towel and rested naked on the
comfortable sofas with the off-duty ponygirls. She wasn't required back at the
doctors for another hour, and was soon asleep on the sofa. While jessica takes a
quick nap it gives the author a chance to explain more about the setup in the
ponygirl quarters:

This complex of the swimming pool and the other rooms was the ponygirls' whole
world when they were not in harness. There were no windows, although a skylight
about the swimming pool provided natural daylight.

The Masters of Rabbit Island had found the living arrangement an effective way
of insuring good pony performance. It was Master Alex they had to thank for the
idea. Prior to his taking charge of the Lodge, the ponies did indeed live in
stable block, chained into their stalls, unable to speak to each other because
of gags in their mouths. In those days the ponies were often subject to
illnesses and lacklustre performance and were simply miserable. Needless to say
their performance as working ponies was an embarrassment.

Master Alex had made his reputation as a world renowned psychologist. The topic
that most challenged him was how to make people happy, and content with their
existence, whatever form that might take. More specifically, it was how to
succeed in this with females that had been brought to the island against their
will. For the writer of many best-selling pop-psychology books such as 'Slaves
to Suburbia' and 'You call this Freedom?',  the island gave him the most
delightful personal challenge. One that combined his great knowledge within the
field of psychology with his lifelong sexual predilection for female bondage and
submission.

In the ponygirl quarters the rewards for success and the punishment for failure
was made clear. If the ponygirls performed badly or had misbehaved during the
day the pony-driver would apply the lash to their hind quarters in an
appropriate manner before releasing them into the quarters. If they persisted in
performing badly they could lose their pony 'status'. A variety of unpleasant
options would then be considered by the 'Sentencing Committee'. Rehabilitation
was always their objective, but as a last resort there were always buyers
throughout the world that would gladly take failed ponygirls off their hands
forever.

With the new pony quarters and regime in place, performance improved
dramatically and pony failures had become very rare. The dilemma was that they
received so many 'offers that they couldn't refuse' for the best of the ponies.
Happily, the funds received from the ponygirl sales easily paid for the upkeep
of all the facilities, as well as the salaries of the pony-drivers, thus
justifying Master Alex's decision on economic grounds alone.

The ponygirls lived a very structured existence. If they performed their duties
correctly then life was quite pleasant (if one doesn't mind going to work in a
leather harness and with a bit between your teeth!) The evening routine was as
follows:

When the ponygirls returned back at the end of a working day, their driver would
take them into the tack room and remove their harnesses and reins, carefully
checking for any bruises and sore areas. His working day had now finished. He
had only to make sure that door was securely locked. The ponygirls would have to
help each other out of their bridles and then remove their own boots, then they
were free to relax in their quarters. Once undressed from their tack, they took
a quick shower and went straight into the swimming pool for a long relaxing
stretch. Twenty minutes in the jacuzzi usually followed their swimming. Relaxed
and unwound after the jacuzzi, they would either take a quick nap in the
dormitory before supper was served, or sit on the sofa and make a start on their
tack maintenance.

At least a couple of hours tack maintenance, polishing their harnesses, bridles,
and boots, was needed every night to keep their tack up to a high standard.
However, it was not so much of a chore considering it could be done in a
comfortable sofa chatting to the other ponygirls. They even had a small
collection of classical music CD's to play on the stereo equipment.

Their supper was the same food as the bunnies had although in larger portions.
Unlike the bunnies they could eat it with normal cutlery and seated at a table.

They slept in normal beds with good orthopaedic mattresses. However, handcuffs
and chains at each end of the bed ensured that they would remain fixed to their
beds during the night hours. Each of them was responsible for cuffing her own
wrists and ankles at nighttime. A two-way mirror along the side of the room
permitted the masters to monitor their security. The lights would remain on
until the night duty manager was sure that they were all secured then an
infrared camera linked to the control room with allow continuous monitoring.

In the morning the dormitory lights would go on, then a handcuff key fixed to a
long chain descended to within reach of each pair of cuffed hands. It was a
simple system harnessing a couple of long wooden polls to which the key chains
were attached. A standard domestic roller-blind motor was easily adapted to turn
the poles, causing the chain to unwind and lower the key. Therefore the
ponygirls could all be released from their beds with literally the flick of a
switch!

When the ponygirls rose they had to make sure they were ready for the
pony-driver's arrival. The ponygirl pair on the bunnies' breakfast run were the
first to make themselves ready. The routine was straightforward:
1) Ensure that her mane was neatly plaited and pinned to the top of her head.
2) Apply a sun-block moisturiser all over her body.
3) Put on her pony-boots. She would always take enough time to walk around in
them to ensure they were comfortably laced up.
4) Place a large red rubber ball in her mouth. It was not strapped on, she just
had to keep it in her mouth.
5) Stand in the middle of the room and put on handcuffs behind her back. The
handcuffs were fixed to the end of chains that dangled from the high ceiling to
waist height, so once the ponygirl had handcuffed herself she could do nothing
except stand and wait silently for her driver to arrive.

When the pony-driver opened the outside door he would expect to see his two
ponies ready for him in the fashion described. While they stood, thus secured,
he could easily fit their bridles, harnesses and reins.

The tack room was like the ponygirls' air-lock to the outside world. They only
ever went into the outside world through the tack room and fitted with some kind
of harness. It meant the process of being harnessed-up became associated with
the pleasure of being outdoors in the sunshine and fresh air. They felt a
physical need to be running and trotting because of their training and
conditioning. It was an addiction similar to that suffered by many compulsive
joggers.

The driver's task of fitting the harness, bridle and reins was pleasurable time
for the ponygirls, both for the anticipation of what was to come and also
because of the firm and caring handling of their driver as he bound them tightly
and attached the reins to their most intimate places. The drivers, being normal
guys, also enjoyed the intimate contact with their ponies at this time. A firm
rule forbidding sexual contact between them was a necessary expediency. The
pony-drivers and the ponies had a lot to lose if they were caught breaking the
rule.

The ponygirls' were trapped in this paradox: When they were inside they were
free and undisturbed, living pleasurably yet locked inside a their luxurious
prison cell. When they were on duty as ponygirls, they were outside in the fresh
air and able to enjoy running and visiting other parts of the island, yet they
were tightly harnessed, bitted so that couldn't speak. Freedom, it seems, is
relative and can take many forms.

***

One of the ponygirls woke Jessica a few minutes before she was to be collected.
Jessica was feeling refreshed after her swim and sleep and was becoming used to
her hands not being handcuffed.

Erik came to collect Jessica just before 7pm. He blindfolded her and tied her
hands as before and they returned to the doctor's room.

"Welcome back, Jessica. I trust you had a good rest", Carole called out to the
still blindfolded Jessica entering the room. "Now we just want to get you
comfortable in the chair so we can make you look beautiful for this evening."

Jessica realised now that Carole the doctor was more likely just a beautician,
and with her were two young assistants that Jessica could hear but not see. They
were young, slim and beautiful with blonde hair prettily pinned up. They each
wore same style of white dress, which had a tight bodice giving a lovely support
and shape to medium sized breasts, creating an alluring shelf of soft breast out
the top of the dress. The bodice laced attractively at the back to give the
garment a corset-like shape.

The skirt of the dress worn by the blonde girls was made of a lightweight
multi-layered fabric and draped elegantly over their curvy hips and down to the
ankle. Each girl wore an inch wide, white leather collar that appeared seemless.
Their arms were bare except for similar white leather bands around each wrists.
It gave the girls a look of cool, sexy elegance.

Carole told Jessica that these girls were called 'pussies', named after the cute
house pets they resembled. With them today were pussy anna and pussy lisa. The
pussies were carefully selected for their role and only the most beautiful,
charming and submissive need apply. Pussies were always blonde (natural or
otherwise) and wore only white clothing, similar to the dresses they wore today.

Jessica was made to sit down in a chair, that was not unlike a hairdressers
chair. The cool shiny surface felt quite nice against her clean skin.
Immediately Carole fastened a strap across her, just under her breasts which
held her firmly in the chair, then another across her shins ensured that her
legs couldn't move. Carole asked Jessica to open her mouth and she obeyed, she
trusted the doctor, but was a little surprised to find a large piece of fabric
being pushed into it. By the time she managed to close her mouth the fabric was
fully inside her. A piece of surgical tape across her mouth kept it there.

It was only five minutes ago that Jessica was lounging around with the ponies,
and now she shocked to find herself blindfolded, gagged, hands tied and strapped
to a chair. Her earlier optimism had evaporated in an instant. She could feel
somebody toying with her nipples, rubbing something cool on them. Her nipples
were becoming erect and as impressive as ever.

"Very nice. You have beautiful breasts Jessica. Very round and firm", Carole
said sweetly. "I know you are a strong brave girl so I will tell you that I am
going to pierce your nipples. Just remember that thousands of young women pay to
have this done at their local mall every week so you've nothing to be scared
of."

 "Ready?", she asked quietly. "Uh huh", came the gagged reply, and Jessica felt
soft female hands on her shoulders. She pulled on Jessica's nipple and firmly
pushed a piercing needle through the side of it.

There was no crying or struggling from Jessica. If somebody said she was brave,
then she would have to be brave. Her nipples hurt but it was really no worse
than having them clamped. Nipple rings were soon fitted and was accompanied by
the sound of a tinkling bell which was attached to each ring. Jessica's
blindfold and gag were removed and Carole lifted one of Jessica's breasts so she
could see what they had done to her. "Don't they look nice? Don't worry about
the blood, it will soon stop."

Jessica nodded in agreement. Yeah, kinda nice, she thought, trying not to look
too delighted. She'd always wanted her nipples pierced but was scared she would
have been considered a slut within her conservative social circle.

The two pussies started to work on Jessica's hair, giving it a good wash and
shampoo, followed by a trim. Carole took over the styling in the latter stages
with a little cutting, curling, a little red highlighting and crimping, and
proved herself to be an artist.  The pussies applied a scarlet red varnish to
her finger and toe nails while Carole worked on her hair.

Jessica was stunned when they turned her chair around to look in the mirror. By
the time they had made up her face she looked beautiful and exotic with a
lustrous black shadowing around her eyes, trimmed and shaped eyebrows, and
glistening deep ruby red lips. It was not the caked-on face of a beauty pageant
but that a sensual womanly beauty. Jessica had never dreamt she could look like
this. The pussy-girls released all her bonds so that the preparation could
continue.

The next treat awaiting Jessica was held in Carole's hand: The ben-wah balls:
Three lacquered wooden balls threaded together on a thin cord, painted with
ornate and highly erotic designs.

"These were made in Japan in the nineteenth century", Carole informed her,
handling the balls with a curator's pride. She expertly inserted them into
Jessica with the latter's full cooperation. Jessica was familiar with the
extremely nice sensation they gave her. These ones felt even better than the
ones she had at home!

They dressed Jessica in a garment that could be described as a harem slave's
outfit. It was a deep translucent red, and had artistic designs in golden thread
running over it. The top part finished in a golden, tasseled fringe beneath her
breasts. Long billowing sleeves went all the way down to each wrists where they
were tied with a little red ribbon. A red quarter cup bra gave a flattering lift
to her breasts, but didn't come close to obscuring her nipples, which along with
the little bells, could be seen and heard through the fabric.l
Jessica's smooth belly was left bare except for a ruby fixed into her navel.

The long pants of her harem slave costume billowed exotically down to her feet
where the material was again gathered by a red ribbon at the ankles. The
waistband of the pants was made of a beautiful wide brocade that fit very well
on her hips then swooped at the front to just about her pubic hair, leaving
Jessica's belly exposed from there to just under her breasts. A thin belt-type
strap hung down the front and back of the brocade inside the fabric. Carole
slipped the first strap through the buckle of the rear strap and secured it
snuggly against Jessica's vulva. "We wouldn't want those precious ben-wah balls
to fall out would we?". Jessica nodded.

The pussy girls were busy fitting a delicate chain arrangement on Jessica's
feet. Each of her toes had a little ring on it, connected by a chain to another
around her ankle. It tickled, but felt and looked exotically lovely.

An engraved gold plated collar was put around her neck. She heard a delicate
click as the two parts met. The only protrusion of the collar was a solid D ring
which would be used later.

A delicate veil arrangement was placed on her head which covered her face below
her exotic dark eyes. The fabric was the same translucent red and gold as the
other garments so her luscious lips could still be detected beneath it.

Finally, her hands were cuffed in front with a one foot length of chain between
them. In turn this was attached to a loose prisoner's belly-chain that barely
hung on her hips. Chains on her ankles were attached likewise.

When Jessica looked in the mirror she felt like she was looking at another
woman, from a different world in a different century. She was almost seduced by
her own reflection. Jessica also caught the reflections of her three dressers
all beaming with pride and admiration. The pussies then sprayed her with a
delicate mist of the finest perfume she would ever know.

It was hard to believe that she was the same muddy, hog-tied wild animal that
had been dumped in the room a few hours earlier.

"It's time to go to the ball, Jessica.", said Carole, smiling proudly.

End of chapter 14
to be continued...




15. Afternoon at the bondage barbecue
(Rabbit Island by Aurelius, c. 2002)

This chapter takes place concurrently with the previous one in which Jessica is
being prepared.

***

It was just as well that Jessica could not see what was happening to the other
bunnies while she was being pampered, or she might have felt rather guilty.

When the bunnies were off-loaded from the trailers they were dumped, still
hog-tied with the leather cord, onto the immaculate lawn. In due course the
handlers would get them cleaned up and mete out their prescribed punishments.
Fortunately their gags had been removed and they had been given water to drink
while they waited.

The bespectacled young man with the clipboard was back again and having collated
all the results, and was threading his way through the randomly scattered
bunnies marking each with a number that indicated her final position in the
hunting game. Kate could distinctly feel a 7 being written on her right buttock
with a marker pen. Seventh out of twenty was not too bad but was not good enough
to exempt her from the punishments. She heard her name called out softly.

"psst! Kate, over here!"

To her right hand side was Juliette, still hog-tied like Kate since her time on
the trailer. Kate shifted around awkwardly on her belly until she was nearly
face to face with the lovely French girl.

"What number are you?"

"Eight, I think.", said Juliette.

"I'm seven!"

They had figured out that the lower numbers were better, as the bunnies numbered
16-20 were already hanging upside down in a line, swinging by a rope attached to
their ankles. Their first whippings had already been delivered. Sumi and Maria
were amongst them.

All the bunnies, regardless of their state of bondage, were ungagged at that
stage and talking quietly among themselves appeared to be tolerated by the
handlers. The quiet chatter of the hog-tied bunnies combined with the happy
workmanlike banter of their handlers  created a surreal spectacle.

The worst torture for Kate at the moment was the smell from the barbecue grill.
A sausage in a roll (i.e. a hotdog but with real meat!) was being served as a
snack to all the handlers while they stopped for a cold beer. Kate was
carnivorous by nature and craved the taste of meat after so long on the bunnies'
vegetarian diet. She decided to attract someone's attention and thought she was
in luck. Ray had just collected his hotdog on a paper plate from the barbecue
and was walking over to see her.

He stood over her close enough for her to lick his shoe had she wanted to. For a
bite of meat she decided she was willing to lick clean the soles of both his
shoes. Ray thought the blonde cutie at his feet looked as adorable as ever
despite the dirt on her face.

"Hello number seven, having fun down there?", Ray enquired with a wicked grin.

"Do I look like I'm having fun trussed up like this?", Kate replied, while
getting rather annoyed with her lowly predicament.

"Well, I thought bunnies were supposed to enjoy a nice tight hog-tie. Maybe
you're not wriggling enough!"

Placing his hotdog and beer on the grass just a few inches away from her nose,
he bent down and tickled both sides of her ribs. Kate squirmed and screamed like
a crazy thing, trying hopelessly to evade his agile fingers. Five minutes of
that could drive a hog-tied female mad.

"There you go... you're having fun now aren't you?"

He didn't notice that Kate's wriggling had put her mouth in biting distance of
his hotdog. Unfortunately Ray spotted her intention, and rescued his snack from
her jaws at the very last moment.

This left her with no alternative but to beg. "Pleeeease give me just a little
bite", she pleaded like a spoilt little girl with an exquisite frown on her
face.

"Bunny kate, it seems that you can't get enough of my sausage these days", he
joked, thinking of their recent oral sessions.

He broke of a small piece of his sausage (the one in the roll of course!) and
bent down to offer it to Kate's eager lips. As she went to bite it he moved it
quickly just out of reach.. He repeated the cruelty a couple more times for the
enjoyment of the audience of other handlers before popping it into his own
mouth.

"Meat is bad for bunny!", he preached, wagging his finger at her, causing
laughter amongst the men watching. The men were all aware that the bunnies were
not allowed to eat meat so had been watching curiously to see what Ray was
actually doing to the hog-tied bunny.

As Ray walked away from Kate to sit and eat with the other guys, nobody noticed
his sleight-of-hand as a piece of sausage fell perfectly in front of Kate's
lips. Kate managed to grab the piece of sausage in her lips without attracting
further attention. Ray was the kindest and cruellest bastard she ever met! She
sucked the juice from the meat, determined to savour all its succulent flavour
before surreptitiously chewing it down.

***

The bunnies in 2nd to 5th place in the hunting game were waiting to be staked
out on the lawn. Among them were Rachel and Hannah. Freed from their hog-ties a
little earlier, and taken for a shower, they were standing around in their usual
handcuffs, collar and chain while men hammered two rows of five iron stakes into
the lawn at six foot intervals.

The four bunnies were fitted with neat blindfolds, manhandled so they were
situated evenly between the stakes, and then bound spread-eagled alongside each
other, with one post being the securing point shared by neighbouring bunnies.
All ropes were pulled as tight as possible, as their delicious female squirming
was not required on this occasion. Once the bunnies were spread-eagled a rope
was run tightly between neighbouring elbows and neighbouring knees. This means
that the bunny feels a pulling on her arms or legs if her neighbour struggles
against the tight ropes.

The four staked-out bunnies had become the arena for the exciting sport of Bunny
Bags. In this game the players have to toss small bean-bags into the areas
between the spread-eagled bunnies. The area roped-off from elbows to knees is
the scoring zone. Nipple clamps are fitted and a rubber ball is inserted into
each bunny's mouth. These items are progressively removed as the game progresses
because they are an integral component of the scoring system.

When throwing the bean-bag, the player has a compelling tactical reason for
landing the bean-bag it onto the torso of a bunny even though these throws do
not score points. The amusing moments where the blindfolded bunny jerks with
shock as the bean-bag lands on her is one of many pleasures that players and
spectators derive from this game. If the bunny tries the 'buck-off' technique to
remove the bean-bag she would not be surprised to find the players attempting to
tighten her ropes still further.

The method of keeping score is probably unique among modern sports. A string of
eight ping-pong ball sized coloured beads is inserted into the vagina of one
bunny for each player. (A special lubricated applicator bag is most helpful for
this). When a player scores points he may pull out that number of beads from his
bunny's vagina. They first player to have the eight beads in his hand wins the
set and can remove a nipple clamp or the gag from his 'score-bunny'.

This game is avidly played by all men on the island, even the nerdy young guy
with the clipboard plays very competitively! The singles final later that
evening will be hotly contested with a trophy and prize money. Meanwhile the
knockout stages take place throughout the afternoon while the other bunnies are
prepared for the main evening show.

Although it may seem cruel, being spread-eagled for 'bunny bag' game is a
relatively harmless yet stimulating way of passing a few hours for bunnies, and
is the least punishing option available to them, hence it being awarded to the
hunting game runners-up.

NOTE: For sports fans, complete rules of Bunny-Bags and equipment can be ordered
online from http://www.internationalbunnybagsfederation.com or email the author.
Log on now to join our campaign to make this an official Olympic sport!

***

Another amusement being prepared was the 'Pok'er Posts(R)'. Three slim posts in
a row separated by around a metre. Three bunnies wearing only high-heeled shoes
have to stand upright with a post rising between their legs. Fitted to the top
of the post was a dildo covered with a strong lubricated condom. The post's
height was adjusted so that the dildo goes fully inside the bunny. The bunnies'
ankles were tied neatly to a securing point near the bottom of the post. Once
that is done then bunny can't escape even with her hands free.because there is
no way she could bend her body down to untie the ankles. Nancy found herself on
one of these posts. She was never much of a glamorous dresser so consequently
found the high heels more of a problem than the dildo rammed up her cunt.

The appeal of the Pok'er Posts was that the bunny could be tied and retied for
the amusement of the guests, whilst remaining securely fixed to the post. Their
situation lent itself to impromptu lessons in rope harnessing. Wrapping them
tightly in miles of rope was a fun way to spend half an hour as well as
educational.

Tying the wrists behind her and fitting a ring-gag in her mouth would render a
bunny ideally positioned for what the British would call a 'serious snog', i.e. 
a very deep and passionate kiss while hugging tightly. Thus secured, Nancy must
have looked quite appealing as she had endured several vigorous snogs from the
various handlers. The snogging was not too objectionable, but they tended to
leave her breathless and rather flushed!

The lady guests also seemed to enjoy having the bunnies on the Pok'er posts.
Perhaps it was the way they could stand face to face with the bunnies, kissing
them, caressing and teasing their breasts and then have a little feel grope
below to see how the bunny was responding. If they could bring a posted bunny to
an orgasm it would really make their day!

A fun game which is often played at the Pok'er Posts is the grape and olive
throwing game. It's very easy to play. The bunny's torso should be firmly
trussed in rope, hands behind her back of course. The players stand behind a
line around two metres away and try to toss a grape or olive (pitted) into the
open mouths of the bunnies. If the bunnies are hungry and thirsty, they will do
their utmost to catch what is thrown at them. This creates some delightful
movements as the bunny shifts from side to side in her stringent ropes while
trying to catch the food in her mouth. The throwers should alternate between
olives and grapes to give the bunny a more 'interesting' taste sensation. There
were two guys in wheelchairs, one old, the other very much in his prime, who
were so good at tossing the grapes and olives that they had a competitive game
at four metres distance.

Although not a proper sport like Bunny Bags,  the Pok'er Posts provide amusement
for all, regardless of age, gender or disability!

***

With so much lovely female flesh to prepare for the evening event, it would
inevitably lead to a build up of tension in the handlers. Along the beach, in a
shady and secluded area nearby, three bunnies had been placed in their
prescribed positions. Theirs was a vital job. The three bunnies here provided a
quick and effective outlet for uptight workers. It was not unusual to see a
handler with a worried look on his face, hurrying along the beach to find them.

The first bunny was tied spread-eagled between four stakes on the sand nearby.
This was Kelly, the cute blonde teenager from Jessica's cabin.

The second was bent forward over a horizontal post with wrists and ankles cuffed
wide apart at ground level. A choice of two accessible holes awaited her
visitors.

A third bunny was kneeling upright and tied back to a low post. Her mouth was
ring-gagged and ready to receive a shot of high-protein food from any penis
willing to donate.

***

Kate and Juliette's above average performance in the hunting entitled them to
become a 'display', but before that they needed to been cleaned up. Spending a
morning running around a hillside and a hot afternoon battling against their
hog-ties, would not leave anyone smelling particularly nice, however this was
soon to be rectified. Outdoor showers stood nearby and two slim blonde girls in
white bathing suites (two more pussy-girls!) were ready with their scrubbing
brushes. As Kate and Juliette were stood underneath the showers the blondes
cleaned them up with bustling efficiency and even their hair got shampooed,
brushed and dried. Once dried off, the pussy girls then made up the bunnies'
faces with a quick foundation, blush, eye-shadow and liner and a bright red lip
gloss.

Looking and feeling considerably more feminine, the bunnies were made them sit
back to back on a small wooden platform just large enough for their two bums,
their handlers then eased a vibrator into their pussies (which would not be
switched on till later).
.
While in this back-to-back position, Kate's arms were brought behind her back to
be tied together in front of Juliette's belly and Juliette's were tied in front
of Kate's belly. Then the expert ropemaster tied their feet to each other and
wove an intricate harness of rope between the torsos two bunnies. To add a
little 'frisson' to their situation, nipple clamps were applied to Kate's tits
and carefully attached to Juliette's tied wrists so that any movement from
Juliette would be transferred to Kate's sensitive nipples. Naturally Juliette
received the reciprocal treatment. A pair of ballgags with head-harnesses were
buckled loosely to dangle from their arms, in readiness for the evening session
when the gags would be fixed on them. Passers-by were soon stopping to admire
the back-to-back blondes trapped in their intricate ropework from the
ropemaster.

***

There were just two more scenarios to prepare for the evening event. The first
involved the five bunnies who had been dangling upside down by their ankles for
the last couple of hours. After a couple of light whippings followed by a
refreshing hose-down with cold water, they were hanging limply, hands cuffed
behind them, resting as best they could in their inverted state.

Late in the afternoon they were released one at a time and secured in a row,
bending forward over a horizontal rail, five ripe bottoms nicely displayed and
ready for the evening's Precision Caning competition!

***

Three other bunnies were prepared into wooden stocks so that they had to stand
slightly bent forward. Their heads and hands poked through holes in the wood in
the traditional manner. The chin of each bunny was supported by a wooden
triangular wedge so that her head faced forward to the audience instead of
downwards - it was vital in this game that the audience had a clear view of the
bunnies' faces. A curtain was fixed beneath each set of stocks so that the
audience could only see the bunnies faces and hands. The game of 'Touch and
Tell' was a very popular audience participation game and would be a highlight of
the evening. This is the game where the audience have to guess what is being
done to the body of the bunny in stocks based on her facial expressions and the
noises she makes.

With all this and the 'mud-hog' racing as well,  it was shaping up to be a
wonderful evening.

End of Chapter 15
to be continued.... evening at the bondage barbecue...Jessica gets
horseshoe'd...the ponygirl trials

22nd July 2002 - Author's note
This story is still being written. Please let me know if you enjoyed it or not
by rating and reviewing it at BDSMLibrary.

If you have any specific ideas or comments, feel free to send me an email.
Aurelius




16. Evening at the Bondage Barbecue
(Rabbit Island by Aurelius, c. 2002)

It was nearly dark when Erik led jessica out of the annex and into the well-kept
grounds that surrounded the Lodge.. The tinkle from the bells on her nipple as
she walked around the building was a constant reminder of her recent piercing.
Combined with the ben-wah balls moving gently within her vagina she was, with a
slight reluctance, feeling every bit like the sensual creature they had created.

The lawn at the back of the Lodge ended abruptly in what looked to be a sheer
cliff. Waiting for jessica was a crude steel cage hanging from a strong iron
frame bolted into a concrete floor where a man stood alongside of it ready to
operate a long lever on a control panel.

"Get in", Erik commanded. This hadn't been what jessica was expecting after all
the loving care she had received in the afternoon. She tentatively stepped into
the cage. Much to her great surprise Erik got into the cage with her and the man
operating the contraption slammed the door on them with a dissonant clang. With
a quick glance at his captives the man pushed his level and the cage started to
move towards the edge of the cliff. If they were about to meet their fate, Erik
was to be taking it rather well! The cage seemed to be floating in the air,
descending into darkness.

"Isn't this the way to travel?", said Erik contentedly as they descended at a
slant to a fire lit area in the distance below. A ring of small fires could be
seen around the perimeter of the barbecue area. They could see and gradually
hear at least a hundred people below them, talking, and laughing merrily. It was
a bizarre atmosphere: half tribal and half suburban America. The rudimentary
ski-lift in which they were travelling, Erik explained, took just two minutes to
get up and down the cliff compared to ten minutes on the winding track. It could
safely handle four people with a squeeze!

When the cage came to a soft halt at beach level, Erik opened the cage door and
the astonishing view unfolded before them. There were a great many people in the
area, men and women in smart evening wear, others more casuals, and women tied
up and or otherwise restrained in numerous ways. Many of the women wore
beautiful and elaborate evening dresses that left their breasts completely
exposed. Although the dresses reached to their ankles the skirts had a slit up
the front that went all the way to their pussies. That's what seemed to pass for
formal evening dress in this socie Erik led jessica through the milling crowd to
a row of individual seats on a low wooden platform one step up from the lawn
level. There was at least a two metre gap between each seat, and in that gap a
large cushion to the side of each chair. Already seated on a cushion was a slim
female dressed entirely in black leather, even her head was tightly covered.
There wasn't any kind of opening for the mouth, only a slot where her bright
beautiful eyes could be seen peering out. A collar and chain attached her to the
chair. On the next cushions another female looked like a tabby cat, although she
was naked and wore a leather body harness. It was like an X rated character from
the famous musical. jessica couldn't tell whether the cat-girl had been tattooed
all over or whether it was just painted on for the evening. Her own harem slave
costume felt very comfortable by comparison.

Erik pushed jessica down to kneel on a large cushion alongside a vacant chair
and attached a thick chain, about a metre in length, from the chair to her
collar. The chain could have pulled a truck, but here, what mattered was the
symbolism. Its purpose - easily achieved - was to make jessica feel hopelessly
weak in comparison to the chain's size and strength. Sitting kneeling back on
her shins on the cushion and with her hands sat easily on her lap despite the
cuffs and chains around her wrists, jessica was sitting in the natural position
of a harem slave. She started to take in the scene around her.

Four bunnies were, at that moment, being staked out spread-eagled on the ground
right in the platform. Their handlers had earlier released them for a rest and
meal break, but now they had to retake their positions for the evening session.
The naked bunnies all wore blindfolds but jessica was pretty sure that hannah
and rachel were amongst them, after all she knew their bodies quite well by
then. Jessica feared that her friends were about to be publicly raped; yet
surely a gang rape doesn't require that they were prepared in such a precise and
pedantic manner as this was! At this stage jessica knew nothing of the earlier
rounds of Bunny Bags, but would later have a grandstand view of the upcoming
final games.

On the far side of the lawn, perhaps twenty metres away jessica spotted three
naked women attached to the Pok'er Posts. They were, at that stage, expertly
wrapped in white rope courtesy of the ropemaster who fixed kate and juliette.
The jerky manner of their movements caught jessica's attention. She could see
that some people were throwing something at them, and clearly deriving much
amusement from their targets. It took a while before jessica figured out that
the bunnies were trying to catch the objects in their mouths. At the same time
jessica noticed that nancy was one of those, but it didn't seem such an terrible
punishment compared to other things she could see.

Only a few metres away two blonde bunnies, kate and juliette, sat back-to-back
in an intricate web of white rope that bound them together as if they had been
captured by a giant spider! Each wore a tight-fitting harnessed-ballgag, with
its black straps and red ball complementing the bright white ropes. Kate turned
to look at the exotic slave girl kneeling by the chair  A veil covered her face
but the big dark eyes could only be jessica. Kate and juliette's evening was
'enlivened' by the vibrators that came to life in their pussies every fifteen
minutes. Occasionally their gentle moaning would draw a handful of spectators to
watch as the bunny's body would jerk and her eyes would glaze over as she
approached another tightly-restrained orgasm

***

To one side of jessica she saw five female posteriors displayed in a row bent at
the waist over a wooden rail. Their hands and feet were wide apart and secured
at ground level. It was the same five that had spent most of the afternoon
hanging bound and upside down. A small crowd of men and a few women were
starting to gather around the nervous wriggling asses. There was a round of
raucous male laughter in the air and jessica soon found out the reason:

Four naked blondes were being paraded. Jessica recognised two of them as the
pussies that had done her make-up earlier. Each of them was harnessed with a
strap-on black dildo which pointed purposefully forward. To add to their
indignity their hands were in leather cuffs attached to the harness behind them
and they all wore ballgags. Far from being nervous, the pussies appeared to be
eager participants looking forward to the game.

This game was simple: The dildo wearers had to plant ten firm thrusts into the
cunts of each of the bent-over bunnies. The quickest time to do all five wins.
Bearing in mind that most normal females have little experience of screwing
others in this fashion and that they would not be able to guide the dildo into
the cunts with their hands, a sequence of amusing mishaps was assured.

A man quickly went down the line of fidgeting bunny asses and slapped a liberal
amount of lubrication onto the labia of each. His ministrations produced a
pleasing 'uummpphh' from the ballgagged mouth of each one.

A whistle sounded and the first dildo-equipped pussygirl ran from the starting
line and made her approach to the nearest upturned ass. The head of the dildo
seemed to waver in all directions as the blonde fought to keep it still long
enough to push it in the fleshy lubricated hole. Several times she made a push,
only to miss the slot and fall forward onto the poor bent-over bunny. When she
finally managed to impale the bunny a load cheer went up and the audience called
out from one to ten as she pumped in and out. She had to repeat it with the
other four bunnies, and became more skilled at controlling the dildo with each
one. When the fifth bunny had been properly pumped, the pussygirl had to run
back over the starting line, where she immediately crumpled to the ground in an
exhausted heap.

Sumi and maria were the owners of two of those upturned asses. Sumi's neater
labia required a more precise aim from the dildo whereas maria's luscious lips
seemed to swallow it up.. By the time the fourth pussy girl had completed the
course both of them were well on their way to orgasm. Being roughly dildo-fucked
by pretty, bound and ballgagged blondes was a unexpected arousal for them. The
watching men could be divided into two types: Those rolling around laughing
heartily at the event and those with raging hard-ons caused by such energetic
girl-on-girl action. For two of those men relief was only yards away, so they
quickly selected the upturned ass of their liking and dropped their pants. To
great vocal support from the spectators they had soon pumped their loads into
the bunnies hot vaginas. Maria, who always preferred being taken doggie-style,
moaned loudly as she climaxed while the guy was still pumping her. That had
easily been the best part of her day!

***

The barbecue area was busy dispensing a variety of classy grilled food from
steaks to locally caught lobsters. In amongst the milling guests on the lawn
jessica saw Master Alex walking towards her with a plateful of food in one hand
and a glass of white wine in the other. He looked very handsome, she had to
concede, in dark grey linen trousers, a leather waistcoat and white collarless
shirt. For the last few days she hated him for the way he tormented her on the
beach then left her hanging in chains for the night. Yet, as he approached,
smiling at her, the ben-wah balls within her seemed to shift of their own accord
and something caused her nipple bells to ring softly. When he sat down in the
chair to which she was so sturdily chained she was grateful that her veil
covered her awkward blushing smile.

He sat down, with a relaxed and contented demeanour, that hid well the fact that
he was largely responsible for the evening's organisation. After arranging his
food and drink on the arm of the chair for a moment he lightly stroked jessica's
hair with his hand. She continued to sit proud and motionless, reminding herself
that she was sat in chains and on this island against her will. Curiously her
hands were still clasped together by her interlocking fingers in her lap as they
had been since she sat down. She had decided not to take even the limited
freedom that the chains offered her. Perhaps it was her way of denying that the
chains had control over her.

Master Alex stroked her hair again. This time she felt his finger move behind
her earlobe, probing, teasing and tickling, almost compelling her to turn to
face him.

He knew she would look great after Carole's elaborate preparations, but when
jessica turned and he saw the angry passion in her big dark brown eyes he was
truly stunned by her passionate beauty in her face. Her fiery Italian ancestry
had broken through the Brooklyn girl's usual countenance.

He knew what she was thinking: That this 'arrangement' was merely the second
part of his plan to dominate and somehow 'convert' or 'tame' her.

"Jessica, my dear. Do you know why you are sat here tonight?", his raised
eyebrows indicated that he expected a reply. She thought she knew but was
reluctant to say it.

"The Hunting Game?", jessica offered reluctantly, unsure of why she didn't want
that to be the only reason. She'd won the game and this was the reward for the
winner, yet she hated herself for it. She was only sitting there because of her
ability to avoid the hunters, so why did she feel she had capitulated to Master
Alex?

"That's right jessica, the Hunting Game. Is there any other reason you can think
of?"

She shook her head, and he detected a little sorrow in her eyes.

"That's right. No other reason." 

To dress her so beautifully and place her in a privileged position next to the
man that could see right through to her soul...and then to say it's only because
she won that stupid hunting game! His next words seemed to come out with some
reluctance:  "But I am honoured to have you sat next to me tonight."

It was like alternate strokes of a metronome, the way he could destroy her and
then build her up again. She turned away so he could not see her moistening
eyes.

"The day after tomorrow, jessica you will be back on your beach naked and
cuffed, so tonight please enjoy your reward and grace me with your company."

He lifted her little veil to the top of her head and offered a large cooked
prawn to her lips followed by a greedy sip from his wine glass, before carefully
lowering the veil again.

***

jessica had always been a big sports fan mostly because of her Italian father's
love of soccer and baseball. Luckily the best seats in the house for tonight's
game of Bunny Bags was on the platform where she was sitting. As the game
unfolded Master Alex whispered the rules and tactics to her in response to her
questions 

The tossing skills of the finalists were excellent although it was a contest
where tactics and strategies were as important. Equally impressive was the
bucking technique of Hannah: Even though tightly spread-eagled and blindfolded
she often managed to jerk her body enough to flip the bean bag up in the
required direction. The nipple-clamps, rubber ball, and the vaginal beads that
the spread-eagled bunnies had to endure might at first seem like a bizarre
method of scoring, but as one becomes more accustomed to it, one can see how it
adds greatly to the game's appeal. A well fought contest ended with a delighted
new singles champion. jessica could not help but applaud as he proudly received
his trophy and prize money. Even Hannah and the other spread-eagle bunnies were
applauded as they were untied and wearily got to their feet.

***

While Master Alex disappeared in the direction of the bar, jessica had an
unwelcome visitor. He looks slightly familiar to her.

"You fucking bitch. You're an animal!", the man shouted as he punched her hard
on the side of the face. With her hands chained in her lap jessica could do
nothing to protect herself from the assault except curl herself up as he struck
her again on the head.

Thankfully, the strong arm of nearby handler was around the assailant's neck
before he could hit out again. The shocked Jessica looked up to find Master Alex
already back on the scene. He stared enraged at jessica's attacker, trying to
control his anger.

"Martin, you've had too much to drink and you're a sore loser. The bunny caught
you fair and square, and you should just accept that". The assailant was the man
that jessica had kicked between the legs on MacDonald's Peak and perhaps not
surprisingly he bore a grudge against her. Jessica felt much better when she
heard Master Alex instruct the handler to chain the guy up in the cells!

 Master Alex examined her face. The left cheek was badly bruised from Martin's
first blow.

"Maybe we should leave now. We have a small infirmary to give you some
treatment", he explained, clearly concerned with her condition.

Perhaps it was because she knew the worse thing that could happen had already
done so, jessica decided she would rather stay at the barbecue. A woman came
over with an ice pack to hold against jessica's face. She was elegantly dressed
in a long green gown which, like all the others exposed her breasts. Her face
was still that of a slim teenager with a cute retrousse nose, although she had
just turned thirty.

"Thanks Emma, that's quick thinking.", Alex said, exchanging a warm glance with
her. She was a long-standing acquaintance. Master Alex held the ice pack against
jessica's cheek while she was fussed over by the elegant ladies present as if
she were a little child. She was lapping up all the attention! It didn't occur
to jessica that most of the ladies including Emma were dominant mistresses that
would have loved to have jessica serving them as a slave.

***

The Precision Caning competition brought a slightly darker tone to the evening,
much to the approval of the more serious Masters.  The five bunnies who had
earlier been dildo-fucked by the pussy girls were bracing themselves for the
worst  part of the day. It was torment of its own being fixed into position,
bent over the rail, for the two hours previous, knowing that a caning awaited
them. Three more bunnies had been added to rail bent over add shackled like the
others. Jessica was horrified to see that her best friend nancy was one of them.

The rules were simple. Each caner had to plant five lines onto the bum cheeks of
his allotted rump. The welts were to be in good parallel sequence and of equal
area and colour. The patterns would be judged and graded into order of quality.
In the second part of the competition the same criteria would be made for five
strokes on the back of the thighs. Again they would be graded and an aggregate
winner declared.

Most of the electric lighting was turned off by this time, but more brush
torches were brought in to illuminate the scene. It was a compelling scene; it
seems like body welts are meant to be seen by firelight. About a hundred men and
a handful of women had gathered silently to watch and savour.

The stripes on jessica's own buttocks and thighs that Master Alex inflicted on
her three days ago had begun to fade by this time, but she remembered how they
hurt her and how precisely Master Alex had delivered them. It did not come as a
surprise to find that he was one of the eight competitors. It was, however, a
cruel coincidence that nancy had been allocated as his target.

The next half an hour was taken up with the sound of a whooshing cane followed
by a muffled cry every fifteen seconds or so. A couple of dozen men and women
without the taste for caning socialised quietly at a distance. A few couples
were making love on the beach to the distance aroused by the erotic soundtrack
of the caning competition.

When it was Master Alex's turn to make his strokes jessica could hear the same
calls of encouragement that all the competitors received to a greater or lesser
degree. "Come on, Alex","Nice and steady, Alex", "Show 'em what you can do,
Alex". He'd rolled up his sleeves and jessica looked away as he planted his
strokes at a tempo that seemed painfully familiar to her. The caning he gave her
three days previously had merely been a practice session prior to tonight's
performance on her best friend's body.

After each stroke from Master Alex, Nancy matched it with a strong guttural
grunt behind her ballgag. She was taking it well compared to the others. Jessica
found herself listening intently to the swish of her Master's cane and also her
best friend's reaction to it.

Master Alex returned to jessica before all the competitors had finished,
carrying another glass of wine. It hadn't gone as well as he hoped, yet he
didn't seem particularly disappointed. He offered the glass up to jessica's lips
even before taking a drink himself. She hesitated while the glass was at her
lips.

At that point according to normal customs he was supposed to ask her what was
wrong. She had slipped into old social habits where:
1) A boyfriend does something she doesn't like
2) She gives him the cold shoulder
3) He asks her what's wrong and gets ready to apologise.

For some reason, kneeling in chains at the feet of one of the world's most
eminent psychologists her gesture hadn't worked as she expected. Instead he took
the glass and enjoyed the drink while stroking her hair and teasing her earlobes
once again. She was becoming accustomed to losing the mental battles with Master
Alex."

"Master Alex, please may I have a little wine."

"Why didn't you take didn't you drink when I offered it to you?"

"Because you had upset me."

"No, jessica. It was because you wanted me *to know that* you were upset with
me. Your behaviour does not befit a mature person whether Master or subordinate.
I will see that you are punished for your immaturity... but not tonight. You
must learn that a subordinate must always speak openly to her Master."

She tried again, tempered by his command. "Master Alex. I am upset that you
caned my best friend nancy. I was afraid that you had hurt her."

"It's true, I did hurt her." he said bluntly. "I hit her exactly the same way,
and with the same force, that I hit you on the beach.", he said truthfully. "And
she was brave... just like you were." Once again, he had knocked her down and
built her up within moments.

Knowing that she and Nancy were considered brave made her feel very proud.
"Brave but immature and weak-hearted!" she thought to herself.

She was beginning to enjoy his caressing of her hair and was grateful when he
held the ice-pack against her face again. She was beginning to wonder if he
actually cared about her! Master Alex's hands slipped down the under the wide
neckline of her silken top, and fondled her breasts. His fingers found her newly
pierced nipples and their bells rang softly. He touched her nipples sensitively
as if duty impelled him to keep them in an erect state.

"It's a pity all of this will soon be removed. Your breasts are so suited to
those bells.", his hands withdrew and he knew instantly that he had just made
her sad. He'd played with her emotions and won easily. It was not so surprising
that he didn't care about the caning contest, he specialised in a games of the
mind and soul.

A while later a group of men had come to offer condolences to Master Alex for
his poor showing in the caning competition. By this time jessica's head was
resting softly on Master Alex's thigh while he continued to hold the icepack to
her face.

"Bad luck having a skinny ass like that to compete with. You really couldn't
have done any better. But I'll give the little bitch credit: For a thin girl she
took it very well", one of the men said, accurately describing nancy's
performance. Master Alex, to his credit, did not seek to put any blame onto
nancy's skinny figure.

As the men continued their in-depth analysis of the competition Master Alex
continued to caress jessica and she was aware that she was becoming the centre
of attention.

"Let me know if you don't need your slave girl tonight", one of the men said to
Alex, obviously smitten with jessica.

Alex laughed. "Sure I'll do that".

To jessica, it didn't sound like the laugh of someone that had totally dismissed
the suggestion.

***

After the intensity of the precision caning competition came the tell-tale-touch
game. The three bunnies standing in the stocks became the centre of attention. A
curtain hung down below the stocks so only the bunny's head and hands could be
seen. A wedge of wood ensured that her head faced forward towards the audience
instead of downwards. A wooden bit gag ensured that the bunnies would not give
the players any extra help.

The game was simple, and anyone with a photocopy of the game sheet could play.
When a number was called out the handler behind the screen would perform a
predefined action on one of the three bunnies. The audience had to use their
experience and powers of deduction to figure out what was being done to the
bunny. There were ten options, the player needs to write the number alongside
the right action. The options were.

1) Breasts gently squeezed.
2) Clothes-peg attached to breast
3) Nipples tweaked by fingers
4) Nipple clamps applied
5) Ribs tickled
6) Small butt plug inserted
7) Butt plug pulled out (helps if the player knew it had been inserted earlier!)
8) Labia rubbed softly
9) Clitoris fingered
10) Dildo inserted into vagina

Everyone enjoyed the embarrassed, pained and surprised expressions on the
bunnies' faces as a seemingly random activity was performed on them.

***

As the evening wore on the guests seems to slowly disappear back to the Lodge. A
small queue formed by the ski-lift removing four people at a time, while others
took the walk up the winding trail. The Lodges forty rooms would all be full
tonight and nobody would be sleeping alone! The single males amongst the guests
had chosen a female (bunny, pony or pussy) according to lots drawn in the
afternoon. The island's team of handlers including the Erik, Ray and Riccardo
were responsible for delivering the appropriate female to the correct bedroom.
The bunnies would usually be left chained, cuffed and blindfolded at the foot of
the bed to await their Master for the night.

Whilst Master Alex was engaged in conversation with some guests, Erik came to
escort jessica back to the Lodge. She was too scared to him ask with whom she
was to spend the night.

end of chapter 16
to be continued...A night in the horseshoe...ponygirls demonstrate their
prowess...the auction.




17. Strapped to the Horseshoe
(Rabbit Island by Aurelius, c. 2002)

The hallways of the Lodge looked much the same as any modern hotel, but jessica
would not know that as Erik had blindfolded her before they entered the front
lobby. There was nothing they were trying to keep her from seeing, in fact their
argument was reversed: she shouldn't see what doesn't concern her. After walking
along a few corridors Erik unlocked a door and prodded her into the room,
entered himself, and closed the door.

It was a large hotel room much like in any other four star hotel except perhaps
more spacious. This room had enough possessions lying around to indicate a more
permanent resident. The bed was a four-poster and came equipped with a real live
naked women standing tied to one of the posts. Already ballgagged and
blindfolded by Erik half an hour earlier,  her fine muscular body, particularly
her thighs and hips was such that a discerning Master would have recognised her
as a ponygirl even if the ponygirl piercings were not so apparent. Tonight this
woman was a bunny just like jessica and patiently looking forward to a night of
masculine attention. She sensed immediately that Erik had brought someone else
into the room.

Erik's task was to undress jessica and fix her into the 'horseshoe'. He was very
glad he had screwed a bunny on the beach earlier in the evening, or having to
undress the delectable jessica at that moment might have been more that his
self-control could manage. His day's work was still not done; there were still
other bunnies that he needed to delivery and prepare before his work was over.

As ever, the act of releasing and retying a bunny was handled with caution. No
matter how docile the female is behaving, she should never be given the
opportunity to even think about an escape. The most orthodox method of safely
switching bonds was by using a dark canvas hood, called a 'transition hood',
that covered the bunny's head and locked around her neck. That way the bunny
could be freed of all restraints with the surety that she could not remove the
hood even with freed hands. A sightless bunny had very poor escape prospects.

With jessica suitably hooded (and with her blindfold still beneath it!), Erik
removed all her chains and the seductive harem slave's costume. The canvas hood
was a kind of relief for Erik as it was not a very sexy look, so didn't arouse
him. He soon had jessica fixed into the horseshoe and removed the ugly canvas
hood.

The Horseshoe is a restraint device made of iron and is a little larger than a
human torso in length and width. It is portable and easily stored yet offers a
self-contained fixed structure to secure someone. It can be used in any
floor-space larger than its own compact size. The subject merely has to lay
within the horseshoe so that her neck is between and level with the open ends.
The horseshoe has five thick leather straps fixed to it at evenly spaced
intervals. These are attached to the subject at the upper arms, the wrists, and
a strap at the bottom of the U holds her ankles folded across one another. Once
secured, the bunny's front, from her mouth to her pussy, is perfectly presented
to her master. Games with candle wax and ice cubes, food items etc. can thus be
enjoyed at the master's leisure. Setting the horseshoe on a rug in front of an
open log fire is delightful; however, with the all year round warm climate of
Rabbit Island log fires are not installed in the bedrooms. Nonetheless jessica
had been laid on a very soft Persian rug.

Erik gazed down at jessica's body for a few moments to check that everything was
in order before he departed. The perfect round domes of her breasts were
accentuated by the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed.  Her shapely body
would provide a fine amusement for a master tonight. He envied that man.

Jessica tugged and tested the straps that held her, causing her nipple bells to
ring out.  She was clearly going nowhere! Her arms were held comfortably at her
side with the hands just wide enough that she couldn't touch her own body with
them. Her crossed ankles were fixed firmly to create a distinct stretch of the
adductor muscles in her groin. She could survive this quite easily yet she
sensed that secured in this position her body belonged to somebody else. Her
only question was who?

When she heard Erik leave the room jessica decided to find out who she had for
company.

"Hello?"
"Uh oh?", the woman was gagged and standing nearby.
"Can you see me?"
"Ohh", the woman was also blindfolded, jessica concluded.
"I'm jessica, do we know each other?"
"Ohh"
"Are you from a bunny camp?"
"Ohh! Ohheeehh"
"A pony?"
"Ehhh!"

That was about as far as that conversation was going to go. Jessica could sense
that she may yet become better acquainted with the unknown ponygirl before the
night was over.

It was at least half an hour later before jessica heard a man enter the room.
Master Alex gave no indication of his identity as he moved quietly around the
room. He took a pee and flushed the toilet, and stripped down to his boxer
shorts and silk dressing gown. He had a good body for his age, but his stomach
bore a horrific scar dating from a stabbing many years previous. As  a result of
that, not many of the women he had sex with ever saw his naked body.

He stood in front of the standing ponygirl and looped a finger into each of her
nipple rings. As he tugged gently she released little cries of pain and
pleasure. Did she know this man? What would he do to her? His hands grasped the
whole extent of her breasts and massaged them very slowly. He whispered in her
ear: "debbie. It's me", and planted the lightest kiss upon her cheek.

She knew who 'me' was and moaned softly in reply from behind her ballgag. Debbie
was almost, but not totally sure that she was in Master Alex's room but with
Master Alex there was always the element of doubt. He guarded against
predictability, yet he knew that everybody, including himself, creates and
follows their own patterns and preferences. Even a mere ponygirl like debbie had
over time understood many of the patterns and habits of Master Alex. She was
very happy to be one of those habits!

He inspected out her row of labia rings to see if they were prepared as
specified. A red ribbon had been laced through the six rings and tied in a bow
at the topmost one. Debbie knew there was only one reason to lace her rings
together with ribbon like that: To give the master the pleasure of untying it in
order to make love to her! He ran his hand softly over her hairless pussy and
enjoyed the feel of the labia rings and the ribbon again the sensitive skin of
his palm. Debbie's moans expressed her pleasure with his touch.

It was the shape of a ponygirl with her strong thighs and hips that appealed to
Master Alex. Their permanent piercings and smooth hairless pussies also met with
his approval. Seeing and feeling debbie's laced-up piercings as she awaiting the
moment when he would loosen them, was a great turn-on for him. But first he had
to give his attention to jessica. Debbie was needed to help him, so he removed
her blindfold and released the chain that held her hands high up the bedpost.
Her hands remained in their chain-linked leather cuffs in front of her belly.

Jessica, although ungagged, had remained quiet since Master Alex walked into the
room. Unlike debbie, she had no reason to believe that Master Alex would be with
her tonight. Debbie knelt down at jessica's feet, looking towards jessica's
nervous body. She placed her hands on jessica's inner thighs but did nothing
more to arouse her at that stage. Master Alex had meanwhile located the bottle
of white wine in the ice bucket that Erik had kindly arranged for him. Some
candles were already lit and close to hand was a jar of delicious Rabbit Island
honey.

First things first, a glass of wine for himself. He hadn't had much to drink at
the barbecue and swore that jessica had somehow managed to drink more that he
did even though only drinking what he offered to her lips!

He sat on the floor alongside jessica's neatly pinioned body. No more wine for
her tonight, but perhaps an ice cube on the nipples might be refreshing. Taking
two ice cubes from the wine's ice-bucket he carefully held one on top of each of
her nipples. After the initial shock at its coolness it appeared to please her
more and her prominent nipples expanded to their lovely full ripeness. Master
Alex was impressed that her nips had become accustomed to their piercings very
quickly. The bells suited jessica so perfectly that he questioned whether they
should ever be removed. Jessica's indented navel became a receptacle for an ice
cube. She had been a well behaved bunny so far, remaining dutifully silent
despite being ungagged; but the next move would test her further.

Alex reached for one of several natural bees-wax candles that had been lit by
Erik earlier. He up-ended it so that the flame would melt the wax. The splash of
hot wax scored a direct hit on jessica's left nipple.

Jessica let out an  "Aghhhh!" when she realised the touch was hot instead of
ice-cold. The burning cooled within seconds. She was instantly 'shushed' by her
still unknown male tormentor. She held her silence as further drops fell onto
her right nipple. More drops of wax fell on each nipple until each was encased
and gripped by the solidified wax. Meanwhile debbie's fingers were expertly
delving into jessica's moist and yielding labia.

Only after hot waxing her nipples did Master Alex decide to gag jessica. Using
what he had to hand, he stuffed her mouth with the silk belt from his dressing
gown he wore. If this improvised gag was designed to worry her, it worked.

Master Alex continued  by carefully dripping wax 'shirt buttons' down the centre
line of jessica's naked torso, while Debbie had coaxed out jessica engorged
clitoris into prominent view. Jessica could sense where things were leading and
visibly tensed up as she felt the next drop of wax hit below her navel. Two more
wax buttons followed, leading to the very top edge of her pussy. She shook her
head rapidly from side to side, started breathing rapidly, while her hands
tensed against the leather straps. The next drop of hot wax would surely land on
her exposed clitoris.

For a while there was nothing but silence as Master Alex and Debbie kept quiet,
just a half a minute pause to increase the tension further.

Finally jessica felt it hit, and cried out violently into the gag, hopelessly
struggling within the sturdy iron horseshoe. She could feel the heat on her
clitoris turn rapidly to an intense chill...as if an ice cube were being rubbed
against it. Even the stuffing in jessica's mouth could not totally muffle the
word 'Bastard!'.

A comforting and familiar stroke of a hand in her hair confirmed Master Alex's
identity to her. Her soft sobbing was in gentle unison with the tingling of her
nipple bells as chest rose and fell quickly. Master Alex smiled down at the
blindfolded and gagged jessica; her resistance was gone... at least for tonight.

After picking off the wax from jessica's nipples with his fingernails, the next
sensation was altogether different. The thick liquid honey soon spilt from the
nipples and down her breasts. Master Alex very much liked the taste of honey,
particularly when served on a delectable females nipples. After enjoying the
thorough licking of her nipples, jessica felt Master Alex's lips against her
own. That was how she received her first taste of delicious Rabbit Island honey.

The Master looked over at debbie, his ballgagged accomplice, still kneeling at
jessica's crossed ankles, as she finally removed the ice-cube from against
jessica's clit. Debbie's eyes pleaded with him to remove her gag.

Debbie still had jessica's erect clitoris pinched between her fingertips and was
ready to finish her off with her tongue. Master Alex relented, exasperated at
why ponygirls have such expressive pityable eyes. He removed debbie's gag and
watched with a smile as her tongue went to work on the surrendered jessica. Alex
sat back on the bed with his glass of wine, marvelling at debbie's oral
dexterity as she brought jessica to repeated orgasms. "What do they need men for
anyway, except to keep them tightly tied up!", Alex thought to himself
enviously.

He decided to throw in the towel, literally. The small towel landed exactly on
the scene of jessica's pleasure. Debbie used her mouth and chin to dry jessica's
sopping wet pussy with the towel while simultaneously wiping her own face clean
of jessica's juices.

Judging by jessica's contented groans, Alex felt she'd been suitably paid off
and was looking forward to giving Debbie a good screw. Standing up? On the
floor? On the bed? It was a difficult decision. He decided to use the soft warm
cushion on the rug: jessica! After restoring debbie's ballgag to its rightful
place, he helped her to turn around and lean fully back on top of jessica so
that her head was resting between jessica's breasts.

Debbie's hands although still chained together in front of her would still need
to be attached to something, and a convenient securing point was the D ring at
the front of jessica's collar. Her similarly chained ankles also needed an
anchor point: and what better than the thick strap around jessica's ankles! It
left her knees bent, splayed open and upwards, leaving her vagina invitingly
angled for Master Alex. Debbie moaned contentedly behind her ballgag. She'd
never had another woman as a mattress before. It was quite comfortable!

The blindfolded jessica had begun to understand what was happening with debbie's
wrists were chained to her collar. She figured correctly that debbie was chained
face up on top of her as she could feel the buckle from Debbie's ballgag strap
digging into her chest. Like any other woman jessica was very familiar with the
feeling of the weight of another person lying on them, yet this was a totally
new variation! Jessica had still neither seen nor spoken properly to this woman,
but having recently been on the receiving end of Debbie's oral skills to the
tune of four orgasms she did not begrudge anything to this body.

Master Alex looked down at the two females sensuously joined together, debbie
gagged, jessica blindfolded. He knelt down in front of debbie's cunt lips and
his teeth bit down on the loose end of the ribbon that erotically laced up her
labia rings. Lifting his head slowly, the ribbon started to untie itself. Debbie
stared at her seducer intently, praying that nothing would hinder the progress
of Alex's lovemaking with her. The very process of untying the ribbon did
incredible thing to her.  As his fingers unthreaded the last of the ribbon from
her labia rings her heat and wetness seemed to be inviting him in. His hard cock
needed no further invitation as it pushed fully inside her. Leaning forward on
top of her warm, perspiring body, he threaded the index fingers of his hands
fully through her nipple rings, rubbing softly against the engorged nipples as
they went. When the nipple rings were at the base of his fingers his hands
formed a perfect cup for her soft and heaving breasts. His hands stayed that way
while his penis pumped vigorously within her. After an energetic, yet all too
brief couple of minutes he expelled his pent-up load high up into her cunt, then
watched the lovely contortions of Debbie's face as she reached her own
long-awaited orgasm. He enjoyed the gentle singing moans she made behind her
ballgag whenever they made love.

Alex collapsed on top of her soft body, but kept his ever-wilting cock within
her, while his fingers were still 'wearing' her nipple rings and firmly gripping
her breasts. A gentle rocking motion of their two bodies was enough to coax a
second orgasm from her.

He had almost forgotten about poor jessica bearing the weight of both of them.
Raising himself up a little, which meant his hands pushing down on debbie's
chest he noticed a rather contented smile on jessica's face. Could it be she'd
managed another little orgasm of her own? It looked like he may have just given
'two for the price of one'!

Finally extricating himself from his sexy double-girl arrangement he sat back in
a chair with his glass of wine to watch them cool down. They were initially a
picture of post-coital contentment, but he waited to observe them with pleasure
as they inevitably became irritated by their predicament. It never happened!
Jessica seemed to have accepted debbie's body as her 'blanket' for the night,
while debbie thought of jessica as her mattress.

Alex could have left them that way but he seldom slept without a woman in his
bed. He would not permit debbie to sleep happily bound to another woman while he
slept alone!

Ten minutes later after Alex had released debbie and taken into the shower with
him, they were together in his bed. In common with most people, Master Alex
liked his familiar comforts at bedtime. A warm, soft and naked female body tied
up next to him was his preference. Debbie's hands and feet were bound with soft
white rope and attached to the iron rails at respective ends of the bed. There
was enough slack for her hands to pull down and touch her own face but no more.

Although any master would consider chains to be more secure, Master Alex found
their clinking noise of chains disturbed his sleep if his bunny was restless.
Debbie also liked to sleep in ropes compared the chains and cuffs that she
usually slept in. Chains were just clicked on, leather cuffs strapped on, but
good rope binding was an art unique to each master.

Meanwhile, jessica stayed fixed to the horseshoe and still wearing the
blindfold. Alex decided to use one of the optional extras that came with the
horseshoe: The 'popsicle' (lollypop) was just the thing to keep her company for
the night. It was a large dildo on a thin steel bar that visually resembled its
namesake! After tenderly inserting the dildo into jessica's warm and receptive
pussy, the bottom of the stick was attached to her strapped crossed ankles just
six inches away from it. He adjusted the length of the bar so that the dildo was
pushed further into her; jessica squirmed delightfully as she absorbed its fully
length.

He gazed down at jessica and sensed from her face that he'd rigged her up
satisfactorily. "Ok, bunny jessica, that should keep you company tonight. Keep
the noise down or you'll be punished." She appeared to smile coyly at this
threat. He knew from experience that a bunny would enjoy moving her body up and
down the dildo to the extent her bonds would allow.

***

In the middle of the night, while 'spooned' against debbie's back, Master Alex
was not surprised to find his penis erect and pushing against debbie's firm ass
cheeks. There was no good reason to deny himself a nice dreamy screw, and he
always tied his bunny's ankles to the foot of the bed with separate cords ready
for such occurrences.

He whispered into the bunny's ear. "debbie, lift up your left leg". She obliged
automatically, enabling him to reach forward between her open thighs to feel her
labia rings with his fingers.

"Mmmm, that feels nice, Master", debbie whispered. "Would you like your slave to
turn over for you". (She loved to kiss him, so was hoping for a face to face
position.)

"No, it's okay, debbie. I'll rape you just as you, thank you", he whispered in
her ear and kissing her,. She giggled softly at his joke. She'd been raped many
times before, but despite the ever-present bonds in their encounters, had never
felt that Master Alex had done so.

His fingers found her sex increasingly moist and ready to receive his erection
and soon after she felt herself slowly impaled by its full length. Before
commencing his pump action, he added to their spooned union by slipping his
right hand under the pillow and in front of her face. She hungrily took two of
his fingers deep in her month while his left hand reached over her body and its
finger found it's familiar place through the right nipple ring. His lips found a
nice erogenous spot on the side her neck. Some time later his urge had been
satisfied, debbie's ultimate satisfaction was not his concern, she'd already had
more orgasms than him that night!

As debbie enjoyed his continued embracing, the couple were both aware of a
gentle rhythmic moaning noise coming from the horseshoe'd jessica on the rug at
the foot of the bed: She was gently pumping herself on the dildo 'popsicle'
fixed into her cunt. By clenching her buttock muscles and pushing her bent legs
away from her, she achieved a barely adequate rocking action as she went in
search of some relief. Master Alex and debbie listened in silent amusement as
jessica fought to stifle her own noise as she delicately brought herself to yet
another orgasm.

In the darkness of the bedroom, Master Alex smiled to himself and soon he fell
back into a contented sleep.

end of chapter 17
to be continued...jessica in hog-heaven...ponygirls open day...the auction

2nd August 2002 - Author's note
This story is still being written (nearly finished!) Please take a moment to let
others know whether you enjoyed it or not by rating and reviewing it at
BDSMLibrary.

If you have any specific ideas or comments, feel free to send me an email.
Aurelius




18. Breakfast in bed. Jessica caught with her mouth full.
(Rabbit Island by Aurelius, c. 2002)

The phone rang quietly in Master Alex's bedroom the following morning; it was
just seven o'clock. Erik was calling to remind him that the ponygirls needed to
be prepared as they had a busy day ahead of them. Debbie still slept peacefully
alongside him and Master Alex gently kissed her awake.

"Good morning, Master", debbie said with sensual sleepy croak. He knew she was
merely a ponygirl, but Master Alex found her one of the nicest souls to be
cuddled up in bed with; but now duty called, and he had to untie her from the
bed and send her away.

Reluctantly Master Alex made debbie turn over on her belly and pulled the canvas
'transition hood' over her head. It would be hypocritical for him not to use the
hood while insisting that the handlers always did so. Once the collar of the
hood was locked around her neck, he carefully untied the white rope that fixed
her hands together at the top of the bed. Within moments he had her wrists
behind her back held together by the all-too-familiar steel handcuffs.

Sitting astride debbie's face-down body he removed the canvas hood; and while he
ran his fingers through her lustrous dark hair to straighten out the wayward
strands, debbie's fingers had found the closest thing to her hands - his
semi-erect cock. Her meddling hands received a light smack to inform her that
their games had sadly now finished - although the morning erection of his cock
still hoped otherwise!

Master Alex untied the bindings that secured her ankles to the bed. Just like
her wrists, they had six strongly indented lines from the rope. These marks
would serve as a bittersweet reminder for debbie of their lovemaking for the
next few hours.

Moments later, he had the sturdy and shapely figure of ponygirl debbie stood by
the door: Naked, hands cuffed behind her back, and wearing the neat snug-fitting
Velcro-strapped blindfold that was the standard issue on Rabbit Island. Not a
word or a look had passed between them, he knew that made it easier for her.

While Master Alex took care of nature in the en-suite bathroom, the door to his
room opened, and a man's firm hand pulled the ponygirl from his room. The
blindfolded debbie could feel a chrome-linked chain (like a dog leash) clipped
to each of her nipple rings. The chain tugged and she was obliged to walk along
in darkness following the pulling on her nipples. The chain was attached to the
cuffed hands of similarly fixed ponygirl in front of her. Moving down the
corridor ponygirl debbie soon felt something attached to her own cuffed hands
and knew that a another ponygirl's nipples were at the end of that chain.

Erik, as efficient as ever, had collected the four ponygirls from various suites
in the Lodge and led them in a chained line to return to their quarters. With
the pussygirls all on bedroom duties he and Carole had a lot of work to do with
the eight ponygirls.

When Master Alex emerged from the bathroom he found that debbie had been
replaced with the morning newspapers laying on the marble floor. These were not
real newspapers, but a photocopied digest of news articles from the internet
sites of the NYT, IHT, CNN, BBC, etc. All the guests were offered similar
materials to help keep the news addicts happy on an island without television.

***

Master Alex had a leisurely two hours before attending to social duties and had
just the thing to keep jessica occupied while he caught up on world affairs.

"Good morning, jessica", he said breezily to the bunny on the floor, still
securely strapped within the horseshoe and skewered by its dildo attachment.  He
marvelled again at her body, still speckled with wax from the previous night's
amusements.

After deliberating for a few moments she replied. "Good morning, Master".

He already had the transition hood in his hand so jessica knew she would soon be
freed from the horseshoe. Once the five straps of the horseshoe were unbuckled
and the dildo removed Master Alex helped jessica to her feet.

Without the aid of sight she could offer no resistance as Master Alex brought
her wrists behind her back and tied them neatly together with a small piece of
rope. The hood was removed straight away.

Master Alex inspected her bruised face causing her to flinch in pain as his
finger touched a dark blue area.

"How is it?" Jessica asked, figuring correctly that she had an ugly bruise.

"It's not too bad. Just some swelling and a bit of colour." Master Alex was
quick to reassure her. He felt responsible that he wasn't there when she was
attacked. "It could have been a lot worse."

After giving her a couple of aspirin and a glass of water he started to question
her. As a psychologist, he liked to be fully aware of each bunny's personality,
her fears and desires, her needs! He was beginning to make his conclusions about
her. Sitting down on the bed, he looked up at jessica who remained standing.

She tested the ropes that held her wrists, feeling annoyed at herself for how
easily she could be moved from one position to another without offering the
slightest resistance. Now she stood with her hands secured tied with just a tiny
piece of cord.

"Jessica, how would you like to spend your time on Rabbit Island?"  he asked
with a smile, interested to hear how she might answer. "Pedro reckons you have
the potential to become a milkmaid and therefore remain a pearl bunny. The
orchard needs an extra worker if you would prefer a active routine, or perhaps
you could become a ponygirl?"

His suggestions were met with incredulity and anger. "Master Alex! I haven't yet
forgotten that I'm a prisoner here! I was kidnapped and brought here against my
will."

She paced the room in an impotent rage.

"You make it sound like I have career choices here! They keep me naked and in
chains, eating with my face in a trough. I'm tied up, whipped and raped, kept in
a cage, hunted like a wild animal, and when I finally get dressed, I look like a
tawdry slave girl with these ridiculous bells pierced through my nipples".
Jessica gave her breasts an angry ironic shake to illustrate the point. There
was a fire burning in her eyes, which was just what Master Alex hoped to see.

She was looking for something to kick, and moments later her foot sent a small
cushioned footstool hurtling across the room smashing into the far wall. It
wasn't the first time in her life that the fiery jessica had rearranged the
furniture in this manner!

Master Alex leapt up and had her in a bear hug before she could kick out again.
As he tightly embraced her, they tumbled together onto the bed, with jessica
pinned beneath his body. He was taking care not to cause her bruised face any
further pain.

"You fucking bastard, you can't keep me here like this", she yelled, crying with
rage from her prone position on the bed beneath him. Moments later the
transition hood was back on her head and she was again subdued within its
darkness.

Master Alex had been hoping for a civilised conversation with jessica while
fixing her with a 'deluxe' rope hog-tie, but the little tantrum had ruined his
plans. Instead he just tied her ankles together and tugged them back so he could
attach them closely to her wrists, in what he called a 'basic' hog-tie. Sitting
on the bed next to her, he watched quietly as she used the privacy of the hood
as a chance to let some tears flow.

When she was finally cried-out he removed her hood to find her dark exotic eye
make-up had been completely ruined. He'd heard quite enough from her that
morning so placed a wide strip of surgical tape over her mouth. He lifted
jessica into the kneeling position on the bed that her basic hog-tie permitted.
This was a more suitable pose for a bunny to receive the upcoming lecture.

"Would you like to spend another week in the cells?" he asked. "I can pick up
this phone and five minutes from now you could become reacquainted with some of
your least favourite torments."

As he lifted the telephone's handset from the cradle jessica suddenly became
wide-eyed with fright and shook her head frantically.

"So you are going to listen to me this time?"

She nodded slowly and Master Alex replaced the handset.

Taking one of her nipple rings between his fingers, Master Alex made to unhook
it from her nipple. They weren't actually complete rings, just hooks that went
through the nipple that could be attached or removed in a second. Jessica shook
her head immediately to convey to him that she wanted to keep wearing them.

 "You want to keep your bells?", he double-checked with her.

Her nod was definite, and she wiggled her breasts to make the bells ring out
just to make her point. Her sexy little shimmy made Master Alex smile. Jessica
was aware that the nipple bells somehow signified her recent 'privileged' status
and had grown accustomed to feel and gentle sound of them.

"Sorry, but it's not permitted for bunnies to have breast piercings" he informed
her with an affected sympathy. "But maybe we can make an exception this once."

Master Alex knew that jessica's acceptance of something that was initialled
forced on her was a significant step. She had started to build her 'captive
life' by wanting to acquire simple possessions and rights. He decided to leave
the bells for the time being. Jessica was an intelligent college educated young
lady but she hadn't realised that in requesting and being allowed to keep the
bells, she had just given away much more than she had retained.

If only she had read Master Alex's best-selling book "How to Resist the
Stockholm Syndrome" she might have acted differently. That book had helped
countless thousands of 'battered wives' to liberate themselves.

"Bunny jessica, look at me", Master Alex said calmly, while looking into her
eyes. She reluctantly looked up at him with her blackened tear-stained eyes.
"Your little tantrum was understandable. It's true, you have become a prisoner
and a slave on this island. You're annoyed that you haven't done enough to
escape from here or shown enough resistance to your captors. Yet if you had
shown any more resistance over the last week you'd be back in our cells by now."

Jessica shivered at the prospect of being back in the cells and a horrible
flashback to her time in the 'standing cage' passed through her mind.

He continued his monologue as jessica remained kneeling in her 'basic' hog-tie
on the bed: "It remains your prerogative to resist us and try to escape whenever
you can, because your imprisonment together with your desire to escape is
actually the very essence of Rabbit Island. You already know that your
resistance will meet with punishment, and the Masters on this island enjoy
delivering those punishments."

"That's the first choice you must make: How much punishment do you want to
receive? The masters don't mind if you misbehave because it means they can
punish you more. Did you know that some of the bunnies actually enjoy being
whipped? A day without a whipping is like a day without sunshine for bunny sumi!

"Some bunnies even enjoy being tied up by their masters. And can you believe
that some of the bunnies are actually rather in love with some of the masters?
And a few of them even derive satisfaction from being harnessed to a cart and
made to trot like a pony. Yet they still remain unwilling prisoners on this
island, and they still hope to be free one day."

"I'm sure a young lady like you has never set foot in a state penitentiary, so
you would be surprised at the variety of activities, lifestyles and
relationships that exist in a prison. Convicts spend their time playing sports,
reading, socialising, taking drugs and generally try to enjoy their life as best
they can until their sentence is served."

Jessica's tape gag prevented her from asking the obvious question!

"You want to know how long your sentence is?" he asked, and jessica nodded in
confirmation. "Well.....you don't have fixed sentence, although we will keep you
on the island for at least six months. After that, you will be retained for as
long as it pleases your Masters. Eventually you will be sold or disposed of.

"Of course, that's assuming you don't escape before then!", he added with a
little laugh at her expense.

It was beginning to make sense to her. She shouldn't feel guilty just because
Master Alex or anybody else had played with her and caused her to orgasm! If she
was bound up in some manner and there was no chance of escape, why did it matter
if she enjoyed some sexy moments along the way? She knew it was simply in her
submissive nature to be aroused by some of the treatment she received. It was
nothing to be ashamed of, particularly on Rabbit Island.  Fighting against it
would surely mean losing battles time after time.

With that logic in place, and in gratitude for allowing her to keep the nipple
bells, she resigned herself to submitting to Master Alex, at least on this
occasion; but with the promise to herself that she would always try to escape
whenever an opportunity arose!

With that conclusion Master Alex set to work on her with a pile of silky white
ropes.

***

At eight o'clock the was a knock on the door and pussy anna entered the bedroom
suite with Master Alex's morning tea tray. The elegant blonde was looking as
lovely as ever in her white corset-style dress with the ankle length skirt.
Master Alex was sat up in bed in his dressing gown, reading the day's internet
news printouts. Neatly nestled between his thighs lay jessica, in what he called
a 'deluxe' hog-tie. Wrists, elbows, shoulders, breasts, waist, crotch, ankles
and knees, all immaculately bound with soft white rope.

Pussy anna put the tea tray one the table beside the bed and inspected the
Master's latest 'bed-bunny'. Jessica's face went red with shame when she
realised someone was inspecting her while tied in the lowliest, most submissive
position she could imagine.

"Nice ropework, Master Alex, she looks quite at home down there." Pussy anna was
not surprised to see that strapped on jessica's head was a harnessed ring-gag
and had Master Alex's cock stuffed in her mouth. She had been in that same
position many times before.

A leather cord had been wrapped around the base of his cock and balls and tied
off to the straps at either side of jessica's ring-gag. In effect, she was
attached to her Master by his cock in her mouth. Jessica wasn't required to suck
him off, in fact, her face was tied onto his cock with so little available
movement that it simple wasn't possible for her to make the necessary 'bobbing'
action.

"Let's see if she's ticklish", said pussy anna with a mischievous smile. Her
fingers were soon driving jessica's naked hog-tied body crazy, and causing
Master Alex to worry about resulting wild tugging on his genitals. Master Alex
had to make the pussy desist with her torments, much to jessica's relief as well
as his own.

After pussy anna departed, Master Alex poured himself a cup of tea from the pot
and resumed his reading. Jessica had become used to the feel and taste of Master
Alex's cock filling her mouth, and while he continued to read the papers she
spent her time controlling and experimenting with the variable-sized erection.
At one point she nearly choked on it while trying to get her lips to touch his
balls.

Master Alex stroked her hair tenderly, very satisfied with jessica's new-found
compliance. It enabled him to place her in the most complete and tightest
hog-tie she had ever known. Looking down at her body and the neat ropes and
knots at her elbows, wrists and ankles he had to admit that, thanks to her
cooperation, he'd made a damn fine job of her.

For her part, jessica had found the process of allowing herself to become
properly tied up to be more intimate and enjoyable than she expected. She had
watched with interest as the Master took his time to ensure that each rope was
wrapped about her and pulled to a tightness that was strict yet did not pinch or
constrict her circulation.

Master Alex liked the way jessica's face was dissected by the thin black harness
straps either side of her nose, together with the strap that went over the top
of her head that he felt every time he stroked her hair. Making eye contact with
jessica, he noticed a stillness in her eyes that he hadn't seen previously. She
closed her eyes and gave his cock some more attention with her tongue. Master
Alex picked up the papers and continued reading.

"Now, where were we, jessica? Oh yes! The baseball conference playoffs. Did I
finish reading out the Western Conference scores yet?"

They could both sense that this wasn't going to be the only time they would
spend the morning bound to each other in that fashion.

end of chapter 18




19. Fresh milk for breakfast. A romantic pony ride.
(Rabbit Island, by Aurelius c. 2002)

The Lodge's restaurant was in the midst of the buffet breakfast service when
Master Alex arrived. He was feeling great after having jessica suckling him
while she lay hogtied between his legs for the last couple of hours.

The morning-after-the-night-before displayed the usual assortment of highly
contented faces tucking into their breakfast. That was good news for Master Alex
as the guests had travelled a long way and a paid a lot of money to be there.

It's not often that you can be introduced to the source of the milk in your
coffee. But in the Rabbit Island restaurant, three of the milkmaids and Pedro,
the expert milkman, were on hand to give demonstrations and answer the
questions.

The milkmaids rachel, maria, and sonya were in their usual milking position:
Seated directly onto low polished wood platform with the ankles bound by a
single leather strap to form a tight triangle between the legs. Each had her
hands in cuffs secured to a post that rose up behind her. For the sake of the
demonstration Pedro was only working with one milkmaid at a time, so the milking
process could be demonstrated to the later arrivals.

Rachel, the tall blonde Texan, was being milked by Pedro's machine when Master
Alex wandered over. A steady flow of milk in the tubes was running from her
breasts to the glass receptacle that nestled against her sex. She had her usual
contented expression that she wears when being milked. Maria and sonya sat
nervously in their restraints, with their nipples still 'capped' by the security
devices. They  knew their turn would come, and both were anxious that they might
not flow with the same ease as rachel always did. Maria feared how it would seem
if she could not produce her milk while the guests were watching. She felt
flushed with embarrassment and shame knowing that the onlookers saw her as
nothing more than a pair a milk-producing breasts. Of course they enjoyed her
sense of lowly humiliation and subjugation as much as the milk she produced.

As rachel was finishing her yield, Pedro started to prepare maria, while
explaining the process to an interested husband and wife. The wife was Emma, the
lady that had come to jessica's aid at the barbecue. Emma's husband was as tall
and handsome as a film star. They had a slave girl at home and were considering
turning her into a 'milker', hence their interest in the technicalities..

"On the island we have to protect our milkmaids from having their milk stolen,
so we fit these little gold plated caps onto their nipples." Pedro explained.
"As you can see there is a little wire that runs through the nipple and each
side of the cap. We twist the ends together and crimp on the little clip that
you see under the nipple. It's the same method as your utilities company uses to
check their meters are not tampered with. If we didn't protect the nipples, the
bunnies would drink each other's milk!"

He was absolutely right, because that was what happened before they started
using the nipple-capping solution.

"Doesn't the milk leak out of the piercing holes?", asked the fascinated Emma. A
very good question.

"No. The wire is very fine and doesn't pass through a milk ducts. If it did, I
would just allow the piercing to close naturally and make a new one."

"And how often do you milk them?"

"Here on the island we do it once a day in the mornings, but you could do it
more often or leave them unmilked for a few days. It's a bit like sex really."
He was surprised that he made Emma blush rather prettily. He couldn't tell that
beneath Emma's tight slacks she had been wearing an orgasm-denying chastity belt
for the last three weeks!

"I notice that their breasts are not too large. Do they get bigger over time? I
really don't want my slave to have big droopy tits." Emma's face pulled an
expression of mild disgust. "I want my slavegirl to have bigger tits but nothing
gross!"

"Don't worry Madame, it's all controlled by a hormone regime. By modifying the
doses you can gradually enlarge the milk glands of the breasts to the size you
want." Pedro reassured her with an air or authority. "We keep them at a normal
size here because the bunnies have to perform other duties besides milking. Your
slave girl's tits can be as productive and look as good as these if you follow
the regime correctly."

Pedro clipped the wire that was threaded through maria's nipple and handed Emma
the nipple cap to examine. It resembled a very small metal sombrero. He cleaned
off maria's nipples to ensure they were sterile and then set about attaching the
breast suction pumps to them. As soon as he started the little electric pump
maria felt the reassuring tug on her nipples as they were gripped and pulled by
the suction within the flange. After a little manual intervention from Pedro,
maria was happy to feel the milk flowing from her breasts. She was confused at
how she could feel so humiliated and yet feel a sense of pride about her
physical capability, which the women visitors secretly envied and men openly
lusted after.

Once Pedro had maria contentedly flowing, he unhooked rachel's milking equipment
and cleaned her up. He took the container of her fresh milk from between her
legs and poured out samples into little plastic cups. The handful of people in
his audience tasted and approved, although they found it warmer and richer that
they were used to. It tasted all the more sweeter knowing it came from such a
lovely milkmaid.

***

When Master Alex strolled outside into the morning sunshine after breakfast he
could see the front lawns busy with activity. All four ponygirl pairs were
giving rides to visitors along a five minute circular route through the grounds.
The visitors were delighted and surprised that they could be efficiently pulled
along by the ponygirls. Many of the guests might have dabbled with ponygirls at
their homes, but they usually had no idea of the strength and speed attainable
by fit, properly trained ponygirls.

Today the ponygirls were dressed to impress! Their normal robust-but-comfortable
working harnesses had been replaced by a tight leather waspy corset that laced
up the back so that little triangles of naked flesh could be seen between the
lacing. A thick leather belt emphasised the difference between the pony's narrow
waist and strong hips and thighs. They wore fishnet stockings which attached to
the corset with garters at the front and sides. A full height leather 'choker'
collar was also fitted. It was made of the same leather as the corset and laced
at the back in the same way. The combination of matching corset and collar was a
delightful look particularly when the ponygirl had a slim waist and neck.

The ponygirls were wearing their show-bridles today. The shiny patent-leather
black straps fitting neatly around the head would make any pony's face look
gorgeous particularly with their faces nicely made up to emphasize the ponygirls
expressive eyes and luscious red lips. This bridle held a proper steel bit
between the teeth although it was covered by a clear rubber tube to prevent the
metal damaging the teeth. Although the ponygirls didn't like the bit because it
dug into the sides of the lips, it was great for showing off their perfect white
teeth, and visitors loved to see the ponies fitted out in this manner.

On normal working days the ponygirls were required to plait their hair and pin
it at the top of the head so it was concealed beneath the head harness, but on a
show day each pony had a chance to show off her beauty with a long plaited braid
based at the top of her head which dangling down her back. A colourful silk
carnation was tied to the end of the braid which matched the two clipped onto
her nipple rings. It gave a colourful contrast to the black straps of the rest
of the harness and bridle. When the pony was trotting, the onlooker could see
the carnations jiggling around happily in response to her movements.

The final essential item for a pony on a show day was, of course, a tail: The
foot-long tail, made of real pony tail hair, was attached to the end of the butt
plug up the pony's anus. A narrow strap running from the front to the back of
the corset between her legs protected against an embarrassing expulsion of the
plug.

Master Alex noticed a pony pair standing harnessed to their trap with their
backs to him, and knew instantly it was Frank's ponies: debbie and linda. He
could see somebody standing in front of them and causing linda some distress.
Walking over to check that everything was in order he found Mistress Emma
standing talking to the ponygirls.

Emma was 'correctly' attired for riding with shiny black boots, beige jodhpurs,
a tight-fitting red jacket with a white silk turtle neck sweater beneath it. A
blonde plaited ponytail emerged from below her riding hat.

Mistress Emma had managed  to agitate ponygirl linda into a state of some
arousal. Emma was a very pretty woman, thirty years of age, that had great
experience whilst retaining the looks of a cute teenage girl, and she knew how
to tease and arouse a bound slave (male or female) like no other Master Alex had
ever met.

"That's enough now Mistress Emma, you're driving the ponygirl crazy." Master
Alex noticed linda's limpid eyes pleading with him. "These are very sensitive
animals you know!"

Mistress Emma looked at him with her innocent expression. "Good morning Master
Alex. I was just being friendly to the ponies! By the way, you look very sexy
this morning Master Alex."

He was dressed in a dark green polo shirt with beige rider's breeches tucked
into his black boots which seemed to suit his lean frame perfectly. He
appreciated her compliment.

"Thank you, Emma. You're looking pretty good yourself." Master Alex had another
worry: "Have you seen Frank lately?"

Emma suddenly became more serious, and took him to one side several yards away
from the ponygirls.

"A woman wearing a leather suit come over to Frank just as he was about to take
me for a ride and she started asking him a lot of questions. I think she is
planning to make a bid for a pony at the auction today. Frank went away with her
to discuss things in private."

She started to whisper to Master Alex, making sure the ponies didn't hear her.
"I don't like that woman. Can you believe that she asked Frank if he had thought
of amputating a ponygirl's arms and removing teeth so the bridle bit fitted
better?"

"Oh, she's just fooling around", Alex explained with a laugh. "You don't really
think anybody could do such a thing?"

Master Alex knew the Madame Cavallo ran a stricter regime than on Rabbit Island
but she was an important member of their organisation. The woman had a growing
reputation. Growing in the sense of her increasing strictness with her
non-consensual slaves.

"Ok, Emma. Why don't you wait here with the ponygirls. I'll go and find Frank.
If he's busy I'll take you out with the ponies myself....And for god's sake
leave the ponies in peace while I'm gone!" Master Alex walked purposefully
towards a wooden picnic table when he expected to find Frank and Madame Cavallo.

"Yippee!" Emma said excitedly to herself. It looked like she would get to spend
some private time with her old friend Master Alex. She went straight over to
stand in front of the ponygirls again. This time debbie would be the target of
her affections.

"Hello ponygirl debbie", she said teasingly, looking up into debbie's eyes. The
ponygirls were well over six feet tall in their boots so were both towering over
the petite Emma. That size difference just added to Emma's excitement: Knowing
that she had power over people much bigger than she was. She looped a finger
behind the reins attached to debbie's nipple rings and pulled so that the nipple
stretched out.

"Oooh, these are nice! You have such big nipples debbie. I just have to see what
they look like fully erect." She applied some very seductive licking to each of
debbie's pierced and harnessed nipples while gently squeezed the breasts.
Although debbie's face remained impassively staring straight ahead, like a
soldier at attention, she knew it was more than just her nipples were responding
to Emma's deft touch. "That feels good doesn't it. I can tell you like that.
Such beautiful nips! Would you like me to suck them?"

Ponygirl debbie knew better than to converse with humans; not even a nod or
shake of the head was permitted. Emma, however, took debbie's lack of response
as a 'yes', and sucked each of debbie's nipples for a brief time. As Emma's
saliva evaporated from the nipples in the warm sunshine debbie felt Emma's
fingers playing with her labia rings and the leather reins that were threaded
through them.

"Oh, you poor thing. Look at what they've done to your cunt lips with all these
rings and straps." Let me see if I can give you a little relief." Emma dug her
finger underneath the reins going through debbie's labia rings, provoking an
involuntarily response from the pony. When the fingers found her clit, debbie
feared she was about lose her balance as little shivers of pleasure went through
her.

"Good pony. Feels nice huh? I bet I could make you cum in a couple of minutes.
Would you like me to do that?" Emma had a way of talking that could make anybody
wilt under her spell and ponygirl debbie was struggling in her resistance.

Poor ponygirl debbie didn't know what to do. She knew she was not to answer a
human question and her Masters would never put her in this position. Eventually
debbie realised she had no choice but to whinny as loud as she could. Emma
panicked at the unpleasant sound coming from behind the ponygirl's bit and
lashed out at debbie with her riding crop to shut her up, but that only made
things worse.

Master Alex was soon running back on the scene to comfort the ponygirls. Emma
had reverted to her 'sweet little girl' pose. "I was just petting her and she
started to go mad!", she explained innocently.

"I told you to leave the ponies alone. Now give me your riding crop." He was not
amused by Emma's disobedience.

She timidly handed it over and Master Alex immediately applied it several times
on her own rump. That pleased linda and debbie! It also pleased Emma, and
reminded her of the old days before she became a Mistress.

"Let's go", Alex said, offering her his hand as she stepped onto the trap. He
jumped up onto the narrow padded seat next her and felt Emma wiggle her ass
playfully beside his. The shafts were set to a seven foot length to give a
smooth ride for ponygirls and passengers alike.

With a tug on the reins the ponygirls started walking until they left the parade
area. Another tug, and they changed to a slow trot and soon left the grounds of
the Lodge behind. He knew that these ponygirls were the fastest pair on the
island and were ready to step up their pace whenever required. Removing the
horsewhip from its holder he planted a light switch each of their ass cheeks.
Emma smiled broadly as she felt their pace increasing and the sea breeze blow
gently through her hair. The ride was surprisingly smooth, with the harmonious
sound of the sleigh-bells on pony boots providing a pleasing rhythm to the
journey. Master Alex enjoyed the thought that if there is one thing nicer than
riding on a ponygirl trap, it is doing so knowing that one of those ponygirls
was in your bed just hours before! Debbie behaved so differently in her
ponyboots, leather corset and harnessing, yet her shapely rear view was
unmistakable.

Both Alex and Emma were transfixed by sight of the ponygirls ahead of them. The
bridle straps with exotic plumes atop, the ponygirls' own long hair dangling in
a thick plait. Her arms neatly strapped 'out of the way' behind her. The
waist-cinching leather corset and that tail protruding from the butt plug! Yet
none of it seemed to impede the ponies' performance.

With another sharp crack of the whip, one that brought an audible yelp from the
ponygirls, the pace increased to a fast trot suited to the flat stretch of track
they were now on. When there were larger distances to cover this was the speed
that was demanded from the ponies.They could be expected to maintain that pace
for up to half an hour at a time.

After ten minutes when they reached an established viewpoint area that
overlooked the ocean. The riders dismounted, and while Emma absorbed the
splendid view, Master Alex attended to the ponygirls.

Like a diligent pony driver, Master Alex checked the ponies' for harness chafing
and general tightness whilst enjoying the sight of their pulsating,
heavy-breathing bodies as they recovered from their exertions.  He also looked
into the ponygirls' eyes as they gave a good indicator to their condition. A
ponygirl should always have a steady straight-ahead stare with regular blinking,
even after an energetic run.

Looking into ponygirl debbie's eyes he saw only the merest hint of the woman
that he slept with. He could easily have kissed and caressed her, or said a few
words to her, but that was considered disrespectful to the ponygirl and would
interfere with their pony thoughts. That was why the regular pony drivers were
expressly forbidden sexual contact with ponies.

Master Alex looked over to see Emma staring out blissfully at the calm turquoise
sea. Could she really be the same pathetic drug-addicted girl he had kidnapped
from a Bangkok brothel five years ago?

Emma and her boyfriend had gone to Thailand on a backpacking trip. Both of them
were already regular drug users but she wasn't aware of his dealing activities
and connections. She had become addicted to heroin by the time he fell into big
trouble on a drugs deal. A deal was struck: He would repay the money he owed,
and they would keep Emma until he did so. The bastard never returned to
Thailand! Mercifully, Emma was kept so strung out on drugs that she couldn't
remember much of what happened during her three years with a long chain
connecting her left ankle to the bedroom wall.

The kidnapping had been a big risk, one that Master Alex was unlikely to ever
try again. He posed as a normal customer at the brothel wanting to fuck 'the
blonde one'. He didn't arouse any suspicion because he had been there a few days
earlier and did exactly that.

Using the rope left in the room for that purpose, he tied up the pitiful young
girl and gagged her as many of her customers did. As she lay hog-tied and her
mouth stuffed with a rag and taped up, Master Alex always remembered the look of
terror in her eyes as he pulled the two foot long fireman's bolt-cutter from the
top of his trousers. Even with such a hefty implement it took all his strength
to snap through one of the thick chain links that attached her to the wall.

He carried her petrified, trussed up body over to the window. Luckily the
frightened noises she made beneath her gag would not attract attention as it was
quite normal to hear such noises coming from her room. All that remained was for
the open-topped truck of his accomplice to pass underneath the window.

Master Alex knew it would take quite a hefty throw to avoid leaving a mutilated
body splattered on the street below. The truck passed underneath and Emma's
hog-tied body flew through the air, landed and sunk into a deep pile of foam
rubber in the back of the truck. Most people walking in the street only had a
moment to take in the sight of Emma sailing through the air above them, and
would most likely have shrugged it off as a alcohol or drug-induced illusion.

It took ten minutes for the truck to complete the circuit of streets, and pass
under the window again, by which time the brothel-keepers were trying to break
down the door that Master Alex had barricaded with the bed. He jumped from the
window into the truck with the sound of gunshots filling the room behind him.

It had been a while since he had thought of that episode from the past and
seeing a radiant healthy Emma standing there had suddenly brought it all back.

Emma turned around and smiled at him. "Master Alex, you look deep in thought."

"I was just thinking how good it was to have you here."

 "It's great to be here and I would like to do something nice for you.", she
said, walking with a seductive purpose towards him.

He wasn't going to refuse her. In fact was already eyeing up the four metal
stakes that were already hammered into the grassy ground nearby. The idea of
having Emma staked out naked on the grassy cliff top was quite appealing. She
saw what he had in mind, but shook her head in sorrow.

"I'm no good to you down there." She tapped her knuckles on her pussy, and
Master Alex heard the dull thud that indicated she wore a chastity belt. "But
I've still got my mouth!" she said, hoping he wouldn't be too disappointed.

"Very well, Emma. you'd better get down on your knees then", Alex said,
perfectly content with the alternative.

Master Alex helped Emma to her knees just to the side of ponygirl linda so the
ponygirls couldn't see what they were doing. Tying her hands and feet, cowboy
style, with the ends of linda's reins. The ponygirl could feel a tugging on her
reins and sensed somehow that she and Emma were connected.

Standing in front of the kneeling Emma, Master Alex peeled down his tight
rider's breeches to expose his cock. Emma immediately took it between her lips.
As a graduate of Madame Cervoix's sub-school, her oral skills were excellent.
Just because she was no longer a slave girl, it didn't mean her skills were
redundant!

While Alex held her plaited blonde ponytail to help each of them with their
balance, she moved her lips up and down his cock, licking and sucking until it
felt like a rod of iron. Her greedy eyes conveyed the impression that she had
never before encountered a finer or tastier thing than his cock!

With a measured upturn of her head and a slight push he felt the tip of his cock
against her throat. She repeated the action going slightly deeper each time. As
he looked down at her, she was looking intently upwards at him with her lovely
light-blue eyes. After about her tenth little push he saw Emma's cute nose and
upper lip nestled happily within his pubic hair and felt her tongue somehow
licking his balls. The breath from her nose was causing a delightful tickling of
his pubic hair.

The irresistible pressure of Emma's throat squeezing on his cock, soon compelled
him to unleash his semen directly into her belly. He stood unsteadily and was
glad to have hold of Emma's ponytail as he needed all the support he could get
as his body jerked its way through a series of strong ecstatic spasms.

As Emma licked clean his slowly wilting penis, her Master noticed that their
ponygirls had become slightly agitated by all the noise. With the martingale
chains keeping them facing forward and the blinkers of the bridle blocking any
peripheral vision the ponygirls had no chance to witness the action, but had
heard Master and Emma's performance all too clearly!

Master Alex grabbed the ponygirl's squeezy water bottle and gave Emma the first
squirt while she continued to kneel, still bound in the reins. The ponies' bits
had a small hole in the centre through which they could be watered without
removing the bit.

On the edge of the cliff nearby was a wooden park bench, ideally situated for
gazing at the sun setting in the ocean. Leaving Emma still tied up with ponygirl
linda's reins, Master Alex sat down on the bench, lit a cigarette, and
contemplated what the afternoon would have in store.

That afternoon there was to be one of Rabbit Island's eagerly anticipated
auctions. One of Master Alex's less pleasurable duties was sitting on the
management committee that decided which captives should be put up for auction.
With so many guests present it was decided that no less than seven Rabbit Island
captives were to be auctioned that afternoon: Two ponies, a pussygirl and four
bunnies. The decision was never easy to make, but the presence of Madame Cavallo
and other rich owners promised that the auction would be lucrative, particularly
with such exceptional ponies and bunnies on offer.

His cigarette finished, he turned to find Emma looking up at him
sympathetically.

"Worried about the auction?" Emma asked.

He started to untangle her wrists from linda's reins. "Yeah, it's always a pity
to let go of good stock, but that's what the sponsors require. The revenue will
help us develop the facilities on the island and we have some great new plans."

Having untied Emma and observed the tell-tale grass stains on her knees, he
realised they were running late. They had better get back to the Lodge in a
hurry lest they miss out on all the fun and drama of the auction.

Ponygirls debbie and linda pulled the trap at a good pace back to the Lodge,
although needing the constant encouragement of the whip on their asses. Yet
Master Alex detected that they did not have the usual spring in their steps. The
ponies' reluctance to get back to the Lodge and the upcoming auction was
understandable. Their bizarre but not altogether unpleasant life might be about
to change forever.

end of chapter 19
to be continued....the auction (final part of this book)




20. The Auction
(Rabbit Island, by Aurelius)

During their trip back to the Lodge, Emma had become quite adept at driving and
whipping the fine muscular rumps of the pony-girls that pulled them along. Her
face beamed with pride when her companion, Master Alex, declared her a
'natural'.

"I'd gladly trade in my Porsche for a pony-girl pair like these." Emma announced
to Alex, besotted by this new form of transportation.

"That would raise a few eyebrows next time you're shopping on Rodeo Drive!" Alex
laughed. "Beside, how much does a Porsche cost? A hundred thousand dollars
maybe? The two pony-girls in this afternoon's auction could sell for twice that
amount!"

He continued to set her straight. "Dan wouldn't let you have a pony-girl. Unless
you've got the right environment, facilities and trained staff, a pony-girl
would soon fall into physical decline. They need a purpose in their lives
otherwise they're unhappy. Here on the island we can make sure they get at least
five miles running every day, and they run knowing they perform a valued role.
Apart from a handful of bicycles they are the only transport we have on the
island."

They both looked ahead of them admiring the pony-girls debbie and linda,
trotting purposefully onwards; pulling their trap and its passengers with a
strong, perfectly synchronised stride. Alex conceeded that both their rear views
looked gorgeous running in their tight corsets, even though his purist
sensibilities considered corsets to be 'unponylike'.

Within ten minutes they were back in the grounds of the Lodge, where
preparations were being made for the afternoon's barbecue and auction. As they
pulled up Frank was waiting to take control of his ponies. Like all drivers he
became very anxious when his ponies were in someone else's hands.

As Alex was helping Emma down from the trap he noticed with a satisfied grin the
tell-tale green marks on the knees of her white jodhpurs. "I hope Dan won't mind
about those grass stains. It looks so obvious."

"Of course he won't mind. I shall wear these stains with pride." she reassured
him. "I hope you'll tell Dan that my performance was satisfactory."

They parted with a kiss, Master Alex to attend a brief committee meeting, Emma
to seek out some more fun things to do.

It didn't take Emma long to find something else to amuse her. She spotted two of
her best friends sunbathing by the swimming pool.

"Hey girls, mind if I join you?" Emma called out.

"Of course not, this sun-lounger is free." replied Donna, pointing to the vacant
place next to her. "I'll order you something to drink while you get changed into
your bikini."

"Yummy! A cold glass of Rabbit Island lemonade would be lovely... actually I
won't be sunbathing, I'm hoping to go out on another pony ride soon." Emma
replied, concocting an excuse to avoid removing her clothes. That chastity belt
was turning out to be a damned inconvenience. Potentially embarrassing as well,
considering she was supposed to be a domme!

One of the delectable blonde pussy-girls soon appeared carrying Emma's lemonade
on a tray. She wore just a skin-tight white swimming costume and looked so
fantastic that Donna and Meryl agreed they would have to punish the girl later
that night.

"Lemonade for you, Madame?" The pussy-girl asked, placing the glass down on a
small table. "And would you like the services of the foot bunny?" She gestured
with her eyes towards the row of three naked bunnies kneeling at the end of each
of the three sun-loungers.

Two of the bunnies were already attending to the feet of Emma's friends. The
bunnies had been well-trained in the art of pedilingus; their tongues probing
between and around the toes, licking the soles of the feet and sucking hungrily
on the toes. Each bunny was secured into their usual handcuffs behind her back
attached by a long chain to her leather collar. Nipple clamps were fixed by a
chain to the base of the sun-lounger to ensure the bunny stayed in the correct
position to carry out her job.

With the assistance of the pussy-girl, Emma removed her riding boots and
stretched out happily on the sun-lounger. Before moving off to attend to other
guests, the pussy-girl gave each of the three bunnies' buttocks a harmless
stroke with her light whip. "No slacking in your duties or you'll feel my whip
again", the pussy-girl commanded the bunniesDonn pussy-girl's threat was as
unconvincing as her whipping technique. After all, she was just a submissive
herself. Donna and Meryl looked at each other with a knowing smiling; tonight
they would teach the pussy-girl what a real whipping was all about.

"My foot bunny is quite cute, don't you think?" Emma asked her companions and
looking down at the blonde, pigtailed kelly (one of Jessica's companions from
the beach). Kelly's tongue was vigorously exploring the petite and attractive
feet in her care, causing a squeal of delight from the easily excitable Emma.

"She's from England. The way she speaks is so cute, like a character out of
Dickens." Meryl informed her. "From the Aist Ind of London apparently."

"The East End!" Emma laughed at her friend's jibe, and looked down at the
reddening face of the bunny sucking her toes. "Well, she's sure reached Hard
Times now!" she chuckled.

Emma's less well-read friends didn't understand the last remark, but kelly
seemed to, and the teasing had left her on the verge of tears. On seeing how
upset kelly was, Emma sat up and whispered something in the bunny's ear before
they resumed their respective positions. She'd given kelly a quick reminder
about the punishments meted out to tearful bunnies and that seemed to do the
trick. Bunny kelly had regained her composure and there soon developed an
unspoken rapport between the two of them. They had taken an instant liking to
each other.

"Say, Emma how is your slave girl getting on while you are away from home?",
Meryl asked.

"Oh, chrissie is fine. We've put her in a very nice kennels for a couple of
weeks. They are very strict with their girls, but it will make her all the
happier to see Dan and me when we return. It's only another month before her
contract ends. As agreed, we've paid off all her credit cards bills and put some
money on deposit for her, so she probably won't want another year as a
slavegirl. I think she's had fun with us, although we've been very tough on her
at times. Dan says I've got to learn to be very strict if I want to have a real
non-consensual slave."

Emma continued as they lounged lazily in the warm sunshine. "Actually, I've
already suggested to chrissie that if she wants another slave contract she could
apply to Rabbit Island. She could really benefit from some sunshine after a year
cooped up in our basement."

"Are they still issuing slave contracts? I heard their kidnapping division was
so successful they didn't need to offer contracts any longer. Best not to mix
the two in my opinion." Donna said, never short of gossip or opinions.

"Maybe Dan will buy something for you at the auction, they usually offer some
lovely young girls, although the prices could be sky-high today", said Meryl.
"With Dan's credentials I think you could rent a non-consensual from here, or
perhaps you could trade in chrissie?"

Emma looked at her friend, screwing up her nose in disgust. "Meryl! I'd never
break the terms of a contract. Chrissie will be freed on October 31st as stated
in our contract. If she wants to negotiate with Rabbit Island then that is
entirely her choice.

As the conversation fell silent Emma, Meryl and Donna laid back and closed their
eyes, the latter two topping up their suntans, Emma simply enjoying bunny
kelly's tongue and lips on her feet. As she relaxed her hands slowly reached up
to grab the top edge of the sun-lounger and she began to imagine that they were
firmly tied-up with rope. Just because she had become a mistress, it didn't mean
she had lost her liking for the feel of ropes on her own body!

***

The auction was to be the main event of the afternoon barbecue. The custom was
that no bunnies or other submissives were present during the auction except for
those being sold. Thus a line of around twenty naked females could be seen
staked out spread-eagled in a row on the sandy beach below the Lodge. From above
it looked like a giant line of gently squirming X's. Each bunny wore a black
cotton hood that protected her face from the excesses of the baking hot sun, and
a water soaked rag stuffed in her mouth prior to being firmly taped shut.

A minority of the male guests, particularly those without much interest in the
auction proceedings, took up the special offer available on the beach. It's not
often in life that a man can walk along a beach past a line of twenty naked
spread-eagled females. All human skin colours were available, some with clean
pussies, others trimmed, some of the bodies voluptuous while others were slim
and almost 'boyish'. The dilemma they faced in choosing which one to fuck should
not be underestimated!

The men showed little or no regard for the bunnies' own needs, although they at
least made use of a lubricating spray where necessary. When enduring a tedious
and hot afternoon, tied spread-eagle in the sand, most bunnies would agree that
it was a welcome distraction to have an impersonal cock thrusting within her
vagina; even with little chance of achieving satisfaction for herself

***

One of the side attractions of the barbecue was a large spit-roasted pig,
turning slowly above a wood fire, although perhaps it was the display next to
the roasting pig that got the most attention: An unfortunate naked woman was
also rotating on a spit!

She appeared to be skewered by an inch and a half diameter stainless-steel bar
which went in her vagina and straight out her mouth. The electric turning
mechanism kept her body rotating in sequence with the roasting pig to create a
disturbing effect. Her ankles were tied together with thin wire and to the pole
allowing a slight bend in her knees. Her wrists were tied with the same thin
wire behind her back. The bizarre scenario fooled almost everybody at first
glance and had been known to make some people wretch at the sight of it.

Closer inspection soon revealed its illusion. A supporting bar subtly painted in
the correct flesh tone was welded to the pole some four inches below the portion
between the woman's mouth and pussy. Her body was securely bound with thin wire
to that bar. The effect was similar to the magician's trick of sawing his
assistance in half. Everybody knows it's really not happening but the audience
still enjoys the illusion. Here, the woman was only skewered by a few inches of
the metal in her mouth, vagina and anus.

Alex admired her succulent body as it slowly turned. "Well Jim, your spit
roaster is a big hit with the guests. Judging by some of the reactions here I
think you'll be invited to some great barbecues next summer. You really had some
people fooled."

He took a bite of his pork in a bun. "And the pork is damn good too!" he said
with his mouth still full.

"Thanks Master Alex, although credit for the pork should go to the island's farm
for rearing it. Thanks also for the loan of one of your bunnies, my wife is sure
glad to have the afternoon off the spit. This is the first time I've used
another female, so I'm please to get one with a nice meaty body just like
Annie's.

Alex laughed. "I'm happy to oblige. When I saw you at that barbecue in the
Hamptons your service was so slow I thought you needed an assistant next time,
and who better than your own wife?" He looked admiringly at the attractive
though slightly overweight middle-aged woman. Annie stood at the serving table,
naked except for a sexy little apron, serving up the slabs of succulent pork in
a bread roll. She smiled back, and raised her glass of wine to him, obviously
glad that another woman was on the spit today instead of her.

Master Alex ran his hand over the spitted woman's body as it slowly rotated,
noticing that thick wire used to bind her was causing deep indents in the flesh
of her body and wrists. The wire bindings around her body included one that
circled her chest which was threaded through a piercing in each nipple causing
the breasts to be appear dissected horizontally. It would take at least a week
before the ligature marks would disappear from her body.

Tom proudly showed Alex his latest improvement to the device. "See how the
ankles are tied onto a part of the pole that can slide a little? If your bunny
attempts to straighten her legs it just pushes the dildo further forward into
her pussy."

He demonstrated by moving the bound ankles back and forth repeatedly along the
three inch range, until the spitted woman started to grunt and snort like a pig,
as she had earlier been trained to do. "You see! I think she likes that. I can
even get her to do it to herself if I swat her with the spatula"

Sure enough, with a few sharp hits of the spatula on her body, the spitted
woman's ankles were moving back and forth in an instinctive but hopeless
struggle, and the same snorting and grunting was emitted.

Master Alex felt slightly guilty about 'volunteering' Jessica for this arduous
role, and was sheepishly to keep out of her line of sight, which was fixed
forward by the pole in her mouth. He knew that her wax-filled ears would render
her deaf to any conversations.

The sight of two shiny steel bars invading jessica's pussy and anus, together
with her tight wired bondage was causing a distinct strain in Alex's breeches.
Tom had done a masterful job of trussing her up, cruel though it was. Alex
definitely didn't intend to be in the room when they used the wire-cutters to
free jessica, but had left instructions that it be done in a video monitored
room so he could replay the event at his leisure.

***

When the auction started on the lawns, jessica found she had a good view of the
proceedings, it was just a pity they left the spit slowly turning to ensure her
continuing torment.

Her first surprise was to see hannah fully clothed and unfettered, and happily
holding hands with a man. Jessica was confused how this seemingly rebellious
bunny, the one that seemed so desperate to escape, was suddenly on 'the other
side'.

Hannah came over to see jessica and tenderly caressed her slowly revolving face.
Her explanation fell on jessica's deaf ears, although jessica could sense in
hannah's expression that it was some kind of apology. Jessica felt betrayed. She
grunted angrily and closed her eyes tightly, leaving hannah in no doubt about
what she thought of her. Later jessica would learn that hannah was merely on a
four-week holiday. A non-consensual faker!

The auction took place on a three feet high stage. A naked woman would be
paraded in 'transport chains' while the auctioneer described her temperament,
experience and skills to the assembled buyers.

Jessica didn't recognise the first few bunnies being auctioned. A pussy-girl was
also despatched to a new fate. The fifth bunny to be brought up on to the stage
was maria, looking timid and fearful. Her wrists were chained loosely to the
sides of a belly chain, from which also descended a chain that connected her
ankles.

The auctioneer described maria to the assembled audience: "Next up we have bunny
maria. A voluptuous body, lovely latin skin tones, sensual, docile and obedient.
She's been on the island for nine months since she was traded to us by a former
lover. She has long-established submissive tendencies and is eager to please a
dominant man. She responds well to threats of punishment, but if you need to
apply the whip, you'll find she heals well. Maria's excellent oral skills will
delight men and women alike, as some of you have discovered for yourselves in
the last few days. Her wonderful round breasts have been yielding quality milk
for several months. The capacity could be easily increased for those who like
large breasts. As a low risk non-consensual, maria could, with more training,
take the role of a housemaid in a suitably elegant home. Ladies and Gentlemen,
the bidding starts at $30,000!"

The bidding closed with a rap of the auctioneer's gavel at $55,000. Maria was
escorted swiftly from the stage to be crated for shipping.

A small cage with its lid hinged open awaited her. Her transport chains were
replaced with simple cuffs on her wrists and ankles. Several wide pieces of
surgical tape were placed over her mouth, fully covering the lower half of her
face. The only concession to her comfort was the foam padding on the bottom of
the cage. The handlers lifted her gently into the cage so she was kneeling with
her shins on the padding.

One of the handlers kissed her on the forehead. "Don't worry maria, your buyer
is a good man. You'll be fine." He then pushed her body forward so her breasts
were squashed against her thighs. As he closed the lid of the cage he clipped
her handcuffs to the middle bars of the lid to further compound her captivity.
The small cage was then sealed with a padlock and the various keys to the locks
sealed in an envelope for the attention of her new owner. Maria's cage was
carried by two of the handlers and placed alongside four other cages, each one
containing a bunny secured in the same way as she. Five pairs of frightened eyes
looked out of their cages, each racked with fear at the thought of leaving the
'security' of Rabbit Island.



Emma's rich husband Dan decided not to bid for a pony-girl despite her
impassioned pleading. However, he had arranged a surprise for her: Bunny kelly
would be delivered to their home a few weeks later.

It came as no surprise to see Madame Cavallo successfully bid for the two
pony-girls in the auction. $260,000 secured her the pair. Riccardo was finding
it hard to hold back the tears as he saw his ponies tanya and wendy stripped of
their hard-earned pony accoutrements. It just didn't seem right to him that they
should be chained up and squeezed into the same small cages as if they were
merely bunnies.

It was Master Alex that placed a consoling arm around Riccardo as he walked
forlornly away from the scene.

"I'm visiting Cavallo's place next month so I'll make damn sure she's treating
them well." Alex tried to reassure him. "When you get back from your holiday you
can enjoy the challenge of training a brand new pony-girl, to go with one of the
existing ponies."

As the two men walked past the barbecue catering area, they both cast a knowing
glance over at jessica, still revolving slowly on her spit with only a
half-eaten roast pig for company.

For many of the bunnies that remained on Rabbit Island, life would soon be
changing. There were vacancies to be filled on the farm, the dairy, the stables
and in the domestic quarters of the Lodge.

The bunnies might have felt that the day was the end of an era, but for each of
them it was merely the prelude to a new adventure.

The End

(at least for now...)

(Rabbit Island, by Aurelius. September 2002)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aurelius


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





