BDSM Library - A Job in London




A Job in London
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The model wannabe was drugged and abducted by this woman and was used as a sex toy for her and her friends. After being used so many times, all she could think of was getting fucked.
A Job in London


Another story by Pagan.


Row 22 seat A,lord how I wish I had never seen those numbers,I`v been in so much
pain and I don`t know when it will end.I can only hope,no pray some-one will
find out what has happened to me,may-be you can help me? Why don`t I tell you
how it happened,this is only if you have the time to listen to how stupid I was.

Row 22 seat A,with the raw sound of the Glaswegian voice that had just announced
the immanent departure of flight LG 284 for London Gatwick still ringing in my
ears I had found my seat,it was a window seat and I giggled as I looked over the
rain soaked Glasgow airport thinking of my first trip to London.

I suddenly felt some-one sit down beside me,I looked and smiled at the woman,I`d
say around 38,strong looking in her tweed jacket and corded trousers,she smiled
at me,"Hello",I nodded and said Hello back,turned and looked back out at the
rain,"Fancy a snifter",I turned back to see her offering a large hip flask
towards me,"Go on,helps to clam the tum before a take off".

I shook my head,"No thanks",but she was insistent,"Go on, no ones looking",I
did`nt want to make a scene so I took it and had a mouthful,"Ohh that's
strong",she held it to my lips,"Go on take some more,it`s real warming",I
could`nt do much else and took another swallow,thank goodness the seat belt sign
came on and the stewardess came around to check before we were ready for take
off.

Soon we were high over Scotland and on my way to London,the stewardess came
round for drinks and I said no but to my surprise the woman next to me ordered
two double scotches and handed me one,"I know it only a 2 hour flight but we may
as well get acquainted,cheers I`m Fay",I took the drink,"Hello again I`m Liz and
thank you for the drink".

That last drink out of the flask had made me a little giggly,she could see I was
a little flushed she said,"So what's for you in the big city",I took another
mouth full of drink and showed her the piece of paper I had been holding,she
read"Models wanted,18 to 24 must be over 5` 10` for new agents,auditioning
Tuesday 21st at Globe House,The Shambles,Queer St SW 1,no need to ring just turn
up,mmm I thought you were a model with those long legs",I smiled,"Well I`m not
really this is my first try,I have`nt told anybody about it in case I fail".

She lifted the glass and said,"Well hears to success cheers again",I took
another swig and laughed but she looked straight at me,"So were doe`s your
husband think you are",I laughed again,I didn` t know whether it was nerves or
the drink,"I`m not married and sort of between partners,my folks think I`m
shopping in Glasgow,won`t they be surprised",she smiled back,"Have you ordered a
taxi,London's a big place",I carried on drinking",Eeerrrr no, it says pick up a
Taxi from zone D terminal C",she never took her eyes off me,it made me a bit
nerves so I finished the drink,she asked more questions,"So you want to be a
model,get away from Scotland,well you are very pretty and that`s a lovely suit
you have on and the blouse goes really well with the skirt, is that
tights,hold-ups or stocking,lovely colour,"I blushed and went even
redder,"Eeerrrr,stockings",she smiled,"And are you wearing sexy suspenders,I
love wearing stockings and suspenders,drives them wild and I love the feel of
their hands on the naked skin just above the stocking tops as they make their
way up to get in the panties,don`t you".

I was shocked,because when she said that she put her hand on my knee,I had to
get away so I got up and made the excuse that I had to go the the toilet,it
wasn`t until I stood that I realized how much the drink was affecting me,I
almost staggard out of my seat and I felt her put her hand on my bottom as I
pushed past.

I must have been in the toilet for ages as I was aware of somebody trying the
door and then the stewardess asking if I was all right

I wasn`t, that drink was very strong and I was frightened of that woman but I
had to go back, there was no choice,"Yes I`m all right",and I unlocked the door
and returned to my seat,"You all right pet, you have been gone a long time",I
smiled at her and made another excuse of being a little air-sick,she said",Don`t
worry pet,here, I`ve got us another drink",another large scotch was put on my
table.

I thanked her a sipped it,it tasted a bit off but I put that down to me and
thought that I would`nt offend her so I just sipped it,she never spoke until I`d
emptied the glass."There now I bet you feel better now",I looked at her through
fuzzy eyes,"Yes thank you I`d do",then I hic-cupped,she patted the inside of my
knee,"There there, soon be in the big city,tasting it`s delights",then she said
quietly"Well one of us well".My head rolled to one side and I could see her
looking smiling at me,  her hand was still on my knee,"You  are a very pretty
girl,I should imagen your a natural blond,can`t see any regrowth,you well
certainly make a fine model,"she rubbed her hand up and down my knee letting it
slip under my skirt,I went to speak but the words did`nt come out quite right,I
did`nt think I was that drunk,I`d did`nt think for too long as the seat belt
sign came on and we were descending into the cloud of Gatwick.

We rolled to a stand still and we all started to move, I felt very wobbly but
she was there to help me,she guided me out of the plane making some comment to
the stewardess about me not being able to take a drink and bundled me to the
check in,I showed my cards and soon she was heading me out,I said,"Thank you,
can you show me were the taxis are", she said "Over at zone C terminal D",I
thought that sounded right and followed  as we went out a tall man meet us,I
know he was tall because I was wearing high heels and as I`m 5"11` I don`t get
many men in eye line,she was short about 5"5` she quickly spoke to him,"Tony
this young ladies got to get to the Shambles can you take her she`s had a few to
many",he took my other arm and soon I was in the back of a very smart car,they
never spoke which I found very odd as the journey took half an hour.We pulled up
outside a very imposing building I went to get out,"Look Liz I think you could
do with a couple of cups of coffee before you go to meet your fame and fortune,I
live close by,don`t worry I`ll get you sober".Before I could speak the car sped
off and with-in 10 minutes we were outside a very smart Victorian building,Tony
helped me out and both of them lead me to the lift and up we went.I saw no-one
as they pushed me quickly into the apartment,it was very nice and I collapsed on
to a large sofa,they both disappeared into the kitchen and she was soon back
with a pot of coffee,"Here have it black,it`s a bit bitter but it`s good",I took
a sip,funny it tasted like the scotch we had on the plane,she gave me more,I
heard Tony say,"Steady on,don`t give her all of it,it`s a bit strong",she turned
on him,"Fuck off,I want her out of it for a while,I gave her two on the plane so
a third should do the trick,for fuck sake think about it,I told you in the
kitchen no-one knows where she is and when was the last time we had a looker
like this to play with",she undid my jacket and blouse,roughly pulled the
sleeves down my arms then flicked my bra straps down.She pulled hard on my bra
untill my nipple`s showed," With these looks she can do a bit on the market,you
know how much some people will pay to play with her and use her as a sex toy for
a night or two, you won`t moan when you get a bigger car from her earnings.

My arms were so heavy and I could`nt move,I looked at them through my glazed
eyes,I wanted to speak but I just blew bubbles from the corner of my mouth,I
could hear them and I was scarred shitless at what I was hearing,suddenly she
stood up,"I suppose you want to fuck her first,pick her up, take her in the
bedroom and we will have a look at her,you won`t look so worried when you have
her naked with these long lovely legs wide open".

I saw him grin back at her then move toward me,put his left arm under my
knees,his right grabbed around my back and he lifted me up,I hung there starring
at the ceiling as he turned towards the bed room.She followed as in to the
bedroom the first thing I noticed was a huge round mirror on the
ceiling,suddenly I was thrown on to a large round bed  under the mirror,through
glazed eyes I stared at myself,my lovely plum coloured suit was hanging on
me,the skirt had ridden up and my stocking top were on full show,my blouse was
wide open and I could see one of my nipples over my bra then I looked at my face
and wondered why until my view was blocked by the back of his head.I looked at
him he still had that grin,"Time to take your clothes off and have a look at
that present you have for me between those lovely long legs,I haven`t fucked
anything as nice as you for a long time.Suddenly I heard her voice again,"You
fucked me two days ago",I looked over to where the sound had come from as he
said,"Yes but this is young, tender fresh meat to fuck and I can hurt this one
until she do`s everything I want".She was standing by and large wardrobe,she had
taken off her out-door clothes and was in a black bisque with black and red
suspenders, and stockings finished off with red high heels,she smiled at both of
us,"You will have to wait a while for her to be able to move let alone perform
your kind of perversion",her laugh scared me.

Her laughter turned to a nasty grin as she looked fully at me,her hand moved to
the wardrobe door and slowly opened it,if I could have screamed I would have
woken the dead,on the inside of the door were racks,racks full of weird looking
sex toys.The top row conceited of whips all shapes and lengths,my eyes were
trying to focus as his hands started to undo my clothes,my skirt was being
pulled off then my jacket but all I could see was that door.The next row was
straps,handcuffs,ball-gags and nipple-clamps,all sorts of restraints,I was
pulled up and my blouse jacket and bra were ripped from me before I fell back on
the bed,first I saw myself naked apart from my stockings and suspenders,his hand
pushed my face back to the side,"See your pretty new playthings",she laughed
again,"That I`m going to use on my new pretty young plaything".

I looked further into the wardrobe there were racks of under-wear,disgusting
perverted things,then she moved and I saw the last row on the
door,Vibrators,dildos,butt plugs at least ten,all different shapes and sizes
under them hung four strap-on ones,one of them even had two cocks for double
penetration,she noticed the fear in my eyes,"Any of them take your fancy
pet,don`t worry I will try them all out on your pretty little pussie".

She pulled the riding crop from the hanger and walked toward me,Tony had just
finished taking his clothes off,"Tony darling you don`t mind if I warm that
little blond covered slit up for you,do you darling",he sniggered,"Be my guest
sweetie,do you want her open or closed",she slapped the leather crop end down on
the bed,"Open of course".

My mouth felt like I had been to the dentist,my tongue seemed to fill my mouth
and I could`nt speak as Tony pulled my legs apart,she smiled down at me,"You may
be drugged but you will feel this,get used to it we love a hot,obedient cunt,I
hope you take a while to break in",the pain between my legs burnt in to me as
she slapped the crop hard down on the top of my cunt.

She walked slowly round the bottom of the bed flicking the crop on to my cunt or
catching the tops of my thighs,"Open her up for me,Tony"his fingers pulled my
lips open exposing the pink flesh,she looked at me and then at my cunt,flick,she
let go of the head and it stung hard on my clit,I moaned,"She felt that,want
another",flick,flick,two more hit home.

I blinked and my eyes cleared,"Oh Tony look her tear ducks are working,little
babies crying,aaahhhh,lets give you something to cry about".She stood at the end
of the bed flicking the riding crop at me,10,11,12 the pain was burning and I
could do nothing to save myself,Tony suddenly stopped her,"That's enough I want
something left to fuck",He looked at me,"Reckon you`ll be grateful for a good
fucking at least you`ll enjoy my cock up you cunt",he bent down and took one of
my nipples in his mouth and sucked hard on it,"You will wish you did`nt have
such long nipples when I leave you alone with Fay and her toys,she`s got some
wicked clamps".

He pushed my legs open then curled his arm under my left knee and pushed it up
so my cunt was fully open and held it there,I could see him through the mirror
as he started to push in to my sore cunt it.It hurt as he slid further in until
his length was right up me then he went at me hard,thrusting in and slowly out
then hard in again,he smiled in to my eyes,"Just get you wet before I really
fuck you,and when I do I`m going to hold that pretty little mouth open and give
you a great tonguing while my fingers see if your tit`s bourse,I love tweaking
long nipples",I closed my eyes as I felt him start to speed the thrusting up.The
force of the fucking was moving me up the bed as I fought to breath with his
tongue half way down my throat and the relentless pulling of my nipples,with all
that I could feel myself getting wetter.

He was like an animal banging into me,"That's it girl, juice my cock up,you
can`t help it you know you love fucking,well, with want we have planned you
better, come on girl lets fill you up",he was pumping in to me and bending to my
tit`s biting at my nipples.pulling them hard up in to his mouth then lifting his
head until they were forced to pull from his mouth,then he`d do the same to the
other all the time his hips banged into me and his knees pushed my legs to
breaking point.

His whole body went suddenly rigged and I felt steams of hot juice fill my
cunt,his head dropped and he grabbed my jaw and nose then drove his tongue fully
into my mouth as his hips jerked the last of his juice in to me.I thought I
would pass out for the lack of air when he pulled up and looked at me,"How was
that for the first of many,you are nice a tight,not been used much,well, we will
soon put that right,how's your ass,you have ether had all back door or that`s
not been used much ether,I look forward to finding out,but sadly today I`m
already late for an appointment and I can see Fay is ready to have some fun with
you".

I looked up at myself in the mirror,he had left me with my legs wide open,I
could see the red marks on my breasts where his teeth and fingers had mauled
them,then Fay walked in to view,thank god she did`nt have that crop in her hand.

She got on the bed beside me and lifted my arm,she let go and it dropped
lifelessly back on the bed,"Aaaaaahhhh poor pet still can`t move,but you soon
will, so I had better get you in a position to make sure you can`t run away".As
she said that she slowly toyed with my nipple pulling it around and flicking
it,she moved her head down to it and ran her tongue all over them still looking
at me.Her right arm moved and I felt fingers curl in to my cunt,I looked up at
the mirror,I could see her hand covering it,she was still looking at me,"Still a
bit sloppy from Tony,can I go and lick it out for you,maybe you would like a
taste",she pushed her fingers right up me then slowly brought them up my body
before shoving them into my mouth,"He do`s taste nice does`nt he,he has blown
off in my mouth many times,do you suck good,not that it bothers me I just want
your mouth to work on my little pussie and you better be good or I will sting
you until you are,now how's about that licking I promised myself".

Her head slid down me licking me as she went until she was between my legs,her
tongue played allover my cunt lips then on to my clit before pushing up as far
as she could.She was making silly yummmiieeee noises as she licked hard at me
and I know my cunt was starting to respond,she knew it to and looked up,"You
like it when people play with you I hope your going to be a good pet and do the
favours back",she laughed and drove her tongue hard back up me then,shaking her
head violently between my legs as she pulled at my clit with her teeth.

She licked at me and bit at my thighs,her left hand would snake up my body and
squeeze at my tits,I could feel more and more suddenly as she bit at my clit my
leg moved,she pulled away,"Aaaahhhh the beauty awakes time for a little
restraint,wait there I won`t be a minute".

I was fighting to try and move, just slightly I could feel my fingers clawing at
the bedclothes,I looked up to see and yes my knees bent and I could wiggle my
toes as Fay came back in to view,"Where`s my pet off too,no,no you can`t go we
have only just meet",she waved two sets of cuffs at me,"Shall we see if these
fit,over you go",she rolled me on to my stomach and pulled my arms behind me,I
was powerless to stop her as I heard them click and hold my wrists tight.Then
she took my ankles and they were trapped together with cuffs,she turned me back
over and I could see that the restraints on my ankles had a four inch chain
holding me,"There my pet that should keep you just where I want you,now you
naughty girl you`ve made me all hot and I need a little fun,so lets see what we
have".

She went back to the wardrobe,I moaned as she turned and held aloft a ring-gag
and a double length rubber cock,"How's this,some fucking for you and some for
me,won`t this be fun",the evil grin was back on her face.She had taken her pants
off and held them under her nose then under mine I could smell the aroma she
must have been very wet,she wiped them all over my face,"Wait until it`s the
real thing rubbing over your pretty mouth,but for now we better do something
about it".She dropped the rubber cock on the bed and  came over to me with the
ring-gag,she grabbed my nose and pulled hard up while pushing the ring on to my
bottom teeth then the foul thing pushed in and I could`nt close my mouth,I
moaned as she pulled my hair up so the buckle could be locked shut behind
me."You look perfect my little pet now for a bit of double fucking for us
girls",pushing my legs apart she shoved the full length in to me then she
climbed on and pushed the other end up herself and started to fuck herself and
me off,my cunt was sore after the slapping and my juice stung me.She was going
at it hard fucking herself and making me wet,I didn`t want this but it was
happening all I could do was watch her as she squeezed at her breasts and played
with her cunt until she flooded and screamed on a tremendous orgasm.For three or
four minutes she just sat on the end of the rubber cock as she pulled herself
together then slid off it as it slowly slipped out of me,"Well my pet we have
made a mess of ourselves,I think its bath time,you just wait there while I get
things ready",she picked up the rubber cock and went back to the wardrobe,I
could`nt see what she was doing but when she left for the bathroom she had
something's in her hand.I pulled at my cuffs but they both held firm,the drug
had worn off but I was still helpless.

The phone at the side of the bed rang,Fay came back in,she was naked,she smiled
at my helplessness,she squeezed my tit as she picked up the phone,"Hello
Josie,---fine, you----yes---yes it`s true---you`ve been talking to Tony---,yes
she`s gorges---oh very good strong thighs----I`m looking at her right now---yes
I`ve just fucked her----tonight,why not---your going to bring Jess and
Bobbie----I don`t think she will mind,hang on I`ll ask her,"she looked down at
me,"My friend wants to come over later to see you,you don`t mind do you",I
stared at her,she put the phone down by my ear,"Tell them",I glared back at
her,she bent forward and twisted my nipple,"Tell them you don`t mind or I`ll
fetch the riding crop",I started making stupid noise`s through the
gag,"Aaahwwhggh  ahwwhwwhhgghh",she laughed as she put the phone back to her
ear,"See I told you she would`nt mind-----one of my gags---lets her tongue out
to play----I don`t know,she has`nt had the plesure of me sitting on her mouth
yet-----oh lots tonight---yes see you later---no,no Iv`e got wine---see you
later you randy bitch, bye darling,"She put the phone down,"Who`s a lucky girl
your going to have lots of company tonight.

She laughed all the way back to the bathroom,I turned and struggled,eventually I
got my legs off the bed just as she came back,"That's right come on let`s get
you cleaned up,she took my arm as I hobbled to the bathroom,it was very big with
everything done out in cream and gold,she guided me to the bath as I got there I
moaned in horror,stuck to the bottom of the bath was another dildo,about five
inches long,fat and stuck firmly just where I was going to have to sit,I looked
at her and shook my head,she just smiled and nodded hers.

I wasn`t going in and looked at her,I could see myself in the mirror behind
her,my mouth open grotesquely,the metal ring showed against my white teeth,I
could see my tongue and I remembered what she had just said,my blond hair hung
around my shoulders and my eyes red with tears,I thought why me,she ignored me
and left me standing there only to return with a small bag, pincers with needles
in there jaws and the riding crop,"I can assure you,you would be wiser just to
get in".

The crop stung my ass,as I moved to avoid it another flicked on to my cunt then
my tit`s,every time I moved she was ready to hit another sensitive part of my
body,it was no use,she had me.I sat defected on the side of the bath as she
lifted my legs over and in to the warm water.As the rest of me was manoeuvred in
she held me then got in behind me and held my shoulders as I slowly lowered
myself on the tip of the rubber cock,as I got lower so my legs would`nt hold me
and I slipped down impaling myself on the five inch dildo,my cunt had been
abused so much that afternoon it sank up easily,I moaned as I felt it fill
me,she bent and whispered in my ear,"Cosy fit pet,now to get you clean". 

Fay got perfumed bath oils and rubbed all over me,working hard on my nipples
forcing them out,I didn`t see her but she got another pair of pincers and
suddenly gripped my nipple pulling it out hard,too late I saw the other pair and
she was holding them over my extended bud,I tried to cry but could`nt as they
closed piercing me,the blood ran down and in to the water.She never spoke as she
got a little box out of the bag,but she did smile as she showed me the nipple
ring before it was clipped on to me."Don`t fight it pet,I`m going to do the
other one,I tried to look any-where but at the pincers as I felt them pull the
other nipple out,soon that one too had a ring through it and she was washing the
trickles of blood of my chest.She got in and washed her self all the time
staring at me,"I will give you those as a present,they are gold only the best
for my little pet`s,I`m going to wash your hair and make you beautiful again,I
want you to look your best for my friend`s".She washed me like a mother taking
pride in their child,as I sat impaled on this cock,my nipples stinging she
washed me,I could`nt believe it,she hummed to herself while she did it.

She stopped and asked"Are you enjoying that cock up you,next time I`ll use a
double so you can have one up your ass as well,close your eyes while I rinse
you",I closed my eyes and waited for the shower,but it wasn`t the shower I was
expecting she stood above me opened her legs and let a stream of her urine
cascade all over me,I heard her laughing as I tried to avoid the hot filth,"Just
my little joke pet,just to prove you are mine to do with as I see fit now  I
want you to stick you tongue through that ring and lick me clean,do me right or
I will hurt you until you learn who is your mistress",I pushed my tongue a
little way through as she lowered herself down and her cunt covered my mouth and
nose,I tried to lick her,the acrid smell was awful,besides that I did`nt know
what to do,it was the first time I had ever done anything with a woman but it
wasn`t good enough for her,she slid her hand down to my nipple and tugged at the
ring,again I tried to scream,not only the gag but her cunt muffled the sound"Now
you know what they are for,do me good or I get worse",my tongue pushed out as
far as it could all though I was feeling sick with the taste of her I licked her
as hard and as fast as I could,she lifted off me"Good that will do to start
with".She left me sitting covered in her juice and urine while she washed
herself down and dried then she showered me off.It took a long time to get me
out of the bath,with my ankles chained I kept slipping back down on to the
cock,all she could do was laugh as it sunk back up me,"What's up pet don`t you
want to leave it,don`t worry you will get plenty more when my friends arrive".

Eventually she had let me use the toilet,then I was dried and back laying on the
bed,while she busied herself looking for something sexy,as she said, for her
friends to rip off me when they arrived,she threw some things on the bed and
told me to get some rest it was going to be a long night,especially for me,she
fastened a dog collar around my neck,then a chain which she attached to the
wall,"There, now you arn`t going anywhere,I`ll leave you a while,I`ll be back to
dress you,do your hair and make you up later,sleep well pet",I lay there in
frozen horror as to what she was going to do to me next.

I don`t know how but I must have drifted off to sleep as a suddenly woke too
fingers playing with my cunt,"Hello,you do have a nice soft cunt,show me your
ass,do it now or you get punished",I turned on my side and she examined my
ass,pulling the cheeks apart and probing it with her fingers,"Oh lovely,nice and
puckered,beautiful ring and tight,you will be popular,very sore but popular",she
pulled me back flat and examined the rings on my nipples,making sure they moved
and hadn`t heeled tight.She was pleased,but I wasn`t, she got a chain and
fastened it on to the two rings,"Now you will move when I pull on this",she gave
it a little tug and I jumped with the pain,"That's it,now to get you ready",she
unclipped the chain on the collar,got a shorter chain and clipped it to the
front of the collar then down to the centre of my nipple chain,it wasn`t very
long and if a moved my head quickly it pulled my nipples up.She moved me to the
bedroom stool infront of the dressing table and yet another mirror to look at my
retched self  as she did my hair then applied make up to my eyes and cheeks,even
a little lip stick around my ever open mouth.To finish off she had a gold
basque,she did`nt have to untie me, it clipped around me, the cups scrapped my
sore nipples then she took her time buttoning the gusset and playing with my
cunt at the same time,it was easy for her as there was a lace trimmed hole for
her to finger me through,"I love your soft pussie,I shall enjoy sucking and
licking it,you will love kissing mine,you better,after me and my friend are done
with you my pretty little pet,you will be an expert,now lets get some stocking`s
on you and get you finished off".

Oh how I wanted to close my mouth the pain was getting unbearable,I tried to
plead as best I could but she just carried on preparing me like some sort of
sacrifice,I was hungry tired and sore,I offered no resistance as she undid my
legs and put the stockings on,she cuffed my legs again and left me sitting
looking at myself,oh so pretty but not with that thing in my mouth.

I heard a bang as she re-entered the room she was carrying a small wooden plank
about four feet long it had straps at ether end,she laid it on the floor facing
the door,then she moved the long mirror around to the side of the door,she went
to the wardrobe and picked out the riding crop,then she came for me,"Come on pet
lets have you in position".She slapped it on her side I stood up and shuffled
toward the plank,finally I was standing on it,she took my leg cuff off and
strapped my legs apart to the straps as I stood on the board I looked down I
notice a fixing in the centre.Once I was secure she went back to the wardrobe,my
worst horror came back as she turned and showed me a long pole with a screw
fixing at both ends and in her other hand a long batterie driven rubber
cock,"This should moisten you up for my friends".

I made more stupid noises and tried to left my legs as she screwed the cock to
the pole then she started to push it up me,she did`nt stop until it was fully in
filling all of my cunt like I had never known before then she fastened it to the
fixing in the board adjusting it until I had to stand on tip toe to gain any
relief I looked ridicules as I watched my panic in the postioned mirror.She
stood up and looked into the mirror at me impaled on her vile contraption,she
smiled as she looked from me to the vibrating control in her hand,"Shall I start
you off slow or do you want to go for it straight away.lets see".She turned the
control,oh my god it started to move slowly round and vibrating very slowly,I
shook my head but she turned and faced me just grinning back at me as her hand
moved the dial on and it moved faster.First one knee bent then the other as my
body squirmed to escape the sensation,I moaned which was her signal to move the
dial up again,my hips thrust forward and then back,my moans became heavy
breathing as my body responded to the enforced fucking the machine was giving
me,she let the control slip to the floor as she sat back on the bed and I
watched my self fucking this rubber cock as she watched my torment,her fingers
played around her cunt,still that evil grin stared up at me.

I was bucking around my head moved from side to side,I knew I was wet,wetter
then I had ever been, it was running down my leg I felt as if I was being fucked
to death,she got of the bed,stood in front of me,"I don`t see why you should
have all the fun",and put one leg ether side of mine and started to rub her self
up and down me. I was only just aware of her wet slit on my thigh,and when she
pulled the cup down to free a tit even when her lips were sucking at my
nipples,but I really shook when her left hand started to play with my
clit,rubbing it and tweaking the nub she was wanking me off as this cock fucked
me senseless.

She was rubbing me very hard and her mouth sucked at my nipple then her teeth
tugged out the ring,now her right hand was slapping my ass as she slid up and
down my leg,I came in a tremenduse orgasm,she slid down my leg and picked up the
control switch, turned it down,,just leaving it slowly fucking me,I could only
look in the mirror which she had deliberately put there so I could see what was
happening to me as her lips sucked at my cunt licking the juice from my slit as
I stood there unable to stop her and totally exhausted.When she had licked
enough she slid back up my leg and continued to get herself off as she caressed
my nipples with her fingers she looked at me,"Enjoyed that did`nt you,you don`t
mind if I come on your leg,I`ll leave the cock slowly fucking you,keeping you
ticking over so to speak as my friends will be here soon and they will want to
see you put  that little show on again".

She rubbed herself faster on me I could now feel the sticky slime that she was
leaving on me,she sucked at my nipples her right hand fingered hard in to my
ass-hole and she would keep pulling at my clit until she finally came spurting
juice all over my thigh.She lay against me smiling up and then sticking her
tongue out and running it round my nipples,a car horn sounded,shit she said and
rushed in to the bathroom brought out a face cloth and wiped me clean, then she
rubbed it hard between her legs,sprayed us both with perfume,checked my hair and
make-up,touched the control up a notch,I moaned as the door bell rang and I felt
the cock start to work on me.Through glazed eyes I found myself looking in to
that mirror again, I knew that me,dressed in the gold bisque and
stocking,ring-gagged and bound, fucking myself off on the cock, would be the
first sight Fays friend would see.

Fay went to the door and I could hear excited voices",Darling you cleaver
girl,where is she,"------"Jess control your self, all in good
time,Bobbie,Josie,come on in,take your things off,here give them to me,ohhh you
do risk it, don`t you fear getting seen"------"Can`t see the point of getting
dressed just to undressed, a fur will do next to my skin it was next to the last
owner,where is she",------Oh all right,try the bedroom".The door burst open and
the women stopped and looked at me then at each other,the one who was already
naked,lifted her large right tit and sucked the nipple,"Mmmmm Christmas comes
early",I was shaking with fear and with what the cock was doing to me as they
all slowly came toward me,"Having fun my beauty, you going to do me and my
friends right",she bent and picked up the control and slowly turned it up,"Make
the bitch jump",another said as she stuck her finger in my mouth and touched my
tongue,"Oh I hope this tongue is up to the job,I take a lot of tongue fucking to
get off,but you will find that out,ohh she likes a fucking herself, look at her
move",my hips were now moving and thrusting as the rubber cock gained speed and
started to fuck me hard.I was already moaning when the women started to play
with my body,fingers tickled me between my legs,hands pulled my tits out and
lips sucked on my nipples driving me on.The woman who was obviously Josie walked
over to the wardrobe and got something out she could see I was trying to watch
her and hid it behind her until she stood infront admiring the way her friends
were playing with my body and turning me on,through half closed eyes I saw her
holding a butt-plug,she was licking it,I wanted to shake my head but I was being
forceable fucked, getting close to an orgasm, she smiled at me as she went
behind me,I felt finger rubbing me between my legs from behind as they dragged
the juice from my cunt into my ass-hole then the hardness of the plug as it was
pushed up,it slid into my ass forcing me over the top to my orgasm,the woman
sucking my nipple looked at me,"Well little lady I hope that when Bobbie fucks
your ass with her big strap on that your going to make me cum like that".

Fay appeared at the door,"Shall we let the rubber cock fuck her again or shall
we take her off and have her service us,what do you think girls",I felt the
butt-plug get shoved up me hard,and a voice came from behind",I think you two
are ready to be licked out and I want to fuck this cute ass -hole,I bet she gets
real hot with an ass fucking".Bobbie and Jess moved back from me and started to
undress,Fay went to the wardrobe and got another crop and a black handled whip
with about 6 short lengths of leather and a large black strap on cock,it must
have been 8 inches I could just see it had something on the inside that would
stimulate Josie.They were all undressed or wearing sexy cut under-wear when Fay
came up to me,"We are going to take you off that big cock and you are going to
lick and suck us,now to do that we can,ether,make you do it through the gag or
take the gag off give you a drink and then you lick and suck us,if you speak
with-out our permission we will gag you far worse than this and then use these
whips until you realise who your mistress`s are,you will do as your told, it`s
up to you how much pain you take to do it,help me take her down".

Bobbie pulled the rubber cock out of my wet cunt as Jess and Fay undid my
ankles,I was made to sit on to the bed with the plug still stuck up my ass as
Fay undid the strap on the gag and took it out.To close my mouth again was
wonderful,Josie held a large glass of wine to my mouth and I drank it all,Fay
whispered in my ear,"Do you know on the black market that they make a female
version of viagra,it cost`s a fortune but we pay in kind,your kind and you just
drank a very strong mix of it,it`s even worse, or better depending how you look
at it, with alcohol".

They all took ordinary wine while I lay on the bed frightened to speak,my head
spinning,my pussie still wet and I could feel a strange sensation inside
me,Bobbie put her hand inside my basque and tugged my nipple ring,"Just nod,no
need to speak to your, superiors,you ready to fuck?"  I nodded,Fay laughed in
triumph,Get the basque off, we have a slave to play with,lets take her".

I was roughly turned over and fingers undid the clasp at the back and the basque
fell off as I was turned back on my front,Josie bent down,"You felling sexy,you
should with all that dope in you,I`m going to make your cunt so wet before I
take your ass,now turn back over and get your ass in the air,I don`t know which
one of the girls your going to be tonguing first but when I`ve finished with you
you will be sucking for Scotland,now get over and don`t forget to use your mouth
for licking not talking",I turned back over and brought my knees up,"Spread them
knees slave",I pushed my knees apart and waited,suddenly fingers pushed in to my
cunt,my whole body jumped what ever was in that drug had an amazing effect,my
cunt was already aroused from the fucking machine now the fingers were going to
make me wet again.I felt one then two fingers push up and then slowly they
started to feel around touching my most sensitive places then out,again in
getting faster all the time,I could`nt help  but move my hips,this brought a
slap from one of the crops,I jumped only to have the fingers working up me
again.Another slap this time from the other side then back again,all the time
fingers fucked in and out of my cunt,my hips jumped and moved,I groaned,both
crops hit me at the same time very hard,"Silence slave",then another slap still
the fingers fucked me,I buried my face in the pillow and bit it to stop the 
moaning,the fucking was getting faster,as my ass jumped up the crops hit
home,the heat of the spanking and the finger fucking was making my cunt so wet,I
was almost delirious when I heard Josie say,"She's ready".

There was a movement in front of me,still having my hands fastened behind it was
hard to move or escape as my hair was pulled up and Bobbie spread her legs ether
side off my head,slid down and shoved my mouth down on to her bald cunt,"Get
your tongue up there and listen slave you better not stop until your drinking my
juice ".The fucking I was getting drove me to start on her,her legs were wide
open and I got my tongue down and on to her moist flesh then worked up,tickling
the hard nub of her clit,then I sucked it in to my mouth before I pushed my
tongue as far up her hole as I could,still the fingers fucked me.

With-out warning the fingers stopped and slid out only to tickle and play around
the inflamed lips of my cunt,I pushed back trying to find them,all I got was a
hard slap from the crop,"You want my fingers back up your hole lick faster,or
maybe you want some of this",the butt-plug was moved and pushed up,the feeling
was incredible,my tongue worked as hard as it could as I strained to push and
lick at the same time,my reward was immediate, the fingers went back up as the
plug moved in and out,it was the first time I had felt double penetration and I
knew my body wanted more and I would do any perverted thing to have the relief.

My mouth worked on Bobbies cunt like a savage beast licking at a feast the
fucking behind was now making me so wet it was running out of me,I felt the cunt
in my mouth pushing harder in to my face,she was cuming,I opened my mouth wide
and got a full stream of hot cum,I swallowed fast until she slowed down and I
felt the pressure of her cunt lift away.I wiped my mouth on the pillow as a
stinging blow from Josie's hand stung my ass," On your back,your mouths not
finished yet",I rolled over and looked straight up in to the mirror,I looked
like some sacrifice,I saw Fay,still in her basque looking at me,Bobbie sat in
the bed side chair stroking her wet cunt,Jess was naked and fingering herself
and Josie had the strap on cock in her hand,her head turned to me,"Spread them
legs again,I`m going to fuck both your holes while Jess sits on your face,you
get your tongue up her cunt and suck her good or I`ll pull your hairs out one by
one".I watched her hand go down to my cunt,felt her fingers entwine in my hair
and pull,I yelped,only to have another hair pulled,"That's for making a sound",I
felt the tears run ether side of my face as I bit hard on my lip,"Do you want to
lick Jess,do you want her cunt in your mouth",keeping my eyes tight shut I
nodded," There she is Jess waiting for your cunt, climb aboard and have fun,I
know I am".

Jess straddled my face and lowered herself on to my mouth,I started to push up
again,it was easier this way and I thought I would be able to bring her off with
out too much pain,but that did`nt last long.As I worked my tongue up her she
pushed harder down covering my mouth and nose,I had to move my head around to
breath and she was loving that.I stared up at her,she was smiling down at me as
I moved so she followed cutting off the air,"You want to breath then lick my
pussie harder",As I did I felt movement at the end of the bed,something cold
pushed at my cunt,then it slid in,I looked quickly up to see the top of Josses
head and her between my legs pushing her hip`s with the strap on in to my
defenceless cunt,with one quick push she sank the whole 8  inches in me and that
strange feeling came flooding back.

I hadn`t noticed but I soon felt the ridges all up the side of the cock as they
pushed in and out,Josie was an expert and knew just where it should go to give
the most pleasure,my wetness soon returned and I craved for the fucking.I was
licking and sucking hard now as the feeling of being fucked took hold.Josie
deliberately moved and made me follow,making me arch my body then thrusting hard
in,bringing moans of pleasure from my mouth so she could have another reason to
pull another hair out,the pain was lost in the sensation that the fucking was
giving me.Jess ground back and forth on my face as my tongue slavered up her wet
cunt.I felt my knees being lifted up than my legs were pulled on to Josses
shoulders,the cock slid out,this time I felt the butt-plug pulled out only to
have the cock take its place and the fucking started all over again.I could tell
it was starting to get to her as she was breathing heavy and really fucking my
ass hard,oh lord suddenly Fay got a vibrator and touched it on my cunt,that
drove me to a tremendous orgasm and I flooded out all over her hand.I must have
slowed off working on Jess as my hair was suddenly pulled and my face dragged
hard into her cunt,Josie was still fucking my ass and it took another five
minutes before I found my mouth full of hot juice again.I swallowed it as Josie
screamed and came, fucking my ass hard until it was held off the bed impaled on
the hard cock.

The two of them got off me and once again I had a clear view of me stretched out
on the bed,Fay must have read my mind as I thought what a mess I looked covered
in wet juice she said,"I think we will tidy you up and give you a wash before we
have you again,I bet your hungry for something else rather than pussie,"I
nodded,"Then we will feed you but I warn you,you may find the plates
interesting",I was pulled up from the bed and Bobbie took great delight in
dragging me to the bathroom by my nipple chain.

I stood like a prize cow in the bath while Bobbie and Jess showered me,enjoying
doing anything disgusting to my body.jess had got a soap cock from the wardrobe
and having still got that evil drug in me she fucked me with it making me moan
and move to what ever she did.They dried me and brushed my hair again I felt
like some kind of pet poodle as they dragged me back into the bed room by my
nipples only for me to be greeted with the sight of Fay laid on the bed,legs
wide open and a banana sticking out of her cunt,she crooked her finger at
me,"Come on pet I bet your really hungry,so I expect you to eat it all before
you get your desert".

The others laughed as they dragged me to my next humiliating act,as Fay dangled
one leg off the bed and bent the other wide I was forced to kneel on the floor
and start to eat from her cunt,she lay there, her head propped up on a couple of
pillows watching me,grinning all the time as I ate at the banana.Soon I had
eaten the bit that was sticking out now I was being made to lick up into her
cunt to ream out the rest,if I tried to move a hand would shove my face hard
back down between the spread thighs.She kept me there fucking her cunt on to my
tongue until she joined the ranks of the others who had defiled my face with
their juice.Josie stood infront of Jess and beckoned me to stand infront
too,then she produced a can of squirty cream and covered Jess`s right
nipple,"Lick it off and don`t let any hit the floor or I do this",a stinging
slap from the riding crop caught me between my legs,I would have cried out but I
could see the cream starting to slide and I did`nt want another slap so I opened
my mouth and sucked hard on the nipple only to hear the can spurt another load
on her left nipple and a voice whisper,"Make sure you finish one completely
before you start the other,the rules still apply".I licked and sucked 
furiously, as I could see the other cream moving,Jess`s moans and heavy
breathing`s of pleasure were not helping me as her tit`s moved to my
sucking`s.My mouth just caught the cream as it moved only to hear Josie spray
the first one again,I was moving as fast as I could.Being in a slightly bent
position Fay decided to take advantage of my ass sticking out and I felt the
butt-plug being pushed back up,I was moving quickly only just keeping up with
Josie and her cream as Fay started to fuck the plug in and around my ass making
me squirm.It was the next nipple that I missed and no sooner had the cream hit
the floor that Josie brought the crop up hard between my legs,the pain was to
much and I sank to my knees,"Want another",I shook my head and Josie immediately
squirted it between Jess`s legs,"Then lick that out".

I knelt,now completely at their mercy licking like the  pet poodle I had become,
my tongue pushing up into her cunt licking and moving my head to get at every
bit of cream.The others were moving around behind me but I dare`nt stop to
look,when I did I wished I had`nt as I turned my head I had the sight of both
Fay and Bobbie with long strap-on cocks parading them in front of my eyes,Bobbie
bent and held my jaw,"You`ve sucked pussie enough for a while,lets see what your
like sucking cock,you better make sure their wet as you know where there going
next",I went to plead, to beg them to stop,I had`nt got half the word please out
when Josie trashed my naked ass with the crop,"How dare you speak with-out
permission,get sucking",her next words filled me with fear,"If your a good girl
tomorrow night you will be getting four of the real thing in you,I think our
chemist,you know the one that makes the sex drug thats made you so hot and
horny,well he wants to try out a stronger serum".

I wanted to speak and I could see that Josie was ready with the crop,Fay made a
twirling motion above my head and I slowly shuffled round on my knees to face
them or should I say the two horrid rubber cocks.Fay walked slowly round behind
me and gently flicked the crop on my ass,"Suck them,we want to see how far you
can get it down your throat",she bent and whispered,"I would try and get a least
6 inches in, when you do I will stop slapping your ass with this little
persuader",there followed the usual reminder, a stinging slap on my ass,I shook
my hair back and opened my mouth to take the first of the black cocks.When I
have given a boy-friend a blow-job I usual tickle around the head and suck the
head in just a little but here I was going to have to do what I have only ever
seen in porno films and try and get it in to my throat.I tried to do it slowly
but Bobbie held my head and pushed slowly in,I was breathing hard through my
nose trying not to gag as I felt it close on my wind-pipe,she started to move in
and out,as it moved out and took a quick in take of breath before I felt it
moving in,this went on for about five minutes before Fay wanted a go.Fay fucked
my mouth and to their and my own surprise I could take it,Josie watched and
forgot about belting me as I worked my mouth hard up and down the black
monstrosity,"She's a natural",said Bobbie,Fay chimed in,"The boys will love her
mouth,now lets try out her cunt and ass-hole",she smiled down at me,"At the same
time".

Quickly they lifted me up and beside the bed,Fay got on and lay down the others
pushed me forward and I was forced to straddle her and lower myself on to the
black cock.Bobbie was quickly up behind and I was pushed forward,Fay pulled my
hair down so my face was touching hers,she licked my lips and pulled hard on my
hair until I opened my mouth for her tongue to explore.I tried to relax as I
felt the plug being pilled out and the other cock pushing at my ass-ring,it soon
slipped in and the fucking began.

Jess put her hand under me and pulled and my nippel ring,Fay continued to kiss
and lick me,the fucking was very hard and soon my body began to responed,I
moaned and opened my mouth to let Fay`s tongue enjoy it as I grond  my ass and
cunt down on to the invading cocks,being so aroused I soon came,they kept at me
untill I came again,as they finished,Fay looked hard at me saying,"You fuck
good,lets hope you enjoy tomorrow`s fucking as much".

I lay on the bed total exhausted as the three women left,Fay said goodbye to
them and came back in and looked at me,"I fancy you need some sleep so I will
get you ready for bed",she took me to the toilet and cleaned me up,then back to
the bed,my collar had its wall chain fitted,my ankles were cuffed and chained to
the bottom of the bed,she held the ring gag,I shook my head but she just
nodded,"Crop and gag or just gag",I reluctantly opened my mouth and she fitted
it on,then she covered me in the silk duvet and climbed in beside me.

She put her arm around me and cuddle to me lifted her head to mine and started
to kiss me,pushing her tongue through the gag her hands started playing with my
tits or her hand slid down and started fingering my cunt,"You are gorges,but I
must leave you alone,lets get some sleep pet shall we,tomorrow we will have an
early breakfast,no not like that, some proper food off proper plates,toast
coffee ect,but I will have to feed you,no hands free here,then we will bath
together,have a little fun maybe,I will wash and dry you and you can dry me with
that lovely tongue of yours,then some more fun fucking on the bed before
lunch,then I will make you pretty again, I want you to look your best for Tony
and his two friends and of course the chemist when they come and see you.I have
to go out for the afternoon but I`m sure the boys will take good care of you
while they play with you,I shall miss it, I have to arrange your first little
out of town weekend,you have to pay your way you know and with legs like yours
you should do very well,now get some sleep",she kissed me again and closed her
eyes.

If the gag had let me cry I would have,I thought, 24 hours ago I was planning to
be a model,now I`m a sex slave with no hope of ever escaping,with that thought
my mind and body switched themselves off and I sank in to sleep.The next thing I
knew I felt cold then something pressing on me,I opened my eyes to see Fay
straddled across me rubbing her wet cunt up and down my stomach,"Good-morning
pet,ready for your bath and then food and fun fucking for the rest of the
day",my mouth ached from the gag,I stared at her,I hated what she had made me
become,"Oh naughty pet,should`nt look like that or I will have lots of fun
punishing you,you don`t want a stripped red bum for the boys to see,they may
want to do that and two thrashings a day will hurt you,won`t it my pet,now come
on",she yanked at the nipple chain and I struggled as she hurt,"Do you want to
be punished",I shook my head,"Then I will unchain you and we will have our
bath",she untethered me from the wall and bed,uncuffed my legs and dragged me by
the chain to the bathroom.

What was left of my stocking and suspenders were taken off and we both sat naked
in the bath,she took off my nipple chain,she had two nipple sucker,she squeezed
the black ball and fitted the cup tightly over my nipple and let go. As the ball
reshaped so my nipples were pulled hard out to there full leangth.She lent back
and made me open my legs so she could stick her toe up me,while she admired me
and her handy-work,she used the soap cock on me and would`nt stop kissing me
until I was panting, then we rinsed and got out.She played with the nipple
suckers pulling and twisting them round while she dried my body then I was made
to lick her all over while she lay back against the wall,one leg up on the bath
as I moved round under her licking her cunt and ass untill she had enough,"Come
on pet you can`t satisfy me on an empty stomach,lets eat".True to her word she
made breakfast,me sat tied and naked on a kitchen stool with my nipples aching
to be reliesed but daring not to moan,the riding crop was near at hand. Her
making toast and coffee naked as well,it was just to ridicules,but the relief of
the gag coming off and food to eat over took me,I still obeyed the rule and
did`nt speak only to say yes or no to her silly questions until I had to say yes
when she asked,"Do you want me to fuck you with my tongue while you fuck me with
yours on our big bed",she took me back to that bed,took off the nipple suckers,I
gazed at the length they had been forced out too,Fay took ages sucking on
them,then demanded we 69 each other for about two hours.

It was time for her to get her pet ready to be gang raped,the same happened as
the day before,a shower,the toilet,hair done, make up,this time black silk
peek-a -boo bra and matching black with red trimmed cruchless pants , red
suspenders and sheer stocking with a seam,black ankle strapped high heels,the
ring gag refitted and sitting in the bed room chair,my legs crossed and my hair
swept to the side and cascading down over my right shoulder,she looked at
me,"Perfect,just perfect,Tony will be pleased,don`t you  move or I`ll stripe
you,she refitted the nipple chain,so as my nipples pushed trough the bra holes
and the gold chain daggled across the black,she hadn`t moved the mirror by the
door and I looked like a cross between playboy and bondage weekly and all I
could do was sit and wait as she got her self ready, she was going to leave me
at the mercy of four men to be fucked senseless all afternoon.

I was drifting in to a light sleep when the door outside opened and I heard
voices in the lounge,men's voices, then the sound I was dreading,Fay
shouted,"Bye boys,I`ll be back about nine,don`t make a mess of the flat or
her,Tony you know were everything is,let yourselves out if your done before I
get back,but when you see her I bet you won`t be,"the door shut and the door to
the bedroom opened,"Fucking hell Tony you were not pulling my dick,she a fucking
stunner,look at this piece of shagging Ronny",Ronny pushed past him and stood in
front of me,his hand touched my face before going down and squeezing my
tit`s,"Oh yes are we going to have some fun with you".

I looked at them,Tony I knew but the others,the one called Ronny was stocky with
a full beard,beady eyed,sweaty and slightly balding the one behind
was,slim,looked a bit Italian with bad teeth,infact his whole head was to big
for his body,it was the third one,the chemist that filled me with dread.A short
fat stumpy little man,a bulbous nose sat in the middle of his ugly face.lank
greasy hair,piggy eyes that had evil hiding behind them,no wonder in made
potions to force woman in to sex.

By now they were all in the room,gathered round me,I looked down only to see
another hand start mauling my right tit,suddenly a hand pushed between the other
two and grabbed the nipple chain pulling me up and forward as a voice said,"Come
on girly lets have you up and ready for action,it`s time to dump our first load
in you",his hand came up and grabbed my jaw,"And I want that pretty little mouth
and god help you if I see any of my tasty cream coming back out of it".

I shook in fear as the chemist spat those last words out,someone pushed him out
of the way Ronny said,"Cool it, we got all afternoon to use her",but Shane was
not being stopped,he moved in front of me"Hello baby, see this",he held a
scalpel type knife in my face,"Fay likes to dress our play things up nice so we
can cut them up,don`t fight it or we cut you",my eyes, now full of tears,watched
the nipple chain being removed then the knife cut my bra strap.

"Don`t waste those tears now girly,there will plenty of time for them when we
sting that purt little ass of yours",They squeezed and pinched my body as the
garments were cut from me,I stood naked infront of them,the chemist squeezed my
cunt lips really hard,"Lets fuck her first then we can try out my new mixture on
her,and while we wait for it to take effect we can give her a good whippin,do
you want my cock in your mouth with or without the ring bitch".I could`nt stop
the tears as I shook my head,"O K with out,any teeth-marks and the whippin will
be your last,it won`t be the first time I`ve beat the shit out of a pretty
little thing, you do as your ordered, understand",I nodded.

I stood there and watched as they undressed,Tony had the best of the bodies I
suppose because he was tall, the other two were fat and sweaty but the chemist
was repulsive,his cock was short but fat and I knew it was my mouth that would
soon have to fit round it and suck until his cum went down my throat.Ronny came
behind me and undid the gag,then he fitted the collar on as Shane brought a
short leather strap from the wardrobe he handed it to Ronny,"Here this will keep
her hands away from her ass",one end fitted the collar the other end snapped on
to the cuffs forcing them half way up my back.

The chemist came back to me,held my jaw forcing it to open then he inserted two
fingers in to my mouth and rubbed them back and forth over my tongue grinning at
me,"Feels nice,lovely tongue,it better tickle the end of my boy while you suck
or it goe`s all the way in and I use your throat as a cunt",Tony caught hold of
him,"Dud leave it out",the chemist swung on him,"It`s Dudley and don`t you
forget it",Tony smiled at the little man,"What ever,Fay say`s she`s not to be
hurt and don`t you forget that,now Ronny get on the bed,she can suck you hard
then sit on it why,Dud,I mean Dudley can fuck her mouth,them me and Shane will
give her one.

The Chemist smiled at me,"You bend over that bed and suck him hard but keep your
legs open while you do it so I can have a taste of you",I turned and stared down
at the man laying on the bed,bent my head and body until my tongue was able to
scoop his cock into my mouth,I tickled it with my tongue until it became hard
enough to suck as I did I felt a head push between my thighs and then teeth bit
at my clit,I wanted to scream but could`nt with a cock stuck in my mouth.

The filthy little man was licking and sucking at me as I sucked the cock
rigid,unfortunately he was good and knew what to do,I was getting wet,my legs
involuntarily open more allowing him more room to search all the parts of my
cunt,he stopped,"She's wet enough to slide down nicely",he got up and slapped my
ass very hard,"Get on his dick girly,time to suck my boy and remember what I
told you",I looked to the others for any sign of pity but Tony and Shane were
just sitting watching me with a drink in there hands.I slide down over Ronny`s
cock and felt it fill me as the chemist got on the bed and pointed his fat cock
at my face,I looked at him but all I got was a look of perverted lust ,I bent
forward and opened my mouth as far as I could just managing to get it in,I did
remember what he had said and started to lick to foul thing as I rocked my head
slowly on it.

Ronny fucked me hard at first then told me to fuck him,I was concentrating on
fucking up and down on his hard cock while my tongue and head tried to keep that
evil bastard from hurting me,much as I got wet I darn`t let myself have any
enjoyment as I knew Dudley was dieing to fuck my throat,I had to keep him happy
at all cost.Ronny was building to fill me and soon Dudley grabbed my head and
started shoving himself into me,oh no they were both going to come at the same
time,first I felt my cunt fill with hot juice as it did he held my head hard on
to his stomach and filled my mouth full,I tried to swallow,my mouth closed
slightly as I did,"Fucking hell she trying to bite me,I`ll show you,you
bitch",he leapt of the bed and made a grab for the riding crop.

Tony moved quickly and got it first,"No,our turn to fuck her and only a little
light spanking after",the chemist looked first at him then at me,smiled and went
and sat down,picking up the crop as he did.

Tony came over to were I was laying on the bed,"Lets find out how tight that
purt little ass of yours is and I hope you can use those cunt muscles to give
Shane a good fuck,at the same time",Shane grined at me as he pushed me aside and
got on the bed and Tony pulled me up and on to another thick cock,it sank in
easy as Shane looked at me, mauling my tit`s and I could`nt help but moan,"I`m
going to suck these tits while we fuck you I don`t fancy your mouth after what's
been in it,maybe I`ll use it later".A hand shoved me forward and his mouth went
after the nipple rings as I felt fingers pushing something wet up my ass-hole
then a weight and something hard.Tony`s cock pushed inside and filled my
ass,Shane lay still, sucking and pulling at my tit`s as Tony fucked my ass,I
felt degraded as my body respond to another fucking,a fucking by men that I wish
I had never meet,no matter how much they made my body enjoy the fucking,I was
still being used for their pleasure, it was still rape.

I bite my lip and fought not to moan or show any sign they were getting to me
but the rubbing of the two cocks in side me was making me so wet,Shane was
starting to cum as I let out a moan he looked at the chemist,"She a hot
fuck,can`t wait to get some of the good stuff down her and have her fuck my dick
like a rabbit,he smiled in to my face as he blew his cum up me,then he lay there
playing with my tit`s while Tony finished fucking me and cuming up my ass.

Even before they got off me the chemist was up and looking in his bag,the look
of pure lust in the other threes eyes was horrid,gloating over me as he pulled a
bottle from the bag,then a hypodermic needle,his eyes were full of excitement as
he put the needle in and sucked the pink liquid up,then he looked at me,for the
first time I spoke,"No no please,I`ll fuck you all,I`ll let you do anything but
don`t put that in me please I beg you no".They all moved towards me and hands
held me tight as he aimed the needle at my arm,"You`ll fuck all right,with
cocks, fingers, dildos, anything,oh yes, nothing will stop you wanting it for
hours maybe days who knows,hold her steady".

I felt the jab,watching as the pink liquid pumped into me,they let me fall back
on the bed as a warm feeling started through me,I was brought back to reality by
the sight of them picking whips, crops and more leather straps from the wardrobe
and circling round me,"Lets warm her up before the real fucking begins".

They stood me up and  Ronny strapped my knees to some weird cuffs while Shane
clipped a strap to the front of the collar and then they bent me so as to clip
the other end to the knee cuffs with my arms half way up my back it left my ass
as a target,my knees were about three inches apart,obviously I could walk but
with difficulty,"No crying or speaking or we hit harder",the first strike hit
home hard, right on the split in my ass cheeks,I tottered forward,wincing with
pain and turned to face my attacker as the second came from another.

They spent the next ten minutes following me around the bedroom hitting and
slapping my cunt,tits and ass as they liked trying to get me to cry out, the
chemist was the worst always catching my nipples or clit and making sure he hit
the hardest.Although I was in pain as this was happening I was aware of a
strange feeling,the warmth that I had felt when they injected me was now a very
hot itch between my legs and I was getting wet,suddenly the chemist put his hand
between my legs and roared to the others,"The bitch is on heat,hold her",he went
to the wardrobe and returned with a set of vibrating cunt balls,he switched them
on and dangled them infront my face,"Will these make that nasty itch go away or
will it make it worse,lets find out,hold her still",I struggled and moaned as
they pushed them up me the sound of them buzzing got deeper and quieter but I
could feel them like an electric shock inside me,they let me go and I fell on
the bed.

The way I was tied still left my ass and cunt in full view to them and they
continued to tickle me,touching my cunt making me jump,I moaned louder as the
thrill factor took over,I was rubbing my legs together to get relief,they
grabbed me.First they took of the strap to my knees then they undid my knees and
held my legs open,the chemist took out the balls and then they just stood there
looking at me,with nothing to help they feeling that I wanted to be fucked was
overwhelming,I risked saying,"Please some-one fuck me,I need it",the chemist
said,"Untie her,give her a toy and let her put on a show for us".I was released
and Tony threw a cock shaped dildo covered in bumps at me,I could`nt help it,I
grabbed at it from the bed and lay back pushing it hard up me and started
franticly fucking myself.With in seconds the feeling was overpowering I looked
at them,"Some-one fuck my mouth come on please use me",Ronny said,"Reckon this
is going to be the blow-job of the year,I`m coming darling,right down your
throat",he stood in front of the bed while I knelt with my legs open shoving the
cock up into me  as I took his complete cock all the way down my throat sucking
at it furously,the others laughed I could hear,"She`ll suck it off"or,"Strap a
blank of wood to his ass or he`ll disappear",I did`nt care,no matter how I felt
with this thick fat cock pumping in to my mouth,no matter how I was letting this
degusting man use me I had to be fucked.

He came,laughing as he squirted his filth down my throat but I wanted more,Tony
came over and I greedily took his cock in my mouth, I sucked him until he was
rock hard then he shoved me to the side and lay on the bed,he grabbed my
hair,"Want it then sit on it",soon I was sitting on it, bouncing up and down,I
could see him laughing at me as I grunted,shaking my head and grinding my hips
into his begging for more and still I could`nt get enough.When I finally made
him cum the chemist was next to have me,he just stood beside the bed with his
short fat cock sticking straight out,"Here,you hot assed bitch back your cunt on
to this",to my own disgust I bent forward and pushed myself back onto his
stump,he stood there while I humped back and forth  fucking myself,he enjoyed
the power of slapping my ass as hard as he could knowing I would need to carry
on fucking myself off on him,I could`nt stop.Shane came to the front and I
immediately took him in my mouth,he held my head with one hand and as he pumped
into my mouth his other hands pinched and squeezed at my tits,the two of them
were enjoying hurting me,they knew I would let them do anything as long as I was
being fucked.By now even my own hands were wanking at my cunt to get as much
satisfaction as I could until I felt the chemist shoot into me and go limp.Ronny
fucked me again,he just laid on the bed and let me degrade myself on his cock
and so did Shane,fucking my ass while Tony finger fucked me,using two fingers up
me while rubbing my clit with his thumb, making me wank him and tickle his balls
while he did.Soon the tired of there game and started to dress,I wanted to feel
shame,disgust anything as I pleaded with them to fuck me again,the chemist said
he had proved his point and they let me have a big vibrator and all laughed at
me as I lay wide legged on the bed pumping the pink rubber cock in and out
fucking myself franticly as they left.

Half an hour later I was still at it as Fay came back,first she was mad at the
fact they had`nt tied me up,I did`nt even realise that I could have escaped,the
sensation of wanting to be fucked had taken all sense out of me.Fay stripped and
stood over me,legs parted knowing I could`nt help but suck her out while she
watched my frantic fingers abuse my own cunt,it was another hour before the
feeling started to disappear and in that time Fay had used a strap on to fuck me
and made me lick her again.By then I was so sore,thankfully Fay took me and
bathed me putting cream on my sore hot cunt lips before feeding me and then
fastening me to the bed for the night,she need`nt have bothered I was so
exhausted I collapsed in to a distrubed sex filled sleep.

I slept the full night and most of the next day,that was yesterday,Fay did`nt
touch me,,just feed me, bathed me again,let me rest but kept me tethered to the
wall.It`s now five,she told me this morning that tonight I was going for a
drive,a weekend away,some people had paid good money to play with me,so here I
am,yes I`m still beautiful,my hair is set in curls,I`m wearing very little,just
enough to excite my buyer but there's a very expensive cape by the door,my face
is clean and fresh it would look like a models if the strong gag would let it,my
arms are fastened tight behind me, hurting me at the elbow and my ankle shackles
have black fur round them,the car is coming at seven and at the moment I`m
looking at a small bottle of pink liquid and a hypodermic needle that is waiting
to go with me,I remember Fay saying that the chemist had told her,if a person
takes enough of this they would be unable to stop fucking,they would want it all
the time,she said I`d be very popular at parties and all I wanted was a job in
London as a model,why have I been so stupid.



                                                               PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





