BDSM Library - Trouble with Aunty




Trouble with Aunty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two abuse twins get their revenge. Evil aunt got what she deserved.
Trouble with Aunty

CHAPTER ONE

Alan and John's nightmare started four years earlier when their parents were
both killed in car accident. It was just after their 12th birthday. Their
parents were the only real family they had and the two boys were taken into care
and eventually placed with foster parents. If the trauma of their parents death
wasn't enough the abuse they suffered by their new "parents" shocked them. Even
the slightest transgression was met with violent beatings. It was following one
such attack that the two ended up in hospital. At the hospital their luck
changed and a vigilant social worker recognised the abuse and had them sent to
the local orphanage.

Life at the orphanage was good for the first few months. Then the sexual abuse
started. The first was from older boys and then the word got round. It wasn't
long before the manager experienced the novelty of having a pair of identical
twins in his bed. Relief came on their 14th birthday when they were called into
the manager's office. The social worker was sat with the manager at the desk.

"Come in boys, sit down", she said. They glanced at the manager who looked
distinctly nervous. After the boys sat down Helen Summers the social worker
opened a large file with their names on it and smiled at them.

"Well boys I have some very good news for you". Alan and John stared at her -
they had experienced her "good news". "We have managed to trace your aunt". She
looked very pleased with herself. The boys looked at her in silence. "We have
been in discussions with her and she is now willing to take you in".  The boys
remained unmoved. "Well aren't you pleased?" Helen looked disappointed at the
boys' attitude.

"We don't remember an aunt", replied John coldly.

"Yes, it says in her letter that she never met you. She says that her sister -
your late mother - and her never really got on".

"When do we go?" asked Alan - as though resigned to yet another nightmare.

"Today", Helen replied. "Your aunt has a small farm in Scotland - I'm sure you
will love it there. If you could get your things together we will leave in about
an hour." Helen closed the file.




CHAPTER TWO

The train journey was at least exciting. It was the first time the two boys had
left London since their parents died. By the time they arrive at the small rural
station it was dark. Helen scuttled around trying to find a taxi and an hour
later they pulled into a ramshackle farmyard at the end of a long valley.

Before Helen could knock on the door Aunt Maureen opened it. "Mrs Ashley?" Helen
asked, "I'm Helen Summers, Social Services. I've got Alan and John with me". The
boys looked up at their aunt. She stood framed in the light from the kitchen
with her hands on her hips.

"Well they better come in then." Her tone was not exactly welcoming. "And you
better get off, that taxi will be costing you."

The twins looked on as the taxi carrying their well-meaning Social Worker sped
away.

"YOU TWO - GET INSIDE," shouted their aunt. "Your bedroom's at the top of the
stairs on the left, now MOVE"

The two boys ran past her and up the stairs.

She shouted up the stairs at them "GET STRAIGHT TO BED YOU WILL BE UP AT 6".

Maureen Ashley was their mother's younger sister. She was not bad looking for 32
but always preferred her own company. He was about 5' 2", not too fat but with
very large breasts. She like cats and the rundown farm ran wild with them. When
her sister died she inherited two properties in London from her which she
promptly sold and bought the farm in Scotland. She had enough money put away to
make her financially independent - not that she spent much on either herself or
the farmhouse. When she was contacted about the twins her first reaction was to
tell the social service to get lost. Then she thought it might be useful to have
someone to tidy things up. The boys would be 16 in two years and then she could
kick them out.

In the weeks that followed Alan and John began to realise that the orphanage was
not such a bad place. Here they had to be up at 6 every morning to feed the cats
and to make Maureen her breakfast. Then came the house chores that had to be
done before they cycled 12 miles to the nearest town to school. Once home the
dinner had to be made, more chores and then they were packed off to bed about 8.

All this was interspersed with beatings and curses. In fact they were convinced
their aunt took some sadistic pleasure in beating them. Smacking their bare
backsides seemed to be her favourite. No matter what they did it wasn't good
enough. There always seemed to be some excuse for dragging one or both of them
across her knee and pulling their pants down.

On one occasion just before their 15th birthday Alan dropped a bottle milk on
the floor of the kitchen - there was glass and milk everywhere. Alan panicked.
"I'll clean it, I'll clean it", he shouted as he dropped to his knees mopping up
the milk and glass.  Maureen stood with her arms folded across her chest and
watched as he cleaned the floor.

When he'd finished she sat down by the kitchen table with a garden cane in her
hand. "Pants off", she said smiling. With tears rolling down his cheeks Alan
dropped his jeans and shorts down to his ankles. His aunt looked scornfully at
his small flaccid prick. Grabbing him by the arm she dragged him across her
knee. "What have I told you about clumsiness", she said calmly as she lay stoke
after stroke across Alan's behind. Angry red welts formed quickly as the boy
screamed out. John was hiding upstairs with his hands over his ears.

When she was satisfied she let Alan get to his feet. As he bent down to pull up
his pants she noticed his prick - it was rock hard and was standing out a good
7".

"YOU DISGUSTING BOY", she screamed and lashed out with the cane. It struck
Alan's prick right in the middle. He let out an ear splitting scream and dropped
to the floor clutching himself. Instantly she realised she may have gone too
far, her tone softened. "On your feet now get to bed ". Alan stumbled up the
stairs where he fell into the arms of his brother. The bruising from the beating
and the lash across his prick kept him in bed for three days and John brought
him food and tea whenever he could. "We'll get the bitch don't worry Alan, we'll
get her". Alan turned into his pillow and smiled.

Maureen didn't acknowledge their birthday but they celebrated by taking their
passports and birth certificates down to the local bank. The manager was very
surprised when he checked their account. His patronising attitude turned to
fawning when he saw the balance. "Well I'm sure we could open up two current
accounts for you in a couple of days". "The joint account we have will do", they
said in unison. "What we really need is a debit card".

Every evening from then on they lay in bed making their plans. Their aunt hadn't
realised that they would be finishing school completely in three weeks just
before the long summer holidays. They played along with this. Then she announced
she was going away to Spain for a fortnight. I couldn't have worked out better.




CHAPTER THREE

The day she left the two lads went down into town and bought the best PC they
could find. The assistant was highly sceptical until he did the credit check. 
The PC was delivered the next day and phase 2 of their plan went into action.
They spent day after day trawling the Internet to find and buy the items they
needed. A few days later the deliveries started to arrive.

The day before their aunt was due to return they went to the supermarket to
stock up with groceries and bought two bottles of her favourite red wine. The
rest of the day was spent tidying the house and yard ready for her arrival. As a
precaution the PC had been hidden, as had the deliveries. They didn't want her
inspecting the room and finding them.

Later the next evening about 8 the taxi arrived and aunt was dropped off. "ALAN,
JOHN GET THESE BLOODY CASES NOW" she hollered. The two lads ran from the house
and hauled the heavy cases inside. "We've cooked your favourite meal," said
Alan, "Roast Chicken".

"I bloody hope so that Spanish food was crap". She threw her coat into the hall
and settled in front of the television. Alan hung her coat up while John served
her meal on a tray. The large glass of wine by the plate had two "date rape"
pills dissolved in it.  "Do you want anything else Aunt Maureen", John said.

"No leave my cases until tomorrow you can wash everything then. Now get to bed".
She turned towards the television.

"As if", John thought to himself, "you won't be needing that lot again". He
smiled as he walked up the stairs.

"How long do you think" said Alan

"Not a clue", replied John "Let's give it about an hour".

20 minutes later they heard a crash and froze. They listened intently for
several minutes before tiptoeing downstairs.  Their aunt was unconscious and had
slipped off the couch. The tray with the remnants of the dinner had made the
noise as it crashed to the floor.

It took several minutes to carry her up to her bedroom. Pulling back the sheets
they laid her down on her back and stood and stared at her. They looked at each
other and smiled then turning towards each other gave a whoop as they did a high
five.

The white blouse came off first. Using scissors they cut up each arm carefully
to the neck and then up the front. The plaid skirt was next. They could have
slipped it off but cutting it away gave them so much more fun. The long white
slip cut easily and after they had removed her shoes and tights they looked down
at her as she lay before them.

"Leave the rest on as we agreed?"

"Yes" replied Alan "I want her to be awake when we take them off. Anyway well
need the pants on to stop the vibrator falling out".

John went to get the vibrator. It was about 6" long and was powered by a
transformer connected to the mains. That way there was no chance that it would
stop. When he returned he gave it to Alan with the KY. "I think you should do
the job, I'll do the rest".

While John cuffed her hands to the headboard Alan greased up the vibrator. He
moved the crutch of her panties to one side and slipped it in. Then making a
small hole in the panty crutch with his knife he connected the lead to the base
of the vibrator and plugged the transformer in.

Her hands secured, John put the leather straps round her ankles. The straps had
a short chain attached to them which he fixed to the pillars on either side of
the bottom of the bed. This spread her legs wide and tight enough to make her
body taught. Alan took the ball gag and inserted it into her mouth. It took a
few minutes to get the strap adjusted at the back of her head but eventually
they were both convinced the gag was there to stay.

Finally they covered her up with the sheets and switched out the lights.

"Whoops, nearly forgot", said Alan as he re-entered the room and switched on the
vibrator. A deep buzzing noise could just be heard as they left chuckling to
themselves.

"Up at 6 John?" asked Alan smiling.

"No, think 9 or 10 will do. After all we've no housework to do tomorrow."

The two lads laughed themselves to sleep.




CHAPTER 4

About 8 next morning they were wakened by muffled noises and rattling sounds
from their aunt's bedroom.

"Sounds like the bitch is awake, fancy taking a look?" Alan smiled as he looked
across at his brother.

"Well its going to be a busy day, what say we have breakfast first?"

The lads padded downstairs and started cooking bacon and eggs.

Upstairs Maureen was writhing on the bed. She was desperately trying anything to
get that infernal device out of her body but her cuffed hands and manacled feet
restricted her to only the smallest of movements. In spite of herself she had
already climaxed more times than she had done in her whole life. The bed was
soaked with cum from her cunt. "When I get free I'll kill them" she thought. At
the same time she had never been as worried as she was now.

Just before 9 the bedroom door swung open and the two lads stood in the doorway.
Desperately she tried to communicate as the lads walked to either side of the
bed.

"Aunt Maureen, what are you doing in bed at this time you should have been up
hours ago." Alan smiled at her as her gagged face turned towards him. John took
hold of the sheets and pulled them off the bed.

"Now that's not very hygienic is it. Going to sleep in your underwear. And
what's going on here?" John looked at her wet panty crutch and the huge damp
patch on the bed. "Aunt Maureen you've wet the bed you dirty little girl."

"I think she should go to the bathroom Alan lets get her ready". John went to
get the belt and the collar while Alan got the scissors from the dressing table
drawer.

Maureen looked bemused as the too lads fed the belt underneath her back at the
waist and buckled it tightly just below her belly button. The belt had two steel
cuffs attached to it one on each side. Next they fitted the collar round her
neck. It was a dog's collar.

"Now we better get you out of these wet things hadn't we?" said Alan as he moved
towards her bra with the scissors. She tried to scream but the ball gag worked
well and a garbled low noise came out instead. Slowly he cut through each of the
shoulder straps and finally through the thin strip of material at the front
between those huge tits. Taking hold of one of the cotton cups John tugged hard
and pulled the bra from under her back.

"Nice tits" they said together as their hands explored them and her erect
nipples.

Alan then cut through his side of the wet panties and then passed them over to
John who did the same. Maureen was stupefied she couldn't believe this was
happening. What were they going to do to her? Alan unplugged the lead to the
vibrator and as John removed the panties it slipped out of her cunt and lay
glistening on the bed.

Maureen seemed to relax slightly as though a great torment had suddenly ceased.

Realising that she would struggle they fitted the lead to the collar and tied it
to the headboard.  Then taking each hand in turn they undid the handcuffs and
forced it into the cuff on the belt. She did try to resist but against the two
lads she stood no chance. Next the feet. They connected her ankles together with
a short chain before releasing them from the poles at the end of the bed. When
John got off her she started bucking and thrashing like a demented horse. They
let her. With her neck firmly attached to the bed head she wasn't going
anywhere.

After a few minutes thrashing she quietened down only to start up again as they
approached her.

"Get the leash John and drag her into the bog"

John undid the leash and pulled her off the bed. She soon realised if she didn't
follow she would choke. The lads were laughing uncontrollably.

"Look at those fucking jugs", they said together staring at the melon like
mounds wobbling as she hobbled along as John pulled her towards the bathroom.

Once in there they man handled her to the toilet and sat her down securing the
leash to a small hook fixed into the windowsill behind. She sat there looking at
them. Her eyes were filling with tears. She felt so humiliated. How could these
two brats that she had taken and nurtured treat her so badly?

When Alan took out his knife and held it close to her face her eyes widened with
panic.

"Now you fucking pervert you are going to piss and shit. If you don't..." He
moved the point of the knife toward her right nipple. "I am going to cut this
off"! He gave it a flick with the dull back of the blade. Maureen stiffened and
a muffled sound came out of her tightly gagged mouth.

"You have 10 seconds to start. 10  9  8......"

He hadn't reached 7 before her piss gushed into the bowl. By the time he reached
4 her flushed expression showed she was straining her bowels hard. The first
telltale plop hit the pan just as he counted 2.

"Good bitch" they said together. "That wasn't that hard now was it", John added.

Alan untied the leash and together they pulled her to her feet. The second hook
they had fitted in the bathroom was in the ceiling. Alan climbed on the toilet
and tied the leash to it. He jumped down and again held the point of his knife
to her nipple.

"Now bitch we want you to spread your legs as far as you can because we're going
to wipe your arse and then shave that fucking hairy twat of yours. DO IT BITCH."
He shouted inches from her face.

She spread her legs as wide as they could and John wiped the small amount of
shit of her arse. Alan in the meantime started rubbing shaving foam all round
her hairy mound and between her legs. In a few minutes her cunt was as bald as
the day she was born with her long slit and cunt lips on full view.

"Right now we need to get you dressed," said John. Alan climbed up and untied
the leash and they dragged her into her bedroom. Thank God she thought at least
I wouldn't feel so ashamed and vulnerable. She also realised they would have to
undo her handcuffs to get her dressed. She could try to escape. As she stood
waiting by the bed John lifted each foot and put on a black shoe with three-inch
heels. These weren't her shoes she thought as she struggled to balance.

"There we are you're dressed. That was easy wasn't it"?

Surely they couldn't mean that they were going to have her walk around naked in
heels all the time?

Her question was soon answered. "From now on" said Alan looking straight into
her eyes, "that's all you wear".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marchmen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





