BDSM Library - Nite Club




Nite Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One night out to a night club let him to know more about his raunchy girlfriend.
Nite Club

One night I decided to go out with Chloe. When I turned up she looked amazing. I
got horny just looking at her. She came down the stairs in a tight little skirt,
ending just above the knee. It's rare for Chloe to wear a skirt, so I really get
a thrill out of it when she does. She's got amazing thin legs, fantastic hips
and a sexy pert ass.

So here she came, and she knew she was turning me on - just to see her. She was
wearing a little pair of sandal shoes, with a nice heel on them, further toning
her legs, and lifting up her sexy ass. Also she was wearing an anklet - and
there is something about anklets, which turns me on a great deal.

I knew also that under that skirt, Chloe would be wearing a dirty little
g-string - as she'd have to with the tightness of the skirt. Another thing that
I knew, knowing Chloe, is that under there would be no ordinary thong, it would
be lacy, raunchy and sexy. Probably black. I nearly didn't want to go out!

Also as she came down the stairs, I took in the fact that she was wearing a
tight top, cut low, to show off her cleavage. She knew how much I loved her
cleavage, and her firm tits, so this was an added treat for me. Her big tits
bounced as she came down the stairs. I took this all in with my first glance,
and knew I was in for some night. She looked amazing.

And she knew it - I could tell by the way she was looking at me that she
appreciated just what she was doing to me. I knew she was doing it on purpose.
Man did she look good.

So we went to the pub, and many times throughout the night, I caught guys
looking at her ass. I could see them comment to their friends on it. I was so
proud, and was seriously enjoying flaunting her around. I even caught some of
her own male friends looking at her.

So we were having a great night - and were very drunk. We were flirting away
like mad with each other, and when we could, we were making private little
comments about what we were going to do to each other when we could. Even just
by talking to me - and suggestively saying certain things, Chloe was getting my
dick hard. I loved it. I knew she did too - she always liked to talk dirty.

So we headed off to the club - there was a good size group of us - but for some
reason we got separated and the two of us ended up there before everyone else.
Chloe needed to go to the toilet, so I walked with her.

The club was incredibly crowded - it was a busy Saturday night. We made our way
downstairs, and the first toilet we came upon happened to be a handicap facility
toilet. All this time we were still flirting with each other. Now this toilet
was around a corner from the main floor, and out of view - other than to people
who were passing. At that moment, nobody happened to be passing.

Chloe went to the door, and turned to me. "Wait here for me", she said, "Unless
that is you want to come in here and join me?" She was looking at me
suggestively. She pushed out her leg a little bit, so that her skirt rode up,
showing me some of her firm thigh. I was so horny, but hesitated for a moment,
as the place was so public. But I couldn't resist - the girl is a sexual angel,
or devil if you want, well whatever, she is the best - you don't pass up an
invitation from this girl.

So I followed her in. It was a good size room - room enough for us to move
around in. We literally had room to walk around - you could fit 15 people in
there. We knew that regular clubbers used this toilet - despite the fact that it
was handicap facility - everyone used it. It didn't matter to us though - we had
the door locked.

We didn't bother with foreplay - we didn't need to. I had been rock hard all
night, just from being with the sexy thing - in her tight revealing clothes -
and she was wet from all the talk - and from being leered at by guys dying to
have a piece of her.

I turned her around, so that her back was facing me, and I put her hands up on
the wall - bending her from the waist - as if I was a cop doing a search. I
stood back and looked at my prize. Goddamn that was fine.

I loved looking at her fit slender legs - especially when she had a pair of
heels on. I pulled her skirt up roughly, from the bottom, and put it up over her
waist. What a sight - she had on a kind of purple lacy thong. It really was
literally just a string. It was unbelievable - I nearly came there and then
looking at her perfect ass, staring at me, with just a string covering it.

That was quickly pulled off her. I took it all the way down and she stepped out
of it. I unzipped my pants, and dropped them to my ankles. Chloe was really
horny now - I could tell. I knew what her mood was - so I reached around in
front of her, and roughly played with her clit. I rubbed it really hard and
fast. She loved this, and her ass was bucking back against my dick. I knew she
was ready.

So from behind, I took my dick in my hand, and aimed at her pussy. I plunged in
with no trouble at all - Chloe was soaking. I knew she would be. It was amazing.
I looked at her - her skirt up around her stomach, a pair of heels on, bent at
the waist - leaning on the wall, and I felt seriously in control. It was
unbelievable.

Chloe was oblivious to all of this anyway - she was just enjoying being fucked.
She was moaning at me to fuck harder, fuck faster. She loved it. So did I!

I reached around and pulled her top down, and grabbed a big handful of tit.
Having her bent over like that, in all her clothes, fucking her the way I was -
it felt like I was raping her. We were both going on pure animal instinct. She
looked so taut and fit - bent over like that. I'm surprised at how long I lasted
before I came - I guess all the drink of the night helped me!

Suddenly there was a banging on the door! Obviously we had been in there for
ages, and someone was getting impatient waiting outside. We didn't care - in
fact it added to the thrill - here was someone waiting outside - and I was
fucking my little goddess in there. Even over the music I wouldn't be surprised
if they could hear us - because Chloe was moaning, and I was fucking her with
all my might - so my stomach was slapping off her ass.

Chloe was now bent right over, hands up on the wall, and I was ready to cum. So
I grabbed her hair at the bottom, and pulled her head back. This was complete
control. This was the mood we were both in - I wanted to dominate - she wanted
to be used - fucked - cum in - cum on - anything - just used.

So grabbing her head was the final straw. Looking at her like that - her skirt
around her stomach - her heels on - anklet - top all over the place after I had
pulled it down to get at her tit - and her head pulled back by the hair made me
start to cum.

I could feel the sensation beginning in my balls, and it was shooting up from
the base of my dick. I knew it was going to be amazing. I was moaning -
oblivious to the amount of noise I was making. The banging had stopped on the
door - I still don't know if they had heard us and were listening, had heard us
and left, or if they just got tired of waiting and left - but the banging had
stopped.

The cum shot all the way up my dick - and to guys out there who know the feeling
- just at the peak - at the tip as it was about to be released - it stopped for
a few seconds. It was brilliant. I was fucking in and out - cum just ready to
shoot, and the sensation was stuck on full blow. Suddenly Chloe, who knew by my
sounds I was about to, begged me. "Cum. Come on baby. Cum in me." This was too
much.

I've never known such a release. My dick went into a spasm. I filled her pussy.
My dick was throbbing around in her for about a minute. It was amazing. I was
moaning and groaning, Chloe was kind of laughing - in a real sexed up horny way
- knowing how much she had satisfied me.

Finally I was fully spent. I could feel how soaking she was - my dick was
soaking with her juices and my cum. I stayed in there for a few seconds.
Suddenly Chloe took my dick in her hand and released him from her tight pussy.
The feeling of her hand on me made me semi hard for a second. "Down boy" she
teased! She really was something special.

I cleaned up, and then I sat down on the toilet and watched as my sexy
girlfriend fixed herself up. Watching her put on her tiny g-string, and pull
down her skirt nearly made me fully horny again - alas it was too soon for me!

Her tit was still sticking out of her top - from where I had pulled the top down
- so she came over and ordered me to put it back in. She was very firm in the
way she said it. "Fix me up baby. Put my tit back in my bra - you took it out -
you put it back. Now baby."

I knew from this, that when we got home that night, I would not be the one in
control. It was her turn. But that's another story...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





