BDSM Library - Wishes




Wishes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man wishes for his wife to make him her slave, he get way more than he wants. As the saying goes Be careful what you wish for!!!
WISHES

	Author
	UbisSub

	My wife and I have been playing with the BDSM lifestyle for years. We
stuck mostly to the Bondage side of things, as neither of us was much into pain. 
Well at least that is what she thought.  We would take turns on who would be the
bottom, a position she preferred.  She was very passive person and only played
to make me happy. Me on the other hand had always secretly wished to try all
parts of the lifestyle. So one day I told her; I wished you would make me your
slave. I wished you would be one of those Mistresses who would make me worship
your pussy and make me serve you orally for hours at a time, even after we had
made love. I told her I wish you would turn my ass into your personal playground
and then have her way with it spanking and fucking it till she was satisfied. 
She laughed and said I am not really into this Hon, I play for your enjoyment
and because I love you.

	As the years went on, I asked her to read articles on the BDSM
lifestyle. Most of the articles were on Mistresses and the things they would do
to their slaves.  She never really seemed interested, but did it for me. This
last year I started noticing she was enjoying the play and the power she had
over me much more.  She would never really get to rough, but she was getting
into it allot more and trying lots of new things.  I was guessing she was mad at
me; because I was away on business allot this year. So when she had me to
herself, she made sure I was hers.  One day I got this bright idea, maybe if I
played a hard Dom that would snap her into things.  She seemed to be really
getting into the whole thing allot more and the timing seem to be right.  So one
day I went for it, my plan was simple I would be merciless and torture her until
she could not stand it anymore and we will just see what happens.

	Friday night I came home and made an early dinner, as I loved to cook
and was good at it. During dinner, I asked my wife if she wanted to play
tonight?  She said yes almost instantly. She must have been really horny; she
never says yes that quickly. She asked me if I wanted to be top or bottom? I
said Top and then we could switch, she said that would be fine. She got up to
make us some drinks and we toasted to the nights play. About 15 mins later I
told her I'd be right back! When I came back, I ask her if she was OK? She said
fine why? Well something went right though me I have never been cleaned out like
that before and she just laughed! You still want to play? I smiled and said I am
fine now, yes!!

	Around 8.00 we started. I tied her up spread eagle facing me and started
to play. First I took out a pair of new nipple clamps, the alligator type and
each had 2 ounce of weight attached.  Those look painful? I smiled and kissing
her. I started to rubbing her beasts, kissing down her neck and sucking on her
nipples to make them hard. I loved her nipples, so perky and big. I loved to
suck on them, so I enjoy them for a while.  I also knew it would make her very
hot and horny.  I put the nipple clamps in place and she moaned. I could tell
they would do the trick.  I said wait until they are on awhile, they will feel
like the weight a pound.

	Next I showed her a new whip.  Wow! A Pussy Whip? My first thought was
how do you know what this is, but I blew it off knowing she had been reading
some of the articles. Yes a pussy whip? This should heat things up down they a
little. I whipped her pussy, till she begged for me to stop. Please Hon! Please!
It is too much, please!  Shhh? You will get No mercy tonight and continue for
another 5 mins. Next I showed her a new dildo, a 7.1/2 inch long high-speed
vibrator. Wow! All these new toy for me? Yes and there are more? Then I produce
another 7-inch vibrator and 5 inch vibrating butt plug.  I smiled at her and
lubed up both the 7-inch vibrator and vibrating butt plug. I put 7 inch one deep
inside of her pussy and butt plug in her ass and turn them both on. It did not
take long for the 2 vibrators to do there magic, as she was already hot from me
sucking on her nipples and whipping her pussy. Hon! Please stop and take them
out, it is too intense please!! 

	I laughed and turn both of them up. No Mercy tonight my pet! Oh god! She
exploded into her first of many orgasms. Then I grabbed the 7 1/2 high-speed
vibrators and placed at the top of her clit. HON! Please take it away it too
intense, Please! I just turn it up. She started to Cumming again and pleaded
with me to take it away again. Judging by the look on her face, it was way too
intense.  Her second orgasm seemed to intensify 10 times and judging by the
screams and moans she was let out it was way too intense.  Her body stiffens up
so tight I thought she was going to snap in half and the orgasm lasted well over
a minute.  When her orgasm subsided she could hardly breath. She pleaded with me
to free her and remove the vibrators. I smiled evilly and just said, NO don't
think so!!! I am begging you; I can't take anymore it to intense?  Please, Oh
god!!! Her body went into convolutions as she orgasms over and over.  I had
never her seen anything like it or her cum so hard. Normally I would have stop,
but that is not the plan now was it.  Hell we had only been playing for an hour
or so.  I laughed at her and with an evil grin on my face produce a ball gag and
gagged her. This is far from over my love.  I watched her for about 30 minutes
as I let the vibrators have they way with her! She was convulsing into one
orgasm after another, each time her orgasm came quicker and harder.

	The vibration of 3 vibrators, one on her clit, inside of her pussy and
in her ass had to be intense and finally I removed the ones from her clit and
pussy. I could not wait to eat her pussy, as her juices were flowing out of her
like water from the mouth of a river.  I loved to eat her pussy and dove right
down between her legs to taste her love nectar.  The instant my tongue touched
her clit she orgasm again.  Her pussy was now so sensitive, that if any part of
it was touched it set off an orgasm.  I kissed my way up her body and when I got
to her nipples pulled off her nipple clamps and she screamed, but the gag caught
her screams and turn them into moans.  I removed her gag and kissed her
passionately and rammed my dick into her pussy, it was on fire, hotter then I
had ever felt it and it was so wet I slide right in. I started hammer in and out
of her hot juicy pussy, she had 2 more massive orgasms. Her last one, setting
off my own orgasm and I let go of the biggest and hardest loads of my life.  She
was spent and her body just went limp.  I held her tightly in my arms and kissed
her lip slowly and passionately again. I removed the last vibrator from her ass
and untied her. I told her I loved her for letting me have her as my slave and
asked if she wanted to make me her slave in the morning? I told her I wished she
would dominate me just like that.  She lay there quite for a while! She was
completely spent and I thought the night was over.

	Was I wrong!! About 30 mins later, she rolls over on top. She kisses me
and looked right into my eyes! I want to make you my slave right now? Are you
sure? Don't you want to rest? NO!  I am fine.  She told me to get on my knees in
the center of the bed.  She left the room for a while and when she came back she
had a large bag of stuff.   She pulled out a set of thigh cuffs and placed one
on each thigh and attached them to each ankle, locking me in the kneeling
position.  Another 2-inch wide leather cuff was attached to each of my ankles,
and then a heavy steel chain was locked with a pad-lock to each of the cuff.
Then she pulled the chain tight spreading me wide open and then locked the end
of each chain in place to each foot of the our King size bed. She then attached
the same 2-inch cuffs to my wrist.  She pulled me over and locked each one in
place to the headboard foot post.  She did not say a word as she put me into my
bondage! When she was done my ass was high in the air, wide-open and very
vulnerable.  Fear started to take over, as we had always used light ropes and
Velcro cuffs. I was now locked in place with pad-locks, heavy chain and had no
way to escape.  She finally broke her silence to ask me if I enjoy myself while
I was having my way with her?  She was running her fingers over my ass and down
the crack to my tight little asshole, as she asked her question. Well my slave I
begged for you to stop over and over and you ignored ME! I will tell you this
slave? You will beg before this night over and you will be IGNORED!!!  The words
were like coming from an evil stranger and added to my fear. This is going to be
the longest weekend of your life and when it over. All of your wishes are all
going to come TRUE!

	I have been reading those articles you gave me allot lately, plus many
more that you do not know about.  I really want you to be my slave and tonight I
am making you just that, my SLAVE!!! The truth be known, we will never switch
position again. All those things you wanted me to do to you.  They are going to
happen tonight and the rest of this weekend, she laughed hell the rest of your
LIFE for that matter!! ALL of them and without any MERCY!!  From tonight on you
will worship my pussy. In fact you will eat more pussy then any 4 men you know. 
Yes you love to eat pussy, but I am going to make sure you are always licking
one and mean always.  Your ass is now my Playground and I am going to beat and
fuck it for my pleasure!!!  Remember this is what you wanted me to do!!  You are
mine to do with as I please. You'll live for my pleasure and to serve me. Me and
anyone else I choose for that matter. That is what you wanted, now isn't it?
YES! What's that old saying? Hmmm, OH yeah! Be careful what you WISH FOR!!!!!
The evil laugh that followed added to my fear, as my wife was now a complete
stranger!

	She sat down in front of me, pick up my head and force it into her
pussy. Now clean the mess you made inside of pussy, every drop of your nasty cum
will be licked and sucked from my pussy.  I knew she meant it, so I did as I was
told. As I licked and sucked on her pussy I could tell she was still very
sensitive, but she knew what she was doing.  It did not take long for her to
orgasm again, when she did all of her juices and my cum flooded out of her
pussy. Don't you dare miss a drop or you will be punished severely and I mean
severely!! There was no way for me to suck up all of the juices as they flooded
from her pussy and she knew it.  If she had been sitting on my face, it would
have been almost impossible to drink all of the juice flowing from her. There
was just too much and it is going everywhere.  She rubbed my face in the mess,
covering my face in our cum.  I said all of it? You disobeyed me and now I am
going to have to punish you severely!!!  I am about to teach you how to punish
someone, as you are a pushover as a Dom!

 	I also have been buying new toys and equipment for this day.  You're
wearing some of it now. This was going to be your Christmas present, but tonight
actions have just moved that up.  She rummages though her bag.  Here it is, do
you like this butt plug? It is about the same size as your dick.  Doesn't
matter, you will learn to love it.  She lubed it up with the juices on my face
and disappeared from sight. Then she rammed it into my ass, this will stretch
your asshole open for me.  It was Hugh and very uncomfortable.  It was
stretching me much wider then I wanted to be.  I always wanted to fuck her in
her ass, but she said my dick was to fat and now I knew what she meant.  I am
going to clean up and refresh myself, don't go anywhere. Wait! What are you
talking about? Please! Don't leave me like this, please!!!!  Wow! The begging
begins already. My slave this night is young and there will be no mercy for you
tonight or this weekend, just like there was none for me and just to show how
serious I am!!! Their was silence and a then a pump sound, then the butt plug in
my ass began to grow even larger stretching me wider open.  Trust me you will
need to be opened much wider to handle my Hugh cock. I was screaming in pain and
pleaded with her to let some of the air out, please! Hon it is to big, please!
She took the gag I use on her and put it in my mouth.  Please no noise and then
she blindfolded me. I need to take a bath and refresh myself for the night. I
heard her walk away.  Then I heard, Silly me, what am I thinking?

	When she came back in she grabbed my balls and felt my cock was rock
hard. Hmmm! Maybe that butt plug is too big, but it seems to be turning you on!
For a guy who has no interest in men, you sure like the idea of getting fucked
by me?  But I know you, so I went and got a special cock just for you.  No men
will ever fuck that ass or should I say my "PUSSY". But you will wish they did,
as most men in the world dream of having a cock as big as mine.  But every woman
I know has one as big or bigger.   That should give you something to think
about. Hmmm! Know what, I don't want you to cum while I am bathing, so I just
tie this little package up nice and tight.  First my balls where tied and then
they were separate and then my shaft tied altogether.  They began to throb
almost instantly.  Someone has been showing her a thing or two.

	She was gone for what seem like hours taking a bath. My ass and balls
were throbbing badly.  I could hear her coming.  When she enter the room she
starts running her finger down the crack of my ass to my asshole and She tells
me she is wearing a pair of black leather boots with 4-inch spike heels, and
they come up almost to the top of my thigh, matching leather gloves and leather
bra that leave my nipples exposed. I know how much my nipples turn you on.  Oh
Yeah! I am also wearing a Hugh strap-on Cock. I want you to have this picture
painted in your head, because this is what I will wear every time I fuck you and
you are punished.

	Do you remember how hot my pussy was when you enter me tonight? No man
should ever enter a pussy unless it is that hot.  So we need to heat up your
pussy.  Without warning the first blow from her riding crop landed right across
the middle of my ass and hit the base of the butt plug, it sent a shock wave
throughout my body and I screamed into my gag, but it fell on deaf ears as it
came out as just a moan.  Yes my slut I hear you moans, I knew you would enjoy
this!! She laughed don't moan too loud yet, it's only just starting to get good?
She hit my ass over and over! It was on fire and I was screaming in pain. 

	She reached down to feel her handy work and was very pleased; oh this is
so hot and so ready to be fucked.  A pussy should also be as wet as mine was
before you try and fuck it! Oh well! Thank god for good lube!  I felt the butt
plug shrinking and it was pull from my throbbing ass. She started lubing me up
and I could tell she was pleased at how wide I was opened, she put one, then 2
then 3 of her finger into me and lubes me up really well.  I am going to fuck
you very hard and without any mercy, but I don't want to damage you. The lube
will make you easy to enter and make sure of that. You're a big man, so I am
guessing you have a big pussy or you will after tonight. A big sloppy pussy just
likes most sluts, because you are going to become my slut. Fucked all the time,
like sluts are. I felt the head of her cock at my entrance to my ass and it was
Hugh. Oh! What am I thinking? You supposed to have your cock sucked, before you
fuck. Isn't that what you always tell me? Beside, I want you to see just how big
my cock is. 

	As she came around the front of me, she removed my blindfold.  She picks
up my head and looked into my eyes. I could see her bra and her exposed nipple,
and then all 9 inch of her cock and it was thick.  My eyes popped out of my head
and I pleaded with my eyes for her not to do this.  Don't give me your puppy dog
eyes! But my puppy soon you will be! I am going to remove your gag and don't you
dare beg, understood? I nodded yes! Now give me a blowjob and it better be good
or I beat that ass again.  She removed the gag and feed me her Hugh cock.  I
could barely get my mouth around it and she pushed it deeper into my mouth. 
Slowly she work it in, suck on my cock you slut. My slut, I love the sound of
that. Hey! You're not doing a very good job.  What the matter, to big and she
laughs. I wanted a bigger one, but the Mistress training me said you could not
handle more.  She suggested just a 7 inch one to start, but I said you would be
a hard one to break.  So she went with me and picked this monster just for you,
said this would tame any man. Beside! I heard you say you wish you had a cock
that was 9 inches long and 3 inches in diameter. Another wish you are going to
be sorry you made! As now you have one, only it going to be use on your pussy
and not mine!

	Oh yeah that's right, you did not know I have been getting trained. Lots
more surprises my salve, lots!  So let me tell you the reason I wanted this
monster cock.  As I fuck you with this monster stretching and tearing your
asshole apart, it will steal a piece of your soul and break your sprit.  You
will become more mine with every stroke, living only to please me hoping I will
show your ass some mercy.  I would not bet on that if I were you Slave.  I know
you Hon; you think this is just for tonight. Let me make this clear, you are now
my slave FOREVER!!!  Those pad locks on the chains should tell I am not playing
and when we get done fucking you will know.  She made me suck her cock for 30
minutes.  When she pulled it out, she said she was disappoint I could only get
half in my mouth, but don't worry. Part of your daily training would be to give
me head and you'll learn to take every inch of me in your mouth.  But we will
have that conversation later, on to the busy at hand.  Oh I forgot something,
she reaches into her bag and pulled out a small, but thick cock that was in fact
a gag and gagged me with it.  I don't want to hear your screams and scream you
will, as I rape your ass without MERCY!!!!!!

	She mounts me in a single motion; she slowly slides the head into me
stretching me wide then before, I feel like I am being torn in half. Inch by
inch and without mercy she pushes deeper into me, stopping after a couple of
inch and pulling out slowly till just the heads in and then she slowly pushes
back in a little deeper each time; repeating the process until every inch of
this monster is inside me, stretching and tear me apart. Oh god! This is one
tight pussy? It wont be after tonight!  She again slowly starts trusting in and
out of me, every so slowly she increased the rate of speed she is moving in and
out of me.  She torments me, the whole time with her words! You know, I almost
feel bad? You gave me the best night of orgasms in my life. Considering what I
have been doing and who I have been with the last 5 month that is saying
something.  Your reward for this is to be beaten, fuck with monster cocks and
totally enslaved. But if you are real good, we will let you cum tonight. You
know you're a push over as a Dom and you rightful place is as my slave.   We
will show you sadistic in a way you never thought of.  She kept saying WE and my
mind was racing in fear and the pain in my ass was overwhelming.

	The outside of my ass was on fire and now the inside felt like a truck
was being driven into me. She starts hammering my ass, just like I hammered her
pussy only hours ago.  It seemed like a good idea then. Now my life would be
changed for every.  She laughs as she fucked me without mercy. I bet that cock
of yours is throbbing really badly and you want to cum? She was so right, it
just kept growing against its binds, just getting tighter and tighter. I had
forgotten about my cock, because the pain in my ass was just growing stronger
and stronger, but now I had to deal with my throbbing cock and screaming ass.
She assaulted my ass for over 30 minutes.  When she was done there was nothing
left of my ass or me?  She pulled out and my asshole did not close. She laughed;
now that is the pussy of a slut, big and sloppy.  Well slut now for your last
surprise!

	By now you have heard me say WE enough that you know there is some one
else here! Hi baby is he ready? Oh yes my love his ass is all yours. With that
my wife whispers into my ear this is my new Mistress and lover; you will be OUR
SLAVE!! You will call her Ma'am and now she going to fuck you with all 10-inch
of her cock and can she fuck! Without a word my ass is filled with what feels
like a whole tube of KY Jelly and she rammed her monster into me. I tried to
stop her from entering me, but with the lube she just pushed her cock right in!
There was nothing left and yet my ass was being assaulted again.  I screamed
into my gag, but only moans left my mouth, you see he loves it listen to our
slut moan. They were screams of horror and pain coming from me, but as the gag
muffled them. It fueled her lust and she pounded me even harder!  My wife
continue the taunting; Remember Hon, another of your wishes.  You, me and
another woman. I feel like a genie, as I have granted wish after wish this night
and her laugh was pure evil.  You are going to serve us the rest of your life
and your going to learn to love it!  You'll live for our pleasure and serve us. 
You'll be eating our pussies all the time and while your eating one the other is
probably going to fuck you. We are going to torture your cock and balls to the
point you'll beg for us to remove them so we cant torture them anymore, you can
bet that not going to happen. You'll be punished for every little thing you do
wrong. Well slave aren't you going to thank me for granting your wishes, her
word were pure evil and the assault continue. 

	Her Mistress said he could answer you, But he has a gag in his mouth so
take it out? Yes Ma'am! Slave answer her! Yes Ma'am!  Thank you Hon for make my
wishes come true!  You will call he Mistress from now on, understood? Yes Ma'am!
Fuck that slut's mouth and teach him a lesson, without a word she feed me her
cock.  Ma'am hammers my ass and tells me she would continue to until I got every
inch of my wife cock in my mouth. I am chocking on my wife cock and Ma'am is
hammering my swollen ass now. The assault last till I pass out.  I am woken and
Ma'am tells me how much she is going to enjoy training me and I am going to need
lots of training.  She kisses me and plays with my throbbing balls. These are
mine now and so are you; remember that and we will get along fine. She squeezes
them hard and I black out again. 

	I feel someone untie my throbbing cock. Don't you even think about
cumming or this will start over. My wife unchains me and tells me to roll over
onto my back and chains me back up. I see what she is wearing, I am so turn on
and my cock is throbbing harder then before.  I need relief and she know it.  MY
Mistress is watching so don't do anything wrong.  You love the way I look, don't
you?  Yes Mistress! My cock and Ma'am has stolen your soul and concord you,
hasn't it?  Yes Mistress! You offer no resistant when I chained you back up. 
You know you belong to Ma'am and me now, don't you? Yes Mistress. Time to talk,
then if you good, we will take care of your little dick.  She kisses me
passionately, such a good slave, I do love you and in time I am sure Ma'am will
too. Now it is time to discuss the rules.

	First. You never tell us NO. The word No leaves your mouth and that will
cost you 12 lashes and that is for every No.  If another Mistress is around they
will get to give you 12 lashes as well and seeing as Ma'am will be around allot
it will be double almost daily. That should fix your need to say NO.  Two. First
thing in the morning, you will groom our pussies' daily for 20 mins, we will be
woke up by you licking and sucking on our pussies.  Hmmm now that is the way to
be woken up.  Three. If you see a pussy, you will eat that pussy or any other
pussy for that matter. Whenever you mouth touches a pussy, expect to be there
for a long time {exception morning grooming}.  Yes my slave you will be my pussy
best friend and worship it, the rest of you days.  Four.  Your ass is now our
pussy and any other woman we want to give it to.  Yes other woman beside Ma'am,
I know you don't like man and that will be respect by me always.  My Sweet
slave, do not break any of these rules, ever.  Tonight is just the beginning on
how hard things can get.

	Now are their any hard limits you want. These are things you don't want
to do. We really should have had this talk before I fuck you, but seeing as you
are my husband, who I do love and I know you trust me. I did not think it was
necessary.  Remember I already know NO men. That right!! No men period!!!   OK I
knew that, Agreed. That is 12 you owe me! What? You said No and that gets you 12
lashes. Anything else? I am guessing you are planning to bring other woman in
besides Ma'am, why? Because it pleases us and that is all you need to know. I
don't want there to be other woman. A little late for that as you have Ma'am
now. Well now more then one other! Ok Ma'am, me and 2 other agreed! No I meant
you, me and Ma'am and no others. That's 24 you owe me. Ma'am, Me and two other
woman is my offer, do you accept slave? I am silent; call it a protest and a
stupid move.  She reaches for my balls and squeeze them hard. Yes! OK Please
don't hurt me no more!!!  Shhh; Anything else?  No bondage session for more then
a full day. OK I agree! 24 hours is the longest I will keep you tie up and that
is 12 more, wait I was not saying no to you. That is 12 more, you owe me 48 now!
Wow did not know this would be this fun.  Please! I can't take anymore tonight
my ass is throbbing inside and out. Oh we know that, but we give them to you
next time or wait till next weekend and you do know that is double, as Ma'am was
here when you said NO! Yes Mistress!  That is a good boy!

	Now on to the last thing of the night, you still want to cum? Yes, oh
yes!  Ok my pet we will make you cum, you did much better then we thought you
would and you do deserve a reward. With that She mounted my rock hard dick and
Ma'am sat on my face and tells me to eat her. Oh by the way your not allow to
come before I do? That was going to be hard to do, as my wife pussy was still
wet and hot. I have been ready to cum for well over 2 hours now.  My wife seemed
to be energized by the whole thing. She rode me till I explode deep inside of
her. Oh my pet I forgot to tell you rule five. Rule Five? Yes my pet; if you cum
in my pussy, you eat my pussy and that is any pussy you cum in.  You will suck
it clean, because you know how much sluts love cum.  Your going to become the
biggest slut I know. Ma'am was pissed now you have to clean her pussy and I am
not satisfied. That is going to cost you big. First you will eat her pussy
clean. Without another word she mounted my face and made me eat her pussy clean. 
How does it taste? I am silent. I ask you a question? Not bad, salty. She
laughs! Well it will taste different, eaten from different woman. As we all
taste different and when mixed with you're cum you get different favors and you
are going to become an expert on pussy favors. When I was finish eating her Ma,
am sits back down on my face and tells me I had 10 mins to make her cum or
tomorrow she would fuck me all morning.  I licked and sucked her hard and fast
and she came hard and quickly.  When her orgasm subsided she told my wife your
slave is going to work out fine!

	When Ma'am was done with me my wife rolled down my body and cuddled in
for the night.  Ma'am took the right side my wife the left.  They kissed me
gently and passionately. My wife tells me how much she loves me for being their
slave.  She tells me how much she loved fucking me and cant wait till tomorrow,
as she can wait to do it again.  She never knew how much she would enjoy owning,
using and sharing me, as she always will love me. The switch finally completed
and me with a 2 new Mistress. Her last words were; I hope you liked your Wishes,
as they have been granted SLAVE!!!!


	To be continued




	Chapter II

	Wishes

	THE TRAINING BEGINS


	I woke up first in the morning. The outside of my ass was still on fire
from the beaten! The inside was throbbing uncountable control from the merciless
rape the night before.  All the throbbing had made my dick rock hard again.  I
was still chained to the bed! My wife and her Mistress were sleeping peaceful. 
My wife awoke, as I was trying to move to make myself more comfortable and get a
good look at this woman who turned my wife into a sadist!!! I forgot we left you
all chained up and she started laughing! Better get use to it SLAVE!! Her
laughter wakes up her Mistress! Her Mistress said good morning and planted a hug
a passionate kiss on her as if I was not there! My wife gives me a peck on the
cheek, blindfolds me and goes to the bathroom. Ma'am gives me a soft peck on the
cheek and asks me how her slave was doing! I am very sore Ma'am! I bet my pet,
but we are not finish with you yet! Ma'am why the blindfold? You're still not
worthy to look fully upon me, soon though! Pet is that a hard on! Yes Ma'am! Who
gave you permission to have a hard-on! No one Ma'am! Well we will have to do
something about that right now! Please Ma'am don't hurt anymore, please! Without
a word she gets off the bed, pick up a riding crop and whips my dick with it! I
scream in agony and she laughs! That takes care of that problem.

	Please no more I don't want to be a slave; Please let me go, this Joke
has gone on long enough! Joke! No my pet this is no joke and those chains should
be your first clue! Then the fucking you were given last night should have made
it clear this is for real! I see you are going to be a tough one to Break! Oh I
like that! Ma'am why are you doing this to me? Because this is what you wanted!
No Ma'am not like this! I know pet; but if your going to do something, you have
to do it right! I can see your going to need lots of training! Your training has
begun and there is no going back SLAVE!!! Nor will there be any mercy during it!
Your purpose now is to serve and please us! The sooner you accept that, the
easier this will be for you! My tears rolled freely from my eyes as I sobbed
uncontrollable! Ahhh Poor baby your tears wont stop this and you better stop
breaking the rules! Ma'am I don't know the rules! I know pet, isn't it more fun
learning as you go! Now shhh your Mistress returns!

	My wife came back looked at my tears and mounted my face without a word.
You better start grooming my pussy or do you need to be punished again! No
Ma'am!  She laughs, what's the matter tongue sore, your going to need lots of
training to get that tongue in shape. We have a plan for you to eat pussy for 6
hour straight, now that is pussy worship! You will be pass from one pussy to
another and you better satisfy who ever you are licking or they will get to
punish you.  In fact, that is going to happen next weekend and you not going to
embarrass me in front of Mistress other slaves? I licked and sucked her pussy
clean, it tasted very salty. Slut did you like that taste of my nasty pussy?
It's very salty and bitter Ma'am! She just laughed; another flavor you better
get use to, as our piss will become a special treat for you and you will learn
to love it!

	When I was done licking her, Ma'am dropped her pussy in place for her
grooming! As I licked and sucked her, I felt my dick growing again. Without a
word she forces her pussy tightly on my mouth so I could not ask for permission
and tells my wife to take care of that hard-on! The crop comes down right on my
dick again and I screamed into Ma'am pussy, which seem to make her grin it even
deeper into my mouth. Slut you better not stop licking me. Again T; hit his dick
again, he will learn it takes permission to have hard-on! It almost too much,
but I licked he clean for 20 minutes! She got off of me and says; you do that
very well, but you don't have allot of stamina! We are going to fix that with
training my pet and when we are done you will be able to lick pussy for hours at
a time! She head to the bathroom to shower and left!

	 Please Mistress don't hit me anymore! Shhh it's ok! It's the throbbing
in my ass it just over stimulating me! She laughs; I know why do you think you
are going to be fuck so much!!!! It will keep you on the edge all the time and
your need to cum will be over whelming! You little fat dick will stay hard
getting you in trouble and you will be punished for failing every time! Please I
cant take the 2 of you, it to much! Why are you doing this? Remember you always
wanted to have two women? Another one of your wishes you are going to regret
making, as it going to be more then 2 woman and she broke out into laughter. 
Hon when did you became so sadistic! I started to read those articles and it
made me think about totally controlling you! The more power you gave me; the
more I wanted! The more I wanted you to be my slave!  You created me into this,
as it was your wish for me to be like this! Your wish has been granted and you
will serve me the rest of your life my love, me and who ever I tell you too! 
Understood? Yes Ma'am! You have no idea what a slave is, but your going to
learn!

	I will tell you this! It all started about 6 months ago, I started
talking to people on the Internet in the lifestyle! All of the femdoms I talked
to were very nice and helpful to me! Then I met Ma'am on the net and was
comfortable right from the start, it was like we knew each other for years! I
also found out she lived very close, so we started talking allot on the phone.
She suggested we meet and we did! We connected as soon as we saw each other. The
second time we were together she took me and made me her slave. I thought I
would die when she beat me, but then she fucked me with that giant cock of hers!
The pain was so intense I almost past out and then the pain gave way to pleasure
I never knew! I was hooked and became her slut! The sadistic things she did to
me only just add to my pleasure, after the pain gave way! So I am going to give
you the full experience of that pain and pleasure it can brings! I guess that is
when I became so sadistic! I am not putting you though anything that has not
been done to me! The evil grin that followed was horrifying!

	She told me she knew I want to be a Dom, but I must first lean to be a
sub! You will experience first hand what it is to be a sub or slave! This will
make you a much better Dom, as you will know first hand because you have been
there! Plus subbies cannot bullshit you on his distress, as you know first hand
just how much distress they are in! Plus someone is always bottom to someone in
this lifestyle and I will always be her sub too take when she wants and she
does! She told me once I understand and learn all this, she would teach me to be
a Top/Dom! Well that was 5 months ago and allot has happen! I will spare you the
detail, as you we be enjoying them for yourself very soon! But the rest is going
to seal you faith forever slave! I do love you! Remember that as I make you do
things that will humiliate you, that I will always love and respect you for do
them for me and being my slave! You really are sadistic? Yes the more you hurt
the more I love it, but I will love you for it! Enough talk!

	I am going to unchain you now so you can clean yourself up, understood?
Yes Mistress. Very Good! I was going to talk to you about calling me Hon. No
more and never around my Mistress. You will call me Ma'am or Mistress from now
on, unless I give you permission to call me Hon. Understood? Yes Ma'am!  That is
for your own good, If Ma'am hears you call me Hon again, I'm going to get a
beaten and then your going to get a beaten from both of us. Now go clean
yourself you.  I could hardly move once undone. I was finally free, but was I!!!
I could easily over power her and take back my place, but did I want to? After
all, I did ask for this and wow 2 women.  But never had this in mind; this was
too much and they were way to cruel! There cocks are way to big and they use
them with mercy!!! Hmmm, I better clean myself up and think about this!  I went
in and fixed myself a bath and soak my aching body. 

	My wife comes running into the bathroom very happy.  I have good news
for you; we are all set for Friday. I think to myself, oh joy!  She joins me in
the tub and cleans me from head to toe.  Then rubs me my aching body parts. She
towels me dry and rubs oil all over my body. She applies an ointment into my
swollen asshole; this will help with the swelling and pain. Without warning she
is sucking on my dick! Ma'am do I have permission to get hard! She stops and
tells me; you see you are learning and you can cum too! Call it a reward for
doing so well and Maam's approval of you!!! I am in heaven, I don't last long,
as I have need to cum most of the morning and I have a massive orgasm! Wow this
is what I had in mind! She comes up and gives me a passionate Kiss and all my
cum back! I know we were very hard on you, but this is how it has to be.  Friday
you will meet the rest of the girls.  Ma'am was very happy with you! They are
very hard on man toys.  You will be giving to them for payment of my training
and we will stay the weekend. I am only preparing you for that. Yes Ma'am!

	What if I don't want to go, what are you going to do about it? I will
leave you. What! You heard me, I want this life now and I want you to be my
slave. But if you cannot be my slave I will get someone else. What are you
talking about, what if I make you my slave again? That is not going to happen!
Oh really and why not? She will send someone for me and then for you!!! You know
what my husband forget about me getting someone else! I want you to be my slave
and my slave you will stay forever, fighting that will only make it harder on
you!! You don't want to go before Ma'am that way either! Oh yeah, Why not? Hon
she has loads of money, power and friends, she will ruin your life and then ruin
you! 

	I have been witness to a man who fought his enslavement; it did not go
well for him! He was captured and brought before my mistress! She had his life
destroy, as he lost his Job, house and money!! She then had him raped and beaten
by 4 women for 2 day straight. Then 4 men were brought in and they fuck him for
over a day! He is a very good slave now that he is out of the hospital! He is
reminder of his stupidity daily as his Mistress/wife lets anyone use him male or
female, talk about a slut! Do you want that to happen to you, WELL DO YOU!!!! Oh
you're just saying that to scare me!!  Really, I'll be right back! She came back
and showed me the pictures of the man being rape. I was shocked and horrified at
what I saw in the pictures. My face gave me away, as the look of fear took over
and I stayed silence. I'll ask you again; do you want that to happen to you? No
Ma'am! I very sorry I will be good, I promise!!! I could see her mood change. I
should punish you right now for this little revolt, but we will take care of it
this weekend. I will have lots of help and way more fun!!! NOW finish cleaning
yourself up and get back to the bedroom. I could tell she was pissed!

	I walk into the bedroom to fine here wearing the boots, gloves, bra and
her cock. You said you weren't going to punish me?  I am not, I just feel like
fucking you. On you knees slut and crawl over here and give me a blowjob. You
better get more of my cock in your mouth too this time. I started sucking on her
cock.  I reached up stroking it with my hands to look like I was really into it. 
She was getting off on that and screamed, Yeah slut suck my cock!  I got 6 of
the 9 inches into my mouth and could not choke anymore down. I love the way you
do that, you will make me proud this weekend, I know you will?  She was done
with my mouth and moved in for my ass.  Hmmm! This is going to hurt a little, I
guess I forgot to stretch your pussy open first with a butt plug.  She was
sticking a finger in and lubes me heavily, hmmm not to bad; you did not close up
to much?  I think; hell you ladies fucked the shit out of me last night, go
figure!  My ass was still throbbing badly from the night before and I screamed
in pain as she enters me. She pushes her cock into me slow and steady till it
was buried deep inside of me. I was screaming uncontrollably begging for mercy
and was told to take it slut and be quiet. No restraints to hold me in place,
accept the pictures I saw of the man being rape by 4 women and then 4 men.  I
took it and let her have her way. I was now hers and she knew it!!!

	 She was fucking me harder and harder with ever stroke she took! My ass
was in agonizing pain, but my dick betrayed me and just kept growing as her cock
stimulated my prostate gland and the pain gave way to pleasure. In no time I was
throbbing for relief and could not help myself, I came! I came so hard my body
shock, but was that stupid?  All of a sudden she ask me if I came? Yes Ma'am?
Who told you, you could cum? No one mistress! That is 12 you owe me and let me
tell you slave you never cum without permission, do you understand? Yes Ma'am!
But Ma'am that was not one of your rules, well it is now!!! Oh I am so mad!  She
pulls out of me and yells for me to fellow her! Don't you dare stand up, on you
knees and crawl slut! I am taken to a small room in the house I never go. In the
room is a padded bench. Get up on that now! She locks my wrist and ankle into
place with padlocks. My ass is high in the air and very vulnerable.

	A small 4-inch dildo is in place in front of me. Suck on that now!  She
then straps my head in place so it is gagging me, only to loosen up the straps
till I could free my mouth of all but the last inch!  Oh you going to love that
cock, as it grows! You will suck on it till you make it cum! It is the only
thing you will get to drink while on that bench.  She pulls out a small bucket
and pisses in it and then she pours a very large glass of water in filling it up
the bucket and place it back in the bench! When I come home that bucket better
be empty or you will spend tomorrow on my bench of training, understand! I tried
to answer, but it came out all mumbled. I take that as a yes! My ball are put in
something like a parachute and I feel them being pull down. My cock is place
into a sleeve mounted to the bench and then I feel pressure being applied as if
my dick is clamped in place. Oh how I love this bench! She pushes her cock back
into me and then I feel it being strap around me. I am leaving that in you
today, for the whole day. She takes out a riding crop and beats me until I am a
sobbing mess! 

 	 Are you uncomfortable? Don't worry, you will be soon. As you suck on
that cock it will grow 2 inch every 3 hours until it about 8 inches long. The
only way to get it to cum is to get to the last inch of it, so to empty the
bucket you will have to suck on it all day. I call it your cocksucker training!
Your balls will be slow pull down by the one-pound weight hanging from them;
causing them to hurt badly.  My cock is deep inside you putting pressure on your
prostate gland, which will cause your fat little dick to grow. She laughs very
evilly!! The thing is, the sleeve your dick is in is only 1 and 1/2 inch in
diameter and that fat little dick of yours is to 2 inches in diameter, so it is
to thick to fit comfortable, but you dick will grow into it and you will feel
like a vice is tighten around your dick as you fill it pass what it was meant to
hold.  You should be in some pain when I come home, welcome to your first of
many CBT training sessions.  When I get back, I am going to beat you again
making your dick grow even larger. That should put an end to all your slave
revolts!!!  Oh how I love to be Wicket.!!! Well all this has made me very horny,
I need someone to give me a good hard fucking and you seem to be busy training!! 
Well it's off to Mistress apartment to talk about this weekend and to get
fucked. 

	I can't wait for you to have to watch her fuck me with her 10-inch cock;
by the way it's called the beast and I guess you know why! Her evil laugh just
pierces though me!  For the record it has a big brother which 12-inch, but she
only use it only on special occasion.  I can't wait for her to have me today, as
watching her fuck you last night made me very jealous. First she'll fuck my
mouth, then my ass and finally she pound my pussy till I can't cum anymore, then
I'll have to eat her pussy and if I 'm luck she ask me to fuck her.  This will
go on for hours.  Now there is a picture for you.  Feeling inferior slave? No
way for that little fat dick of yours can come close to the pleasure the beast
gives me. Although! Last night you showed me something. I have never cum like
that, not even with the beast.  I guess that is why I am keeping you and not
selling you! I will let you do that to me 2 times a years, your birthday and
Christmas, I am fair or what? Well that is subject to change base on how well
you perform.  Well I got to run, don't go anywhere! 

	Ma'am will be so proud of me for putting down your little slave revolt
and that should put her in a good mood for your visit. She hates men Hon and she
loves to torture them.  I love watching her work.  Your only lucky I am in Dom
training, as she never permanently damages a Dom trainees slave. But what she
does to a male sub that does not belong to anyone, WOW!!  Well that should give
your mind allot to think about. And when the swelling in your cock and balls get
too big and painful. Think of the reason you are there slave, I hope you little
revolt was worth it! Have a nice day! She laughs the most evil laugh I have ever
heard come from her and leaves.  I am wondering who this woman is.  My wife was
a passive person who was always easy to please sexually.  Now she is this
sadistic nymphomaniac bitch who can't get enough or give enough.  What Have I
created and can I live up to her standards and punishment.  My mind races and
soon the pain took over. I have other thing to worry about now.  This is going
to be a long and painful day.  NO more revolts for me!! 

	She was gone for hours.  When she came back I was in real pain and
sobbing mess.  My insides feel like they wanted to explode! My cock and balls
were swollen and screaming against their binds.  She walks in and without a word
she starts beating me across the ass with her riding crop.  As promised, my dick
tries to grow even large. I screamed for mercy, it falls on deaf ears again. She
finishes beating me and tells me she is going to unchain me now! Then I will let
you go to the bathroom. I know you have to go, because the water I put in the
bucket had a powerful laxative in it?  Same as the stuff I put in your drink the
other night that clean you out so good, as you put it!! She knows I can't talk
and she yells at me. Is that ok with you? I try moving my head to acknowledge
her, but I cant without gagging on the cock in my mouth.  She laughs, let me
take that cock out of your mouth. Well I see you empty the bucket my little
cocksucker!!! I start crying, as the humiliation is too much!! Shhh Slave!! She
releases the ball parachute first; oh these are hanging nice and low now, as she
touches them I scream for mercy.  Shhh my slave I know there are sore; I am not
trying to hurt you!  She undoes the clamp hold my cock in place and ice my cock
to make me loss my erection.  It hurt at first and then it felt so good, it was
throbbing so badly. She then releases me from my bondage, leaving the monster in
place. That will have to stay in till we get you to the bathroom. 

	She helps me to my feet and walks me to the bathroom, she pulls the
monster out of me and I exploded, making a mess everywhere.  Oh god that pisses
me off, you could not hold it till you sat down.  That is going to cost you. 
She smacks my ass and tells me to clean this mess up.  I will be back soon and
it better be spic and span, Understand? Yes Ma'am! I am sorry, please forgive
me? Sorry is one thing you are going to be! Good thing everything to clean the
bathroom was kept there, as I knew I could not leave until it was clean. I clean
the bathroom till it was spic and span. I called to her tell her and told her it
was clean. She comes in and was very pleased, right up to the point she looked
at me.  Why are you not clean?  Clean yourself and prepare yourself for
punishment.  My mind races, I just spent 12 hours being torture and abandon. Now
it was going to start again. I knew my body could not take another session like
that.  I was hurting everyway. The last 2 days felt like 2 week. She was the
harder then any mistress I had every read about.  This woman teaching her must
be the wickedest bitch on the planet.

	I cleaned myself and go to the bedroom. She naked with her legs spread
wide open, as I walked in I see her beautiful pussy.  I knew what to do and dive
in. I started with soft kissing, licking and sucking on her pussy, god you can
eat and suck on some pussy, a Hoover vacuum has nothing on your.  As I ate her
pussy, she holds onto my head, guiding it around to where she wants it.  You
will eat me till I release you head, understood? Yes Ma'am! Don't talk with your
mouth full!  I want you to eat me till I fall asleep.  Your tongue needs much
training.  I as eat her, she tell me how her mistress was so proud of the way
she handle me today.  She is going to punish you for it though. She wants to
teach me how to really torture a mans cock and balls, sound like it going to be
funny.  Oh that is the spot don't stop, she moaning and starts yelling eat me!
Oh eat me!  Oh god and she exploded into an orgasm.  I don't know if it is the
way I was eating her or her just thinking about how they are going to torture me
that made her so excited or both. Her hand is still on my head, she telling me
all about the way Her Mistress fucked her today and she fuck her Mistress.  She
tells me how they are all planning to fuck me and she cums again, but harder!
She tries to push my face deeper into her pussy.  Her hand goes limp on my head;
I think she is falling asleep.  I start to move and she say you will sleep right
there, between my legs smelling, licking and tasting my pussy for the rest of
the night, understood? Yes mistress.  Goodnight my sweet pet. Oh remember I want
to be woken up by you licking my pussy! Yes mistress!  We fall asleep and I know
I am done, her domination of me complete.

	I wake up and start to eat her as instructed. She wake up and asks if I
am hard? Yes mistress! Then fuck me! I wait, thinking it is a trick; you better
do as you are told or do you want to spend another day on the bench? I come up
and kiss her; it was so passionate, I though I would die. I start making love to
her.  Her pussy is on fire and so wet. She rubbing my back and seems to be
really enjoying it.  Then she tells me, you better make me cum. I knew it was
too good to be true, It another training session. Although this one started out
nice. I make love to her for and hour and she is fighting not to cum.  If I cum
first, I loose the day and my ass will be hers and I know it.  I pull out and
try to go down on her, she said make me cum with your little fat dick.  I am so
close to Cumming and she know it. I try pumping slow and steady, she says fuck
me hard and fast, NOW! She screamed. I have no choice so I pick up my pace and I
explored into her pussy! My orgasm setting off her orgasm and she held me tight
until is subsided. Not bad, almost my pet! You have much promise and after this
weekend of training. I am sure you will be a very good slave that I am sure of. 
Now eat my pussy clean slut, I want all of your nasty cum sucked from my pussy!

	Why are you doing this? Because this is you wanted! NO, Not like this! I
know, but I have been evolved in this lifestyle almost full time for 5 months
now and I love it! I have learned to love being sadistic and just love the
power! You're going to learn how to be a proper slave, your place and your
purpose! Which is to serve and please me the rest of your life!  I have told
Ma'am what I want from you and how I want to use you! You are to be our personal
slave used only by us, that is the 4 of us! I told you; I do love you, but I
love her too! I have been shown I can have the best of both worlds and that is
what I am going to have! This is about me and you're getting just what you
wanted, so deal with it! I am not going to be a bedroom Mistress, oh I know that
what you wanted! No baby you got yourself a full time Mistress and you're my
slave forever!  You will be use for my pleasure and share for the pleasure of
others!! Now clean my pussy!

	I am going to give your pussy a break today, you handling the monster a
little to easy now and laughs.  I want you to take vacation this week, as we
have much to do to get you ready for Friday. Yes Ma'am! I call work hoping they
tell me no, I cant have the vacation. My luck the boss say sure, see you next
Monday. I think! Yeah sure see me Monday; I might not be alive on Monday. My
mistress is so please I am off till Monday.  I think I will call Mistress and
see if we can go early, NO please don't. What did you say? I am silent! You know
what? Friday it is, but you getting 24 lashes for that no, understand?  Mistress
I am so sorry, please forgive me, please.  Beg; you'll get no mercy, have you
gotten any so far? NO! Nor will you get any!  Bend over and take you punishment
like a man.  My ass has been on fire since Friday night and now the fire would
get hotter, she hammer me with her riding crop, harder then before. When she was
done she told me to go do something.  The rest of the week went the same; I woke
up, I ate pussy, she spanked and fucked me all day. I even end up on the bench
once again. 

	Thursday night came and she was very nice to me.  Her drink this; Yes it
is what you think it is, but you have to be clean out.  As you will be used from
the time you walk in the door tomorrow.  She tells me clean up and the rest of
the night is mine and I can do what I want.  Because In the morning, the
beginning of the end would start for you and at the end of the weekend, my
domination of you will be complete.  I took the night to rest and hold my Queen
in my arms. I kiss her and told her I love her! I trust she would protect me and
I would try and not embarrass her in front of her mistress.  She said; I can
protect you from other slaves, however the Mistress is a different story.  She
will own both of us after the weekend and she may or may not respect the limits
you have with me, but she is fair and she may negotiate new ones that apply to
her!  The only thing going for you, Is I am in training to be a Mistress, so we
can hope for the best.  She can see the fright on my face! It is good to be
afraid, tomorrow though Sunday is going to be like nothing you can imagine. Go
to sleep my pet, morning comes all to quickly for you. She holds me and comforts
me all night.

	

	To be continue




WISHES

	Chapter III

	THE BEGINNING OF THE END


	It a beautiful morning, I wake Mistress with my tongue, just the way she
like it. She takes me into the shower with and tells me I must remove my body
hair for her Mistress. She applies a hair remover that has the smell of baby oil
to it! Ma'am it is burning! I bet and she rinses all the hair from my body. I am
now as naked as the day I enter the world!! Hmmm, Nice and smooth. I begged her,
please don't make me dress like a girl. She laughed, No Mistress hates body
hair, she said something the night she fucked you! No she wants you to be a man
when she fuck you, she loves to humiliate men. She oils my whole body and tells
me to shave my face really close.  

	When I come back into the bedroom I notices she has laid out a Hugh Butt
plug with d-ring, lube, cock cage, phallic gag, leather belt with wrist
restraints and a sweat suit! What all that for? You slave and when I presented
you to my Mistress, you will be enslaved in the ways we are going to use you!
Enough of the question slave! Bend over and pushes the Hugh butt plug deep into
me, she then puts my soft cock into the cock cage! The belt if fasten around my
waist! Put the top on! Yes ma'am! Once I have the top on she put a leather strap
between my leg running it though the d-ring on the butt plug and cock cage and
attaches it the front of the belt! She tells me to put on the pants! The Hugh
plug make it hard to move, but I mange to pull up the pants! She tells me to
drop my hand to my side and attaches them to the belt! The whole thing is locked
tightly together! She shows me a remote and turn on the butt plug, which cause
my cock slow growing cock to swell painful into its cage! I beg for her to turn
it down and she just laughs! Now open your mouth! She forces the gag into my
mouth causing me to gag! Now your ready slave!

	Remember if you are thinking about giving me a hard time getting you to
the car! The key to unlock all that is with my Mistress! My fear starts to
taking over as we get into the car and she can see how scared I am. She rubs the
back of the neck gently and reminds me, THIS WAS YOUR WISH now enjoy the ride my
cocksucking sissy slut!  Tears flood from my eyes! Oh do those word upset you!
The plug in your ass is to remind you it will always be fuck and fill with
something! The cage torture your cock will remind you that we will torture you
daily, the bondage is to remind you will spent allot of time bound and the cock
in your mouth, well I'm guess you get the idea!!!! You're a slave you live to
server, entertain and give us pleasure on demand remember that and life wont be
that bad!!!!!

	I have know idea who this woman is next to me, but she mean business! We
drive for hours out into the country.  In the middle of nowhere she turns off
the road and drives until we are in front of this Hugh Estate. The car stops and
I am terrified!! Look relax, nothing you do is going to change the out coming.
So just deal with it. Remember the other man who fought; I know you don't want
that!!! Just except your gift of enslavement and learn to enjoy your place as
our slave as this is what you want! I know your scared slave and you should be,
as no one will hear your screams or do you have anyplace to run to if you do get
free as we are 100 mile from anything! Yes now you know just how real your
enslavement is! Now lets get you ready to meet the rest of the ladies! She
reaches into her bag and attaches a leash to my waist restraint. She then put on
her collar!

	I am pulled from the car and lead to the door! Get down on your knees,
she rings the doorbell and this beautiful woman about 5' 8". She is wearing the
same outfit as my wife right down to the collar. Hello mistress, she is waiting
for you in the study! I am told to get up and we walk in, once inside the 2 of
them ripe my clothing from my body. I have never felt so naked in my life or
humiliated, as they I was standing before this strange with a Hugh butt plug up
my ass and in my mouth. She laughs as she see my cock now purple cock straining
in it cage. Wow little but fat, but that cage going to stop you from Cumming
when we fuck you. She reach up and remove my gag! Ma'am Please it hurts! Be
quiet you don't have permission to speak!  My wife looks at me hard and tells me
not to embarrass her again! There are 4 women in this house and there are here
just for you or should I say, you are just for them! She just smiles wickedly. 

	I am walked into the study to be shown off.  As I enter my eyes finally
get the good look they have craved! She is this Amazon woman, standing 6' 1"
foot with long thick red hair and green eyes of emeralds, her body is heavily
muscled. She has the most prefect up turn breast with nipples that are as big
around as dimes and about 3/4 inch tall. She is dress the same, as my wife and
the other girl, thank god, no strap-on! I can see her beautiful bushy strawberry
pussy. Then I notice another woman 5' 9 " and almost as beautiful! She is dress
the same as the head mistress, but she is wearing a matching collar.  The light
is on; this is the mistress dress code, not my wife's and anyone wearing a
collar is a slave. 

	I am brought before her and told to kneel!!  Mistress Natasha I present
you my slave for your enjoyment again!! She hands her my leash and disappears.
Stand for inspection slut and spread you legs wide!  P put a spreader bar on
this slut! As I spread my legs it felt like I was driving the butt plug deeper!
She attaches the 3-foot bar to my ankles. Mistress Natasha produces a key and
tells P to remove the butt plug! She starts to examine my body. Don't move! I
can feel her strength, as her hands cover every inch of my body; she gets to my
dick and laughs.  Wow that looks like it hurts! Hmmm fat dick, but kind of short
for my liking and your wife's now.  They all start laughing! She grabs my balls
and squeezes them hard; I fall to the ground screaming in pain! To make matter
worst my hand were still lock to my side and my throbbing cock break my fall!
You did not ask permission for that hard-on now did you!! No Ma'am! P, lube this
slaves ass up nice and good. I am heavily lubed, more then every before. Oh!
This is going to hurt!!

	 Mistress grabs my head and pulls it into her pussy.  I kiss it first
then I lick her pussy! Very good slut! T you have taught him well!  You will be
eating allot of pussy today and for the rest of your life! As you will now
worship pussy and will pay homage to all you see by kissing, licking and sucking
them to orgasm? Failing to bring a pussy to orgasm will be considered disrespect
and you will be punished severely for you lack of respect! You will also consume
any liquids that come from our pussies, as the liquids that come from of pussies
are purified! Be it our piss or cum and will learn enjoy ever drop! Understand!
Yes Ma'am.

	I hear her ask them if they are all ready! YES Mistress!  My head is
pull from her pussy and she tells me what is going to happen next. Look at your
mistress! Yes Ma'am! You will eat our pussies one at a time; you will do so till
you make each of us cum. Your mistress will fuck you while you eat us, then we
will switch position till each one of us fuck you while you eat the rest to
orgasm!!!  You will be fucked till you make the person you are eating cum, do
you understand? Yes Ma'am. She laugh we will see!  Also I will put this rule in
affect you only have 20 mins to make each of us cum. If you don't make us cum,
we will punish you later for not paying proper homage and your lack of respect
to our pussies.  Oh one more thing, seeing as I am be so nice and giving you a
time limit; if you fail all 3 of us in one round, we start over, understand? Yes
Ma'am. C! Come over here. Go put your cock on. T takes yours off.  I am thinking
to myself she is not big on names. That is only the start slave, come Sunday you
will be a pure slave, fuck over and over, beaten over and over and torture till
you have no will left to fight your domination and live only to serve all of us. 
Welcome to my world!

	Ladies take your seats, come to me slave!! I am forced to crawl to her,
because of the spreader bar. Oh! One more thing before we start! You will
address me a Ma'am, your wife is Mistress T, she is Mistress P and she is
Mistress C.  As they are all my slaves! They are all your Mistresses and you
live for their pleasure and to serve them. Understand? Yes Ma'am! I crawl to her
and start licking her pussy, oh god how sweet she is. Without notice, I am
enters from behind, it's only about 7 inch! As soon as it hits bottom my cock
betrays me and grows even harder! The pain is too much for me and I loose
myself! I stop licking Ma'am pussy; oh I can see this is going to be a long day.
Fuck him harder C and you better start licking my pussy!  Only that little dick
in you and you stop, this is going to be fun.  It wasn't the assault on my ass,
but my own dick screaming against it's binding. I forgot my Dick and went to
work. I could feel her body start to orgasm, when the bell went off. Oh god! But
she made me finish her. She came very hard and flooded mouth with her juices. 
Hmmm you may work out after all.  To bad you did not get it done in the time
limit, her laugh was pure evil!  Next! The first hour was over I was 2 for 3 and
very proud!

	Mistress P put on her cock on, 8 inch and fat. We started again. This
time I was determined to make Ma'am cum and hard. I kissed, licked and sucked
her with everything I had. My sucking ability drove Ma'am over the edge twice in
20 min. when she composed herself she told my wife how impressed she was! T our
slut has great promise and could out suck a vacuum cleaner I think. Yes Ma'am!
He does have some talents! That hour I was 3 for 3. My ass was throbbing badly
from the assault and I knew my wife was next. So was that monster 9 inch tool
she call a cock.  My cock and balls were killing me and I had to cum badly, as
the constant pressure from fuck me had over stimulated my prostrate.  It was
pure torture being held on the edge of and orgasm for 2 hours now and 2 more to
go!!

	We are ready and she enters me!! I was done, my ass was throbbing and
burning, my concentration was gone and I failed Ma'am again. Hmmm you have now
failed me twice, lucky for you I am the one fucking you next.  Failing me 3
times in one day and I normally would take your balls. She laughed loudly and
said she be right back, if she left now, that would mean I would not get a
break, thinking about that I failed C. 0 for 2; not good and seeing as the beast
is next I was in trouble. I had to make mistress P cum, if I failed her it was
over and they would start over. I licked mistress P with all I had; she was
fighting me and I knew I was in trouble, Ma'am told my wife to fuck me harder
and this game was stack against me. I forgot all that was going on and sucked on
P pussy clit as hard as I could and she moaned loudly as she orgasm
uncontrollable! My sucking power was too much for her! The only words to leave
her mouth were; fuck he can suck on a pussy!!

	Thank god, I did have a special skill. I was 1 for 3 that hour.  I was
exhausted and had 1 hour to go and the beast! I remember our first meeting, I
lost that one.  My ass was fuck for 3 hour straight now and it was done. It was
swelling and tightens up, which was bad for me. As they just kept putting one
bigger cock after another in me. Ma'am told me to turn around, my eyes popped
out of my head when I saw the beast, 10 inch long and 3 1/2 inches in diameter.
Looking at it was worst then getting fucked by it the other night! It was well
named; my wife asks Ma'am if she can add lube to my ass and Ma'am said yes!
Thank god, my ass was burning and stretched to its limits and was about to be
ripped apart by that monster. I had no idea how I could do this next hour. 

	She rubbed the lube into my asshole; the coolness stops the burning and
some of the throbbing.  But I was done and she knew it. She asked Ma'am if we
could take a break and she laughed. He gets no mercy; no man before has and no
man after him will. But that is very good T, now take your chair and let start
this.  I started eating my wife when the beast is rammed into me, I screamed and
my Mistress just pulled my head deeper into her pussy, now eat me and take your
fucking like the slut your are.  Very good T, now he knows he is here for our
pleasure and he will get No mercy.  She fucked me without mercy! I licked and
sucked my wife pussy and she came, thank god.  I am guessing Ma'am praise made
her feel good so it did not take much. I went 1 for 3 that round, but I
survived.  I was a sobbing mess when she was done and my ass was on fire and
fuck inside out. I think the beast was too much for him and they all just
laughed. Now slut you have a big sloppy pussy.

 	Ma'am came over and kisses me. She said, I may work out!  She released
my cock from it bindings and had C fuck me, I did not last very long and I fill
her pussy full of cum.  Ma'am screamed at me to eat her clean, you know the
rules.  4 hour of eating pussy and being fucked. My tongue and jaws were done
and my body was aching from the assault my ass just barely survived.  It was all
I could do to finish the last task.  The spreader bar was removed and P and C
took me to be clean up.  There was a hot bath waiting for me in this large
bathroom. The tub was Hugh and all of us fit in it. The 2 women wash me from
head to toe, every time they got around my ass and dick I panic, but they were
gentle and caring. They each held me and kissed me telling me how good I had
done.  I was given a full body message from head to toe, after the bath.  Then
they rubbed ointment around my cock and balls and into my swollen ass, saying
this will help the pain and it did. I felt so good; these girls were being so
loving and caring and I was in heaven! You have lasted long then any man, you
should be proud! The first test is hardest and you are done. The next one will
be more mental, then physical. Mistress is very hard, but the after care is
always like this.  You just have to make to this.  The lights blink in the
house. Come they are ready for us.

	I am walked into a large bedroom and put into a chair that looks like an
electric chair. I am strap from head to toe and I cannot move inch.  The head of
my dick has some kind of metal hood put over it and my balls are hooked up to
electors! Then my ass is assault with a skinny metal butt plug with wire running
from it, my eyes are forced open by this medical instrument and then I am
gagged.  You going to love this slave, you are going to watch use fuck your wife
now.  You cannot close your eyes so you will have to watch the whole thing.
Ma'am still had the beast on and C put on a 9-inch cock. P is going to keep you
busy, while you watch.  Without another word, I watch as my wife sucked on C's
cock until every inch of it was down her throat. Next every inch of the beast is
slammed into her pussy.  The beast assaults my wife pussy without mercy, but I
could tell she was loving it. They fuck her without mercy.

	Watching this made me very horny and my dick started to grow! As my dick
grew the head hit another piece of metal and wave of electricity is sent through
my balls! I am scream in pain, but no one hears it.  Your wife does love to
fuck, now doesn't she?  She is the smallest of the 4 ladies at 5' 2" and my
whole life I thought she was happy with the size of my dick. But as I watch her
fuck this monster I felt very small.  P tells me; you can watch; but you can't
get hard, as you will be punish by your own erection.  Next thing I know P's on
the bed and C position herself under my wife, and then it happen.  One monster
cock was put into her pussy and one in her ass, the beast. She was moaning and
cumming out of control, she was control the depth at which those monster cock
were fucking her; she was slamming them into her pussy and ass. P grabs her head
and made her eat her. She tells me how much my wife loves to eat pussy.  She was
twisting her nipples without mercy; they fuck her for an hour like that, leaving
no hole unfucked. My cock kept growing only to receive an electric shock when
the head of my dick make contact with the other metal. I am my own worst enemy,
as it turning me on so much I can't help but get horny and hard!

	They pull her from the bed and over to me. Then P removes the metal hood
on my dick and make her give me head, as Ma'am was fucking her from behind, god
she can give good head now. It was the best blowjob she ever given me and I cum
in her mouth.  Ma'am looked at me and asks if I just came? I can't answer and
she knows it!  Who told you, you could cum?  I scream into my gag, as I knew I
was in trouble. Don't moan answer me!!! She laughs well I guess that gag
stopping that! My wife was let up and the gag removed! She kissed me and gives
me back all of my cum. I thought she was finish, but she was not. I get fuck
like this all the time slave, you fat little dick is no match for these cocks. 
I let you fuck me, so I can feed you you're cum from my nasty pussy. The only
reason you can still make me cum is I do love you very much. You know the right
spots and how to use that fat little dick. But now when you are done, I have to
find a big long fat cock and soon. You know I bet you would be a real good
cocksucker judging by the way you suck on all of our pussy. You little fat dick
is really useless to us except for us to torture it and milk it so we can feed
you your own cum!! You are lucky I still love you enough to respect No men!!! I
talked to Ma'am and that will respect for NOW!! But all of us would love to see
you give head to a man!! So you better think about that and remember the
pictures, before you disobey one of us, Understand? Yes Ma'am! Her words were
like coming from an evil creature and her mind fucking had just begun!!

	Ma'am and my wife headed back to the bed. I know now she is no longer my
wife, but if fact my Mistress and I am hers to do with what she likes.  They
start kissing and rubbing each other. The other 2 were told to punish me for
Cumming in my wife's mouth.  You are about to find out about this chair now
slut. Mistress C jumps up and feed me her cock and P sends a wave of electricity
through my balls and now to the butt plug in my ass, my own ass muscle tighten
up on the metal plug, I was fucking myself and my ass cannot take anymore. I
screamed in pain and they just ate it like candy.  The slut moaning again, I
think he loves it and they start laughing! Now my nipples have electros clamped
to them and a pulse of electricity were sent to them.  My wife tells them to tie
up my fat dick and put one pound of weights on my balls, then stuff a cock gag
in him.  That will teach him not to cum without permission!!! They finish tying
my cock up, weighting my balls, gagged me blindfold me!! Ma'am tells them to put
the machine on pulse and auto set for every 15 mins.  Then come join us on the
bed. I am made to listen to them fuck for the next 2 hour. Everything on my body
aching in pain as every 15 mins a wave of electricity is sent thought my body. 

	I am blacking in and out from the pain at some point I pass out all the
way, only to be rudely awakened by another pulse of electricity. I am starving,
beaten and broken all before 6.00 o'clock at night.  I awaken and notice I am
untied, the girls are gone. Ma'am comes over to me and say I hear you can cook.
Go downstairs and fix food for 5, but only set 4 plates at the table.  You have
2 hours to make dinner, the girls and I are going to clean up and refresh
ourselves.  You can have some water or tea, but you will eat with us,
Understand? Yes Ma'am! I dragged what left of myself down to the kitchen, to see
what I can whip up.  Wow, no after care and I really need it! Ma'am tells me
they will clean me up and comfort me later! Can this woman read my mind! NOW go
fix diner! Yes Ma'am!

	The kitchen is well stock and as bad as I am hurting, the 2-3 hour break
will do me good. I think to myself if I cook them a great meal, they might take
it easy on me the rest of the night. I drink large glass of water and try to get
up the strength to cook! Thank god I can cook. I thaw out some t-bones steaks.
Make some garlic mashed potatoes and fresh string beans, then I saute onions,
garlic and mushrooms in a wine and butter sauce. I have some time, so I go up
stairs to ask Ma'am how should I cook their steaks.  I walk to the opening of
the room and knock! Yes, what do you want? Ma'am how does everyone want me to
cook their steaks?  You may come in! Yes Ma'am! Come over to me. As I approach
her, I drop to my knees. Very good pet! I am very happy with the way you have
handle yourself today! Lay your head in my lap. Yes Ma'am! She stokes my hair
gentle and comforts me, I begin to cry. Shhhh I know you are hurting, but I must
know that you are really broken, then I will rebuild into a proper slave. None
of the woman had ever seen her do that with a man.  I do hate man, but you are
different. Don't let me down and I might hold you above most men.  Thank you
Ma'am! Go finish dinner now and cook everyone's steaks medium. Yes Ma'am! By the
way you will be sleeping with me tonight, the beast is hungry for your tight
little pussy.  The girl are all amazed, T you have done well with that man.
Thank you Ma'am.  Her two slaves had never heard her call a man, a man before.

	The ladies all come down at the same time; they are wearing their boots,
gloves, bra's, and cocks.  I see this and think this is going to hurt. I cannot
do it, there is nothing left of my ass or me.  The steaks are just about ready
and I serve everyone a steak, there is one steak left. I am starving and they
know it.  I wait on them hand and foot, serving them the rest of the meal I made
for them. They feast on it like they have never eaten before, good thing I made
plenty. So I knew there would be food for me. C get up and goes to the kitchen
and bring back a dog bowl that says SLUT on it. Ma'am cut up the meat from the
last steak, then adds the onion mushrooms sauce, strings beans and potatoes, and
mixes everything together.  The bowl is place at her feet.  You may eat now
slut. This is your place when you eat, at my feet, understood? Yes Ma'am!  I
dive in and eat everything as I was starving.  Look the slut was starving and
they all laughed! Ma'am! Yes Pet! Can I have something to drink? Sure you can. C
get up squats over my bowl and fill it with her piss, now Lapp it all up. I am
stunned and Ma'am say I want that bowl emptied, she takes a big class of
coldwater and adds it to the piss, they that should help you. You have 10 mins
to finish your drink or everyone will get up and piss in your bowl! Then you
will drink it all or be beaten till dawn. 

	This whole day has gone without a beating and I needed that, so I drank
it all up.  Ma'am reach down grabs me by my hair and pulls me towards her lap. 
All I can think of is there is no way I can get the beast into my mouth. My jaw
is ready to lock now. My head is in her lap When I notice the beast was gone and
my mouth is now on her sweet pussy, I know what to do, I kiss, lick and suck her
sweet pussy till she is soaking wet and moaning, She begins to cum and pushes my
face deeper into her pussy until her orgasm subsides. I hear the girls cleaning
up the table and Ma'am stroke my hair for a job well done. I hear her ask my
wife how long did it take you to train him to eat pussy like this?  She laughs,
he love to eat pussy, always has.  This one might just be a keeper; we will see
how he handles the dungeon tomorrow and being torture. The girls came back in
and ask what for desert, my mind scrambling I did not think of that. Ma'am says
I guess he forgot that, oh well blowjobs around! Anyone wearing a cock will get
a blowjob. With that I am told to give everyone with a cock a blowjob. She looks
at me and tells me too suck the girls till they are satisfied and move to the
next one. I think to myself my jaw going to lock and I am going to be stuck with
one of those cocks right down my throat.

	Turn out this was the easiest part of the day, as they all had removed
their cocks! So I just had to eat their sweet pussy!!  Until I heard one of the
girls say I want to fuck him while he gives P head.  My ass cannot take another
fucking, there is nothing left.  I am still wondering what I am going to do
tonight, with the beast.  I am wondering how much these girls can fuck and do
they ever get tried of fucking.  Ma'am says NO! He is done for the night; his
ass can't take any more punishment.  Mercy!!!! Say it is not so! Ma'am scream at
C, Cunt you forget your place and it is not mercy, he just can't take anymore. 
This is the only man to make it this far and we going to keep him. That is
mercy!!!  How many man have we fuck to death, before him? That is how we make
our living, fucking them till there are dead, wife collects insurance money and
then we get paid. I hear my wife ask Ma'am what is she talking about?  I will
talk to you later! No ma'am! I never wanted him dead, just broken!! I really do
love him. I wanted to break him, maybe teach him a good lesson for cheating on
me and make him my slave so I'm in control that is it!! I know Hon! I love you
and love fucking you. We have turned most women to our way of thinking, but you
were right, he is different! 

	Enough of this mushy shit! Slut, bring your ass over here and get ready
for the fucking of a lifetime. Cunt remember your place! Ma'am crabs me by the
hair and tells me to be still!  As strong as I am, I was helpless now. Cunt
settle down or face my wrath? Remember who the Head Mistress is here.  Your
letting that man off, maybe we should have a change of leadership around here? 
Pat are you with me?  Hell No Christina you are on your own! Well we know where
you stand Tina, how can you still love him after being with us? And hell I seen
the way you love to fuck him. So How? I love him and he handles himself pretty
good. Hell, he is the first man to make it this far now isn't he?  Must have
something going for him, yeah I nice big asshole, which is now our pussy! Cunt
are you challenging me or are you going to take what coming? No Ma'am I am not
stupid enough to take on a martial art expert. I am very sorry Ma'am! Oh sorry
you are going to be? You are now 4th slave.  4th slave! Who is 3rd slave? He is!
Oh this just got better, I am thinking to myself! I look into my new Mistress
eyes and she smiles at me while holding my chin. I like you and I love your
wife, don't you dare disappoint me or I will give you to her and you know what
she want to do to you?

	P and T, take Cunt down to the dungeon and reminder why she is call
Cunt.  I want her filled to the max and put her on the spanking horse. I am
going to talk to our new slave for a while. They leave and I am alone with
Ma'am. I am very frightened and she knows it. I know you are afraid, don't be?
Your wife only wanted you to be trained and I trapping her into this life. It is
easy after we fuck them like they have never been fuck before and once the see
the power it's just over whelming, as they are drunk with power.  She does love
you and only was giving you what you ask for. She was afraid you were cheating
on her. Never Ma'am!  But now her pussy is so big, I can't satisfy her again. 
Ma'am laughs!  Her pussy is trained to be as big or as small as I tell her to
make it. She has pussy muscle you have no idea about, she could snap your little
dick off if she wanted to. She was mind fucking you and that will happen allot,
so get use to it. You are part of our family now and our Slave!

	I understand you revolted against your enslavement already?  No, Yes!
Which is it? Well I was only testing her and was that a bad idea!  Yes, I heard
she handle you very well and tomorrow I will finish your punishment for that,
You will never do it again, that I will promise you. Ma'am please! That day was
enough, I was afraid of this weekend. I only wanted to be her slave and maybe
one other.  Now I have 4 very strong and very horny women to serve. Yes you do!! 
Tomorrow is what is, once I plan something it's going to happen. Understand? Yes
Ma'am! I understand you are martial art expert yourself and so is your wife. 
Don't think about using it to escape, I wont ma'am I am spent and could not
fight if I had to. Yes I know; that is why I fuck you so hard, to rob your
strength, break your will to fight and steal your soul. I know you say you
won't, but you will continue to be fucked everyday so you are weaker then me. 
Ma'am I wont! I give you my word. Please have mercy !!! No my pet that is how it
going to be until I know you are broken! But I will be gentle and she laughs!

	Now my pet where does that leave us? You belong to me and the other
ladies, do you understand? Yes Ma'am!  You both know too much now about what has
gone on here to let you leave now? I will have your wife sell your house and we
will move some of you stuff here. The rest will be sold.  Pet have you every
wonder where all those men who go missing? The ones who are never seen again and
missing without a trace? Yes Ma'am I have! They are somebody little slut like
you are now, serving them the rest of there days.  The faster you understand and
except that, the faster you will be giving more privileges. Ma'am I have already
accepted that, please! I will do anything to spare my ass anything, please no
more monster cock.  Let me tell you something, it gives me get pleasure to fuck
you with the beast.  And as you live for my pleasure, that is just what going to
happen.  Accept you faith and it will get easier for you.

	 Look; One-day and your already 3rd slave and cunt is you're to do with
what you want, when you want, when I am not around. Your wife is 1st slave! How
does P feel about that? Pussy is my lover and she knows where she stands. 
Enough they are waiting for us. You are going down to the dungeon with me and
you will fuck, then beat C. Ma'am Please I don't want too! No one asked you what
you want to do!  You do as your told remember? Yes Ma'am!  Now the girl should
be ready for us. Ma'am please! Why do I have to beat her?  So she will know she
is beneath you and her place?  Why does the weekend have to continue when the
cats out of the bag? Silly man, don't you get it.  Nothing has change except
where you are on the food chain. This is a real a house of pain and bondage.  I
am Head Mistress. Period! Ma'am I don't know if I can go a day in the dungeon.
Well we will find out tomorrow, now won't we?  She kisses me and rubs my back,
she holds me tight comforting me. I have hated every man I have ever met; I like
you and I am just so comfortable with you.  DON'T LET ME DOWN! And I we will be
good to you. Understood? Yes Ma'am. Come they are waiting for us.

	When we get down to the dungeon my eyes open wide, everything for
torture and punishment you can imagine is down there. My wife and P are fucking
C with 2 enormous dildos in every hole, but her mouth! That is waiting for me,
so I find out. Go fuck her mouth pet! Don't worry it is being held open she
can't bite you. With that I fuck this bitches mouth and I am enjoy every minute
of it. I remember she was trying to fuck me extra hard early today and now it
was my turn. I wish my dick was 3 inches long, so I could chock her with it. But
then again all of these woman can deep throat 9 plus inch of cock. I am ready to
unload and ask for permission to do so. Ma'am may I cum? Pet you are catching
on! Yes fill her mouth with your cum and cunt make sure you swallow every drop.
I hear P say she not going to like that. Don't worry P, her cunt going to be
filled next, and then her ass. T go get the cock extender, the one he can cum
though.  My wife comes back with this thing that going to double the size of my
dick and make it a monster cock.  Cunt is blindfold so she can't see just how
big I am, I am guess they have them in different sizes.  Pull out the dildo in
her pussy, but leave the one in her ass. Slut! Yes Ma'am! Fuck her like she
fucked you today. I will try Ma'am, but I am still hurting and tried! But as
this goes on I am starting to feel energize by the excitement flow though me.  I
fuck C pussy without mercy, C knows she is being hammer and is moaning out of
control.  She starts to cum and Ma'am asked her who gave you permission to enjoy
this? No One Ma'am! That right cunt, pet keep fucking her and if she cums again
you can have her ass! 

	Now you know why she is called cunt.  She lives to get fucked, just like
all cunts do and the girls all start laughing.  I think better of it and just do
as I am told. Ma'am is kissing me and nibs on my neck. P rubs and pinches my
nipples! She whisper in to my ear how she loves watching me fuck her and then I
feel my wife hands rubbing my sore ball ever so genteelly! But I am so hot by
way these 3 women are touching me, I am ready to cum again. Ma'am can I cum in
her? Why of course and cum hard. No problem there as their touch has made me
hotter then ever!! I exploded with the largest load of the day.  Oh great I
think to myself, I be sucking that out in a minute.  C cums with me! Ma'am tells
me her ass is now mine and to fuck it hard! They removed the dildo and I slam my
still rock hard cock deep into her ass. I have know idea where the energy was
coming from or how my cock has stayed hard. But this bitch was trying to wreck
my ass all day and all I wanted to do was get even.  I started to hammer her
tight little ass and then I thought this might be a test. So I try to fuck her
slow and gentle, my balls were squeezed hard and was told to keep hammering her
ass. Remember how she fucked your ass early; now give it back to her.  My balls
were ready to shoot again, I had known idea I could get this hot, but then again
I have never had 3 women rubbing, kissing and cheering me on before. Ma'am I am
ready, may I cum again? Yes you may, I exploded deep inside of her and my balls
are crushed in Ma'am powerful hand and I fall to the ground screaming in pain!

	Ma'am look at me and orders me to clean the cum from both of those
holes, NOW! Remember you cum in it, you clean it slut! That was one sure way to
put everything back into prospective and remind me I was just a slave doing what
I was told!  C was hurting and I knew it as I licked her clean. What I did not
know was Ma'am was not finish with her.  Slave get up and get me that riding
crop over there. I quickly did as I was told and try handing it to Ma'am.  She
just looks at me. It's not for me, it's for you.  Now beat her ass till it is
cherry red!!!  This woman is going to kill me tomorrow, when it my turn down
here. I beat her and hard. I try to be gentle, but I was just too powerful and C
buckles under my assault. When her ass was cherry red, Ma'am said enough! Untie
her and clean her up. I carried her up the stair to the bathroom; I told her how
sorry I am! The little bitch said sorry, tomorrow you'll be sorry. After all
that punishment, she was still a mean bitch.  I only hope I could take an
assault like that, because tomorrow it was coming. One thing for sure; Ma'am
must be hard and stay hard on them, because these woman can sure take allot of
pain and punishment. Now I am part of the family, I bet I will be expected to
take the same.

	It was almost midnight and the longest day of my life was over. I had
survived.  I forgot I was sleeping with Ma'am tonight. We were all clean up C,
given her a message and oil her body and putting ointment on her swollen holes.
When Ma'am came for me.  First she went to C, which stood for Christian and kiss
her. You must never challenge me again or make me that mad. Understand? C was
very humble and told Ma'am she was sorry.  That's ok my pet, I forgive you! C
asks if she was number 3 slave again? NO! You are 4 and going to stay there till
he fucks up. Understood? Yes Ma'am Now you girls play nice tonight we start at
Noon.  Slave come here and She attached a collar and leash around my neck!

	I was walk out of the room. I thought we were heading for the big room
with the chair, but we enter a secret door at the end of the hallway into her
private bedroom. No man has ever been in here, what do you think. Very nice,
Ma'am, very nice!  We will see if you think that in the morning. Her room was
full of tool of torture and she was far from tried. Come, I was brought her bed.
Do you like it? Yes Ma'am. Are you tried?  Oh this is going somewhere I know it.
I am silent. I asked you a question? No Ma'am! Good answer neither am I. All I
wanted to do was go to sleep and rest my broken body, but I knew if I answered
yes it would have been wrong answer.  Would you like to play or talk? I am so
fucked; how the hell do I answer that question. Ma'am I live to please you, what
do you want to do? She kisses me and grabs my balls, play! You have done very
well, but do you see how much punishment my girls can take? Yes Ma'am.  You will
be required to take that as well. 

	The pussy is an amazing hole, bounce back quickly. The asshole, which is
your pussy, does not bounce back so quickly. That is a problem for you; as you
will get fucked allot around here. You know C going to be laying for you and I
guess you know that?  You can stop her?  I could, but I am not going to. Ma'am
please!  No mercy slut! I stop them tonight, because you were done. If it had
continue, they would have hurt you badly.  During the beginning of play you just
have to deal with it, you went 4 hour today, so that is the mark set for you. So
4 hours a day, those girls can fuck you unmercifully.  After that, I might step
in. Ma'am please! Don't look at me with those puppy dog eyes. Come to bed! I
thought you said we were going to play? Oh you want to play? No Ma'am I thought
you did. I live for you're pleasure. She kisses me; keep your mouth shut, Ok?
Yes Maam! 

	I cannot believe I am lying in bed with this woman. How my aching dick
got erect, is beyond me. It's up, so use it. What? I know you dicks hard, so
fuck me. Told you we were going to play.   I am getting ready to make love to
this goddess and I am shaking. You have ever right to be afraid. If you fail to
make me cum, this will be a very long night for you.  I kissed her lip and
caress her hard body close to my own she is so strong.  I run my fingers through
her beautiful thick red hair.  I am on fire and so is she. I have to suck on
those big nipples of her. I go for it and she goes wild as I suckle on her
beast. I come back up kiss her beautiful mouth and look into her eyes! As I
thrust my dick into her pussy; she is on fire and soaking wet.  Yes! All day I
have want you, the more you past my tests, the hotter I got! Now fuck me my pet,
fuck me good.  I make love to for a good hour; I have no idea how many times she
cums. But the bed is soaked in her juices, I finally let go of my load and
without a word I go down to clean up her sweet pussy. She cums 2 more time while
I am clean her up.  She pulls me up to her mouth and kisses me deeply, yes my
pet you are going to work out well she hug me tightly for a couple of minute I
am in heaven.   She goes and gets some clean sheet and tells me to change them. 
I do and then she locks ones of my ankles to a 6-foot chain that is attached to
the Hugh bedpost. 

	You are not allowed to go to the bathroom tonight! Sleep well and points
to the floor, where there is a blanket and pillow waiting for me. Thank god the
rug is about 4 inches thick and very comfortable.   Oh one more thing? Yes
Ma'am. You piss on my rug and tomorrow will be very painful.  Goodnight my pet,
sleep well and she laughs! She knew I had to go to the bathroom before she said
all that.  I have no idea how I am going to make thought the night without
pissing. Slave! Yes Ma'am! I am going to tell you wife how you fucked me tonight
and that you cheat on her!!! That should put her in a nice foul evil mood for
tomorrow. Well at least P won't be mad at me, Ma'am just laugh.  Ma'am!! Yes
pet. Why are you laughing? Pat is my lover and always sleeps with me. Tonight
will be the first night in 5 years she has not slept with me! But she thinks you
are. She also knows how much I like to fuck before I go to sleep! So my guess
is, she is going to be the maddest of them all.  Tomorrow going to be something
to watch. Those girls are going to beat the hide off of you and then piss all
over your beaten body. They are going to tie your cock and balls up in way you
can even think of. Yes I can wait!  Sleep well pet! 

	Ma'am you set this all up? Sure I did!  I love taming men and you are
one. But don't think what happen was not real, it was!  You are the first man to
be brought into the family.  The first man ever to make it to this room and you
know I was not faking when you were making love!  But you have to be as hard as
them women and if you survive tomorrow. My Pet you have to find a place in your
mind to hide and just be a shell while you are being punished.  Ma'am, rolls off
the bed falling at my side. She kisses and tells me, her money on me!  I am
crying now, the mental strain has hit! What wrong my pet, this is the life of a
slave. This is what you wanted? Not like this! Well this is how it going to be!
What wrong! Shhh my pet! The girls told me today would be the toughest day, why
did they lie to me. Tears were running from my eyes, shhh, because no man has
every made it to the next day, so they did not lie to you. No more crying pet,
no more!  I don't know if it was the way I made love to her or she felt pity on
me, but she unchained me. Took me into the bathroom. She cleaned me up and
rubbed some more of that ointment on my swollen parts. Then she took me to her
bed and held me the rest of the night. I cry myself to sleep, suckling on her
beast.

	

	TO BE CONTINUE




WISHES

	CHAPTER IV

	THE DUNGEON
	

	I wake up still suckling on Ma'am nipple. I smile at her and say good
morning Ma'am.  I now kiss my way down to her sweet pussy.  I get there and her
hand grabs my collar and I am pull up so she can look into my eyes.  You're to
fucking late. What! Don't what me! Ma'am I am sorry, I don't know what I did
wrong. Really? How am I supposed to be woken up? I am fucked and that which I
thought I said in my head, came right out of my mouth. That is a great Idea.
With that I am pull from the bed over to a cubbyhole in the room and there is a
bench.  Please Ma'am I am sorry! Please I'll do anything! Good get on the bench!
Please Ma'am! Not the bench, anything else!  Only one thing come to mind, how
about giving 4 guys head for me. NO! Oh this is going to be a long day I can
see. Ma'am I am sorry please! I am so sorry Please! I be good and get on the
bench. I know you will! I climb onto the bench and I am locked down with
padlocks again.  She pulls a riding crop off the wall and crack12 of the hardest
whacks across my ass I have ever gotten.  That takes care of that of No
bullshit. I scream so loud, I wake the other girls up.  Mistress I am so sorry!
Without warning the crop is ripping into my ass again. My name is Ma'am!  Yes
Ma'am! I am a sobbing mess and the morning is young. 

	P comes into the room. Everything OK?  Yes! What did he do? He forgot to
wake me up with his tongue buried in my pussy.  OH! She laughs! Get me the beast
and the lube! Ma'am please! Save you pleading and your strength.  This is going
to happen, just deal with it!  Ma'am please! I hear Ma'am tell Pat to put her
cock on and fuck me in the mouth; I am tired of hearing him.  With that P rams
her cock into my mouth, grabs a handful of hair and force me to take every inch
of her into my mouth. You have fun fucking Ma'am last night, slut? Oh god she is
pissed. Slut! Get ready the best is yet to come. He it comes, the beast is
pushed into my ass. The only lube used was what Ma'am put on the beast. I scream
in agony as the monster is slowly pushed into me until every inch of this
monster is filling me. Pussy loves it; fucking him Ma'am, fucking him good! I
wonder where there other girls are.  It like they can read my thoughts, bet you
are wondering where the others are. They are getting the dungeon ready for you. 
This is going to be someday, everyone is mad at you.  Wow should be a very long
day!  She laughs evilly!! 

	Pussy, leave your cock in is mouth and leave us alone.  Ok Hon!  Ma'am
is very mad and she slowly fucks me. This slow pace is going to hurt soon slut
and it is intended to. The next hour the pace was the same, but it was tearing
me up inside and the lube was break down and almost gone.  I was screaming and
bucking trying to escape the beast assault. Ma'am said nothing else to me the
first hour and I was a sobbing mess. You will learn, my pet! I knew she had calm
down, because she called me her pet and was not screaming at me.  She pulls the
monster from me and starts to lube me with here hand. One finger two finger and
I notice her hand has lot of lube on it. Oh god no! She pushes her fist into me
and start fist fucking me. The next hour her hand is push in and out of me and I
cum a couple of times, from her stimulating me prostrate gland. She says nothing
about that and just keeps fucking me with her fist. The second hour is up.  She
comes around in front him and removes P cock from his mouth.  I am a sobbing
mess and my ass is so numb I can't tell if it there or has been fuck inside out. 
My pet did you enjoying yourself? Ma'am I am sorry I will be good, please NO
more please! She disappears and the crop is coming down again, 12 quick and
painful lashes.  I should have left the cock in your mouth; you would have not
gotten yourself in trouble.  That fucking should have robbed you of all your
energy and strength! Today will be that much longer now!

	You have 2 hour to rest before we start in the dungeon. Relax!! Ma'am!
Yes! I am sorry for disappointing you! I know my pet! You took your punishment
well! Considering how server it was, but the whole day has the same in store for
you.  She unlocks me from the bench and helps me up.  I fall right back down, my
legs are gone from the assault.  Hmmm! Might have been too hard on you?  She
picks me up and helps me into the bathroom and cleans me up. Here drink this. I
look at her! No it not that, it is an herbal tea. It will help with the pain.  I
am sorry today lesson started out so hard, but the girls think I was soft on
you. Pussy will tell them of your punishment and they will know I am in charge. 
I rested in the hot tub and my asshole just spasms, it has not close and I don't
think if will today.  My ass is on fire from the crops attack. 

	It is only the beginning. Ma'am tells me to get out and dry myself off
it is time.  As I come from the bathroom, Ma'am has a mask waiting for me. It
has 2 holes for my eyes and no mouth whole in it. Here put this on. The mask has
a bite ball in it and Ma'am tells me to bite down on it.  As I do, it inflates
the ball in my mouth.  That should keep you quite?  My leash is put on and I am
walked slowly to the dungeon, I can hardly move now. I am trembling
uncontrollable and Ma'am tells me to relax! Sure I think, you want to trade
places. From out of no way, She says NO! I have not seen my wife or C yet, but I
already know P is mad.  I turn the corner and that question is answer. You have
fun you fucking Slut!  Wife pisses.   I see C, she is carrying a thick cane, and
she pisses. I am fucking done.  I am pushed from behind and fall into a hole in
the wall. I am on a slide now heading to no mans land. When I landed I was in a
cage.  I am collect by the girls.

	They carry me to a large table and throw me on it face down and I am
whipped a couple of times by C. I know she the one with the cane. I hear one of
them say get the giant butt plug. My ass can't take anymore. I scream and it is
capture by the ball in his mask. They getting ready to ram the plug in my ass
and they see how wide open my ass still is.  The beast did not do that? Ma'am
says your right; I fist fuck him for an hour.  I can't see their face, but they
get really quite and I can feel there energy leave. What's wrong ladies? You
said I was too soft with him.  I fucked the shit out him this morning for 2
hour. He did not lick my pussy to wake me up. Of course, I got up before him,
but no excuse he should have of thought of that.  Come ladies time to torture
him.  I want this to hurt. 

	They pass on the plug and put me on the rack.  They pull my balls down
so they can tie them up nice and tight, then they separate then and tie my cock
to them I am screaming again agony. P say throw me the weights and the whole
package is weighted down.  C is twisting my nipples like she is trying to tear
them from my body and places weight nipple clamp on them. My wife is whipping my
balls with a pussy whip and I am screaming and crying in agony. Ma'am looks me
in the eyes, this will last an hour my pet. I am done now; I wonder how I am
going to last an hour.  They assault me without mercy and I was drifting in and
out as my body losses to the pain!  

	I am removed from the rack and places on a spanking bench. I hope the
beast is lock in its cage!! I hear Ma'am say, Pussy you're on my team.  Then it
starts, one blow right after another, I have a girl on either side of my ass
alternating lashes. Ma'am come to me, this will last 4 hours, enjoy my pet.  I
scream No! Thank god no one can he me say it.  Until Ma'am is in front of him
again, I'll take those 12 later. I some how survive the 4 hours of constant
whipping, which was followed by each of them pissing on me. Which burned as the
salty pissed bit into each of my cuts!! My cock and balls are scream in agony as
they have been tie up this whole time. My balls are grabbed to be untied and the
pain sends me reeling towards a black out.  They are set free and very tender.
Ma'am asks me if he want to cook dinner or continue. I am cry uncontrollable and
I am broken. My words are not making any sense and it is now 6.00 o'clock. 

	I hear C say he is a pussy, can't even go 6 hours.  Ma'am says! I worked
him over pretty hard this morning.  Well there is that.  You said he is ours for
12 hours.  He has 6 to go or are you going to show him mercy again.  C, you are
pushing a little too hard again.  Yes Ma'am! T what do you say?  He is your
slave.  Hmmm and she throw a bucket of ice water on me. I loss all my body
function and collapse on the floor.  Hmmm, looks pretty bad and she grabs my
balls. I wake up screaming into my mask again. No he is not dead.  I am begging
them with my eyes to let me go.  Ma'am lets the air out of the ball and removes
the mask.  How are you? I am not so good Ma'am! Pussy what do you think? He has
had enough Ma'ams! Hell, He was done before you brought him down here. Yes He
was?

	I waited for one of you to catch that!!! The assault on his ass robbed
him of the energy he needed to do this, but you hammer him anyway.  This after
we said we were going to keep him.   Why T? I was mad at him. T he was with me,
not some whore at the office.  Yes Ma'am! Why C? I was mad because you let him
fuck and beat me! C you were fucked and beaten because you forgot your place,
how is that his fault.  My sweet Pussy Why?  I was mad he was sleeping with you
and not me. My Love he cannot replace you, but he is now part of the family and
don't I sleep with everyone in the family? Yes Ma'am! Go clean him up and good. 
No one touches him tomorrow understand? Yes Ma'am!

	T! Yes Ma'am! You cook dinner. Yes Ma'am!   Set him and plate at the
table. What?  You heard me, he is one of the family, beside C is eat at my feet
tonight and C you better hope he doesn't want to piss in your bowl? I am out of
it, but I hear that!  P and C take me to the big bathroom to clean up. I start
to come to my sense when he realizes which 2 women I am with.  Please Mistress P
and Mistress C don't hurt me, I am sorry! Please I'll be good, don't hit no
more, please!! Oh he is broken!! C tells me to be quiet; No one is going to hurt
you. Please I'll be good!  P! It is ok, we are just going to clean you up and
take care of you.   When I we got to the big bathroom I knew safe. This has been
the place of rest and peace.  The girls put me in the tub and when my ass hits
the bottom, all I want to do is get out. They push me back down and join me.
Relax we know it hurts, but it will help.  They wash me gentle as my whole body
is on fire and my ass feels like it is 5 times it normal size and it is
throbbing uncontrollable.  My cock and balls are numb and just hanging low, as
they have been stretched for over 5 hours.  They finish clean me up and dry me
off.

	They tell me to lie down on the massage table.  They start to put the
healing ointment on my ass and it to much pain for me. I start crying again;
please no more I'll be good, please!  P come to the front of me and tells me I
know your hurting, but it has to go on.  Pet! Stop saying, No!  I am sorry,
pleases don't tell Ma'am.  I have to, she knows anyway.  She not going to punish
you anymore today or tomorrow and it will be OK!  Shhh, She kisses and hands me
a pill. This will help you! She comforts me, as C finish putting the ointment on
my ass, cock and balls.  The coolness is taking over and easing the pain, but I
am still throbbing badly. Rest here and we will check on dinner.  Mistress P!
Yes! I cannot sit at the table, can you ask Ma'am if I can eat out of the bowl.
Why would you want to do that? So I don't have to sit down. She laughs!

	C, Stayed with him, she is kissing me and gently stokes my hair trying
to comfort me.  She is a funny one; she is the most gentle of all them when she
is in this room, but when she is in bitch mode she is nothing short of the worst
bitch on the planet. I am still fuzzy and not really all there when P comes to
get us.  Dinner is ready and they help me to the dinning room.  I am left
standing in front of my seat. Ma'am?  Yes! Can I eat at your feet? No! Sit down
and now? Yes Ma'am! I slam myself into my chair and it starts the pain all over
again.  I am crying Ma'am coming over to me and tells me to take the pain and
stop crying, understand? Yes Ma'am! Dinner is served and I see my wife for the
first time and she smiles at me.  She kisses me passionately and tells me how
proud she is of me. P and C are laughing and I he hears them say, please not
here you'll ruin our dinner and they all start laughing, including Ma'am. 

	Well I see my family is happy and I like that. I just realized C was at
the table eating with us.  I think better, to say anything. Pet! Yes Ma'am. You
did very well and you earn another night with me. Thank you Ma'am!  So Slut how
is your ass?  They all started laughing at me!  I start crying and they knew I
was in pain, but I did not say a word.  It is Ok Ma'am? Ok enough to take the 24
you have coming?  No Ma'am, but if that is your pleasure I will try and take
them. Hmmm Monday and we have a date for 36 or should I say 144.  Ma'am? Yes! 
If I am asked a yes or O question, how do I answer O without getting in trouble?
I don't know what O is and she bust out laughing. Silly Man they is no right
answer for you. You are asked those questions, because I like to beat you. Now
finish your dinner.  I feel my wife's hand touching me, she smiling at me and
gives me a kiss. Ma'am is very pleased with you.  Dinner is over and we retire
for the night. 

	C and my wife go to one room and then I notice P is with us as we enter
Ma'am's room.  Well I am sleeping on the floor. Ma'am kisses me and tells me we
are going to talk, but first she had to do something.  Without notice she grabs
my balls and pulls me over to the spanking bench.  I will get on the bench
Ma'am, please take it easy please! She squeezes them harder and I fall to the
floor.  She points to my cum from this morning.  What is that did you cum this
morning? Yes Ma'am! Did you have permission to cum? I did not!  Hmmm catch on!
Then suck up your cum, I know how much you like it Slut. I lick the bowl clean
and she picks me up.  Remember this; don't mistake my kindness for weakness,
Understood? Yes Ma'am! Get on the bench and I do without a word.  She locks me
in place and still I don't say anything.  Pat you want to fuck him? Yes Ma'am I
do! I feel P behind me getting ready to fuck me and then she pushes her cock
into me. I moan, but still I don't say a word. Ma'am tells Pussy to fuck me hard
and still I say nothing! Ma'am is in front of me now and sees the tears rolling
off of my face! She tells Pat to stop and go join the other girls!  Pat? Yes
Hon! You don't mine? No Hon! Your right Pat he is broken all the way. I know!!! 

	Tell T she has the prefect slave! My Pet you did well, I will build you
back up now! Relax in my arm and no ones going to hurt the rest of tonight or
tomorrow. She unlocks me and helps me to my feet.  She helps me to the bed, I am
done and she knows it.  She guides my head to her breast and tells me to suck on
her nipples. I suckle on her breast, she knows how safe I feel there.  She runs
her finger through my hair, her touch is magic and I am content.  My Pet? Yes
Ma'am!  We have to talk Pet?  OK Ma'am!  You are Ok for a man, My Pet.  Thank
You Ma'am! But you are still my slave, Understand? Yes Ma'am!  All slaves have
rules to fellow.  The hard limits you have with your wife apply to her and the
girls, not to me. Understand! Yes Ma'am!

	  You have no hard limits with me, as you are now to trust I know what
is best for you and you will do anything I say. Understood? My whole body tense
up and I start crying again. Please Ma'am can I have Just one. NO!!! You are to
trust me, I will decide what you do and don't do.  I pleaded with her; Please
Ma'am please just one!! NO!!! She laughs!  You're worried about being with
another man; for a guy who wanted his wife to turn his ass into her pussy, I
don't understand that?  I don't like men they don't do anything for me! But I
will let a woman do what ever she wants to me for her pleasure I like to please
women!! OK my pet here is my deal.  You have no hard limits me, do you
understand?  Yes Ma'am!  You will trust me and not hesitate when I tell you do
something! The word no never leaves your mouth and you don't bring up this man
thing again and it probably won't happen. Ok Ma'am! But you better Remember if
you go back on any of this your ass is open season for all, understand!! Yes
Ma'am!!!

	Ok now for your daily duties. First off, you now are the cook. I heard
you are a very good cook and the girls and I real did enjoy the meal you made
the other night.  We only eat fresh veggies and not allot of red meat, but I do
like a steak or roast once a week.  The rest is divided between chicken and
fish. Ma'am How about pork? Hmmm only 3 time a month and only pork lion and
stuff like that. I can handle that.  You will prepare a menu for me to review
and the girls will get the stuff to fix it.  You will never leave this house
again! Ma'am? What!  Why can't I leave the house?  You know too much and might
try to escape one day. Ma'am! I would never. Please Ma'am I will go crazy lock
up in the house all the time, Hmmm a little fight left, I am not sure if that is
a good or bad sign! 

	I won't fight you Ma'am no more! I'll be good, I promise Ma'am! I just
want some fresh air ever now and then.  Ma'am laughs that's 12 and you said No!
Please Ma'am, I am sorry!  Please don't make me be with a man! Sorry you broke
our agreement! Please! Shhh my pet! First; you wont have time to go crazy you
will be to busy, but I will let you go out in the back yard every now and then.
Beside you have no clothes to go anywhere. Everything you own was sold or given
away. Ma'am! I hold her tightly and start crying again. Shhh! My pet it better
for you this way.  Besides, know one wears clothes in this house, No one. Boots,
gloves, bras, collars, Hugh cocks and cock and balls harness that is it. 
Understand? Yes Ma'am!

	Second you broken one of my rules and now the No men think is up in the
air.  I am terrified and she knows it. I know better to say anything so I just
cry!  Smart move not saying anything; trust me and you will be ok! Where were
we; Next you will keep your body hair removed, you can do it yourself or the
girls will do it for you! You know what, I just let the girls do it for you.
They love to use a razor around a man balls and give me a wicked smile! Ok now
on to the good stuff your daily routine.  The official day start at noon.  Most
of us get up at 8 or so.  You start the day by worshiping the pussy of the woman
you slept with that night and then you will go and worship everyone else pussy
in this house.  If we are going to eat breakfast that is at 1100, you will be
ready in the kitchen for requested.  Dinner is served at 8.00 or 9.00 and you
will get 2 hours or so to prepare dinner. Now onto your day.

	At noon the circle will start. Ma'am the circle? Yeah remember your
first day, you eat one while another fucks you.  Everyday? Yes! T tells me you
are required to eat pussy, a minimum of 6 hour a day and get fucked daily. 
Ma'am She said that was a onetime deal! Well now it is a daily requirement until
I say otherwise just like getting fucked.  Yes Ma'am! Then you will be cleaned
up for and hour or so and go to the big room. Then you will watch us all fuck
and sit in the chair, I know how much you like that chair.   You will be
spanking daily and CBT will be performed on you daily.  Ma'am! Yes pet! I don't
know if I can handle the beast everyday.  She looks pissed as he said that!
You're making me mad! Ma'am Please don't be mad at me, I just don't want to let
you down anymore more.  My pet what did I tell you about trusting me?  You told
me to trust you.  Well then don't worry about how big everyone cocks going to
be.  I will know if you can or cant take it that is my responsibility as you
Mistress.   I am responsible for your safety, so you don't have to worry about
that. That is your day pet, everyday. You will be told whom you are spending the
night with, after you are clean up after dinner.  My pet! Don't fight your
enslavement and you will do Ok.  You are a slave now and that you will stay the
rest of you days.  She kisses me on the forehead and pets his hair. You are a
good pet; now eat me to sleep my pet. Goodnight! Goodnight Ma'am!

	As I do what I have been told, I think to myself what was I thinking
when I wanted this.  All I wanted was for my wife to be my Mistress. Now I have
four very beautiful and Very horny sadistic bitches as my keepers. They have a
craving for sex and torture, beyond anything I could imagine. I will be used to
I am no more. They say I am one of them now.  Only time will tell, my will to
fight is gone and I am to do as I am told to survive this.  I have to fine a
place in my mind to hide Ma'am has told me; I think I have found it.  As long as
no man has me, I will be safe and I am just satisfying a couple of horny woman. 
Who better then me? I lick and suck Ma'am into frenzy she explodes into orgasm.
My pet you can eat some pussy! I have pleased her and wait for her to tell him
to make love to her with my now aching dick. Goodnight my pet! Sleep well
smelling and tasting my pussy the rest of the night. You'll stay there tonight,
so you will be where you are supposed to be in the morning. Don't want me to be
in a bad mood and ruin your day off.  I fall asleep shortly after that! But it
would be a restless night, as the aching in my unsatisfied dick would keep me up
most of the night.

	

	To be continue




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  UBisSub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





