BDSM Library - The Scholarship Student




The Scholarship Student
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Due to the lack of family support for his college education, the young student was seduced into the trap that his mistresses carefully planned. He was so willing to jump in to it.
The Scholarship Student
by James Lacy


This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in 
any way or published or shown at other web sites without the permission 
of the author. Email: lacyp@erinet.com. 




PART I

The Seduction and First Infraction

Agnes Gilden was forty years young and a widow for two years. When her 
husband passed away, she inherited his computer software business. Her 
inheritance provided her with an annuity of ten thousand dollars a 
month. Comfortable economically, childless and alone, she lived 
modestly in a large old Victorian house near the University.

The University had often asked if she might consider renting rooms to 
students during the school year. At first she resisted, but agreed to 
try it for one semester. Agnes screened several potential boarders 
carefully to weed out potential problems. Living alone, she was 
reluctant to take just anyone. Finally, she settled on a young man, 
Robert Stone, who seemed to fill her requirements. He was slightly 
built, very studious, did not drink or smoke and seemed very serious 
about college.

It was summer now, and soon Robert would be returning to school in the 
fall. He was an above average student and worked hard at his studies. 
Agnes truly liked the young man, and she hoped that he would return in 
the fall. She was anxious to get to know him better. She had wonderful 
and delicious plans for Robert, once she was sure that he was the right 
person.

Outwardly, Agnes was very much the proper relatively young widow. With 
her closest friends, Jane and Martha, she was an extremely sexual 
person, with a passion for domination of either males or females. She 
and her husband had explored these perverse pleasures willingly and 
often. After he died, Agnes continued to covertly indulge her 
pleasures.

Agnes wanted Robert in her circle of domination and submission. She 
knew, in her heart, that Robert would be a perfect submissive. He was 
very shy, did not date, had no friends at the University. But he was 
pleasant and very willing to help with chores around the house. Agnes 
often heard Robert in his room playing with himself. 'Boys will be 
boys', she thought.

Agnes eagerly awaited the fall semester to initiate her young lodger in 
more than another year at college. She was working on Robert's new 
room, next to her own, when she heard the doorbell. When she answered 
the door, she saw it was Robert. "Well, Robert, hello. How wonderful to 
see you." She said happily. She opened the door wider to let him in. He 
quietly stepped inside.

"Mrs. Gilden, I've come to get my stuff. I'm not going to school this 
year. I have to get a job." He said softly. Agnes was stunned.

"Why?" Asked Agnes with a pained look on her face. "I was expecting you 
to back here." He told her that his father said he could not afford 
College. His father told him to move out, get a job and be gone by the 
time he returned home from work. Agnes reached out to him and embraced 
him, holding him tightly, as he cried openly at his bad fortune. "Don't 
worry, Robert, I'm here for you, honey." she said, "I want you to stay 
here tonight, until we can think this through." He just nodded, making 
it clear that Agnes was in control.

Agnes and Robert talked, ate dinner and soon it was time to retire for 
the night. Robert went to bet in his old room. Agnes waited until she 
was sure that he was asleep, then telephoned her friend Jane. "Hello." 
Said the voice in Agnes' ear.

"Jane it's Agnes. I have some great news for both you and Martha." She 
said softly.

"How nice." Said Jane. "Martha is here, visiting with her baby girl. 
Let me put you on the speaker, so she can hear you." Agnes heard the 
click of the speaker then spoke to her friends.

"Hi Martha, you two will be so pleased with my news. I'm sure you 
remember my student boarder of last spring. Well, he may be moving in 
permanently and could join in our 'activities'."

"That's wonderful news, Agnes. How did this come about?" Asked Martha. 
Agnes related Robert's story to her friends. They agreed that it would 
be wonderful if Robert could join their inner circle. Agnes told them 
that she had thought it out, and would talk to Robert in the morning. 
She hung up and climbed the stairs to her bedroom.

Agnes awoke first, the next day, and was busy making breakfast, when 
Robert came into the kitchen. "Good morning, sleepyhead." Teased Agnes, 
as Robert sat down at the table. "Well, Robert, did you get any 
inspiration while you slept?"

"No, Ma'am." He said shaking his head. "I'll just go back home and look 
for a job. - - Maybe I can save up enough for school some day soon. - - 
I don't know." Robert replied. Agnes dried her hands on her apron and 
sat down at the table. She sipped at her coffee then looked deeply at 
Robert.

"Robert, I've been thinking and I have a suggestion, - - no, - - a 
proposition for you. Hear me out first before you answer, then think on 
my proposition." Agnes told him. Robert nodded and Agnes continued. 
"Robert, you know I am fond of you. You have great promise, and it 
would be a tragedy if you did not get the education you so richly 
deserve."

He tried to speak, but Agnes stopped him. "I have been well provided 
for, by my late husband, and, with your agreement, I would like to 
invest in you, Robert. What I mean is, I will advance you the money to 
complete your education, and you can repay me, with interest, when you 
graduate and get a good job."

"There are conditions," she continued, "that I shall strictly impose, 
and I think you will agree that they are for your own good. First, I 
will pay your tuition, books, clothes and other living expenses. 
Second, you must strive for A's in all of your grades, although 
occasionally, a B might be tolerated. Any grade below an A, must be 
satisfactorily explained to me, or I will exact some, as yet 
undetermined, discipline.

"Your education is of paramount importance and must not be compromised. 
Third, if you refuse any, I repeat, any, of my discipline decisions 
this agreement is terminated. Fourth, although you are now nineteen and 
an adult, you will however, always ask my permission to do anything 
other than study, go to classes and do your chores here at the house. 
None of my decisions must be questioned!'

"I know these are harsh terms, but that is the sacrifice you must make, 
to secure your education, and that I must impose, to protect my 
investment. The choice is yours, Robert. What I have outlined solves 
your current dilemma, secures your future and provides the protection 
that I need." Agnes paused for effect, then continued. "Robert, I want 
you to go out and think about my proposition, then come back and tell 
me your decision." Agnes looked deeply into Robert's eyes when she 
finished. He looked stunned! He tried to talk, but she put her fingers 
over his lips and slowly shook her head. He nodded and stood up.

He walked to the front door, opened it and said, "Miss Agnes, I'll go 
think about what you said. I'll be back soon." He stepped out, shutting 
the door behind him. Agnes reached for her phone and speed dialed Jane. 
She spoke excitedly with Jane, explaining the proposal offered to 
Robert. Both of them fantasized about Robert becoming a part of their 
little clan, and improving all their sex lives. Jane told Agnes that 
her plan for Robert made her horny and she wanted to come see her for a 
little while. Agnes said she would be waiting for her, and hung up.

Agnes heard Jane's car pull into the driveway. Jane quickly entered and 
heard Agnes call to come up to her room. She ran up the stairs and 
embraced Agnes in the doorway of her bedroom. They kissed, deeply 
intertwining their tongues, shut the door and began to pull off each 
other's clothes. Agnes locked the door as Jane stepped back to drink in 
Agnes' magnificent naked body that belied her forty years.

She had the body of a woman in her twenties, with medium sized firm 
breasts, without hint of sagging and capped by hard deep red nipples. 
Her hips melded into shapely legs, crowned by a shaved cunt, wet with 
desire. Her long light brown hair hung loosely over her shoulders.

Jane's hair was short and black. Her large heavy breasts had barely 
given ground to gravity in thirty-eight years. Large pink nipples 
protruded nearly half an inch in their hardness. The two women moved 
hand in hand to the bed. Jane too, was bisexual, but more inclined to 
women. Their friend Martha was truly a complete lesbian, but, 
occasionally at the urging of her two friends, would fuck men in the 
frenzy of their kinky sexual orgies.

Jane cupped one of Agnes' tits in her hand and took the nipple into her 
mouth. Agnes moaned with pleasure and soon pulled Jane on top of her, 
in a sixty-nine position, to lick and suck at each other's cunts. They 
eagerly sought out each other's clit to suck, flick and lick their 
sensitive nubs. Each of them had repeated orgasms in their frenzy to 
relieve their sexual frustrations. Finally, they fell beside one 
another, exhausted and spent.

Jane was the first to rise and go in to shower. Agnes joined her and 
they spent a long time washing, rubbing and playing with each other. 
The women toweled their lovely bodies, dried their hair and dressed. 
They went downstairs to get some tea and, hopefully, have Robert return 
to accept Agnes' proposition. When they finished their tea Agnes walked 
Jane to her car. She saw Robert walking towards the house. "Jane, I'll 
call you later. Let me talk to Robert alone, now." Jane nodded, thanked 
her for the marvelous sex and drove off.

"Hi, Robert." Agnes said. "You just missed Jane. She stopped by for tea 
and girl talk." Robert smiled and nodded, as Agnes took his hand and 
led him inside the house. "Well, Robert, did you have a chance to think 
about my proposal?"

"Yes, Miss Agnes, I did." Robert said almost inaudibly. "I have decided 
to accept, if I can work it out."

"Everything will work out, Robert." Said Agnes. She advised Robert to 
go home and gather together his clothes and other possessions and bring 
them back to her house at College Station. Agnes loaned him her Lincoln 
Town Car and instructed him on how to deal with his father. "Leave a 
letter telling your father that you have gone out on your own, and you 
will get in touch with him when you have 'made your fortune'. Thank him 
for all he has done for you, and tell him that you're glad he 
understands that you have to find your own way." Robert returned to 
Agnes' house the next afternoon with his things. That morning, Agnes 
had her attorney prepare the agreement that she had proposed to Robert, 
and he read and signed the contract.

Robert seemed truly happy for the first time since his mother had died. 
When school started, he threw himself industriously into his studies 
and was striving to earn all A's on his grade reports. Agnes, in turn, 
was very supportive of his efforts and enjoyed his company and help at 
the house. It was October, several weeks into the school year, and all 
was going smoothly. Robert was glad that he had accepted Agnes' 
proposal and everything seemed to be falling into place for him. 
Nothing could be better than this, he thought, but soon he might be 
having second thoughts.

Now that Robert lived at Agnes' house full time, all sexual activity 
between Agnes and her two friends, now took place at either Jane's or 
Martha's house. Agnes enjoyed going to Martha's, because she got to 
play with Martha's baby girl as well as the great sex with Jane and 
Martha. Robert suspected that she might be seeing someone, because 
often her face would be flushed when she came home, but he declined 
inquiring in his sponsors business. Jane and Martha would often inquire 
about when Robert would join in their activities. Agnes told them she 
would not broach the subject to him until he had violated his contract.

Agnes would routinely oversee Robert's progress with his studies. 
Daily, she would review his papers, tests, notes etc. to 'protect' her 
investment. In reality, she was looking for a reason to invoke the 
discipline clauses of their contract. This day Robert came home very 
upset with himself. He handed Agnes a math test paper marked C+. Agnes 
was thrilled, but successfully kept her feelings secret from Robert. 
"What is this, Robert?" She asked as sternly as she could, considering 
the fact that she could hardly contain her joy.

"I made an error on the main problem, Miss Agnes," stated Robert. "I'm 
sorry ma'am."

"Robert, sorry just won't do! We have an agreement! - - a contract! I 
might have accepted a B, but Robert, this is a C! - - How could this 
happen?" She demanded.

"I wish I could tell you, Miss Agnes. I just didn't think the problem 
through." Robert said.

"Well, now you have forced me to invoke the discipline provisions of 
our contract, haven't you Robert?" He nodded and lowered his eyes to 
gaze at the floor. "Robert, please follow me down to the basement 
family room." She ordered, spun on her heel and proceeded to the 
basement. Robert followed her, wondering what chore Agnes had in store 
for him to perform in the basement.

They entered the basement room and Agnes closed the door, locking it. 
She took a seat in a padded straight chair and looked into Robert's 
eyes. "Robert, I have decided to teach you not to make mistakes, by 
spanking you." She told him crisply. He looked at her with total 
disbelief in his eyes.

"You're going to spank me?" He asked incredulously.

"Yes! I've decided to spank you. Please remove all your clothes, now!" 
She ordered. Robert could not bring himself to believe what Agnes had 
said. "Robert?" she asked sternly, "Didn't you hear what I've told you? 
If you don't obey me, then you have broken our agreement, and you can 
go gather your things and leave this instant!" Robert was stunned, but 
he slowly removed his shirt, shoes and lowered his pants to his knees.

"I guess the C+ has clogged your ears, Robert. I said to remove all of 
your clothes! Do it now!" He took off his pants and stood in his 
undershirt, shorts and socks. "Robert, everything!" She ordered 
sternly. Robert blushed openly as he removed his socks, undershirt and 
slowly lowered his shorts to stand naked in front of Agnes.

He was visibly mortified, as Agnes looked over his naked body. She 
reveled in his discomfort and prolonged his mental agony by taking her 
time just looking at his nakedness. He had sparse body hair and what he 
had, was fine and blond. His body was slightly built with somewhat 
larger than normal male teats on his chest and dark large nipples, for 
a male. If he had been a girl 'she' would wear a size A cup brassiere.

There was no hair on his chest and his skin was very fair. His waist 
was small and trim and sat atop curved hips that melded gracefully into 
well shaped legs. Robert had a slightly larger than average 
uncircumcised cock, that would probably engorge to nearly seven inches, 
and large balls that hung down very nicely. She had him turn around to 
reveal a trim, rounded and tight ass. Agnes was pleased with all that 
she saw. She smiled as he turned to face her, and could see him 
becoming aroused, as his cock began to stiffen.

"Come here, Robert, and lay across my lap." She pulled her skirt to her 
waist, revealing her lacy bikini panties. She wore no hose, only 
anklets. Embarrassed, Robert lay across her lap with his legs on one 
side, his arms on the other with his hands touching the floor. Agnes 
shifted about to get comfortable, and to increase Robert's discomfort, 
as she prepared to spank him. She placed his now rigidly hard cock 
between her bare thighs.

Robert could feel his cock throb, as her warm inner thighs closed about 
it. He felt as though he might come, but embarrassed, he controlled his 
urge. Next, she grasped his balls in her left hand to prevent him from 
getting up and prepared to spank him with her right hand. "Robert, I've 
not decided on how many strokes to deliver, but I'll place an equal 
number on each of your lovely ass cheeks. I do not expect any sounds 
from you. I expect you to take your strokes, 'like a man', without 
objection."

Before starting, her curiosity caused her to part his ass cheeks 
slightly, to view his hairless pink asshole, which she decided to 
reserve for future treats. She raised her hand, paused for effect and 
harshly landed the first blow with her open hand. Robert jerked hard as 
the blow landed, but did not cry out. Agnes alternated asscheeks, as 
she continued to pummel Robert's ass. He began to moan softly, as he 
could feel the heat building on his ass cheeks, from the fierce 
spanking he was receiving.

Agnes could see his flesh turning a brighter red in color with each 
blow. Robert began to writhe from the pain being visited on his ass, 
but additionally, he could feel his cock begin to seep pre-come. Soon 
the pain, though severe, became secondary to the pleasure building in 
Robert's cock. His balls had become drawn up and his scrotum hard, as 
his urge to come became stronger. He realized that he welcomed and even 
enjoyed the pain, while it prevented him from the embarrassment of 
coming all over Agnes' inner thighs.

They both lost count of the number of blows. Robert found the mixed 
pain and pleasure delightful. He hoped that Agnes would continue until 
he exploded, coming all over her. His wish was denied as Agnes stopped 
spanking him and had him stand up. She positioned him with his legs 
spread wide, bent him over so his hands pressed flat on the floor. His 
position left him with his ass, cock and balls fully exposed. His rock 
hard cock, nestled tightly against his belly, was freely seeping pre-
come, which threatened to drip onto the carpet.

Agnes wiped the pre-come with her finger and tasted his seed. It was 
thick, clear and salty. She pulled hard at his scrotum to loosen it, 
then begin to lightly slap and spank his balls with her open hand. He 
felt the light blows striking his balls. It hurt, yet felt good enough 
to harden his cock even more. Both he, and Agnes, could feel his cock 
throbbing, with each blow that Agnes landed on his aching, but pleasure 
filled balls. Agnes sensed that he would explode in a sea of come, and 
abruptly quit spanking Robert's sore balls.

"Now, Robert, let that be a lesson to you, to pay more attention to 
your studies." Agnes stated as she pulled off her panties and sat down 
again in the chair. "Get on all fours, Robert, and turn to face me. 
Robert got on his hands and knees, turned to face Agnes and looked 
directly into her smoothly shaved and wet cunt. "You see what you have 
caused, Robert. Now, you must relieve me of all the tension I have 
built up in punishing you."

She spread her legs wide and drew his head toward her steaming cunt. 
Robert could see her clitoris, upright and peeking out between her cunt 
lips. "Now lick my pussy, until I'm satisfied." Robert, though stunned 
at this command, opened his mouth, placed it on her cunt and began to 
lick. Agnes could tell that this was Robert's first time to ever suck a 
cunt, and she guided him, telling him what she wanted him to do.

She had him draw his tongue along the outside of her cunt lips, up and 
down the sides without touching her clit. As he approached the bottom 
of her cunt, Agnes lifted her legs high and pushed his head down, to 
place his tongue on her pouting asshole. She bucked, as his tongue 
reamed at her asshole and she lowered her legs, bringing her cunt back 
to his mouth. Now, she directed his mouth to her clit and urged him to 
lick, nibble and suck at her sensitive nub. Gasping, she grabbed his 
head in both her hands and exploded in a series of gut wrenching 
orgasms, crying out in wild pleasure, at her satisfaction. As her 
orgasms subsided and ceased, she disengaged his mouth from her cunt. 
Agnes bent down to meet Robert's upturned head and kissed him full on 
the mouth, forcing her tongue inside to taste her own juices. She dried 
her wet cunt with her panties and stood up.

"Now you know what torment awaits you, if you don't apply yourself to 
your studies." She told him. I know you're aroused, Robert, but part of 
your punishment is to withhold your fulfillment until some later time. 
Your contract requires you to get my permission to do anything not 
covered in the agreement. Well, Robert, you must have my permission to 
come, and I will not give it to you now. Perhaps later, but you may 
never masturbate, fuck anyone or otherwise bring yourself to orgasm 
without my permission. Do you understand? Is that clear?"

"Yes, Miss Agnes." A stunned Robert heard himself saying, as his aching 
genitals and burning ass cheeks screamed for relief. He could not 
believe what Agnes was demanding, let alone that he was agreeing to her 
demands.

Stand up, Robert." Agnes placed leather restraints on his wrists and 
locked them together. She attached the wrist restraints to a chain that 
she lowered from the ceiling. Agnes pulled the chain taut, pulling 
Robert's arms over his head. Next, she tied his feet together with a 
soft rope and left him suspended from the chain with his feet barely 
flat on the carpet. "There! That should leave you in position to think 
about your grades for awhile."

Agnes grasped her wet panties and stuffed them in Robert's mouth, then 
gagged him with a silk scarf. "That should keep you quiet, until I come 
back for you later." Next, she placed a clothespin on each of his 
nipples, causing him to cry out in pain. Robert pulled at his chain 
futilely, as Agnes turned out the light and left the room. In the dim 
basement light he could feel his cock, aching to come, throbbing 
between his legs.

Frightened, he wondered if Agnes would leave him there, or return to 
release him. He was thoroughly humiliated and intimidated at his 
ordeal. The dim daylight that had slightly illuminated the room faded 
and Robert was terrified in the total darkness. His arms, wrists and 
nipples ached nearly as much as his burning ass cheeks and his very 
sore balls.

Robert did not know how long he hanged suspended from the chain, but he 
thought it had been over an hour. He heard footsteps on the stairs and 
suddenly he was blinded, as the light came on. He heard two people 
moving about. Slowly his eyes focused and he was mortified to see Jane 
smiling at him. It was obvious that Agnes had told her of the spanking 
discipline she had invoked. He was stunned to see that both women were 
naked.

"Robert," said Agnes, "Jane is an expert Masturbitrix, as well as an 
expert lover. I have asked her to continue your discipline tonight, 
using her special expertise." Jane smiled and her lovely breasts 
jiggled as she stepped toward Robert and softly grasped his cock. 
Instantly his cock began to harden until it stuck out proudly. Slowly, 
Jane began run her fingers lightly over his cock and balls. The 
sensation was electrifying, as Robert writhed from the wonderful 
fingers playing with his genitals. He moaned through his gag and swayed 
toward Jane to receive more caresses, and the unbearably wonderful 
stimulation. Pre-come appeared at his cock hole and flowed over the 
bulbous velvety cock head. Jane began to move his foreskin back and 
forth over his cock head while she lightly fondled his balls. She 
smiled as he writhed and jerked from the wonderful sensations of 
pleasure Jane was giving him. She could feel his cock and balls 
throbbing in her hand, and she sensed he was about to come.

Without warning, the wonderful fondling sensations were painfully 
replaced with a vicious slap across his cock head. That was instantly 
followed by several harsh backhands to his balls. He gasped for breath, 
as the extreme pain caused him to pull his knees up to his chest, fully 
suspending him from the chain. The gag prevented him from crying out 
and he moaned, hanging painfully, in front of his tormentor. Jane 
grinned sweetly at him and resumed the wonderful fondling of his cock 
and balls.

The pain was soon transformed to pleasure, as Jane's magic hands and 
fingers teased him unmercifully. Robert struggled hard to avoid coming, 
and tried not to let Jane feel his cock throb, as she fondled him. 
Soon, however, he resumed seeping pre-come, and neared orgasm. His cock 
began to spasm, as if dancing, to the marvelous ministrations of the 
expert Masturbitrix.

Tears rolled down his cheeks, as he realized he was about to come. 
Jane, too, sensed his impending orgasm and quashed it by fiercely 
slapping his cock and balls. Robert moaned and slumped again on his 
chain. His eyes were rolling in their sockets from the pain that left 
him barely conscious. Jane gave him no time to recover, as she resumed 
fondling his cock and balls. This game, of extreme pleasure followed by 
excruciating pain, continued for nearly two hours, as Jane nor Agnes 
never seemed to tire of it.

Robert struggled to recover from another fierce pummeling of his balls. 
Agnes lowered him to the floor and moved the ceiling chain, from his 
wrists, to his ankles. She repositioned the chain, pulling his legs up 
off the floor until he rested on his shoulders, with his hard cock 
pointed at his face. Agnes picked up a paddle and started to spank his 
burning ass cheeks, while Jane resumed her wonderful tickling and 
fondling of his genitals.

The simultaneous pain of the spanking paddle, coupled with the 
extraordinary pleasure of Jane's fondling fingers, quickly brought 
Robert to another extreme state of arousal. His pre-come dripped onto 
his face and his satiny cockhead throbbed under the magic teasing of 
Jane's ministrations. He braced himself for the painful assault that he 
knew was in store for him, as his cock throbbed uncontrollably. As he 
neared orgasm, Jane continued to pleasure him by lightly stroking and 
rubbing his cock and balls. She smiled sweetly at him and grasped his 
cock fully in her hand and actively masturbated him with firm masterful 
strokes.

Robert's cock exploded with volleys of come erupting from deep in his 
balls. His eyes were riveted on the globules of thick white creamy 
come, as they were forcefully propelled outward from his cock arcing 
toward his face. As he orgasmed, Agnes ripped the gag and panties from 
his mouth, creating an oral receptacle to receive his come. The first 
globules of semen struck him full in the mouth and splashed into his 
throat. He swallowed to keep from gagging, as the next volley splashed 
on his lips and chin. The eruptions continued, as Jane increased her 
pace of masturbating him, to extract even more of the thick salty come 
from Robert's cock and balls.

Finally, he stopped coming and dripped the last of his semen onto his 
face. Agnes stopped spanking him and kneeled next to him to wipe the 
come on his face and cheeks into his mouth, with her fingers. Jane took 
his cock into her mouth and cleaned away the residual come with her 
tongue. The women released him and helped him to stand. Robert, 
breathing hard, confessed that he had never before tasted semen. They 
told him he had endured admirably, for his first time, and there would 
be many future opportunities for him to taste his come.

"Robert," said Agnes, I want you to wear this device, to prevent you 
from cheating and achieving an orgasm while you are in bed." She held 
out a pair of handcuffs connected to a collar which, when worn, would 
prevent the wearer from touching their genitals, without bending over 
into a near fetal position. She placed the collar with the handcuffs 
attached, around his neck and locked it with a padlock. Next, she 
fitted him with a nylon net equivalent of a male chastity belt, which 
she clasped about his cock and balls and locked it with a similar small 
padlock.

Next, she attached a chain with small links to his 'chastity belt', ran 
the chain between his legs and ass cheeks to a ring at the back of his 
collar. If he tried to bend over, or get into a fetal position, to play 
with his cock, the chain pulled his chastity belt, and hence his cock, 
back away from his hands. There was no way he could reach his genitals 
to induce an orgasm. Satisfied, Agnes unlocked the door and told him to 
follow her upstairs to the kitchen for supper. "Incidentally, Robert, 
you relieved my tensions very nicely with your tongue, for your first 
time."

Robert was stunned with his predicament. As crazy as it seemed, he had 
thoroughly enjoyed the spanking of both his asscheeks and his balls. He 
loved Jane's masturbating him, even with the painful efforts she used 
to prevent him from coming. There was no question that being forced to 
suck Mrs. Gilden's cunt was a most pleasurable learning experience. 
However, being denied the opportunity of orgasm was incomprehensible to 
him.

Robert found that even with his wrists chained, he could feed himself, 
write, do his homework and other tasks without any problems from his 
restraints. When he tried to reach his knees or genitals the chain 
pulled at his chastity device, preventing him from reaching anything 
below his waist. Both Agnes and Jane laughed at his predicament. Agnes 
placed their supper on the table and sat down to eat. Robert sat 
gingerly as his ass and balls were still sore and aching. He served 
himself and began to eat.

"Robert, I know you don't fully agree with my decision, but I believe 
this is the best way to protect my investment, and the proper 
discipline for you. After your urges subside and you wake up tomorrow, 
I'll remove the restraints and you can go to school. I will speak no 
more of this tonight. Just remember your contract and, that I say what 
I mean, and I mean what I say!" With this admonition, the women helped 
him up the stairs to his bedroom.

They lay his tormented and chained body on his bed, admonishing him to 
refrain from getting any more C's on his test papers. Both Agnes and 
Jane kissed him good night and tucked him in. Naked, they went off arm 
in arm to Agnes' bedroom. As sleep began to overtake Robert, he could 
hear Agnes and Jane moaning while making love to each other. His balls 
and cock hurt and his ass cheeks burned, but he fell asleep smiling at 
his good fortune, and with the knowledge that it would happen again 
soon and often.




PART II

Aunt Jane and Roberta

In the days following his first discipline session, Robert found 
himself doing things that he knew would cause Miss Agnes to punish him. 
He thoroughly enjoyed the spankings, even though he pretended that he 
did not. Agnes realized that Robert looked forward to the sessions and 
soon found any pretext to provide him with what they both needed. Often 
she invited Jane to join her in disciplining Robert.

She spanked him nearly every day, followed by his giving her incredible 
oral sex. Occasionally, she would allow him to come by having him 
masturbate for her. She had decided not to let Robert fuck her, 
preferring to wait until Martha too, had joined their sessions. Agnes 
and Jane decided that Robert was now ready to be presented to their 
friend Martha. After an early supper Agnes told him that they would 
have company that evening. Aunt Jane was coming to see them again.

"Robert, I've asked Aunt Jane to join us this evening, again." She 
advised him. Robert was mortified, and the look on his face told her 
that he was confused. "Dear Robert, you needn't be so confused. You 
thoroughly enjoy Aunt Jane. She knows the most delightful games that we 
can play together, with you as the main player." She continued. "I also 
intend to bring Aunt Martha into our secret games so that we may all 
enjoy you, Robert. Won't that be wonderful?"

"Yes, Miss Agnes." Said Robert quietly. He felt a certain excitement at 
expanding the players in their sex games, but he also felt a great deal 
of apprehension. "What will we be doing together, Miss Agnes?" He 
asked.

"Oh telling you now will spoil the wonderful surprises they have in 
store for you." Agnes replied. "Soon, you will deliciously know." She 
smiled at him and began to close the drapes at all the windows. "Come 
help me prepare, Robert." They moved some of the furniture to the sides 
of the room and placed a bench in the center of the room. She smiled at 
Robert as they both heard a car door shut. "That must be your Aunt 
Jane." She said as she hurried to let her in. Jane was visibly excited 
as she entered the room and smiled at Robert. "Hello, Aunt Jane." 
Robert greeted her.

"Hi, Robert, I'm so glad to be here tonight. We're going to have a 
marvelous time." Jane said as she embraced him. Agnes took Jane's hand 
and led her to one of two overstuffed chairs near the center of the 
living room where they both sat down.

"Robert," began Agnes, "Please step up onto the bench and remove all of 
your clothes." Robert blushed deeply at the order and he hesitated, 
looking to Agnes to change her mind. "Now, please, Robert." Agnes 
repeated sternly. Resigned to his fate, Robert stepped onto the bench 
and slowly began to strip. When he was naked, self consciously, he held 
his hand over his genitals. "Robert, move your hands so we may see your 
cock, please." Agnes stated with agitation in her voice. Robert moved 
his hands to reveal his cock, beginning to engorge and harden.

"How nice." Remarked Jane as her eyes roamed over his entire body. 
"Turn around, please, so I can see your backside again." He complied, 
slowly, still blushing. Jane looked over his tight little ass and 
clasped her hands together as she exclaimed, "Oh Aggie, he's perfect!" 
Agnes smiled pleasantly at her friend and got up to turn Robert around 
to face them. He had a raging hard on, which projected upward its full 
length, with his balls tightly pulled up into a rounded sack at the 
base of his cock.

"Robert, please masturbate for your Aunt Janie and me, dear." Agnes 
told him. Robert's face flushed and turned an even deeper red as he 
resigned himself to following Miss Agnes' directions. He slowly rubbed 
his nipples to stimulate himself and make his cock even harder. Next, 
he grasped his cock in his right hand and moved the foreskin down 
revealing a pinkish purple cockhead, which disappeared back into the 
skin with the upstroke.

He continued to alternately lightly rub his nipples with his left hand 
as he stroked his cock's foreskin back and forth. Robert's obvious 
humiliation worked to delay his arousal towards orgasm, to the delight 
of the two ladies earnestly watching him masturbate. They thoroughly 
enjoyed his squirming and attempts to bring himself to ejaculate, 
although Robert was obviously embarrassed at his predicament.

Jane was very aroused at the scene before her. She reluctantly rejected 
an urge to reach into her skirt to join Robert in masturbating, in 
favor of waiting until she finished with her plans for him. Robert's 
need to come intensified, as he closed his eyes, while continuing to 
stroke his cock and rub his nipples. As his orgasm began to boil in his 
balls, Agnes recognized the signs, and rose to stand with her palms 
cupped in front of his cock. Jane, too, rose to stand near Robert, as 
he grew closer to coming.

He began to moan softly as his balls throbbed with desire and his cock 
heavily seeped pre-come, which flowed slowly over his now bulbous cock 
head. "Discipline, Robert, discipline." Agnes warned him. "I don't want 
you coming just yet. Hold it - - fight it - - don't give in, be strong, 
Robert, - - be strong!" He looked at her with tears in his eyes, as he 
struggled not to come until given permission.

Jane marvelled at how well Agnes had trained him and how he struggled, 
against the odds, to obey her. Agnes was visibly pleased at Robert's 
restraint and she continued to withhold permission for him to come. She 
kept silently mouthing the word 'no' while moving her head from side to 
side in a negative signal. Robert continued masturbating while tears 
were welling up in his eyes. His knees were buckling and the pre-come 
seeping thickly from his cock head.

The stand-off between he and Agnes continued for several minutes, to 
Jane's total delight, until Robert could no longer contain his orgasm. 
Without the permission he sought, Robert exploded in a massive orgasm, 
spewing volumes of come into Agnes' open hands, poised to receive it. 
His spasms brought forth streams of thick frothy globules of creamy 
semen splashing into Agnes' palms.

Robert's knees buckled completely and Jane grabbed him to prevent him 
from falling off the bench. She helped him sit down as his cock stopped 
coming and slowly became flaccid. The orgasm was so intense that he was 
barely conscious as he looked at Jane weakly and silently mouthed 
'thank you' for preventing him from falling. Agnes was not as 
charitable. She displayed a mock irritation that he had disobeyed her. 
She scooped up a finger full of his come from her palms and wiped it 
over his lips.

"Robert, you were told to masturbate, not come! When you do not receive 
permission to come, young man, we must put this back where it came 
from." Agnes said, as he opened his mouth to lick the come from his 
lips. She held up her come covered palm and he licked the thick creamy 
semen from her palms and swallowed it all. Jane, unable to contain 
herself, dropped to her knees to take Robert's cock into her mouth to 
clean and milk all the remaining come from his now flaccid cock.

"I'm very disappointed in this performance for your Aunt Jane, Robert. 
I expected you to wait for permission to come, but no, you decided to 
disobey and mortify me before my friend. I must decide the proper 
punishment for you, you naughty boy!" Agnes said sternly, feigning 
irritation with Robert. "Lick your lips, Robert, to clean off all your 
come. I'll consult with your Aunt Jane as to what punishment you will 
receive. Meanwhile, sit on the bench until we decide!" With that 
admonition Agnes and Jane pretended to quietly discuss the 'dilemma' 
and then put their predetermined plan in effect.

"Robert, we've decided. Please follow us to the bath room." The two 
women placed Robert in the bathtub, removed their clothes, and naked, 
got into the tub with him. Jane took every opportunity to rub her large 
tits against Robert's face or body. She took the hand held shower and 
sprayed away all traces of semen from Robert's body and Agnes' hands.

Jane soaked the sparse hair on Robert's body with the hot water to 
soften it for the razor. "Robert, Aunt Jane is going to shave all the 
hair from your underarms, arms, legs and crotch. Lay back and enjoy 
it." Agnes instructed. Robert nodded his acquiescence and lay back with 
his arms over his head.

Jane lathered Robert's body and expertly began to shave his crotch and 
legs. She completed shaving his lower body, sprayed the hair from his 
body and moved her razor to his underarms. Agnes seized the opportunity 
to fondle Robert's balls and took his semi flaccid cock into her mouth. 
Robert instantly got a hard-on from the pleasure of feeling and seeing 
Agnes suck his cock.

This was the first time she had taken his cock into her mouth to suck 
him. Agnes continued to suck and lick his cock head while Jane shaved 
his body. Robert reveled in having his cock sucked by his superior 
lover. He could feel his balls churning with come as Agnes began to 
deep throat his cock, while continuing to draw her tongue about his 
cock head to lick up the pre-come that was now seeping out of his 
cockhole.

Agnes lifted her head from his cock and smiled as she told him that he 
had permission to come at anytime he wished, but to wait until the last 
possible second. She kissed him on the lips then dipped her head to 
resume sucking and licking his cock. Jane finished shaving his 
underarms just as Robert erupted in another massive orgasm.

He expelled his frothy semen deep into Agnes' mouth and it ricocheted 
against the back of her throat onto her tongue. Agnes wrapped her 
tongue around his cock and happily swallowed his thick creamy offering. 
She lifted her head with Robert's final offering of semen on her 
tongue. Jane leaned towards Agnes, kissed her, and hungrily took the 
semen offering into her own mouth. She licked her lips, then sprayed 
the hair and lather from Robert's underarms.

Jane got out of the tub to fetch a depilatory cream, advertised to 
prevent hair from growing back, and applied it over all the shaved 
areas on Robert's body including his face cheeks. While waiting for the 
cream to do its work, Jane spread his ass cheeks and shaved the wispy 
hairs around his asshole. She spread the cream around his asshole too, 
kissed him on the mouth, then thrust her face onto Agnes' bald cunt.

She greedily sucked the clit until Agnes' came hard, spreading her 
juices all over Jane's eager face. With Agnes breathing heavily, Jane 
washed the cream from Robert's body, stood in the tub, and brought 
Robert's mouth to her cunt. "Suck it!" She screamed with pleasure as 
his tongue lustily engaged her clit.

Robert brought Jane to several marvelous orgasms and she wearily moved 
away from him to recover. Agnes helped them both get out of the tub and 
dry off. The women powdered Robert's body and laid out the clothes they 
had selected for him. Robert's puzzled look prompted Agnes to explain 
to Robert why they selected the special clothes.

"Robert, you are still being punished for your earlier indiscretion in 
coming without permission. Wearing these clothes will help pay for that 
lapse of judgement." Without waiting for a reply, Agnes rolled up the 
nylon stocking in her hands and put it on Robert's leg. She did the 
same to the other leg and smoothed it out.

Jane fitted a nylon net cock and balls harness around his genitals and 
pulled it tight, tying the cord snugly. She fitted a light chain around 
his waist that had a chain and clasp hanging down between his ass 
cheeks. She pulled the harness tightly around his genitals, until his 
cock and balls were pulled back between his legs, then connected the 
clasp to the chain from his waist. This arrangement effectively hid his 
genitals from showing under his clothes and prevented him from getting 
a complete erection.

Agnes put a pair of lacy white bikini thong panties on Robert, followed 
by a white garter belt to which she attached Robert's nylons. Jane 
brought forth a white lacy brassiere, cup size A, and fitted it to 
Robert's teats and chest. As Agnes suspected, Robert's teats tightly 
and neatly, fit into the brassiere giving the impression that there 
were more tits there than the brassiere could effectively hold. There 
was just enough cleavage to look legitimate to any observer.

Jane brought forth a tight fitting pink mini dress and pulled it over 
Robert's head, smoothed it out and zipped up the back. Agnes placed a 
pair of dainty pearl earrings on his ears and a pearl necklace about 
his neck. Robert slipped his feet into a pair of dressy low heel pumps 
while Jane securely fitted him with a dark auburn wig. The women 
applied bright red lipstick to his lips, lightly powdered his face and 
dabbed a hint of perfume behind his ears and at his 'cleavage'. 
Finally, the ladies stepped back to admire their creation. Satisfied, 
they marched Robert to a large mirror where he gazed at a gorgeous 
young redhead, with great legs and a slight, but lovely bosom.

"Robert, I'd like you to meet Roberta!" Exclaimed Agnes as she and Jane 
applauded. Robert could not believe his eyes. He, or rather 'she', was 
beautiful! He turned sideways and could find no flaw in his costume or 
any hint that he was not a young woman.

"Oh God, Roberta, I could sure go for you!" Said Jane as she admired 
'Roberta'. "If either of you ask me, I think we ought to strip you 
naked and fuck your brains out!"

"Roberta, we've decided to take you to Aunt Martha's so she can see you 
and you can play with her baby girl." Agnes told 'her'. "When you are 
dressed like this you will be called, Roberta, and you will not answer 
to any other name unless we decide to give you a feminine nickname. Do 
you understand?"

"Yes, Miss Agnes." He said. Then with a bewildered look he asked, "How 
often do you think that you will dress me as 'Roberta'?"

"Often, Roberta, very often." Replied Agnes. "As a matter of fact, both 
Aunt Jane and I will be shopping for more clothes for 'Roberta' while 
you are at school tomorrow."

"Smile, darling." Said Jane as she snapped a Polaroid picture of 
'Roberta'. "Well, Aggie, we're standing here butt naked while 'Roberta' 
is ready to go out and boogie. We better get our asses in gear, 
sweetie." They laughed at Jane's remark and the ladies set about to 
dress themselves for the evening.

Robert sat on the bed to await them and wondered about how his life had 
turned around. From despair, when his father had kicked him out, to 
sitting on top of the world, with sexy ladies introducing him to 
unbelievable sexual pleasures. He thanked his lucky stars as Jane and 
Agnes finished dressing. The three of them descended the stairs and 
went out to Agnes' car. He knew that he would enjoy his new life 
immensely.




PART III

Aunt Martha and her Baby

Agnes drove, with Jane in front and 'Roberta' seated royally in the 
back seat of the luxury sedan. The drive to Aunt Martha's was 
relatively short and they arrived within thirty minutes. Martha too, 
lived at the edge of College Station. It was just far enough away from 
any other house that it provided sufficient privacy for Martha, Jane 
and Agnes to conduct their sensual and kinky activities. The women, 
including 'Roberta', climbed the stairs to the high porch and rang the 
doorbell.

The door was opened by a pretty, very tall, perhaps six feet plus, 
blond woman who was well shaped with very large breasts and a narrow 
waist. She could only be described as Amazonian. She welcomed Agnes and 
Jane with hugs and kisses, then grasped 'Roberta' by the hands and 
looked 'her' over from head to foot. "I can't believe how beautiful you 
are!" She exclaimed.

"Come here and hug your Aunt Martha, 'Roberta'." Martha's strong arms 
wrapped around 'Roberta' and held her close as she kissed her on both 
cheeks. "Please, come in - come in." Martha led them to a nice, but 
sparsely furnished, living room and bade them sit down. "Sit down while 
I get the tea." Martha told them as she disappeared into the kitchen. 
In just a few moments she reappeared with a tray containing a tea 
service and cookies. The ladies took their tea and relaxed in the 
pleasant company.

"So, Martha, tell us about your baby girl." Jane said to her.

"She's doing just fine." Martha replied. "Everyday she becomes more of 
a joy than the day before. Ellen is resting now, but she'll join us 
later." Martha was fascinated with 'Roberta' and kept finding little 
reasons to touch her face, arms or pat her affectionately on the 
shoulders. "Roberta, I just can't wait to see you naked." She said 
candidly. Robert nearly dropped his teacup at this unexpected intimacy 
and blushed deeply pink. "Oh how wonderful," said Martha, "She's 
blushing. - - How innocent, - - how marvelous."

"Don't fret, Martha, we won't disappoint you. You don't for one minute 
think we just came to chat and drink tea, do you?" Jane teased her 
friend. The three ladies laughed as 'Roberta' smiled nervously. Agnes 
took 'Roberta' by the hand and led 'her' to the center of the room. She 
returned to her seat and the three of them admired the beautiful young 
'girl' that stood apprehensively before them. Martha motioned for 'her' 
to turn around slowly so they could admire 'her' completely. Obviously, 
Martha was more than pleased, as she smiled and licked her lips 
unconsciously.

"Roberta, please remove your dress." Said Agnes quietly. Robert was 
mortified and began to blush again. As he started to reach for the 
zipper behind him, he noticed a young woman crawling into the room on 
hands and knees. She was naked, except for the adult diaper she wore, 
and the large cock shaped pacifier she held in her hand. She had large 
firm breasts with hard nipples that protruded impressively from the 
dark pink areolas that surrounded them. Her hair was a thick strawberry 
blond that fell to her shoulders. She curled up in a corner and began 
sucking on the cock shaped pacifier.

"Ah," said Martha, "This is my baby girl, Ellen. - - Say hi, Ellen." 
The young woman just blinked at them and continued sucking the 
pacifier. "I guess were not ready to talk, yet." Martha stated, to 
excuse Ellen's reluctance to greet the guests. Robert's flushed face 
turned even redder as he looked at the young woman who, in turn, was 
intently watching him. He guessed that she was around twenty years old. 
"Baby, are you wet? - - Does Mama need to change your diaper?" Martha 
asked. Ellen began to rub a nipple and slowly nodded yes to her 'Mama'.

Martha arose and fetched a clean diaper from a drawer, along with some 
baby talcum powder. "Come to Mama, Ellie." Martha told her. The young 
woman crawled to her 'mother' and lay down on her back still looking at 
Robert standing in the middle of the room. Martha removed the wet 
diaper, as Ellie still toyed with her nipple. She raised her shapely 
ass off the floor high enough for Martha to slide a clean diaper 
underneath her.

Ellie spread her legs, to be powdered, revealing a smooth hairless cunt 
with well defined cuntlips and a stiff little clit just peeping out 
between the cuntlips. Martha finished diapering her 'baby girl' and 
left her lying on the floor as the attention returned to 'Roberta'. 
"Ellie likes you, Roberta." Martha smiled and returned to her seat.

"Continue please, Roberta." Directed Agnes. Robert grasped the zipper, 
pulled it down and drew the dress from her shoulders letting it fall to 
the floor. Gracefully, emulating a woman, to the degree that he could, 
he stepped out of the dress and pushed it aside with his toe. Agnes 
gathered up the dress and motioned for him to slowly turn about. Martha 
was enthralled with the sight before her.

Agnes and Jane, too, were amazed at their creation. 'Roberta' was 
absolutely beautiful. "Remove your bra, Roberta." Agnes continued. 
Robert unfastened the small hook in the front of the bra and let it 
fall. His teats were revealed with his little nipples hard and sticking 
out as far as they could.

"Oh, what beautiful little titties!" Exclaimed Martha, clasping her 
hands together as she arose to examine them closer. Lightly, she drew 
her fingertips all over Robert's teats and nipples as she fondled them. 
Robert could feel his cock straining to become erect in the nylon net 
prison that engulfed his cock and balls.

Martha bent down and slowly licked first one then the other, nipple of 
the little titties she was fondling. Robert's arousal was evident as 
his cock was visibly throbbing in its nylon net. Jane joined Martha in 
sucking 'Roberta's' nipples and fondling his titties. The two women 
began to alternate from one nipple to the other, pausing occasionally 
to kiss and intertwine their tongues.

Robert's arousal was as complete as it could get, given his nylon bound 
genitals, and he reveled in the wonderful attention being visited on 
his nipples. Agnes sat down on the floor next to Ellen and opened her 
diaper revealing the 'baby's' now moist cunt. She took the pacifier 
from Ellen's mouth and used it to rub Ellen's clit, occasionally 
dipping it in the moisture of the girl's cunt.

Ellen too, was getting very aroused from watching Jane and Martha 
sucking Robert's titties, and from Agnes rubbing her clit. As they 
watched 'Roberta' being sexually molested, Agnes dipped the pacifier 
deep into Ellen's now wet cunt then put it into the 'baby' girls' 
mouth. Ellen continued to play with her nipple and Agnes accommodated 
her by rubbing the other nipple and continuing to play with her clit.

"Ellie," asked Agnes, "do you think Roberta is a pretty girl?" Ellie 
nodded yes, as she watched the two women play with Robert. Jane slowly 
pulled 'Roberta's' panties down to reveal his genitals encased in nylon 
netting. Martha smiled with anticipation, as she untied the cord 
holding the net and Robert's cock sprang out in an immediate hard on.

"Surprise!" Agnes exclaimed to Ellie, as the 'baby' girl's eyes were 
riveted on Robert's upright cock and hang down balls. The 'baby' 
giggled and clapped her hands with joy at the surprise. "Ellie," asked 
Agnes replacing the diaper, "Would you like to play with that?" 
pointing to Robert's cock. Ellie nodded her head and crawled toward 
Robert.

Ellen cupped his balls and rubbed her face all over Robert's cock. She 
dipped under his cock and let his balls rub her face too. Next, she 
licked at his balls until they were fully wet from her saliva. Slowly 
she began licking at the base of his cock, moving upward with her 
tongue until the shaft of his cock was as wet as his balls. She drew 
her tongue around the rim of his now bulbous cockhead and licked the 
top of the cockhead, avoiding the pre-come seeping from the hole.

Ellen's long tongue wrapped part way around the cockhead and licked 
lightly at the sensitive underside. Immediately a thick globule of pre-
come bubbled out and slowly flowed down the front of his upright cock. 
The 'baby' girl's tongue flicked the globule quickly into her mouth and 
her lips fully engulfed Robert's cockhead.

Ellen began to move her head up and down over the fully erect cock and 
started to deep throat Robert's throbbing member. She reached down with 
one hand to hold his balls and cockshaft, while masturbating herself 
with the other. Robert was moaning and writhing from the 'baby girl's' 
tongue and he could feel his balls boiling with semen that needed to be 
spewed forth in a tremendous eruption. He looked down at Ellen, who had 
brought herself to a wrenching orgasm with her fingers, as she 
continued to suck Robert's cock.

His gaze turned to Agnes, where his eyes were asking her for permission 
to come. She smiled sweetly at him and said quietly, "Roberta, 'baby' 
Ellen can come anytime she wants to. You, however, do not have 
permission to come. You came earlier this evening without permission, 
and your punishment is not yet over. Please enjoy Ellen's orgasms as 
though they were your own, darling." Agnes smiled sweetly at him again 
and encouraged Ellen to redouble her efforts.

Jane and Martha had removed their clothes and were completely naked. 
They stopped Ellen momentarily, and laid 'Roberta' down on the floor. 
Jane squeezed Robert's cockhead to deflect his desire to come, then 
allowed Ellen to return to licking and sucking his cock. Martha's large 
heavy tits jiggled mightily as she straddled Robert's shoulders and 
lowered her cunt to his mouth.

Her thick thighs held his head tightly giving him little access to air 
and he struggled to breathe, as he sucked Martha's succulent and 
moisture laden cunt. His struggle to catch his breath caused his urge 
to come subside. Martha's orgasm shook her large frame and she 
tightened her thighs around Robert's head, while she shuddered through 
several orgasms.

Robert thought his lungs would burst as her thick thighs sometimes 
blocked his ability to breathe. She released her tight grip as she 
finished coming, and spryly turned about to offer Robert her asshole 
for him to lick and suck. He complied immediately. By now, Agnes was 
also naked, and had joined Jane in sucking both Robert's and Ellen's 
tits, sucking, pulling and biting at their nipples. Agnes and Jane each 
took one of Robert's hands and placed them at their cunts. He began 
rubbing their clits and pushing his fingers into their cunts.

The scene was as wonderful and perverted as could be imagined. A young 
man, dressed as a woman, sucking an Amazonian asshole and cunt. His 
cock was in turn, being sucked by a young woman, masturbating, dressed 
in a diaper as a baby. Two adult women were sucking at the nipples of 
both the young man and the 'baby', as the man's hands were busily 
masturbating the two women. All of the women were coming to orgasm 
intermittently, as they sexually tormented the young man. Every time 
either Jane or Agnes thought Robert might come would bite hard on his 
nipples to prevent orgasm.

As though on cue, Martha lifted up from Robert's face to be quickly 
replaced by Jane. As she orgasmed several times from Robert's tongue on 
her cunt, she too turned to present her asshole for sucking to orgasm. 
Agnes followed Jane, and when she was satisfied, rose up and allowed 
Ellen to completely remove her diaper and join Robert in a sixty-nine 
position, to suck each other.

Ellen had several orgasms and could feel Robert's cock throbbing in her 
mouth while she kneaded his balls. The three older ladies watched the 
young couple lick and suck each other. They knew that Robert could not 
withhold coming much longer and smiled at the prospect of adding more 
punishments to his already full plate.

Agnes, Jane and Martha marvelled at Robert's discipline and endurance, 
as Ellen continually drew her mouth up and down the shaft of his cock, 
while greedily tonguing his bulbous cockhead. Robert's efforts, though 
admirable, were futile as his throbbing cock suddenly exploded in a 
torrent of come which totally filled Ellen's mouth. She swallowed as 
much as she could, but the come was spewing forth so rapidly that it 
began to flow out the corners of her mouth, running down onto Robert's 
balls and inner thighs.

The three older ladies, thankful that Robert failed to restrain himself 
as ordered, smiled and decided Robert's next punishment as they 
whispered to one another. Ellen swallowed the come in her mouth, then 
quickly licked up the come she had allowed to drip on Robert's balls 
and thighs. She arose from Robert and crawled to a corner of the room 
to curl up and watch the proceedings. Martha re-diapered her 'baby 
girl' and turned her attention to Robert, still lying on the floor 
wearing the garter belt, stockings and his pumps. His wig had been 
involuntarily shed when Martha first sat on his face.

Agnes sat down in a plain chair and addressed Robert haughtily. 
"Robert, you have disappointed me and your Aunts again, by coming 
without permission. Now, you've forced me to decide that additional 
spankings are in order to pay for your disobedience. Get over here and 
lay over my lap." Robert was totally mortified that he was to be 
spanked in front of Aunt Jane, Aunt Martha and Ellen.

He pulled himself up and lay down across Miss Agnes' lap. She placed 
his cock between her bare thighs and laid fifteen strokes, heavily 
applied, to his ass causing the cheeks to turn a bright pink. When she 
finished, he stood up to let Agnes get up. His heart gave a start as 
Aunt Jane replaced Agnes in the chair. "Now your Aunt Jane will 
continue your discipline." Said Agnes as he lay across Jane's lap.

Jane's blows were more measured than Miss Agnes, and she had more 
strength, to strike his ass harder. He began to moan from the burning 
pain at his ass, but his cock also began to get even harder, as the 
blows falling on his searing ass sexually aroused him. Ellen crawled 
over to squat in front of Robert, thrusting her face close to his, to 
watch his face closely, as he received the spanking from his Aunt Jane. 
Her studious look mortified Robert even more. After striking countless 
blows to his burning ass, Jane tired and turned over her task to Aunt 
Martha. Robert's heart gave a start as he looked at Aunt Martha's large 
strong hands and forearms.

Martha was as strong as most average men and relished the fact that 
Robert knew it. She gruffly grasped his cock and balls and thrust them 
cruelly between her thighs. Robert winced with the pain as her thighs 
closed tightly about his genitals to form a flesh cock and balls 
prison. His ass was already burning from the spankings Aunt Jane and 
Miss Agnes had administered. Aunt Martha slowly moved her thighs back 
and forth in a gentle arousing fashion, which provided the stimulation 
to his cock that Martha desired.

His cock was rock hard and he enjoyed the wonderful massage he was 
receiving from Aunt Martha's magic thighs. He feared that he might well 
come again, thus incur additional punishment. Martha raised her hand 
high and brought it down savagely on Roberts burning asscheeks. Robert 
began to writhe from the pain, to the severe spanking he was receiving, 
and with pleasure, as the rubbing of his cock head caused his balls to 
boil with renewed semen aching to burst forth.

Ellen enjoyed Robert's arousal and felt the pangs of lust returning to 
her loins as she watched him writhing to the marvelous massage and 
spankings from her 'Mama'. She smiled at him then turned over on all 
fours and thrust her ass into Robert's face. Martha stopped to remove 
Ellie's diaper and resumed spanking Robert. "Suck my 'baby girl's' ass 
hole, Robert." Ordered Martha.

Robert eagerly forced his tongue against Ellen's asshole and began to 
lick and suck as Ellen swayed in pleasure to the rhythm of his tongue. 
She reached between her legs and began to masturbate. Jane and Agnes 
quickly fell to their backs on either side of Ellen and each took one 
of her nipples in their mouths and began to lick and suck her tits.

Just as Robert thought he would explode, he felt Martha's open palm 
slap viciously on his asscheeks and her thighs tightly squeeze his 
balls. The pain nearly knocked him unconscious. He tried to scream, but 
nothing came out as Ellen's asscheeks closed about his mouth. As he 
began to recover, another blow, harder than the previous, burst onto 
his ass. This time the scream was not involuntarily suppressed, as he 
wailed in pain.

He could hear himself screaming, as the painful blows rained down upon 
his asscheeks. Yet, unbelievably, his cock was even harder than before. 
It was rapidly seeping pre-come in preparation for a raging orgasm, 
that would surely come if he did not redouble his efforts to prevent 
it. Through his pain, Robert found the strength to at least prevent an 
immediate orgasm, as he endured the devastating pummeling that Aunt 
Martha was visiting on his ass.

Ellen continued to thrust her asshole into Robert's face throughout his 
ordeal with Aunt Martha. Agnes stopped sucking Ellen's tit and moved 
underneath her in a sixty-nine position to lick and suck Ellen's clit. 
Ellen returned the favor as she dipped her head between the older 
woman's thighs and began licking at her sopping wet cunt.

She was quickly approaching an orgasm with Robert licking her asshole 
and Agnes sucking her cunt and clit. Jane continued to alternately suck 
Ellen's nipple, then move to suck Agnes' nipple, heightening both 
ladies urge to come resoundingly. To increase Agnes' pleasure, Jane 
pushed a finger into her asshole and began working it in and out in a 
fucking motion.

Martha correctly gauged that Robert's state of arousal could not 
withstand any additional sexual stimulation without coming and stopping 
spanking Robert. Ellen and Agnes both climaxed violently. Martha waited 
until Ellen caught her breath, then told her to get the toy she kept in 
her drawer. Ellen nodded and quickly crawled out of the room to fetch 
'Mama's' toy.

Robert's ass was bright red and burning with pain as he kept thanking 
Aunt Martha for stopping the spanking. "Robert," said Agnes, "Thank us 
all for providing you with a most enjoyable spanking session." Robert 
swallowed hard, cleared his throat and thanked each of his 'Aunts' and 
Miss Agnes for his spankings.

Ellen crawled back into the room and gave her 'Mama' the item she had 
asked for. Martha, still holding Robert across her lap, reached into 
her own cunt to gather some of the considerable moisture that it held. 
She rubbed the moisture all over Robert's ass cheeks and ass hole. She 
held up the item so the other ladies could see that it was a massive 
dildo butt plug.

It was ten inches in length, about two inches thick, shaped like a huge 
cock with a bulbous head and a depression around the base of the dildo 
shaft so his sphincter could hold it securely in place. Martha could 
see Jane's cunt streaking fluid down her thighs and placed the dildo 
between the wet cunt lips to lubricate it.

Finally, without Robert's knowledge, Martha placed the dildo at his 
asshole and in one tremendous effort, thrust it deep into his ass. His 
sphincter closed tightly around the base of the dildo, entirely filling 
his ass. Robert cried out from the pain deep in his ass and moaned as 
the pain slowly subsided. He had never before had anything in his ass. 
The thick fake cock dildo was a painful initiation to the joys of anal 
sex.

Agnes patted his face cheeks in both her hands and smiled at him as she 
sweetly said. "You need to be opened, darling, so that 'Roberta' can 
easily receive her pleasure there. After all, it is 'Roberta's' cunt, 
your balls are her fat cunt lips and your cock is her huge clitoris. 
From this day forward that is how you will refer to those parts of your 
anatomy when you are dressed as 'Roberta'. Do you understand, dear?" 
She asked.

"Yes, Miss Agnes." Robert replied as he tried to regain his strength 
and composure. Martha piled several large cushions in the center of the 
floor. She lay down and called to Ellie and Robert to come and jointly 
suck her tits.

"You are going to become 'Mama's baby boy'." Martha told Robert as he 
lay down next to her with his head on her chest. "Come, Ellie." She 
said to her 'baby girl' as she too lay down on the other side of her 
'Mama'. "Now, suck at Mommie's tits. I'll call you 'baby Bobby' for 
this." Martha told Robert as she offered up her nipples to her babies. 
Ellie quickly and eagerly took Martha's nipple in her mouth and began 
to suck.

Robert too, eagerly put a large nipple into his mouth and began to 
suck. He sucked hard and was startled when a sweet thin liquid sprayed 
into his mouth covering his tongue. Martha quickly grabbed his head and 
held it fast as he timidly started to pull back. "Swallow your milk, 
Bobbie. I need to feed you and Baby Ellie. Suck hard and drink all your 
milk, both of you." Said Aunt Martha, as she lay back to let Robert and 
Ellen drain her tits dry of milk.

Both Ellen and Robert moaned softly as they sucked and swallowed the 
sweet liquid flowing from Martha's large heavy breasts. Robert found 
that he really liked the sweet milk he was drinking and he enjoyed the 
obvious pleasure he was giving Aunt Martha. Martha reveled in the 
feeding of her two 'babies' as Aunts Agnes and Jane watched. Jane moved 
to Robert and began to fondle his cock and balls as he sucked milk from 
Martha's tits.

His cock grew into another raging hard on, as Jane took him deep into 
her mouth to tongue and suck his cock. Agnes moved to Ellen and lowered 
her head between the 'baby girl's' legs to lick at the sweet little 
clit and cunt between them. Agnes momentarily raised her head to inform 
Robert that he had permission to come in Aunt Janie's mouth, then she 
returned to sucking Ellen's cunt.

Martha was unquestionably aroused and she lovingly stroked the faces of 
the two 'babies' nursing at her tits. She began to moan as she could 
feel her impending orgasm building in her loins. Ellen recognized her 
'Mamma's' symptoms and she reached between Martha's legs to stroke her 
throbbing cunt and clit. Robert hungrily devoured the milk he extracted 
from his Aunt Martha, as his come began to boil deep in his balls. Jane 
and Agnes began to rub each other's cunts as all five of them were 
rapidly approaching orgasm.

Ellen came first from Agnes' tonguing of her clit. She moaned and 
squealed, as loud as she could, without relinquishing the nipple she 
was sucking. Martha's orgasm followed Ellen's. She cried out as she 
drew Ellen and Robert even closer to her tits. They continued to suck, 
while she shuddered through her first orgasm of the evening. Robert 
exploded next, bathing Aunt Janie's mouth with his semen.

Jane gulped to swallow his come while licking Robert's cock head, to 
cause him to spew forth more semen for her consumption. The taste of 
the semen within her mouth brought Jane over the top and she climaxed 
nearly simultaneously with Agnes, who followed Jane's orgasm with a 
violent orgasm of her own. The five of them lay on the floor, exhausted 
and breathing hard, with Robert and Ellen still sucking Martha's tits 
gulping down the last drops of her sweet milk.

When her tits were fully drained, Martha withdrew her nipples from her 
'babies' mouths. Jane and Agnes cleaned themselves and dressed. They 
cleaned Robert's body and helped him dress, thus becoming 'Roberta' 
again. Jane and Agnes lamented to Martha, as they dressed, that she had 
only come once while all the rest of them had several gut-wrenching 
orgasms. Martha assured them that 'baby Ellie' would fix that after 
they had all left. Martha, still naked, walked them to the door and bid 
them all good night.

As they drove home Agnes told 'Roberta' the nature of Aunt Martha's 
relationship with Ellen. "Ellen, too, is a student at the University, 
Roberta. She lives at the Girl's dorm and Martha is the dormitory 
counselor and 'House Mother'. She selects suitable young ladies for her 
'special attention' and provides her specialties, both at the 
dormitory, and at her home. As 'Roberta', you will visit the dorm as 
well as Aunt Martha's home, both as Roberta and as 'baby Bobby'. You 
will have a wonderful time at both places." Agnes pulled into her 
driveway and walked Jane to her car.

When Jane drove away, Agnes and 'Roberta' went into the house. Agnes 
put Roberta to bed and tucked him in. "Sometime soon, Robert, I'll let 
you fuck me. I want that as much as you, but not now, darling." Agnes 
said, as she kissed him and smiled knowing that there would be many 
other tales to tell in the future.




PART IV

Ellen and Her Roommates

Robert finished his morning classes and strolled leisurely into the 
Student Union for lunch prior to his afternoon classes. He sat down to 
eat when he felt someone playfully ruffle his hair. He turned to see 
Ellen smiling at him. "Hi, Robert. Remember me?" Asked Ellen.

"Sure - - Hi, - - Ellen." Stammered Robert, blushing a bit. He felt 
self-conscious at the sudden meeting with the girl he had been sexually 
involved with several nights ago. Ellen sat down at Robert's table 
without invitation and began sorting out her lunch selections.

"Oh, do you mind if I sit with you, Robert?" She asked as she bit into 
her hamburger.

"No - - no - -. Please do, Ellie." He said uneasily. Ellen smiled and 
began rattling on about some obscure events about to happen at the 
University. She continued the small talk as they ate with Robert 
appearing to understand all that she was saying, but in fact he had no 
idea, nor did he care, what she was talking about.

"So, Robert, what have you been up to since I last saw you?" Without 
waiting for Robert to reply, Ellen continued talking, telling Robert 
that she wanted him to visit her room at the women's dorm this evening. 
He shrugged his shoulders and shook his head.

"Males aren't allowed in the rooms at the women's dorm, Ellen." He told 
her.

"You forget that Martha is the Dorm Mother. She'll let you in." 
Countered Ellen. "She also lets my roommates boyfriends in when they 
are horny, so there's no problem."

" If I got caught and was suspended, Miss Agnes would kick me out." 
Replied Robert.

"No one is going to kick you out. Besides you're going to come as 
'Roberta', not Robert, silly." Said Ellen, as she got up to leave. 
Robert was speechless as he watched Ellen walk smartly away, smiling as 
she looked back at him for a moment. Robert shook his head and 
dismissed the idea, as he finished his lunch and opened a book to 
review his lessons before the next class.

Later, Robert returned to his room at Miss Agnes' house and began his 
homework. He recognized Agnes' knock on his door and called for her to 
come in. Smiling, Agnes entered Robert's room and gave him a motherly 
kiss on his cheek. "How was your day, Robert?" She asked.

"Good." Replied Robert. "I saw Ellen at the Student Union today."

"Oh, that was nice, I bet."

"Yeah, she's cute. She wants me to come to her Dorm tonight, but I've 
got too much homework."

"Well I suggest you hurry and finish it, because Aunt Martha wants 
Roberta to visit Ellen tonight." Agnes told him. "I don't think you 
want to disappoint Aunt Martha, do you Robert?"

"No ma'am." Robert said quietly.

"Good. Please call me when you're finished with your homework and I'll 
help 'Roberta' dress." Agnes said as she left his room, closing the 
door behind her. Robert was resigned to his fate as he returned to his 
homework.

It was nearly dusk, when Robert finished his shower and called to Agnes 
that he was ready to dress. He had abandoned any thought of arguing 
with Agnes about going to the Dorm. When Agnes made up her mind it was 
useless to challenge her. He knew that he must obey her or lose his 
scholarship, but even worse he would lose his relationship with Agnes 
and her friends. The sex had entrapped him totally.

Agnes laid out 'Roberta's' clothes on the bed in her room. Her 
selections favored early 1950's underwear colors, as she held up a pink 
lacy bra to show it to Robert as he walked in wrapped in his towel. 
Agnes quickly stripped him of the towel revealing a semi-hard cock, 
quickly growing bigger. She grasped his cockhead and squeezed it force 
the blood out and return it to a more flaccid state.

Quickly she encased his cock and balls in their nylon net harness and 
secured it to his waist with a leather cord. Agnes hastened to fit the 
pink lacy bra and thong panties on Robert. Next she had him put on 
sheer nylons with strong lacy elastic bands at the top, thus 
eliminating any need for a garter belt.

She had Robert put on a knee length pleated skirt and a dressy blouse. 
She selected a pair of wedgies for his feet and finished dressing him 
with his red wig. Pleased with her selections, Agnes set about with his 
makeup, assuring that it was sparingly applied. Finally, she was 
finished and decidedly pleased with herself. "What do you think, 
Roberta?" She asked,, as she led him to the mirror. Robert smiled as he 
viewed the pretty 'girl' smiling at him from within the mirror. He 
nodded his approval and Agnes hugged him, kissing his cheek.

Agnes and 'Roberta' heard a car pull into the drive, as they descended 
the stairs. Agnes opened the door to let Ellen come bouncing in, 
grinning from ear to ear as she saw 'Roberta'. "Hello Mistress Agnes. 
Hi, Roberta, you look great! Are you ready to go meet my friends?" 
Again Ellen did not wait for a response as she continued. "You'll like 
my roommates and I know they will like you." She grinned. "Phyllis is a 
wonderfully complete slut and Linda is a nun, but she's nice. Some one 
has to be a virgin, I guess, so why not Linda?"

"Will you be out late tonight?" Asked Agnes of Ellen.

"No Mistress, I'll have 'Roberta' home before eleven. Momma Martha 
wants lights out at eleven thirty on week nights." Replied Ellen. 
"Ready?" She asked Robert. He nodded as they bid Agnes goodbye and left 
to get Ellen's car. Robert was uncomfortable about the whole impending 
evening but knew it was pointless to resist. He breathed deeply and 
sighed forlornly.

"Why did you call Miss Agnes, Mistress?" Robert asked Ellen as they 
drove off toward the Dorm.

"Because, silly, she is our Mistress, yours and mine." Ellen said. "Why 
do you call her 'Miss Agnes'."

"No, I don't think of her in that way." Stated Robert. "She is a nice 
lady, that's why I respectfully call her Miss Agnes."

"Look, 'Roberta', she is a Dominatrix who ties you up, spanks your ass 
black and blue, humiliates you by dressing you as a girl and makes you 
jack off in front of two other Dominatrix's any time she feels like it. 
If that's not Domination then I don't know what to call it." Without 
waiting for him to reply, Ellen continued. "Look, whether you want to 
admit it or not, both you and I are sex slaves to all three of them. We 
do it because we love it!" She explained.

"I love being dressed up, or more properly undressed, as a baby, and 
sucked, fucked, tied up, spanked, sometimes whipped and sexually abused 
until I can't stand the pleasure anymore. You are the same way, 
'Roberta', why else would you tolerate being dressed that way. Lets 
face it darling, we love to be dominated, fuck, suck, or be fucked and 
sucked, and we'll keep doing it as long as we can! Right?"

Robert nodded affirmatively, as he realized that Ellen was right. He 
didn't feel any different than she did about their circumstance. In 
fact, he wouldn't change places with any other student in the 
University. He reluctantly concluded that he was indeed a slave to 
Agnes and she deserved to be called Mistress. Ellen smiled at him 
knowingly, as she pulled into the dorm's parking lot.

They walked toward the door and some of the male students in the 
parking lot whistled at them, or shouted to Ellen to tell them who her 
pretty friend was. Robert, self-conscious, nervously smiled to himself 
as they entered the Dorm and approached the Dorm Mothers office.

"Hello, Ellen, and how are you, Roberta? You both look lovely tonight." 
Said Martha as she watched them enter the elevator.

"Thanks, Dorm Mom." Ellen called to Martha, as she pushed the floor 
button and the elevator whisked them away to Ellen's room. They entered 
the room to see two girls preparing to shower. They smiled at Ellen and 
'Roberta' as they entered. "Hi, guys." Said Ellen. "This is my friend, 
Roberta."

"Hi, Roberta, I'm Phyllis and this is Linda." Said Phyllis, pointing to 
Linda. "Linda is safe, she's saving it for Mr. Right. Ellen and me plan 
to leave a little something for Mr. Right, but until he comes along 
we're going to make sure it doesn't dry up and whither away. Right, 
Ellen?"

"Jesus, Phyllis, you're such a slut!" Exclaimed Linda, as Ellen 
laughed. Robert flushed a little and decided that he should just keep 
quiet. Linda was visibly annoyed as she gathered her toiletries 
together in preparation for her shower.

"No, Linda, I'm not just a slut. I'm a fucking slut!" Phyllis declared, 
while she and Ellen laughed heartily.

"Honey," said Linda to Roberta, "these two will lead you down the 
primrose path if you let them." Robert just nodded and smiled weakly.

"Oh, Linda, don't be such a shit." Declared Ellen. "Phyllis is just 
teasing you. Now say something nice so Roberta will know you're a good 
girl." Teased Ellen.

"Fuck you, Ellie, I'm going to shower. Talking with you two always 
makes me feel dirty." Said Linda. "Roberta, sorry honey, I was having a 
decent day 'til Ellen showed up. Watch out with those two." Linda went 
into the bathroom and turned on the shower. She dropped her robe 
revealing a beautifully shaped body prominently displaying perfectly 
molded breasts that defied gravity. She looked at Ellen staring at her 
tits and smiled. "Not in your wildest dreams, cunt!" She said as she 
closed the Shower door. Robert could feel his cock straining at his 
harness, but no matter how he strained he could not get a hard-on.

"Well, Roberta, that's Linda." Said Ellen. "Say hello to Phyllis, the 
best fuck on campus. She is getting close to meeting my 'Mom' when I go 
home for the Thanksgiving break." Robert knew that Ellen meant Martha 
when she said Mom, but he just nodded and said hello to Phyllis.

"Damn, Ellen, you sure know how to introduce a girl, don't you." 
Phyllis said as she embraced 'Roberta' and kissed her hello on the 
cheek.

"Roberta has a twin brother who goes to school here, Phyllis, and she 
is visiting him this weekend. I just brought her over to meet some 
girls while she's here." Said Ellen. "Are you going out, Phyllis?"

"Maybe, Tom is coming over later with his friend, Corky. I think he 
wants to get Corky laid and will try to get me to do them both."

"Are you going to do it?" Asked Ellen.

"Probably, but I'm not one hundred percent sure. Depends on where they 
take me. If I get to go to a great restaurant and a show, I'll probably 
fuck their brains out. " Phyllis giggled and added, "It will be a short 
job, with their brains."

Linda came out of the shower, naked, and walked up to Ellen, kissed her 
cheek and hugged her. "Sorry I was such a bitch, Ellie. I know you're a 
dear friend, but sometimes you get to me." She said as she walked, tits 
jiggling, to her closet. Robert could not take his eyes off her tits 
and wonderfully shaped ass. Again, his cock strained at his nylon 
prison.

Ellen returned the hug and helped Linda dry her hair, while Robert 
stared at Linda's beautifully molded tits. Linda knew that Ellen swung 
both ways, but she liked her anyway, even though she knew that Ellen 
wanted to 'break Linda's cherry' with girl-girl action. However, Linda 
was committed to wait until she met the right man.

Linda dressed and told her roommates she was going out with her friend 
and would be back at eleven. "O.K., Linda," said Ellen, "but not a 
moment earlier!" The girls laughed at Ellen's obvious reference that 
Linda should not come home too early, because Ellen might be 'busy'. 
Linda left and Phyllis began undressing to take her shower. When she 
was naked, Ellen asked her if she would like to 'do' Roberta.

"Ellen, you know that I don't just 'do' girls just 'cause they're 
available. I might 'do' girls in a fuck-fest, but you know I would 
rather fuck guys." Phyllis told her, as Robert eyed her lovely tits 
that swayed delightfully as she talked. She had sparse hair over her 
pubic area, but Robert noted that her cunt area was shaved smooth, 
allowing her cuntlips to be prominently displayed.

"You do me, Phyllis." Said Ellen softly.

"No, Ellen, you do me, when I'm horny, but I have never initiated any 
fucking bi-action. Once you get me going, yes, I sometimes join in and 
'do' you too." Phyllis reminded her. Ellen smiled as Phyllis continued 
to get ready to shower and reached under 'Roberta's' skirt and untied 
his harness. She allowed his cock to spring to a firm erection and his 
balls to swing freely. Gently, Ellen fondled Roberts cock and balls 
while she talked.

"Phyllis, you really should consider 'doing' Roberta. I'm positive 
she'd be perfect for you." Said Ellen as she continued fondling Roberts 
cock. Ellen arose briefly and quietly switched on her hidden camcorder, 
which was aimed at her bed.

"Jesus, Ellen, didn't you hear anything I just said? I'm going to 
shower not f---." Phyllis was struck speechless as Ellen lifted 
'Roberta's' skirt revealing his upright cock seeping pre-come. "Oh my 
God, Ellen, that's a cock!" She exclaimed.

"Sure is, Phyl. - - - Want a suck?" Asked Ellen, as she bent down to 
lick the pre-come from Robert's cockhead. Phyllis dropped to her knees 
in front of Robert and greedily took his cock into her mouth. She 
licked all over the satiny cockhead and then took him deep into her 
throat.

"See, Phyl, you are a fucking slut. That's why I love you so much, you 
cunt! Give me some of that cock, now!" Both girls kneeled down to 
jointly suck and lick at Robert's cock. Phyllis let Ellen deep throat 
Robert's cock while she took his balls into her mouth and sucked 
greedily on both of them.

As Phyllis sucked at Robert's cock and balls, Ellen strapped a leather 
cock ring tightly around Robert's hard upright cock. "Look, Phyl, with 
this cock ring he won't be able to come, even if he wanted to. Let's 
fuck his brains out!" Cried Ellen. Phyllis pushed Robert down on the 
bed and straddled his hips. She slipped his rock hard cock deep into 
her cunt and began fucking it, while she pulled and squeezed her 
nipples. Ellen was not to be denied. She quickly pulled off her clothes 
and mounted Robert's head, setting her now wet cunt down on Robert's 
mouth.

Eagerly, Robert thrust his tongue as deep as it would go into Ellen's 
pussy, as he lapped up her cunt nectar and swallowed it. Ellen bent 
down and began to lick at Phyllis' clit as she rode Robert's cock. 
Phyllis came hard as she shuddered through her first orgasm, but 
continued fucking Robert's cock with out letup. Ellen, with her head 
still buried at Phyllis' clit, reached up to pull at Phyllis' nipples. 
Phyllis returned the pleasure, as she too, reached down to pull, pinch 
and squeeze Ellen's nipples.

Ellen forced her asshole to Robert's mouth and he pushed his tongue 
hard against her sphincter. Deep within her, Ellen felt her orgasm 
boiling to the point of explosion. As the orgasm overtook her, Robert 
moved his tongue back to her cunt, just as she exploded her come all 
over his face. He eagerly lapped up the cunt juices, with particular 
emphasis on her clit, driving her crazy with orgasm.

Phyllis, rose up and turned her back to Ellen and continued fucking 
Robert's cock without withdrawing it. Ellen immediately switched from 
sucking Phyllis' cunt to licking her asshole, while again reaching 
around to pull Phyllis' tits and nipples. Phyllis reached back and 
found Ellen's nipples and continued pulling at them.

Phyllis came hard again. This time she sustained her orgasm for nearly 
a full minute, as she relished every second it. Ellen came again from 
Robert's tongue, as she implored Phyllis to switch places with her. 
Phyllis ignored Ellen, until she came again in a shuddering mind 
numbing orgasm that was so intense she nearly fainted. Slowly, Phyllis 
arose from Robert's stiff cock and Ellen swiftly impaled herself on the 
magnificently stiff phallus. Phyllis stumbled as she mounted Robert's 
head to push her wet flowing cunt down on his lips. Robert didn't 
disappoint her as he thrust his tongue deep into her pussy.

Ellen rode Robert hard as she exploded in orgasm almost immediately 
after mounting him. Lost in orgiastic frenzy, Phyllis, bent down to 
seek out Ellen's clit with her mouth. Ellen smiled at Phyllis and kept 
fucking herself on Robert's cock while gasping at her room mates tongue 
on her clit, she cried out. "God, Phyllis, you're such a magnificent 
cunt, you fucking slut, I love you!"

The girls came again, nearly together, as they relished the stiff cock 
that could not come due to the cock ring that tightly bound it. 
Finally, Ellen exploded in a violent orgasm. Her cunts' spasms grasped 
tightly about Robert's cock, alternately grasping and releasing his 
throbbing cock. The orgasm was so intense that Ellen fell forward onto 
Phyllis' back and lay motionless as she tried to catch her breath. 
Phyllis, too, came hard from Robert's tongue and she lay still under 
Ellen, as Robert continued thrusting his tongue into Phyllis' cunt and 
his cock into Ellen.

Ellen recovered first and rolled off Robert's cock and Phyllis' back, 
and she stumbled into the bathroom. Phyllis dismounted and followed 
Ellen slowly. She was thoroughly exhausted as she sat down to pee. "My 
God, Ellen, where did you find him? He's the best fuck I've ever had! 
I've never had that many orgasms on a cock that still hasn't come. How 
can he do that?" She asked incredulously.

"It's the cock ring, Phyllis. He can't come while he's wearing it. We 
could fuck him all night if we wanted to. All we have to do is release 
his cock to circulate the blood every so often. Wasn't that great, 
Phyl?" Said Ellen grinning broadly. Robert could hear them talking as 
they peed and dried their cunts. Ellen came out of the bathroom first.

She squeezed Robert's cockhead to drain it of blood and cause it to 
soften. Next she replaced the nylon harness on Robert's cock and balls 
and fastened it tightly to his waist. Robert was once again relegated 
to the uncomfortable circumstance of not being able to achieve an 
erection even though he was fully aroused. "Roberta," Ellen whispered 
to Robert, as she dressed, " Mistress Agnes told me that you were not 
to come tonight. Sorry."

Phyllis came out of the bathroom and quickly dressed. She embraced and 
kissed Robert, then told Ellen that she was going out. "What about your 
boyfriend, Tom - - and Corky?" Asked Ellen. "Jeez, Ellen, Tom's not my 
boyfriend. He's just a handy cock to fuck! When I'm out of this 
college, he's history!" Declared Phyllis. "I'm all fucked out, Ellen. 
You fuck him - - and Corky. I'm out of here!" Phyllis blew them both a 
kiss as she opened the door and left. Ellen chuckled as she closed the 
door and dressed. She opened the small refrigerator and brought out two 
cans of beer. She popped the lids and handed a beer to 'Roberta'.

"God you were good, Robert." Ellen said as she kissed Robert. She 
propped herself on the headboard and sipped at her beer. "After that I 
hope my 'mommy' isn't too horny tonight." Ellen and 'Roberta' talked 
about Martha, Jane and Agnes and both agreed that they were indeed 
slaves to all three of them. Ellen told Robert that Martha was working 
on getting Phyllis into the circle. But, so far, Phyllis had not been 
directly approached to join.

She told him that Martha had 'arrangements' with some other girls in 
the dorm to engage in lesbian trysts with her, but she didn't feel that 
they were 'right' to join in their sex slave activities. As they 
talked, they heard a soft knock at the door. Ellen opened the door to 
see Tom and his friend Corky standing nervously in the hall.

"Hi, Tom. Phyllis isn't here. She had to go somewhere." Ellen told 
them. Tom looked about the hallway to see if anyone was about.

"Ellen, can we come in for a minute? You know we're not supposed to be 
here." Tom told her. Ellen sighed and let them in. Robert watched as 
the two guys entered. Tom was tall, well over six feet and Corky was 
nearly as tall. Both were well built, with athletic bodies and crew cut 
hair. Obviously they were on the football team, as their team jackets 
announced.

"Tom, this is Roberta and this must be your friend Corky, right?" Said 
Ellen. Tom nodded and said hi to Roberta.

"Hi Roberta, I'm with Phyllis." Tom announced. "Did Phyllis say when 
she'd be back, Ellie?"

"No," smiled Ellen, "but you guy's can stay for a beer if you want."

"I was hoping for something else, Ellie. You know how Phyllis and me 
are." Said Tom. "How - - -how - - how about your friend, Roberta, is 
she looking for a good time?"

"Gee, Tom, you are so tactful and smooth when you want to get laid. You 
ought to be in the diplomatic corps, you know that." Said Ellen 
sarcastically. The sarcasm was lost on Tom.

"You really think so?"

"Sure Tom." Ellen replied incredulously. "Tell you what, - - you guys 
can't fuck Roberta's cunt, because she's having her period. If you want 
she'll give you a blow job, or you guys can fuck her in the ass." 
Robert was stunned as he heard the words come out of Ellen's mouth. He 
shook his head, but Ellen just nodded and said, "She'd love to do you 
both, wouldn't you Roberta?" Robert sighed his acquiescence to his 
fate.

"Oh that's great." Said Tom as he began to drop his pants. Robert 
looked pitifully at Ellen, who was grinning back at him. Tom stepped 
out of his pants and displayed a large seven-inch cock that was getting 
harder as he stroked it. Corky too, had removed his pants and held his 
thick hard cock in his hand.

Corky's cock was not quite as long as Tom's, but Ellen admired both of 
them as she dimmed the lights to a single spotlight that shined only on 
the bed, telling them that Roberta was too shy to leave on all the 
lights. Unseen she switched the camcorder on again with a remote 
controller.

Ellen grasped Tom's hard on and pulled him toward 'Roberta'. She placed 
Robert on his knees on the bed and lubricated Tom's cock with KY jelly. 
Ellen guided Tom's cock to Robert's asshole under his skirt and placed 
the tip on Robert's sphincter. Slowly Tom's cock pushed hard against 
the tight orifice until the sphincter began to give way and open.

'Roberta' gasped as the huge cockhead slowly pushed into his tight 
asshole. When Tom had seated the head inside Robert's asshole, he 
paused, then gave a final shove and buried his cock deep into Robert's 
ass. Tom's balls slapped noisily on the space between Robert's asshole 
and the harness about his balls. Tom began to fuck 'Roberta's' asshole 
with exuberance.

Robert's ass hole hurt as the massive cock drove back and forth in his 
ass. Soon the fucking motions transformed from pain to pleasure as he 
found that he liked the feel of the cock fucking his ass. He could feel 
his entrapped cock straining to stiffen in its harness, but to no 
avail. He closed his eyes to better enjoy the fucking Tom was giving 
his ass.

Ellen grabbed Corky's cock and brought it close to Robert's mouth. 
"Open your mouth, Roberta." Ordered Ellen. Robert opened his eyes to 
see the thick cockhead only an inch from his lips. Ellen placed Corky's 
cock on Robert's lips. Robert could smell the strong odor of Corky's 
musk, and he saw the pre-come oozing out of Corky's cockhole. He 
swallowed hard and at Ellen's urgings opened his mouth to receive 
Corky's throbbing cock.

Corky thrust his cock deep into Robert's throat causing him to gag 
momentarily. Soon Robert was sucking and licking the huge cockhead 
eagerly. As Tom fucked his ass, Robert began to draw his mouth up and 
down Corky's cock in rhythm with Tom's strokes in his ass. Ellen, 
unnoticed by the men fucking Robert, grabbed her camera, loaded with 
high-speed film and took several pictures of the scene.

Suddenly, Tom cried out and exploded his come deep in 'Roberta's' 
asshole. Robert could feel the hot semen splay about his ass as Tom 
erupted volumes of come in his ass. Robert liked the feel of come 
spilling about in his ass and was sorry to feel Tom's cock becoming 
flaccid, as it withdrew from his tight asshole.

He continued sucking and licking Corky's thick cock and could feel it 
throbbing in his mouth. Corky stiffened, as he could no longer contain 
himself and his cock exploded in a fierce orgasm. Ellen held Robert's 
head tightly about Corky's cock as it spewed volley after volley of 
thick creamy frothy come cascading into Robert's mouth. The salty taste 
spread over Robert's taste buds and his mouth filled with Corky's 
offering.

Robert began to gag as Ellen held his mouth to the pulsating cock 
spewing come into it. Finally, with his mouth full of come, Robert 
closed his eyes and swallowed the thick pearly fluid. He could feel 
Corky unleashing more come, as he savored the semen flowing down his 
throat. The flow slowed and Corky's cock became flaccid, as Robert 
licked the last bits of come from his cock and let it flop out of his 
mouth.

"Hey, that was great, Roberta." Said Tom as he pulled on his pants. 
Corky too, put on his pants and pulled at Tom's sleeve to get him to 
leave Ellen's room. Robert nodded in the dim light, as both of the 
visitors hurried out into the hall and made for the elevator.

"You were magnificent, Roberta." Ellen told him. She kissed him, 
forcing her tongue deep into his mouth to taste the residual drops of 
come. "Did you like that, Robert?" He nodded yes and Ellen hugged him 
again. "I knew it! I knew it!" Declared Ellen, kissing him again. "Oh, 
look, it's nearly ten-thirty. I promised Mistress Agnes that I'd have 
you home before eleven."

Ellen stopped to switch off the camcorder and remove the tape and place 
it in her purse. "We'll see it some other time. Come on, Roberta, let's 
go." They descended to the lobby and waved at a smiling Martha, as they 
ran to Ellen's car. Robert could feel the semen trying to drip out of 
his asshole as Ellen drove him back to Agnes' house.

They pulled into the driveway and stopped. "Good night, Roberta, you 
fucked everyone's brains out except your own." She walked him to the 
door where Agnes was waiting. "He was great, Mistress. As you commanded 
he was not permitted to come. You'll have to put his restraints on him 
or he'll jack his brains off, Mistress. Here is the tape, Mistress." 
Ellen laughed, kissed both of them good night and hurried to her car, 
as Agnes and 'Roberta' went inside.

"Mistress." Said Robert as they climbed the stairs to their rooms. 
Agnes smiled to herself when she heard him address her as, Mistress, 
but she did not even break stride as she continued up the stairs.

"Yes, Roberta." "Ellen said to address you as Mistress. Is that what 
you want?" Asked Robert.

"Yes, Roberta, Mistress is appropriate in the right circumstance, but 
Miss Agnes will do also". She replied.

"Do you have a preference, Mistress?"

"Yes. Mistress will do nicely. You are to address Aunt Jane and Aunt 
Martha as Mistress also, Roberta. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress." Said Robert. Agnes kissed him sweetly and called him 
her dearest Slave as she undressed him and fitted him with his 
restraints harness. She tucked him in bed, bid him good night, turned 
out the light and shut the door. As Robert lay in bed waiting to fall 
asleep, he could hear Mistress Agnes as she watched the videotape Ellen 
had given her. Sleep overtook him while listening to Ellen and Phyllis 
squealing on the videotape as their orgasms racked their bodies.




PART V

Training at Mistress Calista's

The school year was approaching the Thanksgiving holiday break. 
Robert's studies were continuing in a satisfactory manner and the extra 
activities with his Mistress were also very much on track. He had 
overheard Agnes and Jane discussing a cruise to the island of St. 
Thomas for the Thanksgiving holiday. Robert expected to be taken along. 
He mentally selected clothes he would take, and the fun he would have 
with his Mistress, Aunt Jane and Aunt Martha. He wondered if Ellen 
would also be taken along. Secretly he hoped that she would.

Robert was studying in his room when Agnes came in and sat next to him. 
"Hello, Mistress Agnes, you look troubled. Is something wrong?" Robert 
said.

"No, Robert, there is nothing wrong, but, I do have something to tell 
you." Agnes replied and took his hand in hers. "You know that Jane, 
Martha and I are planning a short cruise to the Caribbean during the 
Thanksgiving holiday. We do not plan to take neither you nor Ellen with 
us.

"Ellen will go home to her parents and you will visit a friend of mine 
in New York City. I am sending you to her for additional training. She 
will pick you up at the airport and return you there for your flight 
home before school starts a week later. Her name is Mistress Calista 
and I'm sure you'll enjoy her, Robert." He was stunned. He had expected 
to go to St. Thomas, but he accepted his Mistress's command without 
question. "Since your cruise starts in two days, I'd best start packing 
for my trip to New York, Mistress." Said Robert.

"No, Robert, you won't need to pack. You'll wear your suit and tie for 
the flight there and back. Mistress Calista will provide all the 
clothing you'll need during your training. Your flight leaves at noon 
tomorrow." Agnes told him as she got up to leave. "Goodnight, Robert." 
She said as she left the room. Robert was visibly hurt, as he had 
looked forward to the trip to St. Thomas. He could feel his eyes 
getting moist, but successfully fought crying. He decided to be a good 
soldier, follow orders and suffer his fate.

The huge jumbo jet sped effortlessly through the cloudless skies. 
Robert sat in a window seat watching the ground far below. He wondered 
about his upcoming training and what it would entail. The decision to 
send him to another Mistress, even for a week, was incomprehensible to 
him, as he thought that Agnes would train him with help from both Jane 
and Martha. His thoughts were interrupted by the announcement that the 
plane was descending in preparation for landing.

Robert walked hurriedly through the massive JFK airport toward the 
terminal lobby entrance. He was to meet Mistress Calista there. Agnes 
had sent her his photograph so she would recognize him. He was to stand 
inside the lobby near the baggage area. Robert's apprehension precluded 
him from any, but the most cursory, sightseeing of the airport. He was 
concerned about his training and the Mistress Calista that would 
provide it. He stood nervously near the car rental agencies when he 
heard someone call out his name.

"Mr. Robert Stone?" Asked a man, dressed in a chauffeurs' uniform. 
Robert nodded yes and the man asked that he follow him. They walked out 
to the curb to a shining new Cadillac limousine, with darkly tinted 
windows. The chauffeur opened the door for Robert. He stepped inside to 
see three women beautifully dressed in fashionable silks and satins.

"Hello, Robert." Said a very pretty black haired woman, who sat in the 
center of the massive back seat, with two other women sitting on either 
side of her. "I'm Mistress Calista." She stated as the door closed 
behind him. Robert sat down in a leather seat facing the women. "This 
blond lady is Mistress Cassandra and the red hair belongs to Mistress 
Cerces." Said Calista crisply.

She directed the chauffeur to drive on and raised the dark partition 
between the passenger area and the driver to provide them with privacy. 
"Now, Robert, please remove your tie completely and place this around 
your neck." Calista said, handing him a studded leather collar 
containing several evenly spaced steel rings.

Robert quickly moved to obey, as he buckled the collar. Cerces leaned 
toward him and placed a small padlock on the collar and locked it 
securely. Calista smiled approvingly at the speed with which Robert 
followed her orders. "Remove all your clothes. I want you completely 
naked." Calista ordered. Robert hastened to comply. Mistress Cassandra 
gathered all of Robert's clothing, opened the partition and placed them 
on the seat in the custody of the driver. She closed the partition and 
smiled approvingly at Robert, naked and nervously wondering what would 
follow.

"Robert," began Calista, "For the next five days you will be 
completely, totally and absolutely subservient to me and my two 
assistants, Cassandra and Cerces. You will obey all of our commands 
immediately without question and will speak only with permission. You 
will endure everything we provide, or visit on your body, without any 
undue cries or expressions of discomfort or pain. You may not gaze on 
your Mistresses nor look them in the eyes without permission.

"Further, you will always kneel in the presence of any Mistress unless 
ordered otherwise. You may kneel now, as I continue." Robert complied 
as Calista went on, "I expect you to resist coming with every fiber of 
your will and you will be punished if you do not. Obviously, you may 
only come with permission. All of your activities will be videotaped 
and provided to Mistress Agnes at the conclusion of your training. Do 
you understand?"

"Yes - -." Robert started to say when Calista slapped him forcefully on 
his face, startling him.

"Never speak without permission. If you are not given permission to 
answer a yes or no question, you will nod, yes or no! Do you 
understand?" Calista told him. Robert nodded yes and lowered his eyes. 
He could hear the silk and satin rustling as he looked at the limousine 
floor. He felt someone grasp his ears and pull his head upwards to see 
that the three women were naked.

Robert briefly saw Calista's large swaying breasts as she pulled his 
head between her legs to her cunt. "Service me, Slave!" She commanded. 
Immediately Robert's tongue sought out her cuntlips and clit to lick 
and suck them.

Calista moaned with pleasure, as Robert felt thumbs and forefingers on 
each of his nipples. As his nipples were being pinched, pulled and 
rolled, he felt a hand wrap about and masturbate his now hard cock, and 
another hand begin fondling his balls. As the Limousine sped across 
bridges and through the city, Robert continued servicing Mistress 
Calista.

She squirmed and gyrated and pulled Robert's head closer, as she ground 
her hairless cunt into his mouth. Her moans and squeals preceded an 
explosive orgasm that spewed her cunt juices over Robert's mouth and 
tongue forcing him to swallow her offering of cunt nectar.

When Calista's orgasm subsided, she quickly switched places with 
Cerces. Robert was now ordered to service Cerces in the same manner as 
Calista. Cerces agonized deliciously at Robert's servicing tongue, as 
Cassandra and Calista continued fondling and masturbating Robert. He 
could feel his balls boiling with semen that demanded release. Robert 
fought successfully to prevent coming without permission.

Cerces cried out with pleasure as her orgasm racked her body violently. 
She came a second time as Robert flicked his tongue across and about 
her engorged clit. As her orgasm subsided, Cerces exchanged places with 
Cassandra who immediately brought Robert's mouth to her cunt.

Robert serviced Cassandra while he feared that he might come from the 
fondling and masturbation of his cock and balls. He could feel Mistress 
Calista redoubling her efforts in masturbating him. Her fingers and 
palm, rubbing his engorged and bulbous cockhead, were bringing him 
closer and closer to orgasm.

He feared the unknown punishment, he would surely receive, if he came 
without permission. He tried to struggle against the wonderfully adept 
hand stroking his cock, only to feel the hand around his balls 
momentarily telegraphing that it could easily crush them. Robert 
stopped struggling and resigned himself to try to continue servicing 
Cassandra while mentally trying to avoid orgasm.

Mistress Cassandra screamed as her orgasm exploded. Concurrently, 
Robert could no longer sustain his resistance and he too erupted in 
orgasm. His come spewed forth in thick creamy volleys that spilled onto 
and coated the plastic film on the limousine floor. He moaned as his 
cock and balls throbbed as they expelled globs of semen with each 
spasm. Cassandra moaned in pleasure as her orgasm subsided and she 
released Robert's head and breathed heavily as she recovered from 
orgasm. Robert looked down at the puddles of pearly white semen 
accumulated between his knees on the floor.

"Look at me, Robert." Mistress Calista said as she raised his head to 
look her in the eye. "You deliberately disobeyed me! You spewed your 
miserable cock fluid on my limousine floor! More disgustingly, you did 
it without my permission! You will be severely disciplined for your 
lack of resolve, Robert. Oh, how disappointed Mistress Agnes will be 
when she views this tape. What do you have to say for yourself, 
Robert?"

"I'm truly sorry Mistress, I didn't mean to come, or soil your car, or 
to disobey you, but your fingers n my cock - - made - -." Calista's 
open palm slapped hard at his cheek, painfully interrupting his 
response.

"Silence! You worthless slut-whore!" Exclaimed Calista. "Lick up your 
despicable semen soiling my car's floor. It's lucky Mistress Cassandra 
had the forethought to provide the plastic film or you would have 
stained the carpet." She slapped him unsparingly again. "That will be 
kind compared to the discipline you will receive later tonight." She 
said, as she pushed Robert's face down to lick up the semen he had 
spewed on the plastic film. Robert licked the salty thick come onto his 
tongue and swallowed each globule he licked into his mouth.

When he finished licking up the semen on the floor, Cassandra wiped his 
cock clean of semen with her finger and thrust it in Robert's mouth. He 
licked the finger clean of his come and lowered his eyes to the floor. 
Mistress Calista grasped his balls and clasped a light chain about them 
and pulling it tight. The chain was so tight that it was painful, but 
Robert dared not even whimper. The Mistresses were amused at his 
obviously painful plight and they ignored him totally as they engaged 
in small talk as the limousine sped on its way.

It was dusk when the limousine pulled into gated driveway and stopped. 
The gate opened slowly and the limousine drove through onto a wooded 
winding road. It was several minutes before a large stone mansion 
appeared between the trees. After a few moments more, the limousine 
pulled up to the front door of the mansion and stopped. A butler 
hurried down the few steps to the car to open the door. "Good evening, 
Mistress Calista, - - Ladies" Said the Butler as he helped the women 
out of the car.

"Good evening, Edward," Replied Calista as she handed Edward the chain 
she held in her hand. "Here, take this miserable excuse for a slave to 
the dungeon." The Butler nodded as he took the chain and pulled harshly 
on it to bring the naked Robert out of the car. "I'm famished, Edward. 
Has cook prepared dinner?" Asked Calista.

"Yes Mistress. Dinner awaits you all." He replied.

"Wonderful. - - Oh, Edward. Feed this creature his gruel sometime 
tonight, if you have a chance." Said Calista as she climbed the stairs 
and entered the house. The other ladies followed her, as Edward pulled 
Robert by the chain around his balls to a doorway on the side of the 
house. His balls hurt as Edward roughly pulled at the chain.

Robert's balls were begging to swell from the tight constriction around 
his balls. He tried to hurry to keep up with the butler, but his 
efforts were thwarted as Edward merely lifted the chain eliminating all 
slack. Robert's predicament worsened as he walked on coarse gravel on 
his bare feet. His tormentor, Edward, chuckled as he pulled Robert to 
the side doorway.

The doorway opened to a landing with steps leading up to the main house 
and another set of stairs that led to the basement. Edward pulled 
Robert down the basement steps. The basement was dimly lit, dank and 
cold as Robert walked naked behind the butler. Edward stopped at an 
oaken door, which was arched at the top, and opened it to reveal 
another set of steps leading down to a sub-basement. Robert followed 
the Butler down the steps. The sub-basement was warmer than the upper 
basement, but still cool. There were several chambers with steel doors, 
each with a small window that was sealed by a steel shutter.

Robert counted eight chambers as Edward stopped outside a chamber door. 
Robert could hear other movements and noises coming from other 
chambers, as Edward pulled him into the chamber he had just opened. He 
ordered Robert to lay down on a wooden cot with a meager mattress. He 
removed the chain from Robert's balls and hung the chain on a peg near 
the door.

Next, he attached a leather collar, two inches wide and shaped as a 
cone, about Robert's balls. The device had three small chains hanging 
from the bottom of the collar. Edward hooked each of the small chains 
to a larger chain hanging down from the ceiling and pulled it taut, 
raising Robert's balls up. Any movement caused the device to pull at 
his balls.

Next, Edward handcuffed Robert's wrists together, lifted them up and 
attached the cuffs to the same chain hanging from the ceiling. Robert 
was nearly suspended by the balls and wrists. Any body movement caused 
severe pressure and additional pain to his restrained balls. Without a 
word, Edward placed clamps on Robert's nipples and attached the chain 
between the nipple clamps to the same chain hanging down from the 
ceiling. Now his bondage was complete. He could not release himself and 
any movement brought stabbing pain to his balls and nipples.

Edward extended Robert's torment by wrapping a wide leather wrap around 
Robert's cock and fastened it tightly. The wrap contained multiple 
metal studs on the inside,. The studs dug into his cock shaft and 
cockhead causing severe discomfort. That device too, was attached to 
the ceiling chain. Next, he placed and locked leg irons on Robert's 
ankles. He completed Robert's plight by roughly inserting a thick butt 
plug into Robert's asshole without benefit of lubrication.

Satisfied with his handiwork, Edward left the chamber closing the door 
behind him, leaving Robert to consider his circumstances in the dimly 
lit chamber. The tears welled up in his eyes and Robert openly wept at 
the predicament forced on him by his beloved Mistress Agnes in sending 
him here for further training. Robert tried to sleep, but to no avail. 
He worried about his plight, as he was totally confused with the 
circumstances in which he found himself.

Suddenly the door opened and Mistress Calista, followed by Cassandra 
and Cerces, entered the room. The two lesser Mistresses raised his legs 
by the leg irons and hooked them to the chain hanging from the ceiling, 
leaving his ass cheeks totally exposed. Calista showed Robert a leather 
strap with a handle on one end, with holes and raised metal studs on 
the other. Calista smiled down at Robert and squeezed his cockwrap to 
watch him squirm and cry out in pain.

"Now, Robert, you must pay for soiling my limousine with your 
disgusting semen. You shall receive fifteen strokes of the strap for a 
total of thirty." Said Calista. "Cerces shall video tape your 
performance for Mistress Agnes' viewing. I suggest you comport yourself 
stoically, so you do not humiliate her." Without waiting for a reply, 
Calista struck him full upon the right ass cheek with all the strength 
she possessed.

His scream resonated throughout the dungeon chamber, as the pain burned 
into his body. His effort to catch his breath eluded him as the next 
stroke seared his ass flesh. There was no breath in his lugs to give 
voice to a scream, as he shuddered through the agony from only two 
strokes. Mistress Calista paid no attention Robert's pleas for her to 
stop, as she continued to strap his ass cheeks with all of her might.

He was moaning and crying from the strapping, while rivulets of tears 
streamed from the corners of his eyes. His body lurched with each 
stroke causing additional agony pulling at his nipples, balls, and 
cock. Careful to avoid striking his balls, Calista continued until the 
thirtieth blow landed on Roberts beet red ass cheeks.

Robert nearly fainted from the burning pain and his sobbing was barely 
audible, as Calista released the leg irons from the chain and allowed 
his legs to drop to the cot, adding pain to his already burning ass. 
Calista patted his cheek as she grinned at him and bid him good night.

"This is what you have to look forward to, if you come without 
permission again." She said sweetly. The three Mistresses quickly left 
the chamber, slamming the door behind them. Robert was left to his 
tears and pain. He sobbed for some time until sleep overtook his pain-
racked body and provided some sanctuary from his agony.

He felt something roughly shaking his shoulder to awaken him. It was 
Edward, waking him up. Without speaking, Edward released Robert's arms, 
nipples, cock and balls from the hanging chain. He removed Robert's leg 
irons and helped him off the cot to stand upright. Robert was 
disoriented and his aching body needed several moments to gain his 
balance. Edward gave him the time needed to recover.

He fastened the guide chain around his Robert's balls, again. Next, he 
suspended a heavy weight on the chains hanging from the leather cone 
encasing his balls. The weights hurt his tender balls as Edward pulled 
him out of the dungeon by the balls. Robert's arms ached from being 
suspended from the chain and his cock and balls were sore from their 
encasements. His ass cheeks still burned and though he could not see 
them he knew they were bright red.

Edward led him to the center of the antechamber outside his dungeon and 
pointed to a large wooden bucket in a corner. He motioned to Robert to 
relieve himself in the bucket. Robert did as instructed, but could not 
find any toilet tissue to cleanse himself. Edward, holding a water 
hose, motioned for him to arise from the bucket and stand in the center 
of the antechamber near a drain.

When Robert reached the drain, Edward turned the hose on him, showering 
him with cold water and startling him as he shivered under the stream 
of cold water. He had Robert turn around to cleanse his asshole as well 
as the rest of his body. The cold water shocked to full consciousness 
and soothed his still burning ass cheeks. When Edward felt that Robert 
was clean, he shut off the water and tossed Robert a towel to dry 
himself.

Robert was led, by the balls, up the stairs to the main part of the 
house. Still naked he was brought into a huge dining room. The three 
Mistresses were seated at the table along with several other people 
that he had not met. Only Robert was naked and he was mortified 
appearing before the other clothed guests. He was led to the end of the 
long table where a pedestal stood and he was ordered to stand upon it. 
The other guests hardly took notice of him as they ate their breakfast 
and engaged in small talk. Mistress Calista tapped her knife on her 
crystal glass causing it to ring out crisply each she tapped it.

"May I have your attention, ladies and gentlemen." Calista began. "This 
miserable slut has been sent here for advanced training to better serve 
his Mistress. His name is Robert. You all will have an opportunity to 
witness his training and interact with him." She paused for effect then 
continued. "Robert, these fine folks are my paying guests that have 
come here to live out their own particular fantasy. You, and they, will 
enjoy 'helping' each other realize their fantasy to satisfy their 
cravings, achieve their orgasms and in the process, enrich me."

They laughed at Calista's remarks and she waited until they were silent 
again. "The festivities for the paying guests will begin at sundown. 
For Robert, his training will commence as soon as he is fed." She said 
referring to Robert as a child or animal. She waved her hand dismissing 
him and Edward pulled Robert off the pedestal and out of the dining 
room leading him by the balls.

Edward brought Robert to the kitchen. There were three servants working 
there, one man and two young women. Robert was mortified at his 
nakedness, but the servants ignored him and continued about their work. 
Edward handed the guide chain to one of the women and left the room. 
"Hello, I'm Nell." Said the woman, as she sized Robert up.

"I'm going to teach you how to serve Mistress Calista and her guests." 
Nell told him as she led him to a table at the corner of the room. 
Robert tried to speak, but Nell quickly placed her finger over his 
lips. "Only speak when you are commanded to, Robert. Learn this now and 
your stay here at Mistress Calista's castle will not be as painful."

Nell spent the next five hours drilling Robert on the proper serving 
techniques for tea, cocktails, dinner and other meals, and the correct 
posture Mistress Calista demanded from her Slaves. "Robert, you must 
always be naked and kneeling when Mistress walks into a room. Never 
look her, or her assistant Mistresses, in the eyes unless ordered to do 
so. Please don't be clumsy. If you drop or spill anything, expect to be 
painfully corrected. When Mistress calls you, stop what you are doing 
and drop to your hands and knees and crawl to her, with your head and 
eyes down." Nell stopped and looked deeply into Robert's eyes. "Dear, 
Robert, I hope you remember all I've told you."

She smiled at him and asked him if he was hungry. Robert nodded yes and 
Nell told him to get on his knees and put his hands behind him. When he 
complied she handcuffed his wrists behind him and fastened the chain 
around his balls. She pulled him by the balls as he crawled on his 
knees to a corner of the kitchen. Robert saw a bowl of water, and 
another that the cook was filling with meatloaf. Nell pointed to the 
bowls and told him to eat and drink quickly as Edward was on his way to 
fetch him.

Robert, groveling like a dog, lowered his mouth to the bowl and swiftly 
ate the food, then lapped up the water just as Edward entered the 
kitchen. Edward took the chain from Nell and yanked Robert away from 
the bowls. Nell quickly wiped his face as Edward pulled Robert on his 
knees toward the Dining Room.

scholarshipstudent6-9 *The Scholarship Student Parts VI - VIIII James 
Lacy D/s, w/s, training, humiliation, hetero and gay sex, BDSM

The Scholarship Student By James Lacy

Feedback to lacy@erinet.com




PART VI

Training, Discipline and Edward

Robert spent the rest of the day, naked, serving Calista and her 
guests. He successfully avoided any major miscue, which might have 
earned him a correction, but he knew it could not last. As he served 
the after dinner brandy, the guests, both men and women, fondled his 
cock and balls or pulled at his nipples. He presented a stiff hardon in 
contrast to all the guests who were fully dressed.

Mistress Calista grasped his guide chain and pulled roughly causing 
Robert to nearly spill the drinks in the tray he carried. She laughed 
at his near miscue and pulled him from guest to guest introducing him 
to each one. Most were current or prior clients of the Dominatrix, 
Calista. Of the eight guests, six were professional people, either 
professors, doctors or lawyers. The last two were introduced as clients 
who were staying at Calista's Castle for the Holidays.

"This mannish looking person is, Willa. She is a confirmed lesbian with 
a taste for the rope and the lash." She turned to the older looking man 
sipping his brandy. "This fellow is, Beresford, our businessman 
special." Laughed Calista. "He rules an empire of steel, transportation 
and finance. Daily he controls the lives of hundreds of thousands of 
people, which he either ruins or rewards. He craves to be controlled 
and we certainly can provide that for him." She smiled. "Soon, you will 
all meet again, under different circumstances, I promise you."

Calista summoned Edward and handed him Robert's guide chain. "Take him 
to the tower, Edward." The butler nodded and painfully pulled Robert 
out of the room by the balls. Edward had Robert walk behind him as he 
led him through the mansion to a stairwell at the back of the house. 
They climbed a circular staircase to a heavy wooden door outside the 
tower room. He could hear voices coming from the tower room and the 
apprehension grew in his heart. Edward opened the door and pulled 
Robert inside.

The room was dim, lighted only by candles from a circular chandelier, 
suspended high above the center of the room. Robert looked about to see 
two men and two women, standing naked drinking wine. At the center of 
the room stood a device with steps leading to a rectangular platform 
with Velcro straps at the corners. On the other side of the platform 
was another set of steps leading down to the floor.

There was sufficient room underneath the device for a person to pass 
through to the other side. Robert was totally confused with why he was 
there and what was the purpose of the device. Edward led him about the 
room to where the people stood drinking. Each of them took turns 
fondling Robert's cock and balls and rubbing his nipples. Robert 
realized that he was there to entertain these people. He could feel his 
heart pounding in his chest as one man licked is finger and pushed it 
into Robert's asshole.

Robert sighed in resignation as he prepared himself for the worst. 
Edward grinned, as he pulled Robert up the stairs to the platform. At 
the top, Robert saw two padded shallow wells to contain his knees. 
Edward helped place Robert's knees into the padded wells and he 
fastened them tight with the Velcro straps. Similarly, the other side 
of the platform contained places for Robert's wrists, which Edward 
bound with the wrist Velcro restraints. Last he raised a small padded 
rest under Robert's abdomen, to prevent Robert from falling prone, and 
locked it in place.

Satisfied that Robert was securely bound Edward descended from the 
platform and left the tower room leaving Robert to his fate. The men 
and women looked at Robert and smiled, making small talk as they 
continued sipping their wine. The tower door opened to admit Mistress 
Calista dressed in a red leather bustier that fully revealed her ample 
tits. Her smooth shaven cunt was visible as she strode briskly into the 
room.

She looked up at Robert, trussed like an animal about to be 
slaughtered, and smiled sweetly at his plight. "Robert, I've leased you 
to these wonderfully people until midnight. They will have their way 
with you, and I will have the one thousand dollars that each of them 
paid for this joyful evening with you. Please, all of you, enjoy-enjoy. 
Remember he is not to come." She said as she hung a weight from 
Robert's balls, smiled at everyone and left the room.

Robert shuddered as one of the men walked under the platform to fondle 
and lick at his cock and balls. Another climbed the platform at his 
rear and began to lick and nibble at Robert's asscheeks and asshole. A 
woman climbed to the front of the platform to rub her unshaven cunt all 
over Robert's face. The other woman also came under the platform, to 
lick and tweak Robert's nipples.

All of the attention being paid to his genitals and nipples soon 
aroused him to a huge hard-on. The four began a rotation that brought 
each to all the stations of Robert's ravishment. The man with the 
largest cock got behind Robert, and slowly pushed his cock into 
Robert's ass hole. His sphincter resisted and the man applied 
increasing pressure until, in a final thrust, the cock was buried to 
the hilt. Robert was glad that the other man had not been first, as he 
had a monstrous long thick cock. But, he knew that it was only a matter 
of time.

The two couples ravaged him with their perverted desires well into the 
night. The four of them did not talk to Robert and only rarely to each 
other, as they pleasured themselves at Robert's expense. His balls and 
cock were sore from the sucking, biting and the weights that pulled on 
his balls. Finally, the man with the monstrous cock began to lubricate 
his massive tool. Robert realized that soon his fear would become 
reality, as he dreaded the entry of that massive cock in his ass hole.

The man spread some lubricant on Robert's ass hole and thrust two 
fingers roughly past his sphincter. He twisted and whirled his fingers 
about to loosen and spread the sphincter. Satisfied that it was ready 
he placed the tip of that monstrous cock against the puckered little 
hole. Slowly, he pushed his cock against Robert's ass hole until it 
began to surrender entry. Robert cried out, but one of the women 
muffled his cries by thrusting her cunt against his open mouth.

He gasped as the massive prong probed deeper into his ass. Robert 
thought his ass hole would tear apart as the huge bulbous cockhead 
entered and his sphincter grasped it behind the rim. With great, but 
careful, effort the man propelled the great cock forward until Robert 
thought he would split in two. Finally, he felt the man's huge balls 
come to rest against his own. "Now." Said the man.

The woman playing with Robert's genitals grasped his balls and cock, 
wrapped a leather cord tightly about them, and tied them to the balls 
of the man about to fuck his ass. As the massive cock was withdrawn, 
leaving only the cockhead buried in his ass, Robert felt his balls 
being pulled painfully backwards. The man thrust his cock forward, 
relieving the pressure on his balls, but filling him to the bursting 
point with the enormous cock.

Each time the man pulled back, Robert thought his balls would be ripped 
from his crotch. The forward stroke brought tears to Robert, as he felt 
he would be torn asunder by the thick long cock. The pain seemed to be 
unending, both on the entry and exit strokes. Robert tried to scream, 
but the cunt over his mouth allowed only muffled groans to sound out. 
He endured his torment, trying to squeeze the huge cock tightly with 
his sphincter, as if that would prevent his bowel from tearing.

The pain slowly began to ebb, as a pleasurable feeling gradually 
replaced it. Soon Robert began to enjoy the fucking his ass was 
receiving. Even the pulling at his balls felt as a pleasing sensation. 
He began to return the backward and forward thrusts in rhythm with the 
massive cock in his ass. He redoubled his efforts at sucking the cunt 
at his mouth, while he felt the other man and woman sucking his 
nipples.

Robert could feel his come boiling in his balls and he was sure he was 
about to explode in orgasm. Each time he thought he would come, the 
leather cord wound tightly about his balls and cock prevented his 
coming. It acted as a cock ring to deny him relief. Although he craved 
for release, he was glad he could not ejaculate, thus saving himself 
from a late night strapping from Edward or Mistress Calista.

Robert could feel the huge cock in his ass began to throb, signifying 
that the man was about to come. The man signaled to Mistress Calista 
and she quickly released the cord binding Robert's cock and balls. 
Suddenly, the man withdrew his cock in a single backstroke and 
ejaculated into Mistress Calista's palms, up stretched to receive his 
semen. She shaped her hands as a bowl to catch the thick creamy semen 
as it erupted from the man's cock. Volley after volley of the pearly 
come was expelled into Calista's waiting hands.

When the massive cock ceased spewing its seed, Calista brought the 
offering to Robert's mouth. She smiled at him, as he submissively 
lowered his mouth to the thick pearly fluid and began to lap up the 
salty elixir. Robert could hear the two couples and Mistress Calista 
laughing at his humiliating display of subservience. When he lapped up 
as much of the semen as he could, Calista wiped the remaining semen all 
over his face, to clean her fingers.

Robert could still hear them laughing as they gathered their belongings 
and left the tower chamber, leaving him alone in his restraints. He 
felt vindicated that he had not come throughout the hours he had spent 
being sexually ravaged by the four clients of Calista. Inwardly he was 
proud of himself. When Mistress Agnes saw the tape of this session she 
would be pleased at his endurance. Additionally, he was glad that his 
performance would preclude his receiving a strapping for coming without 
permission.

The chamber door opened and Edward climbed the platform to release 
Robert from his restraints. Without a word, Edward helped Robert from 
the platform, attached the guide chain to his balls and led him out of 
the tower chamber. Robert was taken to the kitchen where he was fed, 
like a dog, from a bowl on the floor. When he finished eating, Edward 
returned him to his dungeon and restrained him on his cot as before. 
The chain hanging from the ceiling again restrained his arms, legs, 
balls, cock and nipples.

Edward tested the restraints by pulling on them to determine if they 
were fastened tightly enough. Satisfied that the restraints were in 
order, Edward brought forth the leather strap. Horrified, Robert 
protested that he had endured, did not come and should not receive a 
strapping. Edward, ignoring the protests, fitted a ball gag to Robert's 
mouth to silence him, then took his stance to administer the strapping. 
Robert waited for the strapping to begin, when the door opened to admit 
Mistresses Calista, Cerces and Cassandra.

"Robert," began Calista, "you endured my clients ministrations, so you 
will not be strapped for disobedience, because you did not come." 
Robert sighed deeply in relief. The assistant Mistresses were busy 
pinching, pulling and flicking at Robert's balls and nipples. "I shall 
strap you because it amuses me, Robert." Calista told him with as sweet 
a smile as she could muster. Edward brought chairs for each of the 
Mistresses and held them as they sat down. "Thank you, Edward. You're 
so thoughtful." Continued Calista, "You may begin."

Edward took up the strap and smiled at Robert, as he stood behind the 
cot to allow the Mistresses an unimpeded view of the proceedings. 
Without warning, Edward brought the strap harshly against Robert's ass 
cheeks. Robert muffled a scream into his ball gag, as Edward laid on 
several more lashes in quick succession. Robert was openly crying as 
the blows continued to sear and burn his ass cheeks. Edward took 
careful aim and landed the next three strokes full on Robert's balls. 
Robert screamed aloud, in spite of the ball gag, and could hear the 
Mistresses laughing, as the stabbing pain overtook him and he slipped 
into unconsciousness.

Robert felt a gentle hand shaking his shoulder, as he was aroused from 
a deep sleep. He opened his eyes to see Nell awakening him. "Mistress 
Calista wants you in the dining room right away, Robert." She told him 
as she began releasing his restraints.

"What time is it, Nell?" Asked Robert, as he painfully brought himself 
to a sitting position on the cot.

"It's nearly seven pm. You've been sleeping for nearly twenty-four 
hours, Robert. Are you all right?"

"Yes, Nell. I'm OK, just exhausted and sore." Replied Robert, as he let 
Nell help him to stand. He put his arm over her shoulder and leaned on 
her as she took him to the outer dungeon chamber. The torments, and 
pleasures, he had received left his asshole, ass cheeks, genitals, and 
nipples aching. He shuddered as Nell sprayed him with cold water from 
the hose, to clean him, before presenting him to Mistress Calista. The 
cold water soothed his aches and pains to some degree, and for that 
Robert was grateful.

Nell, alarmed, dropped the hose and ran into Robert's dungeon to 
retrieve the guide chain for his balls. "Please don't tell Mistress 
Calista that I almost forgot your leash. She'll have Edward whip me." 
Nell confessed as she attached the chain tightly to Robert's balls.

"Don't worry, Nell, I won't say anything." Robert assured her. She 
smiled her thanks and led him, by the balls, up the stairs to the upper 
floor of the house., Robert saw that it was dusk, as he was led past a 
large window and into the dining room. Mistress Calista sat, naked, at 
the head of the table. The lesbian, Willa, and the businessman, 
Beresford, both naked, sat at the table with Calista. Cassandra and 
Cerces were naked too and fondling one another in a corner of the 
dining room.

"Ah, Robert." Said Mistress Calista. "How nice of you to join us." Nell 
brought Robert to Calista's side and had him kneel at her feet. "Thank 
you, Nell. You may go now." Nell curtsied and took her leave. Robert 
kept his eyes down, afraid to look Mistress Calista directly. She 
smiled at his subservience, as she softly rubbed his sore nipples, then 
reached down to fondle, and cup his cock and aching balls. "Is your ass 
hole still sore from the fucking you received, Robert?" She asked 
sweetly.

"Yes, Mistress." Replied Robert without looking up.

"I'm pleased with your progress so far, Robert. Tonight is the last 
night you will spend here, and you must strive to please and amuse me. 
Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Soon you will serve me for the last time during this visit to my home. 
Tomorrow, you will be taken to the airport to return to Mistress 
Agnes." Calista told him. "Now, you may rise so we might fondle you at 
our leisure." Robert stood and was passed on to Willa and Beresford to 
be fondled. They both refused, and turned away from Robert. "You see, 
Robert, they refuse to toy with you. Do you know why?" Without waiting 
for an answer, Calista continued.

"Willa is a confirmed lesbian, Robert. She cannot stand the thought of 
sexually interacting with a man, any man. She comes here so that 
Cassandra, Cerces and I can satisfy her perverted desires to be 
dominated by women!" Calista declared. "Beresford, on the other hand, 
also lives only for female domination to bring his sexual desires to 
fruition. He abhors any sexual contact with or by another male." She 
reached out with her arms and grasped a nipple from both Willa and 
Beresford and pulled them harshly. Both of her clients grimaced at the 
pain inflicted by their Mistress.

"Well, that's why they pay me to bring reality to their perverted 
fantasies." Calista advised Robert, as she pulled him by the balls to 
the corner where Cassandra and Cerces were playing with one another. 
"Here, ladies, another playmate for you to toy with, while Willa and 
Beresford prepare to serve you in the tower." The Mistresses eagerly 
accepted their gift and began to play, fondle and suck at Robert's 
genitals and nipples. Calista invited Willa and Beresford to follow her 
to the Tower for their sessions. Naked, Calista and her clients left 
the dining room.




PART VII

Willa, Robert and Nell

Mistresses, Cassandra and Cerces continued to play with each other and 
to fondle Robert. They brought him near orgasm several times without 
allowing him release. All of their fondling involved soothing sexual 
pleasures, without any hint of pain. Robert was apprehensive each time 
one of the Mistresses touched his genitals, expecting to be tormented 
at any time. As they played with Robert, Edward entered the room and 
motioned to Cassandra. "Come Cerces, Mistress Calista has summoned us," 
said Cassandra, "and we're to bring this wretch with us." Referring to 
Robert.

Cerces grasped the guide chain and roughly jerked at Robert, painfully 
pulling at his balls. "On your knees, slave!" Commanded Cassandra. "You 
will crawl, to present your miserable self to your Mistress Calista." 
Robert dropped to all fours and crawled as fast as he could to keep up 
with the two Mistresses. Cerces continued to jerk the chain, causing 
him great discomfort, although she deliberately avoided inducing real 
pain. They led him to the tower and had him crawl up the stairs on all 
fours. His knees scraped on the stairs and hurt, but the women 
continued to climb, and pull him along, without regard for his comfort.

The three of them reached the top of the stairs and entered the Tower 
Chamber. Robert kept his eyes down gazing at the floor, fearful that he 
might be disciplined if he looked about. A bright spotlight illuminated 
the chamber. The rest of the room was in shadows. He could hear chains 
rattling and people moaning softly, but he dared not look up. He 
recognized Mistress Calista's laugh and surmised that it was her 
walking about, clicking her high-heeled boots on the wooden floor. The 
boots stopped in front of him and the boot toes were underneath his 
chin.

"Robert, lick my boots." Ordered Calista. Robert bent his mouth to the 
boots and began to lick and draw his tongue about them. "Enough, 
Robert." Calista said softly, patting his head as if he were a pet. 
"Look up and see how Willa and Beresford are bound, restrained and 
ready for my pleasure." Robert raised his head to see Willa restrained 
by chains. She was bent over so her tits hung down. Her legs were 
spread wide and her ankles fastened to rings on the floor. She was 
naked, with her cunt, ass and tits exposed and vulnerable.

Beresford, too, was naked and similarly bound. Mistress Cassandra was 
placing a ball gag over his mouth and head to keep him quiet. Robert 
could see pre-come form at his cock hole and his cock was long and 
hard. Calista snapped her fingers and a form moved out of the shadows 
into the light. It was Nell and she too, was naked. Calista handed her 
a glass and motioned for her to drink from a pitcher of iced tea. As 
Nell drank, Calista kneeled down to cup Roberts chin, and kiss him 
sweetly on his forehead.

"Look, dear Robert, Willa is neatly open to my will. She is a total, 
complete and absolute lesbian. Never has she lain with a man. She 
despises all things male, especially cocks! She longs for Nell's tender 
cunt, but it has been denied her. Tonight she will get what she needs. 
Isn't that so, Willa?" Said Calista to her client.

"Yes, Mistress." Replied Willa.

"Robert. Willa comes here to satisfy her base perversion for 
discipline. She craves and needs the whip more than she needs cunts and 
tits to frolic with. Willa dares not tell her lover this, however, she 
only tells me. Her lover abhors our lifestyle and would leave our 
Willa, if she ever found out. Each time I ask Willa about herself, she 
only tells me, that she hates men and would never submit to any man." 
Mistress Calista moved to Willa's side and gingerly fondled Willa's 
nipple. "Tonight, Willa, you will submit to my desire to be amused!" 
Declared Calista. "It amuses me to watch you get fucked by Robert."

"Never!" Shouted Willa, as she strained at her chains. "Don't you dare 
even think to do this to me, you bitch!" "Bitch? - - Did I hear you 
call me a bitch, dear Willa?" Said Calista sweetly, but with a sneer. 
"We'll see whose will prevails!" She moved to Robert and had him stand. 
Mistress Cerces quickly fastened a cock ring tightly about Robert's 
cock. "You'll fuck and suck this cock until you've come enough to 
satisfy me."

"You fucking whore, Calista! You said I'd have Nell tonight! You lying 
cunt!" Shouted Willa.

"No darling, you weren't listening. I said you would get what you 
needed. - - - Not what you wanted."

"You fucking cunt! Release me this instant!" Cried Willa. "You rotten 
bitch, I didn't pay you to have me raped!"

"Oh, Willa, you won't be raped, you'll be fucked and you'll suck a 
cock! You won't like it, but it will so amuse me and my fellow 
Mistresses, won't it, dears?" Calista cooed to her two assistants. She 
motioned to Nell to drink more tea and then walked to stand next to 
Willa. Calista opened her hand and Cerces placed a long buggy whip in 
her palm. "Tell me, Willa. Do you like Golden Showers?" Motioning Nell 
to drink more tea.

"No! God damn it, Calista, this is over! I quit! Release me now!" Cried 
Willa.

"Oh I think not, Willa, remember, I have all this, and other, sessions 
on tape. We could show them to your lover, your boss, your co-workers 
and who ever else you think might like to know what you like." Calista 
smiled sweetly at Willa, and brought the whip harshly across the top of 
Willa's defenseless tits. Willa screamed and cursed Calista, which 
earned her another sternly delivered stroke across the tits.

"Damn you, Calista! I'll ruin you! You fucking cunt, don't you dare 
threaten me!" Shouted Willa. Calista pulled Robert's chain and he came 
to her side. She grasped his rock hard cock and showed it to her bound 
captive. "See this drop of clear fluid coming from his cock hole, 
Willa? Please stick out your tongue and lick it away."

"Fuck you!" Responded Willa, haughtily. Calista smiled and struck again 
at Willa's tits, raising a welt. Willa's screams pierced the chamber as 
Calista pummeled Willa's tits unmercifully. Welts, deep red and purple, 
marked the top and underside of Willa's breasts. Tears were running 
freely, as the screams died out to soft sobbing. Willa hung limply in 
her chains, as Calista offered her Robert's cock once again. "No! 
Bitch! Fuck you, you whore!" Mistress Calista walked to Willa's front 
holding the whip down at her side. She smiled as Willa looked up at 
her, then cruelly brought the whip hard up on Willa's cunt, striking 
her full on the clit.

Again, the screams shrilled through the chamber, as Calista repeated 
the strokes every few seconds, not giving Willa time to catch her 
breath. "Willa," said Calista sweetly, "please like the pre-come from 
Roberts cockhead before it drops off and soils the floor. Be a dear and 
please your Mistress." Willa shook her head, no, and Calista delivered 
a fierce blow, that broke the skin of Willa's cunt lip and bruised her 
clit. The pain was so intense that Willa opened her mouth to scream, 
but no sound came out.

Willa hung from her chains, with her eyes rolling in their sockets, as 
Calista readied to deliver another blow. The bound lesbian opened her 
mouth and slowly put out her tongue. Her Mistress brought the cockhead 
to her and she licked the drop of pre-come off Robert's cock and 
swallowed it. "Thank you, Willa." Said Calista as she brought out a 
pair on nipple clamps and clamped one on each of Willa's nipples. A 
chain joined the clamps and Calista fastened a weight to the center of 
the chain. She watched the terror in Willa's eyes, as her slave 
realized that Calista was going to drop the weight.

Willa shook her head, as Calista smiles sweetly and dropped the weight. 
She groaned in pain, as the weight was stopped abruptly by the chain. 
The pain seared through her nipples, as Calista patted Willa's cheek. 
Her captive was now totally subservient. Calista brought Robert's cock 
to Willa's mouth and she began to lick and suck it. Robert strained, as 
Willa's tongue aroused his balls and they began to boils to release 
their heavy load of semen. He strained and tried to come, but the cock 
ring contained his relief. Calista next offered Willa Robert's balls 
and she dutifully licked and sucked at them as well.

Calista motioned to Cassandra to lower Willa's chains so that Willa was 
lying on a padded bench. Next, she brought Robert between Willa's legs 
to stand in front of her exposed cunt. "Fuck the cunt, Robert!" Ordered 
Calista disgustedly. Robert placed his cockhead between Willa's cunt 
lips as she shook her head and moaned 'no- no'. Slowly, Robert inserted 
his cockhead into Willa's pussy and kept pressing it forward. He felt 
resistance, as his cock shattered her maidenhead and violated her 
virgin cunt.

The backstroke revealed a trace of blood from her maidenhead, which 
pleased Calista and the other Mistresses. Robert kept fucking the 
defeated Willa in deep penetrating strokes. "Fuck her until she comes, 
Robert." Said Willa, as she motioned for Nell to drink more iced tea. 
Willa lay motionless, as Robert continued fucking her. She decided to 
deny Calista the orgasm that her Mistress decreed. She would show 
Calista that she was a true lesbian, and her will was just as strong as 
Calista's.

Willa was determined not to come. She tried to think of other things to 
avoid sexual arousal. Her attempt at self-discipline, though admirable, 
was doomed, as her loins began to stir with desire. As Robert's cock 
dove deep into her cunt, it rubbed her clit with each forward and 
backstroke. Soon, Willa began breathing heavily as her desire was 
transformed into passion. Now she began to thrust her hips toward 
Robert in rhythm with his strokes. Her thrusts became more pronounced, 
and she moaned with lust as she fucked Robert as hard as he was fucking 
her.

Mistress Calista sat near Willa's head, sipping wine, as her slaves 
were fucking for her amusement. Willa began to grunt and gasp with each 
stroke as she could feel her juices flowing heavily. She began to arch 
her back and grind her cunt against Robert with every in stroke. 
Suddenly, Willa screamed and gasped, as her orgasm exploded deep in her 
cunt and throughout her ravaged clit. Her eyes rolled in her head with 
orgasmic pleasure as she continued coming from the wonderful cock in 
her cunt. She shuddered through another orgasm and looked deeply into 
Calista's eyes and smiled as she came again.

Exhausted, Willa relaxed her body and enjoyed the last few strokes that 
Robert delivered with his cock, before Calista stopped him from fucking 
her. "Well, Willa. I guess that you were telling the truth about being 
a virgin. Robert deflowered you in fine fashion, don't you think?" 
Calista asked her. Willa did not answer. She continued to breathe 
heavily and tried to catch her breath. "Those were excellent orgasms, 
Willa dear. It pleased us all. Even Beresford enjoyed watching, though 
he was speechless." Joked Calista about Beresford's ball gag.

The other Mistresses raised Willa to her original position. Her 
weighted nipple clamps revived the pain in her nipples, as Calista 
moved behind her to examine her asshole. "Tell me, Willa, is this ass 
hole also a virgin? I think not, as you've told me your lover likes to 
finger your asshole, doesn't she?" Asked Calista. Willa, still 
breathing heavy, nodded her head. "Well, let's introduce it to a cock, 
shall we?" Calista pulled Robert to Willa's backside, with the chain on 
his balls.

She reached between Willa's legs to gather her cunt juices and rub them 
on her ass hole as a lubricant. Resigned to her fate, Willa gasped as 
she felt the tip of Robert's cock, touch her ass hole. Slowly, he 
shoved his cockhead against her sphincter. It resisted and he pushed 
harder, but to no avail. It would not open. Calista wet her finger in 
Willa's cunt and thrust it roughly into her ass. The finger penetrated 
the sphincter and Calista moved it about to loosen the tight orifice.

Robert tried again and again the sphincter resisted, but soon it 
surrendered and admitted his cockhead. Robert deliberately pushed his 
cock deeper into Willa's asshole until it was fully embedded. Willa 
moaned as the pain rose in her ass from the fullness of the cock 
invading her last stronghold of lesbianism. As Robert began his 
penetrating strokes, Willa cried out from the pain. Her tears were 
rolling down her cheeks as Calista put her tongue to Willa's cheek to 
taste the tears. As Robert fucked her ass, Willa's pain transformed 
slowly to pleasure as the oils began to boil within her again.

Robert quickened his efforts and was rewarded with a cry of delight, as 
Willa erupted in orgasm. She grinned and laughed at the joy she felt in 
her ass and cunt, as another wave of orgasm consumed her. When the 
orgasms subsided, Calista moved Robert to Willa's front. "Open your 
mouth, cunt!" Calista ordered her, and she thrust Robert's cock deep 
into Willa's throat. As Willa began to suck and lick Robert's cock, he 
felt Cassandra, release the cock ring from around the base of his cock.

Willa realized that Robert no longer was prevented from coming and she 
pulled back, spitting out the cock in her mouth. "No!" She screamed. "I 
won't have him come in my mouth! I won't." As she spoke the words, she 
felt a burning pain on her ass cheeks, as Mistress Cerces cruelly began 
to lay hard strokes upon them. Willa screamed again from the pain, as 
her ass was marked with red welts rising up from her flesh. She kept 
refusing to suck Robert's cock, as Cerces redoubled her efforts and 
began to break the skin on Willa's ass.

Finally, Willa capitulated to her Mistress's demand and took Robert's 
cock back into her mouth. Cerces kept rubbing the whip on Willa's ass 
cheeks as a reminder of what was in store for her if she stopped 
sucking Robert's cock. Robert could feel his semen begin to boil in his 
balls. He had not come in his ordeal with the two couples and he fought 
hard to keep from coming now, lest he be punished. Willa's tongue was 
maddening on his cock head and he began to throb each time her tongue 
licked over the sensitive underside of his cockhead.

Mistress Calista marvelled at Robert's endurance and she withheld 
permission to come just to see how much longer he could go without 
coming. His knees buckled, but he recovered and continued to strain not 
to come. His cock was throbbing and Willa's eyes were opened wide, as 
she realized that he might come in her mouth. She tried to pull back, 
but the threat of Cerces whip kept her to her task. Robert was in 
obvious turmoil as he struggled in a losing battle against coming. 
Tears were forming in his eyes and he bit his lip to prevent spilling 
his seed.

Calista sipped her wine and casually whispered, "You have permission to 
come, Robert." When Robert heard the words his eyes rolled back and he 
literally exploded in a massive orgasm. The thick creamy semen burst 
out to strike Willa's throat in volley after volley of frothy pearly 
goo. His balls were visibly contracting to expel the pent up come from 
his cockhole. Robert's knees failed him and Calista and Cassandra held 
him upright to continue delivering great globules of semen into Willa's 
mouth.

Willa swallowed the come to enable her to clear her throat to breathe. 
It seemed as though Robert would never cease coming. Each time he 
filled her mouth with semen she swallowed it, only to have it replaced 
by another mouthful. Finally, Robert orgasm began to subside and he 
spurt smaller dribbles of semen into her mouth. Calista forced Willa to 
milk Robert's cock with her lips to extract the last remaining drops of 
come into her mouth and swallow them.

"What have you to say to me, Willa?" Asked Calista of her bound and 
captive slave. Still angered by Calista's forcing her to fuck and suck 
a man, Willa, refused to answer. Mistress Calista raised the whip and 
struck her a fierce blow to her tits, breaking the skin on one of her 
nipples. Willa screamed and sobbed at the savage blow, gasping to catch 
her breath. "Again, dear Willa, what have you to say to me?" Savaged by 
the ferocity of the blow just delivered Willa knew that Calista was 
determined to have her way. The bound slave looked into her Mistress's 
eyes and spoke softly.

"Thank you, Mistress." She said.

"Your Welcome, Darling." Replied Calista. "I'm sure you haven't 
forgotten our sweet naked Nell and your lust for her, have you Willa?" 
Willa reacted with all her strength, at the prospect of making love to 
Nell. She raised her head to see Nell standing about a foot away from 
her face. The young slave was drinking the last of her iced tea and 
handed the empty glass to Mistress Cassandra. "Step closer to Willa, 
Nell, but don't let her touch you." Ordered Calista. Nell moved within 
a few inches of Willa. The bound slave strained to touch Nell. Willa 
could smell her musk emanating from her sweet young cunt.

"Beg me to let you have Nell." Calista told Willa.

"Please, Mistress, don't deny me. I'm sorry for calling you names. I 
was wrong. I didn't mean it. Please let me have her, please - - -." 
Begged Willa.

"Quiet, slut!" Ordered Calista. " I may let your nostrils drink in her 
musk, if I choose. Nell, open your tender sweet cuntlips so Willa might 
place her nose between them." Nell moved forward to comply as Calista 
gruffly grasped Willa by her short sweat soaked hair and looked deep 
into her face. "I'll whip you until you can't stand, Willa, if you try 
to touch Nell's cunt with your tongue. Do you understand me?" Willa 
nodded as she slowly moved the tip of her nose between Nell's fragrant 
cunt lips.

"Breathe deeply, Willa. Tantalize your senses with her sweet 
fragrance." Calista taunted her. "Wouldn't you love to roll your tongue 
on her honey clit to taste her nectar, Willa?" She handed Nell another 
glass of tea and motioned to her to drink. "Willa, her nectar is as 
sweet as honey and her fluids are the same color as honey. Would you 
like to see and taste her nectar, Willa?" The bound slave nodded yes, 
but was careful to avoid tasting Nell's cunt.

"Willa, when I tell you to 'taste her', you will stick out your tongue 
to lick at her nectar. Do you under stand, dear?" Calista sweetly told 
Willa. The slave nodded and her heart began to pound in her chest at 
the thought of possessing the sweet Nell. Mistress Calista nodded to 
Nell, then cooed into Willa's ear, "Taste her." Willa opened her mouth 
to suck in Nell's cunt, when Nell sprayed forth a stream of hot yellow 
pee, splashing over and into Willa's open mouth.

Willa screamed in outrage, as Calista grabbed her by the back of the 
neck and pushed her face full into the yellow stream of urine spurting 
out of Nell's cunt. The young woman continued to empty her bladder onto 
Willa's face. Nell was thankful for the opportunity to relief, after 
drinking huge volumes of tea. Willa spared no expletive in condemning 
Calista's treatment of her. Finally, Nell stopped streaming pee onto 
Willa's face and stood leaking urine from her cunt and down her thighs.

"Clean her, Willa!" Ordered Calista. Willa's desire for the young 
servant overcame her anger for her Mistress, and she began to lick the 
salty liquid into her mouth. "Service her cunt and clit, you lesbian 
bitch." Willa took to her new tasking with unbridled enthusiasm and 
sought out the sweet nub nestled between Nell's cuntlips. Soon, Nell 
began to sway with desire, as she felt her orgasm building in her 
loins. Cerces and Cassandra, each placed an arm behind Nell to steady 
her through her impending orgasm, and began to fondle her cute little 
nipples.

Nell exploded in a savage orgasm that buckled her knees. The two 
Mistresses held her to prevent her from falling. Nell's cunt erupted 
with a cascade of cunt juices that flooded Willa's mouth. She moaned 
with pleasure, as Willa's tongue continued to extract multiple orgasms 
from the servant girl. Nell nearly swooned from the joy of her orgasms. 
The two Mistresses, holding Nell, tenderly lowered her to the chamber 
floor, when her orgasms subsided. Willa strained to reach her, but to 
no avail. Her restraints prevented it.

"There, Nell," Cooed Calista, "I've finally allowed you to come, 
darling. Wasn't that excruciating wonderful orgasm worth the two-week 
wait? I think so." Said Calista, answering her own question.




PART VIII

Beresford, Edward, Robert and Sweet Nell

Mistress Calista now turned her attentions toward Beresford, still 
straining at his chains. Beresford was privately pleased to see the 
lesbian, Willa, receive the heterosexual torments that she, in his 
mind, so richly deserved. His ball gag prevented him from speaking his 
concurrence with his Mistress's actions toward Willa. Calista sensed 
that Beresford was glad that Willa had been humiliated through having 
to endure and experience sex with a male.

"So, Beresford, are you pleased with Willa's performance?" She asked 
him. Beresford nodded yes and Calista noted a momentary twinkle in his 
eye. Mistress Cerces moved behind him and began to fondle his cock and 
balls. His pleasure at the fondling of his genitals was obvious from 
the oohs and ahs escaping from his ball gag. Cassandra brought a 
restraining instrument to apply to Beresford's balls. It was made of 
two dowel rods, each one half inch in diameter and about eighteen 
inches in length. They were joined together by a bolt at each end of 
the device that passed through both dowel rods. The bolts had large 
wing nuts by which to bring the rods together, crushing anything 
between them.

Cassandra placed the device at the back of Beresford's thighs and 
separated the dowels. Cerces pushed his balls through the opening and 
Cassandra screwed down the wing nuts trapping his balls outside the 
rods. Beresford moaned in pain, as Cassandra tightened the device to 
squeeze the space between his cock and balls firmly in the grasp on the 
device. The ends of the dowels lay hard against the back of his thighs. 
Fondling his exposed testicles, Cerces grasped a short and narrow 
leather paddle and began to spank Beresford's balls.

At first the blows were lightly applied and felt more like heavy 
fondling than a spanking, but soon the blows increased in severity and 
Beresford began to hurt with each blow. Even though the blows hurt they 
also felt good and his cock began to swell until his hard on presented 
his Mistresses with a fully erect eight-inch cock. "How dare you show 
that miserable prong to me and my Mistresses, you worthless pig!" 
Declared Calista as she struck Beresford's cockhead harshly with the 
whip she still held.

He jerked as the pain in his cockhead coursed throughout his body. "Did 
you like that, Beresford?" Asked Mistress Calista sweetly. He shook his 
head no, as the pain in his cockhead subsided. "That was a love tap, 
compared to what you'll receive if you refuse me. Your worthless cock 
won't even function to urinate let alone any sexual function, if you 
resist my amusement." She grabbed him by his sweaty hair and raised his 
head to look him in the eye, as she softly told him, "I'll also strike 
your miserable balls with equal force if you refuse me anything I ask."

Beresford nodded his compliance and Calista motioned to Cassandra to 
remove his ball gag. Meanwhile, Cerces stopped paddling Beresford's 
balls. She moved to Robert and had been fondling and masturbating his 
cock to restore his hardon to fullness. She grasped him by his hard 
cock and led him to Mistress Calista. "See this cock, Beresford? You 
will lick and suck it until he comes down your throat!" She said 
sternly.

"No, Mistress!" Beresford shouted, as he tried to turn away from the 
young man's proffered cock.

"You too, Beresford? Didn't you see Willa bend to my will? Must I make 
mincemeat of your cock and balls before you comply with my will?" She 
asked him, as she savagely struck his protruding and defenseless balls, 
with the whip. His scream pierced the Tower Chamber and was rewarded 
with another blow to his aching testes. He slumped in his chains, 
unable to even scream from the unbearable pain. His eyes rolled and he 
nearly lost consciousness. "Would you like another stroke to remind you 
what's in store for you, Beresford, if you resist my wishes?" Calista 
asked him.

His head hung down and he softly whispered, "No, Mam."

"Good, Beresford, that's a good boy. Now open wide for Mamma, shall 
we?" Cooed Calista as she grabbed his hair and brought his mouth to 
Robert's hard cock. Beresford had hatred in his eyes as he reluctantly 
opened his mouth. "Before you taste his magnificent cock, Beresford, 
notice the pre-come oozing from his cock hole." She paused for effect, 
then continued. "Robert is a young man and his pre-come is thick, clear 
and salty. Just right for your palate, my client slave. You often 
described, to me, your absolute hatred of sex between males, although 
you are always eager to watch, and participate, in sex between 
females.'

"I've never understood that, Beresford." Continued Calista. "Sex is 
wonderful no matter who the participants are. That's my view. You need 
to be introduced to the wonders of same gender sex, to fully appreciate 
life." Calista placed the tip of her whip on Beresford's cockhead to 
remind him of his predicament. "Ah, I see you're flaccid now. No 
matter, Beresford, only Robert's cock need be hard, not yours."

"Good. Now that we understand one another, Beresford, here's what you 
must do to amuse me." Calista told him. "Lick the pre-come from 
Robert's cock and swallow it." Reluctantly, Beresford, put out his 
tongue, to flick it across Roberts cock hole, wiping up the clear salty 
nectar. " That's nice, now take this wonderful cock into your mouth and 
lick the cockhead all over, Beresford." Mortified, he closed his lips 
about Robert's cock and wrapped his tongue around it. Calista seized 
his hair and began to move his head back and forth on Robert's cock.

Robert closed his eyes to enjoy the smooth tongue sucking and licking 
his manhood. Beresford continued sucking hoping that somehow the young 
man would resist coming and spare him this indignity. As he tasted the 
rock hard piston fucking his mouth, he saw, out of the corner of his 
eye, that Edward had entered the chamber naked. He walked to Calista's 
side and stood awaiting her instruction.

"Cassandra, prepare Edward, please." Mistress Calista ordered. 
Cassandra kneeled before Edward and took his flaccid cock into her 
mouth. Cerces, meanwhile, replaced the cock ring onto Robert's cock to 
prevent him from orgasm. Soon, Cassandra had Edwards cock erect to its 
full nine-inch posture. It was a massive and magnificent cock. Fully 
two inches thick in its shaft and larger still at the large bulbous 
purple head. Cassandra expertly sheathed the magnificent cock in a 
condom, kissed Edward on the cheek, then kneeled at Calista's feet.

Beresford realized what would happen next, as he continued to suck the 
young cock in his mouth. His eyes opened wide as Edward, taking his cue 
from Calista, moved behind Beresford to place his cock head between the 
cheeks of Beresford's ass. Slowly, his cockhead pushed against 
Beresford's resisting sphincter. His determined refusal to comply with 
Calista's wishes caused him great pain, as Edward's relentless cock 
pressed forward. Soon, the sphincter surrendered and Edward rammed his 
great cock painfully into the depths of Beresford's ass.

Calista smiled with pleasure as her bound slave moaned with the pain, 
at the violation of his asshole. "Tell me, Beresford, does it feel as 
good as it does when you're the one doing the fucking?" Calista taunted 
him, as she held his head to Robert's cock. Edward began pumping his 
great cock in and out of the asshole it was buried in. Beresford could 
not bring himself to relax and enjoy the fucking he was getting. 
Calista enjoyed watching him squirm and writhe with pain, as Edward 
continued his relentless assault.

"Relax, you bigoted asshole, suck that cock and thrust your ass back 
towards Edward." Calista told him. "Remember, I still hold this whip 
and I'm aching to blister your cockhead, you faggot!" Beresford rolled 
and shut his eyes, resigned to his fate he began to earnestly suck 
Robert's cock and fuck Edward's cock. Calista reached out to Robert to 
remove the cock ring from his cock. Almost immediately, Robert felt his 
semen begin to boil in his balls as the warm tongue rolled about his 
cockhead.

Mistress Calista was proud of how neatly her plan had been executed 
this evening. She spread her legs and motioned to Nell to service her 
asshole. Quickly her servant moved to her task. It was evident that 
Nell had performed this service many times before, and her Mistress 
closed her eyes momentarily to enjoy it. Edward quickened his pace as 
he sensed his orgasm was near. Robert too, could feel his cock 
throbbing in Beresford's mouth as he resisted the urge to come, just as 
he had been trained to do. Calista's sense told her that both of her 
servants were ready to orgasm and she smiled watching both of them 
trying to prevent coming.

"Edward, Robert, you both have my permission to come, dear slaves." 
Calista said sweetly. Edward erupted first, as he spewed his semen deep 
into the condom sheathing his cock inside Beresford's ass. His cock 
seemed to spasm for several minutes, although it was only seconds. The 
ferocity of his orgasm caused his knees to buckle momentarily, but he 
recovered quickly to continue emptying his fluid into Beresford's ass. 
The bound slave's ass felt as though it was swelling, as the semen 
filled the condom to the brim.

Edward clasped his thumb and forefinger tightly about the condom at the 
base of his cock and slowly withdrew his still erect cock from 
Beresford's ass. Carefully, Edward prevented any of his semen from 
oozing out of the condom, still bloated as a balloon, about his cock. 
He watched as Robert's body stiffened, his eyes rolled back and he 
erupted his come deep into Beresford's throat. The bound slave gagged 
as the semen spurted forcefully from the young cock onto his tongue and 
rolled about his throat.

"Swallow it all, Beresford, or you'll regret it." Calista cautioned 
him. Beresford, reluctantly, submitted to his Mistress's demands and 
swallowed the massive load of come in his mouth. He continued to 
swallow, as Robert spewed forth volleys of semen with each spasm of his 
cock. Finally, Robert could come no more and he pulled his cleansed 
cock from Beresford's mouth. Cerces took Robert's arm and had him sit 
in a hassock she placed behind him.

Edward removed the condom from his cock and handed it to Cassandra. 
Mistress Calista ordered Beresford to cleanse Edward's cock of semen 
and the bound slave did as ordered. Edward moved out of the light, 
disappeared into the shadows. Cerces had Robert lay belly down on the 
hassock with his ass pointed at Beresford. Cassandra brought the come 
filled condom over Robert's ass and emptied some semen onto Robert's 
ass and between his ass cheeks. The thick pearly semen slowly flowed 
over his ass hole and onto his balls.

"Lick and swallow the come, Beresford." Commanded Calista. Mortified 
and humiliated Beresford collected the semen from between Robert's 
asscheeks with his tongue. As he sucked and licked up the semen, 
Cassandra continued to pour semen from the condom onto Robert's ass and 
balls. When Beresford finished, Cassandra turned the condom inside out 
and pushed it into Beresford's mouth, and he licked it clean.

"Now, lick Robert's asshole for my amusement, Beresford." Commanded 
Calista. He reached out his tongue and began to ream out Robert's ass 
hole. "Push your tongue inside his asshole, you miserable whore." 
Beresford did as commanded and pushed his tongue against the sphincter 
until it parted. Calista smiled her victory smile, satisfied that she 
had completely broken Beresford to her will. She felt both pleasure and 
satisfaction at her triumph over both Willa and Beresford.

"Come, Robert, join me and my assistants in my bedroom." Calista 
announced, as she and her entourage prepared to leave the Tower 
Chamber. "Edward, leave the wretches in their chains, until I decide 
what to do with them." Edward nodded affirmatively and left the 
chamber. Calista, Cassandra, Cerces and Robert left the room, with Nell 
following them closely.

Calista grasped Robert's cock and led him to her bedroom. Once inside, 
Calista took Robert to her private shower and told him to bathe 
himself. Robert reveled in the warmth of the water, as it cascaded 
about his tired and sore body. The water surrounding him soothed his 
welts and bruises. His aches seemed to subside from the warmth 
enveloping him, as he washed himself for the first time since arriving 
at Mistress Calista's home.

When Robert finished his shower he got out of the shower stall to see 
Nell, still naked, holding a terrycloth robe for him to wear. Robert 
accepted the robe and continued drying himself. "You were great, 
Robert." Nell whispered to him and he thanked her as she left the 
bathroom. Robert stepped into Calista's bedroom to see the three 
Mistresses waiting for him on Calista's king sized bed. Calista reached 
out to him and he took her hand. She embraced Robert and kissed him 
full on the mouth, driving her tongue deep into his mouth. "This is 
your last night here at my home, Robert. I want this night to be 
memorable for you. We shall dispense with any dominance and make love 
to each other for the rest of the night. In the morning you will be 
driven to the airport for your return to Mistress Agnes." Calista told 
him while fondling his quickly swelling cock.

Calista laid him on his back and took his cock into her mouth. She 
sucked him until he was rock hard and replaced his cock ring snugly on 
his cock. Assured that he would not come, she straddled his hips and 
guided his cock into her wet pussy and buried it to hilt. Cassandra 
licked each of his nipples, then straddled his head facing Calista, and 
lowered her cunt to his mouth. Eagerly he licked at Cassandra cleft, 
seeking out her clit and sucked it out of its hood.

Cerces sat on the bed rubbing her clit and watching her sister 
Mistresses pleasuring them selves with Robert. Cassandra leaned forward 
to lick and suck at Calista's nipples. As Cerces felt her orgasm begin 
to rise she stopped masturbating and stepped over Robert's body between 
Calista and Cassandra. She stood facing Cassandra and gently pulled her 
mouth to her cunt. As Cassandra licked and sucked Cerces cunt, Calista 
leaned forward to lick at Cerces ass hole, while she continued fucking 
Robert's cock.

Calista's orgasm exploded first as she rode Robert's cock hard to 
another. Cassandra squealed as Robert's tongue brought her to multiple 
orgasms. Cerces quickly followed suit and bit her lip at the intensity 
of her orgasm from the tongues of her sister Mistresses. The three 
Mistresses alternated positions, so that each of them enjoyed Robert's 
cock and tongue, while servicing each other. The cock ring prevented 
Robert from coming and he was happy to be able to service them all. The 
women each enjoyed several orgasms before, sated and exhausted, they 
lay down on the bed to rest.

Calista arose and pulled a bell cord next to the bed. Soon, the door 
opened and Nell quietly entered the room to stand, naked, at Calista's 
side. Nell had bathed and her fragrance filled the room. Her pert 
little tits swayed as she shifted her weight, waiting to service her 
Mistress. The three Mistresses moved to lounge chairs surrounding the 
bed, leaving Robert alone in the bed lying on his back. "Nell and 
Robert, please fuck for our amusement." Calista told them. Nell nodded 
and climbed onto the bed to straddle Robert's hips. She lowered her 
self onto her knees, grasped his cock and buried it in her sweet, wet 
and fragrant cunt.

Robert, still wearing the cock ring, smiled at Nell, as his nearly 
perpetual hardon nestled into her tight cunt. Nell rose and descended 
rhythmically on the cock in her sweet pussy, closing her eyes to deeply 
enjoy each up and down stroke as she fucked Robert. Her pert little 
titties stood out as rose tipped cones. Robert lightly rubbed her 
nipples with his fingertips to increase her pleasure. She moaned 
delightfully at the wonderful sensation at her nipples. Nell leaned 
forward to bring her nipple to Robert's mouth. He took the rosy tipped 
nub into his mouth and licked and sucked tenderly at one then the other 
nipple offered him.

Nell shuddered through a satisfying orgasm that left her momentarily 
lying chest to chest with Robert, to catch her breath. She swallowed 
hard, then rose up to continue clasping the hard cock inside her with 
her young strong cunt muscles. Invigorated by her orgasm, she resumed 
fucking Robert with renewed enthusiasm. She smiled down at Robert, as 
another orgasm began to build within her loins. She moaned openly, her 
pleasure mounting, as she neared orgasm again.

The young woman, sweating profusely, leaned back, head looking at the 
ceiling and erupted in a gut wrenching orgasm that racked her slender 
frame. She uttered a little laugh, as her orgasm peaked and she resumed 
fucking the cock she sat impaled upon. Nell leaned down and kissed 
Robert hungrily. She grasped him by the shoulders and rolled over onto 
her back with Robert over her, without losing his cock from her cunt. 
Her legs wrapped around Robert's loins and he thrust his cock deeply 
into cunt. Nell returned his thrusts with thrusts of her own.

They fucked in the missionary positions for several minutes until Nell 
cried out again in orgasm. Robert's cock throbbed with desire to 
explode. The semen in his balls boiled and yearned to be expelled into 
this magnificent young woman's womb. The cock ring strained mightily, 
but did its job preventing Robert from coming, to Nell's delight. She 
grasped her legs behind the knees and brought them to her shoulders as 
she took Robert deeper into her cunt. Again, she squealed in ecstasy, 
as she erupted with another orgasm. Nell grabbed Robert behind the head 
and pulled him to her mouth to kiss him deeply, sucking his tongue into 
her mouth.

Another orgasm racked her soul and she laughed with glee at the 
marvelous sensations rippling through her cunt. She rolled Robert over 
again, to sit and mount his cock. Nell lifted up until only Robert's 
cockhead remained embedded between her cunt lips. She waited for a few 
seconds then drove herself down on the rock hard cock once again. She 
fucked herself, with wild abandon, to another mind numbing orgasm. Her 
cunt muscles spontaneously clasped and released Robert's cock as they 
fucked through her orgasm.

Nell lifted herself up once again and paused. Mistress Calista nodded 
to her and she reached down to release Robert's cock ring from his 
throbbing prick. Freed from the constraint of the cock ring, Robert's 
balls boiled violently as the semen surged to be released. Nell, 
feeling Robert's impending orgasm, plunged his cock deep into her cunt 
just as Robert's cock erupted. He cried out in relief, as he spewed his 
semen profusely into Nell's clasping cunt.

Nell felt the heat of the semen filling her and she threw back her head 
gleefully to bask in its warmth. She contracted her cunt muscles in 
rhythm with the spasms of Robert's cock as it spurted volumes of semen 
in the tight cunt imprisoning his manhood. Finally, his cock stopped 
throbbing. She recognized the sign that his orgasm ended and she 
watched him sigh deeply and close his eyes exhaustedly. Nell waited a 
few seconds for Robert to catch his breath from his massive orgasm.

The young woman placed her fingers about her cuntlips and slowly lifted 
up, withdrawing the spent cock from her sex, but careful to retain the 
semen in her cunt. Carefully, she turned around and got onto her knees 
and elbows with her cunt over Robert's head. Slowly, Nell lowered her 
mouth to Robert's cock, covered with semen and her own cunt juices, and 
took it in her mouth. As she licked the semen, mixed with her juices, 
from his cock, Nell lowered her cunt to Robert's mouth.

She opened her fingers to release her cuntlips and let the captured 
semen flow slowly onto Robert's waiting tongue. She lifted her hips 
slightly so that her Mistress and her assistants could see the come 
gather at her cuntlips and gradually from a large semen ball. The come 
ball extended to a teardrop shape and slowly drop into Robert's open 
mouth. The drop left a string of come from her cunt to his mouth, as a 
track to be followed by the next come drop forming on her cuntlips.

As Robert swallowed the offering, that returned his semen to his body, 
Mistress Calista led the others in applauding the sexual effort of her 
two young charges. "That was a stunning and delightful performance." 
Commented Calista. "Such a wonderful and arousing sight, to watch the 
both of you fucking. I'm so proud of you, both." Come ladies, let the 
two lovers sleep, continue fucking or do as they wish on Robert's last 
night at my home. The Mistresses arose and left the bedroom leaving 
Robert and Nell to themselves.

Robert sucked the balance of his semen from Nell's cunt and held it in 
his mouth. Nell turned around and embraced her lover and kissed him, 
thrusting her tongue into his mouth to take his come offering into her 
own mouth. They were both exhausted. Nell curled up in Robert's arms, 
nestled her warm body next to his and they fell asleep. Later, Edward 
entered the bedroom to cover them and turn down the light.




PART IX

Going Home Again

Robert awoke to the sun streaming through the large picture window in 
Mistress Calista's bedroom. Nell was gone. He remembered, vaguely, that 
she had kissed him and told him she was leaving the bed, earlier, at 
dawn. He had returned the kiss and had fallen asleep again. Calista was 
sitting in a large backed chair, wearing a sheer white negligee with a 
matching robe. "Good morning, Robert." She said. "I trust you slept 
well." Robert opened his mouth to speak, but demurred. Calista smiled 
then said, "You may speak now, Robert."

"Yes, Mistress, I slept very well, thank you."

"You and Nell were magnificent last night." Replied Calista sipping at 
her coffee. "You were splendid with both Willa and Beresford too, 
Robert. Agnes will be proud and pleased when she sees the tape."

"Are they still here?" Asked Robert, fearful that Beresford may harbor 
a grudge because of his participation in his session.

"Yes, you will see them at breakfast. Don't concern yourself with 
either of them. They will be cordial and correct, or I shall blister 
their asses." Laughed Calista. "After all, they are my slaves as well 
as my clients, and they know that I'll dismiss them from my service, if 
they cause me any inconvenience."

Robert pulled his naked body to the side of the bed and sat on the 
edge. "I'm concerned about the guy." Said Robert. "He's a pretty big 
man and he wasn't too happy about last night."

"You've nothing to concern yourself, Robert. Beresford will do nothing, 
I promise you."

"Nell?"

"She's fine. Right now she's helping prepare our breakfast." Calista 
told him. "You may take your shower now and come down to the dining 
room for breakfast. Remember your plane leaves this afternoon and I'm 
sure you don't want to miss your flight." Calista said as she arose and 
left the room. Robert checked his body over, before he completely got 
out of bed. His balls and nipples ached and his ass still bore strap 
marks and welts. He was sore, but in relatively good shape for all he 
had endured. He rose and went into the bathroom.

Robert shaved, showered, dried himself and placed deodorant under his 
arms. He combed his hair and walked back in the bedroom to find Edward, 
waiting for him, with his collar and guide chain in his hand. He sighed 
submissively and stood still, as Edward fitted the guide chain about 
his balls and the collar to his neck. Satisfied, Edward pulled gently 
at the chain around Robert's balls to lead his young charge out of the 
bedroom, down the grand staircase and into the dining room.

Calista sat at the head of the table with Cassandra and Cerces sitting 
opposite one another at Calista's sides. Willa and Beresford, both 
fully dressed, sat next to the Mistresses and opposite from each other. 
Only Robert was still naked. Edward led him to the seat at the end of 
the table across from Mistress Calista. He stood awaiting instructions 
and Edward held out the chair, and motioned him to sit down. Robert sat 
in the chair tenderly, to avoid hurting his sore balls and ass.

"Robert, you have permission to speak, when you choose, and participate 
in the breakfast conversation, dear." Calista told him. Robert realized 
that he was the only one who was naked, but he put the thought out of 
his mind. Edward filled his cup with coffee, then moved to the other 
diners to refill their cups. A door behind Calista opened, and Nell 
entered, carrying a large tray of breakfast foods. She smiled at 
Robert, but did not speak as she lay a platter on the table containing 
ham, sausages and bacon. Other foods included a platter of toast, a big 
bowl of scrambled eggs and a platter of cut fresh fruits. They served 
themselves from the bounty spread on the table and ate heartily. The 
conversation was light, with no sign of animosity from either Willa or 
Beresford. The six of them dined leisurely until each of them had eaten 
their fill. This feast was the first real food Robert had eaten since 
his arrival at Calista's mansion. Until this morning he had eaten only 
gruel, or something akin to meatloaf and boiled potatoes, served to him 
in bowls on the floor. He was grateful for the chance to eat well 
again.

Robert had looked at the grandfather clock, near the door to the 
kitchen, when he was brought into the dining room and it read 10:30 am. 
Now it was nearly noon. Calista arose and called for Edward to enter. 
She turned to the diners and smiled. "Time to get dressed, ladies, for 
our trip to the airport. Let's hurry, we mustn't be late for Robert's 
flight." Cassandra and Cerces quickly left the room to dress for the 
trip. Willa and Beresford said their goodbye to their Mistress, by 
kneeling down and licking her slippers.

Calista ordered them to rise and take their leave. She followed them to 
the front door, as she pulled Robert along by the guide chain around 
his balls. Both Willa and Beresford asked Calista if they could 
schedule future sessions with her before they left. Calista told them 
she would schedule them and notify them of the dates. Beresford bowed 
to kiss her hand goodbye, Willa curtsied and both of them left to get 
into their cars brought to the front of the house, earlier. Waving to 
their Mistress, they drove off.

Robert was glad they had left. Both Willa and Beresford had totally 
ignored him at breakfast. The three Mistresses were courteous to them, 
but they conversed mostly with Robert and each other. He was pleased 
that the Mistresses had treated him with more respect than they showed 
to either of them. Mistress Calista led Robert to an entryway near the 
front door. She tied his chain to a hook high on the wall. His balls 
ached, were pulled upward and restrained him fully. If he tried to move 
his balls were painfully strained. Calista completed restraining him by 
placing his hands in handcuffs behind his back.

She left him standing next to the wall as she climbed the stairs to 
dress. Several of the Calista's servants passed by Robert, as he stood 
chained to the hook, without more than a glance at him. None of them 
seemed interested in his plight. Edward passed by him again without 
speaking. Robert wondered why Edward never spoke to him or to any one 
else. In all the time he had spent at Calista's, he had never heard 
Edward say anything. Robert decided to think of other, more pleasant, 
things. Nell, for instance, she filled his mind with wonderful thoughts 
of last night, and of the kindness she had shown him when they first 
met.

He stood at his 'station by the wall' for over an hour waiting for the 
Mistresses to dress and take him to the airport. Robert wondered when 
he too, would dress. His legs began to tire and his balls ached when he 
leaned back or changed position. Soon he was in some agony from the 
tight chain about his balls. His eyes lit up when he saw the three 
Mistress enter the entryway fully dressed for the trip. Cassandra and 
Cerces each came to him and placed a nipple clamp on each of his 
nipples. Calista kissed him on the cheek, pulled back the foreskin of 
his penis and placed a large clamp on his cockhead. Robert shuddered 
and cried out from the pain.

He fought back the tears that formed in his eyes. Edward appeared to 
release Robert's chain from the wall hook. He waited for the Mistresses 
to lead the way and he followed them, pulling Robert along harshly. 
They walked toward a waiting limousine. Robert was the only one who was 
naked, as he watched Cassandra and Cerces enter the limousine. Calista 
took the chain from Edward and turned to enter the car, when she heard 
a voice cry out her name.

"Yes?" She said as she turned to see Nell, completely naked, walking 
toward the car.

"Please, Mistress." She pleaded with Calista. "May I say goodbye to 
Robert?"

Calista, touched by the girl's plight, smiled at her servant. "Of 
course, Nell." The young woman came next to Robert. She kneeled to look 
at the cruel clamp on Robert's cockhead and the tight chain on his 
balls. With tears welling in her eyes, Nell licked his balls and around 
the clamp on his cockhead to soothe the pain. Her tongue caused 
Robert's cock to attempt an erection, which caused him even more pain 
as his cock swelled against the clamp. With tears freely rolling down 
her cheeks, Nell rose to embrace Robert and kiss him full on the lips. 
"Goodbye, Robert." She whispered through her tears. "I'll miss you." 
Nell turned away before Robert could reply, curtsied to her mistress 
and ran crying toward the house.

"Nell." Shouted Robert. "I'll miss you too! I'll see you again - - - I 
promise!" Robert shouted to her as she disappeared into the mansion.

"How sweet." Said Calista sincerely, as she entered the limousine 
pulling Robert inside. Edward shut the door and the car sped away 
toward the gate. Calista sat in the center of the rear seat with 
Cassandra and Cerces on either side of her. Again Robert sat, naked, on 
the jump seat facing Calista. The limousine turned out of the mansion 
grounds and headed for the Interstate highway that would take them to 
the airport. Robert knew that no one could see through the darkly 
tinted windows, even though everyone inside could see out clearly.

Cassandra and Cerces reached out to Robert and each removed a nipple 
clamp. They leaned toward him and each took one of his nipples into 
their mouths. Robert, glad to have the clamps removed, felt the 
circulation returning to his nipples as the Mistresses soothed them 
with their tongues. His cock, imprisoned by the large clamp surrounding 
his cockhead, tried to surge to erection, but the clamp prevented it 
from getting hard. The licking of his nipples only served to create 
more pain in his cockhead, as it strained against the large clamp.

Mistress Calista watched Robert, as he writhed in pleasure from the 
tongues at his nipples and grimaced in pain as his cock strained 
against his cockhead clamp. She tired of this little game and she 
mercifully removed the cockhead clamp. Robert's cock seemed to leap 
quickly to erection. Calista removed a small sealed plastic pouch from 
her handbag and tore it open to extract a coiled clear plastic tube. 
Uncoiled the tube was nearly three feet long with a slight bulge on one 
end. Robert saw the word 'catheter' on the packaging that Calista 
tossed to the limousine floor.

The catheter tube glistened from the lubricant that coated it. Calista 
inserted the sight bulge tipped end of the catheter into Robert's 
cockhole and slowly worked it into his urethra. He could feel it moving 
toward the entrance to his bladder, when Calista stopped inserting it, 
just short of that container. She crimped the end of the tube to 
prevent any fluid from exiting. "Ladies." Said Calista. Cassandra and 
Cerces moved their mouths to Robert's cock and they began to lick and 
suck the cockhead around the catheter imbedded in it. Each of them took 
one of his nipples, between a thumb and forefinger, to roll and 
stimulate it as they sucked at his cockhead.

Soon Robert was writhing in pleasure. He strained not to come, as 
Calista had not given him permission to ejaculate. He moaned openly and 
begged Calista to give him relief, but she ignored his pleas and 
started to move the catheter in and out to further stimulate his 
orgiastic urgings. Robert could feel his throbbing cock nearing orgasm. 
His balls boiled and he knew he could not withhold much longer. 
Cassandra moved her tongue to the sensitive underside of his cockhead 
and it felt as if she had pulled the trigger for his orgasm.

He cried out in pleasure as his cock spasmed mightily and shot a thick 
milk colored fluid into the catheter. The creamy fluid rose through the 
tube with surprising force, as Calista released the crimp and placed 
the end of the tube into her mouth. Robert's cock continued to spew its 
heavy load of semen, as he saw his semen spurt forth into Calista's 
waiting mouth. She rolled the salty nectar over her tongue and 
swallowed this first offering. Calista took another glob of the thick 
spunk onto her tongue, then surrendered the tube to her assistant 
Mistresses. Each of them pulled a quantity of pearly white semen into 
their mouths and began to kiss one another, transferring the thick 
semen in and out of their mouths.

Calista sucked out the last of the semen, through the catheter, and 
joined her assistants in kissing and transferring Robert's nectar 
between them. Finally, all of Robert's come ended up in Calista's mouth 
and she leaned to Robert and kissed him, pushing all of the come into 
his mouth. He swallowed the offering and thanked Calista for rewarding 
him. She had Robert suck on the catheter to recover any residual come, 
then slowly withdrew the tube from his cock. Calista offered the end of 
the tube to him to clean, and he complied with his tongue.

"Well, Robert," began Calista, "you still haven't learned that you must 
not come without permission."

"But Mistress - - I - -I-" Stammered Robert trying to find words.

"Stop it, Robert!" Ordered Calista sternly. "I am ashamed to send this 
tape to Agnes. She'll think we didn't even try to train you, Robert." 
She continued, as though she was angered, when in reality she knew that 
Robert had no chance to comply. "Well there's no place to properly 
discipline you here, other than to replace the clamps to your nipples 
and cockhead. A poor substitute for a proper discipline, I should 
think." Calista acted as though she was truly upset and undecided about 
what to do. While she fretted, Cassandra and Cerces replaced the clamps 
roughly. The four of them rode in silence, as Calista pretended to mull 
over her options.

"Robert, I've thought about your indiscretions." Calista began, as she 
watched Robert grimacing under the pain of the clamps. "This is not 
what I wanted, Robert, but you leave me no alternative." Robert was 
completely confused regarding Calista's intent. He steeled himself for 
the worst, as he suffered from the clamps and the handcuffs rubbing his 
wrists. His Mistress grabbed his head and pulled toward her crotch. 
Robert opened his mouth, only to be rebuked. "Stop that foolishness, 
Robert. There's no time for that, though it's not a bad idea." She 
mused, as she unlocked the handcuffs. "Rub your wrists, dear."

Robert looked out the window to see that the limousine had pulled off 
the Interstate and was speeding toward the airport road. Cassandra and 
Cerces removed the clamps and positioned Robert to place the nylon net 
cock and balls harness over his genitals. They fitted him with a waist 
chain and a thick butt plug. Next, they fastened his harness to the 
butt plug and attached them to the waist chain. Calista placed a pair 
of lacy thong panties on him and Cassandra fitted him with a lacy 
garter belt. Sheer nylon pantyhose were fitted onto his legs and Cerces 
completed his underwear ensemble with a white lacy bra that matched his 
panties and garter belt.

Mistress Calista brought out a pink mini-dress, with matching handbag 
and pumps with low heels. The women dressed him, applied makeup to his 
face and lipstick to his lips. A pearl necklace, matching earrings and 
a red wig completed his transformation to 'Roberta'. The limousine 
pulled into the airport and drove up the 'Departures' ramp to the 
terminal. The car stopped at the appropriate airline curb and the 
chauffeur quickly jumped out to open the passenger door. Mistress 
Calista followed Cassandra and Cerces as they exited the car. 'Roberta' 
came out last.

Calista handed 'Roberta' her ticket, embraced and kissed her. "Goodbye, 
darling." She cooed. "You gave me no other option, but to 'correct' 
your disobedience by to restoring 'Roberta'. Have a lovely flight, 
dear, and please come back to visit again, soon." Robert nodded and 
returned the kiss to her cheek. Both Cerces and Cassandra embraced and 
kissed him, said goodbye and asked him to return. The three Mistresses 
re-entered their limousine and motioned to the driver to drive on as 
they waved goodbye to 'Roberta'. He watched them drive away and 
thought, to himself correctly, that dressing him as Roberta was 
prearranged with Agnes.

Roberta entered the terminal and opened the ticked envelope. He located 
the departure monitors found his gate and set out towards the 
concourse. As 'she' walked through the terminal, nearly all of the 
unattached males turned to look and give 'her' the once over. An 
airline pilot, at least Robert surmised he was a pilot from his 
uniform, told 'Roberta' that he hoped 'she' was on his flight. Buoyed 
by all the attention he was receiving, dressed as Roberta, Robert began 
to swing his hips slightly, and put a little bounce in his walk. He 
drew stares of desire from males and envy from females.

'Roberta' arrived at 'her' gate just as the attendant announced the 
boarding call for first class passengers. Robert opened his ticket and 
saw that he held a first class accommodation. He boarded the plane and 
found his seat next to a window. The Flight Attendant was a very pretty 
blond girl in slacks, of medium height and rather average breasts. She 
asked 'Roberta' if 'she' wanted a drink, but 'she' declined. A man 
Robert judged to be in his late forties or early fifties sat next to 
him and smiled at his good fortune to sit next to a pretty girl.

The flight was uneventful. The man tried to start a conversation, but 
Robert didn't cooperate and the man stopped trying. Robert spent the 
time staring out of the window, until the Attendant announced that they 
were beginning the descent, to land. The plane rolled up to the jetway 
and the passengers began to deplane. As Robert reached the end of the 
jetway he saw Mistress Agnes waiting to meet to meet him. He was very 
happy to see her again and grateful that she had come in person to pick 
him up.

"Roberta, I've missed you so!" Said Mistress Agnes as she embraced him 
and kissed his cheeks.

"I've missed you too, Mistress." He whispered in her ear as they hugged 
one another.

"Calista called to tell me how much she enjoyed your visit, darling. 
She even sent me more recent tapes." Agnes told him. "She is sending me 
another tape of your trip to the airport. I'll get that one tomorrow." 
Agnes took 'Roberta' by the arm and led 'her' to the waiting area 
outside the main terminal. They waited a few moments when Agnes' Town 
Car drove up with Ellen behind the wheel. She smiled at 'Roberta' as 
they got into the rear seat and closed the door. Ellen drove off toward 
College Station.

"So, Robert, did you have fun?" Asked Ellen as she turned onto the 
Interstate highway.

"Well, it wasn't all fun, Ellie, but I'm glad I went." Robert replied.

"Hey, tell me about Nell. She really looks hot. Did you fuck her?" 
Ellen asked bluntly. Robert was mortified that she knew about Nell and 
he tried to ignore Ellen. "Robert, come on. Don't go shy on me, when 
there's such a great piece of prime pussy available for both of us." 
Ellen teased him. Agnes watched Robert grow more and more uneasy, as 
Ellen kept teasing him.

"Robert, you know how Ellie can be when she is an adult. She will hound 
you until you tell her what she wants to know, so you might as well 
answer her questions." Agnes told him. "You know, Robert, I think 
Ellie's friend Phyllis is right, Ellen can be such a cunt when she's 
horny." Ellen giggled at Agnes remark and looked at Robert, through the 
rear view mirror, as he squirmed. "Now you both have my interest 
peaked. Robert, tell us both about Nell."

Robert swallowed hard and began to recount his experience with Nell. He 
told them how she showed him kindness when he first arrived at Mistress 
Calista's. He continued his until their final coupling, describing 
their night together and her farewell the next day as he left for the 
airport. It was obvious to both women that Robert really cared for Nell 
and Agnes decided to refrain from pursing it further. Ellen, on the 
other hand, was just getting started with her verbal torment of Robert. 
She continued to press him for the most intimate details of Nell's 
sexual techniques.

Mistress Agnes let Ellen continue to extract the details from Robert, 
as she assumed the role of disinterested bystander. In truth she 
listened intently to every word Robert said, in response to Ellen's 
detailed questions. Agnes placed the details in her memory, for use at 
a later time in Robert's training. "Wow, Robert!" Exclaimed Ellen. "Way 
to go! I really would like to do a threesome with you, Nell and me, 
someday. Just like we did Phyllis, remember?" Robert nodded his 
remembrance, as Ellen pulled into Agnes' driveway.

Agnes and 'Roberta' got out of the car and climbed the stairs to the 
porch. Ellen bid them goodbye as she got into her own car to drive back 
to the dormitory at the University. They waved goodbye to Ellen and 
entered Mistress Agnes' home. "Roberta, go to your room, remove your 
clothes, shower and return to me, naked, as Robert." She commanded and 
watched him climb the stairs to his room. He undressed, hung his dress 
in the closet, showered and prepared to meet Mistress Agnes downstairs. 
He wondered whether to wear his nylon net cock and balls harness or his 
butt plug. He decided against those items, as Mistress had told him to 
come down naked, and he descended the stairs.

"Come here beside me, Robert." Ordered Agnes as he entered the living 
room. He quickly stepped to her side and kneeled down next to her 
looking at the floor. Agnes handed him a collar covered with studs and 
rings, and a guide chain for his balls. He put buckled on the collar 
and fastened the end of the guide chain around his balls. Mistress 
Agnes reached down to fasten the chain tighter. It hurt, but also felt 
good at the same time.

"In the future, Robert, you will remain naked in this house, especially 
in my presence, unless told otherwise. You will dress for school, but 
when you return home, you will immediately strip naked, fit your collar 
and guide chain in their proper place. Do you understand?" Agnes asked 
him. Robert nodded affirmatively and kept his eyes looking at the 
floor. "Good. Now, Mistress Calista phoned me that you performed 
satisfactorily, completing this first phase of your training. Later in 
the week, your Aunts Jane and Martha, and I will view the tapes of your 
training and discipline sessions. For now, you may go fetch our dinner, 
eat and watch TV with me, until bedtime."

After watching TV for two hours, Agnes decided that it was bedtime for 
both of them. She jerked on the guide chain and Robert bolted to his 
feet. Agnes painfully pulled him up the stairs and into his bedroom. 
She ordered him to lay face down on his bed and she bound his wrists to 
the posts at the headboard and his ankles to the posts at the foot of 
the bed. He lay on his cock and balls. The chain about his balls had 
caught on the sheets. It pinched and pulled cruelly on his testicles, 
but he did not complain.

Agnes climbed onto the bed, leaned her lovely ass against the 
headboard, and stood straddling his head. She removed her nightgown and 
towered naked above him. She slid her body down until her ass was 
sitting on the pillow. Agnes placed her thighs on either side of 
Robert's head and her heels next to his hips. He looked up at her, to 
see a leather strap in her hand, as the musk of her familiar cunt 
teased his nostrils. She scooted forward to bring her moist cunt 
against his waiting open mouth.

"Service my cunt, Robert." She said softly, as his tongue licked at her 
smooth cuntlips. Robert was enraptured by the opportunity to service 
the Mistress he loved so very much. Earlier he had thought that Agnes 
might not permit him this familiarity this first evening of his return 
from Calista's mansion. With great enthusiasm he licked and sucked at 
her cuntlips, probing his tongue deep into her pussy, but avoiding 
contact with her sensitive clitoris. Robert was in slave heaven. Her 
fragrance was maddening and her flavor delicious as he savored her 
cunt.

Mistress Agnes let out a slight moan as her cunt began to throb. He 
teased her by circling his tongue around, but not touching, her fully 
engorged clitoris. She ground her hips against his mouth and tongue, 
trying to rub her clit against his tongue. Frustrated, but glad that he 
had learned how to please her, she cried out in her passion. "Suck my 
clit, my darling slave!" He drew his tongue across the quivering little 
nub and she jerked from pleasure.

Now he began to flick his tongue over the erect clitoris causing her to 
cry out with joy and delight. Agnes groaned with pleasure as her orgasm 
consumed her. Her juices flowed as she entered a perpetual orgiastic 
state and she shuddered as she came. Robert eagerly lapped up the free 
flowing juices from his Mistress's cunt. Agnes was exhausted from the 
intensity of her orgasm. She regained her composure, as Robert 
continued to service her cunt. Robert felt Agnes' hands release his 
wrist restraints, then she told him to move onto his elbows and knees.

Quickly, Agnes rolled over onto her elbows and knees to present her ass 
to Robert. "Lick and suck my asshole, Robert." She ordered him. His 
tongue probed her puckered little asshole and strained against her 
sphincter attempting to enter. She moaned with pleasure as she felt her 
cunt throbbing in rhythm with Robert's tongue lapping at her asshole. 
"Oh, that's so good Robert." She sighed and reached between her legs to 
finger her clit. Enraptured by the wonderful feeling of Robert's tongue 
licking her asshole and her fingers stroking her cunt, Agnes' body 
wrenched in a massive orgasm.

She closed her eyes to enjoy the remainder of the orgasm as it 
subsided. She rolled over again and shoved Robert's face against her 
sopping wet cunt. Robert felt Agnes reattach his wrist restraints to 
the headboard, as he resumed servicing her cunt. Without warning, Agnes 
retrieved the leather strap and began strapping his exposed and 
vulnerable asscheeks. She reached down to pull his balls out from under 
his body to expose them to her strap.

Agnes strapped his asscheeks hard and occasionally softened the stroke 
to strap his balls. It hurt, but it was a pleasant hurt that felt good 
more than it hurt. He began rubbing his tongue against her clit in 
tempo with her strokes on his ass and balls. He could hear her breath 
becoming more pronounced and labored as Agnes approached another mind 
numbing orgasm. His ass was a bright pink as the blows began to burn 
his cheeks. Robert welcomed the searing pain. Realizing this, Agnes now 
laid the strokes more severely onto his ass and balls.

Robert's pain mounted as Agnes, lost in her advance toward orgasm, laid 
on heavier blows of the strap. Mistress Agnes screamed, as her orgasm 
overtook her and racked her lovely body. She quickly reached the zenith 
of her orgasm and seemed to linger in a continuous orgasm, that caused 
her body to quiver and gyrate as her pleasure mounted. Finally, she 
stopped trembling and sighed as her orgasm diminished and she lay back 
against the headboard to relax. Her breathing was labored, as her 
eyelids, heavy with exhaustion could not stay open. She smiled with 
satisfaction, dropped the leather strap and slowly drifted off to sleep 
with her wet cunt in Robert's face.




PART X
Recruiting and Converting Phyllis

Robert was awakened early by the alarm.  He found that his Mistress had 
released his restraints and left his bed during the night.  He showered 
quickly, dressed and hurried down to breakfast.  Agnes was nowhere to 
be found, but she had left a note and a pot of freshly brewed coffee 
for him.  He pocketed the note, hurriedly drank a cup of coffee, 
grabbed his books and left for his first class.  

During a boring lecture on Economics, Robert remembered the note that 
Agnes had left him.  He retrieved it from is pocked, unfolded it and 
read it.  'Dear Robert, I have gone shopping with your Aunt Jane.  I 
expect to return after midnight.  Until then, I have asked Ellen to 
take charge and oversee your activities.  Please defer to Ellen on 
anything she asks, or demands, of you.  Be a good slave and I'll bring 
you something nice.  Love, M. Agnes.'  Robert sighed deeply.  He was 
dejected that Agnes had put Ellen in charge, but in the end, he would 
obey, as Mistress Agnes knew he would.

The lecture finally ended and Robert gratefully left the lecture hall.  
He had one more class before he would leave for home.  He had over an 
hour before the class started.  Until then, he decided to grab a bite 
to eat at the Student Union.  He was walking across the campus toward 
the Union, when Ellen came behind him and playfully grabbed his arm.  
"Hi, slave."  She joked, as she took his arm in hers and walked along 
with him.  "We going to the Union, Robert?"  She asked.

"Yes."  Replied Robert, wondering if she knew about Mistress Agnes's 
note.

"Good.  Let's hurry, I'm hungry."  Ellen said, as she hurried him 
along.  "After your next class, meet me back here so I can take you 
home.  Mistress Agnes gave me instructions on the chores you are 
supposed to do after your homework."  Robert's question was 
unequivocally answered.  Not only did Ellen know about the note, but 
she also relished her new authority, which he knew she would aptly 
demonstrate tonight.  They paid for their food and ate, passing the 
time with small talk.  As they left for their classes, Ellen reminded 
him to meet her after class.

After classes were over, Ellen picked up Robert from the Student Union 
and drove to Agnes's house.  Inside, Ellen reminded Robert of Mistress 
Agnes new rule.  Robert protested, but Ellen told him that she must 
tell Agnes if he refused and Agnes would take offense at his 
disobedience.  Reluctantly, Robert complied and disrobed completely.  
Ellen cleared the kitchen table so they could both do their homework.

When Robert entered the kitchen, Ellen fastened the guide chain to his 
balls, pulled it tight and told him to do his homework.  Robert made 
some sandwiches and they ate while completing their schoolwork.  Robert 
finished first, put his books away in his backpack and attempted to sit 
down.  Ellen pulled on the guide chain and told him to kneel at her 
feet.  Again, with great reluctance, Robert obeyed.  

Ellen pulled her skirt to her waist, revealing that she was not wearing 
panties.  She grasped his hand and brought it to her pussy.  Robert 
began to lightly stroke Ellen's cunt lips and she moaned with pleasure 
at his attentions.  "Robert," she moaned, "Phyllis is going to stop by 
later this evening.  I told her you would be here - - - and would - - - 
fuck us both.  Do  you mind if she comes?"   Ellen asked breathlessly. 

"No.  I liked Phyllis, when we met."  Robert replied, as he continued 
to play with Ellen's cunt.

"Whew, you best quit or I'll be all fucked out."  She said as she 
pulled her skirt back down.  Ellen took his very wet hand in hers and 
licked her juices from his fingers.  She kissed Robert and forced her 
tongue into his mouth and their tongues intertwined.  "Jesus, Robert, 
my cunt tastes so fucking good, I wish I could suck it myself."

Robert chuckled and said she could, if she tried.  "Just bend down as 
far as you can."  He said.

"Easy for you to say, but no way, Robert.  I've tried it and it don't 
work."  Ellen rejoined.  "Well, anyway, Phyllis's cunt is tasty too, 
and I'll get some of that tonight."  Ellen paused, then continued.  
"I've been talking to her about joining our little circle.  I know 
she'd like that, but she's not convinced yet."  Ellen told him.

"What does she know, Ellie?"  Asked Robert.

 "She knows that Martha and I are close and she suspects that we are 
lovers.  What she doesn't know is that I'm Martha's 'baby girl'.  
Martha would like to have Phyllis join us, and that, dear Robert, is 
our task tonight.'

 "I've talked to Phyllis a little bit about our lifestyle.  I've told 
her that this lifestyle is about much more than just sex.  It is about 
training, discipline and love.  That there's pain involved, but that 
it's a loving pain provided by people that love you.   That it's about 
endurance, submission and subservience to the people you love."

"That's a good start, Ellie.  Perhaps we can build on it, to convince 
Phyllis."   Robert told her.  Ellen nodded and fondled Robert's balls 
when the doorbell rang.  Ellen pulled briskly on Robert's guide chain, 
causing him to moan as she dragged him to the front door and opened the 
door to let Phyllis in

 "Hi guys."  Said Phyllis as she entered the living room.  "What's 
happening?"

"Just waiting for you."  Ellen replied with a smile.

"Looks as though you already started without me."  Said Phyllis looking 
at Robert's obvious nakedness and his huge hard on.  

"No.  His Mistress, Agnes, insists that he be naked in the house.  
Saves time, I guess."  Quipped Ellen.  Phyllis laughed, but kept her 
eyes on Robert's hardon.  "I'm glad you came here today."   Ellen said 
in a more serious vein.

"You asked me to come over to talk about, - - - you know, - - - didn't 
you?"  Phyllis replied with a quizzical look on her face.

"Yes, I asked you if you wanted to join our lifestyle, Phyllis."

"I'm not sure, Ellie."  Phyllis replied.  "I think I understand about 
the domination and pain, but how is that considered love, Ellie?"

 "I love Robert, and Robert loves me."  Ellen stated.  "Jointly we love 
our Mistresses, and they in turn, love us.  That's why we submit to 
their desires, as they submit to ours."

"I don't understand.  If your Mistresses are in total control, how do 
they submit to your desires?"  Phyllis asked, trying to comprehend what 
Ellen was telling her.

"Simple, Phyllis."   Robert said, joining the conversation.  Ellen and 
I desire to be completely dominated.  Mistress Agnes, Jane and Martha 
provide the total domination both of us.  They provide us with the 
training, discipline, humiliation and pain we both desperately need."  
Robert stated factually.  "Additionally, the sex is incredible!"

Phyllis half smiled and nodded.  "What would I have to do?" she asked.  
Ellen recognized this as her opportunity to tell her about her service 
as a 'baby girl' for Martha.
"Most of the time, what you do is determined by our Mistresses.  Some 
of it involves role playing and doing fun things that you normally 
would not do, but are really fun when done with a sexual connotation."  
Began Ellen.  "For example, Robert would never dress as Roberta if 
there were no sexual adventures involved.  Another fun role that I 
play," she ventured cautiously, "is to become a little baby girl for 
Mother Martha, and act and be treated as though I was an 'adult baby'."  
Ellen said, while looking for signs of understanding from Phyllis.

Phyllis had a quizzical look on her face as she searched for the right 
words to ask her question.  "You mean that you become a baby?"

"Yep." Replied Ellen.  "I get pampered, changed, fed, nursed and do all 
the things babies do."  She paused for effect, then enthusiastically 
said, "And I love it!  The sex is incredible, Phyl, you'll love it!"

"You wear diapers, and are treated like a baby?"  Phyllis asked 
incredulously.

"Yes!  And it's great!" Ellen replied.  Phyllis moved to a chair and 
sat down.  She could not believe what she had just heard.  "Phyl, you 
have to experience it to truly appreciate it."  Ellen continued.  
"Martha is the 'Mommy' and she will diaper you, change your wet or 
dirty diapers, put you down for a nap, feed you from a bottle and nurse 
you from her ample tits."

Phyllis could feel her pussy begin to tingle and become moist just 
thinking about what Ellen had told her.  She glanced at Robert's huge 
hard-on and felt her juices begin to warm and flow, soaking her 
panties.  "What if I don't enjoy it, Ellie?  What if I try it and want 
to quit?  What happens then, Ellie?"

"Christ, Phyl, it's not the fucking Mafia, it's just having a great 
time getting off.  If you want to quit - -you quit.  You just don't 
tell anyone, that's all."  Ellen told her.

"Can I think about it for a couple of days?" asked Phyllis.

"No, Phyllis, if you vacillate, you'll find some ridiculous reason not 
to try it.  You have to decide now.  If it's yes, we'll all go to 
Martha's house.  If it's no, then you can leave and go back to the dorm 
and listen to the virgin, Linda."  Ellen told her.

Phyllis could feel clit throbbing and rubbing on her soaked panties.  
She was unsure about accepting this invitation, but her cunt was so 
hot, she knew that she had to at least try it one time.  She took a 
deep breath and said, "Ok, - - I'll do it one time.  Is that ok?"

"That's great, Phyl!"  said Ellen as she hugged her room mate.  Robert 
stood and joined them in a three-way hug fest.   "Let's go to 'Mommy's' 
house right now!"  Ellen jerked on Robert's guide chain causing him to 
yelp as the chain clamped tightly about his balls.  Ellen hooked her 
arm in Phyllis's and led her, and Robert naked, out to her car.  She 
put Robert in the back seat and joined Phyllis in the front.  "You're 
going to love this, Phyl."  Ellen told her as she drove out onto the 
road.

Ellen drove along the back roads to prevent anyone seeing Robert naked.  
She could have dressed him, but she preferred the excitement of 
possibly being caught with a naked man in her car who was chained by 
the balls.  She chuckled over the mental picture of a traffic cop 
stopping them and asking them 'what the hell was going on'.  
Suppressing the urge to laugh out loud, Ellen drove on toward Martha's 
house.

Phyllis, anxiously, had dozens of questions which she mulled over in 
her mind as she rode along.  Not knowing which to ask first, she 
finally settled on the question of pleasure/pain.  "Will - - will there 
be much pain?  Will I hurt a lot?" she asked Ellen.

Ellen smiled at her friend to settle her nerves and answered calmly.  
"It will go easy for a new people to our lifestyle, Phyl.  You might 
experience some light spanking, or perhaps you won't receive any 
'pleasure' training this first time.  I don't really know, Phyl, it's 
really up to Martha to decide."  She reached over to pat Phyllis's 
cheek to reassure her as she drove on to Phyllis's rendezvous with 
love, sex, pleasure, infancy and best of all, the magnificent joy of 
pain administered by someone that loves you.

The car pulled into Martha's driveway and stopped in front of the 
porch.  Ellen could see Agnes's car parked near the garage and knew 
that both Agnes and Jane were here too.  It was going to be a fun 
evening, she thought as she turned to smile at Phyllis.  "Come on, 
Phyl, you'll love it.  I do." she said.  Phyllis, got out of the car 
slowly, as Ellen pulled Robert out by his chained balls and led him up 
the steps.  Phyllis held Ellen's arm as the three of them climbed the 
porch stairs to the door.  Ellen rang the bell and they waited for 
Martha to answer.

The door opened and Martha, dressed in her robe, welcomed them inside.  
She hugged each of them then turned to Phyllis and held both of her 
hands.  "I'm so glad you came to see Mommy, Phyllis.  I'm sure you will 
be happy here with Ellie and me."   Phyllis nodded nervously as she 
entered the living room.  She looked about to see that all the drapes 
were drawn shut and most of the furniture was against the walls, 
leaving a lot of space in the center of the room for the evenings 
activities.  

She watched as Martha grabbed Robert by his hard-on and pulled him to a 
corner of the room.  Martha fastened the guide chain on a hook high up 
on the wall, pulling the chain very tight around Robert's balls.  He 
winced as the chain pressed painfully into his balls, but he did not 
cry out.  "He can stay in the corner until we're done, girls." Said 
Martha as she motioned to Ellen to get ready.  Ellen indicated to 
Phyllis to follow her lead in disrobing.  Ellen quickly stripped until 
she was naked.  Phyllis still wore her bra and panties.  Ellen cocked 
her head at her, then pulled down Phyllis's panties.

Phyllis was mortified, but relaxed as Ellen hugged her and unsnapped 
her bra.  "Don't worry, Phyl, it will be great." Ellen whispered to her 
roommate as both of the stood naked for 'Mommy's' inspection.  Martha 
took both of Phyllis's hands and held them out away from her body to 
get a good look at the trembling girl.  "You're beautiful, Phyllie.  
Such a beautiful baby girl."  Martha told her.  "Oh, Phyllie, this 
won't do at all." She said as she rubbed Phyllis's bushy black hair 
around her pussy.  She led Phyllis to a 'changing table' and had her 
lay down on her back.

"Ellie, get Mommy the warm water, shaving cream and razor, dear."  
Martha instructed.  Ellen quickly left the room to fetch the items 
Martha requested.  As they waited, Martha rubbed Phyllis's firm tits 
and flicked her thumbs over the hard, erect, rosy nipples.   Phyllis's 
shuddered with excitement and could feel her cunt becoming moist and 
aroused.  "You like that, Phyllis?" asked Martha as the girl nodded 
affirmatively.  "Mommy will make you feel very, very good soon, dear.  
My, you have such lovely titties.  Do you wear a C cup, dear?"  Phyllis 
nodded yes, as Ellen returned with the shaving materials.

Martha quickly lathered and shaved Phyllis totally of her pubic hair.  
She showed Phyllis the completed job with a mirror, as she nodded her 
approval.  Phyllis felt a sense of freedom with all her cunt hair 
removed.  Martha dried the girls' cunt and powdered it with baby 
powder.  Next she selected a diaper and placed it under Phyllis's 
lovely round ass.  She bent down to softly kiss Phyllis's cunt, pleased 
that it was wet with juices, then fastened the velcro straps.  She 
lifted Phyllis as though she was as light as a feather and placed her 
on the floor.  Phyllis, surprised at Martha's strength, sat motionless 
to watch as Martha next diapered Ellen, too.

"You two baby girls play with your titties while Momma sees to Baby 
Bobbie".  Said Martha as she released Robert and led him to the center 
of the room.  "Well, baby Bobbie, you were supposed to stand in the 
corner while I diapered your baby sisters, but I saw you glancing and 
looking at their cunnies, you naughty boy."  Martha told him and 
released his guide chain from the hook.  She fetched a straight chair, 
opened her robe revealing her naked body and sat down.  She pulled 
Robert to her, by his balls' chain, and laid him face down across her 
lap. 
  
Phyllis watched in awe as Martha shoved Roberts cock between her thighs 
and wrapped the end of the balls' chain around a leg of the chair.  
Martha fondled Robert's asscheeks as she dipped her finger in her cunt 
to lubricate it with her juices.  She spread his cheeks and pushed her 
finger as deep as she could into Robert's puckered little asshole.  He 
jerked as he felt his sphincter part to accept Martha's finger.  Next 
she pushed in a second finger and then a third.  Phyllis could see 
Robert's obvious pain and wondered why he didn't cry out as Martha 
cruelly twisted and shifted her fingers about.

"Well, little Bobbie, do you know what happens to naughty little boys 
when they look at their little sisters' cunnies?"  Robert nodded as 
Martha raised her hand high and slapped his asscheeks hard.  Robert 
groaned as his flesh turned a bright pink from the blow.  Martha struck 
his asscheeks again and again as hard as she could, all the while 
lecturing him on not looking at his sisters' cunts without permission.  

Robert's asscheeks were burning as Martha continued to pummel his 
asscheeks.  His flesh was turning a bright crimson, as he moaned and 
jerked with each blow.  He could feel his cock grow stiffer and harder 
as his 'Mommy' spanked him.  Cum boiled in his balls and he could feel 
the pre-cum oozing from his cockhole as he received his punishment.  
Now Robert became worried that he might cum, soiling 'Mommy's' thighs 
with his cum.  He strained to prevent orgasm, but the spanking was 
taking its toll of his strength to resist.

Suddenly, Robert cried out as he erupted in a copious volume of thick, 
hot, milky white cum all over the insides of Martha's thighs.  Again 
and again his cock spasmed and expelled huge gobs of thick cum.  Martha 
rammed two fingers in his asshole again to feel the sphincter close 
about her fingers as he ejected the semen on her lap.  Robert felt 
totally spent as his orgasm subsided and he lay motionless on Martha's 
lap.

"Look at the mess you made on my thighs, Bobbie, you naughty boy.  
Mommy can't trust you not to be naughty, can I, Bobbie?"  Martha 
taunted him.  "Now, get on your knees and lick up all this mess 
immediately!"  Robert looked sheepishly at Ellen and Phyllis as he got 
off Martha's lap and knelt down between her legs.  His thick cum flowed 
slowly and covered her inner thighs and her cunt.  He put out his 
tongue and began to lick his cum from Martha's thighs.

Martha's arousal grew by leaps and bounds as Robert licked nearer to 
her wet flowing cunt.  As he began to lick cum from her cuntlips, she 
grasped his head and forced it to her cunt.  She held him there as he 
licked her inner cunt, probed his tongue deep inside her and finally 
settled on her clit to lick and suck it as though it was a nipple.  
Martha screamed as she exploded in orgasm.  Again and again she 
shuddered as the throes of orgasm pulsed through her body.  Finally, 
she let go of Robert's head and let her arms fall at her sides as she 
tried to regain her strength and composure from the ferocity of her 
orgasms.

Ellen was rubbing Phyllis's nipples as they both watched Martha and 
Robert.  The girls were cunts were flowing heavily with their juices, 
as their arousal was nearly total.  Several times Phyllis had tried to 
reach into her diapers to play with herself as she watched 'Momma' and 
'baby Bobbie'.  Ellen had grasped her hand and quietly shook her head, 
no, to prevent her from masturbating.  

Martha oversaw Robert as he finished licking up his cum, to be sure he 
had cleaned it all.  Next, she fitted him with a specially made nylon 
net device that pulled his cock and balls back toward his ass.  It had 
a built in cock ring which held it in place when it was tightened.  A 
small opening, which closed behind the rim of his cockhead, allowed 
only his cockhead to protrude out.  A light chain, attached to the 
device, went back between his legs and was fastened to his neck collar.

Robert was brought to the center of the room and his wrists were 
clasped into restraints attached to a ceiling chain, which was pulled 
taut.  Martha spread Robert's legs and fastened each ankle to a ring in 
the floor.  "There.  That should hold you still and prevent you from 
cumming without permission, you naughty, naughty boy!"  Martha told 
him.  Almost as an afterthought, Martha produced a ball gag and fitted 
it onto Robert's head and mouth.  "Now we won't have to listen to you 
whine, either."

Martha sat down on the sofa and beckoned to Phyllis and Ellen to come 
over to her.  Phyllis started to rise up, but Ellen again grasped her 
hand and shook her head no.  She indicated Phyllis to crawl on all 
fours to their 'Momma'.   Martha lifted Phyllis and sat her on her lap, 
as Ellen sat at her 'Mommy's' feet.  Phyllis felt her cunt throbbing as 
Martha began to lightly rub Phyllis's rosy nipples and kiss her on the 
forehead.

"Momma, loves her new little baby girl very much." Cooed Martha to 
Phyllis as she continued to rub, pinch, pull and tweak the girls' 
nipples.  Phyllis was so excited she could feel her orgasm building 
deep in her cunt.  Her clit was fully erect and rubbing on her diaper, 
further stimulating her toward orgasm.  Martha laid the girls' head on 
her chest and grasped her own ample breast to rub the nipple all about 
Phyllis's face.  As Martha's nipple grew hard and erect she offered it 
to Phyllis.

Phyllis, looking up at her new 'Mommy', parted her lips to take the 
large rosy nipple into her mouth.  She began to suck eagerly.  Martha 
laid her head back on the sofa to enjoy the pleasure-full sensation of 
the young mouth sucking at her nipple.  Suddenly, Phyllis gave a start 
as her mouth filled with a sweet liquid squirting from Martha's breast.  
Martha held her close to her breast as the startled girls continued to 
suck and swallow Martha's breast milk.  "That's a good baby girl, Mommy 
will feed you some nice warm milk, darling," Martha told her as she 
watched her suckle at her breast.

"Ellie, here, suck Mommy's other nipple, so I can feed you too, angel."   
Ellen eagerly took Martha's nipple and began to suck the sweet liquid 
into her mouth.  Martha could feel her cunt juices began to flow 
heavily as the girls nursed at their 'Mommy'.  Phyllis looked so sweet 
and content as she nursed.  The look in her eyes told Martha that 
Phyllis had become a convert.  As the girls continued to nurse, Martha 
loosened Phyllis's diaper to slide her hand into the diaper to rub 
lightly at Phyllis's cuntlips.  The girl moaned as she nursed and 
jerked slightly as she welcomed her 'Mommy's' attention to her 
throbbing, tight little cunt.

Martha placed her index finger between her 'baby's' cuntlips to feel 
the flowing wetness of her cunt.  Slowly, and ever so lightly, she drew 
her finger back and forth carefully avoiding the stiff, throbbing 
clitoris.  Phyllis was moaning in delight as she sucked Martha's nipple 
and writhing her hips to try to get Martha's finger to her clit.  Ellen 
put her fingertips to Phyllis's nipples and began to rub, pull, pinch 
and tweak them further increasing Phyllis's sexual arousal.  Martha 
smiled down at her new 'baby girl' and gently slipped a finger into her 
'baby's' cunt.  Phyllis spasmed and nearly came from the most welcome 
intrusion, but successfully resisted cumming.

Phyllis was openly moaning and writhing with lust from the 
ministrations of her 'Mommy'.  Martha kept her index finger buried deep 
in the girls tight little cunt, as she grasped the girls' clitoris 
between her thumb and forefinger.  Again, Phyllis jerked, spasmed and 
once again resisted the deep urge to cum.  Martha began to flick her 
finger over the very wet clit, as Ellen took one of Phyllis's nipples 
into her mouth and began to suck it.  Phyllis was in sexual heaven as 
the two women continued to play with her.  

She knew that she could not stand much more and could feel her clit and 
cunt throbbing toward orgasm.  Martha instantly recognized the signs of 
impending orgasm and motioned to Ellen.  Quickly, Ellen placed her 
finger at Phyllis's asshole, already wet from her cunt juices flowing 
down upon it, and slipped the finger deep into the girls' asshole.  
This was the trigger!  Phyllis pushed her hips upward and she screamed 
as her orgasm overtook her.  Again and again she spasmed as the fingers 
in her cunt and asshole relentlessly brought her to multiple orgasms.

Ellen could feel Phyllis's sphincter close and tighten about her finger 
at each of the girl's orgasms.  Phyllis's eyes were rolling in her head 
as the powerful orgasms consumed her.  She had never cum with such 
intensity before.  Her body went limp as her orgasms subsided and she 
was powerless to prevent Martha's nipple from falling out of her mouth.  
She was semi-conscious, but could feel Martha and Ellen kissing her 
lips, breasts and face as she slowly tried to regain her senses.  

Through a seemingly hazy fog, Phyllis could feel Ellen's head between 
her legs lapping at her flowing cunt juices.  She stiffened as she 
experienced yet another orgasm from Ellen's tongue on her clit, though 
far from the intensity of her earlier orgasms.  In her semi-conscious 
state, she could feel Martha lift her up in her arms. She laid her head 
on the older woman's shoulder as she was carried down the hall to a 
bedroom.  Martha placed her new 'baby girl' in an adult-sized crib, 
diapered and powdered her and covered her with a large baby blanket.  
She kissed her new 'baby' and tenderly brushed the girls' cheek.  
Phyllis, knowing that she had been converted to a new lifestyle, could 
not keep her eyes open and quickly drifted off to sleep.  Martha 
switched off the light and quietly closed the door.




PART XI
Robert's Punishment

Martha shut the door to the 'nursery' and walked to another bedroom 
door.  She knocked, lightly, and heard Jane say that she and Agnes 
would come to the living room in a moment.  Martha continued down the 
hall to the living room and her 'baby' awaiting her.  She lifted Ellen 
to a changing table and laid her on her back.  "Let's see if baby wet 
herself."  She said as she examined the heavy wet diaper.  Ellen had 
just peed and grinned as her 'Mommy' prepared to change her.

"Oh, my, you are so wet, little girl." Said Martha as she pulled the 
wet diaper from underneath Ellen and began to dry her.  She finished 
drying her and began to lightly rub Ellen's cuntlips with her 
fingertips.  Ellen stirred and let out a soft moan as she felt her 
moisture engulf her cunt.  Martha dipped two fingers into Ellen's wet 
cunt and moistened them both, then offered them to Ellen.  She eagerly 
licked her juices from the fingers and continued to moan with pleasure.

Martha placed Ellen's legs over her shoulders and lowered her mouth to 
the girls' very wet cunt.  Ellen cried out as her 'Mommy's' tongue 
touched her cunt.  Martha licked the outside of the girls' cuntlips, up 
one side and down the other, avoiding her clitoris.  Ellen tried to 
shift her body so that Martha's tongue would land on her clit, but 
Martha continued to avoid the swollen little pleasure button.  "Please, 
Mommy, please!"  Ellen cried out again and again, but Martha ignored 
her pleas and continued to tease her.

Martha lifted the girl slightly and dipped her tongue down to Ellen's 
asshole where she began to lick, suck and tongue fuck her asshole.  
Ellen was writhing, shuddering and gyrating with each movement of 
Martha's tongue.  She closed her eyes as she felt Martha draw her 
tongue between her cuntlips and probe deep into her cleft.  Martha 
swallowed Ellen's cunt nectar and slowly inched her tongue toward the 
girls' clit.  Ellen shut her eyes tight as she felt the velvety tongue 
flick across her clit, then settle down to lick and suck at the 
engorged nubbin.

Ellen, with eyes shut, reveling in the tonguing her clit and cunt were 
receiving, suddenly felt a mouth close over each of her nipples.  
Briefly, she opened her eyes, to see Agnes and Jane sucking and pulling 
at her nipples as Martha continued to tongue lash her clit.  She 
reached out to embrace Agnes and Jane's heads and hold them to her 
breasts as she felt her orgasm building deep in her cunt.  She moaned 
with pleasure as the wonderful sensations rippled through her tits and 
cunt from the three women sucking them.

Suddenly, she threw open her eyes and screamed with joy as her orgasm 
erupted deep in her clit and cunt.  Ellen eyes locked onto Robert's, as 
he stood naked and bound in the center of the room.  She cried and 
screamed as orgasm engulfed her and rippled throughout her body.  Again 
and again she convulsed, as multiple orgasms wracked her young body.  
Soon, the orgasms subsided, and Ellen sighed in relief.  "That was 
incredible, Mommy."  She said to Martha as the older women kissed her 
full on the mouth.  "Thank you too, Aunt Agnes and Aunt Jane.  That was 
a magnificent cum.  I love you all so much.  Thank you."

Robert watched in silence as the women released Ellen and walked over 
to him.  Agnes looked him in the eyes and shook her head.  "Well, 
Robert, Mistress Martha tells me that you came without permission, 
making a mess."  She paused for effect then added, "Is this true?"  
Robert nodded yes and grunted through his ball gag.  He looked at the 
three women and knew that he was in for some punishment for cumming 
without permission.  Mistress Jane was ecstatic at the prospect of 
punishing Robert for his infraction.  Robert sighed in resignation to 
his fate and mentally braced himself for what was to come.

"Martha, I love this new cock and balls restraining net that you've 
placed on this naughty boy."  Agnes said as she looked at Robert's 
cockhead protruding from the nylon netting.  "I like the way it is 
pulled back between his legs to point towards his asshole."

"Yes, Agnes," added Jane, "if his cock was longer we could truly make 
him fuck himself in the ass!" Jane joked.  The three older women 
laughed heartily at Robert's predicament.  Ellen, recovering from her 
orgasm, smiled at the idea.  Jane fondled the exposed cockhead, 
arousing Robert's desires, but the restraining device prevented the 
young man from achieving an erection.  He could feel his cock try to 
get hard, but the best it could do is strain against the netting and 
expel a bit of pre-cum.

"Ladies, would you like some tea, while we wait for our new 'baby girl' 
to awaken and watch as we punish Robert?"  Asked Martha.  Agnes and 
Jane nodded yes.  Martha fitted a pair of nipple clamps onto Robert's 
nipples, secured them tightly, then motioned for Ellen to follow them 
into the kitchen.  Robert watched them disappear into the kitchen as he 
pondered, and dreaded, his fate.  He knew it would be painful, but he 
also knew that he would also enjoy it as well.

Robert, partially hanging from his restraints for nearly an hour, 
listened to the women talking and laughing in the kitchen.  He tried to 
put the upcoming punishment session out of his mind, but before long 
his thoughts returned to his predicament.  He could hear the opening 
and closing of a door, and some muffled words that he could make out.  
Finally, he heard footsteps behind him and he realized that his 
Mistresses and his 'baby sisters' had come in to the room.

Ellen and Phyllis sat down cross-legged, in front of him, and watched 
as Agnes fitted Robert with a leather blindfold.  Robert's heart began 
to beat faster as he realized that he had lost his sense of sight and 
would be unable to know what would be happening to him.  He became very 
uneasy, because Mistress Agnes had never before blindfolded him.  He 
could feel his cock strain the nylon restraint in a futile attempt to 
achieve an erection.  Though he was frightened, he was very sexually 
aroused, at being punished blindfolded.

Robert heard Ellen and Phyllis giggling under their breaths as some one 
pulled slightly at his nipple clamps.  He grimaced in pain and softly 
moaned as the pulling pressure increased until he was moaning and 
trying to cry out, but the ball gag suppressed everything, but the soft 
moans.  He could feel something made of leather being drawn lightly 
across his asscheeks.  Within a few moments he recognized that someone 
was gently caressing his ass with a leather strap.  He had not felt the 
strap since leaving Mistress Calista's home.  He shuddered at the 
thought of what would soon come.

Robert heard the singing of the strap as it flew through air, and 
clearly heard the un-mistaken sound of leather striking flesh!  It took 
only a split second for the strike to register, as the pain gripped his 
asscheeks!  He screamed into the ball gag, but no one could hear him.  
As he drew another hard breath, the strap exploded again on his 
asscheeks, accompanied by applause from his 'baby sisters' and his 
other Mistresses.  His tormentor next targeted the soft, tender flesh 
of his inner thighs, as he jerked and spasmed in his chains, tears 
freely flowing down his cheeks as he screamed, inaudibly, into his ball 
gag.

Though he was barely conscious, several more lashes of the strap 
harshly struck his asscheeks and inner thighs.  He recognized Agnes's 
voice admonishing him to refrain from cumming without permission.  
Robert realized that it had been Mistress Agnes that had strapped him 
so fiercely.  His head hung down with his chin resting on his chest as 
he felt his ball gag being removed.  His sobbing became audible and 
louder, as the ball came out of his mouth while his asscheeks and 
thighs burned from the strapping.

The blindfold remained in place and he could not see who was removing 
the nipple clamps.  He cried out as the clamps came off and the 
circulation returned to his nipples, along with the painful sensations 
of the nerves reactivating themselves from the numbness.  Robert was 
startled to feel two tongues swirl around his nipples to rejuvenate 
them.  From the feel of the tongues he correctly surmised that one 
tongue belonged to Agnes and the other to Aunt Jane.  He relaxed, as 
best he could, to enjoy his nipple tongue bath.  As his nipples were 
being sucked, he could feel his cock beginning to strain against its 
nylon prison.

He sensed something brush against his leg, and felt a mouth close 
around his cockhead that protruded from the nylon netting.  Next, his 
asscheeks were parted wide and a tongue worked its way down to his 
asshole to lick, suck and probe his anus.  His cockhead experienced 
wonderful sensations that seemed to drive him toward orgasm, but at the 
last second the device that gripped his cock and balls prevented an 
orgasm.  Robert moaned, writhed and gyrated with pleasure from the 
tongues at his nipples, cockhead and asshole.  Again and again he 
thought he would orgasm, only to be denied by the cruel device.

Incessantly, the tongues continued their joy and torment as Robert 
could feel something rubbing at his lips.  Momentarily puzzled, he 
quickly recognized that it was a nipple being proffered to him.  
Eagerly he took it into his mouth and started to suck it greedily.  As 
he suckled the nipple a stream of warm, sweet milk bathed over his 
tongue and he knew that it was Mistress Martha's tit he was sucking.  
Robert's body began to shake uncontrollably as he could hardly stand 
the tonguing of his sensitive cockhead.  

He wailed and shook in pleasure as the sucking stopped momentarily, and 
the tongues pleasuring his cockhead and asshole switched places, and 
resumed their maddening attack.  Robert could feel his cockhead swell 
from the sucking it was receiving.  His cockhole was seeping a mixture 
of thick clear pre-cum and some milky white semen.  He could feel his 
balls swelling and boiling with their huge load of cum straining 
futilely to be expelled.

This pleasure/torture continued for over an hour, with his pleasure-
givers and tormentors exchanging places often, except for Martha, who 
kept feeding him her milk.  Finally, all licking and sucking ceased.  
Martha withdrew her nipple from his mouth and removed his blindfold.  
As his eyes adjusted to the blinding light, shapes started to form in 
front of him.  Robert saw that the five women had formed a daisy chain 
and were greedily sucking each other's cunts.  His already sky-high 
arousal climbed even higher as he witnessed the erotic scene before 
him.

Agnes paused her sucking of Phyllis's cunt to reach up to release 
Robert's cock and balls from their nylon prison, then resumed her place 
in the daisy chain.  Robert's cock instantly snapped to attention and 
throbbed mercilessly as he watched the women pleasure each other.  The 
erotic sexuality of the scene before him, and the throbbing state of 
his well-sucked cockhead, was more than he could stand.  

Without any resistance left to withhold orgasm, his cock erupted in a 
thick, creamy, frothy expulsion of warm cum.  It arched high into the 
air in long strings of cum and splashed onto the women in front of him.  
His cum spurted nearly four feet out to bathe the ladies bodies.  Again 
and again his cock burst forth volley after volley of thick cum that 
splashed on the women. Robert nearly passed out from the force of his 
orgasm.  

He hung limply in his chains as a string of cum clung to his cockhole, 
stretching to Agnes's breast.  She looked at Robert, smiled and pulled 
her nipple to her mouth, and licked the cum into her mouth.  The other 
women, taking the lead from Agnes, began to lick up cum from each 
other's bodies.  Even the confirmed lesbian, Martha, joined in.  Agnes 
moved to Robert, licked his cock and balls to clean off droplets of cum 
and kissed him lovingly on his mouth.  He eagerly returned her kiss and 
whispered, "Mistress Agnes, I love you." as they kissed.

"I know you do, Robert," whispered Agnes, "I love you too, sweet slave, 
I love you too."

Ellen placed a cock ring to the base of Robert's cock and fastened it 
securely.  Next, she unlocked his wrists from the ceiling chain and 
lowered him to the floor.  She fastened his arms over his head to a 
ring in the floor.  Again, securely bound, Robert was helpless and at 
the women's mercy.  Ellen kneeled down to take Robert's cock into her 
mouth to suck it to another huge hard-on.  Satisfied with its 
stiffness, Ellen tightened the cock ring to prevent him from losing his 
erection, smiled at the other women and mounted the very hard cock.

She closed her eyes and fucked herself silently.  Her face serenely 
revealed the pleasure she was enjoying as she rose and lowered on 
Robert's cock.  She began to pull, pinch and twist her nipples as she 
felt the first twinges of impending orgasm as she continued to 
rhythmically fuck herself.  Ellen sighed and changed her rhythm to slow 
down her inevitable journey toward orgasm so she could enjoy this 
captive cock longer.

Phyllis straddled Robert's waist and pulled Ellen's face into her newly 
shaved and very wet cunt.  Ellen moaned with pleasure and eagerly 
probed her tongue deeply into her room mates cunt.  Agnes, Jane and 
Martha sat around their young slaves to enjoy watching them fuck and 
suck one another.  Phyllis began to pull and twist her nipples too as 
Ellen moved to swirl her tongue about the clit in her mouth.

Robert could hardly bear the wonderful sensations being visited on his 
captive cock by the velvet folds of Ellen's cunt.  He moaned aloud at 
the intensity of the clenching pussy gripping and releasing his 
cockhead.  Straining to cum, his cockhead became swollen, but he could 
not achieve the release he wanted due to the cock ring clutching his 
cock.   Ellen emitted a guttural grunt as her orgasm consumed her.  She 
cried out under her breath as her cunt spasmed robustly as she 
experienced several mini-cums.

She continued to sit impaled on Robert's cock while she brought Phyllis 
to a gut wrenching orgasm.  Phyllis nearly passed out from her passion 
and Ellen had to release her nipples to grasp Phyllis 's ass and 
prevent her from falling.   Slowly, the two girls stumbled to one side 
to lay panting on the floor to continue enjoying the pleasure of their 
orgasm.  Phyllis sought out Ellen's mouth to kiss her deeply and 
intertwine their tongues to taste her juices in Ellen's mouth.

Surprising everyone, Martha moved to straddle Robert's hips.  She 
dropped to her knees and reached between her thighs to grasp his very 
hard cock.  Slowly she lowers herself onto his member and it disappears 
deep into her lesbian cunt to the applause of the other four women.  
She began to fuck him relentlessly, rotating her hips to savor every 
bit of his throbbing hard-on.  She leaned over and grasped her nipple 
and began to spray her sweet milk all over Robert's face.  He struggled 
to catch as much of the sweet liquid in his mouth as he could, but was 
not very successful. 

Although Martha enjoyed the fucking she was giving herself, she could 
not bring herself to orgasm this way.  Finally, hot with desire, she 
rose up and sat on Robert's face, grasped his head and pulled it 
forcibly into her cunt.  She relished his whirling tongue licking and 
sucking her cunt and clit until she exploded in a savage orgasm.  She 
squirted her juices deep into his mouth, filling it and spilling it out 
all over his face.  She screamed with lust and joy as her cum continued 
to erupt within her loins.  

It was the first time Robert had ever made Aunt Martha cum, and he 
marveled at how violent her orgasm was.  She persevered in her orgasmic 
throes as she came again and again, as Robert continued to lick and 
suck her squirting sex until finally her orgasm subsided and she 
stopped shaking.  She lifted up from Robert and smiled down at his 
glistening face wet with her nectar and milk.  "Robert," she said, "Up 
until now I would never have believed that a man could make me cum like 
that."  Catching her breath she kneeled down to kiss him on his lips, 
whispering, "Thank you, sweetheart."

Agnes moved to Robert and removed his cock-ring.  Jane fondled his 
balls as Agnes took his cock into her mouth to begin to softly lick and 
suck his tormented organ.  Robert loved the smooth sensations that 
Agnes visited on his sensitive cockhead.  He looked at her and their 
eyes locked as she realized that he really loved her.  She closed her 
eyes to savor the salty flavor of his cock and oozing pre-cum.  Inside, 
Agnes was deeply moved with the knowledge that her young charge truly 
loved her.  She loved him too, and that made everything all right.

She rolled her tongue over and over the sensitive spot on the underside 
of his cockhead and the intensity boggled his mind with pleasure.  She 
sensed his orgasm was imminent and she doubled her effort to bring him 
off.  Suddenly, he lifted his hips off the floor and cried out as he 
exploded in a ferocious orgasm.  His thick, white, creamy cum 
forcefully splattered against the back of her mouth and throat.  She 
gulped to swallow the huge volume of cum expelled in volleys from his 
cockhead.  Agnes marveled at the intensity and duration of her young 
lovers' orgasm.  

Finally, with a full mouth of his cum, Agnes felt his orgasm subside 
and his cock begin to soften as it continued to throb.  Several after 
pulses of his cock rewarded her with additional spurts of his cum and 
then he lay still, eyes closed and breathing hard.  Agnes moved to his 
lips and kissed him deeply thrusting some of his cum into his mouth so 
they could share it together.  He accepted her offering gladly and 
eagerly returned her kiss.

On cue from Agnes, Aunt Jane released his wrists and ankles from their 
restraints and she and Agnes helped Robert to his feet.  Martha brought 
out a blanket and wrapped around Robert as Agnes put on her raincoat 
over her naked body.  "Help me take him to my car, Jane."  Agnes told 
her, and the two women placed on of his arms over their shoulders and 
assisted him to the car.  Jane, naked, quickly ran back into the house, 
as Agnes covered Robert and helped him put on his seat belt.

Agnes returned to the house to say goodnight and thank everyone for a 
wonderful time.  "He's magnificent, Agnes," said Martha, "You're so 
lucky to have him."  Agnes smiled and nodded as she bid all good night 
and returned to the car.  Robert was asleep as she drove away and 
pulled onto the highway.  She glanced over at Robert and smiled to 
herself at her incredible good fortune to have found him.

She helped him into the house and up the stairs to her room.  He looked 
at her as if to wonder why she had not taken him to his room.  
"Tonight, sweet Robert, I want you to sleep with me, so I can hold you 
and love you all night."  She paused then continued as she covered him 
with the silk sheets, "You were magnificent to night, you endured the 
discipline, you out-fucked and sucked everyone, you even made Aunt 
Martha, a confirmed lesbian, cum her brains out.  I do love you, 
Robert, I just wish I was younger so I could marry you, but that is not 
going to happen."

Agnes left him and went to the bathroom to shower as he fell asleep 
again. She finished her shower, dried her tired body and climbed into 
bed with her slave lover.  She tried to fall asleep, but her thoughts 
kept returning to the knowledge that Robert truly loved her and that 
she too loved him.  It was more than the sex, the submission, her 
domination or his subservience to her and her friends.  She realized 
that Robert was a beautiful person both inside and out and she loved 
him for that.  

She also loved him as Roberta, because he allowed himself to cross-
dress just to please her and her fetishes.  Agnes wondered if she had 
done the right thing with Robert/Roberta?  Deep down she knew it wasn't 
right, but she loved the lifestyle so much that there was no other 
option for her.  Quietly, as though a light turned on in her mind, she 
decided what she must do.  She would adopt Robert and make him her son 
and heir.  Satisfied that her conscious was now clear, she snuggled 
close to Robert and soon fell happily asleep, knowing that the future 
was secure, personally and sexually, for both of them.

(More to follow later )

Feedback to lacy@erinet.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  James Lacy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





