BDSM Library - The Period




The Period
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A steaming hot session between this couple even when it was still during the lady's period.
The Period

I knew Chloe was on her period. In some ways this was a balls, but in others a
blessing in disguise. You see, usually Chloe gets really horny on her period,
and a lot of the time I can convince her to fuck me - which is fantastic because
she's totally turned on and out of control. And the other times, if she won't
fuck me, she's always so horny that she wants to really turn me on, so she gives
me a blowjob.

Now her blowjobs are savage, but when she's on her period, they are extra
amazing, because, she's so horny, that while she sucks, she's moaning away. It's
amazing - sends reverberations down my dick.

So I called over to her and we went into the room in her house where guests are
brought. Her family was still up in the other room, but that didn't stop us from
getting a bit frantic! She was seriously horny, I could tell by the way she was
running her hands over my body and through my hair - she was being really rough.
I could also tell by the way she was kissing me, and by her breathing. Naturally
I got unnaturally horny seeing this.

I tried to convince her to fuck me, but for some reason she wouldn't - she kept
telling me that she wanted to please me - wanted me to just relax and enjoy what
she was going to do. I presumed I was going to get a blowjob.

She went out for a minute - standard for us when she's on her period - she goes
out and takes out her tampon - that way if we do get too heated nothing slows us
down!

So she came back into the room - and I couldn't believe it - she had her clothes
in her arms - all she had on was a g-string. She was after going to the bathroom
and coming back nearly naked - if anyone of her family had moved from the front
room we were fucked! We knew however that they wouldn't come in and disturb us
once in the guest room - they were good about privacy.

I opened my mouth to speak and was swiftly told to shut it. This was a pure sign
of how horny Chloe was - she always gets aggressive when horny. She came over
and laid me flat on my back, and proceeded to take off all my clothes. She
rubbed her body all over mine - pressing her tits into my chest. All the time
she was talking dirty to me. It was amazing.

Next she went to work. She started sucking my dick as she always did when horny
- moaning - soaking him. It was amazing. But suddenly she stopped. I couldn't
believe it. She smirked at me - she was teasing me. "Get on all fours" I was
next instructed. I did as I was told, and she lay on her back - my head was just
above her crotch. I was looking at the g-string on her - it was my favourite. A
really light red - see through - really skimpy - light material.

"I saw how much you liked this the night we used the camcorder. I'm beginning to
wonder if you don't have a fetish. I've decided to try it out." I knew now what
was coming. Lying on her back she wrapped her feet around my slippery dick. It
amazed me once again just how smooth and rhythmic an action she could perform
with her feet. It was brilliant. Straight away I could feel the tension building
in my dick. She was a natural!

So she was lying on her back, masturbating me with her feet, and I was staring
at her - I could see she was breathing heavy - I knew she was really horny. I
started to get hornier myself due to this.

Now I realised just how close I was to her pussy. I realised that this would be
perfect for me to give her head. However I was pretty certain she wouldn't go
for it - she would think the idea of me licking her while she was menstruating
to be disgusting. But I knew she needed something - and she deserved it.

I started rubbing outside her thong. She started to protest - but it was only
half-hearted. She was dying for me to touch her. I quickly found her clit - it
was always that bit more pronounced when she was on her period. I started to rub
it. I was rubbing hard, fast, and in rhythm. She started to moan - voicing her
approval. Hearing her moan was just what I was looking for - approval.

This was the tiny bit of encouragement I needed. I knew there was a small hope -
no matter how remote, that I might get to lick her. I kept playing with her. I
knew by her breathing she was losing it more and more.

I waited until I knew she was gagging for it. I knew she wanted to be fucked.
She was oblivious to anything else. I took her feet from my dick, and slipped
off her g-string, throwing it on the ground. "Hey" she started to protest again.
"Chloe I know you...you want this - don't even pretend."

Poor Chloe, she just lay back. "Close your eyes baby." I told her. She did as
she was told. Her feet didn't find my dick. She thought I was going to fuck her.
She was in for a surprise.

"Baby I'm just taking that off so that I can get closer to your clit. I'm not
going to fuck you." Her feet found my dick again, and I could detect a trace of
disappointment after my last statement. I inserted a finger slightly - she
always seemed a bit tighter and warmer when on her period, I loved the feeling.
She liked what she was feeling too - her breathing was heavy again.

I brought my index finger to her clit, and proceeded to rub it again - I was
quite soft, but in a rhythm. I knew this was what she wanted. But I had a
devious plan in my head. I knew that when she was this horny, nothing sent her
wild like me giving her oral sex. The only thing that was preventing me was the
fact that she was on her period - I had to make her forget. Had to make her
think of it in the heat of the moment.

I lowered my head slightly towards her pussy. I could smell her, it smelled
divine. Her feet were pretty frantic on my dick. I was enjoying that a lot. I
kept touching her, now I was rubbing with the same rhythm, but a little harder
with the touch. She was bucking up slightly towards me. Her breathing was very
deep and fast now; I knew she was losing control. I knew that she was close to
the point where she would forget everything else - the circumstances - and just
concentrate on how horny she was.

I lowered my face closer still - I knew now that she could feel my breath on
her. She didn't move away - which was encouraging. I increased the pressure on
her clit, also increasing the speed. Chloe was bucking faster, breathing
quicker, and deeper aswell. She was starting to talk dirty. I knew she was
losing it.

Suddenly she just popped out with the words. "Baby lick me. Taste me." Before
she even realised what she had said my finger was replaced with my tongue. I
quickly made one sweep from back to front - finishing with a firm tongue running
over her clit. She let out quite a loud moan - normally she wasn't so loud -
especially with everyone in the house - but I think the sensation just caught
her by surprise - she wasn't expecting it.

"Hey" she started. She put her hand on the back of my head - grabbing by the
hair. She half-heartedly went to pull my head away but I just steadfastly kept
it in place. Now she really was bucking up to me - she was loving it - just as I
knew she would. I suddenly realised that her hand was now pushing my face to her
- holding it there - she wasn't going to let me go. I was licking furiously at
her clit - building the tension within her sexy body. I could feel her lips
quivering against mine.

She was totally lost in the pleasure now - she didn't care about anything else.
She was squirming around on the bed. After a few minutes I realised her feet
weren't on my dick anymore - I hadn't noticed them leaving - I was too busy
enjoying what I was giving her.

Suddenly she grabbed my head and yanked it away. She threw me down on my back.
She was seriously aggressive. "Oh baby, you're going to get it now. For that.
You're in trouble. I didn't think you'd like doing that when I'm...you
know...but after what you just did for me, it's time I repaid you. I'm going to
give you your fun."

She bent down and sucked me. In one go - she was so horny - she took him all
into her mouth. She soaked him. She had saliva all over my dick. Suddenly she
stopped, and shifted position. "C'mon baby, here you go, here's your prize," she
teased me, as she turned around on all fours facing me. "Fuck me. Take me."

I got up and positioned myself behind her, with my dick in my hand to enter. She
knocked my hand off my dick, and took him herself to put him in. "For you baby."
She said. Suddenly I realised why she had wet me so much. She was putting me in
her ass!

I knew she didn't like this much the only other time we had tried it, so I was
surprised. I looked down to see my dick disappear about halfway up her ass - it
went in quite easily it was so lubricated - and the sight made him swell up a
bit. It was so tight - the sensation was amazing.

Chloe left out a little whimper - it was hurting her - and that turned me on
even more. "Come on baby, fuck me. You're in now. And I LIKE it. Fuck me hard.
Come on baby. Give it to me. Use me."

She was so good at teasing me - so good at talking dirty. She knew just how to
turn me on. I started to fuck - at first just taking a few small thrusts into
her - again about halfway. She kept talking to me. It was driving me wild.

Suddenly something just took over. I plunged in with all my might and entered
fully. I could feel her tight ass stretch and give way to my dick. "Oww. Oh baby
don't stop." I hurt her again - yet she begged for more. She was acting like
quite the little whore. I was in heaven.

I knew I wouldn't last long after what we had been up to, so I had to make the
most of it. I wanted to use this, use her, wanted to feel power - and I knew she
wanted me to do that - wanted to give me that feeling.

I threw her face down on the couch and really climbed into her. I was on my feet
- crouching into her while fucking her ass, and was pounding as hard as I could.
She was screaming into the couch - both pleasure and pain, and also putting on a
show for me. The couch luckily was muffling the sound!

I gazed down again, and the sight of her ass being penetrated by my dick was too
much. I started to cum. I gushed into her, I could feel so much sperm erupting.
The climax was amazing. I could hear Chloe screaming at me "Cum baby. Cum in my
ass. Oh baby cum." Her voice was so muffled and horny it added to the thing for
me.

When I had finally spent my load, I waited for a while. I reached around and
rubbed Chloe's clit for a second - which was now massive - just to get her to
shudder a little. She moaned a little, and squirmed a tiny bit - but was too
exhausted to get going too much. She did what I wanted though - she milked the
final few drops of cum from my dick.

After another short while I pulled out. Chloe was lying there and kind of rolled
over to look at me. She had a dreamy smile on her face. She had really enjoyed
it! I was really surprised and totally delighted! I headed out to clean up, and
by the time I came back she had cleaned up too.


Well that was a once off - nothing like that has happened since - I haven't
fucked her ass - nor given her head while she was on her period. We did discuss
it once, when we were out for drinks, and she confessed that while her ass hurt
for a while afterwards - and it was a little sore at times during the sex - that
she had never experienced anything quite like it - and that she really enjoyed
it. She reckons it was just because of everything we did that night was a bit
taboo - and we were both in just the right mood for it - and also that it was a
spur of the moment thing with no pre-discussion.

She also surprised me by telling me that, while she rarely masturbates - if she
ever gets time to herself, and starts to think about that, she usually ends up
soaking, with one hand caressing her sweet wet pussy!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





