BDSM Library - An American Pervert In London




An American Pervert In London
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In London, they got the chance to enjoy themselves with those fascinating fetish fashion.
                             An American Pervert
                                  In London                                    
                                     by
                                 Bill Lemieux

                                   part 1

  "So, where do we go for lunch?" asked Jason, looking half-heartedly in
one of the hundreds of shop windows.  Yet another combination 
tobacconist's and news stand.  The neighborhood was rife with them.  An 
annoyed-looking proprietor stared at him as he pressed his nose against 
the glass, and he realized he was acting like a tourist again and looked
away.  

  The view in Flora's direction was decidedly better, anyway.  She had 
dressed up before leaving the hotel room, apparently to torment him.  
It was working.  Now she was wearing a very tight, very short latex 
miniskirt in an outrageous shade of purple.  The latex was so thin, it 
was slightly translucent, and when the light hit it right, he could see
little bubbles in the sweat between her ass and the skirt.  

  Combined with the form-fitting jacket in a matching shade of patent
leather, the total effect was staggeringly loud, but very sexy.  
Besides a half-cup push-up bra of shiny black rubber, the tight-waisted 
jacket was all she wore above the waist.  It revealed and exaggerated
her cleavage and, combined with the bright colors, created the 
impression that she was an escapee from a local art school.

  Jason shrugged his new bomber jacket around him, unwilling to believe
that this overcast day was actually "nice spring weather," as Flora had
called it.  He was glad he had bought the version with a shearling 
lining, because it was the only thing keeping him warm.  The pattern of
chrome studs on the back he could have done without, but it was the only
version that came with the sheepskin.

  "I dunno," Flora answered absently.  She was squinting in the overcast
but bright daylight, looking through a tourist's guide book.  "Something
besides pub food.  The locals could learn something about good food, you
know."  She shifted back and forth a bit on her stiletto heels.

  "Hey," defended Jason, "that place had damn good ale.  Just because 
you don't like fish..."

  "I LIKE fish," retorted Flora, "I just don't like what THEY did to it.
I mean, vinegar?  Eeew."  She took a break from her reading to stick her
tongue out petulantly at a passing gent who was admiring the view.  It 
was not surprising, considering Flora's outfit- even in Carnaby Street,
where punks and art-school types seemed to abound.

  "What do you mean, you're supposed to LIKE the vinegar.  YOU'RE a Brit.
It's been what, twenty-four hours? And already your accent is thickening
like yesterday's chowder."  He smiled at his little witticism, but pecked
Flora on the cheek to take the sting from his words.

  She grinned and appeared ready with a riposte, when something caught 
her attention over Jason's shoulder.

  "Mandy!  Over here!" She shouted over the din of the tourist crowd and 
the traffic.

  Mandy hurried up to them, loaded down with shopping bags.  Looking 
quite fashionable in her shiny black mackintosh and calf-high boots, she 
was far better prepared for the threatening sky than either Jason or 
Flora.  Flora looked like she ought to be freezing in her skimpy, 
revealing outfit, but she showed no sign of it.  Perhaps she was just
used to the climate.  She had neglected to tell her companions what the
weather was like in England, but apparently Mandy had had a better idea
English weather than Jason.  

  "So, did you find what you were looking for?" Asked Jason.

  She frowned and said, "More or less.  I have to go back to the 
Ectomorph shop after the con for a second fitting.  Oh, and I've bought 
you each a present."

  "What, What?" Flora asked, jumping up and trying to look into Mandy's 
bag, like a small child.

  "Oh, you'll see.  Wait 'till we get back to the hotel.  Hmm.  I see I'm
not the only one who's been shopping.  New shoes, my dear?"

  Flora smiled coyly through her hair at Mandy, who was walking around 
the younger woman, inspecting her new heels.  They were sky-high, bright
purple, patent leather opera pumps, matching her skirt, with the addition
of half-a-dozen straps across the instep, and a wide cuff around the 
ankle, attached to the shoe at the back.  A tiny padlock dangled from the
hasp of each cuff.

  "What do you think?" Asked Jason, "I picked the style, and Flora picked 
the color."

  Mandy smiled approvingly.  "I like, I like.  Anything else?"

  "I've been sorely tempted," said Jason, "but I'm saving my money for 
the convention.  Every fetish and perve shop in Europe will be there, and
I won't have to wear out my feet.  Plus, if we see something in the 
dealers room we like, we can always visit their shop next week, if 
they're locals."

  "Well," said Flora, "there was one little thing, er, pair of things, I 
just couldn't resist.  They weren't very expensive!"  She added 
defensively.

  "So?  Give.  Let's see!"  Mandy looked expectantly at Flora's shopping
bag.

  "Weeelll,  since you're going to make US wait until we get back, I 
think I'll make YOU wait too."  She put on her best "mischievous child"
grin.

  Mandy gave her a stern look.  "Fine.  If that's the way you want it. 
You know you'll have to pay for this little disobedience later, don't 
you?"
 
  Jason rolled his eyes skyward.
 
 "And what are YOU looking gaga at?"  Mandy gave Jason a perturbed stare.
Jason looked back, his innocent smile clearly saying, `who me?'.

  Mandy gave up.  "Oh!  You two!  I'm starving. Let's find something.."

  "..to eat," finished Flora and Jason in unison.

  Mandy peered around the block, evidently looking for a promising eatery. 
"You too?" She said.

  "We were just debating what to have when you walked up," answered Flora.

  "Well, I don't see much here, and I don't fancy the hotel food.  What's
your little book say?"

  "Not much.  Looks like a lot of tourist traps, if you ask me."

  "Flora and I passed an ice-cream shop about a block back..."  Jason 
offered helpfully.

  Flora and Mandy looked at each other.  Wide grins broke out. 
 
  "Chocolate Oblivion!" They cried in unison.  They each grabbed an arm of 
a bewildered looking Jason and hurried back the way he and Flora had come.

                                   -=O=-

  "Oh, God," moaned Jason, "that was wonderful."  He leaned back in the 
chair, holding his stomach.  "...but I feel like the Goodyear blimp," he 
added.

  Flora and Mandy exchanged looks, and broke out in another fit of 
giggles.  The giggles had started about half-way through their chocolate 
orgy, and they had hardly said a word since.  Jason was trying to be 
patient, but he kept getting the impression that he was on the receiving
end of an inside joke.  It didn't help that the giggles seemed 
uncharacteristic for the usually cool Mandy.

  "Oh Jesus, this is good fudge," Mandy finally said clearly.  She and 
Flora had been devouring a mound of Rocky Road under rivers of hot fudge.
 "Not Hot Fudge Topping," Mandy had read off the shops sign, "but real 
melted fudge!  These people definitely have the right idea!"

  The two soda jerks, one a boy, the other a young woman and apparently 
the manager, had been ogling the trio since they had sat down, the boy 
trying not to be obvious as he alternately stared at Flora and Mandy.  
  When Mandy had doffed her mac, revealing her tightly-laced, metallic
silver,  kid leather body suit, you could almost hear the boy's jaw crack
as it hit the counter.  Jason had watched in curious amusement when Flora
had gone up to ask the woman for a glass of water, and a long whispered 
conversation had ensued between her and the young lady at the end of the 
counter. 

  "So what was that all about," Jason asked when she got back.

  "She wanted to know where she could find a skirt just like this one,"
replied Flora, looking quite satisfied with herself.

  "Not in purple, I hope," said Mandy.

  "What's wrong with purple?" Countered Flora.
 
  "Aside from the incredibly loud shade you picked," replied Mandy, 
"nothing... but you never seemed to want bright colors before- black 
used to be good enough until now..."  She was regarding Flora with 
thoughtful eyes.

  "That's because I never bought something just for wearing out in public
before," Flora said.  "I mean, EVERYONE wears black rubber or leather at
the convention, right?  I just wanted to be... different, that's all."

  "You want to be different, eh?" asked Mandy in an odd tone, staring
intently into Flora's eyes.  "But you ARE different, my little slut, and
you know it, don't you?"  She had lowered her voice to a deep and throaty
purr, and Jason doubted that the two behind the counter could hear.  It 
would probably have been too much for their perspiring young minds 
anyhow, he thought.  Mandy was still talking in low tones to Flora.  
"You are better than they are, aren't you?  You are more... valuable, 
because you are mine."

 Flora's eyes grew a little wider, but she didn't break Mandy's gaze.
She licked her lips.  She began to look distracted, as if listening to 
Mandy's little speech was the most important thing in the world.  Mandy's 
voice continued in a softly spoken, unbroken torrent of words.  

 "You have experienced both heaven and hell, while they fumble through 
their dreary lives like mice in a maze."  Her voice had taken on a 
monotonous, almost hypnotic quality.  Jason had never heard her speak 
this way before.  The hair rose on the back of his neck.  
Something's happening here, he thought.  He had the good sense not to 
interrupt with any questions.

 "You live your life for pleasure, because you wish to, isn't that 
right?"  Flora's eyelids were drooping, Jason noticed.  

 "Mm-hmm," answered Flora.  The air between the three of them was charged 
with energy, and Jason shivered, despite the warm jacket he still wore.  
Flora seemed fascinated with Mandy's face in a dreamy sort of way, while
at the same time, she appeared distracted, as if listening to unheard 
music.  

 "What do you live for?" asked Mandy.  

 "Pleasure," murmured Flora.  

 "Why do you live this way?" insisted Mandy.  

 "Because I wish to," replied Flora, her voice sounding almost drugged 
with happiness now.  Jason was entranced.  

 Mandy's voice took on a more insistent tone.  
 "Your pleasure is my pleasure,"  Pause.  

 "My pleasure is your pleasure," came the answer.  
 
 "Your will is my will." Mandy stated it as a fact.  Pause.  

 "My will is your will."  Flora's eyes were closed now.  

 Shit, thought Jason, she's hypnotizing her!  Where the hell did she learn
this?  He snuck a glance at the two soda jerks.  They were oblivious to 
what was happening, quietly cleaning up, only occasionally glancing at 
the three of them. 

 He realized Mandy hadn't said anything in a while.  She was watching
Flora intently.  Flora's head nodded slightly, as if she were falling 
asleep.  "Flora?  Can you hear me?" asked Mandy.

 "Mm-hmm." 

 "Flora, you know you are in a deep trance, don't you?"

 "Mm-hmm."

 "You will listen only to the sound of my voice.  You will not hear 
anyone or anything else, do you understand?"

 "Mm-hmm."

  Mandy looked at Jason, who appeared ready to burst with questions.  She
grinned at him and leaned over to whisper in his ear.  "Later," she said 
quietly to him, "Right now I want to enjoy this.  You are going to go up 
and order a popcicle.  I am going to go to the bathroom with Flora.  Wait
a minute, then follow us.  Bring the popcicle with you."

 "But..."

 "No buts.  We'll be in the men's room.  Don't keep us waiting."

 Jason could only wonder what Mandy had in mind.  She stared at him
expectantly.  He headed for the counter.  "Um, I'd like a popcicle, if
you have any," he asked the woman.  She looked a little less interested
in her customers now, although her helper was still obviously fascinated
with Mandy.

 "What flavor?"

 "Um." He wondered for a moment whether the flavor mattered.  He looked 
at the boxes in the freezer display.  "Orange, I guess."

 "25 cents."  She rang it up, and went back to washing a fountain mixer.

 He took his popcicle back to their table, leaving it wrapped.  Mandy had
already got up.  Jason watched as she spoke to the boy, then headed 
through the indicated door with Flora in tow.  Jason and the boy watched
them appreciatively, Mandy's small and muscular leather-encased ass and 
legs flexing with muscle, followed by Flora's more ample, tightly-
rubbered bottom and hips wiggling and swaying with abandon.
 
 Jason hit the bathroom door precisely a minute later, without glancing
at the two behind the counter, for fear they'd be staring at him.  They
had to be suspicious now.  He felt distinctly self-conscious sucking the
popcicle while he walked into the "loo".  To his relief, there were two 
rest room doors on the other side of the outer door.  Maybe they won't 
realize we're in the same room, he thought.

 At first, he saw no-one in the room.  He was surprised how large the
bathroom was- most "water closets" he had seen so far were literally
closets.  There were soft moans coming from one of the stalls.  He looked
in.  Flora was bent over the commode, facing the wall, with her arms 
folded on the tank and her legs astride the toilet.  Her latex skirt was 
pulled way up, stretched tightly around her waist and over her breasts. 
The leather jacket and her bra were nowhere to be seen.  Mandy stood
behind her, one hand cupping a breast, the other buried to the knuckles
in Flora's vagina.  She motioned with her head for Jason to join them.  
It was cramped, and he and Mandy had to squeeze beside Flora to get the 
door closed, but once they had, there was little more room to move 
around in.  He discovered Flora's jacket and bra hanging on the back of 
the door.

 "Stop staring like a virgin," chided Mandy, "I want you to do 
something."  She turned to her slave.  "Flora," she said softly, "are you
listening to me?"

 "Mm-hmm."

 "I am going to put a leather helmet on you, do you understand?"
 
 "Mm.  Yes."  Flora's voice was still a little dreamy, but she sounded
more alert. 
 
  "The helmet is very thick.  It has a big gag and it fits tightly.  Once
I put it on you, you won't be able to hear anything, or speak at 
all, do you understand?"

 "Yes, Mistress."  Jason could hear the excitement in her voice now.  No
helmet was in sight.  He began to become more than a little excited
himself.

 "Your voice will not work at all, you will be unable to moan, unable to
make a sound, do you understand?"

 "Yes."

 "When I take it off, I will pinch your nose.  Then you will be able to
hear and speak again, do you understand?"

 "Mm-hmm."


 "I am putting the helmet on you now, can you feel it?"  Mandy had her
hands around Flora's head, and was stroking them down around her ears.

 "Yes."

 "When I am finished lacing up the helmet, you will feel a pinch on the 
back of your neck, and you will no longer be able to hear or make a sound,
do you understand?"

 "Mm-hmm" 

 She pressed her hands against Flora's head and face.  "I am lacing 
it up now, and it is getting tighter."  Flora moaned softly.  Mandy 
pushed her fingers into Flora's mouth momentarily.  "The gag is pushing 
past your lips, filling your mouth.  Soon you will be completely deaf 
and dumb."  Flora moaned again, very softly, hardly more than a breath,
though her mouth had formed a round `O'.
  
 Jason realized suddenly that he had been holding his breath, and started 
breathing again, heavily.

 Mandy pinched the back of Flora's neck.  Flora jerked slightly, but
remained silent.  "Flora, I want you to sit down," she said.  Flora
remained standing.  "Flora, I'm talking to you!" she hissed.  "Flora,
can you hear me?  Just nod your head if you can hear me."  Nothing
happened.  Mandy grinned at Jason.  Without warning, she drew her hand 
back and gave Flora a tremendous swat on the bottom.  Flora jerked, and
her buttocks tensed and squirmed a bit, but she made no sound.  As Jason 
watched, the colored outline of Mandy's hand appeared faintly on Flora's
beautiful bottom.

 "Run your popcicle over her cunt," commanded Mandy.  Jason's eyes grew
wide, but he did as he was told.

 "Is she really deaf?" he asked.  Flora jerked when he touched the icy
popcicle to her, and bounced up and down several times, as if unable to
tolerate it's touch, but unwilling to let it leave her for very long. 
Orange colored juice began dripping down one leg.

 "Looks like it," replied Mandy.  She moved to one side, and massaged 
Flora's breasts through the thin rubber of the skirt.  "Put it in," 
she added after a few moments.

 "Waitaminute," said Jason, flustered, "it's frozen!  Won't she... I
mean..."

 "Just keep it moving, don't let it stay in one place.  Put it in now!
I know what I'm doing."  Her eyes flashed sternly at him, and he knew
he would be hearing about his hesitation later, under less comfortable
circumstances.

 Jason plunged the icy confection into Flora's already dripping sex.  
Flora tensed all over, as if she were being electrocuted.  She didn't
change position however, she stood frozen in place, stooped over, her 
muscles quivering, her entire torso shaking.

 "Keep it moving!" commanded Mandy, "fuck her with it!"

 Jason plunged the fat popcicle in and out of Flora, while Mandy
viciously tugged, twisted, and squeezed Flora's breasts and nipple rings.
Flora was actually humping the ice-cold popcicle now- Jason had only to 
hold it in one position.  He noticed suddenly, to his surprise, that he 
had developed a tremendous erection.

 "Enough," said Mandy, "take it out."  Flora squirmed her ass a little
as he did.  Mandy grabbed her shoulders and pulled her upright, then
forcibly turned her around, facing the door.  She pointed to the toilet
seat.  "Sit," she commanded.  It took Jason a second to realize she meant 
him.  He squeezed past Flora, and sat down on the closed lid.  Mandy 
pushed him back against the tank, made him scrunch down a little on the
seat.  She maneuvered Flora backwards, until her legs were astride the 
toilet again.  In her stiletto heels, her ass was as high as Jason's 
face.  Mandy stood in front of her, pulled her shoulders down until she 
was bent over, her hands now resting on Jason's knees.  

 Mandy looked at Jason over Flora's back.  "Well, what are you waiting
for?  Clean her up!"

 Jason was happy to oblige, and buried his face in Flora's crotch.
The combination of orange flavored juice and her own natural taste was
bizarre, but he decided that he liked it.  There was something 
intoxicating, unnaturally arousing, about her scent, her taste.  He had 
read once somewhere, that humans didn't really have pheromones, those 
chemicals that involuntarily excited moths and other animals.  If that 
was really true, then perhaps Flora was a freak of nature, for her taste
somehow excited him terrifically, like no-one else's, including Mandy.

 Mandy was doing something that made Flora's ass sway.  He took a break 
to see what it was.  Mandy had hold of Flora's skirt.  "What are you 
looking at?" she said, "get back to work."  As soon as he did, he felt 
Mandy pulling the thin latex skirt down over Flora's hips, and then his 
head!  He had to move forward a bit, but Mandy pulled it down, until his 
head was trapped between Flora's crotch and the tightly stretched rubber.  
It was more or less the situation Mandy had put him in when they had 
first made love, when he was still an innocent teen.  

 In no time, the space under the skirt became hot and humid, and he 
occasionally had to pause from his licking and sucking to take huge gasps
of Flora- and rubber-scented air. 
 
 Before long, he felt Flora swaying and bucking against his face, though
she made no sound at all.  He started humming, on a low note, while his
mouth was pressed to her sex.  She pressed even harder back against his
face, and he became hard-pressed to breathe at all.  Though he was 
becoming light-headed, he could feel she was close to orgasm, and didn't
want to spoil it.  Just when he thought he would pass out from lack of 
oxygen, he felt her shudder and buck violently, her cunt spasming and 
literally trying to suck in his nose when she shifted position.  
Desperately, he reached down, grabbed the toilet bowl rim, and pulling 
backwards and down, extracted his head from her skirt.  He looked up to
see Mandy grinning down at him.

 "You're lucky you brought her off before you `pulled out'," she said,
"or I might have had to punish you."

 "Oof!" sighed Jason, "Ahh, isn't someone out there going to- phew! -get
suspicious soon?"  

 "Probably.  Let's get her dressed.  No, wait- I have an idea."  She
rummaged in her purse.  "I was going to wait 'til we got back to the 
hotel, but..."  She showed him a long box, covered with fancy embroidery. 
"I picked these up at a shop called Trash," she said, opening the lid.  
Inside were four very large, highly polished ball bearings, maybe two 
inches in diameter.  Jason took one out and turned it in his hand.  It 
was NOT a ball bearing.  It weighed far less than it ought to judging 
from it's size, but it also quivered and shook in his hand as if alive.

 "Ben Wa balls," he breathed, "jeezus they're huge!  And they don't 
rattle?"  He looked quizzically at Mandy.

 "They're the real thing- there's mercury inside instead of a solid ball.
Don't worry- The shells are welded stainless steel, and leak tested, so 
no-one's going to get poisoned.  They cost an arm and a leg, too," she 
added.

 Jason grinned back at her, and rubbed the cold ball against Flora's
still-moist pussy.  She jumped slightly, but didn't retreat.  He licked
it all over, then put it back against her, pushed gently.  Almost at once,
Flora shoved her ass backwards, and it disappeared inside.  He heard a
zipper.  He looked up, took another ball from the box Mandy had set down 
on Flora's back.  The other two were now gone.  He looked at Mandy.  She 
looked nonchalantly back, then turned to rummage in her purse again.  
Puzzled, he turned back to the job at hand.  He moistened and pushed in 
the other ball.

 "What if they fall out?" he asked.  

 "We'll take care of that in a minute," replied Mandy.  "Aha!" she said
softly, producing a small tube from her purse.

 "K-Y jelly?" asked Jason, "I don't think she needs..."

 "Lube her ass, smart boy," ordered Mandy, with a wry smile on her face.
Obediently he put a gob around her asshole, lubed his finger, and pushed 
it in, wiggling it around.  She responded silently, pushing back at him
slightly.  `Oink-oink', he thought at her.  

 "That's right, get her good and loose," urged Mandy.  He felt Flora 
relax her sphincter, and pushed in another gob, then another finger.  He
felt her twitch around him, but she didn't seem uncomfortable.  He 
rotated his fingers, and had just put his pinky in when he heard the 
zipper again.  He looked up.  Mandy had the front of her leather jump
suit unzipped, and was handing him another ball.  It was nicely warm.  
A light went on in his head.  He lubed it up with some trepidation and 
presented it two Flora's rear.  To his surprise, it took very little 
pressure before it popped inside.  He looked back at Mandy.  She reached
into her suit, removed the other ball from her other armpit and handed it
to him.

 "Tell me," she said, zipping up, "do you prefer to look at me naked,
or dressed in leather?"

 "You know the answer to that one," he said sheepishly.  He pushed on the
second, now slippery, sphere carefully.

 "No.  That's not what I mean.  I know you love rubber as much as I do.  
I'm talking about leather.  You said once that it didn't excite you nearly
as much as latex.  So, what I want to know is, is leather more exciting 
than plain skin?"

 The ball plopped inside.  "I guess..." replied Jason thoughtfully, 
leaning back against the tank, "I guess I like leather better with a 
little skin showing- I like the contrast.  But completely concealing 
leather is better than bare skin, I suppose, if it fits tightly.  And 
you know I love the way THAT suit fits."

 "Yeah, I know," said Mandy.  She straightened Flora up, and pulled the
tight rubber skirt back up over her hips.  "I'll be right back."  She 
opened the stall door, winked at a dumbfounded Jason, and waltzed out.  
She was back in less than thirty seconds with one of her shopping bags.  
"They're suspicious alright," she said when she had re-entered the stall,
"but I don't think they'll be any trouble."  She grinned slightly.  
"That boy was sitting, absolutely wide-eyed, at one of the tables, and 
the girl watched me the whole way to our table and back.  I think she 
might be bi; she kept licking her lips, when she thought I wasn't 
looking.  Okay, here we go."

 She pulled out a black rubber panty sort of thing from the bag.  At 
Mandy's request, Jason helped her put it on Flora, holding up one foot 
then the other, while Mandy pulled it up Flora's legs.  It was like a 
wide g-string, but the crotch piece was wider than usual, starting out an 
inch wide at the back, and except for the waist belt, was completely 
covered with tall, bulbous rubber knobs on the inside.  It fit very 
tightly, and it was obvious to Jason that it would keep the metal balls 
in, although he didn't think she'd be able to walk very far in it.  
Then a thought struck him.

 "You know lover, that skirt is nearly transparent in sunlight." 

 Mandy stared at him as if he had just announced that gravity made things
fall down.  "I have eyes, you know.  She'll deal with it."  
She pulled Flora's skirt the rest of the way down over her ass. 

 Even in the less-than-adequate light of the bathroom, Jason could make
out the darker outline of the black g-string through the translucent 
purple rubber.  He shook his head.

 "We'd better get out of here," he said.  

 "Go ahead," replied Mandy, "meet us at the corner.  I have something
I want to do first."  

 Jason left the bathroom, shaking his head, and smiling to himself.  On
his way out of the shop, he summoned the guts to wink at the boy, still
sitting at an empty table.  The boy blushed to his hairline.

  Back in the stall, Mandy caressed Flora's head and face firmly, as if
sliding something over her skin, then tweaked her nose.  Flora worked her
mouth silently, as if un-cramping her jaw, then sighed silently.  

 "Flora, can you hear me?" Mandy asked softly.

 "Yes my love."

 Mandy grabbed both of Flora's earlobes and pulled down gently.  
 "Flora, can you feel this?"

 "Mm-hmm."

 "Remember that.  When I pull on your ears again, you will wake up 
completely, but you will not remember anything that has happened, or 
anything that has been said.  You will obey all of the instructions that
have been given to you, without thinking about them.  Do you understand?"

 "Yes, Mistress."
 
 "Now Flora, I want you to listen very carefully.  You are wearing Ben
Wa balls and grope panties.  Can you feel them?"

 Flora moved a hand against her skirt, squirmed her legs together 
slightly.  She hummed softly.  "Yes, Mistress.  Oh, yes."

 "Flora, in a little while, I will wake you up and we will walk back to
the hotel.  You know what will happen.  You will become very excited by 
the balls bouncing inside you and by the panties rubbing your clit.  But 
you will not be able to come.  This is very important Flora, so I will 
say it again.  No matter how much you are excited, no matter how good 
it feels, the sensations will not be quite enough stimulation for you to 
climax.  You won't be able to come until you hear me say a certain word.  
When I say that word, your stimulation will be complete, and only then 
will you be able to come.  Do you understand, Flora?"

 "Yes, my love."  Her expression was one of peace, of satisfaction.

 "Now Flora, what will happen after you wake up?"

 "We'll walk back to the hotel, with the balls inside me," here she gave a
little shudder, "but I won't come until you say... some word."  Her brow
furrowed as, at some deep level, she realized she didn't know what the
word was.

 "Flora, would you like to know what the word will be?"

 "Yes please, Mistress."  She looked genuinely anxious now.
 
 "I will not say it now.  When you are awake, the word will be... 
`autoeroticism'.  The word WILL be `autoeroticism'.  Now, I haven't said
it yet.  You may not come until you are awake and you hear me say it, do 
you understand?"

 "Mm-hmm."  A faint look of relief crossed Flora's face.

 Mandy smiled, opened the stall door and backed up.  Leaning forward, she
pulled down on each of Flora's ears. 




				part 2
 
  Mandy smiled, opened the stall door and backed up.  Leaning forward,
she pulled down on each of Flora's ears. 

                                  -=O=-

  Flora's eyes fluttered a second, then flew open.  She saw Mandy, and
smiled uncertainly.  She stood stock still, looked around, and failed to 
recognize her surroundings.  Her eyes grew wide.  She was standing in a
bathroom stall.  The last thing she remembered, she had been sitting at
the ice cream shop table, talking with Jason and Mandy about the kids who
ran the place.

  "Oh, shit," she said softly.

  "Well," said Mandy, "are you ready to go back?"

  "Back?"

  "Back to the hotel."

  "Back to the hotel," echoed Flora, "Uh, sure."  She took inventory of 
the stall.  Herself, Mandy, and Mandy's shopping bag.  Nothing else.  She
knew what had been done- they'd been playing with it for years, but only
rarely- Mandy insisted that it remain a rare treat for some reason.  She
never gave Flora any warning, although Flora had years ago offered up her
free will on the altar of good times, and every time, it shook Flora to
her core.

  "You hypnotized me again, didn't you?"

  "Yep."

  "I don't suppose you'll tell me what you've done this time, either."

  Mandy grinned.  "Nope.  Ready?"

  "Okay, what the hell," she looked down, saw the shopping bag, and bent 
to pick it up.  "Oh!" she exclaimed.  An amazing sensation had just shot
through her sex.  She grasped the bag and stood up in slow motion.  

"Oh my," she added.  She looked down and felt the `grope' panties through
the thin latex of her skirt.  She wiggled her bottom experimentally, then
looked up at Mandy with wide eyes and a breathless smile.  
"I'm ready, oh am I ever... but I don't think I can walk very far, love."

  "You'll have to.  Walking is the only way you're going to get back, and
I'm not letting you off the hook until we are back in our room."

  Flora headed for the bathroom door, a determined look on her face.  
"Well," she said, "I'll give it my best shot.  Good God, what have you 
stuffed me with?  I love it!  Er, them."

  Mandy just chuckled as they walked silently past the consternated soda
jerks, pausing only long enough to sweep up her other bag, and grab her 
mackintosh from the rack.

                                   -=O=- 
  
  Jason was about to go back in to see what was keeping them, when the
two appeared at the door, and walked over to him, a happy smile on each of
their faces.  He noted that Flora seemed wide awake and happy.  "I don't 
suppose you had anything to do with this," she said as they walked up.

 Shooting a glance at Mandy, he asked innocently, "With what?".

  "With these giant ben wa's stuffed inside me, you dolt," she hissed at
him, grinning.

  "Why, I, uh..." he looked at Mandy for support.

  "They were his idea, actually," remarked Mandy casually.

  "Oh thanks a lot," Jason shot back.

  Flora looked skyward.  "I might have known," she said. "I hope you two
perverts don't mind helping a helpless lady home, do you?  Mmmm.  I feel
weak in the knees for some reason."  Mandy and Jason each took an arm, and
they sauntered off down the street, three good friends, innocently walking
arm in arm.

  "Oh God," said Flora after about a block, "this is wonderful.  If we 
don't slow down, I think I'm going to come."

  "We're not stopping," Mandy said sternly, "keep walking."

  "I'm walking, I'm walking.  Mmm.  This is VERY nice."

  After another block, she wasn't quite as calm.

  "Oh God," sighed Flora, "oh Mandy.  God, I love you.  Both of you...
Aahh!  Okay, okay, I'm walking... see?  I'm going, just a little bit
further, yeah.  Oh man.  Oh, Mandy, I'm gonna come pretty soon...  
You don't mind, do you?"  She picked up her pace a bit, bobbing up and 
down in an exaggerated strut on her sky-high stiletos.

  "Come on you guys, keep up," she said.  "Oh!  That's it, yeah.  Gonna 
come.  Gonnacomegonnacomegonnacome, jeezuswhatstakingsolong, mmm, mmm, 
come on, that's it, oh, damn!"  She was literally bouncing up and down
now, oblivious to the hazards of trying to skip in high heels.  She 
leaned harder on her two companions for support.  
"Oh, I can't believe this," she panted, "too good, too good, oh, so good,
but not... not.  Quite.  Enough.  Uhh, oh my God.  I can't believe this.
Oh.  Mandy.  What did you do to me?  I can't... I can't... uhhhh!  
Jeezus!  So good, mmm, so good.  Mandy!  You did this!  Why can't I come?
Oh, aauhhg!."

  Mandy looked over at her.  "Keep it down, lover, you'll get us all 
run in!  Why can't you come?  I've no idea.  You'll just have to wait 
'till we get back.  We'll take care of you there, I promise.  Just a 
little further, dear."

  Flora looked frantic.  Her breath came in short gasps, as she looked
desperately from Jason to Mandy and back to Jason, both of whom returned
bland, innocent expressions.  

"Shit," she said, "why do I bother?  Ohhhh, my.  Ohhh, this is too 
wonderful.  I HAVETA come, gotta come.  GottacomeGottacomeGottacome.
Ohhhh, shit. Ah, Ah, Ah.  JeeeZUZ.  I can't believe this.  Can't we stop
for just a sec?  I can't take this, really.  Puh-lease?  Oh, shit.  Oh, 
Mandy.  Jason.  Uh-ng.  Please, let's stop, just for a second."

  "Nope," replied Mandy, "No stopping.  Almost there.  See, it's just 
down the block.  Flora?  Flora!  Flora, goddammit, open your eyes, the 
doorman will think you're a drunken tourist.  And for God's sake, girl, keep
your voice down!"

  "NNNNGGG," answered Flora.  "I'mmmmm tryinnngggg," she muttered
through clenched teeth.

  As they approached the hotel doors, Mandy slowed down, and Flora 
slowly straightened, and even managed to screw her mouth into a 
mechanical smile for the doorman as they walked up the steps. 

  "Just couldn't handle that wonderful ale you have over here," confided
Mandy to the doorman, as they swept past.  

  The doorman smiled understandingly, shaking his head after they were 
gone.  "Bleedin' yank tourists," he muttered.

  Flora whined softly in desperation all through the lobby, then 
complained bitterly in the elevator and the rest of the way to their
room.

  As soon as they reached the safety of their room, Flora exploded.  
"That's it!  I'm not taking another step until you explain why I can't 
seem to come!  I am MORE than excited enough.  I'm so... so hot I can't
stand myself!  Ungh!  Oh, I can't tell you!  Was it some hypnotism thing,
is that it?"

  Mandy looked at Flora placidly.  "I'll let you come as soon as you do
one little thing for me."

  "Yes!  Please!  What is it?  Tell me!"

  "Take your shoes off and do twenty jumping jacks.  Slowly."

  Flora's eyes grew wide.  "Oh, no... I can't..." she said softly.

  "Now."

  "But, I... Okay,  I'll try."

  "Jason," Mandy said, "would you stand behind Flora, in case she falls."
Jason moved.  Flora started, jumping and spreading, jumping and spreading,
her arms windmilling about.
  
  "One, and, two, OHGOD, three, and UH! and five, and,"

  "Flora," said Mandy softly.  Flora slowed down.  

"No, don't slow down.  Just listen to me."

  "...ten, jesus, so good, twelve,"

  "Just listen to the sound of my voice, concentrate on what I say..."

  "...sixteen, oh, Mandy, I'm listening...seventeen, please god, 
eighteen, uhh! nineteen, aaand TWENTY!"

  She grinned triumphantly at Mandy.  Mandy broke a soft smile too.

  "Autoeroticism," she said softly.  For a moment, Flora looked 
confused at the non-sequitur, then a kind of comprehension dawned, and 
finally she took on a look of intense relief.  She sagged backwards 
against Jason as a powerful spasm shook her body, than another.  At first
she remained silent.  Then, as another orgasm overtook her, she let out 
the first of many long sighs and moans.

  "Ahhh, God...  I. Don't. Be. Lieve. It.  Uh! Uh! Uh! So. So. 
Gooooood.  Oh, Mandy....  Oh, Jase, aaahhhnnngggg." 

  Mandy looked up from her watch.  Flora had come almost continuously for
more than a minute before she was finished.

                                   -=*=-

  "I feel icky," said Flora, suddenly realizing she had fallen asleep.  
They had adjourned to the bed to let her rest, Flora lying on her back,
flanked left and right by Mandy and Jason, who had cuddled and stroked
her while she recovered.  Little after-shocks were still trembling 
through her tummy.
  Apparently they too had fallen asleep.  Jason stirred next to her as she
continued talking to the ceiling.  "But I have to admit- that was the 
longest and bestest orgasm I have ever had.  I think.  It's hard to 
remember what something felt like after a long time."  She nudged Mandy
gently.  Mandy started as if unaware she had dozed off.

  "It certainly was fun to watch," Jason said.

  "Mmmm. Thank you Mistress."

  Mandy smiled smugly into Flora's shoulder.  "You're welcome.  So, 
when's the dealers room open?  I want to see what Ellen Shipper has to 
offer this year.  Among others."

  Jason stretched lazily toward the dresser, trying to reach the 
convention schedule without falling out of bed.  He barely made it.  
"Lessee, art show opens at three... here it is- Dealers Room.  Five to 
eight tonight, ten to six tomorrow and Sunday."  He glanced at his watch.
 It's four now, we've got some time to kill."

  "Good!  Flora... it's time for show and tell."

  "You first."

  "Hah!  Uppity slave.  You've already seen- well, FELT, what I bought
for you.  At least, part of it.  It's your turn."

  "Okay."  Flora did the same stretching routine Jason had, trying to
reach her shopping bag without leaving the bed, but she didn't make it.
  She whooped loudly, looking silly.  She twisted as she slid off
the bed, and landed on her ass.  A look of surprise stole over her face,
and her mouth made a large `O'.  "Oof!  Uh, guys, I do NOT recommend
doing that when you have giant Ben-Wa balls inserted in your twat."

  "I'll try to remember," said Jason wryly, "common, show her the you-
know-whats- I want to see the expression on her face."

  Slowly, Flora pulled out of her bag the brightest pieces of rubber 
Mandy had ever seen.  They were just latex stockings, but they were the
loudest shade of fluorescent green imaginable.  When Flora held them up 
in front of her purple skirt, Mandy closed her eyes. 

  "I think I'm getting a headache," she said.

  "Aw, come on," pleaded Flora, "neon is all the rage right now.  I mean,
I'm the one that has to wear them."

  "And I have to look at them.  That is SICK, girl."  Flora pouted.

"Fine, wear them if you must, but NOT when you're around me.  I expressly
forbid it."

  Jason grinned.  "Sick huh?  Coming from you, that's saying something." 
He ducked her swing, barely evading a face-full of pillow.

  "Okay," said Flora, "you hinted you had something else.  Give."

  "Piggy.  You already got your present.  This is for Jason.  Sort of."

  She pulled out a bundle of leather straps with a dildo in the middle
and handed it to him.  It was a head harness, with a hollow dildo
sprouting from the front of the mouth plate, and a sponge stuffed leather
gag on the back.  It wasn't the first time he had seen one, but it was
definitely different from the one Flora had used on him.  This one had a 
few more straps, and some funny-looking small hooks on the straps at the
side of the mouth and chin.  There was another clip, without a hook, 
mounted on the strap at the top of the nose.  The biggest difference 
though, was the fact that the nose area was covered by a rubber molding,
and the dildo was hollow, with holes in it.  They were large holes, with
rounded edges, about a third of the way down the shaft.  It was a little
hard to figure out what the whole thing was meant to accomplish.

  "This is for me, huh?" asked Jason dubiously.  

  "Gee, I like it already," chirped Flora.

  "You would."

  "Don't squabble children, it isn't becoming," chided Mandy.  
"We've got almost an hour until the Dealers room opens, why don't we 
try it on and make sure it fits?  It was custom made, it had better."

  "WE?" asked Jason sarcastically, "I don't think it will fit all of us
at once."

  "Laugh while you can, monkey-boy," intoned Mandy in an odd voice, her
face a mask of mock seriousness.  "C'mere."  She undid a buckle and held
the device open for him.

  Pouting meekly, Jason bowed his head, and she pulled it on.  The
harness, or trainer, or whatever it was, fit pretty much like the other
head harness, the big gag filling his cheeks with the taste of tanned
leather.  He immediately realized that there was a tube through the gag,
and that the only way he could get air was through the holes in the
dildo.  He didn't like the way this was beginning to look.  The air 
whistled in and out through the holes as he breathed, making him feel
a little self-conscious.  

  Well, this is different, he thought.  He wondered what the little 
fixtures were for.  He might have known.

  "Off with the skirt, girl," ordered Mandy.

  "Oh yes ma'am, Mistress ma'am," said Flora, who had begun fingering 
the bumpy crotch of her briefs against herself.  

  "Don't get smart, or I'll tie you in the closet and we'll go without
you.  The briefs, too," she added.  "Now lose the balls."

  Flora pouted, but complied.  Mandy took them from her and put them in
the bathroom sink to be washed later.

  Flora made an interesting picture, nude from the waist to her shoes,
with the hideous purple patent jacket for contrast.  She looked 
expectantly at Mandy.

  "Well?" said Mandy, "get up here."  She patted the bed.  "You," she 
said to Jason, "can get down on the floor where you belong."  Jason
climbed down and knelt by the side of the bed.  Mandy situated Flora
across the bed on her back, shoving the bed toward the wall with the 
dresser.  She had Flora lie flat, her ass hanging over the edge of the 
bed a little, and her heels up on the dressers edge.  "Now be a good 
little slut and rub yourself off for me.  Don't come, either."

  "Come over here."  This directed at Jason.  She maneuvered Jason until
he was sitting in front of Flora's exposed crotch, his legs under the 
bed.

  "Huh.  I oughta do something about those hands," Mandy said.  She
went to their bags, and opened one.  When she pulled leather cuffs and
adjustable straps out of it, Jason remembered that she had promised to 
bring along a play bag.  She attached the straps to the bed legs on the
other side, and using the cuffs, she stretched his ankles out diagonally,
his legs under the bed, pulling him toward Flora.

  "Mmmffm."  Jason eyed Flora's beckoning crotch, her fingers busy on her
clit,  with only limited eagerness.  He knew that he'd be unable to 
breathe if the dildo went in very far.  The rubber molding over his nose
sealed it off completely.  He was a little disappointed at that, because
he'd be unable to smell or taste anything except the leather gag for the
duration.  He stared at her labia rings, and suddenly he knew what the 
fastenings on the trainers straps were for.

  Mandy produced a wide leather belt with attached cuffs, buckled it 
around his waist, and made his wrists fast.  He leaned forward a little,
knowing what had to come next.

  She disappointed him somewhat by turning her attentions to Flora.  She
took another wide belt and two more long adjustable straps from the bag,
fastened the belt around Flora's waist, and the straps between the belt
and the bed legs on Jason's side of the bed.  Next she put a half hood of
leather over Flora's head, blocking her sight.  As an afterthought, she
added Flora's personal stereo headphones, selecting a tape with a hard-
driving dance beat.  Finally, she dribbled a little lube on Flora's busy
fingers.  Flora worked it into her snatch, although it appeared she
hardly needed it.

  "That's enough," chastised Mandy, "remember, I forbade you to come."

  "Now then," she added, turning to Jason's harness, "this may take a 
little fiddling.  I want it just right."  She aligned the dildo 
carefully with Flora's cunt, then shoved his head toward it.  Carefully,
she attached each of the five rings from Flora's outer labia to the
corresponding clip on the straps of Jason's head harness.  There were now
ten rings around his mouth keeping his face nearly buried in Flora's 
crotch.  He had to pull back a little to get air through the dildo.  He 
could see Flora's outer lips stretched taught as he inhaled desperately.  
Despite his nose being almost completely blocked, he caught a whiff of 
her scent- sweaty, musky.

  He heard Flora moan softly from the tugging sensations.
 
  "Don't pull too hard now, boy- wouldn't want to stretch her all out of
shape, would you?"

  Jason was beginning to think that Mandy had forgotten something 
important.  How was he supposed to breathe?  "MMM-MM!" he said as loudly
as he could.  Heard through the breathing tube and gag it wasn't very 
loud.  Mandy looked up sharply at him.

  "Don't panic boy, I know what I'm doing."

  Jason wasn't entirely convinced, but he kept silent, concentrating 
instead on breathing slowly and deeply through the dildo, his heart 
pounding in his chest and his blood rushing in his ears.  He stared at 
Flora's snatch from just inches away, and watched a trickle of sweat inch
it's way down from her belly toward her pussy.  For some reason, the 
words of that general in `Dr. Strangelove' came to him suddenly- 
"Precious bodily fluids..."  For a moment, the whole scene seemed absurd,
as if he had become a bemused outside observer.   

  Mandy's hand was on the back of his head again.  "Take a deep breath,"
she said.  She pushed him inward a little further, and the dildo inched
it's way further between Flora's lips.  He stared at the thick gold ring
through Flora's clit.  Flora's clit was quite a bit smaller than Mandy's.

  Strange that I never noticed that before, he thought.

  Mandy's fingers appeared in his view, pulled on the clit ring, as if 
seeing just how far Flora could be stretched.  

  He heard Flora's corresponding "Aah!  Ooohh, I like, I like," coming
from above.  He also felt his lungs begin the first hints of complaint.  
Well, he thought, trying to stay calm, if I have to smother this way, 
there are worse ways to go...

  Mandy's fingers appeared in front of his eyes, and attached the clip at
his nose to the ring dangling in front of his eyes.  The fingers 
disappeared again.

  Now what do I do, thought Jason.  He backed out slowly, watching the
ring.  There was quite a bit of slack between the length of the clip and 
the rings diameter.  Just as the breathing holes cleared Flora's cunt,
the ring and clip came taught, and started tugging on her clit.  A little
bit more tension, and her lips were stretched taught- he couldn't pull 
back any further.  But at least he could breathe.  Slowed by the small
breathing holes and gag, He pulled in a huge lung full of air.  He wanted
to pleasure Flora, but he wanted to breathe even more.

  He waited until his breathing calmed down, then pushed the dildo
in again on his own.  He felt her thighs move somewhat around him, felt
his head being moved by the harness as she moved her hips. 

  He pulled out again.  Immediately, he felt her hands on his head, 
urging him back in.  But he HAD to get a breath!  He gulped air, and 
plunged in again.  The idea occurred to him that he could probably exhale
while the dildo was inside her.  He pushed his breath out a little.  The 
incredibly obscene sound that resulted made him try to laugh, despite the
fact that he had no air to laugh with.  Flora's hands tightened on his
head and in his hair, and more moans issued from somewhere above.  

 Then he remembered that you weren't supposed to blow into a woman- some 
medical reason or other he had read somewhere.  He went back to breathing
as best he could on alternate strokes, Flora's hands urging him on.  It
occurred to him that Flora probably wasn't aware of his breathing
problem, and would just go on shoving his face into her.

  He couldn't see what Mandy was doing.  Probably just watching and
jilling off, he thought.

  Finally, Flora's thighs clamped around his head, immobilizing him, and
as he struggled desperately for air, he felt her shudder in a single, 
brief orgasm.  




				part 3

  "I still think it's unfair- I haven't gotten off all day," complained
Jason.  The three of them were walking down the hall toward the 
elevators.

  "Oh I don't know," retorted Mandy, as the elevator- `lift' she
reminded herself- arrived, "you seemed to be enjoying yourself."

  "You know what I mean," Jason answered, "I'm still..." 
He paused as an elderly couple in fancy clothes passed them. He didn't 
think they were likely to approve of the topic at hand.  He wondered
what they thought of all the wild-looking members of the Skin Two 
convention.

"...horny," he finished, as the elevator arrived.  It was empty.

  "It goes without saying," Mandy replied, "you're a male, you suffer 
from testosterone poisoning.  Tuck your collar in," she added.

 Flora had put her purple rubber miniskirt back on, along with the
strappy pumps, but Mandy had insisted that Jason didn't look submissive
enough for her tastes.  To his relief, she hadn't made him change into
anything TOO embarrassing, although he now sported a boned leather 
posture collar, festooned with d-rings.  He fingered the straps to see
what Mandy was talking about, and found one that had not been buckled 
properly.  He tucked it in.
   
 The elevator doors opened, and a fascinating sight greeted them.  The 
lobby was full of leather and rubber-clad people, of all shapes, sizes, 
and descriptions.  Apparently, quite a few convention members had shown
up while they were upstairs.  The range of clothing and gear was amazing,
too.  A few wore nothing more outre than a leather motorcycle jacket with
jeans, while others were decked out in full fetish regalia.

 Jason noted one woman in particular who was negotiating the busy lobby
carefully on a pair of unlikely-looking platform pumps whose skyscraper
stiletto heels must have been fully twelve inches tall.  With her upper
torso and arms tightly encased in a laced patent leather body binder, 
she was lucky to have the support of her female escort who stood beside 
her and held one protective arm around her waist.

 "Good grief!" exclaimed Flora, "if this is any sign, this'll be twice 
the size of last years con'."

 "That's because they didn't advertise last year, remember?" answered 
Mandy.  "It was invitation only."

 Jason looked startled. "You mean you guys have been to one of these 
before?  Why didn't you tell me?"

 "You didn't ask," retorted Flora.  Mandy just grinned at him.  They
pressed through the crowds lining up in front of the registration desk,
grateful that they had been registered since yesterday.  A sign at the
doors into the event area pointed the way toward the dealers room, and 
they moved in that direction as best they could through the press of
bodies.  Jason was amazed and delighted to be surrounded by what seemed
like hundreds of people, all with an apparent interest in bondage,
discipline, and various fetishes.

 Eventually, they arrived at the dealers room, where a leather-uniformed
police officer checked their convention name-badges, to verify that they
weren't just curiosity seekers off the street. At closer range, it 
became obvious that while said officer looked tall and imposing in his 
black leather state-trooper uniform, he bore no badge, his shoulder 
insignia were actually membership patches for the National Leather 
Association of America, and his prominent belly was almost certainly 
non-regulation.  After checking their badges, he tipped his hat to the 
ladies, and stepped out of the way.

 The inside of the dealers room was positively wedged with bodies- 
bodies of every conceivable shape, sex, and size, covered (more or less)
in every conceivable fetishey material, and some that had certainly never
occurred to Jason.  The first table on their right, just inside the door,
was covered in pamphlets and tended by a serious-looking young man 
dressed in spandex.  Mandy took a pamphlet absent-mindedly, while Flora 
and Jason ogled the sights.  Mandy appeared to be searching the room for
something.

 "Well, I'm not going to just stand here," declared Flora, "Come on!"
This last directed at Jason.  Jason followed, calling over his shoulder
to Mandy, "Meet you back here in an hour?" while Flora tugged his hand.

 In short order, both Flora and Jason were in seventh heaven.  The 
merchandise on display was the best bondage and discipline equipment, 
fetish and bondage-oriented clothing and accessories that England and 
Europe had to offer.  Every table and booth was chock full of the most
ornate and finely-crafted items, made from polished wood, stainless 
steel, leather, and rubber, and not a few substances Jason was hard-put
to identify.  

 The two of them stared, fascinated, as a young couple representing 
Talley Girl Products, demonstrated their wares, which appeared to be 
primarily elaborate and expensive chastity devices.  The woman, who 
possessed an incredibly small and obviously corseted waist, had a male 
model to demonstrate on, while her male partner manipulated the equipment
on a woman.  The two models were in no position to complain, as their
forearms were strapped behind them to the display framework,
and their heads were totally enclosed in tightly laced black leather
discipline helmets.  Jason realized now why the event was restricted to
adults, as the man dropped the skirt from his models waist, leaving her
bare.  He held up a complex-looking device, made from shiny black rubber 
and polished stainless steel, in front of his audience.  

 "Now these pants," the man was saying, "are quite a bit more expensive,
but they offer several more rather nice features."  He held them open 
for all to see.  "You see, there is the same silicone rubber dildo in 
the front, which is removable and washable, and comes in a variety of 
sizes and shapes.  This dildo can of course, be interchanged with 
vibrating or inflatable versions as well.  The rear is where it gets 
interesting, however."

 From his accent, Jason guessed the man was from Germany, although he 
spoke the Queen's English as if he were born with it.  He took a card
from the table, as the man continued.

 "This device is a short, five-sided anal speculum, built into the seat.
When the pants are being worn, one simply twists the two rings with these
two tools.  Once expanded, there is sufficient friction built in that
the rings cannot be turned without the leverage of the tools, making it 
quite impossible for the slave to remove."  
 
 Jason watched with rapt attention, as the gadget opened, like the 
strangely curved petals of some alien metal flower.

 "Note," continued the man, "that since the rings have wide openings, the
slave is free to ahh, eliminate through the device, while enjoying the 
sensation of having their ass filled and stretched wide."  He twisted the
tools, and the speculum closed again.  When closed, it had the appearance
and shape of a rounded dildo.  "This device is custom made in our
shop, and since it has six curved sections, with softly rounded edges, it
will never pinch or abrade your slaves rear end.  Also notice that the 
front and rear accessories are joined by an external strap of stainless 
steel, stiffening the crotch between them.  The reason for this will 
become apparent in a moment.  There are one or two more features, but I 
think it best if I simply demonstrate."  

 He stepped back to his model, and lifting each foot in turn, pulled the 
shorts onto her.

 "In the interest of entertainment value," he went on, "I think I'll swap
this for the inflatable version."  He unscrewed the dildo and replaced it
with another, nearly identical-looking one, having a short valve stem, 
which protruded from the threaded fitting in the front of the crotch. 

 "A little lube front and rear," added the demonstrator, "and she's 
ready."  He pulled up the shorts, while easing the steel speculum into
her rear, and the dildo into her front opening.  Jason thought he saw a
perceptible shudder run through the model, as the cold steel entered her.

 "Now I just turn the rings," the man said, "and she'll find her ass
distractingly full.  You need to practice with this, so that you know
just how big it becomes when the rings are turned a given amount.  Let's 
fill up her front now, shall we?"  

 He attached a bulb inflator to the fitting in front, and after several 
squeezes, managed to evoke a certain amount of wiggling and swaying in 
his captive manikin.

 "Now... remember that steel reinforcement in the crotch?  That simple 
addition now prevents her from expelling the front plug, since it is 
leveraged against the speculum in her ass.  The drainage holes in front,
and wide open rear make it possible to wear this little wonder for 
literally days at a time, although we don't recommend it for more than
twenty-four hours.  Now then, while it is secure, and can't be removed,
it might still be possible for busy little fingers to relieve their 
owner, thus the steel straps around the thighs and waist.  Once locked 
with a few small luggage padlocks, there'll be no relief from that
direction.  That leaves one problem area, massaging through the thick 
rubber itself."
  
 He demonstrated by pressing his fingers into the tight rubber covering
the crotch of his subject, eliciting more wiggling from his model.  
Jason thought he might have heard a moan from inside the skin tight 
helmet, but it was impossible to be sure in the noise of the crowd.

 "There is a pocket attached to the front of the shorts," the man went 
on, "and extending right down to the front accessory fixture.  One need 
merely insert this curved piece of stainless steel, and voila!  The 
crotch becomes rigid and inaccessible."
While several people actually applauded, he stood back from his model,
and began handing out color brochures and business cards, blithely 
ignoring the swaying hips and twitching legs of his model.

 Jason turned away, and found Flora grinning at him, a brochure clasped
tightly in her hand, and a glazed look in her eye.  She leaned close 
enough to make herself heard over the din of the crowd, and said, "Guess
what I want for Christmas?"

 The next table that really grabbed their attention had another small
crowd gathered around it.  When they managed to migrate to the front,
they saw why.  A man was applying plaster bandages to a seated womans
head and shoulders, answering questions from the audience while he 
worked. "NO, NO!" he said, "we don't form the metal while the person
is IN there, we make a mold of their head, and form the metal into THAT.
You need a negative mold anyway."

 It soon became clear that this company was using a technique they
called "explosive metal forming" to make precise, form-fitting helmets
out of stainless steel, that when finished, would fit the owner like
a second skin.  The customer he was molding now had asked for a special
version that included a mold of the neck and shoulders, so that when the
two halves of the finished product were clamped on, it would totally
immobilize the head.  Flora and Jason stared for a moment, remembering
the fantastic boots that Mr. Dodds had brought during his last visit.
They hadn't fit Flora, but they had fit Jason perfectly...

 Rounding the corner of the next aisle, they nearly ran into Mandy.

 "Oh good," she exclaimed, grabbing Flora by the wrist, "come on, I've
got something I want to try, er, show you."
 
  Jason followed reluctantly, having just spotted a booth where liquid
latex was being painted onto a bald womans head.  After weaving through
half a dozen aisles, Mandy stopped them in front of an undecorated and
rather unremarkable-looking booth.  RimaWear Incorporated, declared the
small sign on the back wall of the booth, and one gentleman, dressed in
rather mundane coveralls, stood behind the counter.  His entire stock in
trade seemed to be either brassieres, or breast-bondage equipment, 
depending on how you looked at it.  Dozens of unusual items lined the
three walls of his booth.

 "Ahh, Mandy!" he exclaimed as they approached, "perfect timing!  This 
is the first break I've had all day.  Is this the young lady in 
question?"  He nodded in Flora's direction.

 "Hello, Hatchet," replied Mandy, "Yep, she's the one."  She grinned over
at Flora.  "What do you say love, are you up for some tit-play?"

  Flora feigned distress for all of five seconds.  "Here?  Now?  In front
of God, Freud, and everyone?  Weelll, okay!"  

 "Actually," said `Hatchet', "there's a curtain here, we can close off
the back of the shop..."

 "Yeah," interrupted Flora, "there's a curtain- we can close off the 
back of the shop."  

 "That WON'T be necessary, WILL it?" retorted Mandy, with a quick glare
at her slave.

 Flora didn't quite succeed in looking subdued.  "No, ma'am," she 
answered.  Jason just spotted the faintly amused grin she shot at him 
through lowered eyes.

  Mandy turned back to Hatchet. "She doesn't know it yet, but she wants
to try them out... all of them."

 Flora shot an alarmed look at Mandy, but allowed her mistress to guide
her into the booth along with Jason, after Hatchet raised the hinged 
counter top.

  "Okay."  Hatchet looked at Mandy... looked back at Flora. "Sure."  
He took Flora's chest measurement, grunted to himself, and grabbed the 
nearest of the unusual contraptions.  "Well, she's big enough for one 
of these to work... 'ere then, this one should fit," he said.  

 "Lose the jacket," ordered Mandy.  In a moment, Flora stood facing the
rear of the shop, nude to the waist, her face rapidly flushing, and her
breathing deepening.

 "You're pierced, that's luck," observed Hatchet.  He reached for one
ring, glanced at Mandy. "May I?"

 "Of course," she answered.

 Hatchet examined the two loops with their twin pearls appreciatively, 
while Flora gazed steadily at Mandy, embarrassed, but loving it.

"Nice work.  Might have to replace 'em with rings for one of my toys,
though."  He fitted the cups of the new bra-like gadget to Flora, while
describing it's features.

"This 'ere is an inflatable bondage bra.  Once we've got 'er in it, we 
just firm up the back and the straps a bit- completely adjustable, see?  
You want it plenty tight, for it to work.  It's a good job she's got big
ones, this is no good on the smaller girls.  Oh, and if you want her to 
keep it on, you just drop a little padlock through one of the strap 
holes, this side of the buckle."
 
 The bra was certainly unusual enough.  The cups were transparent latex,
which had a slight amber color, but the rest was reinforced black rubber,
with a thick, rounded portion surrounding each cup.  A small tire valve
protruded from the back of one strap, and a bulge was visible within
the strap, indicating a tube of some kind.  Flora's slowly erecting 
nipples and decorated rings were clearly visible through the transparent
film of the cups.

 "Now then, the next time you want her to look her best, just 
pump it up."  Here he attached a small puffer bulb to the valve and gave
it a dozen or so pumps.  In short order, Flora's breasts underwent a 
bizarre transformation.  The black portion framing the cups was evidently
hollow.  It slowly swelled and stiffened, raising her tits slightly, and 
squeezing them into the transparent cups.  Flora's eyes widened, and her
chest began to rise and fall somewhat more rapidly.

 "So, and then the next time she's really bad," continued Hatchet, "you 
can really put the pressure on."  He smiled at Mandy.  "Go on, give it a 
try."

 Eagerly, Mandy grabbed the bulb and squeezed repeatedly.  The bra
didn't get much larger on the outside, but Flora's breasts were obviously
being constricted for they swelled forward considerably, stretching the 
thin latex of the cups.  Flora was breathing rather hard now, and the 
flush had spread down her neck to her chest.  She remained silent, 
staring fixedly at Mandy, who stared back intently, the corners of her 
mouth only hinting at a smile.  

 Mandy kept pumping slowly.

 Flora's breasts now bulged absurdly out through the inflated rings of
the device, looking not so much like breasts as oddly shaped gourds.
The bra was apparently putting some uncomfortable pressure on her, for 
she winced occasionally, yet the only other signs she gave were a 
deepening of her breathing, and opening her mouth.  Jason noted that her
nipples were still prominently erect, although flattened somewhat by the 
tightly stretched cups of the bra.  Feeling rather self-conscious, he 
looked over his shoulder to the front of the booth.  To his relief, no 
panting crowd had gathered to watch, and while an occasionally passerby
stopped to examine the wares pictured in the albums on the counter, they 
only glanced at the goings-on in the back of the booth.  They might have 
been interested indeed, but apparently were polite enough not to intrude.

 Slowly, Mandy reached out one cocked finger, and snapped Flora's nipple
through the thinly stretched rubber.  Flora gasped audibly, and looked 
wide-eyed at Mandy, not saying anything with her voice, yet sending an 
unmistakable message with her body and eyes.  Slowly, she raised her 
hands, looking the question at Mandy, who nodded.  Flora looked down, 
for the first time at her painfully distended breasts, fascinated.  She 
reached up and traced a finger over each nipple, shuddering slightly.
When she started to cup each breast with her whole hand, Mandy finally
broke the silence.

 "No."  She moved Flora's hands back by her side, while Flora bit her
lip. "That's enough.  We'll take it.  What's next?"

 Hatchet deflated and removed the device from Flora, who somehow managed
to look both relieved and disappointed, Jason thought.

 "Yes, well, THIS is an interesting line I came up with last month.  Got 
the idea from a short story in > magazine."  He held up a bra that
might have been right at home on the set of Barbarella.  The body was
again made of black rubber, but each bullet-shaped cup had been molded
in clear acrylic plastic.  As he showed it around, Jason saw that each
cup also had a thin latex gasket glued to it's rim, and that the 
exaggerated nipples molded into the cups were actually smaller cups in 
themselves, maybe half an inch by one inch, with small chromed valves at
the tips.

 "You'll want to remove her loops for this one," said Hatchet to Mandy,
and began digging through a trunk.  

"Damn, where's that lube got to," he muttered.  Finally he surfaced with 
a bottle of lubricating gel.  He lubricated the latex rims and the entire
inside surface of each cup, then fitted them over Flora's breasts, 
wrapping the straps around and fastening them in back.

 "From that last performance," he went on, "I'd say her tits are more
sensitive than most girls- that's good, it seems a waste to sell my toys
to some big-chested woman who can't feel anything but pain."

 "She's pretty sensitive, alright," confirmed Mandy.  For the first time
since they had entered the shop she grinned just slightly at Jason, who
grinned back.  He knew very well how sensitive Flora was, but he also
knew that Mandy too, could be aroused to a frenzy by breast-play.  He
wondered how Mandy would react if he told the man, then thought better
of it.

 "Now then," continued Hatchet, "just attach the pump, and have at it."
He had a more aggressive pump this time, the sort of thing used on those
bogus `penis enlargers', sold in novelty stores.  As he stroked it, 
Flora's right tit swelled visibly as the skin was sucked into the partial
vacuum.  Flora moaned very softly, but stopped at a sharp glance from 
Mandy.  It was obvious from Flora's expression of barely concealed 
smugness that she was enjoying the sensation.   Hatchet repeated the 
procedure with her other breast.  Eventually, both breasts were squeezed
out to fill their cups completely, pressing up tightly against the clear 
plastic, and forcing them into the same bullet shape as the cups.  Her 
nipples could be seen trying to swell out into the smaller cups at the 
tips of the cups.

 Jason glanced at Flora's face.  Her faint smile was gone, replaced with
a faint expression of concern.  Her mouth was open, and as he watched,
the pink tip of her tongue showed enough to lick her lips once, twice.

 "This is where it gets interesting," added Hatchet.  "Watch her 
nipples."  He continued pumping and as he did, Flora's nipple swelled 
even further, the areola stretching, until it had swelled to the size
of a finger and filled the nipple cup.  In very short order, he had the
other teat pumped out as well.  Flora was breathing quite deeply again,
and was obviously in some discomfort, although if Jason had to guess, he
would have bet money that she wouldn't want it to stop.

 "There!" exclaimed Hatchet, "A work of art.  I should add, that if you 
leave them on on too long, you'll get some slight hemorrhaging around the
nipples, although a little won't hurt her.  And if you pump 'em up this
much very often, they'll actually increase the size of her nipples over 
time.  Personally, I consider that a feature, not a bug."  He chuckled.

 Mandy walked around Flora, whose frontage now had the appearance of a 
1954 Cadilac, if Cadilac bullet bumpers had been made of clear 
acrylic tightly filled with swollen breasts.  She looked at the price
tag hanging from one strap.

 "Why so much?" she asked, nonplused.

 Hatchet shrugged.  "Believe it or not," he said, "they are more labor-
intensive than the inflatables.  I have to cast the acrylic by hand."

 "Hmm.  Okay, we'll take this one too."

 Hatchet smiled.  "Hey, if you guys are going to buy out everything I 
brought today, I'm going to close up and do some shopping myself."
Jason doubted he would be closing, since the walls of the booth were
still festooned with gadgetry and clothing articles.

 Mandy ignored his comment for the moment and instead `deflated' 
Flora's tits.  This time, Flora's look of relief seemed genuine.  
"What else have you got?" Mandy inquired, unstrapping the bullet bra 
from her slave.

 "Well, your usual breast-vices and clamps, nipple clamps... Oh hell, 
I almost forgot."  He pulled down yet another brassiere-shaped 
contrivance from a hook.  I don't get much call for these, since not 
everyone is pierced."

 What he held up looked less like a foundation garment for humans than
one for robots.  There were two recognizable breast cups, formed from 
chrome-plated, curved metal rods, and like the acrylic pump-up bra, 
these had extra space over the nipples.  But there the similarity ended.
At the bottom front of each cup was a small chrome-plated device, like 
a motor, from which wire leads hung.  The whole exotic framework was 
supported in a beautifully-worked black leather harness.
 
 "This one was custom- they don't all look as fancy.  The buyers moved
though, and I've never heard from them since.  I call it the Tit-ilator.
It looked so fancy after the chrome job I had to give it a name."
Mandy gave Jason a long-suffering look, to which Jason grinned.
 
 "If you have some plain beaded rings for her tits," added Hatchet, "we 
can get started."

 It turned out that the rest of Flora's piercing jewelry was in the room,
so Jason was dispatched to fetch it, while Mandy and Hatchet chatted 
about tit-bondage, nipple-torture, and slaves in general.  Jason was back
in less than ten minutes, apparently as eager as Mandy to see the fancy
mechanism put to work on Flora's long-suffering breasts.

 Once Mandy had put the rings through, she helped Hatchet strap the 
gadget onto Flora.  Jason saw that the spacing of the rods forming the 
cups was closer together on the bottom than the top, and that they 
actually supported Flora fairly well. 

 "Now then," said Hatchet, "these little cranks are attached to the gear
motors, and the position of these sliders on the cranks are set by little
set-screws, see?  The sliders have o-rings, kind of like heavy-duty 
rubber bands, with hooks on 'em.  What you do is, you rotate the crank 
around like this, until it points away from the nip."  He held up a small
control box which he plugged the motor leads into.  "You need the speed 
turned all the way down."  Next he reached his fingers between the bars
of one cup and snagged Flora's nipple ring.  "Now, pull the nipple out 
until you can get it over the hook... then pull the slider out until she 
can't stand it."  

 Jason peered around Flora to watch.  As Hatchet pulled on the tiny 
slider, the o-ring/rubber-band came taught, then stretched slightly,
while Flora groaned.  He stared at the amazing gadget as Hatchet repeated
the procedure with the other nipple.  Once again, Flora's eyes were
closed, and she had begun to breath heavily.

 "Now then," Hatchet continued, "this knob sets the speed, and here's the
on-off switch."  He handed the control box to Mandy.  "If you'll do the 
honors?"

 Mandy switched it on, and immediately, the tiny gearmotors turned, 
rotating their cranks, alternately tugging and releasing Flora's
nipple rings.  Flora moaned again, louder.  Mandy shut off the box.
It had not escaped Jason's attention that she left the speed set at
minimum.

                                    -=O=-

 By the time they left Hatchet's stall, Flora had regained her composure,
and was chatting merrily away.

 "Oh God, Mandy, I can't wait to try these out some more- they're 
wonderful!  Except... well... what worries me is that they can all pretty
much be overdone, you know?  I mean, when he pumped out that bullet bra,
I thought he'd be milking blood- it was really starting to hurt!  God, my 
nipples are so sensitive now, I wish I still had one on!  At least then,
my jacket wouldn't be rubbing and driving me nuts," and on and on in a
continuous stream until Mandy wheeled about and put her finger to Flora's
lips.  She smiled thinly.

 "Flora.  Dear.  You are driving ME nuts.  Kindly shut up.  Or would you
like me to start shopping for a pair of tongue stocks?"  Flora silenced.

 Jason chuckled to himself, but checked it at a sharp glance from Mandy.

                                    -=O=-

 They found the Ellen Schiffer booth near the back of the huge room,
where Ellen was signing autographed pictures of herself modeling her own
fantastic creations, while a pair of drop-dead gorgeous models handed out
her new color catalog.

 Ellen was her own best model and was, as usual, dressed more-or-less 
head to toe in latex.  Her minidress was quite tight, showing off her 
undoubtedly corseted waist, and was made in a striking pattern of 
diagonal black and white panels.  Several dressmakers dummies as well
as the two female assistants, showed off more of her designs.

 After Mandy, Flora and Jason had drooled over the vast array of patterns
and designs in the photo albums and catalogs, Ellen came over to greet
them.
 
 "Hello," she said in an amazingly low contralto voice, "is there
anything I can help you with?"  Jason decided that if it weren't for
Mandy, he might have fallen hard for this woman.

 "Well," he started, cleared his throat, and started again, "well, I was
admiring that dress your model is wearing... no, the redhead... could
we take a close look... thank you.  I was wondering whether all those
straps were decorative, or ah, functional."

 Ellen looked pleased.  "Yes, yes," she said, "I'd be happy to 
demonstrate.  Cheryl, would you step up here please?  Thank you."
Cheryl stepped onto a low platform perhaps twelve inches high, revealing
a beautiful pair of red patent knee-high boots, with at least five inch
stiletto heels.  After a double-take, Jason noticed that the boots were
heavily boned, like corsets, making them quite rigid from sole to knee.

 Ellen guided Cheryl's feet so that her toes went into toe clips, and the
heels of the boots fit into sockets.  She tightened thumbscrews on the 
sockets, and Cheryl's boots were now firmly fixed to the platform.
 
 The platform must have been mounted with a lazy susan because Ellen
easily rotated Cheryl around by the shoulders to show off the features of
the dress.  It was an elegant, long-sleeved, ankle-length evening gown in
red leather- what Jason called whore-house red.  The top section featured 
fitted bust cups with zippers, allowing each to be removed.  The rest of 
the front was decorated with straps and buckles across it, from just 
under the bust all the way to the ankles, while the back of the skirt had
a heavy zipper from waist to hemline, which was open to mid-thigh.  The 
open zipper relieved the size of the skirt section enough that the model
could walk in it.  Two more heavy zippers were attached to the sleeves, 
which fit quite snugly.  The mating halves of the zips ran down the back 
from the shoulders to roughly the small of the back.  If that wasn't 
enough, a row of eyelets ran down the center of the back, with lacing
threaded very loosely between them.

 "You see," said Ellen, "by zipping down the back, the sleeves become a
kind of single-glove, binding the arms to the back of the dress."  She
demonstrated, and soon had the models arms immobilized behind her. 

 The model, Jason noted, continued to smile placidly, just like a model.

 "Moreover," continued Ms. Schiffer, "the skirt zips closed and becomes
in essence, a hobble skirt, which may be tightened by means of these
straps at the front."  She worked her way down the dress, tightening the 
straps viciously.  When she was done, the model was quite immobilized, 
her legs pressed firmly together by the dress-cum-body-binder.

 Ellen unzipped and removed the bust cups, revealing the girls smallish
breasts.  She paused to cup one rounded tit momentarily, then moved to 
the back again.  Jason saw that one of the girls nipples was pierced, 
with a barbell through it, and wondered where Ms. Schiffer got her 
models... he doubted it was from the usual agencies.

 "The lacing across the back serves to improve sloppy posture," she said,
demonstrating by tightening the lacing.  Sure enough, the models 
shoulders were pulled back even further, and her breasts were thrust out
more enthusiastically.  Her Barbie doll smile never wavered.

 "Ta-daa!" cried the owner, and the little audience that had gathered for
her demo applauded, then slowly melted back into the throng as she 
unlaced, unstrapped, and unzipped her model.

 "So," Ellen said to Mandy as she helped her model down from the stand,
"what do you think?"

 "I'm impressed.  I've never seen any of your leather things- it's a new
line for you isn't it?  But I don't think my slaves are really worthy of 
your talents."  She smiled at Flora and Jason, who were trying hard to
look offended.  "Actually," she continued, "I was looking for something 
dramatic for myself."

 "For the ball tomorrow?" asked Ellen.

 "Actually, I've brought a wardrobe... I didn't think you'd be able to 
make anything overnight..."

 "You might be surprised, but it's usually best to take our time."

 "Yah.  Anyway, I'm sort of looking for something... different... 
something that not only looks good... but is stimulating to the wearer,
too.  Well, not TOO stimulating... I don't want to collapse on the dance
floor!"  The two women laughed, while Ellen dragged out several more 
folders of sketches and photographs.  The two began poring over the
designs.

 Jason touched Mandy's shoulder.  "Umm, Mandy?  If you're going to be
here a while, do you mind if we look around?"

 "Hmm?"  Mandy didn't even bother to look up from the design that Ellen 
was quickly and deftly sketching.  "Oh.  Sure."

 Jason and Flora headed off, Flora in the lead.




                                   Part 4

 While Mandy oohed and ahhed over Ellen's designs, Flora and Jason headed
off through the convention dealer's room to see what other delights the 
place might hold for the kinky shopper. 

 Almost immediately, Jason saw something that nearly made him collapse 
with silent laughter.  At Flora's questioning look, he pointed.  The 
elderly couple they had earlier noticed coming off the elevator were now
browsing the dealers room, dressed in matching outfits of black and white 
vinyl!   The lady caught Jason looking at them, and nodding in 
recognition, smiled at them politely.

 Flora and Jason continued on their way, with bemused expressions on 
their faces.

 Many of the tables on this side of the room appeared to be for mobile
"clubs" and social organizations, which surprised Jason, since he had 
expected such groups to adopt a low profile since the notorious
Spanner Case.  After talking with several party organizers however, they
discovered that at least here in England, the pervy crowd had opted to 
fight back with pride and public presence.  In doing so, it was hoped 
that they would not be so easily dismissed as a "lunatic fringe" by the 
relatively conservative local media.

 Finally, they began seeing more interesting booths and tables.  Tugging
his arm, Flora pulled him over to one that he'd missed.  The owner 
appeared to be selling sculpture, since the centerpiece of her display 
was a lifelike, ebony statue of a woman.  Most of the other shoppers
merely glanced at the statue and moved on.  When Flora showed more 
interest, the woman got up from her stool and introduced herself.

 "Hi, I'm Lori," she said, offering a hand to Flora, while giving Jason
the once-over-lightly.  "Are you interested in a cocoon?" she asked.

 "Well, I..." faltered Flora, shooting a puzzled look at Jason.

 "You mean, waitaminute- that's not a statue?" Jason interrupted.  

 "A cocoon, as I said.  My lover is inside.  Don't worry- she's fine,
just immobilized rather thoroughly.  Since each one is made from a mold
of the person's body, it is a perfect custom fit... and quite snug."
 
 Jason took a closer look at the cocoon.  It was jet black, and polished
to a high gloss.  Tall and sculpted realistically in the form of a thin 
yet attractive nude woman, the sculpture was possessed of an almost
surreal beauty.  She had slender almost boyish hips; small, rather 
pointed breasts, and long, muscular legs.  She looked like a dancer, and
he said so.

 "She is.  Or was rather, now she's a maid, more or less," Lori replied.

 "What, er, what is it made of?" asked Flora, who already had a gleam in
her eye.

 "Fiberglass reinforced resin.  The base on this one is marble, although
we usually make it from finished wood.  The fiberglass is nearly a 
centimeter thick, so it is quite heavy.  On the plus side, it's almost 
completely soundproof.  Here, take a flyer."  She handed each of them a 
color brochure containing pictures of the manufacturing process.  While
they read, and looked over the pictures, she continued.

 "As you can see, we first make a full body plaster cast of the subject.
That's a lot of fun, even if it's not as useful as the finished item."

 Jason and Flora exchanged looks.  They had both had the titillating, if
somewhat frightening experience of full body casts not so very long ago.

 "Then, a positive is cast using steel-reinforced Hydrocal, which gives 
us a sturdy form, an exact duplicate of the slave.  The fiberglass is
laid up on that.  That last picture there shows some options we made for
a recent customer in the U. S.- interchangeable bust cups with various 
devices built in, head fittings, crotch accessories, and so on.  The 
version I brought here is pretty basic- it's one of the first we ever
made.  Oh and of course, you can have your choice of color, too.  
  We're seriously thinking of offering one in transparent acrylic plastic 
but it would be hideously expensive and about twice as much work."

 Jason nodded toward the `statue'.  "How long do you keep her in there?"

 "Depends on my mood- and hers.  And how good she's been."  She glanced
at her watch.  "Right now, she's going on seven hours."

 "SEVEN HOURS?" exclaimed Jason.  He realized he'd nearly shouted and 
immediately looked sheepish.  "Well, I mean, that seems like a long time 
for something that severe." 

 "It isn't necessarily severe at all- it's quite comfortable really,
since it conforms to her body exactly."  She grinned.  "Which is not
to say it can't be MADE unpleasant, or for that matter, pleasurably
distracting- there are a few options, even on this model."  She was
obviously warming to her subject, no doubt recognizing a pair of
potential customers when she saw them.
 
 She moved to the `statue' and pointed out various features as she 
lectured.  "The natural curves of the human body made hinges quite 
impossible, so we had some small latches designed- they run down each
side.  They're morticed into the edges, so they're not very noticeable. 
 The edges are made with tongue-and-groove construction, and a neoprene
gasket runs around the entire perimeter, making for a water-tight, and 
for all practical purposes air-tight, seal.  For that reason, we will 
not ship a cocoon without both mouth and nose openings, since otherwise,
it's impossible to tell whether your slave is in trouble, or even 
breathing."  
 
 She took out a small mirror from under the counter and held it below
the nose of the tall form.  When she showed it to them, Jason saw mist
quickly disappearing on the glass.  This produced a powerful reaction in
him that he couldn't quite explain the source of, but the result was
plain.  He shifted his stance, to hide his growing excitement.  It was
as if, until she'd produced the mirror, the discussion had all been 
theoretical, but now, faced with proof that there was indeed a living, 
breathing person inside that ebony sculpture, someone who had the same 
beautiful shape as the exterior, he experienced a unique, empathic 
thrill.

 "As I was saying," Lori went on, "there are a few features that I 
think of as standard, even though we've only made a few of these so far.
 Although you can't see it, the crotch has places where vibrators, 
butt-plugs and so on can be fitted, and..." she inserted a small tool
from her pocket into the statue's navel, "the entire crotch can be 
removed completely, granting access to the slave's genitals."  Lori 
pulled at the crotch, and a narrow curved section, extending from just 
below the navel to the bottom of the buttocks, now came away in her 
hands.  The seams were so finely matched, that they had been invisible
until she had opened the panel.

 She pulled it down with exaggerated slowness, and soon they saw why.  
Attached to it's inner surface, and presumably being withdrawn from the
woman inside, was a tremendous, tapering plug that seemed entirely too 
long and thick for the scale of the slender statue.  At it's base it had 
to be at least four inches in diameter, it's tapered length appeared
roughly ten inches long, and the blunt, rounded end seemed reminiscent of
a golf ball.  As she set the plate aside, long slimy strands of some 
stringy, artificial lubricant stretched between the panel and where
it had just been, as if the statue were reluctant to give up that which 
had recently been so intimately connected with it.  Removing the panel
revealed a small patch, perhaps fore inches wide, of a naked, hairless
mons.  A faint gleam hinted at piercings or some other hardware, nestled
between her lips.

 Jason glanced at Flora, and they shared a wide-eyed, disbelieving 
look.  Neither could quite believe that that giant dong had been inside a
real person.  

 When they looked back, Lori was sitting on the stool close to the 
statue, donning a black latex opera-length glove, and squeezing 
lubricant onto it.  She smeared it liberally over the glove, then paused
theatrically to smile at her visitors.  

 "I suspect my Amy is loose enough by now, wouldn't you think?"  

 Jason and Flora just gaped back as Lori turned and began easing her 
fingers inside the rear end of the statue.  In the space of ten seconds, 
her hand had disappeared.  She appeared to be moving her fingers, because
they could see the muscles in her forearm working.  Lori returned their 
stares with a slight smile.  She leaned a little closer to her work, and 
moved her arm up.  To Jason's utter amazement, after a little working and
slow movements back and forth, Lori had her arm inside the statue up to 
her elbow.  Even taking into account the fact the Lori's arm was
considerably smaller than his, he was quite taken aback, and for a 
flashing instant, had a vision of what the person inside must be
experiencing.

 Lori spoke for the first time in several minutes.  "It's very tight-
there's almost no room inside for her body to expand."  She moved her 
other hand up and began manipulating the occupant's front with a single 
pinky finger, which she worked in between the labia.  After a few 
moments, she sped up her hand motion, then stopped.  After a moment, she
slowly, very slowly, eased out her other arm and hand.

 "There," she said, looking quite pleased with herself as she stripped
off the long rubber glove.  "That will be her fourth orgasm since she
went inside this morning- and one she won't soon forget, I imagine.  
So-" she looked Flora steadily in the eye, "-think you're ready for one?"

 "An orgasm?" interjected Jason.

 "No idiot," Flora shot back, "one of those."  She looked nervously from
Lori to Jason to the statue, and back to Lori again. 
 
 "Well, actually, it does sound fun, but... well, it would be up to my, 
um, our, mistress."  She looked down at the table, then up at Lori 
through lowered eyelashes- her best submissive look.  Jason had to
struggle to suppress his laughter.

 "Of course, of course," soothed Lori, "don't you worry your pretty 
little head about it."  She smiled as a cat might smile at a bird she
was planning to have for lunch.

"Just give her one of my cards, won't you?"  She handed Flora a plain
white business card.  

                       SARCOPHAGUS 
                       INCORPORATED
 
                    Lori  Nielson, prop.

 "Thanks," Flora managed to stammer.

 "Yes, thanks," added Jason, "but we've really got to get going..."
Flora stared fascinated over her shoulder at the cocoon, as Jason 
nearly dragged her away.

                                -=O=-

 They walked slowly away from the Sarcophagus Incorporated table,
both of them slightly dazed.  After a moment, Jason broke the silence. 

 "I guess what amazes me is that she can get away with fisting someone,
right out in front of God, Freud, and everybody... I mean, what with the
Spanner Case, you'd think everyone would be overly cautious."

 Flora wore a bemused expression on her face.  "If you think about
it," she replied, "she wasn't doing anything all that attention-
getting.  After all, that cocoon DOES look like a statue- hell, you
could have it in the corner of the dining room at High Tea.  Any 
casual observer could assume she had her arm inside a hollow statue-
that would be a natural assumption, wouldn't it?  I mean, unless you 
take more than a moment to think about what she was doing... I don't 
know.  Hey- what's this?"

 They had come to a stop, as if by some silent agreement, in front of
one of the largest purveyors of latex and rubber clothes.  This place
stood out from the rest however, if for no other reason than they had
taken up three booth spaces with their tables and racks, and had an
unusually large share of the convention-goers gathered around.  Another
reason was the highly professional and slick appearance of their
presentation.  Their area was against one wall, and they had put dozens
of huge photo-posters of their fashions high up on the wall.  Below the
pictures was a continuous row of clothes racks running the width of the
booth, holding an astonishing variety of odd-looking clothing and 
accessories.

 In front of the racks were three platforms, upon which models displayed
the company's wares.  Curtained booths at either end of the area were
apparently being used as changing areas.

 But the first thing that Flora noticed was the unusual appearance of the
models.  The girls at either end wore fantastic-looking molded rubber
fashions.  The one on the left, a blond man with chiseled features and
a weight-lifters body, wore an unusual tanktop of very shiny silver 
latex, which had molded conical spikes covering it in symmetrical 
patterns.  His leather thigh boots by contrast, were black and had 
large, conical metal spikes attached along the shins, at the front and 
sides of the knee, and at the back of the heels.  She noted with interest
that the boots had platform soles and tall stiletto heels.  She decided 
she liked this look on a man.  His opposite partner, on the right-hand 
platform, was a red-head, judging from the ponytail protruding from the
top of her helmet.  
 
 Her costume was much more interesting than the male's, at least in 
Flora's opinion.  A rather bizarre catsuit of polished lime green latex,
it had a molded and heavily-boned corset built right in.  The corset 
portion featured a complex "biomechanical" design molded into it, with 
exaggerated ribs.  The bust cups were covered in rubber spikes, and a 
complicated skeletal pattern, like the spine of a robot, was molded into
the back.  The rest of the suit consisted mainly of sheets of thick 
rubber joining the arms and legs, the open-faced helmet, and sides of 
the suit, such that unless she made an effort, the model was encouraged 
by the slightly stretched material to stand with her legs wide apart, and
her arms akimbo over head.  The "wings", the sheets joining each arm to 
it's corresponding leg, were painted or airbrushed with elaborate, semi-
mechanical tendon designs.  The whole effect was  a bit like a green 
cybernetic flying squirrel.  Flora saw that since the helmet was 
incorporated into the rubber sheet joining the arms, it was nearly 
impossible for the model to move her head.  

 Flora stared in rapt fascination at the woman for several minutes, while
the model turned slowly, occasionally demonstrating that she could in
fact move her arms and legs around, but judging from the determined look
on her face, it took considerable effort.

 Finally, Flora turned her attention to the center, slightly higher, 
dais.  This platform was somewhat larger than the other two, with a
railing surrounding it, and was obviously intended to be the centerpiece
of their display.  It was occupied by someone of unknown sex wearing a 
black rubber inflatable full-body suit.  It appeared, after she examined 
it awhile, that the chest, pelvis, and legs could be inflated separately
from each other, as well as the helmet, hands, and feet.  Each hand had 
been inflated so large that they gave the wearer the appearance of a 
collection of giant sausages and basketballs.  The legs and arms were 
swelled to the degree that the arms were forced nearly to the horizontal,
while the legs were pushed wide apart.  No shoes or boots were worn on 
the feet- hardly surprising, since they too were inflated to gargantuan
size.  The whole assemblage gave the impression of a collection of black
balloons that had decided to go for a walk.
 
 The face of the helmet was devoid of any decoration or features, except 
for a single fitting where Flora thought the mouth might be.  She wondered
for a moment about the sex of the person inside.

 Occasionally, and seemingly with great difficulty since the legs were
being pressed wide apart, the wearer would turn around to face the 
opposite direction, so that customers could see the other side.

 When he (or she- it was impossible to tell) turned around, Flora saw 
that a collection of small hoses depended from the waist at the back
of the suit, and ran down to a small box, held by one of the employees 
sitting in a chair.  Another hose connected to the box and led under one 
of the tables.

 One of the other employees leaned down to speak in the seated operator's
ear, and a moment later, a faint hissing was heard, as the suit's body,
hands, and feet deflated to more normal proportions.  In a few seconds, 
the figure looked human again, merely another rubber fiend, trapped in an 
elaborate body suit.  In fact, it was now possible to guess the gender of
the model inside, as the swell of hips and breast became apparent beneath
the now relaxed sheets of rubber, as did an unusually shaped bulge at the
crotch.  Now Flora noticed small wires leading from the crotch and 
breasts, that joined the bundle of tubing from the control console. 
 
 Judging from the normal size of the mittens, and the fact that the suit
appeared to be made from fairly heavy rubber, Flora imagined that when 
inflated, the fit inside must be very tight indeed!

 After a moment, faint hissing was again heard, and the occupant's hands 
flew to her crotch, as some unseen force caused her balance to become 
noticeably uncertain.  The next moment her hands pawed desperately
at her chest, as her breasts appeared to swell in size from inside the 
suit.  In a short time, her bust had swollen to legendary proportions, 
and several onlookers began to chuckle.  Whatever unseen event had caused
her to wobble was still at work apparently, for her hands moved again to
her crotch for a moment, and then she slowly sank to her hands and knees,
her chest heaving.  It was obvious that she was breathing deeply and
hard.  The operator allowed her to stay in that position for only a 
moment, then one hand and a leg began to inflate.  As the leg was forced
straight and her hand swelled, she was slowly pushed over onto her side. 
 
 Eventually, the occupant seemed to get the idea, and struggled 
deliberately onto her back.  A twist of another dial on the operator's
box, and her leg and hand gradually resumed their normal size.

 The subject had taken to squirming in decidedly excited ways, moving her
hands across her ridiculously-sized chest and through her crotch.  Flora
wondered with great interest just what was going on inside the suit
down there.

 Apparently, this wasn't enough for the operator, for soon the suit again
swelled all over, forcing the occupant's arms and legs wide again.  In 
fact in her new position, there wasn't enough room within the rails for
her limbs, and her hands and feet wound up outside the railing supports, 
below the bottom rail.  After no more than a minute, her legs and arms 
were held rigidly away from her body, but the hands and feet of the suit
continued to swell for another minute.  When they stopped, it was clearly 
impossible to withdraw them through the rails- she was trapped in place
by the suit!  The audience applauded, while the occupant of the suit
began to squirm and vibrate in ernest- it was apparent that there was
more happening inside the suit than met the eye externally.  Finally,
the subject arched her back, her pelvis held above the floor for a long
moment, while the onlookers held their breath.  Then she collapsed with
a thump, and instantly, the entire suit deflated.
 
The collected crowd broke into enthusiastic applause, and loud 
conversations resumed along the front of the booth.

 "I'll bet that would keep you frustrated for a while," came a voice at
Flora's shoulder.  She turned toward the voice and got a fast peck on 
the lips for her trouble.  Mandy had caught up with them, and was 
admiring the inflatable suit as well.  

 "Have you looked in their catalog yet?" she asked, "they have a lot more
of this sort of thing- they're really innovative, I think.  Grab one for
me, will you?"

 She turned her attention to Jason, who was more entranced by the 
redhead in the "bat-suit".  "Hey, big boy, buy a lady a drink?"  She
smiled at his startled look when he turned and saw who it was.

 "Hey lover," he said, hugging her, "did you and... Ellen was it? ...you 
and Ellen- figure out a design?"  He glanced significantly at the bags 
Mandy was toting.  Obviously, she had been doing more shopping.

 "Mm-hmm, that Ms. Schiffer is a bonafied genius- I'll have to put 
blindfolds on you and Flora to keep you from drooling on me when you
see it.  The best part is... she says she can have it ready for the Grand
Ball Sunday night!"

 Jason looked dubious.  "How?!  Unless she has an army of people still 
working back at her shop...  Say, about that drink..."

 "Count me in too," Flora chimed in.  She sounding a bit breathless, 
Jason thought.  "I could use a- I'm a little ah..." she looked again at 
the inflated suit, and the "bat-suited" woman.  
"I just need a drink," she finished lamely.  

Jason laughed, Mandy laughed, and finally Flora joined in.  Mandy handed a 
shopping bag to each, and taking her lovers and slaves arm-in-arm, marched 
together with them, in search of the bar.

                                  -=O=-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bill "Gomez" Lemieux


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





