BDSM Library - The Flight




The Flight
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As a slave of Mistress Lisa, he frequently had some short BD sessions with his mistress, sometimes, also with her friends, both dominants and submissives. This story is based on one of the wild trips with his mistress over a weekend.
THE FLIGHT
By Max

Prologue

This is a true story that happened a few years ago. Well, at least better than
90% of the story is true, as incredible as it might seem as you read through it.
I am a professional and enjoy submissive sex. As much as I enjoy it I don't
think I could live this life style on a 24/7 basis. I have tried it for a few
days at a time. The longest I have ever been "enslaved" was seven days and eight
nights. A Mistress I had been seeing took me at my word that "I could endure
anything". I was single (and cocky) at the time and took her dare to be enslaved
for a week. I was so worn out after that ordeal that it took over a month to get
my sexual appetite back, but back it came. I still see this Mistress on occasion
and she definitely is a 24/7 Mistress that usually has 24/7 slaves living with
her, some who have been with her for years. I now mostly enjoy day sessions
lasting a few hours about once or twice a month. This story is about a session
that lasted three days. I was younger then. I am not so sure I could endure
something like what you are about to read today, but who knows?

Normally it is not all that important to read a Prologue, but in this case
please indulge me. The following story will make much more sense after you read
the Prologue. I had a special relationship with a friend and her husband who was
the opera critic for the LA Times. The relationship stretched over ten years. We
knew each other well. The wife introduced me to one of her friends who she felt
would bring mutual satisfaction to all of us. My friend and her husband had an
interesting relationship. She was dominant and bisexual. He was subservient to
her. She was quite attractive and he was very fat and generally unappealing. He
was however very bright. She would often have her husband find likely candidates
for her bisexual cravings. On rare occasions she would let him participate, and
at other times had him video what was going on. They made good money in the
underground video S & M and B & D markets with some spectacular footage. I would
not be telling the truth if I did not admit to participating in some of the
videos. My only defense was that at the time I did not realize I was being
filmed. In fact I did not find out till someone at a Janus party asked me if I
was an actor. I said no and asked why he felt I was an actor. He said he thought
he saw someone that looked just like me in a few videos he had purchased. The
individual was kind enough to take my name and address and said he would send me
a copy of the tape. When I got the tape I was quite surprised. Sure enough there
I was with "Mistress Nancy" and a few others. I called her and she confessed
that she took the videos without my knowledge. She said she would pay me or she
would "owe" me. I chose the later with the understanding that I be forewarned
before this happened again. I got more than my money's worth over the next few
years. However, I started to become a successful businessman. I was beginning to
be known in the community and I was thinking about getting married. Because of
my increasing involvement in community affairs I was even thinking of running
for public office. Mistress Nancy noted my change of circumstances especially
when I started to decline some of her offers for me to participate in what I
used to look forward to. Finally I told her that in view of my current status I
would like to terminate my relationship with her. Well, no one tells Mistress
Nancy anything! She became unglued and told me in no uncertain terms that she
owned me and that I would have no choice in what she wanted me to do for her.
Furthermore, if I did not abide by her wishes she would go into mass marketing
the videos she made of me. I could not let that happen so I became her now
unwilling slave. I begged her not to re-release the videos and since she liked
to hear me beg, agreed as long as I would do anything she wanted which included
giving me to other Mistresses and Masters. Because of my indiscretion she
actually picked up the pace, but in all fairness kept my sexual encounters
confidential. The first serious change made by Mistress Nancy was to give me
unconditionally to another Mistress for one week at a time. She knew this would
be difficult for me and is why she did it.

But enough of my background. This introduction is about a very wild trip I took
with another Mistress. This other Mistress started out as a girl friend. Lisa
and I dated for a few months after meeting her at a resort in Mexico. At the
time she was not a Mistress but had a very wild sexual appetite. I eventually
told her about my relationship with Mistress Nancy and Lisa became obsessed with
wanting to meet her. They both lived in LA and I finally introduced her to
Mistress Nancy. They clicked right away and Lisa quickly became Mistress Lisa. 
Slowly under Nancy's urging we started to have mild B & D sessions. Mistress
Lisa liked these sessions and as time went on they got less mild and much more
severe. Mistress Lisa even started to charge me for our sessions which stopped
being dates.

Mistress Lisa was very attractive. When I first met her she was in her early
twenties and I was in my mid forties. She worked as a bit actress on daytime
soaps. She was not a very good actress, but her good looks and great figure got
her many small parts. I am sure she would be recognizable to most TV viewers.
She was also surprisingly intelligent.  When I met her in Mexico she was in the
midst of filming a sun tan commercial.

As our relationship grew and under Mistress Nancy's tutelage, Lisa introduced
variety into our sessions by occasionally bringing a friend. The friend she most
often brought along was older than Lisa. I guessed her to be close to my age.
She was also quite attractive. Her name was Ann and she worked as an escrow
officer. Ann was very short, barely five feet tall and weighed less than 100
pounds. But she made up in her small size with a strong willingness to do
whatever Lisa wanted her to do. Ann was mostly subservient like me and always
wanted to be tested as to her limits. Lisa would pit Ann and me against each
other to see who would go further. Ann would almost always win. I can't think of
anything Ann would not do. Before meeting Ann I thought I was about as good a
slave as they came willing to try and do anything. I could however not hold a
candle to Ann. Ann would do things I could not even imagine.

Mistress Lisa and I would often even go out of town together. Her favorite place
was San Francisco. I had my own small airplane so we could go out of town on
short notice. Lisa loved to fly. We even would go to Las Vegas for just a day.
When we would be together I was always her slave, even while flying Mistress
Lisa would have me do small certain tasks to show that she was the Master. It
was really very exciting. For example during one weekend trip Mistress Lisa
clipped some of her toenails and told me to keep them in my mouth all weekend.
It was a challenge. Throughout the weekend she would have me open my mouth to
make sure they were still there. At the end of the weekend she had me swallow
them. She had quite an imagination. On this particular weekend she asked me
which I would rather drink if I had a choice, my urine or hers. Without thinking
I said mine. This was a mistake. She made me drink all of my urine all weekend.
Had I said her urine I would at least have been able to relieve myself. This way
I was recycling my own urine all weekend. Fortunately it was only a two day
weekend and Mistress Lisa finally let me relieve myself without recycling when I
dropped her off at Burbank. I was ready to explode.

Lisa would sometimes have a male friend present at sessions, but only as an
observer.  About six or seven years after meeting Lisa my sessions with her
dropped from once a month to once every three or four months and then I stopped
seeing her altogether. I can't really put my finger on why we stopped seeing
each other but we just slowly grew apart. Besides, Mistress Nancy had me very
busy breaking in some new Mistress friends of hers. She liked to use me in
breaking in a new Mistress because she knew me so well. I would say during the
years I was used to train about a half dozen Mistresses, one of which I still
see to this day.

It was almost five years since I saw Mistress Lisa when out of the blue she
called me up with an interesting proposition, which this story is about. Now as
you read the story it will hopefully make more sense. Actually Mistress Nancy
put Mistress Lisa up to this because Mistress Nancy owed Mistress Lisa some sort
of favor and I was the object of returning this debt. What you will read in the
following seventeen chapters will make you wonder if something like this could
really happen. Could a couple really be subjected to this kind of enslavement.
The answer is YES. If you are easily grossed out don't go any further.




Chapter 1

I was home a little earlier than usual when the phone rang. The caller
identified herself as Lisa. It took a moment to make the connection, it  had 
been  at least five years since we saw each other. A lot had  transpired  since
then.  Lisa  asked how I was and I did likewise. We exchanged small talk and I
asked if she still did her TV stuff and she said she still did her small parts
on the  daytime  soaps. I asked if she still kept herself trim and she responded
that was the way she got her work but that now represented a small part of her 
income. She only did it because she was vain. A small stirring started in my
pants as I remembered how she looked and some of the wonderful times we had
together.

I was about to ask Lisa why she called when she volunteered that she now had a
stable of slaves and was enjoying that part of her life more and more. I was not
surprised because Lisa was not only very dominant but  insatiable. She asked if
I remembered Ann, which of course I did. Lisa then then explained the purpose of
the call in more detail and the stirring in my pants became intense.

Lisa explained that Ann has a relationship with a Mexican businessman  who fly's
up to LA a few times a year to see her. It was more of a professional
relationship in which Lisa would occasionally participate. The man was dominant
and loved to push Ann to her limits. He would not inflict pain, just gross
humiliation. He also loved to see Ann serve Lisa which suited both girls fine.
He paid handsomely.

The man, Jose, lives in Puerto Vallarta and owned a 150-room hotel in
partnership with a few other local businessmen. The hotel has about thirty
condominiums attached to the hotel. Jose owned one of these condos outright and
wanted Ann to visit him. She never visited Jose in Mexico before but the thought
of a long weekend in Puerto Vallarta excited her. Jose told her that she could
bring Lisa with her and if she found a way down to Puerto Vallarta they could
all stay at his condo and he would take care of their needs and make it worth
her while.

Ann called Lisa with Jose's proposition, which was when she thought of me and my
airplane. Lisa asked if I would be available to fly her and Ann to Puerto
Vallarta. Since it was over five years since I saw the girls and I liked to fly
and I liked Mexico this should have been a no brainer. However  because of my
new status in the community I hesitated. Lisa said that Mistress Nancy had
assigned me to her and that I really had no choice. I was to be her slave till
she released me, and that hasn't happened yet. Just because she hadn't contacted
me all these years made no difference. She only was being nice to me by asking.
She told me that she did not like my hesitation and would report back to
Mistress Nancy. I quickly recovered and said "sure" and begged her not to tell
Mistress Nancy. Release of the videos would ruin me and Mistress Lisa knew it.
Lisa said that was more like it. She would get back to me after contacting Ann,
and it seemed like an after thought told me to masturbate daily and save my cum
in the freezer. All this caused my inner sexual cravings to almost explode.
Sometimes I masturbated twice a day.

It was three weeks before Lisa called back. I had trouble thinking about
anything else during this period fearing that she would not call back. Ann had
spoken to Jose who expanded his offer when he heard that I had been one of
Lisa's slaves. Jose said I would be welcome to join the group if I would be
willing to be a slave along with Ann. Ann also knew the situation about me and
assured Jose that there would be no problem with me. With her permission I did
ask Lisa about Jose and she volunteered that he was safe and OK but in reality I
would only be serving her or whoever she would assign me to. I of course agreed
with just a bit of intrepedation. I felt the sessions would be no more than what
Lisa and I had done in the past when she would have a male observe us. I asked
Lisa to please give me a few days notice and would pick her and Ann up at the
Santa Monica airport.

Lisa called back the very next day which was Tuesday and told me that we would
leave that Friday returning the following Monday. I of course said "yes
Mistress". I thought two full days in Mexico in the sun would be just great.
Little did I know that I would never leave the condominium. I told Lisa that it
was going to be a six-hour flight which included one stop to go through customs
in Guaymas. Flying time from Santa Monica to Guaymas would be about three hours
and from Guaymas to Puerto Vallarta another two hours. Lisa said I should pack a
lunch for her and Ann which was to consist of two chicken sandwiches, an apple
for each, grapefruit juice and Vodka for Ann and two beers for Lisa. She quickly
added for me not to forget the frozen sperm. During the period I was first told
to masturbate I had collected not quite half a quart of sperm. Lisa said they
would be sitting in the back where my plane had club seating (two sets of seats
facing each other) My instructions were to pick up my passengers at 10:00 a.m.
Lisa further told me that I must address her as Mistress Lisa for the whole
weekend. I was to address Ann as Lady Ann. She was not sure how I was to address
Jose. Otherwise I was not to speak unless given permission. I was also to obey
all instructions given to me only by Lisa unless she gave this authority to
someone else which she said was likely to happen if she was not around. Lisa
again reminded me of my duty to her and that even the slightest hesitation on my
part would get back to Mistress Nancy. I said I understood, that I would be a
willing slave and perform all my duties as instructed. I assured her that I
would give her no reason to report me to Mistress Nancy. I then started to make
arrangements to be out of town for four days and do my flight planning. I called
Lisa back to remind her and Ann to bring their passports or birth certificates
so we could get through customs. I also asked her to call Jose and say we would
be arriving in Puerto Vallarta at around four in the afternoon so he could pick
us up because I had no idea where we were going. Lisa did not know the name of
the hotel and neither did Ann.




Chapter 2

I did all my preparations and arrived at the Santa Monica airport fifteen
minutes early and waited in the pilot's lounge of the general aviation terminal.
I packed light bringing a bathing suit and some change in underwear. I felt what
I was wearing for the trip would be fine if we went out at night. As it turned
out I over packed. As I waited I was wondering how Lisa and Ann would look. It
had been a while since I saw both of them. I did not have to wait long. Lisa and
Ann showed up promptly at 10:00 a.m. Both girls looked splendid wearing almost
identical outfits. They both had high-heeled sandals, tight jeans, and blouses
tied so you could see their midriffs. Lisa had painted toenails, Ann did not. My
heart skipped a beat when I first saw them. I took their small bags and both
girls gave me a peck on the cheek as I led them out to my airplane. All of a
sudden my fears left me. Meeting Jose was not going to be that bad. After all,
most of the time I was going to be a slave to these two beautiful women. Little
did I know what lay ahead.

Not a word was spoken as I seated my passengers in the back facing each other.
Mistress Lisa finally said good morning to me and I answered that it was good
seeing her and Lady Ann. Mistress Lisa asked for the sandwiches and drinks I
prepared then let me get in front to do my pilot duties. I was instructed not to
look at them in the back, that they would do their own thing which should not
concern me. Mistress Lisa said she would have something for me to do as we got
into the flight. The girls did not know that I could actually see them by way of
a make up mirror that was attached to my sun visor. I could get a clear view of
them without being noticed.

We got off the ground at 10:30 in the morning and headed south to Guaymus. The
girls broke out their drinks almost right away to take off the edge of flying in
a small plane. At twelve noon the "fun" started. Mistress Lisa said that we had
to land so that Lady Ann could pee. I said that we were over Mexico and that we
could not land till we got to Guaymus which was still one and half-hours away.
There was silence but it did not take long for Mistress Lisa to come up with a
solution which of course she had in mind all along. I looked in the mirror and
saw Lady Ann peeing into a cup which was handed to me, but not before Mistress
Lisa poured some of my sperm (which was melting) into it. As she cleaned herself
with a Kleenex I was instructed to drink the contents of the cup. I was told to
give back the cup and saw through the mirror that Lady Ann was not through
urinating. I again had to drink the contents of the now half-full cup. I looked
at the mirror and Mistress Lisa was now peeing into the cup, which was again
handed to me. Mistress Lisa filled the cup full twice with her urine and one
more time with my melted sperm. I looked at the mirror and saw Lady Ann's head
between Mistress Lisa's legs obviously cleaning her up.  Lady Ann had to clean
herself up with Kleenex which was then given to me to swallow. I almost chocked
on the tissue. While I often saw Mistress Lisa's head between another women's
legs, she was not into tasting urine even though she loved to watch her male and
female slaves do it.

I was getting very excited. After about another half-hour I had to pee. I
mentioned this to Mistress Lisa who handed me the cup. I thought she was going
to have me drink it but instead gave the cup to Lady Ann to drink pouring the
rest of my sperm into the cup.  Mistress Lisa then told the both of us that we
would be drinking all of each other's urine for the whole weekend. Neither of us
would be allowed to use the toilet to urinate. Mistress Lisa then asked me when
we would be landing to clear customs in Guaymus. I told her we would be on the
ground in thirty minutes. She said she wanted  Lady Ann to give her a pedicure
but needed more than thirty minutes and would therefore have her pedicure on the
last leg of the flight. I told Mistress Lisa that the flying time from Guaymus
would be about two hours. She answered that would be just perfect for her
pedicure. Mistress Lisa then asked how long we would be on the ground in
Guaymus. I told her that it usually takes about thirty minutes to refuel and go
through customs. She then admonished both Lady Ann and myself not to use the
toilet while on the ground. She enforced the fact that we would be each other's
toilets for the weekend. Mistress Lisa said not to worry, neither of us would
get thirsty in the heat of Mexico. I did shudder a bit at this. I had drunk
urine before, but never in any great quantity. In fact I had drunk more during
the past hour than ever before in such a short period. Both women then settled
back into their seats till we landed in Guaymus.




Chapter 3

The process through customs was routine. The three of us did however raise a few
eyebrows. The provocatively way the girls were dressed and the fact that Lisa
looked so young made us stand out. I explained that Lisa was my kid sister and
needed a vacation with friends after getting a nasty divorce. I said this to
eliminate any thought that the Mexican officials might think I was importing
prostitutes into their country.

I refueled and the three of us got back into the plane for the remaining
two-hour flight to Puerto Vallarta. It was a fairly quick stop over. Once we
settled at altitude I looked in my mirror and sure enough there was Ann giving
Lisa a pedicure. Lisa noticed me watching and told me not to worry, that she was
not going to let any clippings dirty my precious plane. After about fifteen
minutes Lisa handed me a cup. It had some nail clippings inside. Mistress Lisa
asked me if I remembered our weekend in San Francisco. I said I did and she
said, "you then know what to do with the clippings". I dutifully put them in my
mouth under my lower lip. There were only two large clippings, which were most
likely from her big toe. She looked at me and asked if there was anything wrong?
I said no, however I was surprised that there were only two. Lisa smiled and
asked me to hold out my hand. She then placed a large quantity of smaller
clippings in my hand, which she said I could swallow. Lisa then said that I was
to keep the larger clippings in my mouth till further notice. She also told me
that I should keep my mouth ready for more clippings. As I watched, Lisa was now
giving Ann a pedicure. Lisa loved feet and toes, male and female alike. She
loved to suck on toes, loved to have her toes sucked, and loved to watch others
suck on each other's toes. She loved to toe "69". Soon enough I was handed the
cup again with the rest of Ann's toenail clippings, which she said I could
swallow. I did and was then handed two larger clippings, which were to be kept
in my mouth not to be swallowed. Mistress Lisa warned me not to co-mingle the
two sets of toenails. There I sat with two clippings under my lower lip and two
under my upper lip.

Lisa asked if I was excited (hard)? I said yes. She handed me a cup and said I
should masturbate into it. It did not take too long as I watched Ann with her
head again buried between Lisa's legs. I gave the cup to Lisa who then made Ann
drink it, with I was sure, a bit of Lisa's urine as well. Ann was really being
treated as a slave. I was excited despite the fact I just had an orgasm. I was
glad I had a good autopilot.

The flight progressed and just as we were letting down Lisa gave me another cup
of Ann's urine. She said that turnabout was fair play since she just had Ann
drink my sperm. She also said she had to go herself, but would let me off the
hook for now. She said Ann and I would get plenty to drink over the weekend. She
would not deprive us of our due or let us go thirsty for that matter.




Chapter 4

We arrived at Puerto Vallarta pretty much on schedule at around 4 p.m. Lisa's
friend, Jose, was waiting for us. The expression on his face said it all as he
watched the two girls deplane. Both girls kissed and hugged him and all three of
them put on quite a show embracing each other. They finally introduced me as
slave Fred. We got in his car with Lisa in front and Ann sitting next to me in
the back. Lisa started to explain protocols. She said that Ann and I were to
call her Mistress and Jose as Master. We were going to be called slave Fred and
slave Ann. We were not to talk unless spoken to. The only and only time we could
talk without permission was to ask to go to the bathroom. Jose then said no talk
by the slaves even for this. He said they should raise their hands and hold up
one finger or two to indicate what they wanted to do. The two talked as though
we were not there. So the rule was not to talk unless spoken to. Lisa then told
Jose about the fact that Ann and I could only use each other to relieve
ourselves. It was something she thought of in the plane, which of course had no
bathroom. Rather than holding it in or keeping urine in a cup that could spill
Lisa said she simply had the slaves drink each other's urine. She told Jose that
she would like this arrangement to go on for the entire weekend. Jose loved this
and said he wanted to think about how best to incorporate this with some rules.
He said he also had another set of rules but would wait to go over them with us
after we settled in at his condo. He said we would have a nice dinner at his
place at which time he and Lisa would go over the rules and our weekend plans.
It was very exciting.

We arrived at a beautiful resort south of town right on the beach. There was a
high rise twenty-story structure, which was surrounded on both sides of the road
by individual condos, which were serviced by the hotel. Jose explained that his
partnership, which owned the hotel, owned four condos outright, which they used
for entertainment purposes. The hotel had 150 rooms in addition to thirty condos
with a staff of over 100.

Jose's condo was magnificent. There was a large living area and two bedrooms. It
had to be at least 2,500'. Ann and I were told to put our bags away and then
return to the living room so the weekend could be planned which was to last till
Monday morning. We would spend three night and two full days in Puerto Vallarta.
Ann and I quickly put our things away and returned to the living room where Lisa
and Jose were having a drink. We were invited to sit down opposite them and join
them for a drink as they planned the evening's activities and gave us additional
instructions. Jose explained that we would have dinner in the condo then go out
for the evening to a favorite club. It was now 6:30 and the sun was setting.
Jose ordered for the four of us and while we waited for room service Lisa
started with the basic toilet rules that she previously talked about. The three
of us listened.

Toilet rules for Ann and myself had to be obeyed completely or the weekend would
come to an abrupt end. Ann and I promised that we would obey, we were after all
good slaves. We were told that up until Monday morning when we would depart that
Ann would drink all of my urine and I would drink all of hers. If we were apart
some reason we would just have to wait. If we couldn't wait we would have to
drink our own urine till we got together again. Lisa said she would not make it
too hard by making us drink a lot of other liquids at which I could see Jose was
not in complete agreement. Jose was anxious to see his slaves in action so he
had us both pee into a glass right in front of them. It took a few minutes
because we didn't have to go that badly, but a few ounces were produced by each
of us. We exchanged cups and drank the contents, which excited Jose immensely.
Ann's urine tasted slightly sweet. Thus started our official weekend as slaves
to Lisa and Jose. Jose came up with a few other rules as we waited for our
dinner. He said both slaves were to wear a dildo whenever we were out of the
condo. He also repeated the no talking rule. He said that we were not to be
surprised when he addressed us as slaves even in front of his staff. He said we
would be and should act as slaves at all times even in front of others. His
staff was about three-quarters male and one quarter female. He also said that he
suspected a goodly number were gay or bisexual. He said this with a glint in his
eyes. I was surprised at this thinking Mexico a macho country. Noting my
surprise Jose said that Puerto Vallarta had a large gay community, which he said
was not that uncommon in Mexico.




Chapter 5

At around 7:30 that evening there was a knock on the door. Jose asked Ann to
open the door. A good-looking young man wheeled in a cart with our dinners.
Since the room had a dinning table the waiter took the food from the cart and
set it out. When he was finished he went over to Jose to sign for it. He
whispered something into the waiter's ear and he broke out in a smile. Jose
turned to Ann and told her that even though a 15% tip is put on everything he
still wanted to give the waiter something extra. He then told Ann to get on her
knees and give the waiter a blowjob. I could not believe my eyes. Ann quickly
got down on her knees in front of the waiter, unzipped his fly, took out his
cock and started to suck it. She started to use her hands but Lisa said she
could only use her mouth. The waiter closed his eyes as the rest of us watched.
Ann seemed to be enjoying herself too. It took almost ten minutes before the
waiter had his orgasm. Luis told Ann to swallow it all, he did not want any
stains on his carpets. I could see Ann take three good swallows. Luis looked at
both Ann and myself and warned us not to let any liquid go to waste. Lisa then
told me to kiss Ann and help her get the taste of the waiter out of her mouth.
She told us to swap spit and not stop till she told us too. We sat on the floor
with our mouths locked for at least five minutes when Lisa said we could get up
and join them at the table.

In the mean time the waiter zipped himself up and quietly left the room. Jose
explained that he did this on purpose early in the game. He said the entire
staff will know of this incident within the next few hours and that almost all
of the staff, cleaning ladies, bus boys, waiters, etc. will want to perform room
service for us constantly. So not to be bothered Jose hung a "Do Not Disturb"
sign on the door. He said if he turned the sign around to say "Make Up Room" his
staff would be knocking on the door constantly within the next few hours after
word got out what might be expected in the room.

We quietly ate our dinner. Jose and Lisa drank wine and fortunately did not make
Ann and myself drink more than a beer each. Even that scared me to think of all
the liquid we would have to pass through our system. The food was excellent. We
had a salad and a very fine fish dish. While Jose and Lisa had their dessert Ann
and I were instructed to get under the table and give both of our Masters
pleasure with our mouths. I saw Ann bury her head between Jose's legs and I did
likewise to Lisa. This lasted for another thirty minutes when I am sure both of
our Masters had orgasms. Lisa was drinking more than I was. We were finally told
to get up and Jose used the phone to have room service remove the dirty dishes.
Within literally two minutes there was a knock on the door and a very attractive
short waitress entered the room. She cleared up the dishes and put them on the
rolling cart. As she was leaving the room Jose said something to her. She
stopped what she was doing and sat down on one of the dinning chairs. I was told
to service her which I knew was coming. What happened next I was not prepared
for. I was told to sit on the floor in front of the chair and hold my arms
forward. Lisa then tied my arms to the back of the chair making me a prisoner to
the chair and its occupant. The waitress spread her legs and I got a good look
between her legs. There was a bulge in her panties. She wore a very short skirt
so it was hard to hide anything. She was told to remove her panties, which she
did with alarming agility. She pulled her legs straight up pulled off her
panties and then put her legs back down in front of the chair inside of my
outstretched arms which were tied together behind her. As I was admiring her
smooth and shapely legs I was unprepared to what I saw. A mans genitals. Our
waitress was a cross dresser. I could not believe that someone so attractive
could be a male. Lisa asked what I was waiting for and to go for it. I could not
use my hands and as the waitress reached down to oblige me Jose grabbed her
hands and tied them behind the chair next to mine. Lisa then reached between the
waitress' legs and shoved "her" penis into my mouth. Fortunately it was not that
large. In fact at first Lisa pushed "her" balls in my mouth as well. They
slipped out as the penis grew. I was then told to move my head and give our
waitress a good orgasm. The waitress lifted her legs from in front of me and
placed them over my shoulders and around my neck in a vise grip. I didn't have
to move my head than much because "she" just started to pump like a crazy
person. It didn't last long. "She" had an orgasm within five minutes. What the
waitress had in small size was made up in the quantity of sperm that entered my
mouth. Without being told I swallowed everything. With the penis still in my
mouth and tied together we stayed in that position for about an hour while
everyone was getting dressed. Ann was told to hurry up and change so she could
sit on the floor and watch us to make sure the penis stayed in my mouth. Ann was
also told to see if she could make the waitress hard again. Ann started to
fondle the tied up waitress and kiss "her". After a while, about thirty minutes
later, at just about the same time I felt the penis get larger again I heard the
waitress call out to which Jose called back si. The waitress then started to
pump my mouth again as "her" penis grew larger and larger. This time "she" came
in ten minutes and to my surprise still had a lot of sperm.

Lisa and Jose finally came out to release us. The waitress put on her panties
and gave me a big kiss on the mouth. It was a strange feeling with "her" tongue
swirling in my mouth as if to suck out "her" own sperm.  She then left the room
with the dishes. Jose said again that the story would be all over the staff in
minutes. He said I was dressed fine for the evening and the four of us left the
condo at about 9:30 for Jose's club, but not before Jose placed a collar on both
Ann's and my neck. He explained that this would identify us as slaves wherever
he would take us. Then came the final touch. Jose made Ann and I bend over and
bare our rear ends. Lisa then inserted dildos into both of us and strapped them
on. She had me suck Ann's first and Ann sucked mine to make them easier to
insert. The dildos were only 1 1/2 inches in diameter and about six inches long.
We both had to deep throat them first. I almost gagged but did it. The dildo
felt very uncomfortable especially latter when I was sitting. It also made me
walk funny. Ann seemed to wear hers better than me, but then again she had much
more slave training than I did. Lisa told me that she uses Ann at least three
times a week as a slave. For me it was once a month at the most. We were warned
not to let our dildos slip out.




Chapter 6

We drove for about twenty minutes and then went up a winding road finally coming
to Jose's club. I felt every bump in the road through my dildo. The music was
loud and the place was jammed. We got a table right away because Jose was a
regular. We sat at the table as I watched my surroundings. Couples were dancing
on a crowded dance floor. When my eyes got adjusted to the darkness I noticed
that many of the couples were of the same sex. Some hid it but others flaunted
their homosexuality, or at least it looked that way. Looking at the expression
on my face Jose explained that this was a coed gay nightclub. There were gay
males and females, which was unusual. It was virtually impossible to tell
anyone's sex. I certainly was not a good judge especially after my encounter
with the waitress earlier in the day. I still thought "she" was cute and I am as
straight as they come. I have on occasion been forced to suck cock by a
mistress, but all in all I prefer females. Today was the first time I was ever
kissed by a man and I was surprised at myself. I found it more repulsive to kiss
a man than sucking his cock. The thought of a man's tongue in my mouth was more
revolting than having his penis in my mouth.

A waiter finally came over to take our drink order. Both Ann and I declined but
Lisa said each of us would have to order one drink for the evening and could
nurse it. I ordered a beer and Ann a Margarita. We were told that only Lisa or
Jose would determine if we could accept an offer from anyone wanting to dance
with either of us. I didn't worry too much because I didn't think anyone would
want to dance with me. If Lisa and Jose were not present then we would have to
sit at the table and were told that if anyone approached to ask Ann or myself to
dance we could only accept if we were being asked by someone of the same sex, as
if we could tell. As it turned out I was asked and did dance with a number of
"men" which turned out to be women. I am sure I was propositioned but not
knowing the language wasn't sure. The reason both Ann and especially I were
asked so often was because of our collars. Everyone knew of our status. We
noticed quite a few people were also wearing similar collars. All in all we did
not dance that much, certainly not as much as Lisa who danced almost all
evening. Jose danced a bit but mostly talked to many of his friends and also
danced with Ann. From what I could see, Jose was straight and just brought us
here for shock value and show off his two women, who were stunning. He said he
would have dressed me up as a female but did not think he could get away with it
because of my size. He said a fantasy of his was to cross dress a male and
female and pimp for them not letting their customers know their true sex. Noting
my puzzlement about the club Jose said that about 25% of the patrons were
straight, just as he was. Also a goodly number were dominants and slaves. There
probably was not one truly straight person at the club. The only thing common
among all the patrons was a preoccupation with sex.

After about two hours I really had to use the bathroom. I raised my hand with
one finger pointing up indicating that I had to urinate. Lisa saw it right away.
She took Ann's half full drink and gave it to me. Lisa told me to go to the
bathroom and fill it up and not to cheat. I took the glass which still had a bit
of Margarita in it and went into a stall. I filled the glass to the brim. I
walked back to the table where Lisa took the glass from my hand and gave it to
Ann. She told Ann to chug-a-lug half the glass. I felt sorry for Ann but knew my
turn was coming. Ann didn't hesitate and drank half her Margarita in less than
five seconds. She then shortly raised her hand with one finger pointing up. Jose
took my half-empty beer glass and gave it to Ann without having to tell her what
to do. Ann took it and walked towards the lady's room. She was gone for a good
ten minutes when Lisa got up and went to see if anything was wrong. The two
women came back shortly with Ann carrying a full glass of what really looked
like beer. Lisa said that there was a crowd in the bathroom and Ann had to wait
for a stall. Lisa accompanied Ann into the stall and helped her fill my glass. I
was then told to chug-a-lug half the glass in less than five seconds. With three
sets of eyes on me I closed my eyes and started to drink. I almost choked but
did as ordered. Before the end of the evening, about two hours later at 2:00
a.m. Ann and I drank each other's liquids two more times. Much to our relief
neither Ann nor myself had to drink from Jose or Lisa (other than that first
time when Lisa helped Ann fill my beer glass).

Just shortly before we left Jose told Ann to get under the table and give him a
blowjob. He told her not to use her hands because he wanted it to last. He had a
few drinks so it would take a while. After about fifteen minutes Jose said he
was about to cum and told Ann not to swallow, just keep it in her mouth. From
his face I could see Jose had a good and long orgasm. Ann got out from under the
table and sat down. One could see her mouth was very full. The three of us just
sat there while Lisa whispered into Jose's ear. Ann's cheeks were puffed out
with all of Jose's sperm. Lisa finally told us that she and Jose were discussing
what to do with the sperm. Jose wanted Ann to spit it out in my glass, but Lisa
wanted Ann to kiss me to transfer the liquid. into my mouth direct. Lisa won the
argument so Ann was told to kiss me. I was not too happy with the prospect of
having Jose's sperm expelled into my mouth, but I liked the idea of kissing Ann.
Ann kissed me and I got a mouthful. I was told to hold it in my mouth for a
while. After ten minutes I was finally told to swallow. Lisa asked how it tasted
and I answered "very good Mistress Lisa", fortunately I gave the correct answer.

Lisa said she was tired and that her feet were killing her. She wanted to go
home and watch some porno flicks before going to bed. Jose said he didn't have
any at the condo but felt that their two slaves could put on a show for them.
Lisa liked that. From the look in Ann's eyes she seemed to like it as well. I
certainly didn't have any trouble with the idea except that it was late and I
was tired. They spoke of perhaps picking up a patron to join us but felt at this
point that just Ann and I could entertain them. We got into Jose's car and drove
back to the condo. All that was said on the way back was Lisa who said we had
better put on a good show.




Chapter 7


We got back to the condo and the first thing Lisa did was plop down on the couch
and told Ann and me to come over to massage her feet. She had been dancing
all-night and complained how much they ached. Jose sat on an easy chair and just
watched. He was more of a voyeur then anything else. He called out to Ann and me
to first take off all our clothing. Mistress Lisa complained but then relented,
she wanted her feet serviced first. Jose told Ann to undress me without using
her hands. I was to then undress Ann the same way. Ann used her mouth and feet
to undress me. It took about ten minutes but we were certainly entertaining Lisa
and Jose. When Ann was finished with me it was my turn to undress Ann. The job
was much easier for me because Ann wore no underwear or stockings.

We were then ordered to start working on Lisa's feet. I got the left one and Ann
the right one. We were told to first remove her boots and could not use our
hands. She wore no stockings, which is why she was so uncomfortable. When Lisa
saw how wet her feet were she instructed her two slaves to first lick off all
the sweat. Both of us licked and sucked her toes and by the sounds coming from
Lisa, she enjoyed this very much. Lisa's feet were fairly clean, but the boots
left their mark giving us  much to clean. After about fifteen minutes Jose came
over and buried his head between Lisa's legs. Lisa was moaning with delight
being serviced by the three of us. This went on for another twenty minutes or
so.

With Ann and I still servicing Lisa's feet Jose changed positions and started to
make love to Lisa. This is the first time I ever saw a man having sex with Lisa
who told Ann and me not to stop. Jose had an orgasm in less than one minute. He
pulled out and sat back in his chair. Lisa then told Ann to go over and clean
him up. Ann did not have to be told to use only her mouth. We both looked as Ann
licked and sucked Jose's penis clean. Jose slowly started to get hard again as
Lisa instructed Ann to now clean her up. I was surprised because I thought that
would be my task, but was happy not to have to taste Jose's sperm again. Ann did
a good job, and as a reward Jose told me to go down on her. I gladly buried my
head between Ann's legs as she stood in front of our two Masters. After a few
minutes Lisa told me to get up and pick up Ann upside down and have her suck my
cock. Fortunately Ann did not weigh much over one hundred pounds and was easy to
lift. I stood there with Ann in a vertical "69" position. Her mouth on my penis
felt very good. We were putting on a great show for our Masters. It was hard not
to cum.

After about fifteen minutes I felt some activity around me. I could not see that
much with Ann's legs wrapped around my neck but then I felt Lisa wrapping a rope
around us. She kept circling around us a number of times and pulled the rope
very tight as she circled us. I did not know what was going on. I knew I could
not stand much longer and then felt Jose lead me over to the couch and with
Lisa's help got Ann and me to lie down. My legs were free so at first I sat and
then lay down with Ann still tied firmly to me in our "69" position on top of
me. Jose told Lisa to finish the bondage job. My arms were then tied to Ann's
thighs and Ann's arms were tied to my thighs. As a final touch Lisa took
advantage of the collar Ann and I wore. She tied a rope around each of our
waists and then to each of our respective collars. We were very immobile.
Neither of us could even remove our heads from each other's crotches. Lisa
warned both of us not to remove our heads, as if we could. Ann was to keep my
penis in her mouth and I was to keep my mouth covering her vagina. Jose said
goodnight and they would see us in the morning. They warned us not to stain the
couch. If they detected even the slightest stain we would be severely punished.
The two of just lay there wondering if we could get any sleep. I was very
excited and could not help myself and as Jose and Lisa went into their bedrooms
had a tremendous orgasm. I could feel poor Ann swallowing as fast as she could.
I was rewarded about ten minutes later by a slow stream of urine as Ann relieved
herself. Knowing that I could only swallow so fast she let it go in small
spurts. It took over five minutes to empty her bladder. Fortunately I was on the
bottom so spillage would not be a problem as long as Ann was careful, and she
was. This went on all night. We did not get much sleep. Even though Ann weighed
barely 100 pounds she started getting very heavy lying on top of me. It was
getting to be very uncomfortable but somehow we both managed to get some sleep.




Chapter 8


The first thing I noticed after a night of fitful sleep was that it was getting
light. I then heard Jose. After a while I could hear Lisa. Both of them just sat
there watching Ann and me. After what seemed hours later I felt someone starting
to untie us, it was Lisa. Talk about being stiff, and I don't mean just down
below. It was only about 6:00 am and our Masters wanted Ann to join them. After
removing the lines to our collars I was told to get up with Ann still tied to me
in our "69" position. It was the only way we could be untied. I felt the rope
unraveling and soon I was able to let Ann stand on her own two feet. Jose told
me that I could go back to bed and they then took Ann to their bedroom. I had no
idea what they wanted of Ann but I was so sleepy that I fell into a deep sleep
very quickly. I found out later what Ann did with her two Masters, but that is a
story in itself.

I awoke a number of hours later and felt the presence of someone else in the
room. As my eyes adjusted I saw a chambermaid sitting on a chair observing me.
When she saw that I was awake she handed me a note. The note was from Jose and
fortunately in English. I suspect that Lisa wrote it for him. The note read as
follows:

Dear slave fred,

Mistress Lisa and I have decided to spend the day at the beach and have taken
Ann with us. I like the idea of being surrounded by two attractive women and did
not want you to be a distraction. After my employees found out about the two of
you they begged me to let them have some fun in return for keeping this whole
thing secret.

Since I wanted slave Ann to myself I decided to let them have some fun with you.
The name of the person who gave you the note you are reading is Maria, but you
will call her Mistress. She is bilingual and will look after you till we return
later this afternoon or early evening. You will do everything she tells you to
do as if the instructions came from Mistress Lisa or me. Don't even think of
disappointing me and obey your new temporary Mistress explicitly. If she tells
me that you have not fully cooperated I have ways to make your life here
miserable as well as even delaying your return to the United States. Once again
do exactly as you are told. If she gives me a good report you will be rewarded.

Master Jose

Mistress Maria took back the note and asked me if I understood it. She spoke in
heavily accented but fairly good English. Maria had a deep voice for such a
diminutive woman. I said yes and she quickly slapped me across the face with a
force that surprised me. She said I could only address her as Mistress and I
quickly lowered my head and said "yes Mistress". She was very short and slight
and I was surprised how strong her slap was. She looked to be in her forties,
but then again Mexican women are hard workers and consequently their looks belie
their age. I found out later that she was only twenty-nine. She was also very
slim for an older Mexican women who tend to get larger with age. She was smartly
dressed and had what looked like a supervisor's uniform. Despite the lines and
very dark complexion, she had a very pretty face. She told me that she had plans
for me and I had better behave, again referring to Jose's note. She called me by
a Mexican name that I didn't understand that I found out later meant slut. She
continued to say that I belonged to her today and that I was going to make her
good tips.  I had no idea what she was talking about, because she kept mixing
Spanish with English. With that she took out a hood placing it over my head and
tied it around my neck. It was a partial hood because the front only came down
over my nose, but did cover my ears. In effect it left my whole mouth and jaw
free.  It was also made of a very thick material so I could hardly hear and
certainly could not see. Mistress Maria asked if I could see and I said "no
Mistress". As it turned out I was to wear the hood for the rest of my stay. I
eventually lost all track of time. It was as if I was in a twilight zone.

Mistress Maria then told me to get back on the bed where she tied me spread
eagle on my back. She said that I must always keep my mouth open and suck, lick
and or swallow anything that came in contact with my mouth. She said that I must
be careful not to cum or pee because she did not want to stain the bed. I felt
like the male equivalent of "O". Mistress Maria said that while she was there we
would have many visitors. They would come in all sizes and sexes. They would be
straight, gay, submissive and dominant. I was surprised she was so much into the
scene and knew all these words.  I then felt her getting on the bed. I could
hear the rustle of clothing then felt her moisture as she sat on my face. I
licked and sucked as previously instructed. This went on for a good fifteen
minutes then felt a mouth on my very erect penis. At first I thought it was
Maria but then I heard her say something in Spanish and knew there was someone
else in the room. The person must have entered while she was sitting on me
because I heard nothing.

I kept on sucking and licking while enjoying the mouth on my penis. She then
laughed before telling me to drink her up. I had no idea what she meant till I
felt my mouth filling up with her warm urine. It was actually sweet and she told
me to swallow everything again telling me that she wanted no stains on the bed.
She did pee slowly to make my job easier. I did as I was told and got everything
down. At this point I really had to pee myself. Maria sensed this and told me I
should go ahead and piss. I also heard her say something in Spanish. I tried to
pee but it was difficult at first because of my erection, but I finally went
because I really had to go. Mistress Maria told me to slow down so that her
other slave could drink it all in. When I was finished I heard her talking to
the other slave. Mistress Maria told me that her slave said my piss was salty,
not as sweet as he own. She said she had a number of slaves that begged to drink
her piss, but with me here she would have them drink her piss after it had
cycled through me. To this day I do not know if this first slave who drank my
urine was male or female. The mouth was a bit rough so I thought it was a male,
but a mouth was a mouth, and I doubt any male could tell the sex of the mouth
that was servicing him. My guess was that the same would be true if someone
stuck their tongue in your mouth. Maria then untied me and had me sit in a chair
while she left the room. I could hear voices in the other room and wondered what
would come next. Maria was much more sophisticated than I would have imagined
and was full of surprises. Jose must have trained her well, and she must have
been a willing pupil as Ann and I learned only too well in the coming day.




Chapter 9



I sat quietly not seeing anything because of the hood. Finally I heard someone
come into the room. Mistress Maria came over to me and whispered in my ear that
she was going to make a few pesos and I had better cooperate. She said that
regardless of what I heard I should only take instructions from her. I heard
some conversation then felt a mouth on my penis again. It felt good. I also felt
the presence of others in the room. I was then kissed on the lips with someone's
tongue exploring the inside of my mouth. It lasted for about a minute abruptly
ending with my getting a mouthful of saliva. Someone then took my hand and led
me to the bed. I was led slowly because the mouth on my penis never let go. I
lay on my back and while I was being sucked off someone sat on my face. I
guessed it to be Mistress Francisco because it did not taste like Mistress
Maria. It did not take long for me to cum. The mouth on my penis stayed put for
at least ten minutes. Just as my penis was getting hard again I heard Mistress
Maria say something in Spanish. The mouth left my penis and who ever was sitting
on my face got off. A mouth then replaced the crotch that was on my face.
Mistress Maria told me to open my mouth wide and swallow what was being offered.
I soon recognized the taste of sperm. It was my own. I then felt a mouth on my
penis again, which got hard amazingly fast as I heard what sounded  like
applause. Apparently Mistress Maria was putting on a sex show with me as the
central star. I then realized how she planned to make money.

I came a second time after awhile and again was forced to drink my own sperm. I
guessed that I was performing with at least two women in front of an audience.
When it was all over after about an hour I could hear the room clear out except
for Mistress Maria. She told me that I had indeed performed before a small group
of locals and hotel guests. She said the rest of the day and evening would be
similar and that she would put on shows on a request basis. She said so far the
audience would only watch, but she would put on whatever activity they wanted.
She said she had been waiting for this a long time because many of the hotel's
visitors had asked for special shows, but so far they were hard to produce.
After the previous performance Mistress Maria felt she could put on whatever
shows her clients wanted. She then surprised me by asking me how it felt to get
sucked off by a man. She said a man dressed up like a maid performed one of my
blowjobs. She asked me if I knew which one of my two cums it was. I truly could
not tell because both orgasms were very satisfying. Even the kissing was soft
and sensuous. The thought of being kissed by a male however bothered me. In some
sort of perverted thinking the thought of a penis in my mouth was less
objectionable than a man's tongue. It finally became quiet and as I lay in bed
wondered what would come next.

I didn't have to wait long. I heard Mistress Maria come back. By now I could
sense Mistress Maria both by her smell and the sound of her high heels as she
walked about. It is amazing how your other senses become stronger to compensate
for those that have been removed. I was blindfolded for a few hours now, but in
all reality I totally lost track of time. Mistress Maria said a new group was
assembling. I then felt ropes being applied to my wrists and ankles. My penis
was also tied up and pulled backwards between my legs. I had no idea how many
people were working on me or what their sex was. Mistress Maria whispered in my
ear that before she was going to have the high paying customers come in and
watch she invited some of her maids and cleaning people to come to the suite to
enjoy themselves with me. Maria this was a way to keep her staff in on what she
was doing. She didn't want any of her staff to tell outsiders what was going on
and furthermore she felt she might learn a few new tricks

For the next few hours I lost track of how many people I orally serviced. Every
few minutes I felt someone else sitting on my face. I also had to tongue and
suck quite a few ass holes as well. I only hoped that I was licking and sucking
women. I fantasized that I was serving a number of beautiful and young women.
Actually as I later found out I was servicing young and old, small and large,
and white and black women, with a few men falling into the same categories. As I
lay on my back tied in a spread eagle position I felt my toes and fingers being
sucked. At times even my nipples were being licked and sucked. All in all the
sensations were very pleasant. The only unpleasant part of the first few hours
was the occasional liquid I had to swallow. Mistress Maria was always present
because she would say, "now swallow what is being offered to you." She must have
given instructions to the women to urinate slowly because I was not to let one
drop of anything go to waste. I suspect the women would have been disciplined if
they overwhelmed me by spilling urine that I could not swallow fast enough and
let it spill on the bed.

Every now and then a bare foot was shoved in my mouth. I would then have to suck
and lick toes. The feet were always sweaty. I guessed that with the maids and
waitresses on their feet all day they enjoyed mouth massages. I was in a daze
and just licked and sucked at anything shoved into my mouth. I was also kissed a
lot on the lips. Often a kiss was accompanied with saliva. I was told to always
keep my mouth open when it was not in use. I also always felt someone on the bed
either touching me or standing over me. With my mouth open there seemed to be
contests to see how good some people's aim was because liquid always seemed to
be coming from someplace. Some liquid probably spilled because after awhile a
funnel was occasionally inserted into my mouth.

After a few hours I was untied and retied on my stomach. My penis was still tied
between my legs so now it was facing up. I felt it being licked and sucked. I
was uncomfortable, but the sensations were very pleasant up until something was
shoved up my butt. My penis was then untied and I was retied on my back with a
dildo firmly inserted. Now I was not feeling that good. The dildo felt a mile
long. I then felt something being inserted into my penis. It was a catheter. It
was very painful. A tube was then inserted into my mouth and I was told to suck.
As I sucked I could feel a slight sensation in my penis. Apparently the catheter
went right from my penis into my mouth. Mistress Maria said I should go ahead
and pee and suck at the same time. I had drunk so much that urinating was no
problem, but as I peed, I recycled myself immediately. I could hear everyone in
the room laughing and applauding. Mistress Maria said the tube was transparent
and everyone could see the fluid going directly from my penis into my mouth. I
then felt someone masturbating me. It felt good and I soon came a third time
that day. I could taste my own urine and sperm mixing together. I thought that
at least it was my own.

It must have been getting late because I heard Mistress Lisa and Master Jose
coming back from the beach with Ann. The room seemed to clear out. Lisa and Jose
were very pleased with what they saw. They told Maria that she could come back
in a few hours and have me for the evening. The three of them were just going to
get dressed and go out for dinner. Ann was told to sit on my face while Lisa and
Jose got changed. I quickly recognized Ann's taste, it felt good. I then heard
Jose come in the room telling Ann to get off me and take a shower. He and Lisa
were in the room now and I could hear them having intercourse. I could hear Jose
have his orgasm and Lisa complaining that she did not yet have hers. Jose told
her to use me. Lisa then mounted my face and told to eat her out. I could taste
Jose's sperm which ran right down my throat. Lisa told me to swallow everything,
which really excited her, and she quickly had her own orgasm. I could feel her
vagina twitching as she came. I then heard Ann come back into the room just as
Jose came back from his shower. He told Ann to get on her knees and give him a
blowjob as he kissed Lisa. He said he did not have a good orgasm before with
Lisa and wanted to be finished off as he and Lisa kissed. He told Ann to suck
all she could out of him but not to swallow. Jose then told Ann to empty the
sperm in her mouth into my mouth. I could not believe how much liquid Ann
emptied into my mouth. I had to swallow twice to get all of Jose's sperm and
Ann's spit down. Now twice within the same hour I tasted another man's sperm, a
first for me. I noticed that just like urine, sperm did not all taste the same.
My sperm was much saltier than Jose's. I almost threw up and as Lisa saw my
gagging told me that if I threw up she would save it and have my drink my own
bile. I worked hard not to throw up anything.

After a while I sensed I was alone in the room. I really lost track of time
lying on my back with the hood over my head. It could have been minutes or
hours. I actually fell asleep. I was awakened by Maria who was slapping my
penis. She said this evening I would go through something completely different
than what I had gone through this afternoon. This was the first time I realized
that it was evening. As far as I was concerned it could have been the evening of
the next day. I was told I would be untied and again be instructed to do various
acts for and with some new visitors. This time the visitors would be hotel
guests. The only none guests would be two other slaves Mistress Maria had join
them in case a guest wanted to watch something more exotic. I was untied but
still had straps around my ankles and wrists, which could be used for various
bondage situations and the ever present hood. Mistress Maria constantly would
surprise me with her imagination.




Chapter 10


I was led back to the bed where I was laid on my back with my hands still tied
behind me. It was very uncomfortable and a bit painful. Mercifully noting my
discomfort my hands were untied but then quickly re-tied to my sides. In other
words my wrists were tied to my thighs. It felt funny, but was comfortable. I
could hear chairs shuffle and I suspected some sort of show was being put on
with me the star. I was correct. Before long I felt a rather large and smelly
butt on my face and was told by a voice I did not recognize to start using my
tongue. As instructed I started to ream out someone's asshole. I hoped it was a
female, it wasn't, but I did not find that out till later. Actually, if I paid
attention, I could have felt a penis slapping me on my neck and chin. It wasn't
long before I felt someone lowering themselves on my very erect penis. From what
I heard Maria tell the two people that were on top of me, they were to fuck my
penis and mouth simultaneously while facing each other and kissing. This went on
for some time. I was very aroused but didn't cum. It also hurt quite a bit with
all that weight on top of me. After about half an hour I could feel the woman on
my penis have an orgasm. The person sitting on my face was then told to suck on
my penis and clean it off. As the person bent down I could definitely feel a
penis. I was sucking a man's asshole for the past thirty minutes. I almost threw
up.

The man was then told to suck my penis and to move back and insert his penis
into my mouth. Here were two men in a 69 position. The audience must have loved
it, because I could hear the cheering, and it sounded like a bunch of women. No
wonder they were cheering. Maria said whoever came first would get a treat and
the other "slave" would get a treatment. So apparently the man on top of me was
also a slave. Maria later introduced me to this slave. It was a bit of a shock
because what I thought to be a small man was really a young black boy who could
not have been more than eighteen. He was a bus boy who worked in the kitchen and
"belonged" to the chef. Since I came twice already I couldn't cum fast enough. I
felt the penis in my mouth swell and finally erupt. I lost the contest because I
could not cum fast enough. For a small boy he certainly had a lot of sperm. I
had to swallow at least four times to get all of his salty sperm down.

Maria said that as a punishment for not cuming, I was going to be a slave to the
boy slave that just came in my mouth for the next hour or so. He could do
anything he wanted to or with me, it just had to be in the room in front of
others who wanted to watch. This didn't seem to bother him because he was a bit
of an exhibitionist. The first thing he did was get me off the bed, untie my
hands, and get me on my hands and knees. As I was in this position it was not
long before I felt a probing on my rear and soon enough I felt what must surely
be a cock being shoved up my ass. Before I realized what was happening, another
cock was shoved in my mouth. There was a commotion and I could sense a lot of
movement around me. I felt someone sucking my toes and there was another mouth
on my penis. Apparently someone was under me as well. I heard the word switch
and the penis was pulled out of my mouth and the one in my rear simultaneously.
And just as quickly replaced with new penises in my rear and mouth. I quickly
could taste my own rear in the new penis in my mouth, which exploded almost
immediately. I swallowed as quickly as I could. Someone then kissed me and tried
to suck the liquid out of my mouth. I was in a daze. During the next hour that
the male slave had me I must have sucked ten cocks, most of which started in my
or someone else's butt. I could taste the difference. This was this young man's
first taste of being a Master, and he seemed to enjoy it surprising even the
hard core Maria. I was pleased that at least the young slave turned Master was
not into water sports. He was gay however because I don't think anything I was
tasting or sucking was from a woman.

When the young man was finished with me I was quickly taken over by Maria again.
She had me crawl under what seemed a table. I could feel a number of feet all
over me. As it turned out I was under a table and as people were eating and
drinking I was to suck on feet and toes. After about half an hour a collar was
placed around my neck and my head was pulled up in between people's legs. I
could hear laughing and the sound of both sexes. The first set of legs that
pulled at me belonged to a woman who had a very nice smelling crotch. I worked
on her till she came and was rewarded by a small stream of her urine. I then
heard her refuse sex from someone. He asked why and she replied that she did not
like the fact that he was uncircumcised and had goo all around the head of his
penis. He asked the woman if she would have sex with him if he cleaned it. She
said maybe. I then felt my leash being pulled. The man told me to clean his
penis nice and clean so that his female friend would have sex with him. The
woman got real excited by this and actually held the penis while a licked and
sucked it clean. She guided me all over the head of the penis to make sure it
was clean. She pulled back the foreskin to make sure I got everything clean. I
then felt her fingers hold open the hole at the end of the penis and guided my
tongue into it. I could sense the woman getting ever more excited and the man
was getting excited by the woman watching another man servicing him. I could
hear her explaining that she had seen many porno movies showing two women
getting it on, but now that she saw a man on a man she could see how exciting it
was. The man could not restrain himself any longer. He said that if this is what
she wanted then so be it. He told the woman to bend over and he would have her
doggy style. As this was going on I was placed on my back between the couple so
that my head was right where the action was. I was told to lick the man's penis
as it was going in and out of her. The woman liked this but told the man that
unless he was wearing a condom not to cum inside her. With me under him he said
"no problem". After about fifteen minutes I felt him pulling out of her as he
quickly put has penis in my mouth and kept on pumping till he came. I swallowed
everything he had as I wondered how many men I had sucked off so far. As he
started to pull out his girl friend told him to keep it in me for a while. He
did and she let out a squeal of approval and dared her friend to keep me
attached to his penis all night. He asked Maria how long he could have me
because he did not like to use condoms and wanted to please his girl friend. She
told him he could have me as long as he could pay for it.

As it turned out I was dragged around for the next two hours with my head firmly
attached to this man's uncircumcised penis. At least it was now clean and
fortunately even though his girl friend dared him to pee into my mouth, he
didn't for which I was thankful. Somehow swallowing another man's sperm did not
disgust me as much as drinking another man's urine. The man mostly sat on my
face while he was being fondled by his girl friend. Every now and then I could
feel someone mouthing my penis which was behind the man who was sitting on me. I
could not tell if it was male or female, but fanaticized it was the later. For
some reason this man did not mind having his penis in another man's mouth. I
thought he was gay, but it was just a power trip for him. He also found that it
was turning the other women in the room on. For some reason just as men get
turned on by seeing two women going at it, some women like to see two men
getting it on for no other reason that it does not happen that often in porno
videos.

At one point I felt the penis removed from my mouth as the man slid back. His
girl friend promptly sat on my face. It seemed she was facing him. She told me
to suck on her anus. He then moved forward and entered her while I was eating
her out. The weight was almost unbearable as the two sat on me and moving back
and forth. She again warned him not to cum inside her. I could hear the room
filled with people watching this spectacle and cheering them on. He said he was
about to cum and she quickly got up as he pulled my head tightly against his
crotch shoving his penis down my throat again. Now I knew what it was like to be
deep throated. I could feel his penis going half way down my throat as I
breathed through my nose. I did not have to swallow but felt my insides filling
up with his fluids. He must have urinated because there was no way he could have
had so much sperm after a second orgasm. I was being filled up with liquid and
could not do anything about it as I half swallowed to keep from choking. I felt
the penis softening and the strange sensation as it slowly shrank and slid out
of my throat. It still filled my mouth however because he did not let go of my
head. It must have felt good for him. His girl friend then told him not to be
such a hog and let me finish off her orgasm. He pulled out his penis and just as
quickly she sat on me. She said to first finish eating out her butt because it
felt so good. As I was doing this I heard her ask someone to suck on her toes. I
was getting excited just listening to her giving out instructions. She was ooing
and aahing. After what seemed an eternity she slipped back so I could work on
her vagina. She peed a little and then had a violent orgasm. She then did a very
unusual thing. She swung around and while I was still mouthing her vagina she
started to suck on my penis and told me to pee in her mouth. Apparently this
woman was one of Maria's slaves who was told to suck all the juice out of me if
she dared to pee into my mouth. She took the dare. This woman would have put Ann
to shame the way she drank me up. She sucked my penis so hard it hurt. I was
still hard from excitement, which made it hard for me to pee, however I had
drank so much I had to go very badly. This woman and I stayed in a 69 position
for at least half an hour while she drank all I could give her. It took me at
least fifteen minutes to completely relieve myself and she took it all. I was
afraid she would give it back to me but she didn't. Nevertheless Maria still
kept us in our 69 position till she was ready for something else.

The "something else" would come up soon as I heard someone say they would love
to see two men 69 and drink all of each other's fluids, but fortunately there
were no gay slaves in the room. Maria said that maybe later in the evening she
would put on such a show.




Chapter  11

In the back of my mind I was wondering about Lisa, Jose, and Ann. I thought I
heard them but then remembered they were going to spend a day at the beach but
that seemed ages ago. Maybe after the beach they went out to dinner because even
in my stupor I knew it was getting late into the night. I guessed it must have
been close to midnight when I definitely heard them. Lisa and Jose had Ann
service a number of the guests from what I could hear, so they must have
returned to the condo much earlier. I heard Maria tell Jose that I was a good
boy and pretty much did as I was told. I could hear Jose and Maria talk, then I
felt that only the four of us were left. I was wrong. Lisa told Ann to assume
the position so I could pee into her mouth. I had no problem with all the liquid
I was forced to drink during the day. The situation was then reversed with a
twist. I could hear Ann say she had not gone all day and was afraid that I could
not swallow fast enough. She felt that once she started she would not be able to
control herself. I was not especially happy to hear this. Lisa then asked me if
I still had her's and Ann's toe nail clippings in my mouth (from the plane
ride). I nodded yes and opened my mouth to show her. She said now was a good
time to swallow them, there would be more for me before we left for home. She
then had me lie on my back and strapped a funnel to my mouth. The stem of the
funnel was very long and extended almost into my throat. It was a large funnel.
Lisa then told Ann to relieve herself into the funnel. I recognized Ann's sweet
urine right away. She must have given me half a quart, and I swallowed
everything being afraid of being punished. Fortunately it was a large funnel.

As everyone seemed to be getting ready for the night I heard a knock on the
door, then Maria's voice. They were talking in Spanish as I heard them enter the
room. I was still lying on my back on the bed with the funnel in my mouth. The
funnel was removed which made me feel better because it meant no more drinking.
As it was being removed I could hear Maria tell Lisa not to put the funnel away,
she wanted to use it tomorrow. I was then told to open my mouth and to keep it
open. I did this and as I lay there with an open mouth I was being kissed (I was
still blind folded). It felt good and I could tell it was Ann. Ann was told to
lick out the insides of my mouth and use plenty of saliva to get out any
residual urine. Her soft mouth and tongue felt great even if it did come with a
lot of her spit. It was just good having a woman to kiss. She finally was told
to stop and just as quickly I felt someone else getting on the bed. I was tied
spread eagle and could not move. Someone then tied a string around the base of
my penis and balls. This kept me unusually hard. I then felt a new mouth on my
penis. It felt good, exceptionally good. I thought it might be Maria because
whoever it was, was doing a great job. I then felt this new person move around
and place their legs on both sides of my head. Thank goodness it was a small
person and I thought someone would replace Ann for the night. I visualized one
of the small attractive maids I had seen earlier. My penis was still in this
person's mouth and I was warned not to cum as of yet. I could urinate if I
wanted, but I was empty and didn't have to, but I was not allowed to cum. The
mouth on my penis felt extremely good so it was very difficult controlling
myself. I also didn't want to upset the person giving me this wonderful blowjob.
At that point I figured out that this new slave would be tied to me for the
night in the familiar 69 position. Somehow Lisa and Jose got very turned on by
seeing two people in a 69 position especially if they were tied together that
way. I braced myself for whoever was going to be tied to me and only hoped that
they didn't weigh too much. I then got the surprise of the weekend as a penis
was inserted into my mouth. This new person who was sucking my penis had a
penis. I quickly lost my erection, but only for a short time. Maria whispered
into my ear to tell me how lucky I was. The slave who was on top of me was a new
busboy who just turned eighteen. He was being trained by her to be a house
slave. He apparently did something wrong that day and was being punished. I
wondered what I had done wrong.

The slave on top of me could not have weighed over one hundred pounds. He
however had a very large penis, almost as large as mine. It filled up my mouth.
We were then tied together ankle to wrist and wrist to ankle. They even tied our
thumbs and big toes together. Some rope was also shoved under me a few times and
we were tied around the middle as well. More rope also secured our forearms to
each other's thighs. A pillow was placed under my head to raise it and make sure
his penis would stay firmly in place. The way we were tied was to make us as
one. As a matter of fact we were rolled over a few times and it did not change
our positions at all. I don't know how he managed to take my weight, but he did.
We were then told that if either penis slipped out of either mouth we would be
forced to eat each other's shit and then suck off a dog. That prospect scared
the heck out of me and I hoped it scared the busboy. I knew I would not let go
of his penis, I only hoped he would do the same. We were told that a video
camera was trained on us and fed to an adult channel all over the hotel. Guests
viewing the channel were told that if they could see either of our penises
leaving a mouth they would get a free weekend. That was at least the story being
told us. I kept the busboy's penis firmly in my mouth afraid to sleep for fear
of having it slip out. I felt a great sucking sensation on my penis so I felt my
partner felt the same way. There was no way I would eat anyone's shit or suck
off a dog. I hoped they were kidding about that.

As I lay there I could feel his tongue swirling around the head of my penis. I
then felt a hand manipulating it. Apparently someone else was in the room
playing with us. There was also someone's head over mine. I could sense someone
licking the busboy's anus. He finally exploded into my mouth. He had very salty
cum which I had no choice but to swallow. It was not long before I came too
because someone was fondling me. There was cheering in the room as I heard
someone say they could see the busboy swallowing my load. Then I heard Jose tell
the both of us that we should go ahead and pee and they would then leave us
alone. It took some time and this time I was the first to go. The busboy
followed shortly. I was surprised that his urine was not salty at all because
his cum certainly was. I then heard Maria say that she would give her customers
what they wanted tomorrow. Everyone left the room but I could sense the lights
staying on. Then I realized that the lights were necessary if we were being
videoed.

It was a very long evening. I did sleep in short fits. I did not cum anymore
that night but the busboy was a machine. He must have liked his punishment
because he had three more orgasms during the many hours we were tied together
with plenty of fluid going with each ejaculation. In between orgasms he sucked
and let his tongue go all over my penis. He was enjoying himself and getting
himself all excited and turned on. The same was not true for me. I longed for
the previous night when I had been tied to Ann. Even though a male and female
mouth feels the same, knowing it was Ann's mouth on my penis the previous night
was much more exciting than tonight. I did however urinate a few times to pay
him back. He must have enjoyed it and swallowed everything and never let my
penis out of his mouth. It is a very strange sensation to have a penis in your
mouth for that long of a period. After a while it feels both surreal and normal,
except when it expels fluids. I would fall asleep for a short time then wake up
not knowing where I was. Then I could feel my mouth filling up with fluid and I
knew right away where I was. It was also a nice sensation to have my penis in
something soft and moist. It seemed the busboy was enjoying himself because my
penis was constantly being sucked. I could even feel his tongue trying to
penetrate the hole at the end of my penis. He seemed to enjoy sucking out as
much juice as he could get. It was not till much later that I found out that the
busboy was gay and very masochistic. I shuddered to think of the punishment we
might have gone through if he let my penis out of his mouth just to get himself
punished.




Chapter 12

I did finally fall asleep and was awakened by Maria. She was in good spirits and
said she had the whole day planned for me. She had many customers that had many
requests.  I could not believe it when she said that it was 11:00 am. I had been
tied in a 69 position for over eight hours. My jaw was sore, I was hungry, but
not thirsty. I had plenty of liquids but little solid food for the past two
days. I could hear others in the room and wondered where Lisa, Jose and Ann
were. It seems, as I later found out, that Ann had been taken around to various
locations and been subjected to even more severe treatment than what I had been
going through. I only found out what she had been through from Ann herself many
months later. What she told me would be the basis for a separate story in
itself.

So here I was, tied in a 69 position to a perfect stranger. I had no idea what
was to come next. For the next few hours I was fondled and had things shoved in
my rear with Maria constantly telling us to keep each other's penises in our
mouths "or else". I didn't have to be reminded what the "or else" was. I assume
the busboy was going through the same thoughts and ordeal and prayed he would
let go of my penis even though it was getting sore. We were constantly being
rolled over. Sometimes I was on top and sometimes I was on the bottom, but most
of the time we were on our sides.

After a while we were finally untied, almost twelve hours after being tied
together in the first place. Maria then told us since we liked each other so
much we should make love to each other as if we were a man and a woman. I was to
be the man and the bus boy the woman (I assume because he was so small). She
actually had the bus boy put on a mini skirt, a blouse, high heels and some
makeup. He actually looked good. Maria then saw me looking at him (my blindfold
had been removed) and told me to get on with it. There were paying customers in
the room who wanted a show. Maria told me not to worry, she would tell me what
to do. The first thing she wanted was for us to neck, and she said she wanted to
see some tongue and spit. The bus boy had no trouble with this and stuck his
tongue readily in my mouth. Maria said she wanted to see a saliva exchange. At
this point she got up and spit in my mouth and told me to transfer the spit into
my partner's waiting mouth. She then told the bus boy to sit down and ordered me
to take off his shoes and starting with his toes and start licking him till I
came to his "vagina". I did this and as I got close to his small penis he turned
around so I could lick and suck his anus. Everybody in the room cheered us on.
Groups got together and started to make love to each other. One couple was on
the floor and I could see that the man was cuming, and so did Maria. She told us
to stop what we were doing and clean up the couple. I got the man and the busboy
got the woman. It should have been the other way around. Sucking a man's cock
after he has had an orgasm was about as low as I had gotten this weekend. It
would however happen quite often for the remainder of the afternoon. Maria even
positioned both the busboy and me so that anyone having sex could pull out in
the last minute and stick their penises in our mouths so that their partners did
not have to worry about getting pregnant. It was the woman's choice, and most of
them took it. Every now and then Maria even made the bus boy and me exchange the
cum in our mouths before finally swallowing it. The woman had an endless and
devious imagination.

Finally when it seemed there was nothing else to do with the crowd thinning out,
Maria said that she had one more request before we were relieved. She had a
wicked smile on her face. She was being paid a lot for what was to come next. A
wealthy French couple was going to pay a lot to see some extraordinary things of
their own making. They come over from France once a year and with each visit
they concoct new and more bizarre episodes. Jose and Maria always look forward
to their visits, and not just for the financial benefits. They seldom
participate. They are however the ultimate voyeurs. They wrote Jose what they
wanted last month. He forwarded the request to Maria after translating the
letter into Spanish for her. He gave her plenty of time to prepare. I suspect
that is one of the reasons I was brought down for this visit and ordeal.  Maria
put back my blindfold and lead me back to the bedroom where she told me to rest
up for what would come next. She teased me by saying that Ann and I would most
likely fail at what everyone expected us to do. I took it as a dare but must
admit was a bit afraid of what they expected of Ann and myself. At least I would
be "doing it" with Ann, and not some stranger. As much as Mistress Lisa had
forced me into bisexual situations, I never enjoyed doing anything with a male.
I really had to be forced. Women turn me on, not men. There have been times when
I have been propositioned by a man in a bar, but so far have never even come
close to accepting. Lisa swore that she could change me. I don't think so. While
there is a bit of homosexuality in each of us, being homosexual is something
that one is born with, not acquired.




Chapter 13


This is probably a good place to describe the French couple and a bit about
their background. They are really not French but US transplants. They have
however lived in France so long that they actually have a slight French accent.
It is probably put on, but it sounds nice. I found out about the French couple
from Mistress Lisa after we got back to LA. The man's name is Ken and the
woman's name is Nan. Ken was a fairly famous film director and Nan was an
aspiring actress. Against Hollywood tradition they have been married for over
thirty years. This surprised me because I didn't think they looked that old.
They are by far the definition of the perfect voyeurs. Virtually everything they
do is creating situations where they can watch others. They develop scripts and
hire all sorts of people to act them out. They sometimes just watch, but usually
video their creations. I am sure their private collection runs into hundreds of
hours on tapes. I am also sure they trade a lot with special friends, associates
and underground groups.

At any rate, about twenty years ago Ken was caught making a porno film on the
side and used an under age actress. I really think that neither Ken or Nan
thought the actress was under age, but in those days one hardly checked these
things. I also believe he was filming this flick for distribution. In actuality
the girl was barely sixteen and of course looked much older. Before being
prosecuted and to avoid possible prison Ken and Nan moved to Paris. Paris was
the logical choice because both spoke perfect French having traveled there
extensively. As it turned out this suited them well. Ken had made a lot of money
and the French were much freer thinkers. Ken picked up his film career and Nan
took up very quickly with her passion of dominance. Ken made mostly
documentaries but had some very recognizable titles in the U.S. to his credit.
He produced under a pseudonym. I won't mention the names of his films in this
story because I am sure Ken wants to remain anonymous. They fit in the French
community very well and soon developed a new circle of friends who were broken
into two groups. One group was completely straight and was necessary for his
film career. The other group was very heavy into BDSM. The straight group of
friends were totally unaware of the other group.

One of the things Nan wanted more than anything was to have a personal body
servant. She thought of it while still living in LA but never found the right
person. She decided that now that she was living in France with little to do she
would look for and train the perfect body servant and started by advertising in
some underground newspapers. Many years ago she thought of making Ken her body
slave but it would not be. Ken just was not subservient enough.  She went
through a number of young women, but never found the right one. They would serve
her, but most were reluctant and would only go so far. After about six months a
young man answered her ad, which was actually geared towards attracting women
slaves. Nan was reluctant at first to have a male body servant but after all the
false starts during the previous six months decided to try this young man out.
After all, even though she was bisexual, she did prefer men. Also, having a man
servant would be less of a distraction for Ken.

He showed up for the interview and Nan was immediately impressed by how the
young man acted. His name was John and he was an aspiring artist with delicate
features. Nan decided to give him a try and John worked out perfectly right from
the beginning. He was submissive in nature and did whatever Nan asked of him. It
took only a few weeks before John was Nan's little slave. He bathed her, dried
her off, served her, cleaned the house and did just about everything for her and
Ken. John did not, for the time being, serve as Ken's body servant. That came
much later. Nan decided to train John from the bottom up. She started with her
feet. Nan had a powerful foot fetish, especially with her own feet. At first
John would give her massages, then pedicures and as time went on John was
instructed to use his mouth on her toes. Nan loved this and John would spend
hours sucking Nan's toes, especially at the end of the day. Nan tried to push
John as far as possible, and he always obeyed without objections. I could spend
an entire chapter on how John was instructed on the care of Nan's feet, but that
will be the subject of another story.

Nan decided to crank it up a notch. She had John literally eating out of her
hand. She told John that he would soon only eat and digest solids and liquids
approved by Nan. He seemed fine with this idea. His first indoctrination was
after a pedicure when Nan asked John to eat all her toenail clippings. John did
not hesitate. Noting this Nan told John that from now on he would have to digest
everything belonging to Nan with the exception of solid waste. Nan told John if
this was not acceptable he could leave her employ now, but if he accepted there
was no turning back. John readily accepted. This started a new tradition of
weekly pedicures when John would have to eat all clippings and skin that came
off her feet. He had to clean her feet with his mouth. If he could not clean
them well enough using his own saliva he could use water, but he would then have
to drink the dirty water. Nan then also had John give her manicures following
similar procedures as with pedicures. In other words John had to ingest all of
Nan's fingernail clippings, etc. Next on the list was pubic hair. Nan liked to
have her pubic area neatly shaved with only a small area left above the vagina.
John would shave Nan's pubic area and again have to eat all the hair. The final
portion of John's indoctrination to be a total body slave was to be Nan's toilet
slave. Nan wanted John to drink her urine. It started with once a week, then
once a day, and finally after four weeks John had to drink all of Nan's urine.
The only exception was when Nan urinated away from home. Even then she would
sometimes bring back a bottle for John to drink. Having John ingest everything
from Nan created a bond between the two. Even solid food was often first
pre-chewed by Nan. It was an incredible arrangement. Absolutely everything John
could eat or drink would have to come from Nan's body, directly or indirectly.

Nan was thinking of using John for Ken as well but thought if Ken wanted a body
servant he should get one of his own. As a trial Nan instructed John to be Ken's
body servant for just one day but it didn't work out. Neither John nor Ken
enjoyed the experience. They felt a bit uncomfortable. This did not deter Nan
who loved the power she had over John. The day John was to serve Ken started
with a pedicure. John then was instructed to suck Ken's cock while Nan and Ken
kissed. Ken did have an orgasm but he felt uncomfortable with a man between his
legs. Eventually Nan also had John drink Ken's urine. Nan got a tremendous buzz
watching John suck Ken's penis. This really turned her on. Nan did have plans to
turn John into "Joan" for special occasions, but that came much later. Somehow
Nan was more turned on seeing a man suck her husband's penis then seeing a woman
doing it. For Ken it was the other way around. Plans were to eventually get a
female body servant for Ken. This way Ken and Nan could have private shows at
their home having two slaves perform for them. The problem was that they could
never find a female slave who could be as submissive as John. They finally gave
up on the idea. Their interim solution was to transform John into Joan and in
this way Ken seemed to accept this arrangement. Nan slowly transferred John into
a female and when he played this role he would be Ken's body servant doing for
him everything he did for Nan. Transforming John meant that he would wear female
attire, a wig, and appropriate makeup. He always had to have his body clean
shaven anyway so dressed up as a female he really looked the part. He also had
to wear a tampon in his rear to further look and "feel" the part.

Since Nan and Ken never were able to find a suitable female live in slave they
settled on their annual trip to Mexico to live out their fantasies of watching
other slaves do outrageous things with and to each other and others. They often
planned their Mexican trip months in advance sending Jose detailed instructions
to be carried out before their arrival. Nan would never give up trying to find a
suitable live in female slave in France, however in the mean time Mexico would
fill the void. I believe the experience Ann and I had with Nan and Ken
represented their fifth trip to Mexico. Their first trip was exploratory so they
could meet Jose who they met on the internet when it was in its infancy. Mexico
was perfect because Nan and Ken were still concerned with traveling to the
United States.

Nan did travel around Europe every other month or so often staying away for as
long as a week. She loves to collect antiques. During Nan's trips John would
become Joan and serve as Ken's personal body slave. Ken enjoyed this more than
he cared to admit. Ken entertained extensively while Nan was away on her
shopping trips. Ken would invite men, women and couples over and had Joan serve
and service all of them. Few ever guessed that Joan was John and no one was the
wiser. At the time of this story John was Nan's body servant for almost ten
years.

When Nan and John traveled together they rarely took John with them. Instead
they would give John to one of their dominant friends. Actually they would not
give John or "Joan" to their friends, they would rent him to them. Every now and
then they would also rent John to someone they knew who wanted a traveling
companion. John would travel as John or Joan depending on the customer. Usually
it was as Joan. There was never a problem finding someone to care for John when
they were away.  The problem was really friends who wanted to rent John when Nan
and Ken were in town.  Since Nan and Ken did not rent out John for extended
periods while they were in town there was always a waiting list of those who
wanted to rent him for extended periods.

The adventures of John could easily be the basis for a book in itself. Now for
what Nan and John had in store for the new couple Jose had procured for them.
Even Jose was anxious for what he was about to witness.




Chapter 14

So now we can go on with the story about the "French" couple. I will use term
"the French couple" in this story because at the time I did not know what or who
they were or their names.

As the reader might recall from the end of Chapter 12, I was tied in a 69
position to a stranger for an extended time. Finally, I heard Maria give some
instructions in Spanish and I then felt a number of hands lifting the two of us
while still being bound together. We were being carried to another room. I was
blindfolded so it felt very strange being carried this way. It seemed we were
being carried to the bathroom, which as I recall, had a huge Jacuzzi that could
easily hold two or three couples. Sure enough we were laid down in what felt
like the Jacuzzi. It was empty and felt cold. We were still tied together in our
69 position and I heard, in a French accent, a woman say "too bad they didn't
let a penis out of one of their mouths, I would have loved to see them eat each
other's shit". This was a scary statement that sent shivers down my spine. As I
found out later, the French couple was not gay but loved to see straight couples
in homosexual situations and visa versa. They did not know that the busboy tied
to me was gay. This would have upset them. They however were very pleased to
know that we had been tied together all night and had to drink each other's
fluids per their instructions. It seems they were the reason the busboy and I
were tied together this long. Their implicit instructions were that we would be
tied together for a minimum of eight hours.

Unknown to me the French couple had two other straight male slaves in the other
room sucking each other off who also had been given special instructions by way
of Maria. Maria was a busy girl but loved the power she had especially over men.
This was not very common in macho Mexico.  The special instructions given to
these two men were that as soon as one of them had an orgasm he had to
immediately suck off the other. The two were slaves recruited locally for the
French couple's enjoyment. Each slave was to have three orgasms before they were
to be released. A female Mistress was present to make sure there was no
cheating. This whole affair was also being video'd. The rules were that as soon
as one of the slaves was about to cum he had to pull out and shoot his load into
the other slave's mouth so his cum could be observed. Not a drop of cum could be
spilled. The two slaves had started at eight in the morning as the French couple
was having their breakfast in the same room. The first set of orgasms took only
fifteen minutes. The second set took almost two hours. The slaves were now
working on their third set which might take the rest of the day, which was fine
with the French couple. They however did allow females to fondle the slaves to
help them with their third orgasm. The couple loved to see multiple partners.
The more the merrier. These two slaves were still in the room when I left the
next day bound to each other in an almost impossible way. God only knows what
they would be going through.

Now for one of the most disgusting things I ever encountered. While in the tub
enclosure we were rolled over so I was on top. I then felt something inserted
into my rectum. It was an enema. I slowly felt my insides fill up. Luckily I had
little to eat for the past twenty-four hours so my stomach was empty. After what
seemed to be the longest time the enema was removed and a dildo inserted in my
rear with a strap keeping it in place. I thought I would explode. It was all I
could do to keep the busboy's penis in my mouth. Finally Maria removed the dildo
and said I could let go. I thought of the poor busboy underneath me but could
not help myself. I let go and soon we were both covered with my excrement We
laid there in my excrement for a short while and the smell was overpowering. We
still managed to keep each other's penises in our mouths. Now I was very
concerned that we would have to eat each other's shit if either of us let a
penis slip from our mouths. The French couple's resolve was very sobering. I was
wondering what the busboy was thinking and wondered what would come next if this
was only the beginning. Finally I felt a shower being turned on and we were
washed off. The ordeal however was far from over.

We were finally untied and got out of the oversized tub. My freedom was short
lived. Spreader bars were quickly placed between my wrists and ankles. Before
long I felt the spreader bars that were attached to my ankles being lifted so
that I was suspended with only my shoulders touching the ground. With my feet
spread apart and in the air I felt very vulnerable. Soon my wrists felt a tug
and I was off the floor. I was hoisted up so my feet were higher than my head,
which hung upside down about three feet off the ground. I felt hands all over me
and before long I felt a pair of smooth legs on both sides of my head. I hoped
it was a woman's legs. Hands held my head up so I could service what did turn
out to be a "her". It felt good to have my face buried in a woman's crotch for a
change. She squirmed and held me tight till she had her orgasm. Over the next
hour I serviced a number of the housemaids and unfortunately a few houseboys in
the same manner. As soon as someone was satisfied they were quickly replaced by
another. There must have been a line. No one urinated which was a blessing
because it was hard to swallow with my head upside down. I discovered how hard
it was by having to swallow the sperm of the males who I had to service. I think
I heard the word "swallow" hundreds of times.

As I hung in this position (with a penis in my mouth at the time) I again felt
something being inserted into my rectum. It was another enema. Maria whispered
in my ear that I was going to have a reverse enema. I had no idea what she was
talking about. Unknown to me another slave, perhaps the busboy was being
suspended in the same manner as me. Our feet were actually touching with our
ankles tied together. I heard the French woman say that she was going to see us
digest each other's shit one way or another. I broke into a sweat. I soon felt
my insides fill up again with what I was later told was a wine enema. It was
something that made me feel slightly drunk after a short while. I was then told
I could let loose, but the enema tube was still inside me. I began to understand
what Maria meant be a reverse enema. She said to give slave Ann all I had to
offer. It was then I realized that the slave suspended opposite me was Ann.
Somehow that made me feel better. The other end of the enema tube was inserted
into Ann who was suspended slightly lower than me even though our feet were tied
together, not by the spreader bars but by our big toes.

I did let loose and assumed I was filling up Ann. After about fifteen minutes I
felt myself being lowered and I started filling up again. Apparently the two of
us would alternately be raised and lowered so that the slave who was suspended
higher would transfer their enema to the lower suspended slave. This went on for
well over an hour. We were being raised and lowered as the French couple enjoyed
the sight. I was also getting progressively high on the wine enema. I assumed
Ann must have been feeling the same way. Of course while this was going on I had
someone's crouch in my face whenever I was lowered. I was later told that the
French couple did participate by having Ann and I "do" them as we were being
alternately lowered. The two were facing each other getting sucked off by us. At
least I was doing the woman and I assumed Ann was sucking the man. I could hear
the French woman moaning and enjoying both getting eaten and seeing her two
slaves. I also heard her say lets turn it up a notch.

I was wondering what she meant by her statement to turn it up a notch because I
could not think of anything more bizarre than what Ann and I was going through.
It was now about noon and the French couple broke for the afternoon. I was told
there would be more coming that night, however I could rest for the afternoon
and get something to eat. I still had my hood on so someone would have to help
me. But even the afternoon meal would not be conventional. The couple had left
instructions. As I hung with an enema tube inside me I felt someone grab my
penis. I then felt something being inserted into it. It felt very uncomfortable
and even hurt. The way I was suspended there was nothing I could do. My legs
were strapped to a spreader bar, my toes still tied to Ann's toes, and my wrists
tied to another spreader bar which kept me hanging in mid air. I suppose Ann was
in the same predicament. It soon came to me that a catheter was being inserted
into my penis. I also heard Ann moaning. After awhile a tube was inserted into
my mouth and taped in place. She whispered softly in my ear that I had better
swallow everything coming out of the tube or it would be inserted down my throat
so I would have no choice but to ingest everything involuntarily. I then heard
Maria call out "they are ready now". A soft set of hands held my head and I
again felt lips by my ear. In a French accent a woman's voice ever so sexy said
that I should enjoy what I was about to drink.

I soon tasted liquid. It was unmistakably urine, but whose? It was not mine
because as much as I had to go I didn't because I was not sure I could with the
catheter inside me. I soon recognized Ann's taste. I was then told to relieve
myself. What Maria had set up for the French couple was a complete exchange of
body fluids between Ann and myself. We had tubes connected to all of our
orifices. We were drinking each other's urine and giving each other enemas. My
biggest fear was that we would have to drink each other's enemas. I could hear
people wonder at the flow of fluids. The tubes connecting us, I found out later,
were transparent so one could actually see the flow of fluids. Here I was
blindfolded and suspended by a series of ropes and pulleys in addition to being
connected to Ann by the tubes. I could feel myself being raised and lowered
every now and then and could only assume Ann was going through the same thing
because of the way our big toes were tied together.  We must have been quite a
sight, and little did I realize that there was much more to come.




Chapter 15

We had now been suspended for over six hours and no doubt had ingested various
tastes and flavors as well as different consistencies of liquids. Someone must
have noticed our discomfort because I felt a sling being positioned behind my
head to keep it in an upright position. Up till now my head was unsupported and
hung upside down for most of the time. I got dizzy at first but somehow after
awhile got used to it. Furthermore, every now and then when someone wanted to be
orally serviced the tube in my mouth was removed and my head was held up as a
pair of legs straddled my neck. It never ceases to amaze me as to what the human
body can get used to. As far as the different flavors I was tasting can be
explained, apparently the other end of the tube which was inserted in my mouth
was inserted into a number of people besides Ann. All this while we were still
alternately raised and lowered exchanging enemas. I thought nothing could be
worse. I was wrong.

I heard Jose and Lisa come into the room to join the French couple. They asked
what we had drunk so far. I could hear them listing all the people we had tasted
and ingested. I heard Lisa ask how much was feed us direct or by funnel.
Apparently a funnel was sometimes used on the other end of the tube that was
inserted into us to provide more variety at the entry level. I heard Lisa say,
"let's see" and my mouth was soon was filling up. I swallowed as fast as I could
as I recognized Lisa's familiar urine and then someone else's. I then heard Lisa
say she had never seen anything so erotic in her life. She sounded very excited.
I could almost feel her brain going ninety miles an hour thinking of all the
possibilities. The French couple then said it was time to clean us out.

With that I felt a warm enema entering me. I was told to expel and hoped it was
not going into Ann. It wasn't because she was going through the same thing and
the tube going into my mouth wasn't providing me with anything. I was "flushed
out" three times before the French man said "ze seem clean now." I was surprised
however to feel a new enema going into me. I felt a buzz so the new enema must
have had some alcohol in it. I then heard Lisa say, "let me control the valves."
Now I was puzzled. What valves? What the couple had concocted was to have all
the tubes coming in and out of us connected to a manifold so that by opening and
closing valves Ann and I could expel and/or receive anything from each other or
ourselves. A twist of a valve could have me drink my own effluent or someone
else's. Now the fun really began. The French couple was saying that they had
planned this plumbing nightmare for over half a year and could not wait to try
it out. Ann and I were the perfect Guinea pigs.

I was told to let my enema go (I needed no encouragement) without knowing what
to expect. It did not take more than a few seconds to realize that it was going
right back into my mouth. It tasted like wine with no other flavor. My insides
must have been cleaned pretty well. I heard Lisa say, almost disappointed, that
the enema looked too clean. For the next few hours I heard people coming and
going and heard sayings such as "What happens when I turn this valve"? I would
then taste either my own or Ann's or someone else's urine, enema, cum, or ??? I
stopped trying to identify the content or the source. What was going to happen
was that as people would come into the room they would pay to play with the
valves. For an extra charge they could attach one of the tubes to themselves or
anyone else in the room that wanted to participate, and there were plenty of
takers. The end result was that Ann and I would have to ingest and expel just
about anything. It was not only turning on the participants, but especially the
French couple who just loved to watch the whole scene, which was being video
taped. I did get a chance to watch the tape a few years later and was incredibly
excited watching it even though I was watching myself. I could clearly see the
tubes attached to Ann and myself. I also saw fluids going into and out of our
mouths and rear ends. I lost track of what I was drinking. I do know that once
in a while I drank something like Milk of Magnesia. I was later told it was in
fact Milk of Magnesia that we drank because the French couple found out that
ingestion of a large quantity of sperm often caused diarrhea. Surprisingly
drinking even large quantities of urine did not cause diarrhea, only sperm. Over
the next few hours Ann and I did in fact drink much sperm. There seemed to be an
endless number of men both straight and gay who visited the French couple's
"play room". At the time I did not realize I was drinking sperm because I could
not picture a penis being attached to one of the tubes, but when I saw the video
I saw how. Actually at one point I heard Nan say she saw a Japanese Bukke orgy
of some sort where women drank as much as a quart of sperm. She wondered if her
two slaves could do it. In preparation to their visit Nan had asked Jose to
collect as much sperm as possible and freeze it. Jose had about six months to
prepare for the visit and told Nan that he had collected about a half a gallon
of sperm. When told this Nan almost had an orgasm thinking of what to do with
all that sperm. She told Jose to get the sperm and let it thaw out while she
thought of how best to use it. She was at first going to pour into the manifold
connected Ann and me together. Her husband then said he would rather see their
two slaves drink the sperm out of a wine glass and see which slave could drink
the most.

Of course some of the tubes connected to the manifold had funnels at the other
end. The funnels were used to let anyone pee, spit or masturbate into them. Some
people came with bottles of liquid that they simply poured into the funnels.
They were instructed before hand by Jose and Maria on what was expected of them
when they came to the room. In some cases a male would get a blowjob and instead
of swallowing, the sperm was spit onto the funnel. I was shocked to see (on the
video) one male come in with a funnel taped to his mouth. He was led by a
Mistress with a leash attached to his scrotum. He was wrapped in leather and
wore a hood. She then had him lie on his back. His Mistress then inserted one of
the tubes connected to the manifold into the small hole at the end of the
slave's penis. It must have hurt from the way the slave was squirming. The
Mistress then had another slave milk him till he had an orgasm. She then pushed
the tube further into the slave's penis. It looked like it went in for at least
twelve more inches. She then sat on his stomach till one could see yellow liquid
going through the transparent tube. The tube went right into the slave's
bladder. Valves were turned on the manifold and I could see that both Ann and I
were drinking the slave's urine/sperm mixture. All this while the slave himself
was drinking other people's urine and sperm through the funnel. Some female
slaves also had tubes inserted into their bladders, which were in turn connected
to the manifold.

This orgy went on all night. Ann and I were suspended for well over twelve
hours. It almost felt natural. Since we were constantly drinking and expelling
into each other we were never full or blotted. Sometimes even a passing slave
was attached to the manifold. It seemed the French couple could not get enough.
Ann and I were finally untied. The tubes were removed and we were allowed to
rest. This was my last night and they wanted me to be well rested for the
morning flight home. I was still blindfolded but could tell it was late. Tonight
started with me being allowed to sleep without being tied to anyone. That was
short lived. Apparently the French couple wanted Ann and me to be uncomfortable.
This time Ann and I were tied together face to face and mouth to mouth. It was
very strange to have our heads tied together tilted so that our tongues were in
each other's mouth. My penis was also inside of Ann. Next our toes were tied to
each other again. Finally, however, our hands were tied behind our backs. It
actually felt pretty good. This lasted for at least four hours and I actually
fell asleep. At about four in the morning we were untied and this time we were
tied in a "foot 69" position. I don't think the French couple ever slept. They
just stayed up all night thinking up crazy situations for Ann and me.

This time I felt the toes of two feet in my mouth and soon felt a mouth around
the toes of one of my feet. With me penis still inside Ann we were tightly bound
together with our hands and arms at our sides. By now I was familiar with Ann's
feet and her toes felt good in my mouth. My toes also felt good in hers. My
penis also felt good inside her. I was again warned not to have an orgasm. I was
told that if I had an orgasm I would have to suck off every male employee in the
hotel. To say the least, I did not have an orgasm. At this point I thought this
would be the end of my ordeal but the following morning would prove different.
Lisa and Jose and Jose's Mexican dominatrix Maria had a contest which would pit
Ann and me against each other. It seemed that Lisa, seeing me in action for the
past few days, thought I could give a better blowjob than Ann. Maria thought
otherwise.

A call was made to line up as many males as possible. It was still quite early,
around 8:00 am. By 8:30 Jose and Maria were able to round up about twenty men,
with the promise of more if necessary. The plan was for us to leave by 12:00
noon so the contest was to begin at 9:00 and last till 10:00, just one hour.
This would give us time to check out and get to the airport by noon. I was still
blindfolded and told about the contest. There was much talking and I heard the
French couple join in talking about the rules. Everyone basically wanted to know
how many blowjobs each of us could give in a one-hour period. They wanted to
make the contest fair so the following rules were agreed upon. Both Ann and I
would get a helper. Ann would get Lisa and I would get the French woman (I never
found out her name till I got back to LA). Only the mouth could be used to make
someone cum. Ann and I would have our hands tied behind our backs but otherwise
would be free to move. Each male would be blindfolded so he could not tell who
was giving him the blowjob. The male had the choice of standing or lying on his
back. The "helper" however could stimulate the male to make him cum faster. This
could be anything short of touching the penis. The French woman quickly found
that she could make her male cum quickly by sticking her fingers up his rear. Of
course Lisa could see this and quickly followed suit. The two women did this as
well as kissed, caressed, and fondled their males while they were being sucked
off. The two men would keep score as everyone watched. By nine am the room and
outside hallway was filled with volunteers. Many of the volunteers were gay, but
since they were blindfolded did not know who would be "doing" them. The only
thing the men were told was that they had to get in line and do what the woman
told them and cum as quickly as possible. The volunteers were told that they
should only pull out their penises when they felt they was properly drained. Ann
and I were told that we had to suck out as much cum as possible from each
volunteer. We were told that we could not waste one drop. If we felt we could
not swallow any more we could spit our mouthfuls into a cup. This would not get
us completely off the hook because we were told we would have to eventually
drink the contents of the cup anyway.

At this point I was glad to be blindfolded. I did not want to see who was
sticking their penis into my mouth. Ann was blindfolded as well. As reward the
winner would have a free month of sessions when back in LA. The French woman and
Lisa had a side bet on who would win. Odds were given and if I won the French
woman would get a slave of her choice for the rest of her stay. If Ann won Lisa
would get $300.  At 9:00 am I hears someone say "comienzo" and immediately felt
a penis shoved in my mouth. I didn't have to move my head because the individual
grabbed my head and started to pump away like crazy. I also could feel the
French woman all over me and sensed her fingers near my mouth. I am sure both
women manipulated each penis to help make their slave win the contest. It didn't
take long for the first man to cum, and while I was trying to swallow everything
another penis quickly replaced the first one. It was going to be a long hour.




Chapter 16


As Ann and I were in a daze after about half an hour we lost track of time as
penis after penis was shoved in our mouths. The French woman was holding my head
and making it move quickly but the men pumped frantically anyway. She whispered
in my ear to suck and lick, which I did. Most of the men came in a few minutes,
but some took much longer which made Frenchy angry. She shouted for me to suck
and swallow and not use my teeth. As each of the men finally pulled out and
before I could take a breath another penis was inserted into my mouth. The man
pumped furiously and this time Frenchy put her fingers into his rear massaging
his prostate which made him cum almost immediately. She again changed positions
and told me to suck and swallow. I lost count after number five. The hour was
over surprisingly fast because I thought it would last forever. I had been
forced to suck on a cock or two by my Mistress in the past, but nothing
approached what I was being forced to do. At the end of the hour to everyone's
surprise Ann and I had both given exactly the same number of blow jobs, fourteen
each. My jaw ached and my stomach was full of sperm. I felt a bit sick. The
contest however would not be over till they had a winner. It was decided that
each of us would keep sucking cocks and the first one to suck five more cocks
would be the winner. I immediately had a cock thrust in my mouth, then another
and another. After I had the fifth cock in my mouth I heard a yell from across
the room. Apparently Ann had just given an orgasm to her fifth donor. Instead of
pulling out the person in my mouth was allowed to cum. Frenchy was unhappy with
me and called over to Ann not to swallow her last customer's cum. She was
brought over to me and was told to spit it in my mouth for me to drink. She then
collected the two cups into which we sometimes spit the cum we could not
swallow. She said "not much" and poured both contents into one cup. She then
asked me if I wanted her to pee into the cup to fill it up. I answered "not
really". This was a mistake.

I heard Frenchy call out if anyone wanted to fill the cup. She was angry with me
for not letting her win. She whispered in my ear that I would pay, but first she
kissed me full on my mouth and let her tongue explore me. It felt very good and
took me completely off guard. I heard a general mumble from the people in the
room. I then heard Maria call all the men in the room to form a circle. Frenchy
again whispered in my ear that there were still fifteen men in the room that did
not have their orgasm and were very horny. Maria told the men to take out their
penises and masturbate into a fruit bowl she placed into the center of the room.
She said that she wanted the men to cum fast and the last one to cum would have
to drink up what was in the bowl. The French couple loved what they saw. It did
not take long before the first one had his orgasm. The others looked worried and
started to pump faster. It did not take too long for everyone to cum. There was
a lot of screaming and yelling among the women who were present. I heard Frency
say, "too bad, I did not see who came last. Who should we have drink what is in
the bowl?" She then poured the contents of the bowl into the partially filled
cup. There was so much sperm that it easily filled up the cup. She then came
over to me and told me to chug-a-lug the cup. I could smell the sperm and
hesitated. That was a mistake. She tore into me and said I will do what she has
demanded of me. She said that if I didn't chug-a-lug immediately she would
pierce my penis and have me branded. I immediately swallowed the contents of the
cup. It took three swallows, there was so much. She then filled the cup once
again emptying the bowl. I drank the second cup just as quickly but as I was
about to take my third swallow she said to hold it my mouth so I could savor it.
I just sat there with a full mouth full of sperm. I could taste it and smell it
and nearly threw up. I held it in my mouth for at least fifteen minutes till she
"let" me swallow it. She then further surprised me by kissing me again licking
the inside of my mouth. She loved the taste of sperm. She told me that she milks
her husband every day to get her ration of protein.

It was getting late so my blindfold was removed and this was the first time I
saw the French couple and Maria. As I mentioned previously, the French couple
was much older than I imagined, and Maria was much younger. At least she looked
young because she was very small and could not have weighed much over ninety
pounds. So much dominance from such a little girl. Lisa later told me she was in
her late twenties, which was hard to believe. At this point I thought we were
just about finished with our ordeal when I heard Nan ask Jose about the jars of
sperm that were thawing out. He said they were almost thawed out. With a gleam
in her eye Nan said she wanted a "true" winner of the contest and instructed Ann
and me to sit at a table. We were still nude and felt uncomfortable seeing
around the room without our blindfolds. There were still a dozen or so people in
the room and Nan wanted to put on one last show. She had Maria get two wine
glasses and placed them in front of Ann and me. Nan looked at Maria and scolded
her. She said the glasses she brought were for red wine, her slaves were going
to drink "white" wine. Maria quickly left the room and came back with two rather
large white wine flutes. She then asked Jose to bring in the bottles of sperm. I
almost passed out when I saw him bring in two bottles of sperm. Each bottle held
at least a liter. The look on Nan's face said it all. She was very impressed as
were the other people in the room. I saw a number of amazed faces when Nan said
that "her" two slaves will not be allowed to go home till they consume the
contents of both bottles. Furthermore, who finishes first will be the true
winner of the contest. I looked at the bottles and thought I could not drink
that much water, let alone sperm. Nan took great delight in unscrewing the top
of each bottle and poured the contents into each of the two wine glasses. The
wine glasses were large but as I looked at the bottles they were still more than
three quarters full. Ann and I stared at our glasses. Nan, who was running this
show and enjoying it asked the people in the room if they wanted to place bets
on who would drink their bottle faster. About four people lined up behind me and
eight lined up behind Ann. The teams then were told that they would pour and
induce their slave to finish first. To all in the room Ann and I were still
considered slaves and anyone felt they could do anything to or with us as many
had done during the previous forty-eight hours. To make the contest more
interesting each team was given a cattle probe to be used on Ann and me in case
we were not drinking fast enough. Nan then sat down across the table from us and
said "start".

Both Ann and I picked up our glasses and hesitated as we brought them to our
lips. The hesitation gave me a good shock on my neck. It really hurt and
surprised me. I realized that I really was being treated as a slave and quickly
gulped down the contents of the glass fearing another shock. It took about five
swallows to empty the glass it was so large. I looked over at Ann and could see
she was going through the same torture, only she was getting her shocks to one
of her breasts. She drank her first glass much faster than I drank mine. The
only thing that made drinking the sperm easier was that it was very cold. I
think if it were warm I would have thrown up. My glass was immediately filled up
again and even though I didn't hesitate I got a good shock on my penis this
time. I drank the second glass as quickly a possible. The crowd was yelling "go,
go" and andele`. I was drinking as fast as possible and was still being probed
on my penis. It took about a half an hour and I was trying to drink my last
glass. Looking at the empty bottle amazed me to think I could have drunk that
much sperm. It must have contained the sperm from at least a hundred
ejaculations. Ann had slowed down considerably and someone was filling her glass
just about emptying the bottle. She seemed to hit the wall and just could not
drink anymore. She was being shocked with the probe but just could not go on.
Fearing that she might get hurt Nan told her team to leave her alone and to take
her to the bathroom so she could relieve herself and rest. Attention was now
turned to me. I didn't think I had room for any more liquid, but after repeated
shocks to my penis I finally emptied my last glass believing I won the contest. 
Nan turned to me and gave me a choice. I could relieve myself and either drink
all of my urine or finish the rest of the sperm that Ann had not drunk. Before I
could make up my mind my penis was inserted into my empty bottle. Even though I
was sitting I had no problem urinating. I almost filled up about a quarter of
the bottle. I don't ever remember urinating that much at single seating. I
looked at the warm urine in my bottle and the cool sperm in Ann's glass and the
little left in her bottle and before I could make my decision Ann was brought
back into the room. Nan said both bottles must be finished before we could
leave. She then whispered in Ann's ear. Ann picked up her wine glass full of
sperm and took a mouthful then walked over to me. Nan told me to kiss Ann and
suck the sperm from her mouth. This is the way the rest of Ann's sperm was
finished. When Ann's sperm was finished Nan told Ann to finish my urine filled
bottle in the same manner. The crowd went wild with excitement and I could see
from the corner of my eyes all the activity that was going on. I drank well over
a quart of sperm that morning and a cup of my urine mixed with Ann's saliva. I
hate to admit it but the sperm tasted better than the urine, even though it was
mine.

I had the taste of sperm in my mouth for over a month. Everything I tasted
tasted like sperm. To this day I can't get the taste of sperm out of my mouth or
my mind. I have actually been slightly addicted to the taste and sometimes when
I masturbate I drink my own sperm. Lisa knows of this strange addiction and
often saves sperm for me when I see her every other month or so. She collects it
from her slaves for me, usually only about a cupful. I don't look forward to
drinking it but I know I must. At any rate Ann and I were now finished with the
French couple.

Ann and I took showers and were ready to be taken to the airport by early
afternoon. Jose did not go with us but told Lisa he would be in LA fairly soon
and wanted her to put something together for him and challenged her to make it
even more obscene than what he just experienced. He wanted to outdo the French
couple. She asked if he wanted Ann and me to participate and Jose said that he
would leave it up her. He wanted to test sexual limits and was going to bring a
Master with him to help him push the envelope. In fact he said that he would
like to see a contest between Lisa and his Master to see who could push each
other's slaves the furthest.




Chapter 17

The flight back was uneventful with Ann in the back as before, to service Lisa.
Lisa asked if I still had all of the  toenails given to me on the way down in my
mouth. Much to my surprise they were still there tucked under my upper and lower
lips. I had grown quite accustomed to them by now. Lisa conversed with me over
the noise of the engine as poor Ann was between her legs. I think she had her
head there for most of the trip. Lisa was insatiable. I am sure Ann did more
than give her orgasms. In fact Ann gave me an orgasm too. Lisa released Ann from
between her legs and told her to get up front and give me a blow job. She sat
next to me in the co-pilot's seat and bent down and started to suck me off. It
didn't take too long. Per previous instructions from Lisa Ann  straightened up
and put her mouth to mine. Lisa instructed me to completely suck out her mouth
and drink my sperm. Lisa then told Ann to get back down and keep my cock in her
mouth till I peed into it. I finally got a bit of urine into Ann and this time
Lisa instructed Ann to swallow it. The poor girl was really being used but did
not seem to mind, she was the perfect slave. Lisa handed me a cup and asked if I
had to pee some more because she wanted Ann "full" when we landed in Santa
Monica. I tried but couldn't while I was seated having just emptied what I could
into Ann. Lisa said I would be punished for not peeing into the cup for Ann. At
this point I could not imagine anything worse than what I had been through the
past few days. Sure enough as we approached Santa Monica Lisa handed me a
thermos bottle full of Ann's urine. She had mercifully let Ann pee before we
landed. Lisa said I must drink it down in one long chug-a-lug. It was warm and
nauseating, but I managed to get it down fearing any further consequences. Now I
had to go real bad which I did when we got to the terminal with Lisa's
permission of course. As I said goodbye Lisa said I could swallow the toenail
clipping now, but she wanted me to stick my tongue out first so she could see
that I actually still had them. I did. She then told me to save all my sperm
till I would hear from her. She wanted me to masturbate daily and collect the
sperm in my freezer. She said that when Jose came in a few months I might be
called. I wondered what she had planned, but knew that she was definitely going
to use me.

For the next few months Mistress Nancy let Mistress Lisa use me, and she did.
Lisa became much more aggressive than Nancy ever was. I used to think Nancy was
imaginative, but Lisa became insatiable. The trip to Mexico taught her new
things and awakened something inside her. Nothing was too obscene, be it with
man or beast.

I was very obedient so neither Mistress Nancy or Mistress Lisa would have any
reason to expose me through the videos she had of me. I also felt even more
vulnerable knowing that the French couple also took videos of what they had
orchestrated in Mexico. My own appetite for the bizarre trapped me. I would
always have to be available to either Lisa and Nancy and now the French couple.
As it worked out the French couple really had no intention of exposing me
because they had stables of slaves. It was Nancy and Lisa that had enslaved me.
And enslave they did. I would be called night or day often with little notice
when they needed another slave to perform with one of their customers. Lisa
actually gave me a pager so she could reach me at any time. I was warned that if
I did not respond to a page within fifteen minutes the videos of me would go on
sale. If I showed even the slightest hesitancy either over the phone or while
performing I would be reminded of the videos. Having this over my head made
enslavement easier for me to a certain degree. I had no choice, I just had to
blindly obey.  Slave Ann was probably used even more than me because female
slaves are not as plentiful as male slaves. I wondered what hold my two
Mistresses had on her. I never thought I would ever meet another slave,
especially a female slave that could take humiliation more than me. Ann could. I
have seen her do things I would never do....I think. I wondered how long this
enslavement will last. Ops there goes my pager. I have not seen Lisa for over
two weeks and was actually missing my enslavement. I'm sure that will go away
after I face my next ordeal. I was also wondering what would happen to the sperm
I was saving. Jose never showed up and Lisa told me just keep saving it. So far
I had almost a quart in my freezer, but what Lisa finally did with it is a story
in itself and would make the Bukkake sluts look like amateurs.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Max


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





