BDSM Library - McCarthy Mental Health & Wellness Center




McCarthy Mental Health & Wellness Center
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: MMHWC is set in the America of the insufficiently distant future, where the latest scare is SDD (Sexual Deviance Disorder). The real deviant is Doctor Lyons, a psychiatrist who uses the scare to involuntarily commit (IVC), torture, rape, modify and otherwise mistreat and deprive others of their liberties.
Note to my readers

Please remember that this story is fiction, as are all the characters and events
in it. This story is also very graphic, containing bad language, violence,
torture and the biggest sin of them all: sex. Don't read this story if any of
the preceding may offend you. By reading this story you agree to all of the
following: you assume responsibility for your actions, legal repercussions, and
not to sue me or do anything else that can be reasonably expected to cause me
grief.

Copyright 2002 by Serpentiness (tm)




McCarthy Mental Health & Wellness Center

Synopsis

This is the Prolog to a story that is still in the making, feedback is hoped
for. MMHWC is set in the America of the insufficiently distant future, where the
latest scare is SDD (Sexual Deviance Disorder). The real deviant is Doctor
Lyons, a psychiatrist who uses the scare to involuntarily commit (IVC), torture,
rape, modify and otherwise mistreat and deprive others of their liberties.

Codes

M/f, M/f+, M+/f, M+/f+, M/m, cbt, modification, scatology, teen, ScFi, slow, mc,
humiliation, torture, nc, Extreme

Anything else?

As this is the Prolog* to a "slow" story many of the codes I selected are not
yet reflected in the story. Also, I must say before reading the magic decoder
ring I always thought "slow" meant stories involving slow minded people who are
at a greater risk of being taken advantage of.
*Sorry guys but Merriam-Webster is backing me up on this one see: www.m-w.com

Prolog

Doctor Lyons sat in his office typing away at his next article.  The latest
media hyped scare was SDD (Sexual Deviance Disorder), and he was pondering all
the ways in which he could prolong and profit from the scare before it faded
away as yesterday's news. He was suddenly jarred back to the present by the
intercom on his desk. Reluctantly pressing the button, he said with audible
annoyance, "Lyons here."

A familiar voice replied, "Sorry to disturb you Doc, but we've got your one
o'clock here."

With a faint sigh, "Ok, bring her in." As the door opened, Doctor Lyons pressed
a button and the once transparent floor to ceiling windows of his swank corner
office frosted over. Two orderlies entered, with the patient in tow. The
patient, Debora, is a 21 year old female, with skin the color of milk-chocolate,
a tall lanky build, large luscious lips, and breasts on the generous side of
medium in size. "I'll need her on the couch, restrained, aannd... we're doing a
gynecological exam today so put her in the stirrups - nude, if you please," the
doc said, only half looking up from his resumed typing. The orderlies stopped
briefly to spray disinfectant on the duel propose psychiatry / exam couch, then
helped her lay down because her hands were cuffed behind her back. Debora's
hospital slippers were then removed, the stirrups snapped into place, and after
she was safely locked into the stirrups her hobble chain was removed. At this
point each orderly reached under her and grabbed an arm, her hand cuffs were
removed, and her arms held over her head as the orderlies pulled off her plain,
pastel yellow, full length sleeping style gown. As no under garments were
issued, Debora was now totally naked.

When her hands were re-cuffed over her head and clipped to the top of the couch,
the orderly, John said, "All set Doc, anything else?"

Lyons looked up from his typing long enough to say, "No-thanks... but help
yourself to some sugar pills on your way out."

John grabbed a few of the peanut M&M's the Doc had indicated, with a quick nod
and a "Thanks."

When the office door shut behind the orderlies, the Doc glanced up at the
semi-sitting Debora, "I'll be with you iinnn... 'bout fifteen to twenty."

Debora made a sigh-grunt/chuckle sound, "Don't hurry on my account." Debora
closed her eyes and listened to the soft rhythmic clicking of Doctor Lyon's
typing. Her mind wandered to the events which lead her here...

Three days ago Debora went out to go club hopping with two friends, Mary and
Tamica. All three are attractive, but none of them would ever be a super-model.
Mary is 19 and a little immature, which gets on Debora's nerves some times, but
Mary's perkiness helps to lift Debora's own, often melancholic spirits. At 174
cm (5 foot 8.5 inches) Mary stands about 2 cm (0.79 inches) shorter than Debora,
but with her medium build, round face, and slight pudginess Mary is about the
same mass as Debora. Mary's skin is the color of dark chocolate; she wears her
hair in large (2cm / 0.79 inches) loose curls, and has a striking smile, and
medium sized breasts. The 20 year old Tamica is the smallest of the three, at a
shade over 173 cm (5 foot 8 inches) she is the shortest, and has the most petite
frame. With skin the color of raw sugar, Tamica is also the lightest in color.
Debora and Tamica both wear their hair flat against their heads with the strands
arranged in radial symmetry around their heads in a sort of bowel cut. The
difference in style between the two is the fullness of Debora's hair at the back
of her head, with the taper giving her hair a distorted mushroom shape, and
showing the natural tight curl of her hair in the taper. Tamica's demeanor is
similar to the more mature Debora's, but is typically more buoyant in spirits.
At about eight o'clock, the three girls hopped off a bus in the seedy Englewood
district, and were immediately greeted by the foul stench of a city in heat.
With the temperature still at 32 C (89.6 F) and humidity north of 80% the girls
were glad to be wearing their rather immodest attire.

As the girls waited for their transfer, Debora remarked, "Englewood sure has
fallen downhill fast."

"What neighborhood isn't going down the toilet," Tamica asked rhetorically.
Their conversation was suddenly cut short as a tall dark and handsome
mid-twenties male swaggered up, inquiring, "Hey home girls, what'z goin' on?"
Debora's inward groan at the outbreak of ebonics, was muted by his dazzling
smile and she responded almost in unison with the other two, "We goin' to the
club."

Mary flashed her own dazzling smile and added, "You comin' with?"

With a feint sign of disappointment, he replied, "Nah, dat'z a'right. I got some
serious digi-groves goin' on back in the apartment. How 'bout you girls come
back and party with me? How much you want?"

Mary's laughing reply was, "You think we hoe's... shiiit dat'z a'right, I'll
take yo money honey" His response was, a nod, a point, a wink, a click of the
tung, and a "Bingo!"

Seconds latter the corner was bathed in pulsating blue light. As the swarm
descended upon them Debora watched stoically despite her sudden queasiness,
Tamica's jaw dropped and she softy murmured "Oh my god." Mary's reaction was the
most intense as she lost bladder and bowel control with a shriek, and started
backing into the building behind the bus stop.

As the girls were spread eagled against one of the police cruisers, the officer
who entrapped them, dropped the swagger and ebonics, with a triumphal
"Congratulations ladies you're our first bust of the night." His celebratory
hi-five with another officer added to the humiliation of the ordeal.

As the girls were roughly patted down and groped, Tamica protested that, "I
never said anything about money for sex."

She was answered with disgust, "Save it for your trial."

Upon discovering the mess that the now sobbing Mary had made of herself, another
officer angrily jibed, "Dam it bitch, didn't your mother potty train you?"

The leader of the vice-squad impatiently cut off the chatter, "Pick up the pace
people, we gotta clear out of here so we make another bust."

At the station it was all very routine, photos, finger prints, DNA swab. Then a
change in routine that would haunt the girls for years to come; "Are these our
ladies of the night?"

The desk sergeant looked up, "These are they, captain."

"Where are you in the process," the captain inquired farther.

"I'm just finishing up here, and then they're off to get a BC search and lock
down for the night."

"Good. But, you can skip the BC and nightly lock down. We're turning them over
to these gentlemen for a court ordered psychological exam. Just gather them all
up in holding cell 3, and leave them chained for transport." the captain said,
indicating two orderlies as they walked up.

The sergeant said, "Aha yes, the pilot program. We've got a bed wetter here,
should I get her cleaned up?"

With a grimace and a nod, "Yeah, she's pretty ripe." The orderly, John, chimed
in, "Actually, it would be better if you left that sorta thing to us."

Mary's "What!" went ignored.

The captain shrugged, "Suit yourself. Want me to put out a memo?" John replied
with a smile and a smart nod, "Please do. Oh, and one other thing, if you would,
please enforce a no-talking rule in the holding cell. We brought a supply of
speech activated shock collars to make it easy."

The captain answered, "Yeah, I remember that request from the memo. No problem,
we'll do what ever it takes to protect our country from these deviants." At
six-thirty the next morning when the sting had ended for the night and the last
of the girls were in holding cell 3, a grinning sergeant signed the prisoners
over. "Forty-seven, good haul for the night."

When the dammed had been loaded on a white bus marked in blue letters, "McCarthy
Mental Health & Wellness Center," John took the microphone, and the girls were
immediately riveted, eager for news of their fate. "Same rules as the holding
cell." A palpable disappointment hung in the air as John sat back down and the
bus got underway. After twenty minutes of preparations John stood back up,
saying, "I'm going to need a volunteer... and I think I just found her." Mary
shrank back into her seat at his penetrating gaze.

"Stinky bitch it is.," chirped John's co-worker. Mary was unhooked from her
seat, and turned to face 46 pairs of unblinking eyes. The orderlies swept Mary's
legs out from under her, and she found herself at the front of the bus, chained,
kneeling, and with no clue as to what was about to happen to her.

John said, "All of you have already been given you're first prescription, and we
will administer it." They grabbed Mary's hair and pulled her head back, her nose
was tightly clamped shut with a pair of forceps, and as she opened her mouth,
howling in pain a 40 cm (15.7 Inches) long medium hard, tapered, rubber tube was
forced down her throat, stopping at handles which protruded perpendicular from
the top of the tube. The orderlies pace then slowed considerably, and in no
particular hurry, a number of pills were retrieved, and then dropped one by one
down the tube. Water was then slowly retrieved and poured down the tube. Due to
the blockage of Mary's airway, the longer the process continued, the more
frantic Mary became.

John stopped to tell the girls, "This is what we call the assisted medicating
method or AMM for short. I think you girls will be happy to know that AMM is but
one of two methods. The second method is known as the voluntary medicating
method or VMM for short. As patients who decline VMM are treated to AMM, some
cynics have raised questions as to just how voluntary VMM really is. My
colleague will now demonstrate VMM."

The other orderly approached Tamica, who was next in order. Tamica opened her
mouth without any prompting, and the orderly dropped in the pills, with some
water to swallow, checking that the pills were down with a tongue depressor.
When it was clear that Tamica had really swallowed, the orderly patted her on
the head cooing, "Good girl," in the most patronizing tone he could manage.

John continued, "As you can see, VMM is far simpler and easier for both of us,
and I hope that all of you will catch the volunteer spirit." As an after
thought, John added, "Oh yes, we still need to finish up our AMM demo. Some
particularly recalcitrant patients choose to vomit when the medication insertion
tool is removed. I hope that 'stinky bitch' will not do so. I'd rather not
demonstrate the more radical version of AMM." The forceps were removed, and the
tube was rapidly removed from Mary's throat. Mary heaved, but she was able to
keep the pills down. After Mary was returned to her seat, the orderlies
medicated the rest of the patients without any trouble.

Two hours latter when the bus arrived at MMHWC with forty seven scared and
bewildered "patients," the girls were put through all the routine indignities,
stripped, BC searched, deloused, hosed off with cold water, issued a pastel
yellow gowned and slippers, run through the paper mill, and fed an unappetizing
lunch. Their speech suppressing collars (SSC's) were left on throughout being
deactivated as required, and the withholding of information continued. Over the
next two days the girls were held in the reception ward, which is simply a large
open bay, while they underwent a battery of mental and physical examinations,
which while occasionally moderately painful, were mostly just humiliating.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Serpentiness (TM)


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





