BDSM Library - The Doctor's Experiment




The Doctor's Experiment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She answered a doctor's ad and participated an insense sexual experiment.
The Doctor's Experiment

This is adult rated story only meant to be read by people over 18.

This story is fictional. It is purely my imagination and no characters or names
are real and have no connection with my past or present relationships.

This story may not be published, distributed and copied without the consent of
the author.

	The ad in the newspaper was very specific. Single white female, 32-35
years old, 5'5" to 6' tall, 100-125lbs,must be thin built, b to c size breasts
needed for scientific experiments of very intense sexual nature. It gave a
telephone number to call for appointment.

	I was very intrigued by the ad and called the next day. A man answered
the phone as Dr. Evans. I said, I was calling in response to an ad in the
newspaper. He asked if I knew it involved very intense sexual experiments. I
said it wasn't anything that could hurt. He said, I could have very intense
orgasms, but no pain would be involved and I could have the experiment stop at
any time. He explained that I needed to be given a complete physical exam and
some other tests to see if I would qualify. I scheduled an exam for Friday at
3:00 pm and told it would only last two hours. He gave me exact directions on
how to get to his office. I rang the door buzzer and was let into the
receptionist area. He came out to meet me. We talked in his office about a
questioner about my health, physical description, measurements, likes and
dislikes. He asked me about sexual partners I had had and what type of sex. I
had sex about 6 times and had enjoyed only 2 of them. All the sex was missionary
style. I had never masturbated, given oral sex and had tried no other positions.
He told me I was normal, but should explore, more.

	He had me go into the bathroom to urinate into a plastic jar, undress
and put my clothes in a locker and ring a buzzer when finished. The doctor led
me into an exam room that was very sparse. He weighed me on a scale had me put
my back against the wall where he took my height. He had me sit down on an exam
table. He took my blood pressure, took a blood sample, and tested my reflexes.
He then told me to stand up and take off the gown. He used a roll around stool
to sit on. He measured my breasts, all of the different measurements. How round
they were, the measurement between my nipples, how round my areoles were, how
thick the nipples were, how pointed they were and the valley between them. I
thought to myself some one could use the measurements to exactly duplicate my
breasts down to millimeter. He put on rubber gloves, told me to spread my legs
and took all my measurements outside and inside of my cunt. He had me bend over
at the waist and did the same to my asshole area. I was getting a little horny
and quite excited. He had me lay down on the table. He put heart electrodes on
my body and rolled a machine over. He monitored my heart for 3 minutes. He took
my blood pressure. He then told me to stand up and jog in place. I usually ran
four miles a day so was not worried. He had me quicken my pace at different
times. I started to sweat, my body had a sheen. I was breathing pretty hard. He
had me stop, took a sample of blood, and ran the heart test again. He said I was
in good shape. I was told that if the blood and urine tests were okay, I could
do the experiment on Saturday of the next week. I said yes. I was to show up at
noon on Saturday and would last the rest of the day.

	I showed up at five till, rang the bell and was buzzed in. The doctor
led me to the bathroom. The doctor gave me a cup of liquid to drink. The
bathroom had a large walk in shower, a toilet, and a locker. He told me to
undress out of all my clothes including my under garments, which I could put in
the locker. I suddenly had to pee and shit. I felt like I would never stop
shitting and emptied my whole body out. I pressed a doorbell looking device,
when I was done. The doctor came in. He had me step into the shower. He hooked
up a small hose to a fitting in the wall of the shower. It had a nozzle attached
to it and a bottle that hung from the bottom. He told me I had to be perfectly
clean for the experiment. He first had me bend down toward him so he could wet
my hair and sprayed it with soap. He had me shampoo it for about five minutes
and rinsed it very clean. He had me stand up, spread my legs, put my hands up in
the air, lean against the shower wall and grab two handles that were up high on
the shower wall. He sprayed water all over my body and a liquid soap. He then
had me use my hands to lather myself up. I was a little shy, but he had me
lather my breasts, armpits, ass and my cunt very good. He had me grab the
handles again. He really sprayed me down to rinse off all the soap. He gave me a
jump suit looking body suit to put on. The sleeves had elastic that went around
my wrists. The suit had shoes with rubber soles. The suit around the neck was a
very loose fit. He had me step up onto a wooden platform and grab the handles in
the shower wall. He attached two big hoses to the suit, which started to blow
air. It blew the suit up like a balloon and hot air started to make its way
through it. He told me I was to stand like this for about an hour, until I had
sweated about a pint of sweat. My sweat would drip down my body to my feet were
it was collected and drained. The doctor put a bottle of water with a straw,
where I could reach it to drink. He said for me to drink about every five
minutes so I wouldn't dehydrate.

       The doctor came back every 10 minutes to check on me. After an hour he
had me take of the suit. He had me put on rubber gloves. He had me grab the
handles on the shower wall and sprayed me down with an oily substance. He had me
stand for about ten minutes and then told me to use my hands to rub it to my
skin. My skin felt so smooth, sensitive and very warm. He used an air hose to
blow me dry. My skin felt like it was electrically charged and goose pimples
were breaking out all over.

       The doctor then led me to a room. The room had a very strange rack
device. The front and back walls were completely mirrored. The doctor had me
stand straight up in the rack. He positioned a pillowed round resting device at
my forehead and put another one at the back of my head. He then positioned a
rubberized metal tubular bar that was shaped to fit under my breasts. The bar
helped push them up. He put another flat rubberized bar across my shoulder
blades. I felt like I was being sandwiched by the bars and held in place. I felt
my stomach and back being sandwiched by another set of bars. My legs being
spread, my kneecaps were fit into another flat bar and sandwiched from the back.
My feet were slipped into rubber shoes, strapped into them by Velcro straps and
my feet were pulled downward, until I could not move them. He then placed my
arms on arm supports that ran straight out from my shoulders. He used straps at
the, wrists, on either side of my elbows and right before my shoulder.

       He asked if I was comfortable. I said yes. I now could not move my body.
I tried to move and found I could not move any part of my body, He told me I
would be able to talk during the experiment.

      He said the first thing was to get my insides clean for the experiment.
The whole rack could pivot at the middle and I found myself laying face up
looking at the ceiling. I felt my ass cheeks being spread. I felt a half-inch
round metal ball on a metal rod push against my ass hole. The doctor told me to
relax as it would enter and flush me out. I felt it continue to push, it felt
like It popped and I felt it protrude into my bowels. I felt it coldness and
felt it move inch by inch. The ball stopped when it was in about three inches. I
felt warm liquid filling my bowels up. The doctor told me a would be given a
quart, the ball would be pulled out and my ass cheeks would close. I was told
not to expel it for five minutes and to hold it in. I felt my bowel muscles
cramp a couple of times during the five minutes. When my ass cheeks were pulled
apart, I squirted hard, as I could her the sound of it spraying. The doctor told
me I did very well. He told me the procedure was going to repeated one more
time. After I squirted the second time the doctor put on rubber gloves and used
baby wipes to clean my bum and asshole area.   

      I felt a bigger metal ball once more against my asshole. I asked the
doctor now what. He said a lubricant was going to be used on my asshole and to
coat my inside. The ball rubbed around the hole and I could hear the squishing
sound. I felt my whole entrance get all wet and felt the ball circle and run
lengthwise up and down my crack. I tried to push toward the ball, but could make
any movement toward it as I was secured firmly. I grunted in disappointment. The
doctor told me to patient. I felt the ball at the entrance and it thrusted in
until it was about five inches deep. I let out a gasp. The doctor asked if I was
all right. I said shockingly yes. The ball started to push against my sidewalls
in a circular fashion. I could feel my hole being spread apart as it moved all
they way back to the entrance and then went back in. I couldn't believe how good
it felt and was moaning. The ball centered itself and pulled out in one quick
pull. I again let out a yelp. The doctor said he had to check the lubrication. I
felt his finger push in and he moved it around; he pushed another finger in and
then turned them side-to-side. He then pulled them out, took off the gloves and
threw them into a trash bin.

       The doctor then swung the rack so I was standing up looking at the front
wall.  The doctor explained that my cunt would be flush and lubed also. He
placed a triangle shaped bowel under my thighs. The edge was tight to my skin
under my slit. I was glad I kept my slit with very short hair and only about a
half-inch strip. The ball rubbed up and down my slit, I felt it push in to my
sex hole and it went in to about 8 inches. It started to move against my sides
in a circular motion, it started to spray water and I could see the water
dribble out into the bowl. It pressed against my sidewalls, stretched my hole.
It did this until it was at the entrance and went back in. When it was eight
inches deep it centered itself and pulled out. I was disappointed and let out a
muffled, disappointed noise. The doctor asked if I had enjoyed it. I said yes
and wished it didn't stop. He told me to be patient.

       	He then position two sets of rubber half-inch balls on metal sticks in
front of my breasts. He put rubber gloves on, used his index finger to get a
glob of clear grease looking substance and used his tip of his finger to apply
it to my areoles in a circular motion. I watched as the rubber balls extended
forward and made contact with my breast about two inches from my areoles. They
started to rub in a circular motion around my breasts. They slowly started to
move closer to my nipple and made contact with the lubricant. I could see by
looking at the mirror or by looking down. I started to feel my breast warm and
the pressure of the balls on my skin. The lubricant was making my breast super
sensitive. The balls kept getting closer to my nipples. I could feel my nipples
stiffen and get hard. The two balls squeezed my nipples between them I let out a
loud moan. I felt the heat race through my breasts and my clit just throbbed. I
could feel my sex get moist with juice. The doctor asked how I felt. I said I
loved the feeling in my nipples and slit. He stopped the balls. I told him I
wanted more. He had one ball roll over my nipples, it hurt a little, but I
wanted it to keep going. The doctor stopped this after about a couple of
minutes.

       I saw him position a metal cylinder device, which had a mushroom head
device at my asshole. I felt it enter me inch by inch. It went in about six
inches and would slowly pull out. I told the doctor I had never been touched
there by any one, but it felt good and wanted more. The metal cylinder would
slowly enter and pull out. I would be left waiting about a minute for it to
enter me and it took about two minutes for it to go in the six inches. I
couldn't believe, that I wanted the feeling of the device. The doctor asked how
I felt. I said it felt good and wanted more. He put a duplicate metal cylinder
device at my slit. It also entered until it was eight inches in and would pull
out slowly. This took about three minutes and would wait for about a minute. I
was in heaven, but was craving for a release. I asked the doctor if he could
increase the speed. He told me to be patient. I saw a metal quarter inch ball on
a metal shaft extend itself toward my slit. It parted my lips and found my clit.
It started to rub around it. I was really was excited by this and told the
doctor how great it felt. I felt the cylinders start to enter and pull out
quicker and the time they went back in lessened. The rubber balls at my breasts
started to rub my nipples. I told the doctor I was in heaven and was going to
come.

       The two cylinder devices thrusted in and out very quickly. The metal ball
that was rubbing my clit started to vibrate. My body went into shock. I felt my
muscles all over go tense, I couldn't breathe and my cunt was boiling. I saw a
river of juice run out of my slit. I just kept coming and coming. The devices
just kept going. I felt my senses climb and climb. I actually thought I was
going to die. I was gasping for breath, could feel that I was shaking my head
back and forth. I must have passed out as I don't remember when the devices
stopped or when I stopped coming. When I opened my eyes I was laying facing the
ceiling

       The doctor asked how I was. I told him my ass-hole was sore and that my
cunt was sore. He said that was due to my muscles not being used to the intense
workout they had. I told him that I couldn't believe I could orgasm that hard,
long and that many times. He asked me how many times did I come. I said once. He
said that I had come three times.

       The doctor said he wanted to see how my body responded to stimuli. Two
arm devices came to the front of my body. They had small tubes with nozzles. The
two arms started at my neck to spray a small jet of cold air. I couldn't believe
how sensitive my skin was and squirmed and moaned. The doctor asked if I was all
right. I told him it tickled and felt sparks flying. The arms continued their
travel down my body. When I really squirmed it seemed like they would take
longer at that spot. I really hit the roof when they did under my armpits,
belly, and feet. When I thought they were done with my body. They came back to
my asshole and slit area. The air pressure seemed to increase and I felt it blow
on my ass hole and slit. I shrieked from the pleasure it gave me. They seemed to
go around in circles and blow directly on my holes. I was moaning, breathing
hard and squirming. Then they just stopped. I asked the doctor if they could
continue. He said no that was enough, I saw the arms disappear around to the
back and they came back with the metal half-inch balls on shafts. The started to
rub my neck, shoulders and circled my breasts. I wanted them to touch my breasts
and nipples. I took about five minutes for them to finally move inward to make
contact with my breast I let a loud moan of satisfaction. The balls pressed hard
and when the same in contact with my nipples I had an orgasm. I couldn't believe
it. The balls retracted and went behind the chair. The doctor asked if I was all
right and what did I want next. I told him I wanted to come some more.

       He brought out little suction cup devices that had syringes and wires
attached to them. He placed them one at a time over my nipples and pulled the
syringe handle back. I could see my nipples being pulled and stretched. They
were stretched to about three quarters of an inch. A metal pin device was push
down from the middle of the handle and pricked my nipple top. I let out a little
scream, but the pain only lasted a second. The doctor asked if I was all right.
I said yes it only stung for a second. He brought out a similar device, but was
bigger. I could see by the mirror, he was going to use it on my sex. He parted
my vulva and found my clit. He placed the suction cup over it and pulled the
handle back it felt like a jolt of electricity traveled up my whole body. I
couldn't believe the pleasure. It only last a few seconds, but it took my body
about a minute to relax and for my breathing to return. I did not have an
orgasm, but my clit was inflamed. He pushed a metal electrode down form the
middle of the handle. When it made contact I tensed my muscles and relaxed them
quickly. The doctor asked if I was okay. I said no, but felt my nipple and my
clit were on fire. I heard him switch a couple of switches and he turned a
couple of knobs. I felt my nipples pulsing with sharp sparks and my clit was
throbbing with jolts. I just kept feeling more and more shocks and started to
feel the pressure build up in my sex. It took only a couple of minutes and a
great wave of sexual release happened. I shut my eyes, let out a loud yell as I
exhaled air, and my whole body went tense. My whole pussy was throbbing and I
could feel a river flowing out of it. I continued to come for about a minute,
but it took me about five minutes to relax my muscles and get my breath back.
The doctor said to relax it let it happen. I felt my nipples get more intense
with shocks and my clit was throbbing more and more. I again convulsed and I
must have passed out. I awoke again laying in the rack.

       The doctor came in about five minutes later and moved the rack so I was
standing up. He brought a mechanical arm around which had a rubber life-size
dick attached to it. I told the doctor that I didn't do that sort of thing. He
placed it right in front of my mouth. I could smell the wonderful scent. I stuck
out my tongue and licked it. I couldn't believe the taste. I wanted more of it
and the arm moved forward. I found my lips parting and closing around the shaft.
I started sucking on it hard and received a little squirt of juice from its
center. I wanted more. The arm continued to move closer I had about four inches
in my mouth. I was sucking on it harder and started to put more of it in my
mouth. I kept working on the rubber dick and found I could get about eight
inches of it into my mouth and some of it down my throat. When I had it down my
throat I was rewarded by a squirt of the liquid. I was going mad for it. The
doctor asked if I was okay and mumbled yes. I just kept sucking on it. The arm
pulled the dick slowly back and I found that I kept sucking on it till I
couldn't reach it any more. The doctor asked I thought you didn't suck on dicks.
I blurted out I wanted more of it. He said be patient.

        He moved the arm down so it was at my entrance of my cunt. The tip
pushed against my hole. I felt the tip enter. I screamed for the dick to fuck
me. The dick pushed in five inches and I screamed with pain. The dick pulled out
and sank it back in more. I was screaming but it just kept pulling it out and
thrusting it back in. I felt it grow in size it started at 3/4 of an inch wide
and grew to an inch and a half. It finally stopped when it was eight inches in.
It took me about a minute to relax and get my breath back. The doctor asked if
he should stop and I quickly said no. The dick slowly pulled out and pushed it
back in. The dick moved slowly until I screamed for it to fuck me hard. It
started to pound in and pull it out very rapidly. I felt my muscles clamp down
on the dick, my body radiated with heat, and I was gasping for breath. I felt
the boiling of my orgasm start and rise to a boil. I came hard, all my muscles
in my body went rigid and I moaned very loudly. It just kept pounding and I must
have come about three times and passed out. I awoke to find I was laying in the
rack with the doctor looking at me. He asked if I had enjoyed the experiments
and I answered yes. He said I had recovered from the induced senses and
feelings. He said that concluded the experiments for me.

       I was in a state of disappointment for about a week. I finally found
someone who could fuck me very hard, for many times.

      

       End of Story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  authorxxx


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





