BDSM Library - Timothy




Timothy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Timothy's mother is ill and nineteen year old Hazel is sent to look after him. After a humiliating school medical Hazel is in charge of supervising the boy to his total chagrin.
Timothy
by Jane Marwood
My first short story

Timothy looked at his mother as she sat down in the easy chair by the fireplace
of  their picturesque family cottage. His face showed concern as she winced with
the pain  she felt throughout her slender and petite body.  His mother, although
beginning to suffer the first symptoms of a bout of influenza,  had, as always,
carefully applied makeup to her delicate and refined features.  Jenny Althorpe
had been blessed with a beauty and grace that was near perfection.  Her face was
exquisitely featured, the high cheekbones and beautiful shaped lips now
revealed perfect teeth as she smiled at her sons concerned expression. She was
the  product of several generations of fine breeding.

Jenny was dressed in a crisp white cotton blouse and navy skirt that
complimented her  slender and trim figure. Although she was now thirty-four
years old, her face and  body would have had even the most discerning admirer
guessing at twenty-five.

Timothy had inherited the perfect features of his mother and equally the strong
physique of his father who had died at the wheel of his car while making his
usual  journey to his office in London soon after Timothy's birth.

Timothy was now fourteen years old and was to Jenny's mind the most perfect son
a  mother could ask for. He was kind obedient and although perhaps a little shy,
he had a  keen and responsible attitude to his schoolwork and household duties.

Jenny sighed as she looked at her son and picked up the papers that were laid on
the  small occasional table that was conveniently placed by the arm of her
chair. "It says here that you must be accompanied by a parent or guardian when
you visit the  medical centre today Timothy... and with all the will in the
world I don't think I am  going to be well enough to take you on the bus. I
don't suppose that missing the  school annual medical for one year is going to
hurt, do you Timothy?"

Timothy looked at his mother, managing to hide his delight at the news. He had
no  desire at all to visit the school doctor and to be examined in front of his
mother. He  remembered the previous year when, right in front of his mother, the
retiring grey  haired doctor had pushed his hand down the front of the Timothy's
trousers and  grasped his testicles, instructing him to cough. He had not been
able to look his  mother in the face for several days such was his
embarrassment.

Another reason, even more embarrassing was that for the last year Timothy had
been  getting erections. He had never been able to bring himself to mention them
to his  mother and although his friends at school often talked about "having a
wank" as they  put it, he had never dared to make himself ejaculate. He often
found that as he rubbed  against the bed sheets at night that he was near to
making something happen, such  was the intensity of feeling that he had stopped
himself well before the moment of no  return, scared and unsure of what the
consequences would be. A manifestation of his  reluctance to masturbate was that
his testicles had swollen to such an extent that they  were becoming painful. He
had examined himself several times as he sat on the edge  of his bed and noted
the skin of his scrotum was stretched tightly around his balls and  that they
had become painful to the touch.


Jenny looked at her son and then seemed to make a decision. "Alright Timothy
I'll  make some phone calls... and as school is closed for the medical
examinations, you  might as well go out and get some fresh air. In fact you
might pop across to Mrs Grant  and tell her that I am not well and ask her if
the blouse I made Susan was alright."

Timothy managed not to blush as his mother mentioned going over to Mrs. Grant.
He  was rather in awe of both Susan and her mother. Like him, Susan had no
father and as  such, he had often been asked by Susan's mother to do odd jobs
that sometimes  required lifting or climbing a ladder  "Men's work" as she often
called it. He always  became embarrassed in front of the pretty mother and
daughter as Mrs. Grant would  occasionally run her hand through his hair and
announce to her daughter "look what a  good looking boy Timothy is... don't you
think he will make someone a wonderful  husband someday?" Timothy would blush
profusely and look down at his feet as  Susan would laugh, or sometimes try to
catch his eye. Susan was just sixteen years  old, almost a year older than
Timothy and as such, seemed far more world-wise and  mature than himself. She
was extremely pretty and was popular with boys far older  than him... at school
he would see her talking confidently with sixth formers, boys  that the school
social hierarchy dictated did not deign to talk with lowly fourth  formers.

Timothy returned home at five o-clock. He had performed several chores for Mrs.
Grant, carefully avoiding looked at her beautiful and shapely legs as she stood
watching him hang a picture, dressed, as she often did in the summer, in
revealing  cotton shorts. Upon entering his home, he opened the door to the
living room and  greeted his mother, who was looking even paler than when he had
left. She sighed as  she looked up at him from her chair.

"Ah Timothy I am afraid I am getting worse so Aunt Claire is bringing your
cousin  Hazel over to look after you and... I am afraid; I am going to have to
leave you to  your own devices as your Aunt insists that I go back with her
until I am well. I know  you haven't seen Hazel since you were small, but she is
nineteen now and a very  responsible young lady. She is already in her final
year, training as a Norland Nanny,  which is the top establishment for nannies
to the rich and famous..." Jenny managed a  weak smile." So I am sure she will
look after you well while I am gone."

Timothy had mixed feelings at the news. True he had not seen Hazel for years and
really could not remember what she looked like... on the other hand he was
rather  embarrassed at having to be looked after by an nineteen year old girl.
The second  announcement from his mother came as even more of a shock! "I rang
Vicki Grant  while you were over there. She said you were being very helpful
again... and I do  appreciate that very much. I know that she misses having a
husband as much as I do  and I know I couldn't manage without you being so
helpful. So you can give your self  a pat on the back." Jenny managed another
weak smile to convey her warmth of  feeling to her son even though she was
beginning to feel the real effects of what was  turning out to be a really
serious case of influenza.

His mother continued "I had a word with Mrs. Grant this afternoon and because
she  used to be a nurse I asked if she thought that they would mind you missing
your  annual medical. She offered to ring the centre at Bourne and they kindly
offered to let  you go tomorrow, even though it is the erm... girls day for
their medicals. I also told  her that Hazel was coming to look after you and she
has offered to look in from time  to time. It will be a lot better for you going
tomorrow as Hazel is driving over in her  own car...and she can take you over to
Bourne in the car... would you believe a girl  of eighteen already has her own
car!" Jenny Althorpe had never learned to drive and after her husbands death had
never had  an inclination to own a car.

Timothy was unable to conceal his embarrassment at the news that he would, after
all,  be having his annual medical... and worse still he would be having it on
the girls  medical day. He blushed profusely at the thought of the girls from
his school  recognising that he would be the only boy there having a medical. He
had always  been shy of girls and at school kept himself very much to his self.
Would they think it  strange... or perhaps that there was something different
about him that he should be at  the medical centre with the girls rather than
the boys?

Jenny noted her son's blushing face and thought that perhaps he might think that
he  had to line up with the girls. Last year the medicals had been carried out
in the school  hall. Hasty screens had been erected and the boys lined up on one
side and the girls on  the other. She quickly hastened to reassure him. "You
will probably have to go to a  different section of the medical centre so I
wouldn't worry that you are the only boy  there. After all it is used 'day in
and day out by' all the local residents of the area."  Timothy listened to the
news and, never having visited the centre before, was  reassured by his mother's
words.

It was almost two hours later that Aunt Claire arrived. She had not changed much
from what Timothy could remember, having the same refined and delicate features
as  his own mother but perhaps showing a little more affection than he
remembered. She  held the boys face in her hands and planted a quite sloppy kiss
upon his lips before  letting him go, only to pat his head and tell him what a
good looking boy he was.  Timothy blushed profusely and trembled involuntarily
as his aunt stroked his cheek  and held him by the shoulders while she examined
him from head to toe. "My  Timothy you are SUCH a good looking young man" She
exclaimed, causing him to  blush once more before hanging his head and looking
at his feet in pure  embarrassment and humiliation.

It was moments later that Hazel drove her car into the driveway of the pretty
thatched  cottage. She parked carefully, allowing her mother plenty of room to
manoeuvre her  car out of the drive without difficulty. Timothy managed a sly
glance at her without  being observed as she slipped off her coat to reveal a
navy blue shirt and matching  short skirt. Timothy was dumbstruck... the girl
was absolutely beautiful. Her straight  shiny hair was jet-black and cut
severely to just below her jaw line, accenting her  beautiful clean-cut
features. She was definitely a product of her mother, having  inherited all the
delicacy and refinement of her mother's features, but with perhaps a  slightly
more determined chin and jaw line. A feature that did not correspond to her
mother were the full firm breasts that pressed against the sheer fabric of her
blue  cotton shirt as she reached upwards to hang her coat on the hooks behind
the door and  the tall lithe body. Her long tanned legs were bare and showed a
great deal of her  beautifully shaped thighs as she fastened her coat to the
hook.

Timothy felt himself blushing even before Hazel turned towards him and spoke
softly  to him. "Why you must be Timothy, mother told me you were a good looking
boy...  but my aren't you just a beautifully handsome young man."

The compliment, rather than elevate Timothy's sense of maturity, made him feel
even  more childlike in her presence. He blushed, feeling the blood rushing to
his cheeks as  his eyes met hers for the brief instance of time before he once
again looked down at  his feet in abject embarrassment.

Hazel was well aware of the boy's embarrassment, but chose to ignore it in the
hope  that he would come around and lose some of his inhibitions. She was well
aware of  the effect her looks and demeanour could have on some men, and so had
developed a  talent, if she felt inclined towards them, of putting people at
their ease.

The conversations between Claire and her sister Jenny did not last long.
Looking  closely at her sister, Claire announced that Jenny was really poorly
and needed her  care and attention as soon as possible. Jenny gently kissed
Timothy and with a wry  smile let her sister help her out of the door and to her
car. It was all Jenny could do, to  look back at her son, as Claire solicitously
herded her into the car and placed a  blanket over her knees. Timothy watched
almost in dread as his mother was driven  off, knowing that soon he would have
to come face to face with his cousin Hazel,  who's beauty had already caused him
profound embarrassment.

Much to Timothy's relief Hazel had busied herself in the kitchen and prepared a
summer salad for Timothy's tea. She had laid out the cold meats, tomatoes,
potatoes,  beetroot and lettuce on several plates, which she had placed on a
tray.

"You may eat your tea in front of the television and I will give you until half
past nine  before I put you to bed... how does that sound? Timothy blushed at
the first sound of  authority, realising that Hazel was indeed in charge. What
did she mean put him to  bed? He had always taken himself to bed, sometimes
kissing his mother goodnight  downstairs and other times sleepily turning his
head to her as he laid in bed when she  came in to his room before retiring
herself.

Timothy was still blushing as he finished his tea and changed channels to one of
his  favourite space adventure programmes. He was aware that Hazel was looking
at him  from her own chair, but soon became absorbed in the latest instalment of
Space  Rangers.

As the boy sat absorbed in his television programme, Hazel examined him from
head  to foot. Noting his long legs and muscled thighs through the thin chinos
he was  wearing. She could clearly see the outline of his chest and slim waist
accented by the  thin tee-shirt which fitted tightly to his body. Hazel knew
then that the boy was quite  exceptionally good looking and wondered what it
would be like to smooth her hands  over his flawless skin. Well she would
certainly have the opportunity if the forms she  had laid on her lap were
anything to go by.

She read the paragraph over:
1 Children (under the age of sixteen years old) MUST be accompanied by a parent
or  guardian. The parent and guardian will be expected to stay with the child
during  examination and remain throughout the day. Lunch will be provided for
parents on an  ad hoc basis in the staff canteen.

2 Nursing staff will expect parents to help prepare children for tests and
examinations  and will be expected to bring any medication that the child needs
with them.

3 Adolescents (over 16 but under 21 years old) may bring their own dressing
gowns.

4 We would be grateful if any parents with nursing experience would make
themselves  known to one of the staff nurses.

Hazel smiled to herself, we shall see, she thought, as you looked the boy over
once  more. Perhaps she would tease him a little before letting him go to bed.
"Timothy it's half past nine and I see that your programme has finished. Would
you  like me to bath you... or can you manage yourself?"

The effect was startling... Timothy blushed immediately his cheeks bright red as
he  opened his mouth to protest. He had to draw in a deep breath before he could
manage  to utter his protestation. "Oh no Hazel, I always bath myself and take
myself to bed."  To Hazel's delight he was trembling visibly and bright red as
he stumbled off the  deep settee and walked towards the stairs. "Well when you
are all ready for bed you  can come down in your pyjamas and I will make sure
you are nice and clean for bed."  All though she was filled with glee at the
boy's discomfort, she did not let her feelings  show. I want you to be thorough
in your bath, remember the doctor is going to see  you tomorrow." Hazel knew
that this would elicit further embarrassed responses from  the young boy.

Hazel watched as Timothy climbed the stairs. She noted his slim hips and firm
buttocks, marvelling at the perfection of his figure. She had always liked
having  control over boys. Not for her the acquiescent breathless infatuation
that some girls  seemed to readily display to the opposite sex. Hazel had
decided a long time ago that  any relationship she would eventually enter into
would be on her own terms. Her  physical beauty and forthright manner had always
helped her get her own way and as  she had grown older she had observed the
effect she had on men as well as younger  boys.

Timothy felt absolutely humiliated as he entered the bathroom; his face was on
fire as,  for the first time, he carefully locked the door. He could not help
blushing profusely  as he thought of her words. What did she mean, make sure he
was nice and clean? He  ran the bath and took off his clothes aware that his
penis was fully erect, and the pain  in his testicles was getting worse. He
spent ten minutes scrubbing himself diligently,  almost embarrassedly washing
his penis behind the foreskin. It was almost twenty  minutes later that he
emerged from his bedroom dressed in his pyjamas. Although he  had tried to
dismiss Hazel from his mind he found that his face was still red and that  his
penis was still erect and pushing against the material of his pyjama bottoms.
Reluctantly he began to descend the stairs hoping against hope that Hazel would
not  notice the bulge of his erection against the thin striped material of his
pyjama  bottoms. Shyly he looked at her as he entered the living room. She was
sat reading  and on hearing him looked up and smiled. "Come over here Timothy,
where I can see  you." She stood up from her chair and waited for the boy to
come to her. Timothy was  completely mesmerised by her as he shuffled forward,
his mind in a haze of  embarrassment. She held him by the shoulders and then
placed her hands on either  side of his face turning his head from one side to
the other as she looked in his ears.  "Well you seemed to have cleaned your ears
well! How about the rest of you... are  you clean all over?" Timothy blushed
profusely, alarmed that she intended to examine  him further. "Oh yes... er...er
Hazel, I scrubbed all over.... Please.. er I am clean everywhere!"  Timothy was
shaking from head to foot as Hazel held him by the shoulders once more  and
placed him at arms length. She could see his erection quite clearly, but chose
not  to embarrass the boy further by mentioning it at that moment. Instead she
stroked his  cheek tenderly causing him to blush and spoke softly but firmly.

"Well I will take your word this time... but I am quite used to smacking the
bare  bottoms of naughty boys that are lax in their cleanliness. She observed
the immediate  colouring of his face to an almost purple blush as she spoke
those words. She was  deliberately reducing his stature from that of a
fourteen-year-old young man to that of  a naughty and disobedient young child.
She had realised by his look of anguish and  humiliation that he was normally
very shy and that perhaps he would be easier to  handle than she had first
thought. She immediately changed the tone of her voice "All  right sweetie, off
you go to bed and I will see you in the morning." She leaned  forward and kissed
him lightly on the forehead.

Timothy's mind was in turmoil as he stumbled up the stairs to bed. The
embarrassment of her mentioning smacking bare bottoms along with the tender kiss
on his forehead had played havoc with his delicate emotions. As he got into bed
he  realised that his penis was so stiff that it was painful, he felt faint as
he laid his  blushing face against the crisp white pillow.

After a feverish and restless night Timothy awoke to the sun streaming through
his  bedroom window. He realised that Hazel must have already been into his
bedroom  and drawn the curtains. He lay there wondering what the day would bring
when Hazel  entered the room. She was dressed in a silk shirt and navy pleated
skirt that came  down to just above her knees. She was bare legged and Timothy
could not help  looking at her long well toned and tanned legs. She wore
perfectly applied makeup  and looked even more beautiful than he had remembered
her from the previous  evening. Without knowing why he blushed immediately upon
seeing her and began to  tremble as she placed the cup of tea she was carrying
on to his bedside table. "Good  morning young man, here is a nice cup of tea,
drink it and then come into the  bathroom. I have already run a bath for you and
I want to make sure that every inch of  your body is clean before your
examination.

Hazel could clearly see the telltale bulge of his morning erection pushing the
bedcovers upwards as he lay looking at her. He quickly turned on his side as he
saw  her glance at the tented bed covers. He was blushing and trembling as he
looked away  from her, clumsily raising the teacup to his lips to hide his
embarrassment.

Although Hazel had deliberately embarrassed the boy by intimating that she would
be  either bathing him or at least inspecting his body, she had no intention in
doing so.  She knew that sooner or later she would have a genuine excuse to see
him naked and  that when that moment came, she wanted to be able to take her
time and examine him  at her leisure. She waited for Timothy outside the
bathroom door and spoke kindly to  him. "Right young man, I am going to trust
you to take your bath and make sure that you  are thoroughly clean from head to
toe. When you are finished I want you to dress in  your school uniform and come
down stairs for some breakfast. We only have an hour  before we need to set
off."

Timothy's sigh of relief was audible as he stood before Hazel covering the front
of his  pyjamas with his hands to hide his erection. Hazel again ignored the
boy's obvious  erection and turned away and walked down the staircase.


2

Parking at the Medical Centre was quite easy, as many of the parents had taken
advantage of the school bus to accompany their daughters to the centre. A kindly
looking nurse greeted them in the reception hall and began talking with Hazel.
She  looked over at Timothy and told him to sit on one of the waiting room
chairs while  she filled in the appropriate forms. Timothy looked across at them
once or twice as  they chatted while completing a sheaf of white forms. With the
end of the form filling  they were ushered into a cubicle, which was curtained
off from the main corridor.

The medical centre was much smaller than either Timothy or Hazel had imagined it
to  be. Apart from four consulting rooms and a reception hall, there was just
one other  large room.

The nurse spoke to Hazel, again ignoring the boy completely. "Right Hazel if you
would get Timothy here undressed and them take him through to the room opposite.
Nurse Davis will be there to give him his enema and shave him! You can put all
of his  clothes in this locker." She indicated one of four wooden lockers built
into the back  wall of the cubicle above a slatted bench that ran the length of
the room. "Take the  key with you. Oh if you want coffee, there is a canteen
just off reception." Hazel felt a  thrill run through her at the young nurses
words. "Do you want him to leave his  underclothes on?" Although Hazel already
knew the answer she wanted the boy to  hear it for himself. "No they tend to get
lost if they are left in the examination rooms  so we find it best to leave all
of their clothes in the locker."

Without another word the Nurse pulled the curtain across the opening of the
cubicle  and left Hazel and - a profusely blushing and trembling Timothy, alone.

Hazel savoured the moment as she turned towards Timothy. He was trembling
visibly  and as she touched his shoulder he almost flinched, such was his abject
state of  nerves. "Right Timothy you hand me your blazer and shoes, those seem
to the biggest  items and I will put them away for you." She kept her tone
neutral as she watched him  blushing and trembling as he stood in front of her."
Each stage of his undressing was  an absolute delight to Hazel. She stood
admiring his chest and narrow waist as he got  down to just his trousers.

Turning to the lockers she tucked his socks into his shoes, wondering if he
would start  unbuttoning his trousers without being prompted. Hearing no
movement from him she  turned back towards him, she could see his eyes had began
to water slightly as he held  his hands to the clasp of his trousers, making no
further movement. A thin sheen of  perspiration had formed on his body as he
stood trembling, his eyes down cast and his  bottom-lip quivering.

"Come along Timothy," she savoured the next phrase "drop your trousers!" Timothy
undid the buttons with trembling fingers. Not daring to look at Hazel as he
eased the  material down his thighs, acutely aware of his erection, which tented
the thin cotton  material of his underpants. Handing his trousers to Hazel he
suddenly covered his  erection with both hands, pushing his bottom backwards and
almost crossing his legs.  Hazel pretended not to notice as she carefully folded
his trousers and laid them on top  of the neat pile of clothing she had taken
from the boy. She could here the sounds of  females talking in subdued tones
from other cubicles along the corridor, when  suddenly she heard a loud slap and
an admonishing raised voice "Now get those  panties off straight away you
naughty girl." She glanced at Timothy who had also  heard. He looked at Hazel in
anguish, tears welling up in his eyes as he stood  cowering before her. Hazel
could not miss the opportunity as she looked at Timothy.  "Now you wouldn't want
me to smack your bare little bottom for being difficult,  would you Timothy?"
Hazel looked at him and placed her hand under his chin raising  his head so that
he could do nothing but meet her steady gaze.. "Would you  Timothy?" With
trembling voice Timothy shook his head... er no miss." Hazel's  heart jumped a
beat at the use of the word miss, instead of her Christian name.

She knew that the nature of the relationship had changed at last. Her
authoritarian  manner and the constant humiliation of him had finally reduced
his self-esteem  enough for him acknowledge, perhaps unconsciously, her complete
superiority over  him. Her constant referral to him as more of a child than an
adult had helped his  unconscious thought accept, however reluctantly that,
subtle but important, shift in  their relationship. "Place your hands on your
head young man... and stand up straight." Hazel waited  for the boy to obey. She
knew that she might have to wait for him to compose  himself, but instinctively
she knew that he would eventually comply. She tapped her  foot and folded her
arms as if impatient. She felt a thrill run through her body and a  tingling
between her legs as she watched the boy stand straight and reluctantly  uncover
himself and place his hands upon the top of his head. "You can straighter  than
that arch that back shoulders back, you don't want me to think of you as a
slouch...do you?" Trembling and blushing a bright red, Timothy stood straight,
staring in horror as  Hazel went down on one knee in front of him and placed her
delicate hands on either  side of his waist. He shivered uncontrollably as she
slid the smooth palms of her  hands down inside the waist of his underpants. She
watched his face for a moment as  she slowly pulled them down until his erect
penis halted them. Looking at his groin  she lifted the waistband over his
penis, watching it spring upwards as it was freed  from the confines of the
material. She was astonished at how large it was for such a  young boy. Her face
was only inches away from the smooth bulbous head, which she  noted had been
circumcised, as she slid the garment down his thighs and to his feet. "Lift your
feet so that I can take them off, there's a good boy." Hazel's voice was
soothing, her tone almost husky as she slid the garment from his feet and stood
upright.

She placed the garment in the locker and then before Timothy could cover himself
she  spoke sternly to him. "Stay exactly as you are... and tell me young man..."
She  paused for effect "Why you have an erection?"

Timothy did not believe he could have been more embarrassed his mind was in a
whirl, the cheeks of his face were on fire, and he was trembling from head to
foot.  "I......d'''ddddonnt k'know muh mmm miss. I..."

He failed to finish the sentence, feeling near to fainting as Hazel looked at
him, her  face seemingly serious and stern. "Well young man, I will just have to
take you out into the corridor as you are... I  sincerely hope that we don't
meet anyone." Holding his chin in her hand she looked  into his eyes. "Now put
your hands down by your sides and follow me." Before he  could protest or
compose himself she had taken hold of the curtain to the cubicle and  opened it
wide, stepping into the corridor immediately. Almost fainting with
embarrassment the trembling boy followed her. He could not help clasping his
hands  to his groin as he stumbled after her, pressing his hands tightly to his
penis so that it  was tight against his body. He walked with his knees pressed
together as he followed  her to the door opposite and stood cowering while she
opened it.

If Timothy thought that his humiliation could get no worse, then he was in for a
shock. It was Hazel's quick thinking in catching hold of his arm that stopped
him  from fleeing down the corridor. In the room were two nurses, one of about
twenty  years old and the other a student of not much more than sixteen years of
age. There  were several mothers who were standing with their daughters. It was
a large tiled  room with several baths, two of which had the curtains drawn
around them. In the  centre of the room was an examination table complete with
stirrups, which were set at  such an angle that, even to the casual observer it
would be obvious, that, one's legs  would have to be spread high and wide to fit
in them. All the girls were wearing dressing gowns of various styles. To
Timothy's absolute  horror one of the girls was Susan. She was wearing a fluffy
towelling dressing-gown  and looked completely composed, her hair freshly
brushed and shining with health,  her pretty face even had a touch of makeup.
Behind Susan was Mrs Grant, who upon  seeing Timothy immediately came over to
him. "Ah there you are Timothy, I knew  you were here somewhere." She turned to
Hazel, seemingly ignoring the boys  nakedness and abject embarrassment. "You
must be Hazel, Timmy's mother said you  would be bringing him, I hope you didn't
have any trouble finding the place then?"  Hazel smiled at Mrs. Grant and held
out her hand. "Pleased to meet you, Vicki isn't  it? Yes I found the place with
no trouble at all." They shook hands and Vicki  immediately turned her attention
back to Timothy. She had always wanted to see the  boy naked and now was her
chance. Even though he was cowering crouched against  the cold white tiles of
the wall, trying to hide his naked body from the interested  stares of the
mothers and the curiosity of their daughters, she could confirm that he  was, as
she had always thought, a perfectly physically proportioned boy.

She spoke to Hazel again. "The rest of the girls have had their enemas, there is
only  Timothy left to do. So I am sure Nurse Davis will prepare Timothy next and
then she  will probably help you bath him." She turned to Timothy as she spoke
again. "I am  sure Timmy doesn't want to stand naked in front of all us ladies
and the girls for any  longer than he has to."

Susan looked at Timothy, admiring his perfectly formed body. She had always
liked  him and looked forward to him coming over to her house. Even though he
was two  years younger than her she had always known that he was someone
special. She  looked over his naked body and although his hands were clasped
over his groin she  could clearly see that his penis was erect. Susan had often
visualised what the boy  must look like naked, but the reality, despite his
crouching position was better than  she had ever hoped. She smiled at him and
watched him blush an even deeper red as  she spoke.

"Hello Timmy, mummy said you were having your medical with us today. Gail and
the rest us girls," She looked over shoulder at a tall blond girl who, had never
taken  her eyes off the boy since he had come through the door. "...are going to
join the line  for the doctor so you will be on your own in here. Don't worry we
all have to go  through it." She smiled kindly at him and walking forward
touched her hand to his  blushing cheek. Timothy could never have envisioned,
even in his widest dreams that  he could feel so humiliated. To be naked, not
only in front of Susan and her mother,  but in front of Gail the head-girl who
besides Susan was the prettiest girl in the  school.

Gail was tall and her maturity and aloof demeanour had set her apart from the
rest of  the school, making her the perfect choice for the prestigious position
of head prefect.  Excelling at sport as well as academic work she was extremely
popular amongst all of  the teaching staff as well as the pupils. He had seen
sixth formers, boys that would not  even think of talking to him, mooning after
her like lost sheep. Now the humiliations  of humiliations, she was seeing him
naked and cowering in front of her.

"Timothy was as near to fainting as he had ever been as Mrs Grant took his arm
and  propelled him along to the examination couch. Hazel walked with her and
took the  boy's other arm as Timothy tried to crouch even lower to the floor;
his face was  ablaze with utter humiliation and embarrassment as the nurses came
towards him. It  was like a nightmare as he was made to sit on the end of the
examination table and  then lay back. He felt his legs being lifted and spread
wide open as they placed them  in the stirrups lifting his bottom completely off
the bed. A pad was placed under the  small of his back, which supported him and
elevated his bottom even further away  from the bed. He resisted as the young
student nurse moved to his side and gently  took his wrists to pull his hands
away from his groin.

Hazel spoke sharply to the trembling boy. "Look at me Timothy." He opened his
eyes  which he had tightly shut with embarrassment and looked at Hazel through
his widely  spread legs.  "Naughty boys get their bare bottoms smacked... and
you are no  exception." Vicki Grant looked on with admiration as Hazel delivered
three sound  slaps to the boy's naked buttocks. You could have heard a pin drop
in the room such  was the silence that followed. It was such a shock to the boy
that it was several  seconds before he managed to gasp in astonishment.

Hazel spoke again; "Now my boy, let the nurse position you properly and perhaps
we  will have no more such nonsense." Both Vicki and Hazel watched the
uncovering of  the boy in silence. The nurse took his wrists and raised his arms
until they were laid  on the bed stretched out above his head. Hazel was now
able to examine the boy at  her leisure. His penis was completely erect and
pointing upwards toward the ceiling.  His swollen testicles had stretched the
scrotum so tightly that the skin shone under the  overhead lights that
illuminated the examination table.  Vicki Grant called to her daughter as she
was leaving with the rest of the girls and  their mothers. "If you go and join
the line Susan I will be with you in a few  moments."

Timothy did not hear Susan's reply such was his utter embarrassment in realising
that  not only had he been smacked in front of Mrs. Grant and the nurses, but
that Susan  and the rest of the girls had still been in the room. He lay his
head to the side and  closed his eyes tightly with pure and utter embarrassment
and humiliation.

Both Hazel and Vicki looked down at the boy as Nurse Davis Wheeled across a
trolley, filled with a variety of instruments. One of the four corners of the
trolley  ascended into a stand that had an enema bag held high with tubing
descending to the  glass top which held the instruments.

Vicki whispered to Hazel as they stood side by side examining the boy. "He has
the  most perfect looks and physique of any boy I have ever seen." Hazel nodded,
not  taking her eyes from the boy's body. "Wonderful skin too, look at him, his
skin is  flawless." They moved back from between the boy's widely spread legs as
Nurse  Davis handed the enema nozzle to the young nurse and then greased her
un-gloved  finger with lubricant. "Now keep still Timothy" She announced "I am
just going to  slide my finger up into your little bottom and lubricate you a
bit before I put the  nozzle in. So be a brave boy." .

"Open your eyes and pay attention to the nurse there's a good boy." Mrs Grant's
voice, which was soothing but firm, had the desired effect as she watched the
young  boy open his eyes. Hazel realised that perhaps there was more to Vicki
Grant than met  the eye. Vicki put her arm around Hazel's waist as they both
watched the two nurses  at work on the boy. Timothy groaned and writhed as first
a finger was slid up into his  bottom and then his buttocks spread wide by nurse
Davis, while the young student  nurse gently inserted the pre-greased nozzle
right up into his bottom. Hazel could not  help feeling a thrill as Timothy
grunted as the lower part of the nozzle was inflated  with deft squeezes of the
rubber bulb that the young nurse held in her hand. Nurse  Davis let go of the
boy's buttocks and immediately started lathering a shaving brush.  Almost
nonchalantly she applied the brush to his genitals, gently lifting the swollen
testicles as she applied the foam evenly. The younger nurse reached upward and
switched on the water from the enema bag and then took a razor from the trolley.

In an almost callous and casual manner she took hold of the young boy's penis
and  ignoring his moans of protestation, moved it this way and that as she
shaved the entire  area between his legs and buttocks.

Timothy was beside himself with utter humiliation as the nurse deftly pulled the
skin  of his foreskin tightly up over the head of his penis and shaved the small
hairs that  could be seen on the base of the shaft.

He opened his eyes in shock as he felt one of the nurses stretch his bottom
cheeks  wide while the nurse shaved in-between them. He gasped as she moved the
tube from  side to side to facilitate the further exposure of the crease of his
bottom.

Timothy felt his eyes well up with tears of embarrassment. The light above him
became blurred as he felt the first pangs of cramps in his tummy. He groaned
audibly  as the water began to fill up inside him. The young nurse looked at
Hazel and  beckoned her over to the side of the examination table. "Will you
gently rub his  tummy for him, it will stop some of the cramps and he still has
another pint to go." Hazel moved to the boy's side and placed one hand gently on
his chest and stroked his  cheek with the other. She watched as he opened his
eyes, his expression showing his  utter dismay as she leaned her head over his
and whispered to him. "Don't worry  Timmy, I think all the younger boys have had
to go through this before their medicals.  Somehow her words or the closeness of
her caused him to blush an even deeper shade  of red. "I am going to rub your
tummy a little it will help you." As Hazel rubbed  almost sensually over the
boy's tummy she casually let her forearm brush over the  head of his penis. As
if it was the most normal thing in the world she took hold of his  penis and
moved it out of the way while she rubbed his lower stomach. "There has  that
lessened the cramps Timothy?" He looked at her through his haze of
embarrassment, feeling her stretch his erect penis back between his legs as she
continued rubbing his stomach. Another hand was placed on his chest and he
looked  to his right to see Mrs Grant peering over him. "I have to go Timothy,
but I will pop  in and see you before I go." She looked up at Hazel and smiled.
"I am helping some  of the nursing staff as well as looking after Susan, but I
will see you later.

The nightmare continued... Hazel and the nurses helped and guided him to the
toilet...the humiliation as a hand reached between his legs and deflated the
nozzle...  the bending over as a syringe was pushed into his bottom and water
expelled up into  him... standing naked and ashamed after he had expelled so
that the nurse could  examine the contents of the toilet bowl.

Timothy could not believe that he could be so humiliated. He trembled and shook
as  the nurse made him walk to the middle of the room and bend over whilst she
wiped  his bottom like one would a small child. She then instructed him gently
but firmly.  "Hands on your head and legs wide apart. Stand straight like a big
boy now." When at  last he had his legs spread apart and his hands placed on his
head to her satisfaction,  she pulled up a chair and sat down in front of him.
To his horror she moved the chair  closer, her knees almost between his legs.
His body tensed as he watched her hand  encircle his penis. Although his penis
was no longer erect he felt utterly humiliated  and powerless as her cool
slender fingers encircled his timid flesh. Without preamble  she lifted his
penis upward as she placed her other hand beneath his scrotum and  gently lifted
his testicles, pulling them forward from between his widely spread legs.  Her
cool hands gently holding his most intimate and private parts, was too much for
Timothy to bear. He felt his penis throb between her delicate fingers and begin
to  erect.

Both Hazel and the young nurse had moved to stand in front of him. He looked at
them, his whole body beginning to shake with the shame he was feeling. Nurse
Davis  spoke to Hazel and the nurse ignoring both the boy's utter humiliation
and his  erecting penis. "This is most unusual I have only seen it once before."
She pulled his testicles even  further forward, ignoring Timothy's gasp as she
held them firmly stretched away from  between his legs. "His testicles are so
swollen that they are causing pain. If I were to  guess I would say that he has
not yet ejaculated, although as you can see the testes are  full.. and he is
obviously capable of an erection." She squeezed his penis and let her  hand
slide down the shaft exposing the glans and ignoring completely the boy's
complete humiliation and groans of dismay.

I will let you bath him if you will Hazel and have a word with the doctor while
you  are doing that. Tina will help you bathe him..." She nodded at the young
nurse, but  try to avoid him ejaculating as I would like the doctor to see
this." She hefted his  testicles in the palm of her hand as she spoke.

Timothy looked at Hazel, his face filled with shame as he saw her looking at his
testicles and penis. He blushed again as she looked him in the eye. "I hope
Timothy that you are going to behave yourself while the nurse and I bath you
and that I am not going to have to smack your bottom again."

Timothy looked at her his bottom lip trembling and mumbled to her almost
incoherently. "err....nnnnooo..miss."

The Bath was prepared and a naked and trembling Timothy was made to stand in the
ten inches of water that the young nurse had drawn into the bath. Tina looked at
Hazel  and spoke to her a voice that showed her admiration for how she handles
the boy. "Er  Miss... erm,,, Hazel, if you would get the boy to hold on to the
safety rail up there....  Er you will be able to hadle him erm... more easily."
Hazel smiled to herself as the young nurse pointed to the safety rail that was
set into  the ceiling above the bath. Two chromium plated adjustable rods
extended down from  the ceiling to a bar, which was high enough to make Timothy
have to stretch to reach  it. Hazel was aware of the exact meaning of what the
young nurse had said, in that the  boy would be completely open to their
ministrations.

"Grasp the bar Timothy and open your legs wide, let's have no nonsense now." She
slapped him lightly on the buttocks, much to the embarrassment of the boy and
perhaps, she thought, to the delight of the young nurse.

Timothy stood and endured the most humiliating bath he had ever had. Not only
did  they handle him like a prize animal on show, but their comments on various
parts of  his anatomy, accented his total shame and vulnerability.

"Right keep straight and stop squirming about" Hazel admonished him as she took
the  first scoop of water and began to lather her hands with soap. Tina followed
suit as  they began at his shins and lathered him up to the tops of his thighs.
Timothy could  not cope with the sensation of their soft and delicate hands
gently soothing and  caressing his body. His penis had erected fully and was
standing straight out and  upwards from his body at an angle of forty-five
degrees. Both Hazel and the young  nurse deliberately ignored his genitals as
they began to soap over his chest. Hazel  became aware of the sensitivity of his
nipples as she gently scraped her nails over  them on the pretence of washing
his chest.

The intimacy of them washing under his arms and around his chest had him
trembling  from head to foot. He knew with an absolute certainty what was yet to
come, dreading  the moment when they would turn their attention to washing
between his widely  parted thighs. It was Hazel that made the first move, making
the most of the situation  she took hold of his chin and made him look her in
the eyes. She could see the distress  written all over his face as she spoke to
him. "Right Timothy, I am going to wash  your penis and testicles and I do not
want any false modesty from you young man.  Now turn to face me and get those
legs spread wider so that I can get at you properly.  Remember... any nonsense
and you will be out of this bath and over my knee... and  all in front of our
young nurse here. So Timothy my boy... are you going to be a good  boy or will
you be going over my knees with that bare bottom of your raised in the
air...mmm?"

Her words could not have been chosen better for the humiliating effect it had on
the  young boy. His face suddenly suffused in an almost purple blush as he
looked at her.  He could not speak such was his abject dismay... instead he
opened his legs as wide  as he could and looked down shamefaced and trembling.

The first touch of her hand was like an electric shock as she took a firm hold
of his  penis and without warning stretched the foreskin back as far as it would
go. He jerked  his hips in shock as she raised her other hand and soaped behind
the rim of the glans.  He trembled and shook as she washed his penis thoroughly,
before reaching right  between his legs and carefully drew his tender scrotum
forward rolling the testes in  her hand before applying more soapy lather to his
most intimate parts. Suddenly he  felt himself beginning to throb uncontrollably
and his body tremble as  the acute  sensation of an impending ejaculation surged
through his young body. Hazel felt it at  that very same moment and took her
hands away from the boy. Hoping that she was  not too late and the boy would
ejaculate. This was something that she did not want...  at least not yet. Her
surprise turned to a smile as Tina, who had been aware of the  danger suddenly
dowsed the whole of his genitalia with a jug of freezing cold water.  The boy
gasped out loud as the shock of the water hit him. "arrgghh... ahhhhh"

Hazel could not help smiling at Tina as the boy shivered from the shock of the
cold  water. She ignored his protestations and spoke to Tina. "Well that seemed
to do the  trick, I think we are nearly finished if you would just bend him over
and wash his  bottom I think that will do."

More humiliation followed as Timothy was made to hold on to the side of the bath
with his legs spread wide apart, while the young sixteen year old, insinuated
her small  hand between the cheeks of his bottom and washed him thoroughly. He
gasped as a  slender finger was pushed against the tight rosebud of his
sphincter and to his horror,  pushed up inside him. To add to his humiliation
her other hand slid around his hips  and he felt slender fingers take a firm
hold of his penis. "Just one more little push and  I am almost finished." Her
soft voice almost whispered in his ear as she pushed up  into his bottom and at
the same time jerked his foreskin up and down the shaft of his  penis in quick
succession until he was fully erect again. "Arggghhh...arggghhhh. He moaned and
groaned as the young girl expertly  manipulated him, feeling the head of his
penis slap against his tummy as she stretched  his foreskin backwards and
forwards.

"There now we are all done." She whispered as she suddenly pulled her finger
from  inside his bottom and smacked him smartly on the buttocks. She let go of
his penis  and stood back. "Right young man. Let's have you out of this bath and
dried off."  Hazel wondered as she watched Tina manipulate the boy so expertly,
how many  young boys she had done that to, at their compulsory medicals.

As Hazel dried the boy she continued to subjugate him with words and actions.
"Bend  over there's a good boy and let me dry your little bottom." She parted
the cheeks of  his buttocks with her bare hand and then proceeded to dry between
them. As she stood  him up and died his chest she mad sure that the towel
constantly rubbed the tip of his  penis. She mad him stand with his legs wide
apart while she took hold of his penis  and patted it dry. She repeated the
procedure with his testicles, aware that boy was  absolutely suffused in a blush
from head to toe. The final humiliation was when she  asked Tina to check his
bottom and behind his foreskin to see if he was completely  dry, accompanied by
the remark; "I usually have to powder little boy's bottoms after  they have been
bathed. I don't suppose you have any do you?"

Timothy absolutely cringed with embarrassment at the remark and the instruction
she  gave to the young nurse.

Timothy could hardly bring himself to look at her as the nurse stood in front of
him in  her crisp white apron. "Legs apart and bend over, there that's the way."
She leaned  over him and encircled his waist her hand reaching up under him and
nonchalantly  taking a firm hold of his penis and testicles as her other hand
explored between the  cheeks of his bottom. "Right up you get, come along now."
She hurried the boy to a  standing position and slapped the inside of his thighs
until they were spread to her  satisfaction. Timothy could have sworn she had a
satisfied smirk on her face at his  abject humiliation, his body was trembling
all over as she reached forward and deftly  took a firm grip on his penis. He
trembled as she moved close to him. Her young  breasts were almost pressed
against his chest as she reached between their bodies and  cupped his testicles
in an upward motion and at the same time stretched his penis so  that it was
touching his naval. He could not meet her gaze as she stepped back again  and
deftly pulled his foreskin back along the shaft and examined behind the glans,
she  moved the swollen flesh this way and that and then casually patted it in an
upward  motion before letting him go.

Timothy was near to tears with embarrassment as he was made to walk between Tina
and Hazel as they left the tiled bathroom and proceeded towards the larger room
at the  end of the corridor. Again he clasped his hands to his groin, battling
to keep his erect  penis hidden from view. As they walked down the corridor he
could see several of the  mothers with their daughters who were fully dressed in
their school uniforms.  Timothy cast his eyes to the ground and began to crouch
lower, it was just as they  were passing a pretty girl of sixteen and her mother
that Hazel slapped his bottom  twice in quick succession. "I can see that I am
going to have to take you over my knee  if there is any more nonsense. Now stand
up straight and walk properly you naughty  child."

Timothy wished a hole would appear in the floor and swallow him up, such was his
dismay as involuntarily he looked up to see the girl snigger at his nakedness.
The  mother raised her eyebrows to Hazel in sympathy as Hazel took his arm and
pulled it  away from his groin. Timothy could not contain his penis and
testicles in just one  hand so he pressed his penis close to his tummy as he was
led towards the door of the  common room.

As they entered a nurse as well as Mrs Grant were clearing screens away. To the
side  of the room He could see Susan and Gail, now fully dressed, helping to
arrange the  screens against the wall. Timothy groaned with embarrassment as he
saw Susan and  Gail. The nurse stopped and turned to Hazel. "If you have Timothy
wait by the door  over there, I will see how long it will be before he can see
the doctor,. Why don't you  go and get a coffee, you must be parched"

Hazel smiled at Tina and instructed the boy to go and wait by the door. When he
hesitated Hazel immediately took a firm grip on his upper arm. Timothy groaned
in  horror, as he saw that the door the nurse had indicated was where both Susan
and Gail  were stacking the screens.

The offer by both Gail and Susan to help with the screens had not been entirely
altruistic. Susan knew that Timothy would be the last to go in and that in all
likelihood her mother would stay at least to see Hazel, before she left. She
smiled at  Gail almost conspiratorially.

They both watched as the naked boy was escorted by Hazel to wait by the surgery
door. The door, which was only a few feet from where they were standing, had a
screen in front of it, which was shaped in the letter L.  He was again crouched
low,  both hands now protecting his modesty as best he could as he hobbled
rather than  walked to the closed door and disappeared behind the screen. He had
managed to  avoid the interested gaze of the girls as he walked across the room.
Once behind the  screen Hazel spoke sternly to him. "Right young man I have told
you about being  slovenly once too often." Without warning she took a hold of
his waist and turned him  around. Before he could protest she had bent him over
with her arm encircling his  waist. To his horror he realised that she was going
to smack his bottom and that Susan  and Gail were only a few yards from the
other side of the curtained screen.

"Pleeeaaaa...aasssee." His pleading was cut short by the first of a dozen sound
slaps  that she delivered not only to his bottom but also to his legs. He
involuntarily began  dancing about as she slapped him. "Smack smaccckkk...
smackkkkkkk."

"Owwwhhh arggghh... pleeeasee... ouchhhh." He could not believe this was
actually  happening to him as she tightened her grip around his waist and
continued slapping  him. "Smaaaccck... smaaacckkk.... Smaccckkkk. As the twelfth
stroke of her hand  fell upon his reddened bottom and legs she stopped and stood
him upright...

"Right young man... hands on your head...quickly now and stand up straight." She
watched him intently, her beautiful face stern and foreboding as he reluctantly
obeyed. "Now let me tell you, if I find that you have moved one millimetre while
I am  gone, you will be over my knee, right here in this room!" Timothy blushed
profusely  feeling utterly ridiculous as he stood with his hands on his head.
His long penis  although not erect was still turgid, the plump flesh lying
heavily over his swollen  testicles.

Timothy stood as he had been instructed to, when the screen in front of him was
suddenly wheeled away. To reveal both Susan and Gail looking cool and fresh in
their  school uniforms. "Sorry Timothy, Susan said as she slid the screen along
the floor.  "We have to have all of these away before the next girls arrive."

Timothy could have died. He dare not move his hands, the results of his
disobedience  already displayed in red blotches on his bottom and thighs. He
blushed bright red and  hung his head in utter shame as the screen was wheeled
away. Looking down with his  hands pressed firmly to the back of his head, all
he could contemplate was his  absolute nakedness and utter humiliation.

He could hear the screen s being moved and several footsteps in the hall, he
sensed  that someone was approaching him. He raised his head to see Mrs Grant
standing in  front of him. "I am sorry Hazel has had to smack your bottom, my it
does look red...  and your legs too I see." Timothy blushed aware that that was
not all that Mrs Grant  could see of him. "Never mind you will be seeing the
Doctor in a few minutes... I'll  get Susan to come across and cheer you up a
bit... they can manage the other screens  afterwards." The last thing Timothy
wanted was for Susan to see him naked again, he felt even  more vulnerable with
his genitals freshly shaven, not even a whisper of hair to protect  his modesty.
He was blushing an even deeper shade of red as Mrs Grant gently patted  his
burning cheek and walked across to where Gail and Susan were working. He dare
not look as Mrs Grant spoke to them, his body trembling uncontrollably with
embarrassment as the two girls walked across to where he was standing. Susan was
the first to speak as she stood close to him and placed her hand on his bare
shoulder.  "Poor Timmy... having to have his bottom smacked. I am sorry, I know
how shy you  are." Susan's voice was soft and soothing and sounded sincere.
Timothy blushed an  even deeper shade of red as Gail casually walked to his side
and smoothed hand  gently across the cheeks of his bottom. He flinched in shock
at the intimacy of her  touch. His embarrassment was paramount at being made to
stand naked and fully on  display in front of the two teenage girls.

Gail spoke to him, her hand stroking gently down across his sensitive bottom
cheeks.  "Did she hurt you very much? They were very loud slaps." Richard
blushed again, his  face already so reddened with embarrassment that the effect
was minimal. To his  horror he felt his penis pulse, knowing full well that he
had no control over it. He  began to crouch, pushing his bottom backwards as he
felt his penis beginning to  become erect once more. "Pleeeaaase er.. miss" His
plea went unfinished as Gail took  her hand from his bottom and stood beside
Susan. She placed her hand gently on his  chest, her long fingers grazing over
the sensitive flesh of his nipple as she spoke to  him. I think you ought to
stand up straighter. If Hazel catches you like this I think she  will be having
your bare bottom over her knee.   To his horror Gail's hand moved softly over
his chest and down onto his tummy  before she moved her hand away and both girls
stood back from him. He stood  straight his eyes unable to avoid looking at them
as they watched his penis begin to  throb, the turgid flesh pulsing visibly. "Oh
Timothy... you're penis is moving... are  you going to get an erection?" Susan
asked innocently. Timothy wished he would  faint... anything to escape the
foolishness and humiliation he felt. The girls stood and  watched as his penis
stiffened until it stood out from his body, the flesh full and  throbbing
visibly.  Susan could see he was becoming more and more distressed at his
embarrassment and  motioned to Gail. "We will leave you Timmy, don't worry it
will all be over soon."  The girls moved away talking quietly to each other, it
was Gail that turned her head  back to look at the naked boy, his body standing
upright with his hands on his head  and his penis sticking straight out in front
of him.

It was perhaps a quarter of an hour later that Hazel returned to the surgery
door.  Timothy's erection had subsided to an almost flaccid state as she looked
at him,  placing her hand gently on his cheek."I am sorry I had to smack you
Timmy, but you  were a naughty boy. However Vicki has been telling me what an
extraordinarily shy  young man you are. The doctor will see you now I think, so
you can take your hands  down." Hazel stepped forward and knocked confidently
upon the surgery door. It was  only a few moments before an extremely pretty
young nurse opened the door. "Come  in." She announced, holding the door open
wide so that Hazel was able to usher the  young boy in.

The surgery was large and divided by a large screen in the centre of the room.
In front  of Timothy, who was again clasping his hands in front of his groin,
was a large desk,  upon which was a blotter pad, 'in' and 'out' trays and a
stethoscope. Towards the  middle of the room was a very modern examination couch
with brown leather stirrups  already in place. There were weighing scales of a
very modern design and several  shelves with complicated instruments of various
shapes. A strong overhead light  illuminated the examination table. There were
two nurses, both dressed in smart white  tunics. Both of the nurses were young
and slender. The shorter of the two had short  almost black hair while the other
nurse wore her longer blonde hair tied back in a  chignon. It was the doctor who
held Timothy's attention, she was small and petite, her  pretty face was neatly
made up and the small steel rimmed glasses she wore gave her  a studious
appearance. She was wearing a white coat made of very fine cotton. He  realised
that the doctor could not be much more than twenty-five years old. As she  stood
up Timothy could see that a white cotton belt accentuated her tiny waist. She
looked at Hazel and smiled, displaying her perfect teeth. "I understand that you
are"  She looked down at the form she held in her hand "Timothy's temporary
guardian,  while his mother is away?"

Hazel replied confidently. "Yes that's right, his mother is staying with my own
mother while she recovers from a bout of influenza. So I have taken charge of
Timothy and am staying at the house to look after him." The doctor smiled. She
realised that Hazel was a quite confident and able young lady  and was quite
sure that Hazel meant exactly what she said when she said 'take  charge'.

The doctor turned to one of the nurses. "Let's get him weighed and measured and
then  I will examine him. "She turned to Hazel. "There are some forms to sign,
which you  as guardian at the present time may sign in his mother's absence.

She opened the palm of her hand to indicate that Hazel should sit on a chair by
the  desk while one of the nurses took Timothy by the arm and led him to the
scales. He  began to blush once more as the Pretty dark haired nurse placed her
soft hands on his  waist and positioned him on the scales. He stood there until
she motioned him to step  down and stood him against the wall, which had a scale
marked in feet and inches  upon it. "Put your hands by your sides and stand up
straight with your head touching  the wall." Reluctantly Timothy uncovered
himself, blushing as the nurse glanced  down at his naked body. He blushed even
more as he body pressed firmly against him  as she placed a small movable marker
on his head. "Right you can move forward."  She said as she noted the position
of the maker.

The next part was particularly humiliating as she made him stand with his legs
apart  and his hands stretched out to either side. "Now stay like that until I
have finished  measuring you there's a good boy." He blushing her delicate hands
held the tape  around his neck and then from his shoulder to his fingertips.
Each time she measured  him she called out the result to the other nurse who had
come to stand by them with a  clipboard. She pressed her body against him as she
measured his chest and then his  waist, her cool hands playing havoc with his
feelings.

Timothy blushed profusely as she knelt down and passed the tape around his
buttocks,  her face was pressed almost intimately against his tummy as she
brought the ends  around to the front. He trembled as her hand brushed against
his penis as she placed  the end of the tape to the measurement. Again the back
of her hand brushed against  his penis as she placed the tape around his thigh.

Timothy could but stand there, his arms still outstretched and beginning to ache
just  as the pretty nurse smiled at him and spoke; "You may put hands on top of
your head  now, they must be aching by now." Timothy blushed, as she looked him
in the eye.  Deliberately and without warning she reached forward and cupped his
testicles before  placing the end of the tape with her other hand between his
legs. The effect of her  looking him straight in the eye while holding his
genitals was too much for Timothy  and he blushed mightily.

"My you are a shy one;" she said. "I would not have thought a young man like you
could blush so much." He proved her wrong as involuntarily he blushed once more
at  seeing Hazel turn her head, from the desk where she was filling out his
forms, and  look at him. She spoke, her tone matter of fact, as she watched the
young nurse  nonchalantly lift his testicles once more and proceed to measure
the length of his leg  from the groin. "Now Timothy I hope you are behaving
yourself, I would not want to  have to smack your bottom again."

Her words causing the boy to blush an even deeper shade of red, waves of
humiliation  washing over him as he stood naked before the young nurse, his legs
spread wide  apart and his hands on top of his head. "The nurse looked at him as
she finished  taking his measurements and stood upright, her face now only
inches away from his.  Her tone conveyed a feeling of sympathy as she gently
laid her soft hand on his  cheek. "Poor baby, it's all a bit much for you isn't
it." Timothy blushed again this  time at the intimate contact of her hand and
the closeness of her face to his.

His humiliation continued as the nurse sat him on a cold metal chair while she
took  his blood pressure and a small quantity of blood. She bade him stand up
and passed  him a large jar with a tube like end. He blushed as he saw it,
knowing that he would  be required to give a urine sample. His embarrassment was
almost palpable as she  made him stand by the sink in full view of everyone.
"Now see if you can fill the  bottle for me." Timothy looked at her
incredulously; surely he would be able to do it  in private! The nurse smiled at
him and said. "I am sorry Timothy you will have to do  it in front of me, I am
going to test it straight away." She took the jar from his hands  and knelt in
front of his. To his dismay she took hold of his penis, which was still  plump
but hanging down between his legs, and placed the end and most of the shaft
into the jar. "Now take hold of the jar, there's a good boy." Without another
word she  turned to the sink and turned on the cold tap. She placed a sponge
underneath the  running water and quickly, turning towards him, placed it
against his tummy. The  shock of the cold water and the running of the tap
quickly had the desired effect and  Timothy began to urinate helplessly as the
young nurse watched him. She moved  behind him and pressing her body close to
his, she passed her hands around his waist  took hold of his penis and the jar
and squeezed the last few drops from the end of his  penis.

Timothy was made to stand in the middle of the room with his hands on his head
for  about ten minutes before the doctor got up from her desk and placed the
stethoscope  around her neck. He could feel himself blush as she took his face
in her hands and  bent his head forward. Her gentle fingers began to run through
his hair as she  examined his scalp. She then looked in his ears before tracing
her hands around his  jaw line. He could see from over her shoulder that Hazel
and both the young nurses  had joined the doctor and were standing to her side
as she placed the cold stethoscope  against his chest. "Breathe in deeply and
hold your breath until I tell you to expel."  Her voice was soft, almost
intimate as she moved the cold metal over his chest.  "Right put your hands by
your side and expel your breath." She let the stethoscope  drop and waited until
his hands were by his side.

She raised her arms and placed them on each shoulder before moving them over his
shoulders and down his arms. Her touch was soft and gentle and her cool hands
made  goose bumps appear upon his flesh. "Now hold your arms out." Timothy
obeyed as  she placed her hands on either side of his chest and slowly moved
them down his  body until they were holding each side of his narrow waist.

She went down on one knee and continued feeling either side of his body as her
hands  brushed down over his hips and thighs to his ankles. "You may put your
hands down  by your sides now." She stood up and to Timothy's embarrassment took
hold of his  penis with both hands and gently pushed the foreskin back until the
glans was fully  exposed. She examined it carefully before letting it drop back
between his legs.  Timothy groaned as he felt his penis throb at her touch. She
made no comment as she  lifted his testicles and spoke to him once more. "Now
turn you head to the side and  cough for me." Timothy obeyed, his cough week and
feeble, such was embarrassment  at standing in front of the four young women
while his testicles were being held so  intimately. "And again, a nice big cough
please Timothy." He blushed, but managed a much  stronger cough. The doctor
turned to one of the nurses and asked her to bring a chair.  The taller blonde
nurse immediately fetched a chair, which she placed in front of  Timothy.

The doctor sat on the chair and placed her hand upon the inside of the boy's
thigh.  "Now open your legs as wide as you can there's a good boy." She turned
her head to  Hazel as the boy obeyed her, spreading his legs as wide as he
could.

"Nurse Davis has told me about her cause for concern Hazel, and his testicles
are  indeed very enlarged and swollen." She turned back to Timothy and looked up
at him  from her chair. "Look at me Timothy and listen." Shamefaced the boy
looked at the  young doctor, his face blushing as her eyes fixed upon his. "I am
going to ask you  some questions and I want truthful answers. Do you understand
me?" Timothy  blushed, but managed to answer. "er... Yes doctor." His voice was
croaky and hoarse. "Do you know what  masturbation is?" Her question embarrassed
the boy but reluctantly he managed to  answer her. "erm... Yes I think so .. er
miss... er doctor." Have you ever  masturbated? Played with this until you have
ejaculated. I want a truthful answer  now." Timothy blushed profusely as the
doctor, almost casually took hold of his penis  and laid it in the palm of her
hand. The doctor could see the colour suddenly rush to  his face as he looked at
his penis laid in her hand and then replied.   "Honestly er.. miss.. erm
truthfully I haven't." He stuttered and stammered as she continued to hold his
penis. After a few moment  she let go of his penis and cupped his scrotum in one
hand and gently felt around the  testes with the other. "Are you having pain
from your testicles?" She looked up at him  as she spoke. His eyes were
immediately drawn to hers as he made his admission.  "Yes... miss... er doctor,
sometimes they hurt." "Does the pain wake you up at night?" "erm... Sometimes
miss." The boy replied truthfully.

She stood up and left him and spoke to both of the nurses. "I want him on the
table...  er no not that one." She gestured towards the examination table.
"Behind the screen I  think. I want good access and plenty of support he may be
there for a while." Timothy  could hear the conversation but had no idea what
was about to happen to him.

Timothy stood as he had been left while the nurses disappeared behind the
screen. He  could here the soft hiss of pneumatics and hear the nurses busy with
some kind of  apparatus, but beyond that he had no idea what they were doing. He
was aware that a  very bright light had been turned on, reflecting its beams
against the ceiling above the  top of the screen that divided the room. Hazel
and the doctor were in deep  conversation by her desk as the boy stood naked and
embarrassed but otherwise  waiting patiently.

It was probably ten minutes that the two nurses came for him. He could
understand  that something was about to happen as he was led with each nurse
either side of him  holding his arms to the side of the screen and made to walk
through the opening next  to the wall. He trembled as he saw the fully automatic
gynaecological bed starkly  illuminated against the white tiled floor and walls
of that section of the room. There  were futuristic looking gas cylinders and
trolleys with callipers and instruments neatly  placed on their surfaces. He was
propelled towards the bed and quickly turned around  so that his bottom was
pressed against the end of the bed between the technical  looking stirrups. Pads
and supports seemed to be everywhere, their brown leather  supported by highly
polished chromium plated arms that seemed to have adjustments  everywhere. His
confinement to the examination bed was carried out quickly and efficiently as if
he might flee with fright. He was made to sit his bottom on the bed and quickly
laid  back while to nurses deftly hoisted his legs into the stirrups. Straps
were attached and  pads placed under him and around him that he apprehensively
looked at the two  nurses and stammered:  "er.. what are.. y... you going to
do.. er nurse." The nurse answered soothing her hands over the trembling boy's
brow. "Don't worry,  doctor will be through in a moment." He was given no more
information as they  continued adjusting the bed. His legs were held high but
thankfully not too far apart.  The support pads were under his thighs, knees and
ankles as well as soft supports  under his lumbar region and around his hips.
Suddenly he heard the hiss of  pneumatics and felt the stirrups moving, pulling
his legs further upwards and widely  apart until he felt his bottom cheeks
opening. One of the nurses busied herself  adjusting something cold against his
buttocks and again he heard the hiss of air as the  cheeks of his bottom were
stretched apart, exposing the sensitive opening of his  sphincter.

The last adjustment was the placing of a pad under his head, which the nurse
inflated  with air. Timothy did not think that he could have been placed in a
more humiliating  position. His legs were stretched far wider and higher than
that of the preparation  room where he had been given an enema and had his
genitalia shaved.

He blushed as he saw Hazel walk in to the room and stand looking at him from in-
between his widely spread legs, just as the nurses were attaching loose
restraints to his  wrists which had been placed on the bed above his head.

His apprehension grew even stronger as one of the nurses placed an oxygen mask
next  to his head. Although it had been placed it there as a precautionary
measure, Timothy  looked at it ominously.

The doctor walked through and asked one of the nurses to reduce the size of the
screen, which divided the room so that she could see the door. The nurse walked
in- between Timothy's prone position and the dividing screen and drew it back.
Timothy  could now see into the first part of the room and realised to his
dismay that the screen  only covered the middle part of him. His legs and head
were clearly visible to anyone  that entered the surgery.

She spoke to Hazel, ignoring the boy's worried expression. "I have asked Vicki
Grant  to come as soon as she is free. Vicki used to be a nurse here at the
centre and as she  lives near to where you are staying I thought she would be
the ideal choice to help  you with what we discussed." Timothy blushed
immediately as he heard that Mrs  grant would be coming in to the surgery,
hoping against hope that whatever they were  going to do to him would be
finished and she would not see him in such a humiliating  and revealing
position.

The doctor continued talking with Hazel: "Of course you will ideally need three
of  you so I am going to ask the one of the nurses from the centre to come along
and help  you.


"Now what I am going to do is extract as much semen as I can and..." The surgery
door opened cutting the young doctor off in mid-sentence. Timothy watched in
horror  as not only Mrs Grant walked in, but she was immediately followed by
Susan and  Gail. They all immediately looked at Timothy as they entered the
room, seeing him  blush a beetroot red as he saw them. Mrs. Grant spoke to
Susan; "If you and Gail take  a seat here I will go through. I don't know why
you both don't go and get a drink  from the canteen after all your hard work.

Timothy watched the girls sit down realising immediately that they could see him
quite clearly from their position. Mrs Grant walked through and smiled at Hazel
and  the doctor and nurses. "Sorry I couldn't come sooner." She looked down at
Timothy  her eyes taking in every inch of him as she walked over to Hazel who
was standing  next to the doctor at the foot of the bed. The two nurses
immediately took up their  positions at each side of his hips. One of them
nonchalantly laid her hand against his  tummy just above the juncture of his
penis, which was lying flaccid between his legs.

"As I was saying;" The doctor continued where she left off. "I am going to take
as  much semen from him as I can from him in the time permitting and then I
think we  will have to keep a close watch on his output during the coming weeks.

The doctor looked over Timothy's body and addressed Hazel, Mrs Grant and the two
nurses. "As you can see he is physically extremely well proportioned in fact I
don't  think I have seen a boy quite up to this standard of perfection... and I
don't use the  word perfection lightly. Because of his quite sheltered
upbringing I think that it would  be morally wrong to encourage him in
masturbatory habits. I am sure that if he is well  supervised and drained at
regular intervals it will be the most satisfactory solution."  Hazel looked at
Timothy as the doctor continued. She could see his face was one deep  red blush
and wondered why she felt so much excitement at his subjugation.

Now I am going to suggest that you take semen from him between say... five and
seven times a day. I will give you a box of test-tubes and if you would mark
them  with time and date, we will be able to judge what amount needs to be
extracted per  day, to keep his testicles at a normal size for physical
comfort."

She turned to one of the nurses; "Will you make sure we have some to hand."

"I will use two methods today so that you can alternate between them or at times
use  other methods to obtain as much as you can at each session. The school
holidays start  on Friday and as today is Tuesday I will issue a sick note so
that you may keep him at  home for the rest of the week." She turned to Hazel
and smiled as she finished her sentence. "If you check him during  the day, it
should indicate whether he is ready to have some more taken from him.

Timothy could not believe his ears. He was trembling from head to foot, his
embarrassment increasingly fuelled by each sentence. He felt like a prize animal
on  display as the doctor discussed what was to be done to him in such a 'matter
of fact'  manner.

Involuntarily he turned his head to the side to avoid the steady gaze of the
Hazel and  Mrs. Grant as he turned his head he suddenly became aware of Susan
and Gail who  were leaning forward in their seats. It became obvious to the
distraught boy that they  had heard every word the Doctor had said.

Timothy's penis was completely flaccid as the doctor moved further forward
between  the boy's legs. The nurse handed her an opened tube of lubricant and
waited with her  hand outstretched while the doctor greased several of her
fingers before handing it  back. The fluency of the procedure seemed well
practiced and made Hazel wonder  how may young boys and been subjected to this
kind of humiliation before Timothy.

Without a word the doctor inserted her hand between the boy's buttocks, the
smooth  plastic pads that stretched his bottom wide, allowed her full access to
his sphincter.

She looked at Timothy as she pressed her forefinger against the tight rosebud at
the  entrance to his anus. "Just relax there's a good boy, I am just going to
slide a finger up  inside you." Timothy turned his head to the side in
embarrassment only to see that  Gail and Susan had left their chairs and had
moved to the other side of the room. They  were looking towards the far side of
the screen and Timothy knew that they could  now see everything that the doctor
was doing to him.

He groaned as he felt her finger push past the constricting muscle of his
sphincter and  suddenly felt an acute sensation as she located his prostate.
"Arggghhh... ooohhh." Timothy groaned as he felt her finger, which seemed to be
deep inside of him, stimulate the prostate gland. He could feel an answering
throb in  the tip of his penis, as to his horror; he felt the nurse casually
lift the flaccid member  and deftly pull the foreskin down the shaft revealing
the glans and the sensitive flesh  beneath. "Argghhh.. oohhhh"  He writhed his
hips, trying to escape the acute sensation he felt deep inside his  bottom, but
was hindered by the confines of the gynaecological table.  The doctor turned to
Hazel and Mrs Grant..."As I thought, the prostate is enlarged I  would imagine
that the boy has been in discomfort for some time." The nurse caused his next
groan of misery, embarrassment and acute sensation as she  rubbed the palm of
her hand over the very tip of his penis. "Arrggghhhh....
Arggghhhhhh...arggggggggggggghhhhhhhhh." The sensation was so  acute that he
felt he would die unless she stopped immediately. The nurse gave a  smile of
satisfaction to Hazel and Vicki as the penis became fully erect and hard  within
her hands. "There's a good boy now that didn't take long did it sweetheart." The
dark haired  nurse coo-ed at him as she began to sensually manipulate the
foreskin up over the  sensitive glans and then back down again. Her practiced
milking motion soon had the  boy gasping for breath and every sinew of his body
as tight as piano wire. "Arrgggggghhhh...arggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh. Timothy
was beside himself,  engulfed in a myriad of the most acute sensations he had
ever felt in his young life. Hazel moved, almost instinctively, moved from the
doctor's side and came to stand  beside the boy. She lowered her head, her
breath soft and sweet and her voice gentle  and loving as she spoke to him.
"There my sweet boy let it all come out for doctor,  you'll feel much better
soon."

She placed her hand softly on his chest and ran her fingers articulately over
his  sensitive nipples. She could feel a thrill run through her body as he
suddenly arched  his back and groaned his voice almost a wail of anguish and
sensation. "Argggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... argh  argh argh."
His body  shook as Hazel quickly took each nipple in her hand and squeezed hard,
turning her  head to look at his penis which the nurse was steadily milking in
her long fingers.

Hazel noted that the other nurse was now holding his testicles and stroking his
tummy. She also noticed with amusement, that it was Vicki who held the test tube
over the end of his penis just at the vital moment, catching a mighty stream of
thick  semen as it erupted from his thrusting member. The nurse did not miss a
stroke in her  milking of him as Hazel watched avidly, noting the doctor almost
jabbing her finger  up between his captive buttocks as he ejaculated in a wail
of anguish.

"Arggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"  His wail
seemed to go on forever. Hazel turned back to look at the boy captive on the
bed below her. His head was thrown back and his mouth was wide open gasping for
air, as jet after jet of thick white globules seemed to burst from the tip of
his penis.  His head lashed from side to side as still the nurse manipulated his
penis and doctor  stimulated his prostate. They held him in the throes of
ecstasy, manipulating his flesh  so expertly and for so long that the boy began
to shiver as if his body was in spasm, On and on it went until the last spurts
of semen were drained from him. His back  arched one final time before he fell
back on the bed exhausted. His chest heaved for  breath as the nurse milked the
last few globules in an upward motion from the very  base of his penis, watching
as the very last drop escaped into the glass test tube. She  gently let go of
his penis and placed the oxygen mask over his face.

Simultaneously the doctor slowly and gently slid her finger from his bottom and
patted his penis gently.  "There's a good boy Timothy, you have done very well.
We are going to let you rest  for a while now."

Timothy sucked at the rich air. His mind and body were in turmoil. He had never
imagined that he could have experienced such feelings. He could feel his heart
beating  within his chest. He could, he imagined, feel every inch of his skin,
and still  impossibly feel their hands roaming over his body. Paramount to all
these feelings  was the utter humiliation he felt. He knew that his face was a
red as a beetroot. Not  just with the physical overwhelming experience of his
first ejaculatory orgasm but  with the already deeply carved humiliation, that
he had suffered at the hands of his  cousin and the doctor and nurses. These
feelings were even more acute; he shivered at  thought, of Susan and her mother
and of course the head girl, Gail. They had not only  heard him have his bottom
smacked in public, but had also witnessed his nakedness  and humiliation, being
made to stand with his hands clasped to his head, unable to  stop his penis from
erecting in front of them. He shivered again at the thought of the  recent
events, his young body shaking visibly.

Had he known or been able to foresee the events that would follow, he might well
have died of shame and humiliation. Or even had he been able to hear the
conversation centred around the doctor's desk his unease would have been
multiplied  tenfold.

Both Hazel and Vicki were seated at the doctor's desk. Susan and Gail had gone
back  to their seats rather hurriedly as the proceedings with Timothy had
finished. Although  they were sat some way a way from the desk they could hear
the conversation quite  clearly.

Lucy Ashcroft was without doubt one of the brightest young doctor's that visited
the  clinic. But there was much more to Lucy than reached the eye. She had
realised for  the first time, that her leanings towards an authoritarian
management of young boys  had until now been hidden and recessed in the back of
her mind. She knew that she  had experienced great sexual pleasure from the
morning events and was already  planning to repeat the episode. Not for her the
pimply, greasy skinned adolescents that  she had to deal with from time to time.
For her it was the huge significance that she  had actually experienced the
pleasure of toying with the emotions and physically  exploring the body of the
most perfect young male individual she had ever seen.

Her thoughts turned to her college friend who was now operating her own private
IVF  clinic in London. A quiet and hugely successful establishment that relied
upon, apart  from the necessary skills, what she now held in her hand; a
test-tube full of the  reluctant emission of a perfect donor.

Lucy looked at Hazel and Vicki Grant and held up the test-tube. "I have never
seen  such an amount ever... and from one emission. He must obviously have been
in  physical discomfort as well as the emotional one of not daring to
masturbate. I think we have an obligation to the boy to make sure that he is
well managed over the  next few weeks. I don't know how you both feel but I
think it would be wrong of us to  set him on a course of masturbatory habits at
his age. Apart from the clandestine and  furtive approach young boys seem to
have to this activity, it can be physically  damaging to the penis. The penis
can become bent and malformed with vigorous and  constant masturbation.
Therefore I propose that we keep it on a supervisory and  clinical basis as we
have already discussed. There is one other thing - and that is that I  would
rather like a colleague of mine in London to see him at some time, a second
opinion is always welcome." Lucy smiled at Hazel and Vicki as she stood up from
behind her desk and placed the test-tube in a holder.

"Would you like me to have a word with his mother and tell her what I am
proposing?  I think it would be best if she was kept informed right from the
start."

Hazel spoke, her voice confident and steady. Although she was only nineteen
years  old, her confidence and manner were of a much more mature woman. "I will
ring my  mother tonight and tell her of the events so far. We have a
relationship as such, that I  can easily talk to her about such things, I am
sure that she will be able to talk to his  mother, my aunt, and explain what the
poor boy has been going through."

Hazel thought to herself, that what he had gone through would be nothing to what
she  was going to do to him. She had thrilled at the boy's humiliation and her
total  dominance of him, where at a whim she could play with his body as she
wished.

Susan and Gail had been sitting quietly listening to the conversation. Susan had
known for some time that Timothy's popularity with her and her mother had not
been  just for his practical usefulness with the various jobs he had done for
them. She  remembered when he had once been emptying a pail of water, that he
had wet his  shirt and shorts so much so that they were wringing wet. Her mother
had instantly  rushed to the boy and started pulling his shirt from his body
with which she  succeeded, however when she had tried to pull his trousers down,
he had resisted and  quickly elected to return home in the sodden garments.
Susan thought then that her  mother had been rather keen to divest the boy of
his clothes, however well intentioned  her motives.

What had surprised Susan more today was that her mother had seen nothing
untoward  in Susan seeing the boy in all his nakedness - and that in fact she
had encouraged  Susan and Gail to go and talk to him while he was being made to
stand naked with his  hands on his head, obviously knowing that his penis and
testicles would be  completely on display for the girls to see.

Susan spoke; "Mummy, will Timothy be alright now, I just heard him moaning, he
seemed to be very distressed while you were with him in there." Vicki Grant
smiled at  her daughter and before answering her question, looked at the young
doctor. "Will it  be alright for Susan to see Timmy for a moment? Susan seems a
little concerned  about him... and of course she is a going to have to baby-sit
him while his mother is  away if Hazel needs a night off, which I am sure she
will. The doctor smiled at Vicki,  understanding immediately the implications of
what she was asking.

"Hazel almost chuckled at Vicki. "That sounds a nice idea... I mean the night
off; are  you proposing to show me the bright lights of this agricultural
county? Vicki laughed;  "Well I thought I might take you out for a meal while
you are here and perhaps the  theatre afterwards... there is a good rep company
here." The doctor answered Vicki's question; "But of course Vicki, How remiss of
me. I  think it would be very sweet of you girls if you were to go in there and
keep him  company. I am going to extract some more semen from him and then
measure his  testicles. He has been in quite some discomfort I imagine, but I am
sure that he is  going to be much better in a few days."

Susan looked at Gail, the mischievousness in her eyes made the head girl smile
as  Susan took her hand. "Come on Gail, let's go and cheer him up." Susan led
Gail  through the gap in the screens. Both Susan and Gail stood and stared at
the sight that  greeted them. The boy's body was raised up as if in
supplication, his bottom  supported upwards off the bed and spread open by slim
clear plastic pads. His legs  were fastened high in the air and his hands were
loosely restrained above his head on  the padded surface of the examination
couch.

He looked at the two girls as they entered and groaned. Both nurses were stood
at the  side of the bed as the girls entered the screened-off area. The dark
haired nurse smiled  at the young girls and spoke. "He seems to have recovered
alright from his little  ordeal. She looked at his penis that was now hanging
down between his legs and saw  a globule of clear liquid, which had emerged from
the tip of the urethra. The nurse  took a gauze pad from the instrument trolley
and moved between his legs, gently  lifting his penis she wiped the moist
teardrop of liquid from the opening. Susan  watched Timothy turn his away from
the girls in shame. He blushed, his cheeks  colouring immediately into a bright
red hue. Susan moved to his side and took his  burning face in her hands; "Don't
worry Timmy, the doctor says you will be feeling a  lot better in a few days.
Mummy and Hazel are going to milk you every day to make  sure that you don't
get... erm, big balls again." Gail nearly laughed out loud as Susan described
his condition so innocently. Her  amused expression was not lost on Timothy as
Gail bent right over him, her firm  breasts pressing against his chest as she
looked into his eyes. "Are you feeling better now Timothy?" He could hardly
bring himself to answer as he  looked into the beautiful faces of the two girls.
He was aware that their soft hands  were placed casually on his chest as they
looked at him with expressions of concern.  He could barely stammer an answer,
as Gail casually placed her other hand on his  lower tummy and moved it
downwards over his freshly shaven pubic area "Er...  erm... y'yessss... err
misss... " Timothy did not know what to say... his  embarrassment increasing
with every moment as the girls looked at him there hands  gently stroking over
his body. Gail looked at the nurse and spoke sweetly. Have his testicles reduced
in size much.  The test-tube the doctor had looked really full. The nurse almost
nonchalantly moved  around to stand in-between the boys widely spread legs.
"Come and have a look, you  can see that the scrotum is no longer stretched and
that they seem to be hanging  normally. They are very large for a boy of his
age, but you can see even though he is  not erect that his penis is well
developed too. Some boy's do develop early, but even  so his penis is unusually
large."

To Timothy's horror he felt the nurse lift his testicles and take hold of his
penis. He  could not help but look as the nurse spoke once more. "Take them in
the palm of your  hand, you can feel the weight of them, but you will notice if
your roll them between  your fingers that they are now able to move freely in
the scrotal sac." The nurse  casually held his penis upwards so that Gail had
completely free access to his  testicles. He groaned in anguish as Gail gently
lifted his testicles and moved the soft  balls around in her hand. He could not
believe that such a thing was happening as  Susan spoke. "Let me have a feel,
they look awfully large." She too moved to stand  between the boy's legs.
Timothy's mind was in turmoil, his embarrassment like a  wave washing over him
as he felt the nurse let go of his tingling penis and her soft  hand stoke over
the sensitive skin between his legs, feeling his testicles being gently  lowered
to hang freely between his legs.

He was in anguish as his humiliation continued. Gail spoke sweetly to her
friend. "I  will hold his penis for you so that you can lift his testicles. They
feel very soft and  delicate." Timothy sighed in utter embarrassment as Susan
took his sensitive scrotum  in her cool fingers, her touch was soft and sensuous
as she moved the soft orbs to and  fro within their sac. Worse still he felt his
penis throb as Gail delicately took it  between her finger and thumb. Not
content with holding the tumescent flesh, he felt  her slide his foreskin back
down the shaft. The cool air of the examination room was  apparent against the
unprotected flesh, accenting fully his rude exposure.

He groaned inwardly as he felt his penis becoming erect, it began to pulse and
stiffen  as he delicate fingers nonchalantly encouraged and stimulated the
sensitive skin. He  tried to pull back as her thumb casually rubbed over the
sensitive rim of the glans.  Both Gail and Susan looked at each other as they
let go of him, almost giggling as  they left him with his penis completely erect
and standing straight up between his  legs. The nurse smiled as she saw the
effect the girl's hands had had upon the young  boy. "Well girls, he obviously
doesn't seem to need a lot of encouragement does he?  You might as well help us
turn him over for the doctor, He seems to be rested  enough."

The nurses experienced hands soon had the boy released from the confines of the
apparatus and laid flat on the bed with his legs hanging over the end. "Right
young man1" the blonde haired nurse said brightly to Timothy: "Let's have  you
over on your tummy, I want you up on your hands and knees." The nurse was
perfectly aware that the boy would not be able to turn over with his penis so
stiff and  erect. So, as he groaned in embarrassment at their positioning of
him, the nurse  casually took hold of his penis and at the same time gestured to
the other nurse and  Susan and Gail to help him up onto his knees.

Their hands were everywhere, under his tummy, between his legs as they
positioned  him on the examination bed. His final humiliation was when he was
forced to rest his  head on his hand and his elbows to each side. His knees had
spread wide with his  bottom high in the air and his testicles hanging freely
between his legs. His penis was  jutting forward under his tummy with the tip
touching his stomach well above his  naval.

Both Susan and Gail were absolutely delighted with his new position. Susan
almost  instinctively ran her hand over his buttocks, marvelling at how
vulnerably the boy was  positioned.





Timothy by Jane Marwood

Part 2

Gail looked at Susan, her beautiful lips set in a wide smile that showed her
perfect  white and glistening teeth. She could not have explained her excitement
at having a  young boy so completely exposed and humiliated before her. Of
course there was the  curiosity of being able to examine a young boy so
intimately; but her enjoyment and  excitement at his humiliation was a
revelation to her. Gail was also aware that her  feelings were very much echoed
by her friend Susan - and as she quickly glanced  across at her friend, she
could see a similar sexual excitement written clearly in her  eyes.

Rather than dismiss her feelings or try to hide them, Gail was confident enough
to  explore them and felt no embarrassment at perhaps exposing her newly
acquired  desires. She spoke to Susan, her words really intended for the young
boy so  vulnerably and rudely exposed before her. "It is a good job that young
Timothy here  is being well behaved, he is in a most suitable position to have
his little bottom  smacked." Delivered with the sentence was a light tap upon
his upturned bottom, her  delicate fingers immediately stroking over the
quivering cheeks of his buttocks over  where she had smacked him. Gail looked at
his face to see the effect her words had had upon him, the deep blush to  his
cheeks immediately rewarded her. His bottom lip had begun to quiver and his eyes 
had a look of anguish as he turned his head to look over his shoulder at the
young and  beautiful head girl. It was the nurse who put a stop to his
embarrassment, at least for the time being, by  addressing both Susan and Gail.
Her voice was soft and gentle although she was  smiling at the obvious pleasure
that the girls were experiencing as they examined the  boy. "Poor Timothy is
quite embarrassed by all your attention and... I think it is  perhaps time for
the doctor to see him again. If you would like to go through and tell  her that
he is ready." She raised her eyebrows in a questioning look to which both  Gail
and Susan, rather disappointedly, obeyed.

"Bye Timothy." Susan said as she turned and walked with Gail through the gap in
the  screens to the first part of the room.

 Timothy was in turmoil; his body was shaking with pure anguish and deep-rooted 
embarrassment. It had been several years since any one had seen his body
completely  naked, apart from the communal showers after sports lessons while at
school. He had  jealously guarded his privacy and had avoided situations even
where he would have  had to take his shirt off in front of a female, unless it
was at the swimming pool or the  beach.

He looked up at the nurses as they stood beside him, their starched uniforms
touching  his body as they leaned over him to adjust his position. He blushed as
one of the  nurses smiled at him before touching the inside of his thigh and
indicating that he  should position his knees even more widely. He was acutely
aware that his penis was  erect and that it was in plain view for all to see
between his widely spread thighs. He  watched as one of them took a tube of
lubricant from the trolley and unscrewed the  cap. Subconsciously he contracted
the muscles of his sphincter, shuddering  involuntarily at the thought of her
gentle fingers invading his bottom.

Suddenly he was aware that the nurses were standing more to attention and
looking  over his body towards the other part of the room. He could not help
groan as his eyes  followed theirs to the procession of people that were walking
towards him. He was  acutely aware of his humiliating and vulnerable position as
he knelt helplessly upon  the examination table.

"Well Timothy, lets see what we can manage this time shall we. Now be a good boy 
and try and relax your bottom a bit more this time."

Timothy groaned not just at the embarrassing and intimate nature of what the
doctor  had just said but also at the fact that both Susan and Gail had followed
the doctor and  Susan's mother into the screened area. He tried to turn his head
away as both Susan  and Gail looked him in the eye, but was halted by the
doctor's next words.

"I want you to listen to what I say and follow my instructions, do you
understand me  Timothy?" He blushed immediately at the authoritative tone of the
young female  doctor as she laid a hand gently on his bottom cheeks. "Now relax
your bottom  please, there's a good boy." Her words were followed by a couple of
gentle pats on  his bottom as in horror he watched, not the doctor, but Mrs
Grant take the lubricant  from the nurse and gently place her soft hand upon his
bottom.

"Now Timmy, be a good boy and relax, I promise I won't hurt you." Vicki Grant's 
voice was soft and soothing as she gently pressed her hand between his widely
spread  buttocks and applied a cool gel to his upturned bottom. Her fingers
delicately sliding  over his delicate flesh until her fingertips rested against
the tightly closed rosebud of  his sphincter. He shuddered as deftly she
inserted the tip of her finger, watching the  young boy's flesh almost quake
with sensation as she deliberately slid her finger all  the way up into his
bottom.

Susan looked at Gail, both girls visibly excited as they watched the boy being
rudely  impaled by a slender finger. "There's a good boy." Vicki said as she
rotated her finger  until she was able to easily rub over the boy's sensitive
prostate gland. "Oooooooooooohhh... arggggggghhh." Timothy could do nothing but
groan, his face  showing the anguish and humiliation he was feeling. "Now be a
good boy for the doctor. You wouldn't want to make a fuss in front of  Susan and
Gail now would you?" Timothy looked over his shoulder in abject dismay  at Mrs
Grant, feeling her finger move sensuously over his prostate gland. He watched 
almost mesmerised with fear and trepidation as the doctor moved to his side and
sat  on a stool before reaching underneath him. Her fingers gently wrapped
around his  erect penis enveloping him in a firm grasp, as one of the nurses
lifted up a test tube  from the trolley and took a stool so that she could sit
at the other side of him.

He was acutely aware of the magnitude of his humiliation as he watched both Gail 
and Susan position themselves behind the second nurse. He was almost beside
himself  with embarrassment, as the girls looked at him, acutely aware that the
nurse had  moved closer and was gently stroking his burning cheek as if he was a
baby.

Suddenly and involuntarily, his body jerked as he felt the doctor deftly squeeze
his  penis and quickly draw the foreskin back until it was stretched tight,
exposing him  fully to the interested gaze of both Gail and Susan.

"Arrgggghhhh...ooohhhhhhhhh." He groaned as he felt the doctor let the palm of
her  other hand rub over the sensitive opening of his penis. As if on queue, a
second finger  was suddenly slipped up into his bottom; his widely parted
buttocks and the  slipperiness of the lubricant affording him no resistance Mrs
Grant's rude invasion of  his bottom.

 "Arrggghhhhhhhhhhh...argggggggggggghhhhhhhhhh."

His groans of anguish went unheeded as simultaneously Vicki and the young doctor 
stimulated the boy to fever pitch. Their hands seemed to stimulate every nerve
in his  body as together, the doctor began deftly milking his penis and Vicki
probed and  stroked her fingers gently over the soft pliant flesh of his
prostate. He watched the  nurse lean forward and gently take hold of his
scrotum, her cool fingers cupping the  sensitive swollen orbs of his testicles.
He began to writhe his hips in a reluctant and  humiliating gyration as Vicki,
in absolute synchronisation with the doctor and nurses,  relentlessly stimulated
the boy.

"Pllleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssse...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrggggggh." 
The young boy's wail of anguish signalled his approaching climax. His body
shivered  and shook as plethora of delicate female fingers stimulated him to an
anguished and  humiliating climax. He raised his head and wailed aware of the
utter humiliation of  being forced to ejaculate as the nurse nonchalantly held
the test-tube to the tip of his  thrusting penis.
"Arrrggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." He  seemed to
have lost any semblance of control over his body; such was the intensity of  his
ejaculation. Spurt after spurt of semen entered the jar as the doctor slid her
slender  fingers up and down the shaft of his penis in a practised milking
motion. Cleverly  they prolonged his climax, almost casually using their
expertise to stimulate the boy  to greater heights of anguish and ecstasy.
Easily they toyed with his emotions,  watching him in an almost detached manner
as he spurted his semen into the waiting  test-tube.

Without warning Vicki raised her hand and smacked him smartly three times across 
the left cheek of his bottom. Timothy's eyes opened wide in shock as he reared
up,  only to feel the quickening strokes of the doctor's hand over the timid
flesh of his  penis. He gasped in horrible embarrassment at the humiliation of
having his bottom  smacked, his shame complete and overwhelming.

The shock of the smack and the smarting of his flesh allied to the quickening
strokes  of the doctor's hand upon his penis acted like an electric shock. His
entire body  becoming rigid and taut, his muscles tensing and straining, as if
he were in a spasm.

The doctor smiled up at Vicki, almost amused at her unusual stimulus, as she was 
rewarded with yet another mighty spurt of semen into the proffered glass
test-tube.  The second nurse stroked her hand over the young boy's back, gently
but firmly  pushing his shoulders back down onto the examination couch.

 "There... poor baby... there now, it will all be over soon." Her words were
soft and  gentle as she stoked her hand over his naked body before bending her
head down to  his and kissing him softly on the cheek.

Both Gail and Susan moved forward to stand on either side of the nurse and began
to  gently stroke their hands over his back and shoulders. Their excitement was
almost  palpable as they felt his body shiver uncontrollably while the doctor
milked the last  drop of semen from his penis.


3

Timothy sat beside Hazel as they drove the few miles back to the house. He had
not  said a word but instead had listened to Hazel's admonishment in abject 
embarrassment and humility. "Of course I can understand that you are
embarrassed... any boy would be, but to be  so tardy and slow to obey is quite
beyond me." Hazel had thought about what she was  going to say well in advance
and had chosen her words carefully. "Now you would think when so many people are
involved in your welfare that you  would be a little more co-operative. Susan's
mother I am sure has enough work and  responsibility without her having to take
on more. She has offered to help and what do  you do... but be downright
disobedient." Hazel was referring to the end of the examination when Vicki had
suggested that she  take Timothy back to the lockers to dress. Much to his
embarrassment she had led him  through the door only to be confronted by a room
full of fourth form girls and their  parents who had just arrived for their
medical examinations. In horror the boy had let go of Vicki's hand and had
rushed back into the surgery.  Both Vicki and Hazel had forcibly held his arms
and marched him stark naked  through the crowded room. He had struggled and
pleaded in vein as the girls, who  were still fully dressed in their school
uniforms, had giggled and even pointed at the  naked and blushing youth. "Now
what am I going to do with you Timothy?" He could not help looking at Hazel  as
she concentrated on the road ahead. Her exquisite face showed no emotion and yet 
the mere nearness of such a beautiful girl unnerved him. "You had better make a
decision... either I am going to deal with you or I am going to  have to tell
your mother and let her deal with you... and I am reluctant to trouble her  in
her present state of ill health. Well young man what is it to be?" Hazel knew
the importance of the boy's decision, but was reasonably confident of  what the
outcome would be. She smiled to herself and felt a thrill run through her body
as she thought of what the  boy would have said had he known of what she had in
mind for him.

"Oh Hazel... er miss... I mean... er please don't tell my mother. I promise to
be good  I really do."

"Well what about your behaviour so far, do you not think that that needs
remedying  you will have to learn to modify your behaviour somehow."

" I am sorry... I promise I will be obedient... but please don't tell my mother,
I  couldn't bear for her to know."

"Alright Timothy, I promise not to tell your mother, if you promise me that you
will  accept my authority in her absence." Hazel was careful to make no mention
of  anything specific, or indeed the actual word 'punishment'.

"I promise miss... I will be good." Timothy managed to stammer as Hazel glanced
at  him quickly.

"In that case we will say no more about it, now cheer up and I will make you a
nice  late lunch or early tea... whichever you prefer to call it." Hazel had
deliberately  lightened her tone and proceeded to put the boy more at ease. She
had won a small  battle in getting the boy to agree to her authority and
unbeknown to him her  punishment of him. She patted him on the knee and smiled
at him as she drove  steadily down the country road. "Now you can be the
navigator and tell me in plenty  of time when I should turn right or left." She
watched the boy relax as they continued  the journey, Making sure that he had no
inkling as to what was to follow.

The journey went without further incident, Timothy relaxing and feeling far more
at  ease as they finally pulled into the driveway of the house.



Timothy had eaten his tea and was watching daytime television as Hazel finally 
finished her hour-long phone call to her mother. She had decided to use the
bedside  phone in the guestroom so that her conversation would be well out of
earshot of the  boy. During the conversation she had leisurely painted her long
fingernails bright red.  She held out her hand to admire them as she walked to
her wardrobe. Feeling relaxed  and yet excited at the prospect of what was to
come she changed into a white shirt,  which was tightly waisted, accenting her
full firm breasts. She wore no brassiere,  rather choosing to let her nipples
rub sensuously against the fine cotton fabric. Her  skirt was a fine cotton navy
pleat, the hem of which came to mid-thigh, showing off  her beautifully firm and
tanned legs. She completed her ensemble with a wide patent  leather belt, which
she knew would draw even more attention to her slender waist and  full breasts.
She now carefully applied new make-up to her face before examining  herself in
the mirror. Bereft of false modesty she knew the effect her exquisite 
appearance would have on the young boy. She stepped into a pair of Gucci high-
heeled shoes and fastened the slender straps around her ankles. One last look in
the  mirror confirmed the effect she had been hoping for. From her shiny black
hair to the  glint of the patent leather shoes, she was dressed to perfection.
She stooped down and  unhooked a leather belt from one of her suitcases and
placed the broad safety-strap  upon her bed. She twirled once more in front of
the mirror, revelling in the sight that  greeted her. Standing still she held
her face in a stern expression before turning and  walking slowly and
deliberately through to the sitting room. "Right Timothy, I have just talked to
my... your auntie and she says that your mother  is doing fine and feeling a lot
better for a little care and attention. Now turn off that  television and we
will have a little chat."

Timothy had been lounging upon the settee and had turned his head almost lazily 
towards the sound of Hazel's voice. He was wearing his school uniform, but had 
changed his shoes to a pair of comfortable tennis shoes. The thought of getting 
undressed again had been quickly dismissed from his mind.

As he saw her, he sat bolt upright, his face immediately colouring to the shade
of a  beetroot, her beauty and cool demeanour immediately denuding him of any
semblance  of self-confidence. He jumped up as if he had been stung and quickly
switched off the  television set. He felt strangely faint as he sat down, this
time in an upright position  with his hands placed primly upon the knees of his
school trousers. Hazel moved to  stand before him, her legs astride as she
looked at his blushing face.

"Right Timothy my boy, I have reluctantly done as you requested and withheld the 
knowledge of your behaviour from your mother. However you must be dealt with and 
I intend, as your temporary guardian, to take you firmly in hand." She watched
his  face turn from a deep crimson to an almost livid purple as each word
deepened his  utter embarrassment and total humiliation. She gave him one more
cool appraising look before moving through the room and  taking a hard backed
chair from beside the table where he would normally have been  doing his
homework at this time of day. She placed the chair in the middle of the room and
sat upon it, her skirt falling around  her legs to reveal even more bared thigh.
She sat with her knees together, totally  aware of her own beauty and the
electrifying effect she was having upon the young  boy's emotions. "Right,
Timothy, come and stand in front of me. Stand up straight with your hands by 
your sides." She waited, coolly watching as the young boy struggled to his feet
and  shuffled shamefaced and embarrassed to stand in front of her. "Stand to
attention and look at me while I am speaking to you. This is a serious matter 
and I want your full attention." Timothy was quaking in his shoes as he managed
to meet her gaze, standing straight  with his arms by his sides he felt himself
begin to shiver. Hazel could not have been more pleased with the effect she was
having upon the  young boy as she delivered her coup de grace.

"I am afraid that it has been left to me to instil in you some proper discipline
and good  behaviour. To make sure that I have your co-operation and compliance
in the future I  am going to punish you." She felt a thrill run through her body
as the young boy  almost wilted under the word punishment. I am going to punish
you, as all young  boys need to be punished. I don't want to do it... but it is
my duty to correct your  behaviour before it gets out of hand. Now I hope you
are going to take your  punishment with good grace and without fuss. If you
disobey me in any way  whatsoever, I shall increase your punishment... do you
understand me?"

Timothy was almost mesmerised by the combination of her beauty and her
authority.  He could not believe that he could feel so humiliated and
embarrassed... to be  punished by a young girl of such beauty... it was
unthinkable...and yet here he was  standing trembling and ashamed in front of
her! He shook visibly as she spoke to him  again. Timothy looked at her in
absolute horror as she waited for his answer. This beautiful  girl that he had
met only yesterday, the girl he would have loved to have had been  able to
impress with his maturity and helpfulness, was now to punish him!

'Surely she did not mean to punish him physically...his whole body shuddered at
the  thought!'

He managed to stammer a reply... almost incoherently through his haze of 
embarrassment. "Y'y... yes miss."


"Now take off your Jacket and trousers, you had better take off your shoes and
socks  first. Place your clothes over the chair by the table and then come back
here and stand  in front of me again... oh and Timothy..." She paused, savouring
the moment. "Bring  me one of your tennis shoes."

'So she was to punish him physically'

Before he could protest she held up her hand. "If you protest or plead with me,
I will  call your mother and tell her of your behaviour and that I am about to
punish you. If  you resist physically I will call Mrs. Grant and Susan and ask
them to help me restrain  you... and I don't think you would like the
embarrassment of being spanked on your  bare bottom in front of them... do you?
Now off you go and do as you have been  instructed. You may keep your shirt and
underpants on"

Timothy, blushing and trembling with abject embarrassment moved over to the
table.  His trembling fingers just managing to undo his shoe laces. He shivered
with  humiliation, aware of Hazel's stern glare as he divested himself of his
clothes until he  was standing in just his shirt and underpants. He felt utterly
ridiculous as he bent  down to pick up one of his tennis shoes. 'The ignominy of
having to carry ones own  implement of punishment!' His shirt, which had long
flaps at the front and back, thankfully hid his underpants  from view. He
returned to stand in front of her, his eyes downcast and his bottom lip 
quivering with embarrassment. Slowly he raised his eyes to look at her, feeling
utterly  foolish and small as she raised her beautifully manicured hand and took
the tennis  shoe from his trembling fingers. Placing it on the floor by the side
of her chair, she  reached forward and placed her hands on each of his hips and
pulled him forward  until he was standing with his knees touching hers. Without
a word, she reached under his shirt, her soft hands making him shiver as she 
touched his bare flesh. She slipped her fingers into the top of his underpants
and  deftly drew them down until the elasticised waistband was tight around his
knees.  Hazel knew that he would find this even more embarrassing than her
having taken  them off completely. He could not help watching, almost mesmerised
as she pulled  her skirt up until her thighs were completely bare.

"As you will have gathered, I am going to spank your bare bottom, I hope that it
will  be a lesson well learned. This will be the first part of your punishment
only, the  second will be more of a taste of what is to come if you disobey me
further."

Timothy shuddered with embarrassment and trepidation as she looked into his 
blushing face. She took hold of his hips once more and positioned him to her
side, his  feet shuffling to follow her bidding. Quickly, with an almost
practised motion she  lifted up the front flap of his shirt and suddenly tipped
his body over her knee. She  heard him gasp, as in an instance; he was
positioned with his head hanging down and  his hands touching the floor, the
right cheek of his blushing face now touching the  smooth skin of her shapely
calf. He gasped once more as she opened her knees slightly, allowing his penis
and  testicles to hang between the firm silky flesh of her thighs. She felt a
thrill run through  her body as deliberately, she squeezed her knees together,
holding his genitals firmly  between her legs. The baring of his bottom was done
in a silent and almost ritualistic manner. He was  aware of every nuance of the
humiliating action, as slowly and deliberately she raised  his shirt flap. Her
soft fingers gently uncovered the naked cheeks of his bottom,  eliciting an
involuntary gasp of embarrassment from her victim as she folded the flap  over
so that it lay on the small of his back. The placing of the cool palm of her
hand over the very centre of his quivering bottom  completed his total
humiliation. The softness of her thighs was already adding another  element to
the unthinkable humiliation that Timothy was being subjected to. To his  horror
he felt a throb and an unwelcome swelling in his penis. It was to his utter 
chagrin that he realised that his penis was beginning to erect. He blushed
unable to  control himself or his actions; he spoke even though he had been
warned not to. He  just could not help pleading, if only to break the spell of
the silent baring of his body  and to cover up the now incessant throbbing he
felt in his groin.

"Please er.. miss... please n'no"

Hazel knew the trauma the boy must be feeling and prolonged his degradation by 
smoothing her hand gently over his bottom cheeks, the objects of her intended 
chastisement. She thrilled as she felt his penis stiffen and throb
uncontrollably  between her thighs. She had known that it would not be long
before the softness of  her skin against his freshly shaven flesh and the
intimacy of his position would  stimulate him to a delicious erection between
her legs.

"Now take your punishment like a brave boy." Her words were spoken softly as she 
picked up the tennis shoe and with an apparent cool detachment raised the soft
rubber  sole to shoulder height. She grasped his waist and held him tightly as
she delivered  the first stroke.

"Slaaaaaaaaaaaaapppppp." As the rubber shoe bit into the soft left cheek of his
bottom  his body stiffened in an immediate response and a loud gasp was emitted
forcibly  from the back of his throat. He had no time to think or deal with the
unexpected  severity of the painful smack against his flesh as a second stroke
landed on top of the  already marked flesh. "Slaaaaaaaaaappppppppppppp."
"Argggggggghhhhhhhhhhh" He cried out loudly, his body wriggling and shivering as 
Hazel took aim once more, deliberately hitting the same part of his left buttock
with  the third stroke. She watched as the white smooth bottom cheeks shivered
and shook  with the pain she was inflicting upon her helpless charge.
Slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaappppppppp." "Argggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Arrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhh."

He screamed in pain, trying to raise his head and plead with his beautiful
tormentor as  she watched him, her face not betraying the thrill she felt as she
delivered the next  stroke equally hard and on the very same place.
"Sllllaaaaaaaaaaappppppppppppppp."
"Arrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.  His wail
of pain and anguish did not stop, but was a continuous cry as she delivered  the
fifth and sixth stroke, again to the very same spot upon his left buttock. 
"Slaaaaaaaaaaaaaapppppppppppp." "Slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaapppppppppppp."

The boy was beside himself... unable to control the jerking and trembling of his
body,  his buttocks twitching from side to side while Hazel deliberately and
methodically  delivered another six strokes of the rubber tennis shoe, this time
to the right cheek of  his bottom, each stroke landing on the same place as the
previous one. The boy was  wailing incessantly, his face covered in tears as she
put the tennis shoe down and  placed her hand gently across both bottom cheeks.

He shuddered and wailed, trying to voice a plea of mercy but it was minutes
before  his voice became coherent enough for her to hear his pleading.

"Pleeeeeeeaaaaaasssssee miss... n'no m'more" He sobbed and groaned as he
regained  some of his senses, his bottom cheeks on fire from the pain of the
biting rubber shoe.   Hazel watched and waited until he had regained some
composure. She slipped her  hand between his buttocks, her hand feeling his
erect penis and heavy testicles, before  she held her hand flat against his
tummy and almost lifted him to his feet as she  herself stood upright.

He sobbed uncontrollably as she nonchalantly unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it
from  his shoulders, before stooping and drawing his underpants down to his
ankles and  taking them off. She noted that, even after such a painful
punishment, that his penis  had remained not just stiff, but fully erect.

He looked into her face, his body shaking with his sobs as she coolly looked at
him,  her beautiful face bearing not even a hint of a flush, in fact betraying
none of the  effort she had afforded in his chastisement. He tried to clasp his
hands to his genitals  to hide his shameful erection. Hazel was aware of what he
was trying to do and  slapped his hands before he could fully cover himself.

"Hands at your sides and stand up straight." She placed her delicate fingers
under his  chin and lifted his head so that his eyes met hers. "You have three
strokes to come  young man. These are to show you what your pain will be like
should you ever dare to  disobey me again." She watched his face crumple as he
started to cry once more, the  tears rolling down his cheeks. "Turn around and
spread your legs as wide as they will go, come along now we have  a busy evening
ahead of us." Timothy shook and sobbed as he turned around and placed his feet
as wide apart as he  could, acutely aware of the humiliating view that Hazel
would have of his young  body.

He gasped with shame as she spoke once more. "Bend over and grasp your ankles... 
each time you move from that position I will add one more stroke. Now Do It!"

The sharpness of her last three words jolted him into action. She watched
delighted  with the sight that greeted her as he bent over, his buttocks
spreading and his testicles  and penis coming into full view as he grasped his
ankles.

"Stay there and don't you dare move." Her voice was firm as she turned and
quickly  walked to the guest room, admiring herself in the mirror as she reached
onto the bed  for the luggage strap and doubled it, letting the long loop dangle
as she walked back  into the sitting room. Timothy could not believe the
humiliation he felt, bent over in the most demeaning  position imaginable...
like an errant schoolboy, stark naked and ashamed... awaiting  the salutary
punishment of a beautiful headmistress. Hazel walked around the trembling youth,
admiring his perfect form at her leisure, his  body bared before her in
subjugation, every part of him open and available for her to  examine and touch
as she wished.

She moved behind him, resisting the impulse to reach between his widely spread
legs  and grasp his testicles firmly... perhaps the ultimate gesture of her
supremacy over  him. Instead she stood back and spoke to him firmly but not
unkindly.

"These three strokes are to demonstrate what will happen next time you displease
me.  Move from that position and you will be a very sorry boy."

Leisurely and with a delicious tingling between her thighs, Hazel raised the
strap and  quickly brought it down over the centre of his quivering and
acquiescent buttocks.

"Slaaaaaaaaapppppppppppppppppp." The staccato sound of the strap biting into his 
flesh was accompanied by a howl of pain from his trembling lips. His body shook
as  he fought to hold his ankles rather than to give in to the overwhelming
desire to stand  and clasp his hands to his burning bottom.

"Two more to go. Hold on and take your punishment now." The warning tone of her 
voice was accompanied by the long, almost slow motion, swishing sound of the
strap  descending. The leather bit into his buttocks, its imprint of searing
pain, this time  delineating another red stripe of inflamed flesh lower down on
the crease between  buttock and thigh. "Slaaaaaaaaaaaaappppppppppppp."
"Arrrrrrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" A  wail of pain and anguish escaped
from his lips as he fought to hold onto his ankles,  his distress causing his
whole body to shiver and shake as the fiery torment of acute  concentrated pain
coursed through his body.

Hazel knew that he would not be able to retain control after the next stroke,
but she  also knew that her purpose had been fulfilled. He was hers... his
obedience at taking  his punishment... his timid emotion so apparent at her
delicate touch or severe look  were evidence enough. She raised the strap and
brought it down between the scarlet  stripes of her first two strokes.
"Sllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaappppppppppppppppppp." She thrilled at the effect of the
stroke as he straightened up. It was if a red-hot poker  and been pushed up into
his bottom. He behaved, as she had unconsciously thought he  would, his hands
clasping his buttocks and his back arching towards her. His body  became rigid
for a moment of pure anguish before he raised his head and opened his  mouth.
The frozen moment in time gave way to a serious of jerks and gyrations as the 
pain infused into every nerve of his body, the silence was broken by a
strangulated cry  which increased in volume to a crescendo as he suddenly wailed
in utter despair. 
"Arrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhh...  
arrrrggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" His mouth, now wide
open, continued to emit the most plaintive of wails as he  hopped around vainly
trying to rid himself of the biting pain. He continued to cry out as every
vestige of self-respect washed away in a wave of  utter torment.

He seemed unaware that his penis was bouncing wildly from side to side as he
fought  to control the searing stripe of biting torture that now seemed to have
spread from his  buttocks to his whole body. Hazel watched, her delight well
hidden as gradually he brought himself under control.  She moved across to him
and took hold of his wrists and pulled his hands from his  bottom. She could
feel his body trembling as she held his arms out behind him and  propelled him
to face the corner of the room. "You are to stand here and you are not to move
or touch your bottom. Now put your  hands on your head." She lifted his arms and
placed his hands on his head. She  stroked her hands down his back and over his
buttocks, feeling the boy flinch as her  fingers traced the welts left by the
belt. "Stand with your legs apart... come along, I  want your utmost obedience."
She slipped a hand between the cheeks of his bottom  and moved it downwards,
tapping the inside of his thighs until he had parted his legs  sufficiently for
her purpose. Hazel stood back and admired the sight before her. The  perfect
naked form of a young boy, quivering and blushing in shame and humiliation,  his
buttocks clenched in pain... pain that she had inflicted at her whim and
pleasure. "You must stand like that until I tell you otherwise, you may use the
time to reflect on  your punishment and a suitable apology which you may give me
when I return."

Timothy stood shaking, his bottom was on fire and yet he could feel his penis 
throbbing mightily as Hazel once more stroked her fingers gently over his bottom 
before turning away and leaving the room.

He felt utterly shamed as he stood shivering, legs apart and his hands pressed
tightly  to his head thinking about the events of the day. He blushed as he
relived each  humiliating and embarrassing moment. He could not help the tears
that rolled down  his cheeks, or the trembling of his lips as he thought about
every detail of his ordeal,  unable to shut out the plethora of images that were
being replayed over and over in his  mind.



It was half an hour later when Hazel approached the boy. She noted that the
redness  of his buttocks had receded to a mere blush, although the three marks
that she had  made with the strap were still clearly visible. She stood behind
him and without  speaking took his wrist, making him lower his hands from his
head. Still holding his  wrist she led him away from the corner and upstairs to
the bathroom. She noted that  his face was already blushing as she stood him by
the bath, which she had previously  filled with water. "Get into the bath and
remain standing. I want you facing me with your hands on your  head and your
legs apart. I have not put the strap away and I will use it on your bare  little
bottom if I think you are not paying attention to my instructions. Now do as I
tell  you." Hazel watched as the boy timidly took hold of the side of the bath
and stepped  into it. Blushing profusely he turned to face her, his face bore an
expression of utter  dismay as Hazel dipped her hands in the water and began to
rub the soap in her hands. "Now lets have no fussing." She said as she began to
soap his legs, her gentle fingers  and soft palms caressing his skin as she
worked her way up to his thighs. She ignored  his genitals and instead soaped
his chest before moving her hands down to his tummy.

She felt him quiver and flinch as her hands moved lower, soaping the delicate
and  sensitive flesh just above his penis. For Timothy the sensation was acute
as her  fingers moved almost sensuously over the smoothly shaven flesh above his
penis. He  trembled, a shudder running through his whole body as suddenly her
fingers encircled  his penis and pulled his foreskin back revealing the
sensitive flesh beneath. He could  not help jerking his hips backwards as she
soaped behind the foreskin. He could feel  his penis becoming even stiffer as
she applied more soapsuds to his sensitive member. "Keep still, I am going to
make sure you are thoroughly clean before I take you over  to Mrs. Grant's."

He could not help looking at her face as she pushed his foreskin back as far it
would  stretch and held it there while she applied even more soapsuds to the
head of his  penis. He jerked involuntarily as she deftly handled him as if he
were some prized  animal. Seemingly she seemed to ignore the embarrassment and
intimacy of the  situation. His penis was throbbing with sensation, the flesh
totally hard and engorged  as she moved it this way and that, apparently
oblivious of his acute humiliation and  throbbing erection. She moved one hand
from his penis and reached between his legs,  her hand sliding upwards between
his buttocks. He could not help jerking his body  and gasping as a slender
finger was suddenly pressed against the tightened muscle of  his sphincter.
Without preamble she teased the orifice, probing gently but insistently  until
her fingertip was able to slip upwards into him.  "Argghhh." He gasped as she
nonchalantly slipped her finger further upward into his  anus, the soap acting
as a lubricant, denying the tightening muscle of his sphincter any  resistance.
"Now keep still, I shall not hesitate to take you over my knee if you are  going
to be naughty again." He looked into her face, his own cheeks burning with  pure
embarrassment as she coolly appraised him. To be standing in front of her, legs 
outstretched, with her hands firmly holding his penis and penetrating his bottom
was  almost too much embarrassment for Timothy to bear. He felt his cheeks blush
again,  burning with shame, as she looked him in the eye. "Now young man, you
will have to get used to doing as you are told while I am  looking after you. I
am going to insist that you are properly bathed before you have  your therapy; I
have never known a boy make so much fuss at taking a bath. Now just  stand still
while I soap inside your little bottom and then I will dry you off."

Timothy endured the rest of the humiliating bath in silence. Her beauty
completely  overawed him as she made him look into her face while instructing
him. She handled  him like one would a small child, ignoring his obvious
erection, as if it were merely to  be expected. Her fingers were everywhere as
she dried him, prising open the cheeks  of his buttocks and then making him bend
forward so that she could visually examine  him, before having him stand up
straight before her with his hands stretched high  above his head as she dried
under his arms.

The final ignominy was almost too much for Timothy to bear as she took him
through  to the bedroom and instructed him to lie on the bed.

"Now I want you to lay on your back with your legs open like this." She moved
his  legs until his knees were wide apart. "That's the way, stretch them wider
so you can  put the soles of your feet together." Her gentle touch helped him
position himself to  her satisfaction. Timothy tried to turn his head away in
shame as he lay looking down  at himself with his knees widely spread and the
soles of his feet pressed together. His  shame knew no bounds as he looked at
his erect penis standing upwards from between  his widely parted thighs. He
could not help looking at the beautiful girl as she bent  over him as if he were
a baby. He watched her every move as she took a plastic  container of talcum
powder and sprinkled it over his genitals. He shivered as she  casually rubbed
it around his penis and over his testicles. Finally, to his horror, she  lifted
his legs, bending his body backwards, and sprinkled more powder over his 
bottom, before rubbing it in, her hand moving almost sensuously over the cheeks
of  his buttocks.

Timothy was wide eyed with surprise and embarrassment as she continued to treat 
him as if her were a baby. "Now you stay there, while I find something loose to
dress  you in before I take you over to Mrs. Grant. She leaned forward, her
beautiful face  touching his as she kissed him gently on the cheek. Timothy
could not believe the  rapture he felt as her soft lips touched his face, he was
totally under her spell as she  straightened up and stood back examining his
naked body.

It was around ten minutes later that Hazel re-entered the bedroom. She was
delighted  to see that not only had Timothy stayed in the position she had left
him in: legs spread  well apart and his hands down by his sides, but that rather
than trying to cover  himself, he turned his head away in embarrassment and
blushed a deep beetroot red.  She laid the tee-shirt and gym shorts, she had
found in his chest of drawers, neatly  down on the chair beside the bed. She
spoke softly and lovingly to him as she laid a  hand softly on his forehead and
gently turned his head back towards her. He blushed  again as his eyes met hers;
she could clearly see a look of love and supplication as she  laid her other
hand on his tummy. She could feel his naked body tremble as she  stroked her
hand delicately over his tummy, her slender fingers brushing over his  smoothly
shaven pubis. She lowered her head and whispered to him. "Your  punishment
period is over now so stand up a moment and let me sit down," She  helped him to
sit upright and then to stand by the bed. Sitting down with her pretty  knees
pressed together, she took the boy by the waist. Her delicate fingers played 
havoc with his emotions as she guided him so that he was sitting on her knees.
His  bared flesh was soft against her firm thighs, as she positioned him
sideways across her  shapely legs, his knees spread well apart. She pulled his
head to her firm pliant breasts  before deliberately and slowly stroking her
hand down over his chest tracing her  fingers lower and lower over his tummy,
before delicately taking the soft flesh of his  penis between her finger and
thumb. She heard him gasp as she tightened the hand  that was around his waist
and at the same time moved her fingers around his penis so  that his foreskin
was pulled back, revealing the intimate flesh beneath. She moved her  head and
kissed him tenderly on the cheek before whispering softly to him. "Poor... poor
Timothy! Did I hurt you very much when I had to smack your bare  bottom? You
were a naughty boy... and naughty boys have to have their little bottoms 
chastised when they have been silly and disobedient."

Her soft voice and gentle touch were too much for Timothy. He felt tears well up
in  his eyes... and to his horror, his penis began to throb, pulsing strongly
between her  finger and thumb. Hazel continued to stroke the turgid flesh of his
penis, her slender  finger and thumb delicately and sensuously arousing the
captive flesh. So subtle and  effective was her touch that she felt the boy
shudder as his penis began to throb  uncontrollably. Timothy could not help
himself from looking down at the slender  fingers holding his most intimate
part. Her red painted nails contrasted starkly against  the virgin white flesh
of his penis. He could feel the firm mounds of her breasts  beneath the
silkiness of her blouse as his cheek pressed against her. He sighed, his  mouth
open in rapture as she aroused him.




Part 3



Mrs Grant smiled at her daughter and her friend Gail as they diligently busied
themselves putting the final touches to the room. The spare room, it's white
walls newly painted, had stood empty and unneeded for several years, until she
had had it painted just a few weeks ago. Vicki looked at the examination couch,
admiring the fit of the new white covers that the girls had sewn. The chromium
plated metal of the old stirrups that had been retrieved from the cellar
storage, now gleamed from diligent polishing and sported new covers to the
padded rests for thighs, feet and ankles. Shelves around the walls had been
filled with test tubes from the clinic as well as fleet enema bags. A pile of
new towels had been placed next to bottles of lotion and lubricants. Vicki
laughed at Gail as she held the rectal speculum in front of her and chased Susan
around the room, snapping the jaws of the shiny instrument as if it were going
to bite her friend.

"O.K. girls, I think that will do. I never thought we could have transformed
this room in so short a time. Perhaps your efforts were not entirely altruistic,
it is not every sixteen year old girl, that has had the opportunity to examine a
naked boy so intimately... would the thought of helping the nurse and myself
have anything to do with your enthusiasm?"

Susan looked at her mother, her face serious for a moment. "He is such a good
looking boy, his body is... well, er... perfect really. I just love touching him
and seeing him blush so modestly. But it is well... erm... an opportunity to
learn about boys and..." She thought for a moment. "Being in charge seems sort
of natural to me... and I know Gail feels the same way. I just, I don't know
why... like being in charge of a boy." She finished her sentence lamely, but was
immediately put at her ease by her mother.

"Most girls would be the subjugated ones... er in a relationship. I am glad you
feel like you do... I think Timothy is, how shall I put it, naturally
submissive... not a wimp." She smiled at the use of the word. "I think he could
be moulded to be... er. well... in the future... a wonderful and attentive
husband to the right sort of female. One that is stronger willed and yet loving
towards him."

Vicki smiled. "I probably haven't explained that very well." Vicki's look of
surprise was written all over her face as Gail spoke.

"I have to ask you this even though you may think badly of me. I felt really
excited when Timmy was being spanked by Hazel... in fact I wished that he was me
that was spanking him... Is that really wrong?"

Vicki looked at Gail and smiled. "No Gail you are perhaps one of those people
that enjoy the experience of spanking someone. It is not to do them particular
harm but has more sexual connotations. I assure you that it is widely practised
amongst men and women." Vicki smiled at Gail as she continued. "You are perhaps
more strong willed than most and are naturally more dominant, but I know that
you are kind and gentle too. So you have nothing to worry about."

Gail looked at Susan's mother and laughed.

"I will probably marry Timothy when he is old enough! I will make sure that he
is always sexually active and will punish him when he is naughty... even when he
is older... oh and I will let my girlfriends do the same." She smiled at Susan.
"He needs someone to look after him... and I think I will be the one. Not that I
am going to let him know just yet!"

Susan opened her mouth in wide surprise and then laughed uncontrollably.
"Gail... you dark horse. I believe you... I really believe that you will." She
continued laughing, her pretty face in wreathes of smiles as she thought about
what her friend had said.

Vicki was more reflective, she already knew that Gail never said anything
lightly, she also knew that such a determined girl would, if she did not change
her mind, carry it through.



Susan looked at Gail and said seriously. "I always thought that I would marry
Timothy, so if you are intent on doing it... you will have to share him." Gail
and Vicki laughed, but they both knew that she meant what she said. Vicki
suddenly looked reflective and spoke softly and seriously. "In that case I think
Timothy is a very lucky boy."



2





Hazel let go of Timothy's penis and kissed him once more on the cheek. "Now
stand up and I will dress you. I know you are going to behave yourself and do
what I say without hesitation, aren't you Timothy? So up you get and stand with
your arms above your head so I can slip this shirt over your head." Timothy felt
his face blush a deep beetroot red as he caught her eye. Her beautiful face only
added to his embarrassment as she stood up and took the tee-shirt and slipped it
over his raised arms and down over his head. The shirt slid down over his chest
and tummy but was held up at the front by his penis, which was standing out
stiffly. Hazel smiled as she took a firm hold of the turgid flesh and slipped
the shirt over it. The soft material covered his slim body right down to mid
thigh and apart from the telltale bulge of his erection it would not be possible
for the casual observer to tell whether he was wearing shorts or not.



Hazel stood back and looked at him. "I think we will leave your shorts off
Timothy, you are well covered and when your penis subsides you will be quite
adequately dressed to walk across to Vickie's house.... I mean Mrs Grants."

Timothy blushed and stammered as he looked up at Hazel. "er please Miss Hazel...
er..erm can't I wear my shorts?" Hazel looked at him, her face becoming stern.
"Now Timothy, remember what you have just been through..." She leaned forward
and raised the hem of his shirt, sliding it up over the cheeks of his bottom.
Timothy could not help but squirm with embarrassment and humiliation as she
bared his flesh. Quickly she slapped him three times... smack... smack... smack.
The palm of her hand leaving his flesh freshly reddened over the three stripes
already marking his flesh. He gasped and squirmed as she held him firmly by the
waist. His shirt had ridden up revealing his penis, which was still erect. Hazel
took a firm hold of the engorged flesh and squeezed it, holding him firmly as
she turned him towards her. "You forget your lessons quickly, you naughty boy. I
shall not tolerate any more disobedience, do you hear me?" He looked up at her
beautiful face, his lips trembling and his face blushing profusely as he
stammered his apology. "I am so sorry miss. Please... I will not disobey you
again... er..I... promise." He felt absolutely humiliated, so much so that his
body shivered as he stood before her. Her firm hold on his penis and her stern
look accentuating his extreme embarrassment and feeling of foolishness as he
stood before her.



Hazel could not help the sudden thrill of excitement that ran through her body
as she looked at the perfectly formed body of the young boy held captive in
front of her. His complete subjugation to her will had thrilled her more than
she ever thought possible. She looked at him intently, noting that even though
his face was blushing profusely, his penis was still hard and throbbing between
her fingers. She let go of him and pulled his shirt down over his throbbing
member. "Now come along downstairs and we will walk over to Mrs Grants." Without
looking at him further she turned and left the room.



Timothy endured the humiliating walk over to his neighbour's house. He was
trembling not just from the freshness of the cooler evening air, but also from
his embarrassment at being naked apart from the thin tee shirt. Although the
shirt covered him to his thighs, the thin material only seemed to accent his
nakedness. Hazel held his hand and almost propelled him along the narrow path,
his tennis shoes, which were the only other items of clothing that he had been
allowed, slapped against the paving slabs as they hurried to Mrs Grant's
cottage. Hazel was well aware the embarrassment the boy must be feeling, rather
than put him at his ease, she flipped up the back of his tee shirt as they stood
facing the front door of the cottage. She lightly tapped his bared flesh with
the palm of her hand. "Right you know what will happen should you disobey me,
don't you Timothy my boy? He could not help himself from looking round to see if
anyone was watching, acutely aware of the cool evening air upon his buttocks. In
consequence he received a sharp slap upon his naked bottom. "Stand still and
look at me young man, I will have no more of this." He blushed profusely as he
looked up at her, his lips trembling from the shame he felt. Hazel looked him
straight in the eye, her beautiful features stern and foreboding as she spoke.
"If you dare to defy me, I will strip you bare and put you across my knee in
front of everyone and let them watch me smack you until you are crying like a
baby. Do you understand me? Timothy looked at her, his face turning an even
brighter red. Through trembling lips he spoke, his voice soft and tremulous.
"Yes Miss Hazel, I w'won't disobey you any more. Hazel held his gaze for a
moment, enjoying the boy's acute embarrassment. At last she reached behind him
and pulled his shirt down to cover his naked bottom. "Right young man... I will
take your word, but you know your fate should you relapse into childish
behaviour."



 She stood straight and knocked on the door, smiling as she saw Vickie approach
on the other side of the glass pane. "Come along in, I have some coffee on the
stove and the girls have made me open a bottle of wine to welcome you, so
perhaps you would prefer that." Mrs Grant smiled at Hazel as she ushered her in
and then turned her attention to Timothy, who was looking down at his feet in
utter humiliation. "Come along in young man, the girls are in the sitting room,
why don't you go and join them, while I introduce Hazel to the nurse. Just put
your shoes here by the door." Timothy blushed as Mrs Grant mentioned the girls,
rather than just Susan. He knew that it must be Gail that was with her... and
the thought of being almost naked in front of both of them sent shivers down his
spine.

  Rather than wait for Timothy to reply, Mrs Grant ushered the boy to the
sitting room door and bade him enter. She then turned to Hazel leading her down
the small corridor to the kitchen. "Penny is the daughter of one of my friends
at the clinic. She is only seventeen, so she has only been nursing for a year...
mind you she showed no hesitation when I told her what was to be done." Both
Vickie and Hazel laughed as they entered the kitchen. Penny was standing by the
stove as they entered. Hazel immediately noticed how pretty and petite the girl
was. Her uniform was a crisp white tunic, which did little to conceal the jut of
her firm breasts or the narrowness of her waist. Her legs were bare below the
short tunic. As she moved towards them, Hazel could see that her legs were
slender and perfectly shaped; the smooth flesh betraying an athletic and healthy
glow aided by a light suntan.



"This is Penny." Vickie put her hand around Hazel's waist and moved her forward
as she spoke. "Hello Hazel" Penny smiled, displaying perfect teeth behind her
pretty lips as she moved forward and took Hazel's hand in a firm grip. Hazel
smiled back at the pretty young girl and spoke softly. "Hello Penny I am pleased
to meet you." The girls smiled at each other as Vickie handed them a glass of
wine each. "I think we will leave Timothy for a while so that I can show you how
busy the girls and I have been this afternoon, so if you would both like to
follow me." Vickie was laughing as she led the girls along the corridor into the
new examination room. Both Hazel and Vickie were pleasantly surprised at how
professional and imposing the room was. Hazel began to explore the mechanics of
the stirrups while Penny looked around the glass shelves noting the abundance of
instruments as well as the jars and bottles. "Hazel looked at Vickie, the
obvious surprise at the professionalism of the room showing on her face. "I had
no idea that you were so well equipped, in fact I thought you had retired from
nursing practice." Vickie laughed. "No I still run the district nursing group,
but we fetched this up from the cellar this afternoon... and although the
shelves and the lighting were fixed back into place after I had had it
decorated, the girls and I have managed to get all the rest ready after we got
back from the clinic. I didn't really expect to have it finished so quickly, or
that it would look as professional as it does. Vickie laid her hand on one of
the stirrups. "I cleaned the leather up and polished the chrome, while Susan and
Gail made the new covers from linen sheets. I think that it looks really well,
even though I say it myself." The girls laughed as Vickie held up her glass.
"Here's to our new examination room." They toasted their glasses before Vickie
led them back into the kitchen.



Hazel had observed the young nurse as they had looked at the new examination
room. On the surface she appeared to be a conscientious and capable girl, but
Hazel had a feeling that there was more to her. She decided to try and elicit a
little more information.

"Are you on a rota for home visits; forgive me for asking but I wondered how
these things work." Penny looked at Hazel, immediately realising the line of
questioning. "No we don't have a rota as such, but Dr. Ashcroft asked me if I
would assist her with Timothy... she thought I would be erm... more suitable."
Hazel smiled. "Did she indeed. Do you have an experience of handling young
boys?" Penny smiled, her expression near to laughter as she looked at Hazel. "No
I have had only a little experience but I think she felt that perhaps I had the
right attitude."

Hazel smiled back at the girl. She knew that from what she had seen of the
pretty Dr. Lucy Ashcroft, that she would certainly have been selective in her
choice of nurse, for such a delicate therapy.

Penny looked at Hazel and decided to be a little more forthcoming. "I would like
to know what has happened to him so far... and as you have charge of him,
perhaps you would give me a rundown."



The girls talked together, Hazel gave Penny a complete history of the day's
events and also her opinions about attitude towards Timothy. Penny listened
avidly, she was intrigued by the boy's punishment and what both Hazel and Vickie
thought was the best way to handle him for the future.

Hazel explained every detail of her own handling of her young charge, explaining
the rather embarrassing positions she had made the boy adopt, as well as her
verbal and psychological management of him. It was Vickie who told her of Gail's
long term plans for the boy. Penny smiled at Vickie as she spoke. "I think Gail
must be a very determined young woman already even if she is rather young. Do
you think she will change her mind on the subject?"

Penny was surprised at the confidence of Vickie's reply. "I would bet that Gail
will do exactly what she has said. I have never known a girl more in touch with
her own feelings, or as determined. Of course she has the added advantage of
being the only daughter of a very rich family. Their wealth must run into
millions and yet she has her feet planted firmly on the ground."









Timothy could not help blushing as he entered the sitting room. He felt horribly
aware of his nakedness beneath the thin tee shirt. The girls were sitting on a
large comfy looking settee while they watched the television set, both girls
were wearing the crisp white shirts and short navy pleated skirts of their
school uniforms. Their skirts had ridden up as they sat on the sofa revealing
their long legs, which were bared almost to the brief whites panties they were
wearing. As Timothy entered the room, Susan got up and walked towards him and
took him gently by the arm. "Poor Timothy, you do seem to be in a state... don't
be nervous, I am sure Mummy and the nurse will be gentle with you. My my... your
face is bright red... and you are shivering all over. Come with me and stand by
the fire until you get warm."

 Timothy blushed even more as Susan led him by his arm and made him stand next
to the open log fire. He could not help gasping as Susan ran her hand over his
shoulders and down his back. He gasped as her hand proceeded even lower, her
gentle fingers teasing over the soft material that covered his bottom. "Why
Timothy!" She exclaimed. "Haven't you got any underclothes or shorts on... no
wonder you are cold." Susan noted the boy's exquisite look of anguish as she
lifted the hem of his tee shirt and looked at his bared his bottom. He gasped;
"Please er miss... er please don't. Hazel wouldn't let me wear anything under my
shirt. Please er.. miss er... Susan."

 Ignoring his pleas Susan lifted the hem even further up his back as her eye
caught sight of the three red stripes, which delineated the cheeks of his
bottom. "What on earth are these?" She exclaimed as she bent over to examine him
closer. "Come and look Gail, I think Hazel must have given him more than just a
smack bottom. Timothy gasped as Susan turned his body towards the light of the
standard lamp, which stood next to the fireplace. She bent him forward pulling
his shirt further up his back so that she could examine him more closely. He was
acutely aware that his penis and testicles were now on show as he saw Gail get
up from the settee and move towards him.

 His face was on fire as the two girls bent him over even further so that he his
head was bent towards his knees. He shivered as he felt Gail gently stroke her
hand over the quivering flesh of his bottom. "Keep still and let me have a look
and see what Hazel has been doing to you. Oh dear.. it looks as though he has
been given at least three strokes of the strap. Is that what she smacked you
with Timothy... the strap?" Timothy was blushing so much that his cheeks were
burning. His body was shivering uncontrollably as he felt their hands exploring
the cheeks of his bottom. He gasped as Susan's soft fingertips deftly parted the
cheeks, exposing him intimately to their interested gaze. "Please er.. miss...
no more pleeease!" He managed to stammer as he felt the utter humiliation of
being bent over and his bare bottom being stretched and examined so intimately.



"I asked you a question!" said Gail as she smacked her hand smartly across the
cheeks of his bottom. "Did Hazel beat you with a strap?" Timothy gasped at the
sharp slap and shuddered with anguish, his voice almost a croak as he tried to
answer. "Y'yes miss... er... it was the strap.



To Timothy's surprise Gail's voice became soft and concerned as she bade him
stand upright and pulled him towards her. She laid his head gently on her
shoulder and put her arms around him. "Oh you poor baby, fancy having to have
your poor bottom beaten with a strap. Never mind my sweet boy, Susan and I will
make it better for you... won't we Susan." Gail looked at Susan who was standing
behind the boy. She lifted the back of his tee shirt up once more, pulling the
hem upwards until it was almost up to the back of his neck.

 She knew that his penis would be exposed and vulnerable to the intimate contact
of Gail's body as she held Timothy close. Gently she stroked her fingers over
the soft flesh of his bottom, her fingers trailing gently and intimately between
the cheeks. Gail heard his quickly drawn in breath at the further intimate
exploration of his bottom. She slid her own hand down his back until she was
able to caress his naked buttocks. "There poor baby, let's get you over to the
sofa and Susan will fetch some cream so that I can rub some in for you. Now
don't be shy just come and lie across my knees.



For Timothy it was all too much, he could not resist the tear that rolled down
his cheek or the burgeoning throb of his penis as Gail nonchalantly took a firm
hold of both his penis and his scrotum and casually placed the soft flesh
between her thighs. Both she and Susan helped lay the boy face down over Gail's
knees. "Right I'll leave him in your capable hands, while I go and ask mother
for some cream for his bottom." She smiled at Gail and winked before turning on
her heels and leaving the room.



Vickie and Hazel were not the least surprised when Susan told them what she and
Hazel were doing to the boy, instead they burst into good-natured laughter.
Vickie could not contain her merriment as she reached into the cupboard for some
body lotion. Hazel was still laughing as she addressed Susan.

 "You were not long finding the marks on his bottom. I am afraid that I just had
to punish him for his disobedience at the medical centre. Was his bottom still
red, or was it just the marks of the strap?"

 Susan looked at Hazel, her admiration growing for the confident young woman.
"No Hazel it was just the three marks of the straps. Did he cry when you
punished him... er. was his bottom bare when you gave him the strap?" Hazel
laughed at the girl's very obvious interest in how she had punished the boy. She
did not disappoint Susan with her answer, as she already guessed from her
actions at the medical centre that her interest in the boy was far from
platonic. "I spanked his bare bottom over my knee, using his tennis shoe as his
implement of punishment. After I had given him a sound spanking, I had him bend
over and grasp his ankles with his legs spread widely apart, so that he could
not clench his buttocks. I gave him three strokes with the strap. I am afraid he
couldn't contain himself after the third stroke and danced about all over the
sitting room, trying to relieve himself of the pain. I think that the strap hurt
him far more than he ever though possible. I am sure that, should he ever forget
himself, a timely reminder of the sting of the strap will soon bring him back
into line." Susan's look of admiration was not lost on Hazel as she finished
relating the details of Timothy's punishment. She placed her hand on Susan's
cheek and bent her head so that she could whisper in her ear. "You may find that
some day soon, either you or Gail may have cause to punish him. Just remember
that if you have a good cause to smack his bare bottom, that it must be tempered
with love and kindness. In that way you will not only gain his respect, but also
his love and supplication. Do you understand what I am saying?" Susan looked
intently at Hazel her face serious, but with a wistful, almost spiritual
expression. She spoke softly, her words slow and measured. "Yes Hazel, thank
you... yes I know exactly what you mean and I know that Gail does too!"

Vickie looked at her daughter and then back at Hazel, her expression was
thoughtful as she spoke to them. "Gail has said that she is going to marry
Timothy when he is older and that she will smack his bottom when he is naughty.
I know she may only be in her teens, but I believe she will. I have never known
Gail say anything that she did not mean, or ever break a promise.

Susan looked at Hazel and smiled at her. "Oh she will marry him, I know it...
but she won't be the only one smacking his bottom, if he is naughty... I will be
doing it as well." Hazel chuckled, knowing full well that was what Susan had
said, would probably happen, just as she had said. "Well I think you had better
go and see what, your very grown up friend, Gail is doing to my young charge."
Hazel laughed as Susan took the cream and disappeared down the corridor to the
sitting room.





Timothy could not believe what was happening to him. Just twenty-four hours ago,
he had been living quietly with his mother. He had been the man of the household
and had, for his diligence in looking after things, received a certain amount of
autonomy and freedom. Now he was laid face down and virtually naked over the
head girl's knees, his shirt pulled up to his shoulders revealing his bare
bottom and his penis and testicles, which were trapped between the soft flesh of
the girls thighs. He shivered once more as she gently stroked her hand over his
bared buttocks.

Gail looked up as Susan reappeared and handed her the cream with a look of glee
on her face. She kneeled in front of Gail and the naked boy, before settling
back on her haunches. "Sorry I took so long, Hazel was just explaining why she
had to smack naughty Timothy here." Susan placed her cool hand deliberately over
the soft flesh of the boy's naked bottom to accent her words. Timothy blushed an
even deeper shade of crimson, as Susan's other hand stroked over his shoulders
and then through his hair. She turned his head so that she could look at his
blushing face.

 "Now young man; Gail and I are going to put some cream on your naughty bottom,
so be a good boy and try not to move and make us spill it." Timothy could only
look at her in anguish and embarrassment as he felt cool liquid being poured
onto the small of his back and seconds later Gail's delicate fingers, as they
chased the running liquid down into the deep crease of his buttocks.

"Now relax your bottom so that I can part the cheeks, I need proper access if I
am to do the job properly." Timothy could only manage to grunt rather than give
a coherent reply, but just managed through his haze of embarrassment to relax
the cheeks of his bottom.

He felt a shiver run through him as Gail pressed her fingers firmly into the
pliant flesh of his bottom. He found it hard not to tense the muscles of his
buttocks as her hands explored his upturned cheeks, the fingertips of one hand
pressing firmly against his sphincter, while she almost lovingly caressed the
plump hillocks of his bottom. She continued, slowly and deliberately stroking
over the bared flesh of the young boy. She smiled at Susan, her expression, one
of triumph and satisfaction, making her friend grin with delight.

 Gail eased her fingers between his buttocks and teased his sphincter once more
before boldly sliding her hand down between his legs and cupping his testicles
in the palm of her hand. Susan watched as the boy gasped and raised his head as
if he was about to protest at this new intrusion to his modesty. Before he could
speak however, Gail patted his bottom and at the same time squeezed her thighs
together trapping his penis even more firmly. "Now Timothy don't jiffle about,
just lie nice and still until I am finished."

Gail was delighted to feel his penis suddenly throb between her legs. She knew
that it would not be long before the turgid member was fully erect. She glanced
over at Susan and raised her hand with her fingers positioned in the shape of an
'O'. Susan managed to stifle a giggle as Gail continued stroking the boy's naked
bottom.

"Does that feel better Timothy? Answer me now!" Gail spoke gently and yet
Timothy could here the firmness in her voice.

"Er... yes miss... er Gail. Thank you." Timothy was beside himself with
embarrassment, acutely aware of his erect penis and the pressure of her thighs
against his most intimate and private part.



Gail made sure that his penis was fully erect before she delivered her coup de
grace. "Right Timothy, lets have you up. Will you give me a hand Susan?" She
lightly slapped his bottom and put her hands at either side of his waist. "Right
up onto your knees.... That's the way. Timothy shakily got to his knees, his
embarrassment was almost palpable as the girls delightedly helped him up. He
quickly clasped his hands to his penis, covering himself as best he could. His
penis was so stiff that he had difficulty in pressing it against his body as the
girls manoeuvred him to a standing position. He fumbled with the front of his
shirt, tugging at the material with one hand, while trying vainly to conceal his
erection with the other.

He could not bring himself to look at either of the two girls. He knew that were
looking down at his groin as he finally managed to get the material of his shirt
safely over his penis. He immediately clasped both hands over his shirt, at the
same time pulling his penis tightly against his body. His modesty did not last
long as he felt Gail lift the back of his shirt and once more bare his body to
the prying eyes of the two girls. "Come around her and look Susan, his bottom is
a lot less red than it was and his skin is really nice and smooth after all the
cream I put on!"

 Timothy shivered as both girls leisurely examined his naked buttocks, their
hands stroking over his flesh as if he were a prize animal. Their inspection
continued in silence as Timothy stood timidly with his hands clasped to his
groin. He shivered involuntarily as Susan knelt down, her soft delicate hand
holding his thigh to steady herself as she peered at his naked bottom.

  "My... that does look better Gail, it must have been very painful being beaten
like that." She looked around from behind Timothy and addressed him directly.
"Look at me Timothy, did she hurt you when she beat you with the strap? Did she
make you take your trousers down and then spank your bare bottom? It must have
been a traumatic and humbling experience for you... did she make you shed real
tears?" Timothy blushed, the colour suffused not only his trembling cheeks but
also spread across his chest too! He was beside himself with embarrassment as he
struggled to turn his head and answer her.

 "Er.. yes miss." He stammered. "She beat me with the strap er... miss... er um
like I am now miss.. with er.. no covering." His embarrassment deepened as he
felt Susan lazily trace her delicate fingers over the welts on his bottom. "You
mean that she spanked your bare bottom... and did you cry?"

"Yes miss... it really hurt and er I... I cried." Susan could see that Timothy
was not far off from crying once more. She could see his bottom lip trembling
quite visibly and that his eyes were already glistening with tears. Susan waited
for Timothy to turn his head back to the front before she looked at Gail and
made a face as if she was about to cry, while pointing at the boy. Gail
immediately took the hint and reluctantly stopped stroking the boy's bottom.
Susan also took her hands away and straightened up, letting the boy's shirt fall
back down over the cheeks of his bottom. "Come and sit down Timothy, and we'll
watch the television until the nurse needs you."







Penny smoothed her hands down the crisp white nurses uniform she was wearing.
She had deliberately left the last two buttons of her tunic undone allowing her
tanned thighs to slip easily through the fine cotton. She tightened her
waistband, further accenting the jut of her young breasts and the narrowness of
her waist as she approached the bathroom. Her shiny black hair, cut severely to
her jaw line, moved smoothly as if in two wings, accenting her pretty features
and contrasting with the deep red of her lipstick.

She had thought long and hard about the situation she found herself in as she
busied herself in the large old-fashioned bathroom of the cottage. She had laid
out the two large fleet enema bags and several jars and tubes of creams and
lubricants on one of the two old tables, which were situated against the white
tiled wall near the doorway. She had moved the second table, a larger sturdy oak
Longman, by dragging it across the tiled floor to the centre of the room. On top
of this she had laid several fluffy bath towels, which now covered the top,
making a soft padded surface.

She knew she had handled herself well, while talking to both Vickie Grant and
Hazel. Her only surprise had been at her own attitude. She had felt rather
excited rather than shocked, and now, as she examined her thoughts, she realised
that perhaps her own feelings and predilections were very much closer to that of
Hazel and Vickie. Although she was young, Penny had already experienced the
power that her uniform and position had brought her. Of course she had gone
through the menial tasks that all nurses go through. The drudgery of emptying
bedpans, making beds, running errands at the beck and call of senior sisters and
matrons, had been carried out willingly and with a smile and her attitude had
certainly brought its own rewards. Her very first position had been at the local
schools, assisting the retiring doctor at the annual medicals. Rather than blush
in confusion, as some young girls might have, she had adopted a firm and brusque
attitude as she had looked upon the line of naked young boys lined up ready to
be examined. She had enjoyed their embarrassment as they had been made to stand
in front of her desk while she filled in their medical forms. She had been
intrigued by the variety of male bodies and the embarrassed way that they had
held their hands in front of their genitals. As the day progressed, she had
enjoyed making them blush even more, by looking directly at their genitals as
she filled in the forms.

Now, as she surveyed the bathroom, she knew that she was to experience something
that she had always wanted; she would, with full authority from her superiors,
intimately handle a young boy and eventually force him to ejaculate! His body
would be hers, to explore and manipulate, as she wanted; no protest or defiance
would spare him from her ministrations.

Leaving the bathroom and heading towards the sitting room, she wondered whether
he would be as good looking as Vickie and Hazel had described him to her. As she
entered the room and walked towards him, her heart thrilled at the sight of his
young body as he stood humbly by the fireplace. He is perfect in every detail,
Penny thought as she moved towards him. She could see that he was trembling with
embarrassment as she moved to take his hand in hers. His face was bright red,
the blush suffusing both his cheeks and neck as he looked towards her. Penny was
surprised at the firmness of her own voice as she spoke to the young boy. "Well
Peter, lets have you into the bathroom so that I can take care of you." Penny
was rewarded by a deepening of the bright red flush to his cheeks and the
humiliation she saw in his eyes before he quickly dropped his head and meekly
allowed her to escort him to the bathroom. Penny felt the trembling in his body
as she held his wrist. Gail spoke to him as he left the room. "Now you be a good
boy Peter and do as the nurse says."

Penny could not have wished for a more docile subject as she led him into the
bathroom and firmly shut the door behind them. She turned towards him and put
both of the palms of her hands gently against either side of his cheeks. She
could feel that his cheeks were burning with embarrassment as she raised his
head so that he could not avoid looking at her. "Now young man... I am going to
give you an enema so that you are nice and clean inside. Let's have this shirt
off... so just raise your arms above your head there's a good boy."

He was trembling with embarrassment as he looked into her face. His
embarrassment was multiplied tenfold by her prettiness and the fact that she was
only a couple of years older than himself. His natural modesty added further to
his humiliation, as he stood before her, knowing that he was about to be
stripped naked.



Timothy looked horrified as Penny briskly took hold of his wrists and raised his
arms. "Now just stand still." She took the hem of his tee shirt and without
preamble deftly lifted it up over his hips and upwards, baring his chest as she
pulled it over his head. "Right slip your arms out and put it on the chair
behind you, then come and bend over this table." Timothy was relieved as he
noticed that Penny had not looked down at his penis and testicles, but had
turned away from him and busied herself with the equipment that she had placed
on the second table.



 Timothy quickly put his tee shirt over the back of the chair and moved towards
the table, clasping his hands over his genitals. Penny turned towards him,
smiling as she saw his cowering stance and the clutching of his hands between
his legs as he shuffled rather than walked towards the table.

 "Right young man... over you go!" She pulled his hands away from his body and
carefully positioned him so that his head was laid flat against the towels with
his face turned towards her and his hands stretched out along the length of the
table.



"Oh dear Timothy, my you must have been very naughty to have had to be punished
like that. I can see three distinct marks... what on earth did you do to deserve
it?



Timothy wished that he could disappear through a hole in the floor; such was his
utter dismay as the young nurse waited for his reply.



He shuddered as he felt her soft hands gently touch his bottom, her fingertips
fluttering lightly over his sensitive flesh.

"Well aren't you going to answer me? I shall certainly not have any hesitation
in smacking a naughty boy on his bare bottom if he doesn't do what he is told."
Timothy blushed profusely as she lifted a hand from his bottom and smacked him
lightly across the tender cheeks of his buttocks.



"Er erm... I was embarrassed about erm... er... getting undressed at the...erm
medical centre." Penny smiled to herself as she examined the perfect body she
saw before her. "Well we will have no more nonsense like that this time will we
little man. I have had a lot of experience in disciplining young boys. So you
had better be warned... hadn't you?



Timothy blushed an even brighter red as the nurse spoke to him; her terminology
belittling him as if he were a child rather than a teenager.



 Penny knew exactly what she was doing, although she had never really analysed
her reasons... other than the obvious sexual attraction of his naked body, she
knew that having such a beautiful young boy at her mercy gave her immense
enjoyment. Perhaps she might have wondered what in her makeup caused her to feel
such sexual excitement, not just at subjugation, but also at his obvious
embarrassment and humiliation.



 She felt him begin to tremble as she bent down behind him and placed her hands
gently on the inside of his thighs. "Right Timothy, spread your legs as widely
as you can." She carefully pressed her hands between his legs, widening his
stance until his hips were pressed firmly against the table surface. Penny
smiled to herself as she revealed his penis and testicles, hanging down, free
from encumbrance, between his widely parted thighs. She could see that his
penis, although not stiff, was engorged and that his testicles were full and
swollen within their scrotal sac.



Timothy was beside himself with embarrassment and indignation at the position he
had made to adopt. He could not control the shiver of pure undiluted anguish as
he felt her soft hands softly stroke the flesh on the inside of each of his
thighs, her hands moving upwards before taking a firm grip of his penis and
testicles.

"Arggh" He let out a short gasp as he felt her gentle fingers encased his most
intimate parts. He drew in his breath in a sharp hiss, as she deftly pulled his
foreskin back and lifted his testicles in the palm of her hand. "My Timothy
these are swollen, I bet you will be pleased when I empty them for you... are
they causing you any pain? Timothy shivered, unable to control the squirming of
his hips as she held him captive. His voice was hoarse and cracked as he tried
to answer her. " er..  erm... er... no er, nurse"



Penny smiled to herself, at the same time feeling a thrill run through her young
body as she played his most intimate parts. She became bolder as he shivered
helplessly at her touch. She could already feel his penis beginning to erect as
she began to gently move his foreskin backwards and forwards over the sensitive
corona of the head of his engorged member.

"Arggghhh." He gasped as she suddenly pulled the foreskin back, stretching the
skin tightly. His humiliation sending a deep blush to his cheeks as she
blatantly exposed him. He tried to squirm his hips to evade her fingers but
instead felt her tighten her grip. Suddenly without warning she let go of him
and before he knew what was happening he felt a firm slap upon the bared cheeks
of his bottom. "Now young man, we will have no nonsense while I prepare you
properly. I want to be able to extract your semen as effectively as I can and
that; I am afraid for you, that it will require some very intimate handling."



 Penny stood up straight behind him and slapped him once more across the cheeks
of his bottom; it was not a hard slap, but it made the young boy gasp. "There
now... you don't want me to tell Hazel that you were uncooperative... do you?
Fancy having to be strapped across the bare bottom by such a pretty girl like
Hazel, I would have thought it must have been terribly embarrassing for you!"



She saw that her words had brought further blushes to Timothy's cheeks. She
looked down at his naked body, enjoying the view of his widely spread legs and
his parted bottom cheeks, revealing the neat rosebud of his sphincter. She
decided that she would change tack... firmness and kindness, she reminded
herself.



She moved to the side of the table and leaned over his body, making sure that
her firm breasts were pressed against his back. She leaned forward until her
lips were against his cheek and whispered softly to him.

 "My poor baby I know you are embarrassed but I will be as gentle with you as I
can. It is all for your own good, so will you promise to be a good boy? In
return, I will promise that if you do everything I ask first time, that we can
get this over with as quickly as possible."



Timothy was in turmoil, her soft voice and the gentle touch played havoc with
his senses. He could feel her firm breasts against his skin as she smoothed her
hands down across his bottom. He was horrified as he felt his penis stiffen and
press forward against the edge of the table as her fingers slipped between the
crease of his bottom. She whispered to him once more.

"Now Timothy, I am just going to lubricate you bottom, so just stay in this
position while I get some cream. I won't hurt you, but I want you to relax your
little bottom so that I can lubricate inside you." Penny knew that her words
would cause him further distress and as she looked into his face she could see
the deepening blush already covering his cheeks. She patted his bottom and stood
upright, leaving him laid over the table while she went to the array of jars.



She could hear his ragged breathing and thought she heard a faint moan from him
as she took a pair of rubber gloves. Although she did not look directly at him
she knew that he was watching her; she almost sensuously pulled the gloves over
her delicate fingers, snapping the rubber against her wrists as she pulled them
tight.



Next she picked up a tube of lubricant and smeared a generous amount of the
glistening liquid onto her fingers. She moved to his side, making sure that her
hands were in full view as she deliberately smeared most of the lubricant over
her extended middle finger. She smiled as she saw him shiver with trepidation.
"Now Timothy, just relax that little bottom of yours while I insert my finger up
into you." Moving behind him she saw his buttocks quake as she placed her left
hand delicately on the quivering flesh. Without a word she parted his cheeks and
pressed her lubricated fingers against the sensitive opening of his sphincter.
She thrilled as he shivered uncontrollably, the cheeks of his bottom actually
shaking as she teased the virgin orifice.



 "Now just relax, there that's the way." She felt his whole body shiver as the
tightly constricted muscles relaxed enough for a finger to slide up into him.
Rather than just probe slowly, she let her finger slide up until he was
penetrated right up to her knuckle. She moved closer pressing her pubis against
his hip and once again letting her young breasts cushion his back. Without
warning she slid her finger further upwards, her knuckle sliding easily passed
the stricture of his sphincter.



 Timothy gasped as her body pressed him down onto the surface of the table
allowing her finger to exert even greater pressure. "Arggghhh.. ooohhhh," he
moaned as her finger slid all the way up into his bottom.



"There just you relax now while I lubricate your little bottom." Such was
Penny's excitement that she felt the need to press her pubis harder against his
hip. She could feel the heat between her legs as she probed the pliant channel
of his anus, quickly locating the prostate gland with the very tip of her
finger, she proceeded to massage the sensitive organ.



"Ooooohhh... er miss ...er n'nurse," he cried out as she invaded both his bottom
and his senses. "Arrggghhh... er ooohh please miss." He was trembling all over
as her finger roamed freely, mercilessly arousing his naive sexual feelings to
fever pitch. She positioned her body so that she could reach underneath him with
her free hand. She quickly located his penis, which to her delight had erected
fully. The flesh was ridged, harder than she thought any penis could be. Her
fingers encircled the engorged flesh, squeezing and exploring his throbbing
member.



"There now try and relax." Her words were merely sops to his emotional state.
She knew full well that if she did not release him soon he would ejaculate.
Gently she eased her finger from his bottom and released his penis, patting his
bottom cheeks as she stood up straight.



"Now stay like that while I fetch the enemas for you. Penny patted his bottom,
the action further demeaning him as she walked towards the table where she had
placed the enema bags. She took both of them and moved to stand behind the naked
young boy.



She placed one of the bags on the table next to his hips and then broke open the
seal on the other one. Without a word she parted his buttocks and introduced the
tube into his sphincter. She watched with delight as the narrow tubing easily
slipped into the opening. Deftly she pushed the tube all the way up into him and
squeezed the bag, watching with delight as the young boy threw back his head as
the cool water gushed into him.

"Argggghhhh... arggggggggghh."



Once again he gasped in shock as she completely emptied the rest of the contents
of the bag with a sharp squeeze, propelling the liquid into a fierce torrent
deep inside him.

Arrggghhh... pleeeaseee er nurse" Timothy was beside himself with anguish



 She pulled the tube out immediately and let the bag fall to the floor as she
reached for the second one.



 "Now just relax sweetie, this won't take a moment." She quickly pushed the tube
of the second bag up into the moistened opening of his bottom and pushed it home
firmly as she spoke softly to him.

 "Now just relax and grip the table. She thrilled as she saw Timothy try to turn
his head around to look at her. She could see that the fear and trepidation he
was feeling was clearly written on his face; she spoke gently to him. "Just
relax now." Penny already knew that that was the last thing the boy would be
able to do, but she saw by his deep blush that her words had had the required
effect. She watched has his hands tentatively grasped the edge of the table.



 Rather than squeeze the second bag with her fingers, she suddenly pushed it
with the flat of her hand between the cheeks of his bottom; her deft movement
simply emptying the entire contents into him all in one go.



"Arrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh." A thrill ran through her body as the
boy arched his back and tried to rear up from the table, only to feel her cool
hand firmly press his body back down into position. "There now, relax... while I
take the tube out of your bottom." Her voice was soft and calming as she held
him in position; ignoring his anguish at the shock of the water penetrating deep
inside him.



"Arrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhh... Ooooohhhh  Mmmmissss." Timothy was beside
himself, not merely with the intrusion of the water up into his bottom, but the
total humiliation. Such was his embarrassment that his agony was tuned to a fine
pitch his nerves stretched taut, the feeling of dread so exquisite as to be
painful in it's intensity. To be under the control of a pretty young girl... to
have to display his body to her... to have her nonchalantly handle him so
intimately; it was all too much for him.



Penny waited for him to calm himself before she spoke. She held her hand flat
against the small of his back, admiring the quivering pliant flesh of the cheeks
of his bottom.



"There now Timothy, that wasn't so bad was it!" She spoke brightly, her question
rhetorical... she continued. "Now just stay bent over, but put your legs
together and try and squeeze your bottom to hold the water in. I am going to let
you stay like that for five minutes." She watched him closely; he seemed
relieved as he placed his feet side by side, perhaps thinking that this would
hide his erect penis from her. In fact, it raised his hips so that from the side
she see that his penis was pointing forward, with the tip touching the edge of
the table.



She smiled as she pulled the second table closer to the first. She was aware
that he was watching her movements as she took a bowl and filled it with water
before placing it on the surface. She open a new packet of soap and placed it
beside the bowl before fetching several washcloths from the side of the bath.
After she had prepared everything to her satisfaction she turned towards timothy
and placed her hand gently on his shoulder.



"Now young man, I want you to walk with your bottom clenched to the toilet bowl
and sit on it. Do you think you can do that without spilling any of the water
inside you.?" Timothy blushed, his cheeks becoming bright red as she looked into
his face. His lips were trembling as he answered her.

"Er... yes er.. nurse I will try." His voice was cracked and parched as he tried
to talk. She placed her hands gently around his waist and helped him to stand
upright. She could see him blushing an even brighter red, as she walked with
him, holding his naked body next to hers. The cause of his acute embarrassment
was plain for her to see as his penis, which was standing straight out from his
body and as rigid as a tent pole, bobbed up and down in front of him.



She managed to sit him on the toilet without any of the liquid seeping from his
bottom. "There, my you are such a good boy, now let it all go and keep there
until I tell you to move." She watched him blush as he looked up from his
sitting position.



Timothy suddenly realised that his penis was standing straight up and pointing
directly at the young nurse. He desperately clasped his hands together in front
of himself as if his life depended on it. He blushed again as he saw the pretty
young nurse smile at him; there was a hint of amusement on her lips as she saw
his desperation. His dismay and anguish were so acute that he had to look down.
He felt utterly foolish, sitting on the toilet in front of her. He could not
have described how utterly wretched he felt, at having such a pretty young girl
in total control of him; to see him naked and to do such intimate things to his
body.



Penny looked down at him, noting the expression of guilt on his face as he
hastily hid his erect penis. For her the thrill in reality of having the boy
naked in front of her was far better than she had ever thought possible. She
knew that her prettiness and youth often made patients feel uncomfortable and
embarrassed, especially when she had to see them naked. But having this young
boy at her mercy was more intensely pleasurable than anything she had ever felt
before. All of a sudden she heard his bowels loosen and evacuate the water he
had been holding. It gushed out down into the toilet pan. Timothy shivered
involuntarily and hung his head in shame as Penny spoke to him. "There that's
the way, now stay there as I am sure that here will be some more." She watched
him blush, his ears turning a bright purple colour; such was his shame.



Penny busied her self filling a jug of hot water from the bath tap and
rearranging her paraphernalia on the table. She was aware of the various bowel
movements her young charge was making as he sat shamefaced upon the toilet. She
smiled to herself as she observed that his hands were still clasped to his groin
and that his knees were pressed tightly together.



Eventually she moved to stand in front of him. She took some toilet tissue from
the dispenser, which was attached to the wall above his head and placed her hand
gently on his shoulder. Timothy looked up, a faint blush already appearing on
his cheeks as she looked down at his nakedness.

"Right young man stand up and bend over and grasp your ankles." Her words
deliberately humiliating him as she leaned forward and placed her hand under his
arm. Awkwardly the boy stood up, instinctively tightened the grip of his hands,
which were covering his genitals. Penny delighted in turning him around and
bending him over. "Hands away and grasp your ankles... legs apart... that's the
way." Her hands followed her commands positioning the boy until he was bent over
with his legs spread wide apart and his hands grasping each ankle.



He was already shivering with shame and embarrassment as she leaned her body
over his; her hand encircling his waist and reaching up under his tummy. She was
facing towards his bottom; the tissue held ready as she reached between his
legs. Timothy felt absolutely foolish as he looked between his widely splayed
legs. He could not believe this was happening to him, to be treated like a
child... even a baby. He felt the toilet tissue wipe upwards into the lower part
of the crease of his bottom; feeling his buttocks part as she pressed the tissue
firmly between the soft flesh to wipe him. He gasped as she drew the soft paper
firmly over his sphincter several times until she was satisfied that he was
clean.



Timothy was blushing furiously as she stood him upright. He immediately clasped
his hands back to his groin as she let him go and turned to discard the toilet
tissue into the pan. To his horror she examined the contents of the bowl before
she flushed the cistern.



"Well that seems to have done the job." She said brightly as she moved to the
sink and began to wash her hands. She turned her head to look at him over her
shoulder. "I don't think it will be necessary to bathe you in the bath
Timothy... do you?" Timothy could only blush and stammer as he watched her dry
her hands and then move to stand in front of him once more.

"Er n'no  er miss." He blushed as he looked into her face. Her prettiness
mesmerised him and at the same time made him feel gauche and inadequate. He
stared at her awestruck as she placed her delicate fingers under his chin and
held his head so that he could not avoid her gaze.

"In that case I will just give you a quick table-bath... so if you will just hop
up onto the table like a good boy." Her pretty smile showed her perfect white
teeth as she watched a combined expression of horror and abject dismay appear
upon his innocent young face.

Penny suddenly felt sorry for him and instinctively took his head in her hands
and gently kissed him on the cheek. He blushed immediately, his embarrassment
causing his face to turn bright red. She watched him turn and walk to the table;
she could see his body shivering with humiliation as he stood against it. He had
pressed his hips tightly against the side of the table, hoping to hide his penis
from her view she thought, as he looked nervously over his shoulder.



"Up you get... now sit down on it and then lie back."

She watched fascinated as he clumsily climbed on to the table, trying as best he
could to keep his genitals covered before he eventually succeeded in sitting
upright with his legs extended before him. His nervousness showed upon his face
as he looked at her; his hands were still clasped to his groin as he leaned
back, preventing him from lying perfectly flat.

"I am afraid you will have to put those hands behind your head, I want complete
access to your bottom... and to your genitalia." Penny was surprised that the
boy's face could blush any deeper red than he already was, but her well chosen
words were rewarded with an immediate blush of deep red that ran through his
cheeks and down across his chest.



She observed with utter delight, the tentative uncovering of his genitals. His
penis, although not fully erect, was engorged and plump, his testicles rather
than hanging down, rested like two ripe plums between his thighs.



"Penny looked closely at his face as she gave him her next instruction. "Now I
want you to place the soles of your feet together, do you think you can do that
for me." She knew from Hazel that he had been placed in a similar position
earlier and that he had found it most humiliating.



The boy looked blank for a split-second and then his expression suddenly turned
to dismay as he realised what he must do to get the soles of his feet facing
each other.



"B'but er... erm nurse." His protestation was suddenly cut short.



"Come along now, lay with your knees outwards and draw them up until all of the
soles of your feet are touching each other."



Penny, rather than position him herself wanted to see his embarrassment at
having to display himself so blatantly.



She watched avidly as he laid his knees to each side of the table, baring his
genitals and bottom almost lewdly. She thrilled with delight as he put the soles
of his feet together, drawing his knees up even further until the soles and
heels of his feet were placed together like a mirrored image.



His thighs were now widely splayed apart; Penny was aware that there was not
even the remotest modicum of modesty in the position she had made him adopt. His
hairless penis and testicles were now rudely on display.



"Now stretch your arms out to the top of the table above your head, I don't want
them in the way."

She waited until Timothy, already humiliated by his position, stretched his arms
out until they were resting on the table above his head. Now he was completely
open to her, his naked body stretched and parted for her to do with as she
wished. She saw that his bottom lip had begun to tremble and that his
nervousness and apprehension had caused him to gasp for breath. She watched his
heaving chest and the small shivers than occasionally ran through his body as he
looked at her, his eyes almost pleading for respite from his utter
embarrassment.



She moved to the side of the table and looked down at him. This was her first
opportunity to inspect him openly and at her leisure. She slowly looked him
over, examining every inch of his body before she finally placed her hands upon
him. Such was the young boy's trepidation that he almost jumped off the table at
her first touch.



Penny had placed one of her hands quite casually on his chest and the other on
his thigh just above his knee.



"Now keep still and let me have a good look at you. She let the fingers of her
left hand gently caress his inner thigh, noting his nervousness and utter dismay
at his humiliating position,

"Now Timothy I am going to examine your penis and your testicles... I have to do
it, so try and not be embarrassed."



She bent over him, her face only inches away from his as she spoke softly to
him. "You know that this is for your own good, so just try and be a good boy
while I have a good look at you."



Penny was well aware that her words, rather than comfort him, would cause him
further embarrassment.

For Timothy this was a nightmare of humiliation that he thought would never end.
Her perfume invaded his nostrils with a heady aroma as she leaned forward; her
voice, which was soft and tender, seemed to heighten his sense of subjugation...
and her words reduced his stature to that of a child.



It was an almost ritualistic gesture, as she took a delicate hold of the tip of
his penis between thumb and forefinger, lifting it gently away from his body.
Timothy blushed with embarrassment as he felt an involuntary throb from his
penis as she carefully skinned the foreskin back, revealing the smooth corona
and the sensitive flesh beneath. He gasped as she pulled the skin back further
until it was stretched taught. His ordeal was not over; he groaned as he felt
her cool slender fingers gently cup and lift his testicles, her practiced
fingers gently rolling the soft orbs within their scrotal sac.



Timothy suddenly opened his mouth in horror as he felt his penis begin to throb
constantly between her fingers. He gasped as she slid his foreskin up over the
shaft and then back down, this time stretching the skin to it's limit.



"Arrrrgggggggggggggghhhhhhhhh....Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh" Timothy could not help
vocalising his torment. He looked up at the pretty young nurse, feeling his face
turn bright red as he caught her eye. He knew that his penis was fully erect and
could not help looking guilty as she looked into his face.



"It seems Timothy that you are unable to control yourself for very long. How
often does you penis get hard like this?"  She smoothed her hand back up the
shaft of his penis and lifted his testicles delicately as she spoke.



Timothy was unable to form a coherent answer as he gasped at the further
manipulation of his penis. "Argghh  er miss.... er.. I ddd'don't know er miss."



Penny seemed oblivious of the state of the young boy's acute embarrassment,
although in fact she was aware of every nuance of it. "Well I think we will have
to keep an eye on you over the next few days, we don't want any little
accidents, do we?"

Timothy blushed furiously at the suggestion, but such was his humiliation that
he could barely mumble a weak... "er..no miss."



"Well I will just get you washed and then we will see if we can get a nice big
sample from you." She let her hand slide out from under his testicles, leaving
the swollen sac of his scrotum to rest between his legs. She drew his foreskin
down the shaft of his penis, exposing him fully to her interested gaze. The
stiff flesh stood upright as if made of wood; the foreskin drawn back displaying
the smooth rim of the glans.



"Lie still and don't fidget, there's a good boy." She turned to the bowl she had
placed on the table and added hot water from the jug. Taking soap she lathered
her hands and turned back towards him. Without preamble she took a firm hold of
his penis and applied lather around his pubic area. She ignored his gasps as she
quickly lathered soap over his genitalia, her delicate fingers moving beneath
his scrotum and in-between the cheeks of his bottom. Without warning she slipped
her arm underneath his knees and quickly lifted his legs until they were bent up
over his chest. Timothy gasped as he felt her soapy fingertip press against his
sphincter and quickly penetrate his anus. She held him, as one would a baby
while changing a nappy, holding his legs high in the air and raising his bottom
up off the tabletop.



He could not believe what was happening to him as her finger slid all the way up
into his bottom. She reamed her finger quickly in and out several times, the
soapy knuckle sliding easily back and forth through his sphincter.

"There young man, I think that will do." She spoke as if there was nothing
unusual in bathing an adolescent in this way.



She slipped her finger from his bottom and took a fresh washcloth, which she
soaked with warm water. She nonchalantly wiped around his genitals and up
between his legs before pressing the cloth firmly between his buttocks and
wiping his bottom as if he was an infant.

Timothy was absolutely mortified at the nonchalant way she had handled him. His
cheeks were bright crimson and blushing furiously. Such was his utter
humiliation that he felt near to tears.



Penny let go of the boy and taking a towel from the table she walked to the side
of the room. She took one of the chairs and placed it in an open space. Sitting
down on the chair she spoke directly to him, as he lay shamefaced and naked upon
the table. "Right young man, come and stand in front of me... quickly now."

Timothy struggled upright and slid his legs from the table, he immediately
covered his genitals with his hands. His penis was so stiff that he had trouble
holding it against his body.

"Now I want no nonsense with you holding your genitals... do you hear me? Hazel
has already told me that she will punish you if you are disobedient, so take
your hands away and come and stand in front of me NOW!"



Timothy blushed furiously, letting his hands fall away from his groin he moved
slowly towards the pretty young nurse, his blushes igniting his cheeks into a
fiery red mask. He stood in front of her, his penis jutting from his groin at a
right angle, his legs and torso trembling with embarrassment.



"Now step forward and open your legs... come along stand with your legs well
apart."

Timothy could barely contain his abject humiliation as she placed her hands on
his hips and manoeuvred him until his legs were splayed well apart on either
side of her knees. His penis was only inches from her breasts as she took the
towel and began to dry in-between his legs. She casually took a firm hold of his
penis and pulled the foreskin back, ostensibly drying behind the foreskin. He
could not help a deep shiver running through his whole body as the material
grazed against his sensitive flesh. He closed his eyes in an acute dilemma of
abject dismay as she handled his penis and testicles as nonchalantly as one
would to a small child.



"Right I think that will do... now look at me Timothy I want your full
attention." Reluctantly Timothy opened his eyes and met her steady gaze,
involuntarily shivering as he looked into her pretty face.

"It is not a healthy practice for a little boy to touch his penis... you seem to
be holding it at every opportunity. It is an undesirable trait and one, which
must be stopped! I am sure Hazel will be willing to chastise you should you be
naughty enough to continue holding yourself as you have been doing."



Timothy blushed, he was shocked at the pretty young nurse's words. He tried to
explain. "b'but miss... er I was ...er em...." Penny cut him short. "I want no
excuses, some little boys seem utterly incorrigible in their masturbatory
habits. I am sure Hazel will concur with my opinion that it is a disgusting and
vile practice. Now step backwards and let me stand up." Timothy blushed
furiously; her unfair assumption that he was holding his penis for reasons other
than his modesty hurt him deeply.



Penny read his feelings exactly. She knew from his expression that her words had
stung him deeply. She stood up and to the boy's amazement gently put her arms
around him. He shivered as his penis pressed into the starched fabric of her
uniform.

"Poor baby, it has all been too much for you hasn't it? Never mind sweetie, I
will take good care of you." She bent her head forward, and to his astonishment
kissed him fully on the lips. The gentleness of her words and actions made him
almost wilt in her arms. She stroked her fingertips over his cheek as she gently
drew her lips away from his. She could feel his penis throb, even through the
material of her tunic. "Now my sweet boy, come with me and I will try and make
these a little more comfortable for you." She cupped her hand underneath his
scrotum and cradled his testicles, her fingers curling around the swollen sac
and squeezing gently.

She stroked the fingers of her other hand over his burring cheek. "Come along
Timothy and promise me you will be a good little boy."



Timothy was beside himself with humiliation and sexual arousal as she placed her
hand on the cheeks of his bottom and guided him from the bathroom.





3













Hazel and Vickie looked amused as Penny ushered the naked boy into the
examination room, his penis hard and jutting and almost lewdly from between his
thighs. Hazel examined him closely; she could see that he was shivering all over
from his embarrassment and that he was almost near to tears. They looked on in
admiration as Penny deftly handled the boy. Making him stand in front of them
with his legs widely spread.

"I don't think there is much need for preliminaries, so I think I will extract
the first sample with him stand up." Penny spoke brightly, showing that she was
very much in charge.

"Right Timothy squat down, that's the way, bend those knees... there that's just
right...my you are being a good boy today." Penny stooped down with him, holding
his shoulders so that he would not tip forward as he squatted rather like a Sumo
wrestler. "Right hands behind your back with the backs of your hands placed
against the small of your back and palms towards me." She held him by his
shoulders, with one hand while she adjusted his hands until they were flat
against his back just above the swell of his buttocks.

"Hazel if you will just hold his shoulder to steady him, would you?"

Hazel did as she was asked, standing in front of Timothy and placing her hands
gently on his shoulders.. He shivered at the cool touch of her fingers and the
embarrassment of being displayed so rudely; his penis was now jutting upwards
from between his widely spread legs and his testicles swinging freely without
hindrance.

Neither Hazel or Vickie had any idea quite what Penny had in mind until they saw
her take a small jar from her pocket and unscrew the cap. She dipped the middle
finger of her right hand into the sticky lubricant and placed the jar on the
floor by her feet.

"Keep him still if you can Hazel." She smiled as she watched Hazel take a firmer
hold of the boy's shoulders.

"Take a deep breath Timothy... that's it all the way in." Timothy had no idea
what was going to happen to him as he sucked in a lungful of air. Without
warning Penny slipped her hand between his buttocks and with one fluid movement
pushed her middle finger up into his sphincter. His squatting position made, the
penetration up into his anus, a smooth and easy process; the sphincter muscles
unable to impede his impalement.

"Oooohhh... arrggghh. Timothy gasped at the sudden intrusion, his mouth opening
wide for air, as Penny gestured to Hazel to help the boy to an upright position.
Penny smiled as she felt the muscles of his sphincter close tightly over her
knuckle, knowing that her finger would be firmly embedded up inside him.



"Arggggggggggggghhhhhhhh..... Oooooohhhh er...misss." He was beside himself as
he felt her thrust her finger even further. She pressed her firm body tightly
against him, knowing that he would feel her softness against the palms of his
hands, which were now tightly trapped between their bodies. Almost casually she
reached around his slim waist with her free hand and wrapped her delicate
fingers around the shaft of his penis. "Arrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhh." He gasped
as she pulled his foreskin back and at the same time located the sensitive flesh
of his prostate.



He threw his head back as she smoothed her finger over the sensitive gland, his
body becoming almost rigid with the sensation of it all.



Vickie watched Hazel move to the side of the boy and reach for his testicles;
the young girl's hand casually lifting the scrotum away from his body and
squeezing the swollen balls gently between her delicate fingers. She spoke
firmly, as she increased the pressure on balls; watching the nurse as she
aroused his young body to a fever pitch.

Penny's skill in handling him belied her limited experience; incessantly her
delicate fingers intuitively extracting the maximum sexual sensation from her
manipulations to his penis. Sometimes pulling the foreskin back tightly, other
times stroking her fingernails over the very tip, teasing the small orifice to
the boy's utter distraction.

Hazel noted the boy's tortured expression, his body shivering and shaking as
their hands excited him to an agony of sexual sensation..

"Now Timothy, I want no nonsense, let the nurse have proper access to your
bottom so that she can take a nice big sample from you." There was of course no
question that Penny did not have proper access; Hazel was well aware that her
finger had penetrated him up to the hilt.



Hazel placed her other hand upon his tummy and ran her smooth fingers up over
his chest until she located one of his nipples. Without warning she squeezed
hard capturing the nub of flesh between finger and thumb. At the same time she
squeezed his testicles, watching for his reaction.

She was not disappointed; he gasped; opening his mouth wide as her fingers
pinched his nipple and her other hand pulled his scrotum away from his body.

"There, poor baby... it will soon be over.. be a brave boy now." Timothy was
beside himself with sensation.

Embarrassed, humiliated and sexually aroused, her words fuelled his shame and
his arousal.



"Arggggggggggghhhhhhhhhh.... Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh... please." Timothy cried
out in a long wail as Penny cleverly manipulated his penis, while at the same
time curling her finger upwards inside him and firmly massaging his prostate.



Vickie reached for the test tube, which had been placed on the shelf behind her.
She knew that it would only be seconds before the boy reached his orgasm. She
positioned the wide opening of the glass container close to the tip of his
penis, watching, fascinated by the deft strokes of Penny's hand.

Hazel casually continued to handle his testicles, gently squeezing and massaging
the soft orbs between her fingers.



The tell-tale signs of his impending ejaculation came when Penny felt the boy's
muscles tense, his whole body suddenly stiffened as if he had been electrocuted.
His mouth was wide open as the first spurts of semen erupted from his penis.
Vickie skilfully caught the thick fluid, moving the test tube nearer as the boy
continued to ejaculate. Penny's slender fingers worked incessantly extracting
huge eruptions of semen. There seemed no respite for him as she worked her hand
up and down his shaft; her finger probing deep inside him, spurring him on to
further ejaculation.



"Arrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhh.... Arggghh... ooooooohhhhh oooooooowwww." His
wail of utter abandonment filled the small examination room. His chest heaved as
his breathing became laboured and desperate.

"Arrggghhhh... er.... Pleasee.... er nnnooooo..." He was beside himself with
acute sensation as Penny executed a series of quick milking motions to his
penis, while at the same time jabbing her finger hard against his prostate.

"Arrrrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh." Timothy was almost blinded with exquisite
sexual sensation, his body held captive and seemingly suspended in time by his
prolonged tormented ejaculation.

His ears were ringing and a red mist had appeared in front of his eyes, clouding
his vision... his nerves stretched so tightly that he felt he would faint.

Penny slowed her hand, squeezing the last globules of semen from the tip of his
penis, nonchalantly bending his penis downwards to wipe the tip against the rim
of the test tube.

Hazel saw that the boy was near to fainting an motioned to Penny who neatly
slipped her finger from his bottom and helped Hazel support his shivering body.

Vickie put the stop on the test tube and helped Hazel and Penny with the
distraught young boy.

They laid him, face up, on the examination table... their hands gently stroking
him as he gasped for breath, his moans diminishing as they quieted him. Hazel
gently kissed him on the lips as Penny and Vickie gently stroked their hands
over his young body.

They left him, dazed and drained upon the table, his breathing becoming more
even as he rested. Vickie picked up a towel from the well-stocked shelves and
leaving it half unfolded, placed it over his hips, covering his penis and
testicles.

Timothy closed his eyes, he could hear their footsteps as they walked from the
room, but his body had drifted into a lethargic repose. For a while his
embarrassment and anguish had left him as he drifted into a light sleep.





It must have been half an hour or so, before he was aware that Vickie was
leaning over him, her pretty face only inches from his as he opened his eyes.
"Poor baby, are you awake now?" Her voice was soft and gentle. "I am going to
let Susan and Gail bring you a nice glass of orange juice, so you just lie there
and relax."

Even in his torpid state, Timothy quickly glanced down at himself; reassuringly
the towel was still covering his hips. Vickie kissed him gently on the cheek,
causing him to blush at the intimacy of the gesture.

He was about to ask if he could get dressed, but Vickie had turned and walked
out of the room before he could utter the words. He lay, looking up at the
bright lights that illuminated the table his mind mulling over the
embarrassments and indignities of the day.




Part 4



"Oh dear Timothy, you have been through it haven't you. Just lift your head a
little and take a sip of this." It was Susan's voice that had wakened him from
his reverie. She was standing to his left side, while Gail had gone around the
linen covered examination table and was now looking down at him, her expression
soft and tender.. Timothy looked at Susan, his eyes focussing as she leaned
forward and placed her hand under the back of his head. Gently she lifted him,
her hand sensuously stroking the hairs at the nape of his neck as she proffered
the cool drink to his parched lips. He could not help glance down at his body,
reassuring himself that he was properly covered as he sipped the fresh orange
juice.

"Thank you, er... Susan." Timothy replied as he finished the glass. For some
reason, perhaps it was his vulnerable position, he felt uneasy at calling her
Susan.



During the time he had known both Mrs. Grant and Susan, Timothy had never felt
particularly at ease. Mrs Grant had always praised him for his usefulness and
willingness around the house; this had bolstered his ego and made him feel more
grown up, but her - and her daughters beauty, had still made him feel awkward
and somewhat in awe of them both.

Since the embarrassing and humiliating events of the day, Timothy, unconsciously
perhaps, had felt a shift in their relationship. Laying on the examination couch
as he now was, naked except for the strip of towel that covered his loins, he
felt that Susan was in a much more authoritative position.

Whereas Timothy had always been in awe of Gail, as had most of the other boys in
his school, his embarrassment in her presence now was so acute as that he could
not control the deep blush and tremor that ran through his whole body, each time
he looked at her.



She spoke softly to him and gently placing her hand on his cheek, turning his
head towards her. "Well do you feel any better Timothy? Mrs. Grant says that
your condition would have been quite painful for you, had not the doctor
diagnosed what was wrong with you and emptied your testicles. Would you like me
to have a look and see if they are still swollen?"

Gail thought that the look of anguish on the boy's face was so exquisite that
she felt a thrill run through her body, as she held his head so that he could
not avoid her gaze.

"Ohhh er noooo... er miss." He stammered quickly.

"I am fine er, please... honestly" Gail felt the heat of his cheek against the
palm of her hand as the boy began to tremble visibly, his face becoming mass of
red and purple botches.

"Well if you are sure." She replied coolly. "I wouldn't want to think that any
friend of mine was in pain." Timothy looked at her incredulously. He could not
believe that he could feel so utterly humiliated... and yet there was something
in her words... 'a friend of mine'... that would normally have been music to his
ears, had he not been in such a humiliating position.

Gail leaned over and suddenly kissed him on the cheek. She had applied fresh
makeup and perfume, her beauty and the heady aroma of the Chanel No. 5 perfume
causing the boy to feel even more in awe of her, as she held her face close to
his. Such was his embarrassment that he would have not been able to look at her
had she not been holding his head between both hands.

"My you are a shy boy aren't you? I suppose that it must be quite embarrassing
having a pretty young nurse like Penny holding your penis and testicles and
making you ejaculate,"

Gail watched him closely as she spoke; her words designed to deliberately
subjugate the boy. The blood rushed to his cheeks; his face was a picture of
pure anguish as she looked into his eyes.

Susan turned her head as the young nurse walked back into the room; she smiled
at her, a knowing look upon her pretty face.

Timothy turned his head towards her, little knowing that his further humiliation
was imminent.



"Right young man," Penny said brightly as she stood by the bed next to his hips.
"I think you should be well rested by now."

It was all Timothy could do not to faint with utter horror as Penny nonchalantly
took away the towel that was covering his hips. Before he could protest she had
lifted one of his legs and placed it in the stirrup. Moving quickly around to
the other side of the examination table she carefully lifted his other leg and
placed it in the second stirrup.



"Oooh... er please er.. nurse... not  again   and er... not with..."



Timothy was absolutely shocked; his protestations unheeded as the young nurse
moved to the end of the table and pushed the stirrups up towards his hips.
Deftly she positioned the apparatus, bending his knees back and parting his
thighs until his legs were splayed wide open and high in the air.

Timothy could not help quickly looking at Gail and Susan who, to his horror,
were both looking down at his shaven and bared genitals.



"Now let's have a look at you." Penny said brightly as she casually placed her
hand between his legs and cupped his testicles in the palm of her hand.

"Er pleeeease... er miss... er not with... I mean... can't I.. er be more."



Both Susan and Gail knew exactly what Timothy must have been feeling. After all,
it was highly unusual for a boy to be seen naked in front of young girls only a
little older than himself.



Penny had ignored his pleading completely, instead taking the soft flesh of his
penis in her other hand; she placed it so that it was lying upwards towards his
naval; the soft flesh already beginning to stiffen at the touch of her cool
fingers.

Timothy trembled with anguish, acutely aware of his nakedness. He could not
control the feeling of utter anguish as the nurse blatantly exposed him to the
gaze of the two young girls.



He turned his head, pressing his face into the pillow, as the nurse casually let
her hand slide in between the cheeks of his bottom. He felt her pry the buttocks
apart, acutely aware of her breath against the inside of his thigh as she leaned
forward to examine his sphincter.

Gail and Susan watched, fascinated by the intimate view of his most personal
parts. Susan could see the boy's distress as he lay with his head turned into
the fabric of the pillow. She knew he was utterly embarrassed, but her thrill at
having his naked body prostrate before her, far outweighed the pity she felt for
him.



Timothy heard, the footsteps of Vickie and Hazel as they returned to the
examination room. He pressed his face further into the pillow as they walked to
stand beside Penny. It was Hazel that spoke first, her words and actions causing
the boy to shudder with anguish.

"Come along Timothy, you can't bury your head in the pillow like that, it will
give you a stiff neck. Stop being such a baby and lay properly." She accompanied
her words with a firm slap to the soft flesh of his rudely exposed bottom
cheeks.



"Now come along... behave yourself." The girls saw that his eyes were glistening
with tears of humiliation as he turned his blushing face towards Hazel.

"There that's better. I know it must seem a bit traumatic for you, so I have
asked the nurse to let your friends stay and hold your hands while she extracts
some more semen from you."



Timothy did not know where to put himself. Having Susan and Gail witness his
utter humiliation was the very last thing he wanted. He was quaking with
embarrassment as both girls looked at him. His body was covered in goose pimples
and his knees were quivering in the stirrups as Penny casually pried open his
buttocks once more and pressed a lubricated finger up against his tightly
constricted sphincter.



"Take a deep breath for me sweetheart." She said, her voice soft and gentle but
at the same time, brooking no nonsense. Timothy gasped aloud, as her finger
pressed against the opening, suddenly sliding upwards in a deft and practiced
manoeuvre  "Argggggggghhhhhhhhh. Ooooooooooohhhh." It was a combination of
humiliation and helplessness that caused him to shudder at his intimate
impalement. His body twisting to evade her slender finger as it travelled
upwards inside him.

"Ooops there we are, that wasn't so bad was it sweetie?" Penny's tone and words
adding further humiliation to her unconcerned impalement of his bottom.



"Ooooohhhhhhhhhh....oooooohhh." He cried as Susan and Gail simultaneously took
his hands and held him tight.



Vickie Grant knew that sooner or later that Gail and possibly her daughter would
be getting their hands upon the boy. For that reason she had decided to make her
masturbation of the boy a model demonstration of skill. Rather than just take
hold of his penis, which was already beginning to engorge, she gently let her
fingernails graze up over the skin of the shaft and on to the semi-exposed head.
Skilfully she tapped the burgeoning flesh with her fingers, moving the penis
from side to side, letting it roll on his tummy.

Every so often she would punctuate her actions with a gentle squeeze, causing
the boy to gasp. She knew that the girls were watching her every move as his
penis throbbed upwards, lifting away from his tummy and standing straight up in
the air, unaided by her hands.

She began to pat the erected flesh, letting it wobble from side to side, until
she saw it begin to throb violently of it's own volition. She stood back and
took a tube of lubricant from the shelf; unscrewing the cap she applied a
generous amount of the cool gel to her hands.



Both Susan and Gail watched avidly as Vickie took a firm hold of his penis. She
pulled the foreskin back and held the exposed head upwards. The girls watched,
in absolute fascination as she flattened her other hand and began to slowly move
the palm in a circular motion over the very tip of his penis.

The effect was startling; Timothy began to squirm and move his hips in a violent
gyration, desperately trying to escape the acute sensation being applied to the
tip of his penis.

Casually she stretched the foreskin back as tightly as it would go, seemingly
indifferent to the boy's anguished attempts to escape. Vickie knew exactly the
effect the slow measured circular movement of the palm of her hand would have
against the tip of his penis.

Penny increased the pressure of her finger against his prostate, seemingly
oblivious to the boy's protestations.



"Argggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." He cried as he tossed his head from side
to side.

His movements were to no avail as Vickie held his penis firmly, her grip
increasing as his penis throbbed with even greater vigour. Timothy could not
cope with intensity of the sensations that coursed through his body. It seemed
as if his whole nervous system was stretched tight like a violin string. The
feeling in the tip of his penis was so acute as to be unbearable. It was
tantamount to sensual torture, expertly and deftly applied to his most sensitive
flesh.



Penny was also watching Vickie at work, admiring the causal way in which she had
aroused the young boy. She began to move her finger quickly over his prostate,
eliciting further moans from the young boy.



"Arggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.... er pleeeeaaase" He was
beside himself with anguish, as Vickie and Penny confidently aroused him to a
fine fever pitch.

Both, Susan and Gail found that they had to hold his hands and his arms firmly
to keep him from rearing up from the bed, as Vickie continued her manipulation
of his penis.



Susan looked to her mother in admiration and awe. "Does that hurt him, mummy...
I mean when you rub your hand over his penis like that?



Vickie looked at the fascination on her young daughters face as she spoke.

"No it doesn't hurt, but the sensation can be quite intense." She turned to look
at the boy's anguished face, his embarrassment clear for all to see. "There my
sweet Timothy, don't worry, I won't hurt you I promise. I am just going to make
you ejaculate now, so be good and try and relax for me."



Hazel took a test tube from the shelf and moved to stand by the opposite side of
the bed to where Vickie was standing. Nonchalantly she reached forward and
cupping her hand around the boy's testicles, lifted them away from between his
legs. Her manicured fingers curled around the swollen testes as she moved the
test-tube nearer his penis. She did not have to wait long, as suddenly his body
stiffened; the muscles of his legs and stomach knotting into a trancelike state
as he wailed uncontrollably.



"Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh
h." His anguished cry filled the room as Hazel cleverly caught the first mighty
spurt of semen in her test tube. It seemed that his anguish and utter
abandonment meant nothing to his sexual tormenters, Casually, almost callously;
they stimulated his most sensitive areas to the extreme... ignoring his pleas
and his distress.

Gail looked on, completely mesmerised by the almost 'matter of fact' way that
the boy's body was being stimulated. She turned her head to look at his face.
His mouth was wide open and he was gasping for breath; his eyes stared blindly,
in shock at his treatment.



"There... poor baby, it will all be over soon," she coo-ed softly, bending her
head towards his. Whether it was some inherent knowledge buried deep in her
psyche or mere impulsiveness she did not know, but her own actions surprised
her. Without warning, she placed her hand over his right nipple, at the same
time she pressed her lips to his - and kissed him. Her tongue deliberately
thrust deep into his mouth, mirroring the impalement of his bottom as she
stifled his anguished moans,

Robbing him of breath at the moment of ejaculation seemed to incense the boy
even more, as at the same time she squeezed his nipple hard between her finger
and thumb.



Hazel watched the young girl's actions, becoming aware that Gail's understanding
of the boy's psyche was far more knowledgeable than she had first imagined it
could be. She watched as Gail released his lips, hearing the boy groan inwardly
at his desperation for air.



Spurt after spurt of semen entered the glass container, his emission so violent
that she was hardly able to catch it all. Penny could feel his sphincter
squeezing violently against her finger as they forced his ejaculation



It seemed an age before the boy stopped ejaculating. His hips writhed in utter
abandonment and his body shivered and trembled with his violent and anguished
orgasm.

Eventually they slowed their hands to a calm, almost caressing motion, as his
body suddenly went limp. Vickie was not surprised to see that he had fainted.
Letting go of his penis, she drew Gail aside and placed her head against his
chest, hearing the raised and violent heartbeat loud within his chest. She
gently stroked her hands over his chest and tummy, watching as Hazel let go of
the boy and began to run her hands gently over his thighs and legs to stimulate
his circulation.



There was a loud sucking sound as Penny withdrew her finger from deep inside his
bottom. She smiled at Vickie and Hazel as she spoke.



"Well I think we have extracted the most semen I have ever seen in one
ejaculation. It must have been an acute sensation, I think that that was only
the fourth time he has ejaculated in his life."

Vickie smiled at Penny, her beautiful features showing merriment as she replied.

"Yes, I think you are right, I imagine that some people have lived their whole
lives without experiencing something as intense as that, no wonder he couldn't
cope."



Well he has plenty more to come. From what Lucy...er, I mean Dr. Ashford has
told me, he is manufacturing semen quite prolifically for such a young boy. I
think, unless she resorts to drugs or some kind of operation, that he will have
to be er... milked on a regular basis." Penny's use of the word milked amused
Vickie as she carefully lifted one of the boy's eyelids and carefully examined
the pupil before letting it close again.



"Well I think we will let him rest and mark up these test tubes." Vickie said
brightly.

"Oh I forgot to say," Penny said as she casually took his now flaccid penis
between finger and thumb and wiped the last remnant of semen from the tip.

"Dr. Ashford said that it would not be necessary to collect samples, er... I
mean in the test tubes each time he is er... milked. She said random samples
will be fine and that she recommends that his testicles are kept to a
comfortable size and that his prostate is massaged as regularly as possible. She
will make arrangements to see him as soon as she can."



Hazel looked enquiringly at Penny. "Does that mean that we will have to do that
ourselves... or will a nurse be coming.?"

Penny looked thoughtful. "Well I have promised Dr. Ashford that I will come as
often as I can and I think that Tina is on the list to visit... however I think
she means for you to check him and er... empty him whenever you think that he
needs it. Will that be alright." Penny looked questioningly at Vickie and Hazel.

"That will be fine." Vickie interjected. "It does make it a lot easier that I
don't have to take samples in a container every time... and as we are nearly at
the start of the holidays, I am sure that Hazel and I can manage him fine."



She turned to Gail and Susan. "Let's leave him to rest, he is alright, just
exhausted from his ordeal. "Remember the sensation of release is new to him,
having never ejaculated before. We can all go and have a glass of wine if you
would like." She turned to Gail,



"It is a bit late, would you like to stay the night? Susan has a twin bedded
room, so you will be quite comfortable."

"Yes, if that is alright. I don't like driving at night and I have only had the
car for six weeks, so I would be grateful to stay. Do you mind if Susan and I
stay with Timothy? We can take his legs out of the stirrups when he wakes up."



Vickie smiled with delight at Gail's reply; Susan could not have a better friend
she thought as she answered her.

"Of course Gail, I will leave you both with him, I am sure he will be pleased to
have some company.



The girls gave each other a knowing look as Hazel, penny and Mrs. Grant left the
room. It was not long before they were standing either side of the young boy.
There hands roamed freely over his body as they examined every inch of him. It
was in absolute silence that Gail, looked the boy over. She examined his face
closely, her finger trailing down his cheek and around his jaw line. Her hands
caressed him gently as she ran them over his chest and down onto his tummy. She
walked around the stirrup and stood between his widely spread legs. Gently she
eased his buttocks apart and peered at his neat sphincter, her hand trailing
between the pliant cheeks of his bottom. Last in line for her inspection was his
genitalia.

Although his penis was flaccid, it was still engorged and lay flat and plump,
hanging down between his legs. Slowly almost reverently she took his testicles
in one hand and lifted his penis up with the other, examining every detail.



"These are mine." She whispered, grinning mischievously at Susan as she toyed
with the boy's genitals. "He is perfect, isn't he?" Susan looked at Gail and
spoke quite seriously.

"He has the most perfect body of any boy I have ever seen. Not a blemish on his
skin, his proportions are absolutely exquisite." Gail nodded. "I promise you
Susan, that I am going to take very good care of him, when I get my chance. The
only thing wrong with him at the moment is that he is not blushing with
embarrassment. I think he looks so pretty when he blushes."

Susan looked across at her friend, her face wrinkling prettily as she spoke.
"Well I suppose if you have your way, he will be blushing one long blush for the
rest of his life." Gail looked up, her face suddenly turning to a serious
expression. "I shall make sure of it, I promise."









Sometime later after Penny had left the house, Timothy was gently woken up by
Hazel and handed a cup of tea by Mrs. Grant. The girls had already released him
from the stirrups and to his relief Mrs Grant covered his genitals with a towel
while he drank his tea.

"Right Timothy, up you get, you can go into the sitting room and sit with Susan
and Gail, while Mrs. Grant and I tidy this room up a little."

Timothy blushed as Hazel casually took the towel from him and helped him from
the bed. It was a few minutes before she glanced around to see him standing by
the door clasping his hands to his genitals. Hazel looked at him crossly. "Are
you still here, I thought I told you to go into the sitting room."

Timothy began to stammer. "But I think my shirt is still in the bathroom."



"You can get that later. It is getting cooler in here and I don't want you to
catch a cold, so go into the sitting room like a good boy." Hazel's voice
sounded cross as she turned back to the examination couch and took the other
side of the sheet that Vickie was holding. Together they pulled it tightly
across the surface of the examination table and tucked it in so that the
material was smooth and neat across the surface.

Hazel looked around at Timothy once more, her expression darkening as she saw
him standing there cowering. "I am sorry Vickie," She said to Mrs grant, "I
shall have to deal with this." She turned once more to the boy and took his arm
in a firm grip. "I warned you Timothy, not to disobey me." Timothy looked up at
her beautiful face, his lips trembling as she scolded him. "If you don't go now
I shall punish you right in front of everyone... and you wouldn't like that
would you?"

Timothy blushed profusely, his cheeks reddening to a dark hue and tears
appearing in his eyes. "Please er Misss... errr... please let mee er have my
shirt."

It was obvious to him that he should not have spoken. Hazel suddenly turned him
around and quickly smacked him three times on his bottom.

"Now are you going to obey me?" She asked, her voice slow and measured.

"Oh pleeasse miss err Hazel." Timothy looked up at her pleadingly.

Whether or not the boy was going to plead again for his shirt, Hazel did not
wait to find out. She tightened her grip on his arm and led him from the room.



He was squirming like an eel, his knees pressed tightly together and his hands
grasped tightly to his groin as he entered the sitting room. His face was
already red and blushing as Hazel tightened her grip on his arm and marched him
to stand in the middle of the room. Vickie followed behind; intrigued to see how
she would handle him.

Susan and Gail were sitting on the settee as they watched Hazel almost drag the
boy into the centre of the room. Gail could clearly see tears in his eyes as
Hazel made him stand in front of them.

"My you are a naughty boy. What on earth is the matter with you?" She looked
down at him, her hands holding him by the shoulders.

"Now stand up straight, while I get a chair. I promised you that if you
disobeyed me one more time, that I would smack your bare bottom in front of
everyone... and that is exactly what I am going to do."

She left Timothy cowering in front of the two girls as she fetched a chair from
the dining table and placed it facing the settee.

She looked at both Susan and Gail as she spoke. "I am sorry Timothy has behaved
so badly, especially when you have all been so kind to him." Without preamble
Hazel sat down on the chair and pulled her skirt up to mid-thigh, before
catching hold of the boy around his waist.

Timothy was beside himself with embarrassment. He could not help quickly looking
at Gail and Susan to see if they were observing his humiliation. He was
mortified as he caught their eyes looking at him



Hazel grasped his hands and with a grip that surprised him as she pulled them
away from his genitals. He had never felt so humiliated as she held him close to
her and placed him over her knees. Taking both wrists she held them up behind
his back, forcing his head further down as she lifted his arms up. Suddenly he
stopped squirming as the sheer futility of his situation became apparent to him.
Tears flooded his eyes as he began to sob and plead.

"Please.... Errr misss...n'not in front of er.."

His sentence was never completed as the first hard smack of Hazel's hand landed
squarely on the cheeks of his bottom.

His embarrassment increased as he felt Hazel relax her knees at the exact time
that the first blow landed, suddenly allowing his genitals to drop down between
her thighs. She squeezed her thighs together, holding his penis and testicles
captive between the soft smooth flesh.

"Pleeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaassssee miss."

He sobbed as Hazel smacked his bottom as hard and as rapidly as she could. The
flesh of his buttocks bounced and shuddered as she calmly delivered smack after
smack upon his bare bottom.

Gail was amazed at the sight before her. She felt a thrill run through her young
body as Hazel methodically reddened every inch of the boy's buttocks. She could
see that already his neck muscles were tightly tensed and his reddened face was
held in a fierce grimace as his punishment progressed.

Almost instinctively, Gail spoke to him, surprising herself as she uttered the
words. "My... Timothy you must have been very disobedient to deserve such a
punishment... is it hurting very much?"

As she spoke, she slid off the settee on to her knees and knelt by his head.
Gently she took his face in her hands and turned it towards her, watching him
flinch and gasp as his bottom was soundly smacked.

"Poor Timothy, how embarrassing for you." Gail's words and touch were too much
for the boy to bear; his anguish knew no bounds as the deliberate and methodical
chastisement of his bottom continued.

What was left of Timothy's self esteem had finally been eroded. For Gail to be
talking to him in normal conversational tones, while his bare bottom was raised
up in the air and being soundly spanked

 "I'mmm.... argghhh... sorreeeee...  argggh... misss."

The tears were flowing down his cheeks as Gail looked into his eyes. She had
never felt such a thrill as she did now, holding his head captive while his
bottom was methodically and comprehensively smacked by his pretty cousin.

"Smaaaacccckk.... Smaaaaaaaccccck....



The punishment continued unabated. Hazel did not seem to be showing any kind of
fatigue; in fact she looked cool and calm as she delivered smack after smack to
his bottom. Vickie looked on at the young boy's punishment.

'My God,' she thought; this young woman certainly does not do anything by
halves.

"Argggggggghhhhhhhhh... pleeeeeease... er no more please." Timothy sobbed,
acutely aware of Gail looking into his eyes... a witness to his utter
humiliation and subjugation.

Gail could not resist further embarrassing him. "Are you going to be a good boy
when this is over Timothy? Hazel is only spanking your bare bottom for your own
good you know. Promise me you will be good Timothy."

Her words further inflamed the boy's sense of shame and despair, plunging his
sensitive emotions into the depths of abject misery.

"Smack... smack... smack... smack... Hazel methodically covered his buttocks
with stinging slaps. Not one inch of his upturned cheeks was spared from her
attentions. He was red from the top of his bottom to the upper part of his
thighs. Her hand had even spanked in-between the crease of his bottom, the
access being made easier as he had moved his hips and legs in frantic gyrations,
vainly hoping to escape the pain of his chastisement.

"Arggggggghhh.... Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease   m''missssssssssss." Timothy
sobbed, his bottom on fire as Hazel calmly administered a comprehensive
spanking. "I promeeeeeeeeeeeees... argggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh....oooooooooooooohhhh
pleeease... n'nooooo mooooooreee"



Suddenly the punishment stopped. Calmly Hazel looked down at his face as Gail
held his head in her hands.

"Well Timothy, have you learned your lesson, or shall I continue, remember I can
easily fetch my strap"

Timothy shuddered and sobbed, his bottom stinging and smarting as if he had been
stung by a swarm of bees.

"Pleeeeeeeeaaaase  nnnooooooooooo missssssssss.I'mmmmm mmm s'ssorry." Timothy
shuddered and sobbed, not just with the pain of his spanking but the utter
humiliation of it all.

"Well then... if you promise, then it is all over." Hazel gently began to stroke
her hand delicately over his bottom. Her fingers trailing between his cheeks and
down in between his thighs. Her touches were soothing and caressing as she spoke
softly to him. "There then my poor baby, it's all over now." She released his
wrists and placed his arms at his sides before stroking her hand over his back,
her other hand gently caressing him between his legs. She listened to his sobs
as she quieted him as one would a young foal.

Gail leaned forward and placed her lips against his cheek, whispering gently.
"My you have had a sound spanking haven't you... poor Timothy, what are we going
to do with you."

Hazel could feel his penis suddenly respond to her soft caresses. She felt a
sudden throb against the inside of her thighs as she squeezed them tightly
together, adding further pressure to his penis. "Right Timothy, I am going to
let you up now. You must not touch your bottom yet... and of course you now know
better than to touch your penis... don't you?"

Timothy blushed, but such was the redness of his cheeks that it would have been
hard to discern were it not for Hazel and Gail's close proximity to the boy.



"I... er... ppromise miss." His body shuddered as he stifled a sob.



"Well come along, let's have you up off my knees." Hazel helped him up, watching
closely as his penis came into view. Although it was not erect it was engorged
and hanging downwards, thick and plump between his legs. Gail noticed it too;
taking both her hands from his face and watching him intently as he stood
upright.



Hazel immediately took hold of his hips and placed him front of her so that his
legs were touching her knees. Timothy stood upright, his hands by his side,
naked and shamefaced as she placed her hand under his chin and looked deep into
his eyes.



Both Susan and Gail watched intently as Hazel spoke firmly but kindly to him.
"Well I think you can start by apologising to every one. You may start with Mrs.
Grant and then Susan and Gail. Go and stand in front of Mrs Grant... off you go
now.



Even Hazel could not have known the extent of the boy's humiliation as he
walked... stiff legged towards Mrs. Grant. He was acutely aware that his penis
was throbbing visibly, but dare not cover himself. He sobbed as he approached
her; standing some way back from her in deference to his modesty. Even that was
not to be allowed as Hazel spoke sternly to him. "Move closer than that... come
along, I want no more of your nonsense." Timothy hung his head in shame and
moved closer to Mrs. Grant who was standing waiting to see what he would do.

Even in her wildest dreams, Vickie would not have believed that she would have
Timothy standing naked before her, compliant, humiliated and subjugated to such
an extent that he would obey her without question.

His lips were trembling as he looked up at her. She could see the embarrassment
and humiliation in his eyes as he spoke to her in trembling voice. "I am so
sorry mMrs. Grant.... I er...promise to be good. He looked down immediately,
acutely aware of his nakedness and the close proximity of his naked body to her.

Vickie did not answer him but instead placed her delicate fingers under his chin
and lifted his head. My you have been in the wars today haven't you Timothy.
Never mind, I am sure you will behave yourself from now on." Before the boy
could move away she deliberately reached forward with her other hand and cupped
his testicles, her cool fingers enveloping his scrotum in a gentle but firm
grip. The young boy gasped in shock as she held him, his face showing his abject
dismay as she looked into his eyes.

Both Susan and Gail were surprised at the familiar way Susan's mother handled
the boy. They looked on with anticipation as Vickie spoke gently to him. "Now
Timothy, you will have to get used to being handled and examined, we all have
your best interests at heart and we mean you no harm. I know that young boys get
embarrassed by having their genitals examined, but it is quite obvious that you
have a problem that must be dealt with."



Rather than let the boy go she took her hand away from his chin and nonchalantly
took hold of his penis. She could feel him shiver as she quickly slid the
foreskin back until it was stretched tight. "Right young man, you don't seem to
be sore, but I do think that your testicles are still quite large and full for
someone your age." She turned her head towards Hazel, who was delighting in her
young charge's humiliation. "I think Hazel that perhaps you should check him
before he goes to bed... If he seems any worse, you might consider emptying his
testicles before he goes to sleep. You don't need to worry about measuring the
amount, I was thinking more for his comfort."



Timothy felt his penis begin to throb as Mrs. Grant casually lifted his erect
flesh and at the same time hefted his testicles, rolling the soft orbs between
her fingers as she deftly slipped his foreskin back up over the rim of his
penis, before patting it softly. She had never felt a penis so engorged and
stiff as it throbbed under her delicate touch. "Right off you go and apologise
to Susan and Gail... and then perhaps you should have an early night."



Timothy was close to fainting with sensation as Vickie let go of him. He blushed
profusely, his whole body colouring up as he turned towards the two young girls.
It was as if he was in a trance as he approached them, their amused expressions
giving him no respite from his humiliating nightmare.

It was Gail he spoke first. Laying her hand gently on his shoulder she drew him
forward.

"Poor baby, I know you are sorry for being a naughty little boy, but we forgive
you don't we Susan?" Susan almost broke out in a giggle as she heard Gail's
words. "Of course we do... but you still have to apologise, doesn't he Hazel?"



Hazel moved to stand behind Timothy; placing one hand on his waist she smacked
him briskly on his bottom. Timothy gasped as he turned his head towards her.
Hazel could see the look of embarrassment and hurt on his face as she spoke to
him. "Now Timothy, place your hands upon your head and stand up straight with
your legs wide apart. " Timothy blushed once more, a tear rolling down his
burning cheek as he quickly put his hands upon his head and shamefacedly moved
his feet until his legs were placed wide apart. "That's better... now I see that
your penis is erect Timothy. Don't you think that that is rather rude behaviour
for a young boy? I think that you ought to apologise to the girls for your rude
behaviour too."

Timothy was almost near to fainting with embarrassment as he turned his head to
face forward and looked at Susan and Gail.

"I am s...soooo sorry ...er miss  er and miss... I am sorry for er... being...
er rude as well... er pleaeeeeeeeease..." Timothy choked on his words and burst
into tears. His humiliation complete as he stood naked and ashamed in front of
the girls. He could not believe his position, naked and fully on display, in
front of the two prettiest girls in his school.



If he had thought that his embarrassment could not get any worse he was in for a
shock as Gail deftly took hold of his penis. "Don't cry Timothy... I know you
are really a good boy. I suppose it is your medical condition that makes this so
stiff." She accented her words by squeezing the shaft of his engorged flesh.
Skilfully she retracted the foreskin at the same time she cupped his testicles
with her other hand. Don't worry, I am sure that everyone will help to make you
better. Just turn around for me so I can have a look at your poor bottom." She
nonchalantly helped him turn by pulling on his penis before letting go of him.



Susan stepped forward as Timothy turned around and placed one hand on each of
his bottom cheeks. "You seem very red." She said, as she spread the cheeks of
his bottom. "Just bend over so I can see you properly, you can take your hands
down and hold your ankles... just as if I was going to smack your bottom for
you." Vickie smiled as she watched her daughter manipulate the boy to ever
further degrees of embarrassment. She looked on, rather taken aback by the
confident way her daughter parted the young boys buttocks, her young hands
roaming over his flesh before slipping her fingers between the pliant cheeks of
his bottom, making him gasp with the intimate contact. Susan smoothed her
fingers between the crevice before sliding her hand between his legs and
grasping his testicles. She slid the other hand around his waist and took a firm
hold of his erect penis. She ignored the boy's protestations as she handled him
with a deft familiarity. "I agree with mummy, I think Hazel ought to milk you
again when you get home... after all, your penis must hurt with being so stiff
and straight."



Timothy began to shiver, the sexual sensation making him feel near to
ejaculating as Susan casually played with his genitals as if it was a completely
normal occurrence. Gasping and groaning he endured her intimate examination of
his body as he stood bent over with his hands grasping his ankles. He shivered
and shook his mind in turmoil at the embarrassment and humiliations of the day.



It was another fifteen minutes before the boy was led, embarrassed and blushing
down the garden path towards his home. His penis still stiff and engorged
tenting the tee shirt that Hazel had clothed him in. He had followed obediently
as Hazel walked in front of him, opening the door of their cottage and beckoning
him through.





Now as he laid in bed he contemplated the events of the day, blushing as each
embarrassing episode ran through his mind. Hazel had bathed him, making him
stand in the bathtub as she had washed his body. Her hands had delved into every
crevice, her thoroughness sparing him no modesty. His penis and genitals as well
as the sensitive opening of his sphincter had been carefully soaped and washed.



He had been laid in bed naked, the blankets drawn down to his knees. Hazel had
told him to just relax and that she would be back later. Timothy could not help
himself as his thoughts turned to the humiliations he had suffered. Over and
over he replayed the most embarrassing moments, his face blushing an ever deeper
red. It was not long before Hazel returned. To his surprise she had changed into
a white tunic dress, very similar to those worn by cosmeticians and dental
nurses. She was carrying a metal bowl in which were jars of moisturising creams
and tubes of lubricants. She placed the bowl on the floor by the side of the bed
and sat on the edge looking down at him.



He could not help but blush once more as she examined his nakedness. "Right
young man, I am going to milk you of anything you have left in these testicles
of yours." Casually she leaned forward and lifted his scrotum away from his
body. Timothy gasped at the cool and sudden touch of her fingers upon his body
and the humiliation of her words. It was only the thought of another
chastisement that kept him from clasping his hands to his groin. He shivered as
she gently placed her other hand between his thighs and moved his legs apart.



"Now just lie still, and I will attend to you. Just put your hands behind your
head, there... that's the way." The next moments were composed of acute
embarrassment and bliss, as gently she leaned forward and blew gently on his
penis, watching as the flesh slowly became engorged and turgid. He closed his
eyes as her gentle fingers caressed him until he was fully erect. Without
warning she leaned forward and kissed him full on the lips, her tongue invaded
his mouth sending him into ecstasy as her hand stretched the skin of his
foreskin down the shaft until it was stretched tight. Suddenly she pulled away
from him, seeing his mouth sag open with acute sensation. There my baby... lie
still... just part your legs a little more... there... that's the way.



He felt her hands leave his body and heard the unscrewing of jar tops and caps
before suddenly gasping as he felt a lubricated finger slip between the cheeks
of his bottom. His eyes flew wide open as deftly she slid her finger up into his
bottom. He gasped. "Arggggghhhhhhhhh... oooooooooOOOOH... er miss" as
Hazelslipped her finger further up into him, finding the soft pliant flesh of
his prostate gland. "Just lie still, there's a good boy." She cooed as she
slipped her other lubricated hand around the hardened flesh of his penis.



She leaned over his and whispered softly. "Just relax now... it will all be over
soon." Her soft voice and sweet scent played havoc with his feelings, as did the
soft hands that probed inside his bottom and over the very tip of his penis.
Skilfully and diligently she milked him, her finger applying a firm pressure and
motion to his prostrate as her fingers moved over his penis, pulling his
foreskin up and down over the corona of his sensitive flesh. "Now then, I want a
nice big ejaculation from you... so open your legs wider and relax." Timothy had
begun tossing his head from side to side; such was the intensity of her
caresses.



Suddenly he felt his penis throb uncontrollably; he squeezed his eyes shut as he
felt the impending ejaculation. Hazel felt it too and suddenly jabbed her finger
hard against his prostate as she began to milk him faster and faster. His hips
reared up as the first spurts of semen sprang from the tip of his penis.

"argggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...oooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Timothy
thrashed his head from side to side as the intensity of the orgasm took over his
body from any coherent movement. "There my baby... what a good little boy you
are... let me just have a little more." Hazel's finger stroked over his prostate
before jabbing hard at the sensitive gland, her deliberate firmness in contrast
to the softly spoken words, as she watched the young boy writhing in torment
from her ministrations.

"There we are," she said brightly. "Lets just squeeze the last drops from you...
then it's all over. My you have been a good boy!" Timothy gulped for air as he
felt her finger roam inside his bottom and her delicate fingers slide up the
shaft of his penis, ejecting the last drops of semen from him. She withdrew her
finger gently from his bottom and let go of his penis. Taking the towel she
wiped his tummy and folded it before wiping it between his legs as if he was a
baby. She drew up the covers and kissed him tenderly on the lips. There... my
poor baby; it's been an exhausting day for you.... Never mind just lie back and
go to sleep."



Before he could collect his senses she had left the room and turned the lights
out.




Part 5

Gail and Susan were lounging, rather than sitting, on the opulent white leather
corner-suite that occupied a large area of the Old Rectory's sitting room. The
stone-built Rectory was a huge building, a testament to the affluent days of the
clergy. It had been bought by Gail's great grandfather after he had started the
family business of auctioneers and estate agents.
The business had flourished and had soon become one of Europe's largest and most
respected companies. The Goodman family, although certainly one of the country's
richest families, were well liked and well respected within the rural community
of Lincolnshire.
Constance Goodman was a woman of quite outstanding beauty and grace. Her
eclectic conversational skills and fluency in several languages made her a
natural choice as the county's principal socialite.

 Mrs Goodman was a keen and well organised charity worker as well as a local
magistrate. There was not a charity ball, Gymkhana or cocktail party held within
the county that she did not organise. Her social skills were such, that most of
her time was taken up with her good works. She employed two secretaries, as well
as a housekeeper, a cook and two maids. Her household staff enabled her to
delegate a considerable amount of the work, as well as always being prepared for
entertaining, visiting dignitaries or friends, at a moments notice. She saw very
little of her husband, who travelled almost constantly between the various
branches of the company throughout Europe and the Middle East. However their
marriage was a happy combination of individual interests, punctuated by carefree
holidays at home and abroad.

Constance entered the sitting room, smiling at the two girls as she sat upon an
ornate Georgian chair, facing her daughter and Susan. She turned her head as
Ami, the younger of the two maids, entered with a tray of cocktails. She watched
as the pretty young maid bent over to place the tray upon the low coffee table
situated in front of her. Constance noted the sexy appearance of the young maid,
wondering if perhaps the pleated skirt of her uniform was perhaps a little short
for the outward conformity of the household.
She smiled at the girl, who curtsied prettily before turning to leave the room.
"Thank you Ami." She said as the girl walked daintily to the door.
"You are welcome Ma'am." Ami's well modulated voice called back as she exited
the room.
Constance looked thoughtfully at the two girls as she leaned forward and poured
some of the contents of the ornate cocktail pitcher into the three sliver
stemmed glasses. "Well from what you both tell me I think that Timothy must be a
very special looking boy... and I am sure that Susan must have the same
discerning taste as yourself Gail, that is if you mean to pursue everything that
you have told me. I remember meeting Timothy's mother at a small charity
gathering that we had here. I remember thinking that she had a fragile beauty
that is quite at odds with the look of a lot of the ladies that we usually meet
at these sort of functions. She was well educated and well read, if I remember
her correctly. I hope that she is soon able to recover from her illness."
Constance watched as her daughter picked up two of the drinks, passing one to
Susan. She looked closely at her daughter and friend, admiring the beauty of
both of the girls as they sipped their drinks.
Deep in thought, she looked out of the open French Windows towards the ornate
pool area, watching the strong morning sunlight dance on the clear water of the
kidney shaped pool.
Constance had not been shocked at the knowledge of what the two girls had been
up to over the last few days, nor at the candid and detailed account of how they
felt sexually, at being intimately involved in not only Timothy's therapy, but
his chastisement and subjugation.
What had surprised her, although not to any great extent, was their own calm and
clinical assessment of their intimate sexual excitement in having a boy under
their control. Constance smiled as she remembered Gail asking whether she
thought that her excitement was a sign that she was a dominatrix.


Constance allowed them to drink their drinks without further conversation. She
had wondered how long it would be before her daughter would perhaps demonstrate
a sexual trait that she herself had kept so well hidden from the outside world.
She had not known for certain, but small incidents over the last few years had
made Constance suspect, that perhaps her daughter was inheriting more of herself
than just her beauty.
Constance had indulged herself freely, if not openly, in her sexual desires. She
thought back to the previous evening, when her daughter had stayed at Susan's
house. She closed her eyes for a moment as she relished the visual image. She
had stood looking down at Ami. The maid's naked body was being held face down,
and spread-eagled across the massage table. Her secretaries, Pat and Geraldene,
were each holding one of the girl's legs as Jessica held her arms stretched
forward. Constance had already delivered four stokes of the cane across the
trembling girl's naked buttocks. She had cruelly let the pain be absorbed into
the gentle writhing of the young girl's body before she had quickly delivered
the last two stinging strokes. She shivered as she remembered quickly delving
her hand between the young maid's legs, eagerly thrusting her fingers into the
softness of the open moist vagina and frigging her to a prolonged and relentless
orgasm.
Now, she thought... as she looked across at her daughter, it seems that Gail has
found her own playmate.








Breaking the quietness of the moment Constance spoke. "So you are having him
here today, while Vickie Grant takes Hazel over to Grantham for some shopping
and then dinner... and you say a nurse is coming here to er... relieve him of
his semen?" She smiled at her own loss of words as both Gail and Susan grinned
at her. Well I suppose that I will be able to have a good look at this young
man... and see whether he is worthy of you both."
Gail could not help laughing as she spoke her mother. "You will be able to get
an absolutely first class view of him, as we will be using the main bathroom and
your massage table... so I it will be quite natural for you to walk in at
anytime." Constance laughed, knowing that her daughter knew exactly what she
meant.
"I could ask Pat and Geraldene to give you a hand if you would like, I am sure
that they would be quite delighted to have a handsome young man at their mercy."
Constance laughed as the thought of her two young secretaries ministering to the
naked young boy.
Gail laughed, displaying her perfectly white teeth between her beautifully made
up lips. "I am sure they would... and I don't think that that is such an
outlandish idea... after all they are most discreet and very attractive. Any way
they will probably see him in the pool as I don't intend that he will be allowed
to keep his swimming trunks on all day." Gail looked at her mother seriously for
a moment. "I am going to be very careful... I cannot help the excitement I feel
having him under control, but I promise to temper it with love and affection,
after all I am going to look after him all his life... although he doesn't know
it yet."
Constance smiled. She was quite confident of her daughter's standards of
humanitarianism and knew that she would have already thought things through.
Gail smiled again as she continued. "There is one thing I am thankful for and
that is that I have plenty of money to provide for whatever I need."

Constance laughed at her lovely daughter. "Well, your own inheritance from your
Grandfather is over twelve million and is growing nicely... and then of course
it looks like Charlotte is already going to be equally as successful in the
business as your father is, so I think your shares will bring in you so much
money that you will never have to touch your capital, however much you decide to
spend."
Susan laughed as she spoke, punching Gail lightly on her arm. "You really are a
little rich girl aren't you? But I must say you are the nicest little rich girl
I know." Both girls laughed as they relaxed against the huge cushions of the
leather suite. Constance got up from her chair, her lithe and well toned body
was graceful in movement, "Come along you two.. it is nearly half past nine.  We
need to make sure that you are ready with everything for when the nurse
arrives... and of course you will want to look your best for Timothy."

The day had already been full of embarrassment for Timothy. He had been woken by
Hazel with morning tea and left to drink it while she had run a bathtub of
water. She had dressed in a smart suit which accented her figure beautifully.
Her makeup had been applied perfectly and her hair shone with health as passed
by the window upon re-entering the bedroom.
"Now Timothy, hop out of bed, I am going to give you a thorough wash from top to
bottom.  I want no nonsense from you as I will not be with you today. So I am
going to ensure that every inch of you is squeaky clean. Timothy blushed as he
looked up at his cousin. Her beauty overwhelmed him, making him feel awkward and
gauche. He was acutely aware of his morning erection and of his nakedness
beneath the covers of his bed.
"Come along... up you get." Without waiting, she flipped his bed covers,
exposing his naked body to her gaze. Timothy responded almost automatically, his
hands shot down to his groin, clasping his genitals as Hazel looked him up and
down. "Come along... I want you in the bathroom now." She ignored his blushing
face and his abject embarrassment as he lay upon his side with his hands clasped
to his groin and his knees pulled up, vainly trying to hide his naked body from
her.
Without further comment she turned and walked into the bathroom, hearing his
movements as he struggled from the bed.

She watched as he entered the bathroom. His hands were clasped to his groin and
his knees were pressed closely together as he teetered rather than walked
through the door. She looked at his naked body, admiring the perfect physique.
Not too muscular and yet firm with a natural tone. Perfectly proportioned, she
thought as she moved towards him. She moved towards him and immediately slapped
him hard across the cheeks of his bottom. She watched him blush guiltily as she
pulled his hands away from his body and propelled him towards the bath. She saw
to her delight that his penis was fully erect, wobbling up and down as she
manoeuvred him into the warm water. "Stand up straight facing me with your hands
clasped on top of your head." She stood back as she spoke and watched with
delight as awkwardly and with a shiver of shame he obeyed her instructions.
She stood for several minutes examining his body in minute detail. She felt a
thrill run through her body as she realised that she had complete control and
authority over him. His naked body was hers to do as she pleased.

His embarrassment and humility seemed to add to her excitement as she leisurely
examined every inch of him. His penis throbbed visibly and his body trembled as
she prolonged his humiliating examination.

He watched in shame as she took off her suit jacket, revealing the crisp white
cotton shirt she wore beneath. He could not help but look at her large firm
breasts as they pressed against the sheer cotton. He blushed once more as she
reached for the rubber apron that hung behind the bathroom door, pulling it over
her head and tying the canvas tape tightly around her trim waist she looked
sternly at him.

He shuddered involuntarily as at last she moved towards the bath and, stretching
out her arm, she placed the fingers of her hand between his legs and cupped his
testicles. He could not help the gasp of pure anguish that escaped from his lips
as she held his testicles. Moving closer she delicately took hold of his penis
between her finger and thumb. "Now Timothy, look at me and tell me, why your
penis is erect like this.
She felt him shiver as he looked into her eyes, his face colouring to a deep
crimson. He felt utterly humiliated as he stammered a reply. "I'm er... sorry er
miss. I don't mean it to... it just er.. happened.. er sometimes miss.. er in
the morning it er.. happens." His voice was tremulous as he tried to explain.
"Well we will have no more nonsense with you. Now get those legs further apart
and arch your back, come along... yes that's the way. Now stay like that while I
wash you all over. I shall endeavour to ignore your stiffness." She squeezed his
penis between finger and thumb to accent her words. "But I won't always tolerate
such lewd behaviour."
Timothy shuddered at her words. His penis throbbing uncontrollably as she held
him. Her hands felt soft and cool against his skin as she squeezed his scrotum
and his penis firmly before finally letting him go.

He was trembling all over as she washed his chest and underneath his arms, her
fingers deliberately grazing over the sensitive nubs of his nipples. She washed
him, leisurely enjoying the feel of his body and his utter humiliation. Her
hands slid down over his hips as she began to soap his thighs. Occasionally she
leaned forward, her cheek brushing against the tip of his erect penis as her
hands soaped the inside of his thighs. Timothy was in absolute anguish and
torment as he steeled himself for the inevitable washing of his genitals. He
shuddered at the thought that he might lose control and ejaculate when she
finally took hold of his penis to wash it.

Hazel was enjoying the moment. She realised that it was really the first time
that she had the boy to herself in a properly conditioned state. Although
humiliated and embarrassed, she knew that he had learned, through her
punishments and ministrations, that it was futile to protest. She looked at his
face which was suffused in red blotches, she smiled to her self a she saw his
expression of utter humiliation. She placed her hands on each of his hips and
looked him straight in the eye.

"Well Timothy I want you to open your legs wider and bend your knees, do you
think you can do that for me?" Her tone was softer and her voice caring as she
looked at the stricken boy. Timothy blushed instantly as he looked into her
eyes.

Slowly and reluctantly he spread his legs into and even wider posture. Trembling
with indignity he allowed his knees to bend outwards, his face blushing a deep
crimson, knowing that his lewd position made him look ridiculous. He sighed with
embarrassment as he felt Hazel gently exert pressure on his hips, lowering his
body even further. He was acutely aware that his testicles hung freely from his
body that he was completely accessible to her.

Hazel let go of him and took a step backwards to look at him. She took her time
examining him from head to toe, delighting in his expression of utter
embarrassment. She picked up a container of liquid soap from the side of the
bath and began to coat both hands with the soft creamy liquid. She was aware
that Timothy's eyes were transfixed to every movement of her hands. She felt a
thrill run through her whole body as she stepped forward and slowly and
deliberately brought her hand up between his widely spread legs. She flattened
the palm of her hand and grasped him firmly behind his testicles, her fingertips
sliding between the cheeks of his buttocks and his soft swollen testes resting
against her wrist. Slowly and deliberately she pushed her fingers between the
cheeks of his buttocks, hearing him gasp in protest as she slipped her middle
finger up into his bottom. His gasp turned to a groan as she slid her finger
further up into him, her knuckle sliding easily past the tightly stretched
sphincter.
"Ooooohhhhhhhhhh.... Miss  er please noooo er miss." He could not help
protesting as her finger seemed to fill him completely. He tried to rise up only
to feel her other hand grasp his testicles firmly, pulling down on the tender
orbs as she curled her finger inside him. The motion of her finger immediately
stimulated his prostate, so much so that he could do nothing but groan mightily.
Arrggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. His mouth was wide open with anguish as she
stimulated the soft pliant flesh of his prostate. He began to tremble as
suddenly her hand let go of his testicles and instead grasped his erect penis in
a firm grip. Deftly she slid his foreskin down the shaft exposing him fully.
"Arrrggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh. Oh please miss er... please I feeeell er"
His pleading was cut short by a firm jab of her finger up into his bottom.

"Now Timothy, keep still like a good boy, this won't take a minute." Hazel felt
another thrill run through her body as she enjoyed the utter delight of pressing
her finger hard against his prostate and stretching the skin of his penis back
at the same time. She could not have explained why this action gave her so much
pleasure; perhaps it was the utter control she was demonstrating over the boy.

"Oooooohhhh  oooohhhhh pleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaase MISSSSSS." Timothy could not
help but cry out as his penis throbbed mightily in her hand. He seemed to have
lost control of his limbs as his body trembled violently.

Hazel's voice was deliberately soft and gentle as she spoke. "Poor baby, it will
all be over soon, try and be a good little soldier while I just do this." Her
measured tone belied the firm action of her finger inside of his bottom or the
firm pumping action of her fingers around his penis.

"Arrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh." His moans only confirmed what she
already knew, that he was beyond the point of control. She milked his penis
quickly as she curled her finger incessantly in a 'come here' motion against his
prostate. Suddenly she felt his body stiffen as if he were in a trance. She
could see that his eyes were wide open in shock as simultaneously she jabbed
upwards with her finger inside his bottom and scraped her fingernails over the
tip of his penis and down the shaft.

"Poor baby, it will all be over soon, be a brave boy." She cooed, as she
expertly brought him to the point of ejaculation. She deftly pushed her finger
even deeper inside him as she stimulated him mercilessly. She watched as huge
globules of semen erupted from his penis.
"There my baby... let's just have a little more... oops... yes there we are."
Her voice was cool and collected; in contrast to the firm manipulations of her
fingers around his penis.
"There we are... one more big squirt now.." Hazel slid a second finger into his
bottom and pushed both straightened fingers hard up against his prostrate.
Timothy felt his sphincter being stretched wide and then suddenly an incredible
pressure deep inside him.
"Arrgggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" He cried out as his body
straightened and he stood up on his tiptoes. "Arrrggggggggghhh...
pleeeeaaaaase... er miss."
Hazel was in heaven as the boy stiffened totally as if he had been subjected to
a violent electric shock. His voice was filled with anguish as she forced a
further eruption of semen from his penis.
"There my poor baby... what a clever little boy you are." She slowed her hands
and gently extricated her fingers from his bottom.
"Let's just rinse you off and then I will help you out of the bath." Hazel could
not help squeezing her legs together as yet another thrill ran through her body.
She watched the naked boy as he tried to compose himself. She caught his eye,
delighting in the immediate deep flushing of his cheeks as he looked down in
embarrassment.
She rinsed his body, her hands causing him further embarrassment as she deftly
and nonchalantly handled his genitals, causing him to wince and groan as she
stripped his foreskin back to rinse behind the glans. He shuddered several times
as she quickly slipped a finger up into his bottom and then withdrew it again.
"There Timothy, just look at you, you are all nice and clean. Now take you hands
off your head and hop out of the bath." Her voice was bright and held no warning
of what she was to do next. She watched him struggling stiffly from the bath,
noting that his penis although not fully erect was swollen and turgid.

She took a chair and placed it in the middle of the bathroom. Then she took two
large bath towels from the airing cupboard and a large plastic bottle of talcum
powder from one of the shelves.

"Right Timothy come and stand in front of me and I'll get you dried off." Hazel
sat down on the chair and smoothed the rubber apron over her lap.

Timothy could only sigh in embarrassment as he stood before her. He blushed as
she took hold of his hips and pulled him forward. She parted her knees and drew
him closer, before taking the towel and drying his body.

He could not help look down at the beautiful girl as she casually took hold of
his penis... and, as if it was the most natural thing in the world, retracted
the foreskin with her delicate fingers, before drying the sensitive flesh
beneath. Timothy shuddered at her intimate touch... and to his horror felt his
penis begin to erect once more.

Hazel smiled to herself as she lifted his testicles with the towel and...
without concern for his modesty, held his penis out of the way while she dried
the soft and sensitive flesh.

"Right turn around and let me do your back." Timothy was a little quicker in
obeying her command: anxious to hide his tumescent penis from her gaze.
Hazel quickly dried his shoulders and then spoke to him; her voice bright and
cheery. "Right young man, bend over and touch your toes. Come along now."
Timothy groaned as he complied with her request. "Now relax your bottom
completely I need to get right in between the cheeks." Timothy blushed, as he
tried to relax his buttocks; his embarrassment seemingly never ending. He felt a
sharp slap on his bottom and then her cool hands upon his hip.
"That won't do at all, come and stand by my side... no not like that... like
this. There that's the way... now over you go." Timothy was beside himself with
anguish as Hazel demonstrated that she wanted him to lay face down over her
knee. "Oh pleeeease misss... er."
"That will do Timothy." Her tone brooked no argument as she placed her hand on
the small of his back and taking his arm, gently pulled and pushed him until he
was laid face down over her knee. His immediate impression was the coolness and
slipperiness of the rubber apron against his penis and testicles, as he lay face
down looking at the tiled floor.
"There that's better, you must learn to do things first time. Now I am going to
dry you and then I will smack your naughty bottom before I talcum powder you.
Timothy could not believe his ears. He shivered at his own total humiliation as
he felt her pry open the cheeks of his bottom. Suddenly there was a firm slap
upon the cheeks of his bottom. He gasped as the hurt suffused through his
buttocks. "Now I should warn you Timothy that I will add to your punishment if
you do not obey me. Now RELAX your bottom and allow me proper access."
All he could do was shiver and blush with embarrassment as he allowed the cheeks
of his bottom to go slack. He tried hard not to squirm as he felt her fingers
deftly explore the sensitive flesh deep between the crease of his buttocks. He
shivered and jerked as her fingers, followed by the tickling of the towel, pried
everywhere before she seemed satisfied.

He felt utterly humiliated as she placed her hand on the back of his head and
pushed it down until he was looking underneath the chair. "I think that that is
an appropriate position for a naughty boy who is going to have his bare bottom
spanked over his guardian's knee, don't you Timothy?"

It didn't seem but a minute before she had clasped her arm around his waist and
delivered the first stinging slap to his bottom. "Smack... smack... smack..."
Hazel's method of spanking was set at a leisurely pace. She could feel the
hardness of his penis through the rubber apron as she proceeded to redden his
bottom. She involuntarily squeezed her knees together as she felt yet another
thrill course through her body.

Timothy was beside himself as painful smack after painful smack was administered
to the tender bare cheeks of his bottom.

"My word... I don't know what to do with you Timothy... does it not embarrass
you... having your cousin take you over her knee and smack your bare bottom
mmm...?

Timothy's embarrassment and utter humiliation were so acute that he could hardly
speak. "Oh pleeeease miss" he cried between the sharp slaps that were covering
his bottom. "Oh please stop now miss... I promise I will   er... obey you ...er
properly"

Hazel kept up a steady rhythm, her hand stinging as she watched the cheeks of
his bottom shudder and quake with the onslaught. She could hear his sobs grow
louder as she continued his punishment; at last she stopped. Her hand gently
smoothed over his bottom cheeks in a caressing touch.

"Do you promise to be good Timothy... or do I have to fetch my strap to you."

"Oh no pleeeease... miss... I promise I will do everything you say. His voice
was punctuated by sobs as he spoke.
"Now lay still while I apply your talcum powder." Timothy didn't speak such was
his shame as he felt her apply talcum powder to the cheeks of his bottom. He
could not help but groan as her fingers again slipped between the cheeks of his
buttocks; her hand actually stretching them wide apart as she applied talcum
powder.

"Right Timothy... do you promise to be good if I let you up off my knees?"
Timothy shuddered and sobbed as he answered her. "I promise... er miss...
ohhhh... er I promise."

"Well then I will take your word as a gentleman I have never known so much
fuss." Hazel thrilled once more as she saw that his penis was violently erect as
she helped him up from her knees.
"Right stand in front of me.. legs stretched apart either side of my knees, so
that I can powder your penis and your testicles." Timothy blushed at her
humiliating instructions, acutely aware that his penis was pointed upwards and
was as stiff as it had been while he had been so intimately milked in the bath.

Shuffling his feet and blushing furiously, Timothy followed her instructions, he
could not hide the expression of utter shame from his tear stained face.

"Now you see, Timothy. You can do things when you apply your mind properly to
it." He blushed once more, groaning inwardly as he watched his pretty cousin
casually empty a large amount of talcum powder into her cupped hand.

Casually she took his penis between the finger and thumb of her right hand and
gently slid her left hand, which was almost overflowing with talcum powder,
between his legs.

He could not help shudder at her intimate touch, gasping as she fondled his
testicles before sliding her hand behind the soft orbs of flesh and jiggling the
testes as she covered the scrotum with powder.

He was unable to stifle a groan of anguish as she pulled his foreskin back
exposing the sensitive flesh beneath. Holding him firmly she took the bottle of
talcum from her lap and sprinkled the entire organ with white powder.

Placing the bottle down on her lap she used both hands to rub the powder in the
entire length of his erect penis; ignoring his moans and gasps as she
manipulated his most intimate flesh as if it was a perfectly natural and
everyday task.

She squeezed his penis hard before she let him go. "Well Timothy, I think you
are done. I am afraid you were not as obedient as I thought you would be, but I
shall of course thrash that out of you at some later stage. Now run along and
put on your gym shorts and tee shirt... er socks and training shoes. Do NOT put
on any underwear as I want your testicles to be free of encumbrance."

Timothy would have protested at what she had told him to wear; but such was his
hurry to get away... and the thought of another smacked bottom, that he said
nothing; instead walking quickly to his bedroom.

An hour later, Timothy was seated sulkily in the back seat of Mrs. Grant's car.
His ears were burning with shame as he listed to the conversation between Hazel
and Mrs. Grant. "Of course I had to smack him yet again. He insisted upon
clenching his buttocks, so that I could not powder his little bottom properly;
sometimes I really despair at the actions of young boys. I mean after all, it is
not as if he has anything to hide."
The journey continued with one embarrassing comment after another. He tried to
shut out the sounds of the conversation from the front of the car... and instead
concentrated upon the views from the rear window. It was not long before they
entered through the ornate gates of a long driveway. It seemed impossible to
Timothy, that anyone could own so much land that it could take almost ten
minutes to travel from the gateway to the house. He was immediately in awe of
the imposing building, it's carved stonework and elegant portico publicising
it's opulence and grandeur.

They pulled up in front of the main entrance, the little Morris Minor looking
insignificant against the largeness of the stone steps that invited one to the
large double oak doors.

No sooner had they stopped than were greeted by Gail and Susan who happily
skipped down the steps and ran towards the car. Both Hazel and Vickie got out to
meet the girls. Timothy could not hear their conversation as they all stood
together at the foot of the steps. Occasionally one of them would look towards
Timothy as he sat slouched in the back of the car. He felt hot and sullen as
well as ill at ease after the humiliation of the morning. However he had not
forgotten his punishment and as such was attentive enough to make sure that his
name was not being called to get out of the car.

It must have been at least fifteen minutes before Hazel opened up the door of
the car and spoke to him. "Come along Timothy, time to get out." There was
something in Hazel's voice that made him obey immediately. He got out of the car
and walked with Hazel towards the house. "Right girls, remember what I have told
you. He has promised to be on his best behaviour, but if he should forget
himself, or resort to silliness, then you have MY permission to smack his
naughty bottom. " Hazel turned towards Timothy. "Now young man, I want to hear
you promise in front of the girls that you will promise to behave yourself.
Now... let me hear you say it."

Timothy blushed at the demeaning words, his self esteem at its lowest ebb as he
looked towards Gail and Susan. His bottom lip was trembling as he lifted his
blushing face to address them both. "I ...er ...er promise to be good." His
voice trailed off as he stood, shifting his weight from one foot to another.

"Well I hope so..." Hazel looked at Mrs. Grant. "Would you like to check his
testicles, before we leave? I think it might be and hour or two before the nurse
gets here and I wouldn't want to leave him in any discomfort."

Hazel knew that her words would cause him far more discomfort that anything
physical as she watched the boy's cheeks immediately blush to a deep crimson.
Before he could protest, Vickie had moved towards him... and to his utter
humiliation she slipped her hand down the front of his shorts.

The suddenness and the shock of such an intimate and embarrassing action left
Timothy standing stupefied with his mouth wide open as Mrs. Grant casually
explored between his legs before hefting his testicles in the palm of her hand.
He trembled in embarrassment as she casually handled his testicles, her body
pressed close to his as she squeezed and weighed his genitals as if he were a
prize animal.

He was acutely aware of her heady perfume and the softness of her breasts as she
leaned over him. Her wrist brushed over the tip of his penis, making him gasp as
she examined his testicles at her leisure. Involuntarily he gave in to his
curiosity to see if the girls were observing his embarrassing inspection only to
discover, to his horror, that both girls were watching him with avid interest.
He looked away quickly, in betrayal of his acute and utter anguish, almost
certain that Susan had caught his eye as Mrs. Grant continued to squeeze and
fondle his testicles.

She sounded slightly out of breath, as she stood up withdrawing her hand from
within his shorts. He could not believe that he had so summarily been subjected
to such an undignified and belittling experience.

"Yes... he will be fine. I presume that you had to milk him this morning?" Mrs.
Grant turned to Hazel, talking as if the boy was not there. "Oh yes, I gave him
as thorough an evacuation as I could. Of course, I really need more than one
pair of hands to do the job properly." She turned to the two girls. "You will
help the nurse to milk him thoroughly won't you? I think at least twice on each
occasion, I know the doctor would like him thoroughly drained." Timothy could
only blush as the girl's looked first at Hazel and then at Susan's mother,
before turning their attention towards him. "Of course" Gail replied. "I will
ask whoever they send to make sure that he doesn't have anything left inside his
little balls."

Hazel could not help smiling as she listened to Gail's reply. She knew that both
the young girls could not wait to get their hands on the boy.



6 
Moments later, Timothy was being led through the corridors of the grand house.
  Gail was leading him by the arm as Susan followed behind. Timothy was trembling
  with embarrassment feeling utterly gauche and awkward as he was herded through
  the opulence of the ornately panelled corridors. His face was still suffused
  in a blush of bright red. His skin felt goose-pimpled at the embarrassment
  and indignity of his humiliating examination by Susan's mother. He could still
  feel the effect of her cool hands as she had handled his genitals in such an
  intimate manner. Had he known of the preparations the girls had made for his
  day at Gail's house, he might have fled there and then.  
Both Gail and Susan had taken great care with their preparation for the day
  ahead. They had dressed carefully, knowing full well the effect that their
  good-looks had on Timothy. They both chose summer dresses from Gail's wardrobe.
  The quality and French cut of the dresses had impressed Susan so much that
  Gail had to laugh.  
"I can't help it if mummy always insists on buying me the best&hellip; just
  learn to enjoy the luxury." They had decided that both of their dresses looked
  far sexier without a bra. Susan had bent low over the dressing table as Gail
  was carefully applying her makeup. The glimpse of bare breast through the vee
  of her neckline made Gail laugh out loud.  
"My god, the boy won't know where to look if you bend over him like that." They
  both giggled as Gail opened one of the drawers of her dressing table and handed
  a pair of sheer French panties to Susan. "Put these on, they are so wonderful,
  it is like wearing nothing at all." Gail could not help admiring the perfect
  form of her friend as she lowered the small white cotton panties she was wearing.
  Lazily she stroked her hand over Susan's shaven pubis as the girl daintily
  stepped out of her own panties and put on the pair Gail had given her. Susan
  held her dress above her waist as she admired the tiny triangle of lacy material. "God,
  if you don't look sexy Susan." Gail rolled her eyes as Susan twirled in front
  of the mirror, her buttocks were completely bared, the wisp of material at
  the rear was completely hidden between the cheeks of her bottom.  
Later, impeccably dressed in their summer dresses, they had paraded themselves
  in front of Gail's mother. They both wore freshly applied makeup and their
  hair was brushed to a shine as they twirled around.  
"I must say that you both look absolutely stunning. I hope that he doesn't
  faint at the sight of two such beautiful girls. That dress looks so good on
  you Susan, that I am sure Gail will agree with me that you should keep it." Gail
  nodded enthusiastically before Susan had chance to protest at their generosity. "Don't
  say a word&hellip; the dress is yours&hellip; now I think we just have time
  to add a little perfume&hellip; remember you might want to arouse all of his
  senses." They all laughed, the girls knowing full well that perfume would indeed
  assail the boys senses even further.  
*   
Timothy hardly had time to appreciate the luxury of the furnishing and tapestries
  that adorned the wide corridors as he was led through the large house. Gail
  held his arm in a firm grip as she led him like a small child. They turned
  right and left several times until they reached the large sitting room.  
Constance was seated, her beautiful figure poised gracefully with her arms
  resting on each arm of her chair. Behind Constance, stood Pat and Geraldine,
  her two secretaries and to the side of the room stood the two maids. Both Ami
  and Jessica were dressed in short black silk skirts that showed off much of
  their shapely thighs. They stood primly with their hands clasped in front of
  them as if waiting to be of service.  
To Timothy, Constance Goodman appeared regal and serene as she sat in the
  large ornate chair. He felt awkward and ill at ease as Gail led him to the
  centre of the large room. He blushed to a bright red as she made him stand
  in the centre of lavishly patterned carpet. Her deliberate positioning of him
  enabled everyone to have a perfect and unobstructed view of his trembling form
  and at the same time instilled in Timothy a feeling of humiliation. It was
  a perfect example of a young boy being 'on the carpet', an expression well
  known to many an English schoolboy who has fallen foul of the school rules.  
Constance was dressed impeccably in a navy blue suit. Her face was beautifully
  made up; her hair beautifully styled and brushed away from her face accenting
  the exquisite bone structure of her face and the firm line of her jaw. Timothy
  looked down at his own clothes, feeling utterly inadequate in his loose shirt
  and gym shorts. He shivered as Constance spoke to him, her voice sounding so
  well modulated and cultured that it further added to his feeling of inadequacy.  
"So you must be Timothy. Welcome to my house young man. My daughter tells
  me that you are a very nice little boy, so I hope you are going to enjoy your
  day with us." Timothy could only blush as Constance spoke to him. Her referral
  to him as a nice little boy made him feel even smaller and more humiliated
  than he could have ever imagined.  
It was no accident that Constance had chosen to address him as a little boy,
  or that she had earlier suggested that Gail should place him in the centre
  of the room. She could see by his blushing cheeks that this combination was
  having her desired effect upon the young boy.  
She was able to examine him at her leisure as he stood before her with his
  head bent looking down at the floor. She could immediately see that his face
  and physique were perfect in every detail. He was she thought, the most delightful
  looking young boy that she had ever seen. She remembered the fragile and delicate
  beauty of his mother and understood where much of his good looks and rare physical
  form had come from.  
His shirt was tucked into his shorts, accenting his slim waist. The shorts
  themselves displayed much of his legs and Constance delighted in the fact that
  very soon she would be able to examine his body without the hindrance of clothes.  
Gail and Susan were standing to the side of the room and Constance looked
  at their young faces as they in turn watched Timothy. It was difficult for
  Constance not to smile as she glanced around the room. The two maids were watching
  the boy in an almost predatory fashion. She looked up over her shoulder, noting
  that there seemed to be similar interest in the boy by her two young secretaries.
  In fact, Constance thought that the atmosphere in the room seemed expectant
  and poised.  
She looked across at Ami as the delicate and tuneful sound of the door chimes
  echoed within the room. She had no need to speak as Ami was already walking
  towards the double doors that led to the main corridor.  
"Tell me Timothy," she continued, "would you like a drink of something? I
  have some fizzy drinks, or perhaps a glass of milk. I know little boys need
  their milk if they are to grow up to be strong and healthy." Constance watched
  his cheeks blush with redness as he raised his head. Rather than wait for his
  reply she looked across at Jessica and spoke softly to her. "Would you be so
  kind as to fetch our young guest a glass of milk dear?"  
Timothy blushed again, this time his cheeks deepening in colour to an almost
  purple hue. He felt utterly embarrassed and humiliated. Not merely at the belittling
  and humbling experience of being addressed as a young child, but also of being
  the centre of interest of so many beautiful young women. Each time he looked
  up at Constance Goodman he was aware of the interest of her two young secretaries.
  He looked down at the floor again, acutely aware that his stature in the eyes
  of Susan and Gail would be further diminished by the condescending words of
  Gail's mother.  
It was in a haze of humiliation and trepidation that he heard Ami return
  to the room and announce, "Nurse Bishop has arrived Madam. I have taken her
  through to the main bathroom and left her to make her preparations as she requested.
  I will go and give her a hand and then bring her through to introduce her to
  you."  
Constance looked up as her maid spoke and then smiled at her benevolently. "Thank
  you Ami, yes do bring her through as soon as she has finished, I would like
  to talk to her."  
Timothy could not help himself looking across towards the young maid. Her
  expression told him instantly that she already knew why the nurse was here.
  He felt his cheeks burning with utter embarrassment as she looked him up and
  down, her eyes openly lingering on the area below his waist. He shivered involuntarily
  as he saw the glint of amusement in her eyes and the sardonic look upon her
  face. He watched her as she turned to leave, her short skirt swaying with the
  movement of her hips, a movement which deliberately attracted his attention
  to the beauty of her long legs.  
Constance watched the young boy's display of utter embarrassment. She was
  delighted that the nurse had arrived early. What could be better than his present
  position as she asked the nurse about his treatment. She looked to her right
  as Jessica entered the room carrying a silver tray upon which was placed a
  tall glass of milk. Constance smiled to herself as she saw that the glass held
  a brightly coloured plastic straw. She watched as Jessica approached the young
  boy, enjoying his further embarrassment as Jessica stood next to him and gently
  stroked his cheek as if he were a small child. Jessica bent her head so that
  her face was close to his and spoke softly to him." Here you are Master Timothy,
  I've brought you a straw so you don't spill it"  
Constance could see his indignation and embarrassment as Jessica took hold
  of his hand and raised his arm to take the glass from the tray. "There you
  are sweetie; take the glass in both hands now like a good boy and hold on tight
  so that it doesn't slip... there, that's the way." Jessica put the tray down
  on one of small coffee tables and watched the boy take the glass.  
Constance Goodman was delighted with the performance of her maids. It was
  a masterly stroke for Jessica to bring him a straw and make him hold the glass
  with both hands. The boy's abject humiliation was manifested in the trembling
  of his hands as he put the straw to his lips and sucked. She could see that
  he was so embarrassed that he did not know what else to do. His blushing cheeks
  and trembling lips were a delight to behold as she leaned back in her chair
  and watched him in his discomfort. He shivered visibly as Jessica causally
  placed her hand on the nape of his neck and ran her fingers upwards through
  his hair, tousling it as one would to a very small child. Constance thrilled
  as the boy blushed again, his face colouring quickly with an abrupt flush of
  shame.  
To her delight Jessica stood over him and watched him drink through the straw,
  her delicate fingers caressed his neck as he half emptied the milk. He lowered
  the glass and looked at the pretty young maid. His bottom lip was trembling
  as he proffered the glass to her. She spoke gently but firmly, her eyes looking
  into his as he stood holding the glass towards her.  
 "Now, be a good boy and drink it all up. You want to grow up to be a big
  strong boy don't you?" Before he could answer she took the glass from him and
  stepping behind him and brought her arms around either side of his body, holding
  the glass next to his face.  
Timothy's arms were effectively pinioned to his sides as she teased his lips
  with the tip of the straw. She pressed her cheek next to his as she whispered
  softly to him, her perfume assailing his senses with a delicate aroma as she
  spoke.  
"Now sweetie, drink your milk like a good little boy. There you see I am
  holding it for you so you need not worry about spilling it." She brushed her
  lips against his cheek as she pressed her body closer to his and teased the
  straw into his mouth.  
Timothy was in turmoil as he involuntarily drank from the glass until it
  was empty. His body trembled and shivered as Jessica deliberately held him
  close.  
"There you are sweetie, you drank it all up like a good boy." She brushed
  her face against his cheek before taking the glass away and stepping backwards.
  She smiled as she observed the fresh flush of red which suffused his cheeks
  and the tremor which ran through his body.  
Constance disguised her delight at the maid's management of her young guest.
  Instead she looked into his blushing face, ignoring his shame and embarrassment.  
"Well Timothy, what would you like to do today? It is already quite warm
  outside, so perhaps you would like to play in the pool. It is quite shallow
  near the steps. I know that little boys enjoy splashing about in water." She
  did not wait for a reply but instead raised her arm and indicated Pat and Geraldine. "I
  haven't introduced you to my secretaries. This is Miss Patricia Foster and
  this is Miss Geraldine Drew. They are both excellent swimmers so they will
  be able to keep an eye on you when you are in the water. You can simply address
  them as 'Miss' if you are unable to remember their names.  
Timothy was blushing with shame and quite ready to protest his maturity when
  he was interrupted by the return of the Ami who ushered the nurse through into
  the room. "Nurse Bishop Ma'am." She announced as Penny walked towards Constance
  Goodman and held up her hand in greeting.  
"Please call me Penny Ma'am." Penny was dressed in a white tunic which finished
  just above her dainty knees. The thin fine-cotton tunic had buttons at the
  front which covered the entire length of the garment. Constance noted that
  several of the buttons were undone at the hem, revealing much of the girl's
  thighs as she moved and also that the buttons at her cleavage were also undone.  
Penny moved forward and stood by Timothy's side. "Thank you for the facilities
  Ma'am. I will be able to manage quite well. I will just need some help as we
  don't have stirrups for his legs."  
Timothy blushed profusely as Penny casually mentioned his impending treatment.
  He shivered as Penny continued. "If it is alright with you, I will take him
  and give him his enema&hellip; er and I think he will need shaving again."  
All eyes seemed to descend on Timothy's shorts as Penny casually announced
  that he was to be shaved again." He started to tremble visibly as Constance
  spoke.  
I was hoping er&hellip; Penny, that you might explain his treatment to me.
  What exactly is the matter with Timothy?"  
Penny smiled, knowing full well how shameful it would be for Timothy to listen
  to a detailed explanation of his treatment. "Well ma'am&hellip; he has been
  producing semen at quite a high rate, He has never ejaculated until the other
  day and his testicles were so full that his scrotum was stretched to the point
  were it had become painful. Doctor Ashcroft has decided that until he can be
  further examined that he should be drained at regular intervals and observed
  to see if he gets down to a normal level of production."  
"I see, so is his scrotum still swollen and painful?" Constance looked at
  Timothy as she spoke, watching him quickly drop his eyes and look down at his
  feet.  
Penny smiled at the question, noting that Constance showed no embarrassment. "No
  ma'am. He is very much better and the amount of semen I have extracted already
  shows signs of decreasing in volume. Would you like me to show you, it will
  be easier and more precise that my just telling you." She moved the boy forward
  by his arm until he was standing in front of Mrs Goodman.  
Timothy began to shiver as the nurse moved in front of him and dropped down
  on to one knee. She reached for the shoelaces of his white Gym shoes and began
  to undo them. To Timothy's utter dismay she held his ankle and made him lift
  his foot, quickly divesting him of both his shoe and sock.  
"er plea..se NO Miss."  
 Timothy tried to protest as Penny quickly removed the shoe and sock from
  his other foot and tucked both his socks into his shoes and placed them to
  the side. She stood up so that her face was only inches from his and spoke
  firmly.  
"Now Timothy, be a good little boy and let us have no nonsense." He blushed
  immediately. His bottom lip trembled and a tears appeared in his eyes as he
  realised that his body was to be bared in front of everyone..  
 He was about to plead again when he heard Gail's voice. "Now Timothy, don't
  be awkward. You know jolly well that Hazel has instructed both Susan and I
  to punish if you are a naughty little boy. Now you wouldn't want everyone to
  watch you while I took you over my knee and smacked your bare bottom would
  you?"  
Timothy blushed mightily. His face turning a deep purple as the shaming words
  were spoken. He watched as Susan and Gail moved to stand next to the Gail's
  mother. He shivered as they watched him, their faces showing no signs of sympathy
  for his embarrassing predicament.  
Tears welled up in his eyes as Penny took his arms and lifted them above
  his head. He trembled as she pulled his shirt up out of the waistband of his
  shorts and deliberately slipped the palms of her hands under the material,
  sliding the garment upwards. All eyes were upon him as she bared his torso.
  She pulled the shirt up over his head and folded it neatly. It was Pat who
  stepped forward and took the item of clothing, bending as she turned away to
  also take the shoes and socks. She placed the items on one of the coffee tables.
  Quickly she returned to her position behind Constance, careful not to miss
  any of the proceedings as Penny gently cupped her hand under the boy's chin.  
She looked straight into his tearful eyes and smiled benevolently at him. "That's
  the way&hellip; just do as you are told and you will be fine. You may put your
  hands down and keep them by your sides."  
Timothy looked at her, his eyes pleading for her to halt the embarrassing
  stripping of his body in front of everyone. Instead she patted his cheek and
  then took hold of his wrists and placed his hands at either side of his body. "Just
  stay like that and hold your head up so that everyone can see you. It is not
  good for little boys to slouch." Timothy could never have envisaged the utter
  humiliation he felt as he looked up. He could see that the maids seemed openly
  amused at his obvious embarrassment and that both secretaries were watching
  him intently.  
Penny moved around to his rear and bent down on one knee. Deliberately she
  placed a hand on either side of his waist, making him shiver as her cool hands
  touched his bared flesh. Slowly, almost ritualistically she slipped her fingers
  inside the elasticised waistband of his shorts, making sure that everyone was
  watching as she slipped them downwards. She could feel his body shiver as the
  shorts cleared his buttocks. Her face was almost touching the smooth mounds
  of flesh as she heard his gasp of anguish as his penis and testicles were suddenly
  bared to the view of everyone in the room. She deftly pushed them down over
  his thighs to his ankles, before standing upright and moving around to his
  side. She bent down and took his ankle, making him lift each leg in turn to
  step out of the shorts.  
She could see that his penis was swollen although not erect. She quickly
  glanced upwards, noting the look of terror on his face as he managed another
  mighty blush. Penny took the shorts and placed them with his other clothes.
  She was pleased to see that the boy had not tried to cover his penis although
  she was certain that he was fighting a hard battle to keep his arms by his
  sides.  
His legs were pressed tightly together and he was shivering as they all examined
  him from head to foot. There was an audible sigh from Geraldine as she admired
  the boy's perfect physique. Penny made sure that she did not obstruct anyone's
  view as she moved to his side and tapped his buttocks lightly. "Stand with
  your legs wide apart and place your hands behind your head for me there's a
  good little boy." She placed her hand upon the back of his leg and almost sensuously
  slid her fingers in-between his thighs, pressing against his flesh until he
  reluctantly parted his legs. The coolness of her fingers and the embarrassment
  he felt caused him to shiver as slowly he raised his arms and clasped his fingers
  together behind his head.  
To his utter dismay he felt his penis twitch, the warning throb that he had
  been dreading so much suddenly pulsed through his penis. Whether it was the
  cool touch of Penny's hands, or that his body had been bared in front of such
  beautiful girls he did not know. He trembled as a further pulse ran through
  the shaft of his burgeoning penis. He dare not look down, but was acutely aware
  that his penis was erecting. Penny stood behind him and looked around him,
  making sure that everyone had a perfect view of his naked body.  
Gail and Susan watched as Penny repeated the tapping of her fingers against
  the inside of his thighs until the boy was standing with his legs spread widely
  apart. Susan was fascinated by the gradual lengthening and thickening of Timothy's
  penis. She watched it as it pulsed, the foreskin retracting backwards from
  the mushroom shaped head. It twitched and grew until it was pointing outwards
  and upwards from between his thighs.  
Both Pat and Geraldine smiled with amusement as the boy's turgid member extended
  to a full and throbbing erection.  
Suddenly the embarrassment became too much for Timothy. In a fit of acute
  trauma his hands quickly darted to his groin. He grasped his penis and pulled
  it against his tummy, his hands flattening as he hid his genitals from view.  
Penny did not seem the least bit perturbed by the action. Her voice was cool
  and measured as she addressed Mrs Goodman and the girls. "Oh dear I am afraid
  little boys seem to want to play with their penises at any opportunity. It
  is an unfortunate and dirty habit. I think perhaps Timothy is a little boy
  who needs taking firmly in hand."  
Timothy could not help shivering with embarrassment as Penny spoke as if
  he were a small child. He was about to protest that he was merely covering
  himself out of modesty when Gail and Susan moved to stand at either side of
  him. Without a word they gently took his wrists and pulled his hands away from
  his groin. They held his arms outwards at almost at shoulder height.  
 Gail managed to hold his arm in position while she moved to stand behind
  him. She bent his arm upwards until his fingers were touching the back of his
  neck and then beckoned for Susan to place his other hand in the same position.  
"Now keep your hands clasped together like the Nurse has instructed."  
Timothy gasped as Gail smacked him firmly upon his bare bottom.  
"Do you understand me Timothy?"  
He gasped, hardly managing to speak with the sudden indignity of being smacked
  by the young girl. He blushed and hung his head in shame.  
I'm sooooo sorry &hellip;er &hellip; misss"  
"You may well hang your head you naughty boy. I should think you are&hellip; very
  sorry indeed. Now we will have no more nonsense while my mother inspects you.
  You are a very lucky little boy to have so many people take an interest in
  you. So my young man you will do as you are instructed&hellip; do I make myself
  clear?"  
Timothy groaned in anguish, his voice tremulous as he replied. The shame
  and utter humiliation had drained him of any further resistance as he turned
  his head to look at Gail. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he spoke.  
"I am so sorry miss&hellip; er I promise."  
Gail delighted in her authority over the beautiful young boy. Deliberately
  she looked him over from head to toe, making sure that he was aware of her
  casual inspection of his naked form. She stood back and admired the red mark
  her hand had made on the soft flesh of his bottom before she accompanied Susan
  to stand next to Pat and Geraldine. She spoke to Penny who was standing back
  several feet behind Timothy.  
"Please proceed with whatever you were going to do. I am sure Timothy will
  behave like a proper young man now."  
Penny delighted in Gail's handling of the young boy as she stepped forward
  and without preamble slipped her hand between his buttocks, sliding her fingers
  down between the pliant mounds of flesh and then forward slipping them between
  his legs until she was able to cup his testicles. She slid her other hand around
  his waist so that her fingers rested on his tummy. She could feel the young
  boy shiver at the intimate contact of her fingers.  
She addressed Mrs Goodman deferentially. "If you would like to feel his testicles
  you will notice how large and swollen they are compared to other little boys
  of Timothy's age."  
Penny had been careful in her description of the boy, taking her cue from
  the Mrs Goodman and the girls. She continued, her tone nonchalant as if it
  was perfectly normal to have a young boy stripped naked and standing with his
  hands clasped behind his neck and his legs splayed wide apart while his testicles
  were being held forward for everyone to see.  
Timothy shivered as Penny casually rolled his testicles within his scrotal
  sac. His nakedness was accentuated by the cool breeze that wafted through the
  double glass doors which were opened to the outside patio and pool area. He
  looked at Mrs Goodman as she spoke. His cheeks blushing as she stood upright,
  her graceful body only inches from his own nakedness.  
"I have some medical knowledge and I think this would be an excellent opportunity
  for me to examine him."  
Although Penny was surprised that Constance had not immediately taken hold
  of the boy's testicles, she smiled as she realised that Constance intended
  to examine the young boy far more thoroughly. She let go of his testicles and
  letting her fingers trail between his legs, stepped backwards and stood to
  the side.  
She watched as Constance placed her hand under the boy's chin and held his
  head so that he was forced to look at her. She spoke softly as she looked him
  in the eye.  
 "Now Timothy&hellip; open your mouth I want to have a look at your teeth.
  His chin was trembling with emotion as he opened his mouth. Constance moved
  closer to him and immediately felt the tip of the boy's erect penis press against
  her thighs. Deliberately she let the material of her skirt play against the
  tip of his penis as she examined his opened mouth. She moved his head from
  side to side as she looked into each side, noting the whiteness and the symmetry
  of his teeth.  
Gently she placed her hands on either side of his head, feeling the bone
  structure of his cheeks and moving her hands gently around his small ears.
  Constance was already quite sure that she had never encountered a young boy
  of such perfect proportions and such good looks. Apart from the obvious sexual
  pleasure of having a young boy naked and obedient to do with as she willed,
  Constance also had a purpose to her examination. She was sure that Gail had
  already had an opportunity to examine the boy closely, but Constance was keen
  to see if he was really as perfect as he appeared at first glance.  
Timothy was in turmoil he could feel his penis throbbing wildly with the
  constant stimulation from the contact with Mrs Goodman's body as she moved
  to and fro. The touch of her hands was soft and gentle upon his face and head,
  almost a caress as her fingers traced downwards on to his neck. The sexual
  stimulation to his senses was so great that he felt a fierce throbbing between
  his legs, a jolt of sensation that seemed to travel upwards from deep inside
  his bottom to the very tip of his penis..  
Constance was well aware of the effect she was having upon the young boy.
  Fearing that he might suddenly ejaculate, she stepped back abruptly and placed
  her hands upon his chest. Watching his blushing face carefully for signs of
  sexual emotion, she allowed herself the luxury of smoothing her hands over
  his young torso, her fingers played around his nipples causing the sensitive
  nubs of flesh to stiffen. She continued her exploration of his body, letting
  her hands gently trail down over his tummy and then ultimately slide around
  his slim waist.  
She looked at his throbbing penis, marvelling at the stiffness and size of
  the straining flesh. She was aware that he had followed her gaze and she quickly
  looked into his face, seeing his cheeks flush with redness as she caught his
  eye.  
She smiled at him as one would to a small child and spoke in a gentle voice.  
"Now Timothy I want you to keep very still while I examine your penis and
  your testicles. Do you think you can do that for me?" She delighted at the
  tremor of embarrassment that ran through his body as she sat down on the edge
  of her chair and placed her knees daintily together between his legs.  
She looked into his eyes, waiting for a reply. She observed a second shiver
  of embarrassment as he struggled to speak.  
"Er&hellip; y'yes er&hellip; miss."  
No sooner had he spoken than Constance leaned forward and delicately took
  hold of his penis. She placed her thumb beneath the pulsing shaft and her fingers
  in a row upon the top of it as if she was holding a clarinet.  
"Now keep very still while I retract your foreskin."  
Timothy shivered and shook as Constance gently smoothed the outer skin of
  his penis backwards towards the base of the shaft. He groaned as the foreskin
  slid away from the glans, revealing the entire head of his throbbing member.
  He watched in horror as she placed the forefinger and thumb of her other hand
  gently against the rim of the glans and stroked the end of the foreskin back
  even further until it was stretched tight.  
The sensation of her cool fingers against penis was almost too much to bear;
  he could not help but look at what she was doing as she spoke to him, her voice
  bright and matter of fact.  
"Well you are nice and clean behind your foreskin Timothy. Did you manage
  to wash yourself, or did your niece have to wash you?"  
The Question embarrassed him so much that he looked around as if for help,
  only to see that Gail and Susan were both looking down at his throbbing penis
  as indeed was everyone else in the room. He expelled his breath in burst of
  exasperation and abject dismay as his humiliating experience continued.  
Constance looked into his eyes, her pretty lips pursed as she waited for
  the boy to reply. "Well Timothy&hellip; were you able to manage to wash your
  penis yourself?"  
He groaned inwardly, his face turning bright red and his fingers clenching
  together behind his head in anguish. He could feel his penis throb as she held
  his member delicately between her fingers, her gentle touch keeping him erect
  and in utter humiliation.  
There was a trembling in his voice as he looked at the beautiful face of
  Mrs Goodman.  
 "&hellip; oh&hellip; er&hellip;please&hellip;. er &hellip;it was urm Hazel
  miss&hellip;that washed er&hellip; me."  
Constance smiled at him as his bottom lip began to tremble. Her beautiful
  features held an expression of kindness and care as she spoke gently to him.  
"I thought as much, she was obviously very thorough. Little boys should be
  discouraged from touching their own penises. It is a disgusting habit and one
  that I am sure your mother would never condone. I am sure that your niece will
  take you in hand while your mother is away. Gail tells me that she is a very
  competent young lady."  
As she finished talking she let go of his penis and then casually tapped
  it with her fingers as if to emphasise the point. She watched the rigid flesh
  wobble and sway as she tapped it once more. She waited a moment, delighting
  in his embarrassment before taking a much firmer hold of his member with her
  right hand, gripping it tightly while she scraped the tip of her perfectly
  manicured finger nail over the opening of his urethra.  
His immediate reaction was to push his bottom backwards and gasp loudly as
  he tried to escape the acute sensation. Constance held him firmly and repeated
  the procedure, ignoring the frantic gyration of his hips as she teased the
  sensitive opening. She paid no attention to the boy's acute dilemma, instead
  she addressed Gail and Susan as she held his penis tightly.  
"Have you both noticed how beautifully he has been circumcised? The foreskin
  has been cut so that it still extends over the glans but leaves the skin quite
  free to travel backwards and forwards. If you ever need to bathe him, you will
  find it quite easy to retract the skin so that you can wash him thoroughly.
  Most little boys are not as lucky as Timothy to have someone to wash them properly
  and make sure that they are absolutely clean."  
Timothy could not help but look at Susan and Gail as he heard Mrs Goodman's
  demeaning comments. There was a look of pure horror on his face, almost a plea
  to the girls that what she was suggesting must never happen.  
Casually Constance tightened her grip upon his penis as she placed her left
  hand beneath his testicles. She delighted in his tormented movements as he
  tried to stand on tiptoe to escape the acute sensation of her fingers. It was
  to no avail as her fingers enveloped his scrotum. She squeezed the soft orbs
  firmly, but not hard enough to cause him pain although the anguish upon his
  face was there for all to see.  
"Well Penny he seems in very good order. His testes are very large aren't
  they? I am sure he will feel better after you have made him ejaculate. Would
  you turn him round for me and bend him over so that I can look between the
  cheeks of his little bottom?"  
Timothy blushed again&hellip; an immediate and violent reddening of his cheeks
  as he heard Mrs Goodman's words. Like all young boys he had a fearful dread
  of having his bottom stretched and bared for everyone to see. He shuddered
  as she squeezed his testicles and stretched his foreskin backwards once more,
  holding him completely captive while she looked into his blushing face and
  addressed him.  
"No nonsense now young man. Do as Penny instructs you, promise me now!"  
She held him firmly by both his penis and testicles as she looked into his
  face. His lips were trembling visibly and his cheeks were flushed with crimson
  as he fumbled for words.  
"Arrggghh&hellip; ooohhh&hellip; I er&hellip; promise miss."  
His voice was tremulous, his nervousness and sense of utter humiliation was
  written all over his face. Constance could see at a glance that he was almost
  in tears as she let go of him and leaned back in her chair while she watched
  Penny manipulate him into position. The young nurse spared him no modesty as
  she moved and adjusted him until he was well bent over with his legs wide apart.
  Penny had deliberately made him spread his legs far wider than necessary and
  to add to his humiliation she had made him grasp his ankles like a schoolboy
  waiting for punishment.  
She looked satisfied with her final positioning of the young boy, observing
  that his penis and testicles were hanging down freely from between his legs.
  His penis, although engorged, was not erect.  
Constance could see his bright red face, which was partly obscured by his
  genitals as she leaned forward and studied him intently.  
The sound of his breathing had become quite laboured, partly because of his
  bent position, but more, Constance thought, because of his feeling of acute
  embarrassment.  
She had heard the quick intake of breath from the girls behind her as the
  boy was made to assume his position. Even with this undignified position, there
  was no denying the symmetry of his form. Constance had a sudden urge to stick
  her finger straight up into his bottom, although outwardly she appeared cool
  and clinical as she leaned forward and placed her hands upon each cheek of
  his bottom.  
Gail watched with delight as her mother lifted her elbows so that the fingers
  of both hands met exactly over the deep crease of his buttocks.  
"Now Timothy&hellip; just relax your bottom cheeks while I examine you."  
Her voice was soft and caring as she pressed the tips of the fingers between
  the crevice of his bottom cheeks. She thrilled at the sudden quaking of his
  buttocks as she pried open the firm flesh. She could see from between his legs
  the sudden blush to his upturned face as she stretched him wide.  
"argggghhhhh&hellip; oooh please&hellip;er noooo."  
He could not control his involuntary plea as his buttocks were forced apart.
  He began to shiver, not just with the physical discomfort he felt, but also
  with the utter embarrassment of having the very core of his bottom exposed
  for everyone to see.  
Constance was delighted with the small and neat rosebud of his sphincter.
  She would have liked to impale him on her finger there and then, but had already
  decided that there would be plenty of opportunity later.  
"I see that you are clean here too Timothy. Am I to presume that your cousin
  washed your bottom for you?"  
Timothy was in turmoil, his humiliation complete and utter. His buttocks
  were stretched widely apart and he could feel the cool air from the open doorway
  against his sphincter. He knew that everyone in the room was watching his intimate
  and humiliating inspection. He heard the question through a haze of abject
  embarrassment and anguish. He hardly recognised the sound of his own voice
  as he replied.  
"er&hellip; Hazel washed er&hellip; me miss."  
His words were so soft and tremulous that they were almost inaudible as he
  admitted the embarrassing fact to Mrs. Goodman.  
He shuddered involuntarily, feeling a huge shiver running through his body,
  as her fingertips moved further in-between his buttocks. He moaned suddenly
  as he felt the first contact to the sensitive opening of his bottom.  
"Arggghh&hellip; oooOOOH&hellip; please noo&hellip; no"  
His gasp of anguish did nothing to deter Mrs. Goodman from proceeding to
  tease his sphincter. Deftly her neatly manicured nails traced over the puckered
  entrance to his anus, causing the flesh to recoil and constrict violently each
  time she touched it.  
"Keep still now, I am not going to hurt you, but I will smack your little
  bottom if you are going to behave like a baby."  
Her words completely defeated the young boy. He shivered in shame as she
  continued her probing.  
"Now just relax your buttocks and give me proper access. Sometimes I despair
  at the antics of little boys."  
Constance looked up at Penny who had been enjoying watching her competent
  examination of Timothy. Constance spoke to her as if the boy were not present&hellip; although
  she still held his buttocks apart and was completely ignoring the squirming
  and shivering of his naked body.  
"I will not examine inside his bottom until after he has had his enema. I
  am sure that Ami and Jessica will help you prepare him and then perhaps Pat
  and Geraldine can come through and help you when you are ready to extract his
  semen. Does that sound alright to you?"  
Penny smiled to herself; she thought that Constance would have loved to have
  penetrated his bottom with her finger. She resolved to make sure that she provided
  her the right opportunity.  
Timothy listened in horror as they discussed him. He felt so belittled and
  humiliated that tears welled up in his eyes. He felt Constance remove her hands
  from the cheeks of his bottom and then a light tap on both of his buttocks
  as she bade him stand up.  
"Come along Timothy up you get and off you go with the nurse." Constance
  watched him struggle to an upright as she beckoned her maids to come forward.
  Ami and Jessica did not need any further prompting as they quickly moved to
  each side of the boy and took his hands in theirs. Timothy blushed once more
  as the pretty maids looked down at his swollen penis. Neither of them bothered
  to hide their amusement at his embarrassing nakedness.  
Penny could not help smirking as Timothy shamefacedly looked down to see
  that his penis, although not fully erect, was pointing outwards towards the
  young nurse.  
"If you will bring him through, I will get him ready." Penny announced to
  the young maids as she turned around and proceeded towards the corridor which
  led to the large downstairs bathroom.  
Gail and Susan watched with delight as Timothy was led out of the room, the
  young maids walking at either side of the naked boy as they followed the nurse
  towards the door.  
7 
Timothy was in turmoil. Never in his wildest dreams had he contemplated a
  predicament, so humiliating, so utterly embarrassing that he was in constant
  angst. Just a few days ago he had viewed himself as being a mature young adult.
  His role as man of the house had certainly been true as far as the tasks he
  performed. His mother had always treated him as being a caring and useful son
  who, after the death of his father and as soon as he had become old enough,
  had taken care of the many tasks that were required within the household.  
He had, like many young boys, always felt embarrassed and awkward when he
  was in the company of the opposite sex. If the girls were pretty he felt doubly
  shy, always feeling gauche and ill at ease in their presence. Susan was the
  only pretty girl that he had ever dared to talk to&hellip; and that was because
  she lived next door to him and that his mother often instructed him to go over
  and help with some chore or other.  
Since the age of ten he had made sure that wherever possible he was never
  in circumstances where he would be undressed in front of others. He had always
  locked his bathroom door, at least until the time he was sure that his mother
  was respecting his privacy.  
At school he had relied on the indifference and hurry of the changing rooms
  to make sure that he was alone when he had to change to and from his sports
  clothes.  
He had balked as he first entered the large ornate bathroom. Right in the
  middle of the black and white tiled floor of the bathroom, stood a huge cast
  iron and enamelled bath. Next to the bath was a semi-circular freestanding
  sink with a large flattened area between the taps where Penny had placed many
  of the creams and lubricants she carried.  
Timothy had not been able to help himself from looking at the large table
  which stood next to the portable massage bed; its surface was littered with
  several clear plastic enema bags, each holding a litre of solution. Long tubes
  which were attached to the corner of each of the bags, they appeared ominous
  with their large bulbous shaped nozzles. There were several gel suppositories
  of various sizes as well as several pre-lubricated retention plugs. To Timothy
  the most frightening object was the huge syringe which had already been filled
  with a clear liquid.  
As he lay naked upon the massage table, his distress was so great that he
  felt near to fainting. They made him sit upon the table and lie back until
  his head touched the pillow. The two pretty maids unceremoniously lifted his
  legs and splayed them outwards so that his knees were pressed towards his chest,
  raising his bottom up from the table. He felt completely open and exposed.
  His buttocks were parted and stretched wide and his genitals lay bare between
  his raised thighs, rudely displayed for anyone who cared to look.  
Both Jessica and Ami were able to hold his legs easily with one hand. Jessica
  began to stroke the inside of his thigh, her fingers trailing lightly over
  his smooth skin as she looked into his blushing face.  
To his distress he felt his penis becoming erect as the nurse casually donned
  rubber gloves and openly and deliberately made a great show of applying gel
  onto the fingers of her right hand. She made sure he was watching as she lowered
  her hand towards his widely parted bottom.  
"Deep breaths now sweetie and just try and relax like a good boy. There that's
  the way&hellip; in out, in out. Nice and deep."  
Penny delighted as the boy struggled to breathe deeply, his trauma interrupting
  his breathing with a gasp as Penny slipped her hand between his buttocks.  
"There that's the way." She cooed as she deftly inserted a lubricated finger
  up between the cheeks of his bottom. The maids watched in fascination as Penny
  intimately teased the young boy's sphincter with the tip of her finger. They
  watched as the muscle seemed to recoil as she moved her forefinger in a circular
  motion.  
"Relax now sweetie&hellip; I am just going to open your little bottom up
  for the nozzle. Don't clench your bottom so&hellip; oops there we are."  
Timothy closed his eyes in embarrassment as he felt the nurse's fingertip
  suddenly slip through his sphincter and up into his bottom. The sensation was
  agonisingly intense as she casually probed his bottom opening, her finger first
  retracting and then pushing further inside him with an upward movement. When
  she was satisfied that he was sufficiently lubricated she slid her finger up
  in such a vigorous motion that her knuckles slapped against the cheeks of his
  bottom.  
"Oooohhh pleeease miss&hellip; arggghhh."  
"Just relax sweetie pie, your little bottom is so tight and I don't want
  to hurt you with the nozzle."  
Timothy blushed, his cheeks turning bright red and his eyes squeezing shut,
  as the nurse continued probing deeper and deeper into his bottom. Suddenly
  he felt soft fingers curl around his testicles and lift them upwards. Involuntarily
  he opened his eyes to see that it was Ami who had casually taken hold of his
  scrotum. Her sexy mischievous eyes held an enquiring look as if she was daring
  him to reveal the sensation her hand was eliciting from his sensitive flesh.  
Deliberately she jiggled his testicles, causing his penis to wobble back
  and forth. Ami knew just how to elicit the maximum of sexual sensation from
  her touch. Her long slender fingers and beautifully manicured nails caressed
  and grazed over his plump testicles in such a way that the he felt a throb
  deep within his penis.  
The onslaught of stimulation at the hands of the young nurse and the maids
  was too much for him to bear and he moaned desperately for them to stop.  
"Ooohhh pleeeeeeeeease&hellip;. Er mmm&hellip; misss.. er nurse."  
He shivered with embarrassment as Ami looked down at him, observing his distress
  with an almost wicked delight. She curled her fingers behind his testicles,
  letting her nails scrape gently against the puckered skin.  
"Poor baby, having such swollen testicles at your age! It will much better
  when the nurse empties them for you."  
Ami delighted in the blush that suffused his cheeks as she spoke to him like
  a young child. Her fingers suddenly squeezing the soft orbs of flesh she was
  holding.  
Timothy's mind was in an utter confusion of emotions. His flesh felt goose
  pimpled and sensitive to every touch. He could feel every movement of the nurse's
  finger inside his bottom. His hips were trembling as he felt an incredible
  pressure each time her knuckle slipped in and out of his sphincter. His testicles
  were being cajoled and fondled so casually and nonchalantly by the pretty young
  maid, that it was if the sensation she was causing to him was of no consequence.  
He turned his face to pillow in shame as he felt his penis throb and pulse
  as the girls casually stimulated him, seemingly without concern as to his feelings.  
Penny saw his penis throb violently and noted that a clear drop of glistening
  moisture had appeared at the very tip. She knew that if she was not careful
  that it would not be long before he lost control and ejaculated.  
Quickly she pulled her finger from his bottom and reached over to the table
  for one of the enema bags and a large gel suppository. With a deft and practiced
  movement she slipped the end of the nozzle into his bottom and released the
  tie. She pushed upwards as water began to enter into the long tube.  
"Arggghhh&hellip;. oooooOOOHH."  
Timothy almost yelped as penny slid the lubricated tube up into his colon.
  Immediately she began to squeeze the bag, observing the boy's face as the water
  flooded into his tummy. She continued to squeeze in a long fluid motion that
  kept the water at a constant pressure.  
"Arrggghhh&hellip; ooohhhh.. please miss."  
Penny saw him grimace and stopped for a moment. "If you would rub his little
  tummy Jessica, it will make it easier for him. Jessica smiled knowingly at
  Penny and promptly laid the palm of her hand flat on his tummy and began to
  stroke in a circular motion. She made sure that her wrist smoothed over the
  tip of his penis as she caressed his flesh. Penny could not help give Jessica
  a conspiring look as the young maid deliberately brushed her wrist against
  the boy's penis on each rotation of her hand.  
"Ooooohhh er&hellip; please er missss."  
Timothy was writhing upon the table by the time the entire contents had been
  expelled from the bag and into his tummy. Although he was not in pain the acute
  sensation of the water gushing inside him had stimulated his prostate. The
  maids continued to caress his flesh, their experienced touches eliciting the
  maximum amount of sexual stimulation from the young boy's sensitive body.  
Penny held the bag high and squeezed once more, making sure that the entire
  contents had entered his bottom. She placed the empty bag on the surface of
  the table and took the gel suppository. With a practiced motion she slid the
  tube from his bottom and quickly pushed the large gel suppository hard against
  his sphincter.  
"Ooooh missssss." Timothy hissed as he felt the pressure against the opening
  to his bottom.  
"One big deep breath&hellip; you can do that for me Timothy."  
Penny did not wait for Timothy to take a deep breath. Deftly she slipped
  the large torpedo shaped gel suppository straight up into his bottom, her finger
  sliding up through his sphincter as she pushed it home.  
"Argggggggghhhhhh&hellip; Nooooooo&hellip;"  
"Never mind sweetie it's all in now." Her voice was soft and gentle in contrast
  to the firm thrust of her finger as she forced it well up inside him.  
"There sweet baby&hellip; that should keep you water tight while I just give
  you a quick shave." She could see his face freshly reddening as she left Ami
  holding his testicles and Jessica slowly smoothing her hand over his bloated
  tummy.  
His shaving was carried out in complete silence. The embarrassment of having
  his testicles lifted this way and that, while shaving foam was liberally applied
  over all his pubic area and in-between the cheeks of his bottom, left him dumbstruck.  
He sighed and laid his head to the side in utter shame as Penny carefully
  shaved every inch of his genital area. Her cool soft touch was accompanied
  by that of the maids as they lifted his testicles and moved his penis to and
  fro to facilitate the movement of the safety razor.  
His shame knew no bounds as eventually they helped him down. The nurse's
  hand pressed tightly up between the cheeks of his bottom as he was made to
  hobble towards the toilet bowl.  
His crowning humiliation was when the nurse casually put her hand flat against
  his bloated tummy as he sat shame-faced upon the toilet seat. Without warning
  she pressed the palm of her hand firmly into his tummy in a flurry of vigourous
  thrusts. Timothy did not know what was happening to him until suddenly the
  suppository burst from anus and the entire contents of his tummy rushed out
  of him and into the toilet bowl.  
His shame was so great that he looked up at the young nurse in complete bewilderment,
  tears suddenly forming in his eyes as he realised that everyone had observed
  the emptying of his bowels.  
The maids and the nurse looked down on him as he instinctively clasped his
  hands to his genitals. Ami had an amused expression on her pretty face as she
  turned towards the bath and bent sexily over the taps as she pushed the plug
  into the waste.  
Timothy could do nothing but sit where he was as Jessica watched over him
  while Penny went to the table and took the large syringe. The look of pure
  anguish on Timothy's face made Jessica smile. She could not help her amusement
  as the boy watched Penny liberally coat the nozzle of the large syringe with
  a lubricating gel.  
He visibly trembled as the nurse approached with the syringe in her hands.
  The nozzle looked fat and thick as she held it towards him.  
"Pleeeeeaaase nnnooooooooo misss&hellip; er pleeease, please not that."  
 Timothy could not stop his emotional outburst as the nurse approached him.  
"Pleeeaaase er n'nurse not with that&hellip; oh no, pleeeease no."  
Penny could not deny her own pleasure as she observed his horror at seeing
  the syringe. She could not have explained the thrill she felt when she inserted
  the nozzle into a young boy's bottom and pressed the plunger&hellip; or the
  thrill as he gasped and arched his back as his insides were flooded. Nevertheless
  she did not intend to deny herself this special occasion with such a perfectly
  beautiful boy as Timothy.  
"Come along my young man; let's have no nonsense, shall we?" She turned to
  Jessica.  
"Would you be so kind as to wipe his bottom for me?" Timothy suddenly turned
  pale as Jessica smiled at him and laid her hand on his shoulder as she reached
  over and tore off several sheets of toilet tissue from the roll. She took his
  wrist and gently pulled first one hand and then the other from his genitals
  and placed them on his thighs.  
He was near to fainting as Jessica spoke to him, her beautiful face only
  inches from his. "Now open you legs wide like a good little boy and let me
  wipe your little bottom for you."  
Timothy shamefacedly parted his knees a few inches. Penny admonished him
  immediately.  
"Now I have warned you before, I will not tolerate this naughty behaviour
  from young children. Now get those knees as wide apart as they will go. I can
  easily take you across my knee and smack that naughty bottom of yours."  
Timothy's pallor was suddenly replaced by an almighty blush. He opened his
  legs, aware that his penis was hanging down between his legs, completely on
  view to the nurse and the two maids.  
"That's better sweet boy, now I can just slip my hands between your legs
  and wipe your little bottom for you."  
Jessica's sweet and caring voice did nothing to assuage the acute embarrassment
  and humiliation that Timothy felt. He looked up to the ceiling in shame as
  he felt Jessica rest her left hand upon his thigh while she reached between
  his legs. Deliberately she let her wrist and forearm rub against his penis
  as she slipped the tissue between the cheeks of his bottom.  
To Timothy the shame of having a pretty young girl wipe his bottom for him
  was all too much. He could feel the tears roll down his cheeks as Jessica wiped
  thoroughly between his buttocks.  
Jessica let the tissue fall into the bowl as she stood up. She crossed over
  to the sink to wash her hands as Penny moved to stand in front of the boy.
  She held the nozzle of the syringe between her fingers, sliding them up and
  down over the bulbous end almost as if it were a penis. The lubricant glistened
  on her fingers as she looked down and spoke to him.  
"Stand up and go over to the bath. I just want to have a look in the toilet
  bowl to see what you have managed to do."  
Timothy blushed again as he struggled to his feet, his hands once more clasping
  together over his genitals. He stumbled over to the bath, his hands clasped
  desperately to his groin as he tried to avoid the interested gaze of the two
  maids.  
Ami had filled the bath to a quarter full and was now standing looking at
  Timothy with an amused expression on her face. He blushed as she raised her
  eyebrows and looked down at his hands which were clasped firmly to his groin.
  He turned away from her in embarrassment, facing the bath as he heard the toilet
  flush and the voice of the nurse.  
"Right young man, its time for you to bend over and grasp your ankles. Legs
  wide apart if you please."  
He trembled as he heard Penny's instructions. He did not move, instead he
  looked over his shoulder at the young nurse, his face a testament to his humiliation.  
"Come along&hellip;" Penny's voice was bright and cheerful as she addressed
  the trembling boy. "I want you bent over, your legs spread apart and your hands
  clasping your ankles. I am warning you that your unwillingness will not go
  unrewarded."  
Timothy trembled and shook as he bent over, slowly he shuffled his bare feet
  until his legs were spread wide and then, unclasping his hands from his genitals,
  he bent further over until he could grasp his ankles.  
Penny savoured the moment as she stood behind him and examined his body.
  His buttocks quivered as she held the syringe with one hand and placed her
  fingers gently on his bottom. She was not surprised as a huge shiver ran through
  his body. She knew that the trepidation he was feeling would be manifested
  at the first touch of her hand upon his naked body.  
"Don't be nervous now and try and relax&hellip; this won't take a minute.
  Her greased fingers caressed the nozzle once more as she spoke to Ami and Jessica.
  Would you both hold his buttocks apart for me? If you stand one at either side
  that will be ideal to stretch his little bottom open."  
Although she had instructed Ami and Jessica in what to do, her words were
  also intended for the young boy. She could see his knees shaking as Ami and
  Jessica casually bent over the boy at either side of his body. Penny smiled
  as the delicate fingers of the young maids slipped deep into the crevice of
  his bottom and together they stretched the pliant mounds of flesh wide apart.  
"arggghh&hellip;oh&hellip;oh&hellip;oh&hellip; miss&hellip;er oooohhh."  
Timothy's protestations were music to her ears as Penny stood admiring the
  sight of the boy being so rudely exposed.  
Penny relished every moment as she placed her greased hand between his bottom
  cheeks. Deliberately she teased his sphincter, watching as the flesh recoiled
  at her touch. Dexterously she insinuated her finger into the small opening,
  pushing gently but firmly until her knuckle disappeared inside him.  
"OOOOooooohhhhhhhhh&hellip; arggggggggggggghhhhhh."  
Timothy wailed as he felt the slender finger of the nurse impale his tender
  bottom.  
"Oooooohhhhh"  
He cried out as her finger began to slide in and out of him, the knuckle
  producing an intense sensation as it passed through the ring of the sphincter.  
"Now take a deep breath and relax your bottom for me, my sweet child. I am
  going to insert the nozzle up into your little bottom."  
Penny was in heaven as she introduced the bulbous end of the syringe to the
  opening of his bottom.  
In one fluid motion she slipped her finger from his sphincter and immediately
  pushed the tip of the syringe against the opening. She watched in fascination
  as the muscle tried to resist the intrusion of the bulbous tip of the syringe&hellip; and
  then suddenly give way to the pressure she was exerting, allowing the nozzle
  to slide up easily into his anus.  
The effect on the boy was startling&hellip; his body tensed and he tried
  to rear up, only to be held in position by Ami and Jessica.  
"OOOOOOOOOoooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; aaaarrrrrrrrrgggggggghhhhh."  
His wail of distress filled the bathroom with the sound of anguish as he
  was impaled firmly upon the end of the syringe.  
 Penny's voice was cool and calm, belying the excitement she felt, as she
  pushed the nozzle even further up into his quivering bottom.  
"Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... pleeeeeeeeeeease nooooooo"  
Penny ignored his pleas; instead she spoke to him as if he were a small child.  
"There we are try and relax now&hellip; just keep well bent over while I
  rinse inside your little bottom."  
She turned her head towards Ami, but addressed both of the maids.  
"You can both let go of him now, I am sure he will be a good little boy and
  take his medicine like a man."  
Ami gave both Jessica and Penny a knowing look. She had a very good idea
  what the reaction of the boy would be and understood why Penny had instructed
  them to let him go.  
Timothy waited&hellip;his feeling of acute nervousness enveloped his whole
  body. He felt like a young schoolboy awaiting the first stroke of the cane.  
For a moment there was absolute expectant silence in the room.  
Suddenly&hellip; coolly and clinically, Penny pushed the plunger.  
She knew from experience that the boy would not be able to stand up quickly
  enough to escape the full contents of the syringe. She also knew that however
  well disciplined the subject was, that they would inevitably stand upright
  as the water squirted into them.  
She made sure that she moved forward with the syringe as she pressed the
  plunger firmly. Timothy's reaction was better than she had hoped. He arched
  his back&hellip; and with a cry of despair let go of his ankles and stood upright
  with every muscle tensed as if he had been electrocuted.  
His buttocks clenched together and for a moment, his body froze rigid&hellip; every
  muscle locked in a spasm.  
He closed his legs together and to Penny's absolute delight stood up on his
  tiptoes with his face raised towards the ceiling as he wailed in distress.  
"OoooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH."  
Penny could not help pushing the syringe further into his bottom as he cried
  out. Her words were cool and calm; almost teasing as she spoke to him like
  one would to a young child.  
"Poor baby, never mind, it's all over now. Jessica and Ami will help you
  bend over again while I withdraw the syringe and you can go and sit on a chair
  for a while before I let you sit your little bottom on the toilet."  
She looked at Ami and Jessica who had watched the proceedings with hidden
  delight.  
"Will you bend him over and hold him firmly. I would like his bottom stretched
  wide again while I extricate the syringe from his little bottom."  
Eventually the maids got his trembling and shaking body into position as
  Penny patiently held the syringe. She slipped a gel suppository from her pocket
  and as the maids stretched his buttocks wide, she slowly withdrew the nozzle
  until the bulbous tip was stretching his sphincter muscle.  
"Oooohhhh&hellip; oh..oh"  
She heard him moan as she let the muscle be dilated by the tip for a few
  seconds, before quickly withdrawing it and at the same time slipping the suppository
  straight up into his bottom. She pushed up quickly with her finger, ignoring
  his distress as her knuckle disappeared inside him.  
"There&hellip; all done. What a fuss you little boys seem to make about your
  bottoms."  
Penny's words brought another blush of shame to his cheeks, his face already
  red from his bent position.  
She left the maids holding him while she replaced the syringe back on the
  table and took off her rubber gloves. She took a straight backed chair and
  placed it behind him.  
"If you would both like to sit him down on the chair he can stay like that
  for a few minutes to let his rinse work properly."  
The maids helped a shameful and utterly humiliated Timothy onto the chair.
  Mischievously Ami looked him in the eye and then looked down at his penis and
  testicles. His penis was hanging down limply between his legs, he was just
  about to cover himself when Ami reached down between his legs and took hold
  of his flaccid member. She looked into his face and spoke gently, noting the
  glistening of tears in his eyes.  
"I think you would do well to put your hands on your knees rather than keep
  touching your little penis. It is not good for little boys to keep playing
  with themselves."  
Timothy blushed instantly as the maid held his penis within her long slender
  fingers. Her bright red nails contrasted sharply with the pale timid flesh
  of his genitals. She patted him on the cheek before letting go of him.  
Penny smiled to herself as she heard Ami admonish Timothy. She busied herself
  tidying her equipment as she thought about which way would be the best way
  handle the boy to the satisfaction of everyone. She beckoned Ami and Jessica
  across to the other side of the room, occasionally glancing across at Timothy
  as they spoke in low tones well out of the earshot of the young boy.  
The girls talked together for about ten minutes, glancing over to Timothy
  occasionally, as he sat with his naked buttocks upon the wooden chair.  
It was ten minutes later before she placed Timothy upon the toilet. She took
  hold of both his penis and testicles and lifted them up gently as she looked
  between his legs as he evacuated clear water into the bowl.  
"There we are&hellip; what a good boy. Your bottom is nice and clean now,
  so I am going to let Ami and Jessica give you a nice bath while I tell Mrs
  Goodman that you are ready.  
Timothy blushed immediately as Ami and Jessica quickly took his arms and
  led him to the bath.  
It was Jessica whom instructed him. "Right hop in young man and then stand
  up straight with your legs spread apart. I am afraid we will need those hands
  of yours out of the way."  
They made him step into the bath and stand up with his hands placed upon
  his head and with his legs spread wide apart. Both of the maids stood back
  and examined him intently. Jessica leaned forward and taking the soap, dipped
  her hands in the water. She lathered her hands, watching his horrified expression
  as she made a deliberate show of applying the lather. Ami followed suit, both
  girls standing in front of him as he began to tremble with the indignity of
  his position.  
It was Ami that first moved forward. The palm of her hand was placed in an
  upward position as she reached between his legs and cupped his scrotum. Timothy
  jerked his body with the acute sensation of her fingers as the young maid casually
  took hold of his testicles. Her other hand reached forward and without preamble
  took a firm grip of his penis.  
"Now keep still while we wash you thoroughly. Jessica moved around the bath
  to the other side. Ami heard the boy gasp in shock as her friend deftly parted
  the boy's buttocks and slipped her fingers in-between the firm cheeks.  
Penny smiled as she watched the competent handling of the young boy by the
  maids. Penny knew that there was obviously more to the girls than mere servants
  to fetch and carry. She smiled to herself as she left the room to inform Mrs
  Goodman that the boy was ready.  
"Stand up straight for Mrs Goodman now!" Ami spoke gently as she placed her
  hand on his shoulder. Timothy was standing in front of the massage table; his
  face was contorted in distress and seemed near to tears as he watched Mrs.
  Goodman and the nurse enter the bathroom. They were accompanied by the two
  young secretaries, Pat and Geraldine, as well as Gail and Susan.  
The last thirty minutes had been a constant and relentless sequence of embarrassments
  for the young boy. He had been made to adopt the most undignified of positions
  while the young maids had bathed him. They had delighted in handling him so
  intimately that he had felt close to ejaculating several times. Their hands
  had spared him no modesty as they had washed every inch of his body. The final
  humiliating act had been to continually pour cold water over his penis and
  testicles until his rigid member had finally become flaccid.  
He was still trembling and blushing from this indignity as the maids had
  dried him quickly and made him stand in front of the massage table with his
  hands on his head, waiting for the return of the nurse.  
Mrs Goodman spoke to him; her voice was soft and gentle. "My you do look
  a nice clean boy! I am going to let the nurse and my secretaries position you
  on the table so that I can have a little feel inside your bottom and then Penny
  is going to make you ejaculate." Mrs Goodman ignored his look of horror as
  she continued as if it were the most common thing in the world to tell a young
  boy that he is to be forced to ejaculate in front of so many young women.  
 "Now just stand still for a moment, Geraldine just needs to measure you." Geraldine
  moved forward, holding a small tape measure in her hands. Quickly, she looped
  it around his waist and noted the measurement. She moved to his side and held
  the end of the measure against the small of his back and let it rail down over
  his buttocks. As if it was of no concern to her, she reached between his legs,
  her hand brushing against his penis and testicles as she caught hold of the
  tape and pulled it through, this time moving his penis and testicles aside
  as she stretched the measure up and held it against his navel. Again she noted
  the measurement to herself as she released the end which was pressed against
  the small of his back. She placed the tape back in the pocket of her skirt
  and moved in front of him.  
"Keep still please Timothy." She watched his face contort with embarrassment
  as he watched her cup her hands together and clasp them around his penis and
  testicles. She thrilled when she felt him shiver at the touch of her cool fingers
  enveloping his genitals. She watched his face blush and heard him gasp as she
  encased her hands around his intimate flesh. "There that's fine." She took
  her hands away and turned to Mrs. Goodman. "I am sure I can make something
  appropriate, it will only take a few minutes." She moved away and watched as
  Mrs Goodman stepped forward, her lithe body only inches away from Timothy as
  she looked into his blushing face.  
She stroked her hand against his cheek as Pat and Geraldine quickly moved
  to each side of his naked body and took hold of his arms. Without a moments
  delay they moved him backwards until his bottom was touching the end of the
  table. "Take your hands from your head and sit up on the table, here let me
  help you." Geraldine's voice sounded low and sensual as both girls quickly
  got him up and sitting on the end of the table.  
"Over we go now." The alarm and embarrassment on Timothy's face delighted
  the young secretaries as they laid him back and placed his arms at each side
  of his head until they were stretched out and laying flat on the table. Gail
  and Susan quickly moved to the head of the table and took his hands in theirs,
  holding him firmly as they looked down into his face observing his acute distress.
  His lips were trembling and as Gail stroked her hand against his cheek, he
  flushed a deep shade of red.  
Timothy was trembling visibly. His young body was stretched out with part
  of his bottom and his legs hanging over the end of the table. He could feel
  the cool air around his freshly shaven genitals. He looked up to see Gail looking
  down at him. Her beautiful face and perfect body unnerved him, he blushed as
  she leaned over him.  
Try and be good while mummy examines you." Gail spoke softly as her face
  moved closer to his. Her lips felt soft and gentle as she kissed him tenderly
  on the lips. Timothy looked at her, his face betraying his feelings of love
  and supplication at such a tender gesture. Gail continued to look into his
  eyes noting how vulnerable the young boy was to even the most simple act of
  affection.  
Susan moved around to the end of the table and took both of his hands placing
  them flat on the bed with the palms upwards. She leaned over so that her breasts
  fitted exactly against each upturned hand. She took hold of his arms, holding
  him completely captive as her breasts pressed deliciously against his hands.  
She could see that Constance was busy lubricating the fingers of her right
  hand. The clear gel made her hand glisten under the strong ceiling lights as
  Constance greased several of her fingers before screwing the cap back upon
  the large tube of lubricating gel.  
Holding his attention with her tender look and loving expression, Gail made
  a kissing gesture with her lips, aware that her mother had finished her preparations
  for the boy's internal examination. She placed her hand tenderly on his cheek
  as Pat and Geraldine unceremoniously hoisted his legs into the air, pushing
  backwards and outwards, until his knees were spread wide at either side of
  his chest.  
Gail felt a thrill as he gasped at the indignity of the positioning of his
  legs, grunting again as suddenly Mrs Goodman deftly slipped her lubricated
  finger straight up into his bottom.  
"There my poor baby, try and relax while mummy examines inside your little
  bottom." Gail's soft and gentle voice was at odds with the vigorous impalement
  of his bottom. He tried to rear up but was held gently by the girls. The young
  maids had moved to each side of the bed, their soft hands stroking over the
  inside of his thighs as he began to tremble with emotion.  
"Now try and relax your bottom and I will be as gentle as I can." It was
  Mrs Goodman who spoke as she probed more deeply with her finger. Timothy gasped
  loudly as her finger quickly located his prostate gland. The slender tip of
  her forefinger gently probed and teased the soft firm flesh as she spoke once
  more.  
"Yes&hellip; I think you feel fine up there. One more little push now and
  it will be all over." Constance delighted in the squirming of his hips and
  his gasps of indignation as she firmly pushed deeper and deeper into his bottom.
  The excitement she felt was overwhelming and for a moment she felt a pang of
  envy that her daughter would be able to enjoy this experience as and when she
  wanted.  
Gail certainly echoed her mother's excitement at the boy's humiliating impalement
  and his obvious embarrassment and humiliation. For Gail the pleasure was in
  watching the boy's face as she inflamed his senses with her soft and gently
  spoken words of comfort, knowing full well the stimulating effect that her
  mother's finger was having upon the young boy's body.  
She delighted in his torment as he tried to turn his head from side to side,
  his face blushing profusely and his breath rasping through his trembling lips.
  Gail leaned over him with her lips close to his.  
"Poor baby&hellip; never mind&hellip; there, there it will all be over soon.
  Now try and be a brave boy when the nurse milks you and keep your little bottom
  relaxed so that she can get her finger right inside of you.  
Although Gail's voice was soothing and comforting, her well chosen words
  had entirely the opposite effect upon him. Rather than putting him at his ease,
  she had deliberately caused him to blush profusely, his face flushing to such
  a bright red that she could feel the heat from his cheeks. His lips trembled
  with utter embarrassment as she looked into his eyes.  
"Poor baby&hellip; having to have his little bottom examined, never mind&hellip; just
  relax now." Gail kissed him gently on his forehead and at the same time laid
  her hand upon his chest. Callously she pinched his nipple, timing the action
  to the firm thrust of the finger within his bottom as she watched her mother
  out of the corner of her eye  
Constance could not relinquish the pleasure of one firm last push up into
  the boy's rectum before she reluctantly withdrew her finger from his sphincter,
  the tight ring of muscle protesting as her knuckle passed through it.  
She noted that the boy's penis had begun to twitch and slowly distend, rolling
  to and fro upon his tummy as he squirmed with distress. Not surprising, she
  thought, considering the amount of stimulus the boy was receiving from the
  hands of the girls.  
Penny was aware of the reluctance at which Constance had withdrawn her finger
  from the young boy's bottom. She was also very much aware that she had witnessed
  someone who was well used to handling and stimulating the erogenous zones of
  the human body. The deft entry of Constance's lubricated finger into the boy's
  bottom and her expert probing had quickly elicited a deep and anguished response.
  His body had shuddered and quivered with emotion as Constance had tailored
  the movement of her finger to his naive attempts to escape her torment.  
Penny made up her mind and looked at Constance, making sure that her face
  betrayed none of the surprise she felt at the woman's expert and experienced
  handling of the young boy's body.  
"I wonder if I might ask you to er&hellip; stimulate his prostate while I
  take care of his penis. Would that be alright?"  
Constance was as ever the perfect diplomat as she looked at the nurse and
  replied nonchalantly. * Yes of course Penny."  
Constance immediately took the tube of lubricant as Penny turned to Ami and
  addressed her loudly so that the boy would also hear her words. "If you would
  take the place of Geraldine and hold his leg, keeping it well away from the
  table&hellip; yes that's the way&hellip; nice and wide so that his bottom is
  properly stretched." She turned to Jessica.  
"Jessica, if you would do likewise and take the place of Patricia."  
 She watched as the girls changed places, noting that the two maids had stretched
  his legs even more widely apart than before.  
"Right Geraldine, if you would be ready with one of the test tubes. All you
  have to do is place it near the end of his penis as he ejaculates. I will tell
  you when."  
Geraldine smiled, the mischief in her eyes signalling her delight at the
  task ahead. Deliberately she placed one of her hands on the juncture between
  his pubis and his thigh, feeling his body shiver at the intimate contact of
  her cool fingers. She turned to the table and took one of the large glass test
  tubes. Making sure that the boy had a perfect view she held up the test tube
  and spoke to him, her tone brisk and clinical as she observed his blushing
  face and trembling lips. "Now we want a nice big ejaculation from you, so try
  and be a good boy and allow the nurse to extract as much as she can from those
  plump testicles of yours."  
Constance could not help smiling to herself as she heard her young secretary
  address the boy, her words obviously intended to increase his embarrassment
  and humiliation.  
Penny beckoned Patricia to stand by the boy's waist. "If you would lift his
  testicles for me and keep them out of the way Patricia, I think we are ready
  to start."  
Penny looked at Timothy, who had to his utter embarrassment heard every word. "Right
  young man&hellip; I am going to make you ejaculate; I want you to try and control
  yourself and resist the temptation to release your semen for as long as possible.
  Will you try and do that for me?"  
Timothy groaned with utter embarrassment, his face was on fire with the anguish
  and humiliation he was feeling. To make matters worse, his totally humiliating
  and shameful milking was to be enacted in front of Susan and Gail. He blushed
  again, his whole body shivering with emotion as Gail added more fuel to his
  shame. "Answer the nurse Timothy, will you try and control yourself while the
  nurse milks you?  
Timothy could only shiver and shake as he muttered his reply. "er.. pleeeease&hellip; er
  y'yes er miss&hellip; er I mean nurse."  
Gail smiled at him, the soft and gentle smile that one would give to a small
  child.  
Penny watched as without further preamble, Patricia reached forward and cupped
  the young boy's testicles in the palm of her hand. She ignored his gasp of
  anguish as she nodded towards Constance, lifting his testicles upwards so that
  Constance had ample access to the widely splayed cheeks of his young bottom.  
"Take a deep breath now." Penny commanded as she watched Constance tease
  the tightly puckered anus of Timothy's sphincter with the tip of her finger.
  Suddenly Constance pushed her finger forward, watching the carefully manicured
  nail slip through the quivering ring of muscle. Slowly, inexorably&hellip; her
  finger slid upwards causing him to groan in anguish as he was fully penetrated.  
Penny smiled to herself as she watched the boy's penis start throbbing, lifting
  off his tummy by its own volition. Casually she gently flicked the tip of the
  penis with her fingers, moving her hand from side to side as her nails brushed
  over the sensitive tip with the merest of pressure .  
"Ooooohhhhhh&hellip; er pleeeease.. er" Timothy was beside himself with shame
  and embarrassment as Penny continued toying with his penis until it was standing
  straight up in the air. The rigid flesh was straining and throbbing with the
  combined and continual sensations the girls were inflicting on his body.  
It was a pure act of self indulgence as Penny reached forward and grasped
  the shaft of his penis in her right hand. Pulling the foreskin back as far
  as it would stretch; she flattened the palm of her right hand and placed it
  over the sensitive opening of the urethra.  
She knew full well what the reaction of the boy would be as casually, almost
  nonchalantly, she rubbed the palm against the opening of the urethra in a circular
  motion. Instantly the boy's body tensed as if he had been given a mild electric
  shock. He gasped loudly, his hips writhing as he tried to escape the acute,
  almost unbearable sensation. Gail watched Penny out of the corner of her eye,
  noting that the young nurse was holding his penis firmly and completely ignoring
  the frantic writhing and squirming of his hips.  
Gail looked down into Timothy's face, noting the look of absolute anguish
  and terror in his eyes as he thrashed his head from side to side.  
"Arggggghhhhhhhhhh&hellip; ooooooooOOOOOOOOOOHHHH please er missss er stop
  oh ohh pleeease stop."  
She could never have explained the thrill she felt as she spoke to him calmly,
  her tone deliberately soft and gentle, in absolute and utter contrast to the
  tormented movements of his body.  
"Poor baby, it will all be over soon&hellip;. there, there my sweetie, be
  a brave little boy."  
Her words seemed to inflame the boy's senses even more; he writhed and groaned
  in abject anguish as Penny forced him to endure the movement of her hand against
  the tip of his penis. She nodded to Constance, who casually stretched his sphincter
  upwards as she slipped a second finger up into his bottom. Suddenly Penny took
  the flattened palm of her hand way from the tip of his penis and pulled the
  foreskin up and over the head. Quickly and expertly she used both hands to
  manipulate the flesh in a smooth and expert milking motion.  
Timothy looked upwards in anguish as his penis was expertly stimulated to
  an unbearable and excruciating fever pitch and at the same time, his sphincter
  stretched wide to accommodate the relentless probing of his prostate gland.
  He felt that his whole being was being invaded; every part of his body seemed
  to be at the mercy of the girls' expert and sensual stroking.  
The beautiful face of his head girl looked down at him, her expression serene
  and aloof, clinically observing his dire humiliation and embarrassment.  
Penny was aware that, because of the constant sexual arousal Timothy had
  been subjected to from the moment he had entered the house, he would not be
  able to control himself for very long. She could already feel the vigorous
  throbbing of his penis as she milked him expertly and thoroughly, her hands
  moving up and down in a constant and dominant cycle of squeezing and stroking.  
As if on queue, his hips raised from the table, his body incapable of any
  control as he trembled and shook with emotion. Penny smiled as she saw Gail
  look at her with a knowing smile and then bend her head until her lips were
  close to Timothy's.  
The boy arched his back in utter abandonment, his bottom lifted off the table
  and his legs tensed. His muscles locked into a solid mass as if he was in cramp.
  Nonchalantly the maids altered their grip upon his knees, handling his quivering
  form with ease. They adjusted their position and in doing so pulled his legs
  even wider apart as they held him captive and at the mercy the nurses busy
  fingers.  
Several things happened simultaneously as the first globules of semen suddenly
  erupted from the tip of the boy's penis.  
Jessica calmly held the test tube close to the tip of the straining flesh
  of his penis, competently catching the strings of viscous milky fluid in the
  glass as they jetted upwards.  
Constance thrust her fingers firmly up into his bottom, jabbing and prodding
  the prostate gland mercilessly as she watched his anguished ejaculation. Patricia
  suddenly squeezed the boy's testicles, firmly applying pressure to the soft
  and swollen orbs of his testes. She could feel them move in her hand as semen
  continued to pump from his penis. She relished the thrill that coursed between
  her thighs as she casually instinctively smacked his upturned bottom with the
  palm of her hand.  
"Slap&hellip; slap&hellip;. Slappppp&hellip; smackkkk." Her palm beat rapidly
  against his unprotected flesh. His bottom cheeks quivered and shook as she
  calmly slapped his buttocks as if he was a naughty child. Constance showed
  no surprise, knowing full well the depth of knowledge that her young secretary
  had in sexually stimulating the human body.  
Penny however was suitably impressed with the nonchalant way that the young
  secretary soundly spanked the young boy's buttocks with a dozen hard slaps
  before gently rubbing her hand round and around over his injured flesh.  
"Arghhhhhhhh ooooohhhhhhh argggghhhhhh MMmmmmmm."  
Suddenly Timothy's anguished cry was cut short as Gail fastened her mouth
  over his, his chest heaving violently as he was immediately denied breath.
  Susan held his arms firmly, her young breasts thrusting down hard against the
  palms of his hands as she watched Gail feel for his nipples and then cruelly
  squeeze both of them between her fingers and thumbs.  
The girls held him in this state of agonising suspension for several seconds.
  His body tensed in a paroxysm of complete and utter torment. His penis pumping
  semen into the test tube as his body was locked in one massive and absolute
  spasm.  
His flesh shuddered in relief as Gail suddenly released his lips, allowing
  him to draw air in one mighty intake of breath. She could see from the glazed
  look in his eyes that he was near to fainting; she looked down towards his
  genitals, fascinated by the amount of semen that was still squirting from his
  penis. She spoke to him coolly, her voice eliciting an even more anguished
  expression from his young face.  
"Try and give me a few more big squirts, there's a good little soldier. Nurse
  wants you to try your best&hellip;. there that's the way."  
She squeezed his nipples once more before laying her hands flat against his
  chest and stroked downwards over his tummy. The action seemed to cause the
  boy even more distress as Gail demonstrated the fact that she had complete
  access to every part of his body.  
Suddenly the tension seemed to drain from his body. His muscles relaxed and
  his hips fell back on to the massage bed. He gasped, his mouth sagging open
  as his reluctant and climatic orgasm came to an end.  
Penny slowed her hands squeezing upwards towards the head of his penis, patiently
  milking him until the last bead of milky fluid appeared at the tip.  
She patted his bottom as she took her hands away from his softening flesh.
  She watched as Constance slipped her fingers from the boy's bottom and Patricia
  casually squeezed his testes before letting them hang unhindered between his
  widely spread thighs. Timothy looked upwards at Gail. His embarrassment was
  complete and total as she looked down at him, the picture of her beautiful
  face was etched upon his psyche as he trembled with deep emotion.  
Her words completed his utter and abiding degradation. "My oh my, little
  boys do seem to make so much fuss. Don't you feel ashamed at making all that
  noise while you were having your little penis milked? I hope you are not going
  to continue to be a naughty boy when it's time for the nurse to empty the rest
  of your semen from those soft little plums of yours, are you?"  
Timothy was beside himself with embarrassment and humiliation. He could never
  in his wildest dreams have contemplated such utter degradation and anguish.
  He blushed with shame as Gail leaned over him, her words sending shivers through
  his spine as she casually brushed the back of her hand over his chest.  
She felt him shiver with even greater anguish as her fingers trailing lightly
  against his skin; deliberately she traced a circle over his tummy before brushing
  the palm of her hand further down his body. She looked into his face, watching
  the blood rush to his cheeks as casually she smoothed her delicate fingers
  over his flaccid penis before gently cupping her hand under his testicles.  
She delighted in the look of pure anguish on his face as she nested the soft
  testes in the palm of her hand. "Well these must feel a lot more comfortable
  now Timothy. The skin is nowhere near as tight."  
She jiggled them, watching his eyes flinch as she gently squeezed his scrotum,
  lifting the scrotal sac up and out from between his legs. "Yes Timothy&hellip; you
  ought to say 'thank you' to the nurse for draining you so thoroughly." She
  looked down at him, her smile showing her even white teeth between her beautiful
  lips.  
Timothy had a sudden and incredible urge to try and cover himself. The slight
  movement of his hands caused him even more embarrassment as he felt Susan press
  her body down firmly against his upturned palms. The feel of her soft breasts
  made him blush in confusion as she stifled his movements.  
To Constance's growing admiration for her daughter, it was Gail that took
  charge and ushered them all out of the large bathroom. The only remaining people
  were Gail, Susan and the young nurse. Gail had used a soft hand towel, folded
  into a triangle, to cover the young boy's naked loins.  
She had kissed him softly on the lips and instructed him to close his eyes
  and rest for a while. A tear had slowly run down his blushing cheek as he had
  obeyed her instruction. She beckoned the girls to leave the bathroom quietly,
  as she gently stroked her hand over Timothy's chest, noting that his body was
  still shivering with the trauma of his violent ejaculation.  
The warmth of the room and the silence that ensued after the girls had left
  allowed him to drift into a light sleep.  
It was twenty five minutes later when Gail gently touched the boy's cheek,
  her fingers trailing softly over his young skin. He awoke slowly, his He looked
  around to see that the young nurse and Susan were also standing by the massage
  bed, watching him as he awoke.  
"There we are Timothy, you've had a nice little rest. Now we are just going
  to get you up on to your hands and knees." She watched the boy open his eyes
  and look at her, his expression was one of surprise, quickly turning to alarm
  as she told him what she was about to do to him.  
"The nurse thinks it would be best if both Susan and I have a little feel
  inside your bottom in case there is an occasion when there is no-one else to
  help her with your therapies. I promise we will be gentle with you and you
  need not feel embarrassed as there is only Susan and myself here apart from
  the nurse of course. Now will you roll over on to your tummy and then get up
  on you hands and knees."  
Timothy blushed immediately, his cheeks turning to a bright red as he heard
  her softly spoken words. His embarrassment deepened as Susan nonchalantly placed
  her hand on his chest and smoothed her fingers down over his tummy to his waist.
  She looked at him, noting the alarm in his eyes as she lifted the towel which
  covered his genitals and folded it into a square. She placed the towel on the
  table behind her and pressed her hand on his waist. "Right over you go&hellip; let's
  get you up on to your hands and knees." Timothy began to shiver with humiliation
  as the girls casually examined his genitals, noticing that his penis was full
  and plump again after his short nap.  
In complete silence they helped him turn over and then to his utter dismay
  helped to position him so that he was up upon his hands and knees. Gently but
  firmly they made him spread his legs until his knees on each side of the bed.
  The final humiliation was when they made him go down on to his elbows.  
Penny spoke gently as she admired the boy's humiliating position.  
"There that's fine; your bottom is nicely positioned for our examination
  Timothy! I am going to let Susan examine you first, so try and relax while
  she lubricates your little bottom for you." Penny delighted in the sight of
  the boy's genitals, which hung down between his widely splayed thighs. His
  penis was already distended, the foreskin slowly retracting back from the bell-shaped
  head as it swayed to and fro, prompted by the anguished squirming of his hips. "You
  will have to try and keep still while Susan inserts her finger up into your
  little bottom&hellip; will you do that for me?"  
The nurse's words caused Timothy to grunt with embarrassment as Gail placed
  her hand upon his cheek and turned his head towards her. She spoke softly to
  him as one would to a timid child.  
"Now try and relax your bottom and keep your head turned towards me, so I
  can see if there is any discomfort. Gail delighted in the profuse flood of
  colour that suffused his cheeks as she looked into his eyes. "Now the nurse
  will want you to take nice deep breaths&hellip; in and out&hellip; in and out." She
  waited while the boy naively followed her instruction and began to breathe
  deeply.  
It was with utter delight and excited anticipation that Susan lubricated
  her fingers. She had not bothered to don rubber gloves, instead preferring
  to lubricate her bare fingers. She watched his bottom shudder as she gently
  placed her left hand upon his buttocks. She could not remember when she had
  felt so much excitement, as she placed the tip of her forefinger against the
  puckered star of his sphincter. Gently she began to lubricate the sensitive
  flesh, her actions eliciting an immediate vocal protest from the trembling
  boy.  
"Oh&hellip; miss&hellip; please no&hellip; er nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo."  
Susan probed the opening, ignoring his protestation as she bent to her task.
  She probed more firmly, fascinated as she watched his sphincter recoil at her
  impudent investigation of his timid flesh.  
"Pleeeeeease nooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOO."  
His voice rose to a fevered pitch as Susan suddenly felt her finger slip
  through into the tight channel of his anal passage. Curiously, she explored
  the soft flesh inside his bottom. She felt Penny gently put her hand around
  her waist as she stood closer to her.  
"Now Susan if you curl your finger downwards&hellip; yes that is the way&hellip; you
  will feel a dome of soft round flesh&hellip; that is his prostate gland. It
  is located more or less at the other end of the penis. Can you feel it?"  
"Argggghhhhhhhhhhhhh." Timothy's anguished cry almost drowned out Susan's
  reply.  
"Ah&hellip; yes&hellip; I think this must be it."  
Her prediction was immediately confirmed by the frantic squirming of the
  boy's hips. Penny quickly took hold of him around the waist, holding his body
  in a tight grip which stifled his anguished movements. Although he was now
  incapable of motion, Susan could see the smooth firm flesh of his bottom quivering
  as if he was in fever.  
She felt her finger encounter the pliant plumpness of the gland. Instinctively
  she smoothed her slender fingertip over the walnut shaped mound, aware that
  the boy was beginning to tremble uncontrollably. Each time she moved her finger
  she could feel him shudder. She wondered what it must feel like to have such
  an intimate part of one's body stimulated so profoundly. She closely observed
  the boy's reaction as she ran her finger over the mound of his prostate. She
  experimented by moving her finger in different directions until she was able
  to tell which of her gentle probings elicited the most visible response.  
"Argggghhhh&hellip; pleeease&hellip; noooo&hellip;. Nooo more&hellip; miss
  pleeeeeease."  
Penny ignored the boy's anguished plea as she held him firmly, leaning forward
  over his buttocks she whispered to Susan.  
"If you take hold of his penis you will be able to feel it throb&hellip; it
  will tell you when you have hit the right spot. Try a prodding action; you
  will be able to feel how his penis reacts to it!"  
Susan, could hardly contain her excitement as she delicately wrapped her
  fingers around his penis and prodded the soft mound of flesh deep within his
  bottom. Immediately she felt him shudder and his penis throb as he moaned in
  protest at her relentless stimulation of his sexual organs.  
"OOOooooooohhhhhhHHHHH&hellip;. Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo&hellip; arggh
  please miss&hellip; please nooooooo more miss."  
Gail looked into his eyes, seeing the look of terror on his face as he gasped
  and shook with utter anguish and humiliation. "There, there Timothy&hellip; try
  and be a good boy and relax your bottom. It is very important that Susan has
  complete access&hellip; now push your bottom up and dip your back so that your
  buttocks are well open and spread apart. Do you think you can do that for me?
  I am sure that Susan is being as gentle as she can be!"  
Timothy' could not believe how embarrassed and anguished he felt. His degrading
  humiliation at the hands of the young girls seemed total and complete. Naively
  he tried to dip his back, pushing his bottom upwards as he felt her finger
  take advantage of the action and proceed to roam even deeper inside him.  
His breathing became heavier as Susan smoothed her finger over the gland;
  she could feel it contract violently as a globule of clear fluid escaped from
  the tip of his penis and slowly descended in a sticky droplet on to the bed
  below. She knew that even though she was only squeezing his penis, rather than
  milking it, that Timothy would not be able to hold back another ejaculation
  for much longer.  
She prodded the prostate with a firm thrust of her finger, noting how the
  shaft of his penis throbbed in response to her stimulation. Timothy tried to
  rear up as she casually experimented, her finger employing a series of prods
  and pokes and then moving to a massaging movement over the gland. Susan was
  enthralled by the absolute control she had over the boy's emotions. She admired
  the perfection of his buttocks as they quivered and shook, open and available
  to her every whim. Surprising even herself she partially withdrew her finger
  and then with a swift movement introduced her middle fingertip to the opening
  of his sphincter. Ignoring his loud gasp of indignation she slipped a second
  finger up into his bottom, feeling the sphincter tighten against her knuckles
  as she pushed up firmly. It was all Penny could do to hold the boy as he tried
  to rear up, his anguished protest echoing around the tiled bathroom.  
"Arrrrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; noooooooooooooooooohhhhhhh&hellip;.
  Pleeeeeeeeeeease&hellip; oh please, please, please miss&hellip; ooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; arrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggghhhhhhh."  
Gail held his head firmly, making him look into her eyes as she spoke softly
  to him as one would to a wounded animal.  
"There, there Timothy&hellip; try and be a brave little boy, it will all
  be over soon."  
Her beautiful face looked calm and serene, an incredible contrast to his
  own anguished expression as he gasped and shook with deep tormented emotion.
  Holding his face in her hands she bent her head and kissed him on the cheek.
  She could not explain her excitement at his tortured expression as she fuelled
  his abject and utter embarrassment with her gently spoken words.  
"Just a little bit longer, try and be brave&hellip; I want Susan to be able
  to complete her examination inside your bottom without any more fuss&hellip; so
  just keep your bottom relaxed and open for her, sweet child."  
Susan delighted in the grunts and groans of the young boy as she curled both
  fingers against the sensitive gland of his prostate. She found that it was
  quite easy to tell which of her many movements caused him the most stimulation
  by the pulsing and throbbing of his penis. She could feel the sphincter seem
  to recoil and tighten against her fingers each time she prodded the walnut
  shaped gland. She felt confident that she would be able to stimulate the boy
  quite easily, controlling his sexual emotion by the dexterous movements of
  her fingers. She was certain that by employing careful and subtle ministrations
  to his prostate that she would be able to make him ejaculate exactly when she
  wanted.  
She looked over the boy's buttocks at her friend Gail, who was holding his
  head gently in her hands. She smiled to herself as she realised that Gail had
  not allowed the boy to psychologically detach himself from the proceedings,
  but rather she had made him look into her eyes and display his emotions openly.
  Every humiliation to his young body was being casually and clinically observed
  by the by the very girl that he was in awe of.  
Gail could not have explained how or why she knew how to mould the boy's
  psyche to a dependency upon her. Perhaps it was part of an instinct that she
  had within herself that prompted her actions to elicit such a deep and emotional
  response from him. But she knew that little by little she was binding the boy
  to her&hellip; a psychological authoritarian relationship that would be deeply
  etched into his character. She had already witnessed his look of love and supplication&hellip; and
  she knew that in time the boy would be inextricably bound to her for as long
  as she wished.  
Penny held the boy firmly as she bent low and looked under his tummy at his
  penis. She could see the clear viscous fluid that was leaking from the head
  of his penis as it was being squeezed by Susan's slender fingers.  
Susan too, was aware that she would have to curb her intimate prodding and
  probing of the boy if he was not to ejaculate prematurely. His body was quivering
  from head to foot and his breathing had become heavy and irregular, such was
  the intensity of the sexual stimulation that she had produced within him.  
"Just one more little push Timothy and I will have finished&hellip; deep
  breaths now." Susan's voice echoed in his ears as he tried to control his emotions.
  Suddenly he felt his bottom stretched wide as she thrust two fingers firmly
  up into his bottom and at the same time he felt her firmly squeeze the head
  of his penis.  
Susan was delighted as the combined effect of both ends of his penis being
  stimulated so flagrantly caused his whole body to shudder in a violent convulsion.
  The sensation seemed to invade the very core of his being and he groaned in
  anguish.  
"Arrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."  
Gail looked at him, her face betraying none of the incredible excitement
  she felt as she looked deep into his eyes. Coolly and clinically she observed
  his acute distress.  
"Well Timothy that wasn't so bad now was it. I wonder why little boy's have
  to make so much fuss when their little penises and bottoms are examined. You
  should be grateful that Susan is being so thorough in examining you. I can
  see that someone is going to have to take you firmly in hand."  
Susan looked at Gail, suppressing the sudden giggle she felt as her fingers
  tightened around his penis and she slipped both fingers from his quivering
  bottom. She felt the sphincter tighten over her knuckles as she withdrew her
  hand from between his widely spread buttocks. Reluctantly she loosened her
  grip upon the hard and throbbing shaft of his penis, observing another shudder
  of emotion which ran through his body as she let go of him.  
Penny held him firmly for a few moments until she was sure that he would
  not try and rear up. She moved to stand beside Susan and slapped the boy lightly
  on his upturned bottom cheeks.  
"Right young man," she said brightly as she smoothed her hand over his quivering
  buttocks. "Gail is going to let you recover for a few moments before she examines
  you&hellip; so just stay in that position and try not to move."  
Gail looked deep into the boy's face. She made sure that his anguished eyes
  were fixed firmly on hers as she spoke to him.  
"Promise me that you will do as the nurse asks of you."  
She could see the apprehension he felt as he looked at her. What excited
  her was his obvious acceptance at his subjugation to her. She was sure that
  he would continue to protest and plead at his treatment, but there was a clear
  indication that he was accepting her authority. Allied to this was his overriding
  feeling of awe when he was in her presence. She had been well aware for a long
  time of the effect that her beauty had on men as well as boys and she knew
  how to use the superiority this gave her in a subtle and natural way.  
As she looked closely at him she was aware that his feeling of anxious apprehension
  was coupled with a strong desire to please her and that any admonishment would
  wound him deeply.  
She spoke again, her voice clear and matter of fact and in contrast to the
  absolute thrill she felt as she anticipated his dismay at her words.  
"Now Timothy&hellip; listen to what I have to say very carefully. I am going
  to have to examine inside your bottom. It is for your own good and it is necessary,
  so I want you to promise me that you will relax and that you will allow me
  proper access."  
Gail delighted in his embarrassment as she continued.  
"As you have already had your semen extracted once, I am going to help the
  nurse make you ejaculate for a second time&hellip; that is after I have examined
  you. The nurse will milk your penis for you while I see to your bottom and
  then she will probably have to give your testicles a little squeeze or two,
  just to make sure that we have it all. I am going to ask Miss Foster and Miss
  drew to come back into the bathroom and hold you while you are being milked,
  so I want you to promise me that you will do as you are instructed.  
One final thing&hellip; if you are naughty or disobey me I will punish you
  like naughty boys should be punished. You are in a very good position to have
  your bottom smacked and I shall not hesitate to give you a sound and thorough
  spanking in front of Susan and the nurse as well as Miss Drew and Miss Foster,
  so I think it is in your best interests that you behave. Will you promise me
  to behave Timothy?"  
As she was speaking Gail had observed his cheeks change colour from bright
  red to a deep purple. He looked so embarrassed that for a moment, Gail thought
  he might even faint. She could see that his eyes were already glistening with
  tears as he looked at her in utter anguish. His voice sounded cracked and dry
  as he mumbled his response.  
"Oh&hellip; er please Miss&hellip; er .. I, I promise."  
She brushed her hand against his cheek in a tender gesture. "Stay quite still
  sweetie while I fetch Miss Drew and Miss Foster. You may lower your head now
  and rest your forehead on the pillow."  
Gail was rewarded by his immediate acquiescence; she stood for a moment looking
  at his beautiful young body as he knelt with his forehead resting on the firm
  pillow. His bottom was still thrust upwards and she could see that his penis
  was still fully erect.  
Timothy knelt naked and ashamed. He seemed to be in a cocoon of utter torment
  and anguish. He could feel that his whole body was open and exposed. The mildest
  movement of air within the room instantly reminded him of his rude and humiliating
  posture. He could feel his penis throbbing of its own volition, openly exposed
  between his widely spread thighs. He felt that every part of his body was open
  and exposed to whatever the girls wished to do to him.  
For Timothy, the most embarrassing and humiliating aspect of his ordeal had
  been the presence of Gail observing his most intimate arousal and ejaculation.
  Her beauty had always unnerved him. Even at school he would blush in embarrassment
  if she so much as glanced in his direction.  
He had not recovered from the humiliation of her gentle words and admonishments
  as he had lain over Hazel's knee and had his bottom smacked soundly while Gail
  had closely observed his shame and anguish. He shivered as he pictured her
  beautiful face looking at him as he had cried and gasped with pain and indignation
  as Hazel had thrashed him soundly. Now he blanched at the thought that she
  was to stand behind him and insert her finger into his bottom and that he would
  be powerless to stop her.  
Gail did not immediately leave the room but stood back and looked at the
  naked boy. She savoured his absolute humiliation as knelt upon the bed, his
  knees spread wide apart and his bottom thrust high in the air, open and accessible
  to anything she might wish to do to him.  
To his absolute dismay he felt her hand stroke gently over his back and up
  over the twin hillocks of his bottom cheeks. Her fingers trailed down between
  his buttocks before she encased his testicles within her slender fingers. She
  did not speak, her absolute mastery of him was apparent to both of them. Gail
  heard him quickly draw in his breath as she squeezed his testicles lightly
  before taking her hand from him and abruptly slapping both of his bottom cheeks.
  He gasped in dismay, even though the smacks she had administered were not heavy.  
 "Good boy, now stay where you are and don't move, I promise you that you
  won't have to wait long before I return to help the nurse milk you."  
No boy could have been more embarrassed and humiliated at that moment than
  Timothy. His cheeks burned with shame as he knelt upon the table. Gail had
  demonstrated to him that no part of his body was to be private or sacrosanct
  and that she would spare him no embarrassment or humiliation.  
Although Gail was looking forward to experimenting with the boy's physical
  stimulation, she was aware that his long term subjugation to her would be owed
  to her management of his psyche. She had also become aware that her pleasure
  in observing his distress and humiliation was overwhelming. She could feel
  the thrill and excitement each time the boy looked into her eyes begging for
  his torment to stop. She remembered reading a book some years before which
  had thrilled and excited her and had perhaps inspired her actions. She had
  not been aware of the latent tendency deep within her until she had read and
  re-read a particular passage.  
The book had dealt with the torture of prisoners by the Nazis during the
  Second World War. Much of the book had not really aroused her interest until
  she had read about a young female Gestapo officer who had become one of the
  most successful interrogators of male prisoners during the Nazi occupation
  of France.  
One of the passages had fully described Helga and one of her sessions where
  she and her team of four female officers had interrogated a young English soldier.
  He had been strapped naked and spread-eagled upon the wooden table that she
  had had made to her own design. His legs had been strapped down and stretched
  painfully wide with his penis and testicles placed upon a wooden block.  
Helga Klimpt, was described as being quite beautiful and very young. She
  had the high cheek bones and fine features of the true German aristocrat. Her
  blonde hair was always drawn back into a bun so that all of her beautiful features
  were clearly visible.  
Helga always made-up her face impeccably before her interrogation sessions,
  carefully applying her lipstick and eye shadow to the best of effect. Invariably
  she would be wearing a subtle perfume to accent her femininity.  
Even her smart Gestapo uniform was tailored to accent her full breasts and
  slender waist. She would draw up her chair so that she could look down at the
  prisoner's head and lean over him, so that her exquisite features completely
  filled his vision.  
Gail had been surprised at her own excitement as she read how Helga had delicately
  smoothed her hands over the young prisoner's chest and face. Her words of sympathy
  were always soft and low, even as the young prisoner gasped and screamed at
  the pain that Helga's fellow officers were inflicting upon his body. The girl
  would lean over him, her lips only inches from his.  
 "Poor baby&hellip; is the pain too much for you? Tell me all about it&hellip; there&hellip; there
  poor baby." She would then whisper an instruction to one of the girl's. The
  instructions, however subtle and complicated were always issued in numbers.
  Each of the numbers signified a different well rehearsed action to be performed
  by each member of the team of four young female torturers. All of the torture
  sessions concentrated only upon the prisoners sexual organs.  
"Number two&hellip; and Heidi&hellip; if you would add a little of number
  four."  
Again she would lean over the anguished prisoner&hellip; "Poor baby&hellip; are
  the girls hurting you... does that feel too big inside you&hellip; never mind&hellip; just
  tell me what you were doing and I will make the pain go away&hellip;"  
She would kiss the prisoner on the forehead, her lips soft and gentle against
  his skin before issuing another instruction. "Number nine please." Immediately
  the prisoner would cry out in pain and anguish as his testicles were squeezed
  or one of the large metal phalluses's that she used, was thrust further up
  into his anus.  
"There poor baby, let me make them stop&hellip; poor baby&hellip; so much
  pain for such a young boy to bear." She would watch out of the corner of her
  eye as she tailored the pain to his genitals. Sometimes she would instruct
  the girls to manipulate his penis until it was erect and then have them slide
  a long electrode down into the urethra until the tip was inside the prostate
  gland. She herself would control the dial to the electric current, which she
  kept on a small table beside her, as she talked softly to the prisoner.  
"Poor baby, just a little more pain and then you can tell me all about it." She
  would observe him clinically as his hips would rise up from the bench in pure
  and exquisite pain and anguish.  
"There my little one&hellip; just a little longer and then I will let tell
  me all about it&hellip; poor baby&hellip;does it hurt my baby&hellip; never
  mind I will make it go away soon. There&hellip; there" Her hands would stoke
  over his body as if he were a young child.  
During her interrogations she would always have the girls make the prisoner
  ejaculate. She would have an electrode placed up into his bottom and then instruct
  her young team to masturbate him until he ejaculated. As his semen spurted
  upwards the girls would slide a probe into the opening at the tip of his penis
  and Helga would apply a small electrical current to the two electrodes. The
  prisoner would scream in a mixture of agony and ecstasy as she skilfully controlled
  his anguished orgasm. She was so practiced in her craft that she could make
  a younger prisoner ejaculate four times within an hour. The prisoner's final
  orgasm would be so tormented that he would often shiver and shake uncontrollably
  for over an hour.  
Gradually she would wear her prisoners down&hellip; her skilful manipulation
  of pain and her softly spoken words of comfort causing them to be completely
  disorientated and anguished.  
The interrogations would continue for hours on end until the prisoner invariably
  told her what she wanted to know.  
It had been several years since Gail had first read the book and yet she
  could still remember the intense sexual pleasure she had felt at the vivid
  description of the Nazi officer's torture methods. Gail realised that subconsciously,
  or perhaps consciously, she was employing similar methods upon the beautiful
  young boy that she was about to examine.  
Timothy shivered in dread as a few moments later he heard the footsteps of
  Gail and the two young secretaries as they entered the bathroom. He could not
  help the involuntary shiver as he heard Gail's clear voice instruct the two
  young girls.  
"If you would both stand at either side of him and make sure that his bottom
  is kept nice and accessible while I examine him. Patricia, let the nurse stand
  near to me so that she can reach underneath him with both hands&hellip;you
  will need to take the test tube, I will try and warn you when he is about to
  ejaculate. I am going to lubricate my fingers and give him a little examination
  before we extract his semen. Timothy has promised to be on his best behaviour,
  haven't you Timothy?"  
Timothy was trembling with embarrassment as he heard every word of Gail's
  instructions. His body was trembling visibly as Susan moved to the top end
  of the bed and placed her hands gently on either side of his head. She could
  feel him shiver as she spoke to him, her voice gently echoing the tones of
  a nurse or mother.  
"Poor Timothy, having to have his little penis milked again, never mind we
  will all take good care of you."  
Although technically Penny was in charge of the proceedings, it seemed to
  Susan that the authority had somehow shifted towards Gail as her young friend
  spoke to the nurse.  
"Before I insert my fingers into his bottom, I would like you to show me
  what you were doing when you flattened the palm of your hand and rubbed it
  over the end of his penis. I noticed that Timothy seemed to be particularly
  stimulated by that."  
Penny smiled at Gail; she was not surprised at the forthright and unembarrassed
  way that the young girl had spoken to her. Rather than be put out with her
  demand, she was impressed with her maturity and indeed the rest of the Goodman
  household.  
She smiled at Gail and indicated the boy's penis, which although not fully
  erect hung down, thick and turgid between his legs. Both Penny and Gail could
  see that the swollen flesh was throbbing, the shaft bobbing forward with each
  pulse.  
"If you would like to take hold of his penis Gail and pull the foreskin back
  tightly so the head is fully exposed. Then flatten the palm of you hand so
  it is stiff. This will give you an ideal surface to stimulate the opening of
  the urethra. You will find that he is very, very sensitive to stimulation at
  the very tip. The ideal method is to rub the palm of your hand in a circular
  motion. You will have to hold the shaft tightly or he will try and evade you.
  I think it would be best if the girls were to hold him tightly before you start."  
Gail smiled at the matter of fact way that Penny had mentioned that Timothy
  would try and evade her. She was quite sure that however inexperienced she
  was at the moment, that it would not take her long to explore the boy's sensitivities.
  She fully intended to become quite expert in stimulating Timothy. In fact she
  was determined to be able to handle the boy so skilfully that both his mind
  and his body would be entirely controlled by her.  
"Patricia and Jennifer, would you take hold of Timothy and make sure that
  he remains still while I examine him." Gail watched as both Patricia and Geraldine
  placed their hands around his waist. She could see the boy shiver as their
  cool hands touched his naked flesh. She anticipated with delight the moment
  when she would first place her hands upon his nervously quivering body. She
  intended to prolong his torment as long as possible and also increase his apprehension
  at what she would do to him. Rather than immediately take hold of his penis,
  she deliberately placed her hand flat against the sensitive flesh high up on
  the inside of his thigh.  
Her first touch had exactly the effect she desired. He shuddered from head
  to toe like a startled rabbit, involuntarily trying to escape her touch. Deftly
  she placed her left hand between his legs and encircled his penis within her
  slender fingers.  
"Arrrgggghhh&hellip; oooohhhh." The boy could not help crying out with anguish,
  such had been his acute nervous anticipation of the first touch of her hands
  upon his body.  
"There my baby&hellip; shhhh quiet now, while I examine you."  
Gail had already asked that Susan would not talk to the boy while she examined
  him. She wanted to make sure that it was her voice, and her voice alone, that
  would be imprinted on his memory as she manipulated his flesh to an orgasm.  
She stretched the foreskin back until it was pulled taught against the base
  of the penis. She placed her right hand higher up upon the shaft so that she
  could hold the skin back and at the same time have a grip nearer to the head.
  She was now able to let go of him with her left hand, and she flattened the
  palm, stretching her fingers outwards as she mimicked the earlier actions of
  the young nurse.  
She could hear the boy's quickening of breath and his gasp of anguish as
  she placed the palm of her hand against the end of his penis. For a moment
  she held it there and then with utter delight she began to rotate the palm
  against the sensitive tip of his penis. The effect was electric! He tried to
  rear up to escape the almost unbearable sensation he felt within the tip of
  his penis. He gasped and then cried out as, slowly and inexorably, the palm
  of her hand rubbed against the tip of the urethra.  
Pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaasssssssssssssseeeeeee&hellip; noooooooooooOHHHH.  
His voice rang out in pure anguish as Gail nonchalantly increased the pressure
  of her palm against the most sensitive part of his flesh. Although she was
  excited at the sheer torment she was so easily able to inflict upon the boy,
  she had the common sense to observe each bodily reaction as she began to vary
  the way she applied the stimulation to his captive penis.  
The next few moments were a torment of unremitting intensity for Timothy
  as Gail deftly applied the palm of her hand to the tip of his penis. She could
  feel the shaft of his member pulse and throb, each movement of the palm of
  her hand clearly manifesting itself in an answering palpitation from within
  the swollen flesh of his organ.  
She carefully noted each response until she was sure that she knew the movements
  that would elicit the most sensation from his quaking flesh. To make sure she
  again applied a firm pressure to the head of his penis and moved her hand more
  rapidly. Immediately the boy cried out, his voice wailing in a plea for respite.  
"Pleeaseeeeee&hellip;. Pleeeeeeeeeeeease&hellip; noooooo it is toooooooooo&hellip; argggghhh
  sensitive&hellip; pleeease missssssssss."  
"Poor baby&hellip; never mind it will all be over soon, try and be a brave
  little boy." Her soothing words belied the rapid movement of her hands as again
  she made him cry out in anguish.  
Pleeassssssssseeeeee oooooooohhhhhhhhh&hellip; noooooooooOOOOOOHHHHH."  
Suddenly she stopped and immediately released his penis. She watched as it
  throbbed and pulsed of its own volition. Instinctively she cupped her hands
  around his swollen testicles and squeezed them gently. Her voice was soft and
  soothing as she spoke gently to him.  
"Poor Timothy&hellip; never mind&hellip; I will be gentle with you&hellip; don't
  fret so." Her words did nothing to assuage the boy's utter anguish as she placed
  her hand on his bottom. "Now I am just going to apply some lubricant to your
  sphincter so that I can slip my fingers up into your bottom nice and easily,
  so do try and keep still."  
Again Gail deliberately chose the right words to completely embarrass the
  boy to the fullest degree. She looked between his legs to see that his eyes
  were tightly closed and that his face was completely suffused in a deep blush
  of red.  
She smiled as Penny held the tube of lubricating gel and squeezed a generous
  amount on to her fingers as she held them out towards her. After she had thoroughly
  lubricated them she held out her finger and watched as penny squeezed a long
  line of clear gel on to her forefinger.  
Even to Gail the long line of gel looked ominous as she moved closer to the
  boy's widely parted buttocks. For effect, rather than of necessity she placed
  her hand left hand on the flesh inside the cleft of his buttocks. She felt
  his body jolt in fear as she brought her lubricated hand upwards, her index
  pointed forward.  
"Now hold him very tightly, he might try and rear up when I penetrate his
  bottom."  
Although ostensibly, she had spoken to the two young secretaries, her words
  were really intended for Timothy. She could feel him begin to shiver as she
  stood with her finger only inches away from the opening to his bottom. Without
  further preamble she pressed her finger against the tightly shut muscle of
  his sphincter. She saw him try and rear up as the girls held him firmly.  
"Now relax Timothy, you have already earned yourself a punishment for your
  behaviour so far, I do not want to embarrass you by having to smack your bare
  bottom in front of everyone. So relax your bottom and allow me full and free
  access."  
Gail knew that there was no possibility that the boy would be able to relax
  any part of his body, but she also knew that her words and change of tone would
  be deeply imprinted upon his memory when eventually he involuntarily relived
  his ordeal.  
She gently pressed her fingertip against the sphincter, watching as it seemed
  to recoil at her touch. Slowly, with deft strokes she lubricated the entire
  area around the opening to his bottom. Gradually her probing finger became
  bolder, firmly she pushed against the opening, her fingertip causing the boy
  to gasp and groan as suddenly the tight rosebud of his bottom hole was penetrated
  by the tip of her finger.  
"Take deep breaths now, I want to hear you breathe&hellip; in and out, in
  and out&hellip; that's the way." Her voice was firm and resolute as she pressed
  her finger firmly against his bottom. She listened to him as he began to take
  deep breaths. Slowly and inexorably she pressed her finger upwards into his
  bottom, watching intently as it disappeared up inside him. She began to press
  more firmly as the knuckle approached the tight ring of muscle which guarded
  the entrance to his bottom. Suddenly it slipped through and she was able to
  impale him fully.  
"OOOooooooohhhHHHHH&hellip; argggggghhhhhhhh&hellip; "  
His cries rang in her ears as eagerly she felt around inside him, almost
  immediately she encountered the plump mound of flesh that was his prostate
  gland. She slipped her other hand around from his bottom cheek, feeling beneath
  him until she located his penis. She could feel it throb beneath her slender
  fingers as she gripped it firmly. Now that she had his engorged flesh held
  captive she proceeded to explore inside him. Gradually she traced her finger
  around the pliant channel of his rectum.  
She took her time, exploring as deeply as he finger would allow her. She
  had already made up her mind that she would introduce a second finger into
  his bottom. She felt sure that she would be able to penetrate him more deeply
  with two fingers.  
She rotated her finger, pressing hard against the sphincter as she turned
  her hand to accommodate the movement. Gradually she withdrew part of her forefinger
  as she pressed her middle finger against the opening to his bottom.  
"Relax now, and take deeper breaths&hellip; come along in and out&hellip; in
  and out." Timothy was beside himself with embarrassment and humiliation as
  he heard her instruct him to breathe more deeply. Suddenly he felt an incredible
  pressure against his bottom and then felt his sphincter being stretched wide
  as a second finger was thrust up rudely inside him.  
"Ooops&hellip; there we are, you see&hellip; you can relax if you try." Gail
  was well aware that his sphincter was stretched wide as she pushed both fingers
  up inside him. She completely ignored his tormented cries as she began her
  intimate exploration.  
Carefully she moved her hand inside him, this time having far more access
  than with a single finger. She began to mentally catalogue her prodding and
  probing, taking careful note of the anguished pulsing of his penis as she moved
  her fingers over his prostate gland. She jabbed her fingertips against the
  soft mound, immediately eliciting a low and anguished moan from him as he shuddered
  with the sexual torment of her fingers.  
She fuelled his abject humiliation with softly spoken words, deliberately
  designed to heighten his awareness of her mastery of him. "Poor Timothy&hellip; try
  and keep still while I just probe a little deeper. I will be as gentle as I
  can with your little bottom&hellip; there that wasn't so bad was it now?"  
She thrilled as he howled in anguish as she jabbed her two fingers mercilessly
  against the centre of the plump mound of pliant flesh.  
"Argghhhhhhh&hellip; oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."  
 "Do try and keep still Timothy&hellip; I would hate to have to punish you&hellip; now
  just try and relax, you may feel a firm pressure but it is nothing to worry
  about. She pushed hard, feeling the knuckles of her hand press firmly against
  his tightly stretched sphincter. She could hear him groan as once more his
  body shuddered with anguish.  
Gail continued her intimate examination of the young boy. She thrilled as
  she observed his distress at her intimate and thorough examination inside his
  bottom. His widely spread buttocks shivered and shook as she prodded and probed
  incessantly&hellip; her fingers squeezing his penis as she observed his reaction
  to her complete and thorough testing of his senses.  
When she felt that he was close to ejaculation, she would still her fingers
  until she was sure that the temporary crisis had passed. She listened intently
  to his moans and protestations as she diligently examined every millimetre
  of his rectum. Only when she was finally satisfied that she knew exactly how
  to extract the maximum amount of sensation from her probing of his bottom did
  she turn her head towards Penny.  
She looked at the young nurse, noting the look of admiration on her young
  face as she observed her handling of the young boy. Gail spoke, but her words
  were addressed to Timothy. Her tone was brisk and forthright, brooking no argument
  as applied a firm pressure to his prostate. She could feel him shiver with
  torment as she spoke clearly and concisely.  
"Right young man&hellip; the nurse is going to extract your semen from you,
  so be a good boy and let's have no nonsense. As you ejaculate I will squeeze
  your testicles&hellip; just to make sure that we have extracted the maximum
  amount of semen from you. I won't hurt you&hellip; but you will feel a firm
  pressure&hellip; so you have been warned."  
She smiled to herself as she heard the boy groan in dismay. Ignoring him
  completely, she loosed her fingers from around the shaft of his penis and watched
  a Penny took both of her hands to the turgid and straining flesh.  
"Now we want nice big squirts&hellip; and I am sure that eventually these
  little plums of yours will feel so much better."  
She accented her words by deliberately taking hold of his testicles in a
  firm grip. She moved the swollen testes to and fro within the scrotal sac,
  hearing him gasp with utter anguish as she manipulated his vulnerable testicles
  so intimately.  
She watched as Penny flattened the palm of her hand and drew the foreskin
  of his penis down the shaft until the shiny flesh of the corona was completely
  exposed. Gail timed the first jab of her fingers to the vigorous rotation of
  the nurse's flattened palm upon the opening of his penis.  
The boy's response was violent and predictable. Both Geraldene and Patricia
  leaned over his body, stifling his movement as he tried to rear up off the
  bed.  
"ArrrgggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."  
His wild groan of agony echoed around the tiled room as Gail and Penny proceeded
  to stimulate the boy. Their hands busily engaged in the most skilful ministrations
  to his penis and prostate gland. Patricia looked down between his buttocks
  to watch Gail's fingers as they reamed through his sphincter, the gel glistening
  under the overhead lights as repeatedly her two fingers almost exited the opening
  before being pushed firmly back until they disappeared from sight.  
It was all the young secretaries could do to hold the boy as Penny began
  to slide his foreskin up and down the shaft of his penis. His breathing sounded
  jagged and disjointed as Gail timed the push of her fingers to Penny's tightening
  of the young boy's foreskin. Gail stooped a little to watch what Penny was
  doing. To her delight Penny had left the foreskin stretched tightly down the
  shaft of the penis and was using her bare fingers to stimulate the ring of
  the corona.  
Timothy cried out, his voice a wail of pure agony in response to the intense
  sensations that the girls were eliciting from his young body.  
"Pleeeaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssseeeeeee. Noooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh."  
Gail began to press more firmly, her fingertips prodding the plump gland.
  Each time she pushed she could feel the boy try and rear up. She could see
  out of the corner of her eye that Patricia was holding a glass test tube in
  her hand as she leaned over the boy, gripping his waist firmly.  
Suddenly his body stiffened! The surface of his flesh turning to goose-bumps
  as his sinews locked in a violent spasm. Gail could not help the tremor of
  ecstasy that ran through her body as she watched the boy's body contract.  
His body had responded with a total and violent reaction, every sinew was
  clearly visible as he tried to arch his back; his cry was a plaintive wail
  of pure agony and torment.  
"Arrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."  
Gail surprised even herself as she nonchalantly jabbed her fingers hard against
  his prostate and at the same time squeezed the soft sac of his scrotum. It
  seemed that his body was suspended in a hiatus of rigor mortis before suddenly
  shuddering in an agonizing display of deep and tormented emotion. She could
  see that Patricia was now bent low with her hands beneath the boy's heaving
  hips, while Geraldene had pressed her breasts against his back, preventing
  him from rearing up.  
"Let me have a nice big squirt from your little penis now Timothy. I want
  your little testicles to empty for me now&hellip; that's the way&hellip; let
  me have it all now." Gail was surprised that she was able to keep the excitement
  she felt out of her voice. She knew that her words would further torment the
  boy as she prodded his bottom vigorously with both fingers.  
His penis erupted with a stream of viscous creamy fluid. His body shuddering
  as each spurt of semen jetted into the proffered test tube. He gasped and groaned
  as Penny milked him firmly. His stomach convulsing visibly as Gail aided his
  tormented ejaculation with firm and unrelenting prods of her finger. She could
  feel his sphincter squeezing her fingers tightly as it contracted with each
  eruption of semen from his penis.  
"There&hellip; what a good boy you are. You see&hellip; you can be a good
  boy if you try. Now let's have a few more squirts. I am going to squeeze your
  testicles for you now&hellip; don't be alarmed I won't hurt you."  
Gail squeezed firmly, the almost callous gesture making the boy shiver uncontrollably.
  The testes felt soft and yielding as her fingers curled around them, exerting
  even greater pressure as she squeezed once more. She thrilled as she observed
  his anguished response. His whole body shuddered violently and he cried out
  in utter torment as she maintained the forceful pressure. She pushed her fingers
  further up into his bottom as he writhed and squirmed, his hips juddering in
  total and complete abandonment.  
Gail felt a second thrill course through her body. Involuntarily she pressed
  her pubis against the edge of the table, unable to stifle the urgency of her
  own impending orgasm. The sight of the boy in such torment, with her own fingers
  firmly impaling his bottom was the final stimulus that determined her own intense
  pleasure. She pressed her hips harder against the edge of the table, her face
  only inches from his quivering buttocks as she felt the familiar sharp sliver
  of ecstasy that seemed to emanate from deep between her legs. She felt it knife
  through her whole body, making her nipples harden and her flesh shiver in a
  spasm of delicious and extreme emotion.  
Penny diligently milked the boy's penis until the last globule appeared at
  the tip. She could feel that his penis had stopped pumping and she relaxed
  her grip. Casually she scored her thumb upwards from the underside of the shaft,
  making sure that the last vestiges of semen had been extracted. She glanced
  at Gail, fully aware that the young girl was in the extremis of her own deep
  and violent orgasm.  
Letting go of his penis she moved behind Gail and casually slipped her hand
  beneath the full skirt of her summer dress. Whether it was instinct or sheer
  bravado, Penny did not know as she reached upwards for the waistband of Gail's
  French panties and pulled them down over her buttocks. Quickly she slipped
  her hand between the soft cheeks of the girl's bottom and onward between her
  legs. Her slender fingers slid easily between the plump soft peach slices of
  her moist pubic mound. She felt Gail immediately accommodate her fingers as
  she stroked upwards and over the erect clitoris, scraping her nails against
  the erect nub of flesh. She could feel the wetness on her fingers as Gail silently
  completed her orgasm.  
Not a word was said as moments later Penny slipped her hands from between
  Gail's legs, both girls returning their full attention to the naked young boy.
  Penny was delighted to see that Patricia had taken hold of his penis and was
  stretching it downwards towards the lip of the test tube. The boy was shivering
  violently from the intensity of his reluctant orgasm. His chest heaved as he
  fought for breath. His mouth was sagging open and his lips trembled with emotion.  
His whole body felt drained and his mind tormented with his humiliation.
  He could not countenance the utter embarrassment he felt at having the girls
  witness his disgrace as he ejaculated. His mind was in a state of turmoil.
  He felt guilty and ashamed that his feelings had been so openly displayed;
  his ejaculation was his final degrading act in front of the young girls.  
He could feel his bottom hole being stretched wide as Gail extricated her
  fingers from inside him. He shuddered and gasped as her knuckles passed through
  his tightly stretched sphincter. He felt her gently caress his testicles, her
  fingers scoring the underside of the scrotal sac before her hands left him
  completely.  
He rested his head on the pillow in shame and humiliation. His face was flushed
  a bright red, a testament to the utter degradation he felt.  
Gail was now very much in control of her emotions as she spoke to Timothy. "There,
  there poor Timothy&hellip; it's all over now&hellip; we are going to turn you
  over and leave you to rest for a little while after we have washed your bottom&hellip; and
  your penis and testicles."  
As the two young secretaries turned him over, Gail was able to see the look
  of pure and anguished shame upon his face. She caught his eye, seeing him immediately
  avert his gaze and blush profusely with embarrassment. The young secretaries
  had laid his arms along the bed above his head so that his body was entirely
  open for their inspection. Patricia and Geraldene went to the sinks and busied
  themselves with further preparations as Gail spoke to the shamefaced boy.  
"Look at me Timothy." She commanded as she helped place his legs so that
  the backs of his knees rested upon the edge of the bed with his shins hanging
  down.  
Grimacing with humiliation, he reluctantly looked at Gail, his face colouring
  up the moment he caught her eye. "That's better Timothy, now can you feel a
  difference in these little plums of yours, they feel so much smaller and lighter
  than before."  
He watched in horror as she moved around to the side of the bed and nonchalantly
  cupped his testicles in the palm of her hand, weighing them as if it was a
  perfectly normal procedure.  
"Tell me Timothy do they feel more comfortable now? The nurse has been very
  thorough in extracting as much of your semen as she could&hellip; don't you
  feel grateful to her?"  
Timothy blushed again as Gail looked at him, her beauty and forthright manner
  overwhelming him once more. She let go of his testicles, letting the soft orbs
  rest back between his thighs.  
"Er&hellip; y'yes miss&hellip; I mean er&hellip; thank you er&hellip; nurse."  
His face revealed his deep shame as he looked at the young nurse. Penny gave
  him her professional smile before turning away to the table.  
Susan moved around from the head of the bed. She looked at the boy's distraught
  face as she moved to stand next to Geraldene. Gail spoke to her, watching Timothy's
  face intently as she addressed her friend.  
Would you feel his testicles for me Susan, I think I am right in saying that
  they are definitely smaller and feel so much lighter. Tell me what you think."  
Gail watched, her sardonic expression fuelling the humiliation and helplessness
  that the young boy was feeling.  
She watched as Susan delicately took hold of his penis between her finger
  and thumb and lifted it, hearing the boy groan with misery as she scooped up
  his testicles in her other hand and held them up from between his thighs.  
"They are very much lighter aren't they Gail. I think he should be very,
  very grateful to the nurse." She squeezed the tip of his penis, feeling the
  answering throb from within the plump flesh. She looked at his face, seeing
  the look of dismay upon his face as she squeezed the shaft once more.  
"Really Timothy, can't little boys control themselves at all. I can feel
  your penis beginning to stiffen again." She let go of his penis and flicked
  it from side to side with her fingers, watching as the flesh became fat and
  turgid. She looked at Gail and spoke to her so that the boy could hear every
  word. Little boys have very little control do they&hellip; and they try and
  give the impression that they are mature when really they are still babies!"  
Gail was delighted with Susan's words. She could see that Timothy had turned
  his head to the side in utter and abject embarrassment.  
Patricia and Geraldene had already begun preparing hot soapy wash cloths
  in a bowl of water as Penny turned towards them. She took one of the cloths
  and turned back towards Timothy, waiting while she had his full attention.  
"I am going to give you a nice table bath while Miss Foster and Miss Drew
  hold your legs up out of the way so that I can get at your little bottom. Now
  try not to make a fuss and allow me proper access&hellip; will you do that
  for me sweetie?"  
She observed the boy's acute discomfort as the two secretaries moved to either
  side of the massage bed. Without preamble they took hold of his legs behind
  his knees with their wet hands and hoisted his legs in the air. They stretched
  them upwards and outwards so that his bottom was lifted well above the surface
  of the table. Penny was delighted in seeing an expression of utter dismay appear
  on his face as she slapped the soapy washcloth against his buttocks and began
  to wash him vigorously as if he were a small child.  
Timothy grunted and groaned as Penny washed him thoroughly. His face was
  bathed in a deep red blush as the young nurse changed washcloths several times,
  casually lifting his penis and testicles as she diligently washed around his
  pubic area.  
He was in a state of pure humiliation as the young girls watched his naked
  body being intimately bathed and then dried by the young nurse. Gail was delighted
  with Penny's performance as she observed the boy's acute embarrassment. She
  knew that however embarrassed he felt at the moment it would be nothing compared
  to what she was to do to him next.  
She watched as Penny finished her task, patting his plump penis as the girls
  released his legs down on to the table once more. She took a plastic container
  of Talcum Powder from the table and began to shake some of the powder onto
  the palm of her hand. She stood at his side so that he had an unhindered view
  of her, waiting patiently until she was certain that she had his full attention.  
Her voice was crisp and authoritative as Timothy looked at her in dread. "Now
  young man, I am going to powder your bottom and your genitals so you won't
  get sore. Miss Drew and Miss Foster will lift your legs again, so just relax.
  She paused as Patricia and Geraldene hoisted his legs back into the air.  
She made sure that the boy was watching her before she deliberately and deftly
  placed her left hand over his penis and brought her right hand up between the
  cheeks of his bottom. She smoothed the powder over his groin, pushing his penis
  from side to side as if it was of no consequence. His freshly shaven genitals
  felt smooth to her touch as she deliberately let her hand push his plump penis
  this way and that as she powdered him copiously.  
She could see that he was near to tears with embarrassment as she reached
  for her coup de grace. She examined his face intently as she held up one of
  the nappies that Patricia and Geraldene had made for her. The towelling material
  had been neatly hemmed after Geraldene had managed to cut three of them out
  of one large white bath towel. The young secretary had deliberately tapered
  the triangle, making the diaper as brief as possible.  
Timothy looked at Gail in horror as she slipped the degrading baby napkin
  beneath his raised buttocks, letting the ends trail down over the sides of
  the massage bed.  
"Pleeeaaassseee&hellip; er&hellip; misss&hellip;. er&hellip; what's&hellip; er
  what."  
The boy was blushing profusely as Patricia and Geraldene lowered his legs
  onto the bed and then casually pulled his legs apart so that his thighs were
  hanging over the sides.  
"I am sorry Timothy, but Hazel has insisted that your genitals are not encumbered
  with tight clothing&hellip; so this seems to be the best solution."  
"but&hellip; but&hellip; er miss&hellip; oh no&hellip; please no."  
Gail looked at him sternly. "I know of a little boy that will be wearing
  a red bottom as well as a nappy if he does not remember his manners. Now Timothy,
  would you like me to redden your little bottom before I pin up your diaper&hellip; or
  would you rather lay on the bed displaying yourself to all the girls instead
  of me covering you?"  
Timothy was too embarrassed to speak as Gail looked at him sternly. She motioned
  for Patricia and Geraldene to take his legs once more. Deftly the two girls
  grasped his legs and raised them, pushing backwards until his knees were placed
  to either side of his chest. He grunted and then cried out as Gail cradled
  his penis and testicles in her left hand, holding them up and away from between
  his legs.  
"I warned you young man that I would not hesitate to smack your naughty little
  bottom in front of everyone. She raised her hand and began smacking his bottom
  cheeks. She surprised herself with the severity of her slaps as he writhed
  and moaned in utter embarrassment and torment.  
Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, her hand delivered a flurry of
  hard slaps upon his tender bottom cheeks. She could see the flesh reddening
  as she proceeded to smack his bottom soundly.  
"Pleaaase&hellip; nooooo&hellip; missss&hellip; er I'm sorrreeee." Gail did
  not stop, but continued, feeling another delicious thrill course through her
  body as she smacked the young boy's buttocks. After about thirty sharp slaps
  she stopped and looked at his tear stained face.  
"I will give you one more chance Timothy, are you going to be a good boy
  or am I going to have to punish you here in front of everyone?"  
Timothy looked at her his face in shock. The slaps she had given him had
  been really quite painful. Did she mean that those slaps were not even part
  of a punishment? He knew one thing, that he did not want her to continue smacking
  his bottom!  
"Oh please miss, I will be good a promise, I am very sorry."  
"Well I hope you are. But just to make sure I am going to ask Susan to give
  you ten good hard slaps to your bottom, just to make sure that you remember
  what I have told you."  
Timothy was about to protest, when he thought better of it. Susan leaned
  over and nonchalantly raised her hand. She smacked his bottom good and hard,
  her hand moving rapidly from one bottom cheek to the other as she delivered
  the ten smacks.  
As soon as she had finished, Timothy looked up, his face turning not to Susan,
  but towards Gail. There were tears of humiliation in his eyes as he spoke to
  her, his voice tremulous and pleading. "Oh please miss, I am sooo sorry. I
  promise I will be good.  
Gail delighted, not just in his words but in the fact that he had addressed
  her directly, even though it had been Susan that had been smacking his bared
  bottom. He spoke in such a subjugated manner that she felt a thrill run through
  her body. She his her delight as she spoke to him, her voice soft and low.  
"Well, Timothy I will take your word that you will behave, but should you
  deviate from good behaviour I will be forced to punish you. Now I will powder
  you once more and then pin up your baby napkin between your little legs."  
She spoke directly to Patricia and Geraldene. "Would lift his legs higher
  so that I can powder well in-between the cheeks of his little bottom? I know
  that little children, especially little boys, can become quite sore around
  their bottom and their little penises."  
She watched his face flood with colour as she nonchalantly lifted his testicles
  and began to apply powder in-between his buttocks. She held his genitals, casually
  moving them this way and that, as she smoothed the fine powder all over his
  pubic area. By the time she had finished she could see that his penis had stiffened,
  although not erect, it lay fat and plump upon his lower tummy, pointing down
  to his navel.  
She re-arranged the baby napkin on the surface of the massage table and gestured
  for Patricia and Geraldene to let down his legs and spread them to the sides
  of the bed. To the boy's utter humiliation and shame she drew up the nappy,
  bringing the end up between his legs and drawing the two sides together, until
  all three corners met at his navel.  
She took the large nappy pin that Penny was holding out to her and pinned
  the three ends together. She stood back and looked at him. She could see how
  skilfully Geraldene had tapered the diaper. The part that passed between his
  legs was quite narrow, widening out to accommodate his penis and testicles,
  before narrowing again towards the pin.  
The effect was that his pubic area was bare of covering. Only his penis and
  testicles would be hidden from view, encased in the fluffy white towelling.
  She knew that most of the sides of his buttocks would also be bared too when
  eventually she let him stand up.  
The girls were laid out on two of the many 'sun lounges' which surrounded
  the ornate mosaic tiling of the swimming pool. Standing upon the glittering
  marble which formed the outer perimeter of the pool, stood low wrought iron
  tables. The tops of the tables were magnificently finished in blue and gold
  inlays which echoed the pattern of the pool flooring. Large blue and gold sunshades
  were interspaced between the brightly coloured mattresses of the chairs and
  lounges.  
Both Susan and Gail had changed from their summer dresses into bikinis, allowing
  the sun's rays to caress their young bodies as they lay on their backs. Their
  heads were turned towards each other as they conversed quietly. They had made
  Timothy lay down upon a large bath-towel which had been placed ready over one
  of the sun lounges. The lounger had been deliberately positioned on its own
  near the shallow end of the spectacular kidney shaped pool. The girls had made
  sure that he would be well out of earshot of their conversation.  
Occasionally the girls would look across at him as he laid face down on the
  blue and gold striped towel. They could both see that his face was still blushing
  from the accumulated embarrassments that he had suffered during the morning.  
Gail and Susan were well aware that he had chosen to lay face down to hide
  his excruciating embarrassment at the brevity of his covering. Timothy was
  constantly reminded by the warm gentle breeze that flitted across the pool
  area, that his buttocks were completely bare and that the baby napkin hardly
  covered the crease of his bottom. He was also aware that it would have been
  even more revealing to lay face upwards as the material would certainly not
  cover his penis and testicles to any great extent. He could feel the soft fluffy
  material rub against his penis every time he shifted his position upon the
  sun-bed.  
It had been an hour since they had left the large bathroom and Timothy had
  taken his embarrassing walk from the house to the pool area; his hands being
  held by the girls as they walked at either side of him, leading him captive
  and ashamed towards the pool area. Deliberately they had left him to lie in
  the sun so they could talk about the day's events. Gail was delighted with
  the progress she was making with the young boy, but she was keen to interspace
  her domination of him with periods of normality.  
They had watched him blush profusely when the young maids had served him
  sandwiches and orange juice on the low table by the side of his sun-bed. They
  had hidden their amusement when he had endeavoured to keep his hips pressed
  to the surface of the bed as he turned to mumble his thanks to the maid.  
The girls talked together, lazily stretched their beautiful bodies as the
  sun grew hotter. Timothy appeared to be dozing too as Gail continued looking
  across at him, gesturing at Susan to observe the young boy's beautiful body.
  She whispered to her friend,  
"We'll give him another half hour and then I think it will be time for him
  to have a swim&hellip; in his little napkin." She almost giggled as she thought
  of the boy's impending embarrassment.  
It was indeed half an hour before Gail got up and stood next to the boy's
  bed. She took the opportunity to examine the contours of his body, especially
  the firm twin hillocks of his buttocks as he laid slumbering, face down upon
  the sun lounger. She leaned over and placed her hand, not upon his shoulder
  as one might normally do to awaken someone, but gently upon his upturned bottom
  causing him to awaken with a jerk and turn his head towards her in alarm.  
"Poor baby, you must have been sleeping&hellip; did I startle you? If I had
  known I would have left you to get some rest. This morning must have been traumatic
  for you. Never mind, now that you are awake I think you ought to have a little
  swim. Don't worry, Geraldine is coming down to keep an eye on you in case you
  get out of your depth."  
Gail had observed the boy's face turn from its normal colour to a deep shade
  of red as his feelings of utter embarrassment and humiliation returned to him.  
He was once again, acutely aware of the brevity of his covering as Gail took
  his arm and made him stand up. To Timothy's horror he realised that his penis
  had stiffened during his short sleep and was clearly outlined against the fluffy
  white towelling of his brief covering.  
The girls' carefully laid plans could hardly have been more perfectly executed
  as if on cue, Geraldine walked down the steps towards the pool area. She was
  wearing a one piece bathing costume, her perfectly formed figure giving her
  the appearance of an athletic goddess as her lithe legs traversed the stone
  steps.  
Timothy blushed deeply; his short sleep had been his only escape from the
  embarrassment of the day. Now as he stood nervously aware of the stiffness
  of his penis as it pushed against the soft material of the diaper, he felt
  his body shiver from head to foot. Geraldine approached him, her bright smile,
  which displayed her perfectly white teeth, did little to allay his fears of
  further embarrassment and humiliation. The beauty of her body immediately put
  him ill at ease as she came to stand in front of him. Her face was freshly
  and exquisitely made up. Her beautifully shaped reddened lips pouted as she
  mimed concern for his nervousness and embarrassment.  
"Poor Timothy, did the girls wake you from your little sleep&hellip;. never
  mind, you can have a little swim and I will stay here and keep an eye on you."  
Her voice was patronising and aloof as she touched his burning cheek with
  the tips of her beautifully manicured fingers. The bright red nails still contrasted
  against his blushing red cheeks as she moved her fingers almost tenderly over
  his perfect skin.  
The tender but condescending gesture caused Susan to almost giggle at the
  overt way Geraldine was embarrassing the young boy. She watched with amusement
  as Geraldine turned him around and gleefully patted his bared buttocks as he
  stumbled in utter shame towards the steps that led down into the shallow end
  of the pool.  
All three of the girls moved to sit at one of tables, the umbrella above
  them, effectively shading their bodies from the sun, as they watched the boy
  begin to swim. It was an ideal vantage point from which to leisurely examine
  the movements of his young body as his limbs pushed fluently against the water.  
"I can see why you are enamoured with our young swimmer." Geraldine said
  mischievously as she looked at Gail.  
"He has the most perfect of all physiques, not too muscular and with excellent
  proportions. Now how badly do you want Patricia and I to embarrass him&hellip; just
  a little or an awful lot?"  
She tilted her exquisite face and laughed as she saw Gail's impish grin.
  Gail thought for a moment before she replied.  
"It is not just the embarrassment; I want you to make him feel small&hellip; as
  if we think of him more as a child. I know he is quite acquiescent as it is,
  but I want him to feel that perhaps he is not as old as he thinks he is&hellip; if
  you get my meaning&hellip; and exaggerate the gap between our ages"  
Geraldine looked at Gail intently, her face becoming serious as she pondered.  
"I think I know exactly what you mean&hellip; although he will know he is
  not a child, I think I can certainly bolster your authoritarian approach. To
  emphasise&hellip; that while you are an adult&hellip; he is still in his childhood"  
Gail smiled in appreciation. "There you are Geraldine&hellip; you have it
  in one!"  
Timothy avoided looking up as he turned to swim back to the shallow end;
  in fact he managed to avoid the seeing the avid attention of the girls altogether,
  as he began to swim lengths of the pool. He was thankful that the diaper had
  been fastened tightly enough to stay in position while he swam, although he
  avoided more violent movements as a precaution against it coming loose. He
  began to enjoy the feel of the water and for a while became absorbed in his
  swimming.  
It must have been over half an hour before Timothy suddenly became aware
  that Gail was standing in the shallow end of the pool. As he approached her
  she gestured for him to get out of the pool and then, much to his relief she
  turned around and went back to the table. He grasped his diaper firmly at either
  side as he exited the water. To his horror the weight of the sodden material
  threatened to slide down from his body. He could feel water running down between
  his legs as he struggled up the steps.  
He felt ill at ease and awkward holding the diaper up. He looked across at
  the girls as he headed towards his sun-bed. Thankfully he managed to grasp
  the large blue and gold bath-towel and wrap it around himself. Although he
  was able to dry his body easily, he could feel the copious amounts of water
  that still drenched his diaper. He tried to avoid looking at the girls but
  was unable to avert his eyes sufficiently to avoid seeing Gail gesture for
  him to come over to their table. He noticed that Geraldine had left the pool
  area and felt relief that she would not be there to further his embarrassment.  
The beauty of the two girls, dressed as they were in only the skimpiest of
  bikinis, troubled him so much that he was only able to blush profusely and
  look at the floor as he approached them.  
Gail's voice was bright and quite authoritarian as she addressed him. "Now
  Timothy I want your little body dried properly. We must not have you catching
  cold with so much treatment still to come. Do you think you can do that yourself&hellip; or
  would you like Susan and I to dry you? Little boys can be so remiss in looking
  after themselves!" Timothy managed to blush to such an extent that his face
  turned bright red. Gail felt sure she could almost feel the heat from his cheeks
  as he bent his head and looked at the floor before mumbling a hasty reply.  
"Oh please &hellip;er noooo er&hellip; missss. I will do it myself&hellip; er
  I am nearly dry." Gail looked at him, her heart skipping with a beat of delight
  as he clutched the towel to his body. Reluctantly he had to look up at her,
  feeling the need to assure her that he was able to dry himself.  
His face was a picture of embarrassment as she caught his eye and held her
  gaze, not allowing him to avert his eyes, even for a second." Give me your
  towel and let me look at you&hellip; I am certainly not reassured that you
  are able to dry yourself. Susan, please take the towel from him and I will
  have a look to see if he has dried himself properly."  
Timothy blushed again, as he looked at Susan's pretty face. Her expression
  showed some sympathy for his embarrassment as she held out her dainty hand
  and took the towel from him.  
 Desperately he grasped the sides of his diaper and pulled the napkin up
  into position. He looked at Gail nervously as she steeped forward and brushed
  her hands over his chest. Her gently fingers immediately playing havoc with
  his senses as she sensuously slid her fingers down over his tummy to his waist.
  She grasped the waist of the sodden napkin and pulled his body closer to her.  
"Why Timothy, you are a naughty boy. This diaper is soaking wet, it has not
  dried at all. I have a good mind to smack your bare bottom for telling me such
  fibs."  
Timothy managed to blush once more as Gail grasped the napkin firmly and
  turned her body away from him.  
"Now come along, I am going to take you into the house and get you dried
  properly."  
She led the confused and flustered boy firmly by the waist of his diaper,
  almost pulling him up the steps and towards the house. Instead of taking him
  back to the main patio doors she led him towards the east wing of the house,
  where a stout portico shielded a white painted doorway. She altered her grasp
  upon the waist of his nappy, her finger tips touching the freshly shaven flesh
  of his pubis as she guided him to the threshold of the sturdy studded door.
  She turned him towards her as they came to a stop.  
"Now Timothy, when you go inside, I want you to ask either Miss Foster or
  Miss Drew to give you a dry nappy."  
Her words and stern look reduced Timothy to blushing even more deeply, his
  lips trembling as he looked at the beautiful 'Head Girl'. He was near to tears
  of embarrassment as he turned towards the doorway and waited, acutely aware
  of how near her fingers had been to his penis as she let go of him.  
"I am very cross with you Timothy, trying to hide your wet nappy. I want
  you to promise that you will be a good boy from now on. I have the responsibility
  of making sure you behave and you know what that could mean, don't you."  
Timothy blushed once more a Gail looked at him sternly. "Now knock on the
  door like a good little boy and wait for someone to answer you." She turned
  away from him, and strode off back towards the pool area, leaving the boy blushing
  as he clutched the soaking diaper to his waist.  
He held the nappy firmly with one hand and knocked timidly upon the stout
  door. He shivered with embarrassment as he stood clutching the sodden material
  to his body and waited for someone to answer the door. The portico which covered
  the doorway shielded his body from the sun and it was not long before his pale
  flesh was covered with goose pimples as he stood shivering. He felt cold and
  clammy, detesting the feel of the water which dripped down the insides of his
  legs from the soaked diaper.  
Patricia and Geraldene were each seated behind their office desks. Each desk
  was equipped with a neat and expensive computer terminal as well as two telephones.
  The top surface of both desks was covered with a large leather trimmed blotter
  pad. Geraldene had a ledger opened and Geraldene was using her computer terminal.  
The large room was oak panelled from floor to ceiling. The rich grain of
  the panelling shone from the light of the windows, which also extended from
  the floor right up to the stone pelmets which met the ceiling.  
Stout oak filing cabinets surrounded the room, the glass doors revealing
  the rich leather bound files and reference books. The oak boarding of the floor
  was highly polished, setting off the beautiful Persian rugs that presented
  the room with an extra air of opulence and luxury. The guided and scrolled
  secretarial desks used by Patricia and Geraldine were set at right angles to
  each other facing into the centre of the room. A large mahogany table occupied
  the centre space which was used by Constance Goodman for meetings with her
  staff, and on some occasions, suppliers of goods or services for the household.  
The table was normally bereft of covering, it's beautifully figured wood
  grain surface, regularly polished to a perfect shine.  
Today it was covered with a protective pad which had been designed to shield
  the table when not in use. The underside of the pad was made of felt, which
  protected the rich surface of the wood, whereas the top was made from a tough
  vinyl which allowed even heavy objects to be placed on its surface without
  damage to the wood.  
On top of the padded table covering, there had been placed a luxuriously
  large bath towel. The fluffy white material had been folded in half and spread
  inwards from the end of the table. A tray had been placed in the centre upon
  which stood an assortment of containers and jars as well as two neatly folded
  towels. To the side of the tray had been placed two diapers and on top of these
  two large safety nappy pins, each four inches long. The nappies and pins had
  been deliberately positioned in such a way that they would be immediately noticeable
  even to the most casual observer. On the floor beneath the table was a large
  bowl of hot water and immersed in the water were two wash cloths.  
Patricia and Geraldene were both dressed smartly and similarly. Both wore
  white sea- island cotton blouses and navy blue skirts. Although their choice
  of dress had been specifically chosen to give them an air of efficiency and
  purpose, the tailoring also showed off the beauty of their lithe and athletic
  bodies. Both girls were exquisitely made-up. Their beauty was stunningly amplified
  by the careful application of their expensive cosmetics.  
At the sound of knocking upon the door which led into their office, Patricia
  leaned forward, her beautiful breasts pressing against the shiny surface of
  the desk as she smiled knowingly at Geraldene.  
She waited and then called out nonchalantly&hellip; "Come".  
She had to repeat her instruction before she heard the handle of the heavy
  oak outer door begin to turn. She looked at Geraldene and quickly stifled a
  giggle as she saw her fellow secretary studiously smoothing her hand over the
  nipple of each of her breasts. Patricia could see that the plump nubs of flesh,
  naked beneath her cotton shirt, had stiffened and now stood out in sharp relief,
  enveloped by the sheer cotton of her blouse.  
They heard the boy enter the vestibule which was separated from the office
  by French doors. They could see a vague image of the young boy through the
  mullioned panes of glass as he turned to close the door behind him.  
Both Geraldene and Patricia pretended to concentrate upon their work as Patricia
  called out to the boy.  
"Please come through."  
Clutching his soaking diaper with one hand, Timothy managed to turn the handle
  of the glass door. Nervously he walked through into the room. He blushed in
  confusion and embarrassment as saw the two secretaries and the lavish environment
  of the room.  
The contrast between his almost naked state entering the apparent normality
  of an office environment made him shiver with an acute feeling of utter stupidity.
  He quickly clutched his napkin with both hands, aware that neither of the two
  secretaries had yet looked up from their work. He wrestled with the urge to
  flee as he stood shivering with trepidation, aware that the moment when they
  would look up and see his nakedness, was still to come.  
He stood blushing and fidgeting nervously as slowly both girls raised their
  heads and looked at him. He felt an involuntary and violent shudder run through
  his naked body as they looked at him. Their eyes flicking over his naked form,
  taking in every detail of his shivering form.  
"Ah, Timothy&hellip; its you is it! Well come over here and stand in front
  of my desk." Geraldene said. Her voice was calm and quiet as her eyes continued
  to look the boy over.  
Timothy blushed even more violently as he clutched his nappy and stumbled,
  rather than walked over to stand in front of the young secretary's desk.  
Suddenly Geraldene gasped. "Look at you, your nappy is soaking wet. You will
  catch your death of cold. Just look at him Patricia, his nappy is sodden."  
Geraldene looked Timothy in the eye once more, causing him to blush to an
  even deeper red as she spoke. "Oh dear Timothy have you wet your nappy. I have
  never seen such a wet nappy. Why didn't you ask someone if you wanted to go
  to the bathroom? To wet your nappy like that is unforgivable&hellip; what on
  earth must have you been thinking about to get your self in such a state?"  
Timothy could not believe what the young secretary was saying. He stammered
  and stuttered, finally getting the words to form. "Oh noooo&hellip; er miss.
  I was&hellip; er swimming&hellip; er misss."  
Patricia smiled at the boy's distress. "That's right Geraldene. Didn't you
  tell me he has been splashing about in the pool. Mind you... his body is dry
  and yet his nappy is still soaked so perhaps he has wet himself after all.
  Little boys never seem to be able to control themselves."  
Ignoring the boy's look of horror and disbelief at her words she stood up
  and looked at him keenly.  
 "Well either way we will have to get you cleaned up&hellip; and that little
  nappy of yours changed. I would hate you to catch cold. Little boys can catch
  cold so easily. If you would give me a hand Geraldene we can lay him on the
  towel and see how wet he is. I see that Jessica has brought some fresh nappies
  and some powder for his little bottom."  
Timothy looked around the room in anguish, not knowing if he was looking
  for help or a chance to escape. He started to shiver as his eyes caught sight
  of the nappies and pins and jars of talcum powder which had been placed upon
  the table. He looked at the two secretaries as they both came around from their
  desks and approached him like beautiful predatory goddesses. His close proximity
  to their beauty overwhelmed him. He looked down at the floor in dread as they
  stood at either side of him. He could not help the flush of blood to his face
  as Patricia gently placed her hand under his chin and raised his head. She
  looked into his eyes, her expression, almost a parody of concern and tenderness.  
"Poor baby, fancy having to stand shivering in a wet nappy... never mind
  sweet child, we know how to take care of little boys with wet nappies."  
Timothy's humiliation knew no bounds as she spoke those humiliating words
  to him. He wanted to protest, but such was his trauma that he merely gasped.
  He felt heady as they placed their soft hands around his waist. The aroma of
  their perfume and the closeness of their bodies made him tremble with humility.
  Both girls bent forward, their hair brushing over his chest and tummy as they
  held him around his waist and reached with their other hands around the back
  of his thighs. Unceremoniously, he felt himself being chair-lifted gently but
  firmly up on to the table. He shivered in humiliation as they placed him upon
  his back on top of the fluffy towel.  
He blushed and trembled as he suddenly realised his position. He squeezed
  his eyes shut with embarrassment as he felt his arms being placed flat on the
  table above his head. To his horror, busy fingers were already undoing his
  nappy. His eyes flew open in horror as the nappy was swiftly unfastened and
  the front pulled off and down between his legs, leaving his genitals bared
  and exposed to their gaze.  
"Pleease&hellip; oh noooo please&hellip;.sssss."  
He could not help his cry of anguish as they unceremoniously lifted his legs
  up into the air and then over his chest as the wet nappy was pulled out from
  beneath him.  
Both Geraldene and Patricia thrilled at the sight of the young boy, his perfect
  body now naked and exposed, available to their every whim. Geraldene could
  not resist trailing her fingers upwards over his thigh, caressing his flesh
  as she spread her hand and deliberately brushed his penis from side to side.  
"Poor baby&hellip; your body is all clammy&hellip; even your little winkle
  is damp!"  
Timothy turned his head to the side in shame as he tried to avoid the embarrassment
  of seeing the two beautiful girls looking at him.  
Patricia was determined that she would not allow him to any respite from
  their attentions. Gently she took his face in his hands as she heard Geraldene
  take a wash-cloth from the bowl of water. She looked deep into his eyes and
  moved her face close to his, her lips pouting in sympathy as she spoke in an
  even more childlike voice to him.  
"Poor Baby&hellip; you must have felt very uncomfortable wetting your nappy
  so&hellip; never mind sweet child&hellip; we are going to give you a nice table
  bath with lovely warm water. We know just how to take special care of baby
  boys."  
She held his head so that he could not avoid her eyes as he blushed profusely
  at her words. She saw him suddenly flinch as Geraldene slapped the wash cloth
  down over his penis and testicles and began to wash him.  
"There, there&hellip; is that better my poor baby&hellip; mmmm sweetheart?"  
Timothy did not know where to put himself. He felt soft fingers hold his
  penis as the washcloth was pushed between his legs. In horror he watched as
  Patricia stood upright and took his legs behind the knees, bending them over
  his body as he felt the washcloth pushed firmly between the cheeks of his bottom.  
Timothy could not help watching in horror as Patricia parted his legs allowing
  Geraldene to probe his bottom with a soapy finger. He tried to squirm away
  from her ministrations, but could not avoid her finger as it pressed against
  the opening of his bottom.  
"Oops&hellip; there we are." She remarked triumphantly as she inserted her
  finger deep into his bottom. She turned her face to Patricia and spoke matter
  of factly.  
"Well at least he has managed not to mess his little nappy with poo poo.
  I'll just make sure his little bottom is nice and clean. There&hellip; we are&hellip; just
  one more little push now and Patricia can wash your little penis for you."  
Timothy squirmed his hips from left to right as Geraldene rotated her finger
  deep within his bottom, her thrusts deft and sure, allowing him no escape from
  the acute and humiliating sensation. Patricia held his legs firmly as Geraldene
  continued thrusting her finger even more deeply into his bottom. She could
  see his face grimace with anguish as she rotated the flesh of her forefinger
  over his prostate gland.  
Seeing that his penis had already begun to engorge, Patricia looked keenly
  at Geraldene and began to lower his legs. Geraldene took the hint and gently
  extricated her finger from his bottom. She helped Patricia position his legs
  so that they were laid widely apart, bending his knees so that his genitals
  were rudely exposed.  
Patricia looked at the boy and spoke softly to him.  
"There my sweet child&hellip; I am just going to wash your little winkle
  and then we will powder your bottom. Before you know it you will be snugly
  wrapped in a nice dry nappy&hellip; it will feel lovely after that old wet
  one!"  
Timothy could do nothing but helplessly watch her as Patricia bent over and
  took his tumescent penis between her finger and thumb. Her gentle touch startled
  him, he felt an involuntary throb run through his loins as she quickly pushed
  the foreskin back and held out her other hand to Geraldene.  
"Please pass me a new wash cloth would you dear." She curled her fingers
  around the shaft of his penis and gripped hard, pulling the foreskin down until
  it was stretched tightly.  
As if it was of no consequence she slapped the soaking wash cloth down over
  the head of his penis, watching him jerk his hips in anguish as she drew the
  coarse material over the very tip.  
"There now sweetheart, we are nearly done."  
She felt the throb of his penis beneath her fingers as she deftly washed
  behind the glans of his penis. She continued running the material over the
  tip and the sensitive rim of his penis until he was completely erect and his
  timid flesh was throbbing violently. Nonchalantly she took the entire cloth
  in her hand and slapped it noisily between his widely parted legs, drawing
  it upwards over his swollen testicles.  
Timothy was in turmoil as Patricia held his penis in a firm grip while they
  washed him thoroughly. Patricia was aware that she would soon have to release
  his penis, if he were not to ejaculate right there and then. She reluctantly
  let go of his pulsing flesh, and together the girls dried him with white fluffy
  towels, lifting his legs high and wide as they dried his bottom.  
"Right now my little man&hellip; we are just going to turn you over so we
  can powder your little bottom."  
Without waiting for a response they quickly rolled him over so that he was
  laid on his tummy. Again Geraldene took the opportunity to spread his legs
  widely apart as Patricia took a container of talcum powder and liberally sprinkled
  his bottom with its contents.  
Timothy moaned in embarrassment and confusion as they pried open his bottom
  cheeks and ran their fingers between the crease. Their hands were soft and
  gentle; their fingers penetrating every crevice as they sensuously stimulated
  his sexual feelings.  
Timothy moaned, not only in response to their ministrations, but also with
  the acute and degrading embarrassment of his treatment.  
On and on and on, they stroked and smoothed their hands over the cheeks of
  his bottom and between the deep cleft of his buttocks. Time after time they
  deliberately scored their fingertips over his sensitive sphincter until he
  cried out in anguish.  
"pleeeaaaaaaaaasseee&hellip; er missssssss." The final word was enunciated
  like a hiss as they inflamed his senses to a fever pitch. Patricia watched
  as he tried in vain to turn his head towards her, his neck muscles tensed and
  constricted as he gasped with the sensation of it all.  
"Hush now little one&hellip; we know what is best for baby boys&hellip; just
  try and push your bottom up like a good boy so that we can powder in-between
  your little cheeks."  
They continued for a further few minutes, delighting in the young boy's utter
  humiliation and as he squirmed and shivered under their diligent stimulation
  of his body. They looked at each other, both smiling mischievously as in turn,
  their fingers probed impudently between the tender cleft of his buttocks.  
Patricia stood upright and delightedly smacked both of his cheeks with the
  flattened palm of her hand, causing him to jerk his body in shame and surprise.  
"There we are that should do now let's get you turned over so we can powder
  your little Winky."  
As they rolled him over they were surprised at the turmoil and anguish that
  was written on his face until they saw how violently his penis was throbbing.
  He shuddered and shivered as they manoeuvred him into position, once more stretching
  his legs widely apart.  
To Timothy's horror, his penis was standing straight up in the air and his
  testicles had recoiled until they had become one very large bulge of flesh
  beneath the shaft of his penis.  
Geraldene waited until he was looking at her at her, before she deliberately
  held the container of talcum powder high in the air and sprinkled it down upon
  his erect penis and swollen testicles. He shivered as the cool contents enveloped
  his smoothly shaven genitals.  
"Oh look Patricia&hellip; his little Winkle is standing straight up in the
  air. I hope he is not going to wee-wee again. Little boys can make such an
  awful mess, especially when their Winkles are so stiff."  
Geraldene observed the look of pure and exquisite embarrassment as it washed
  over his face. His dismay was almost palpable as she lowered her hand in a
  slow and deliberate motion towards his penis, watching the look of pure horror
  on his face as she placed the container between his legs and deftly took a
  firm hold of his throbbing shaft.  
Looking him in the eye she began to smooth the powder up and down the length
  of his penis. She could feel the violence of his pulsing and throbbing flesh
  as she nonchalantly stimulated him to a fever pitch.  
Patricia took the container and generously filled the palm of her hand with
  the glistening powder. She too looked into his eyes as she began to smooth
  the talcum powder over his swollen testicles.  
The sensations became too much for Timothy, his penis began to throb violently.
  His mind was in turmoil as he realised that if they did not stop he would ejaculate.
  He began to move his head from side to side, his mind in turmoil. He could
  not contemplate the ignominy of ejaculating while the girl's seemed unaware
  of his plight.  
"Ohhhhhh&hellip;. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaassssssssssse missssss&hellip; noooo.
  Er&hellip;. Please miss&hellip; er I am goinggggggggg to er&hellip; oooohhhhhhhh."  
Patricia and Geraldene both looked at him as if surprised by his gyrations,
  although they both knew that he was near to ejaculation their outward expression
  appeared indifferent, as if they were unaware of his plight.  
"Now try and keep still&hellip; there's a good boy. What on earth is the
  matter with you?"  
She cocked an enquiring eyebrow at him as she began to squeeze his testicles
  in time with Geraldine's fingers. Their hands seemed to be in synchronisation
  as they rapidly stroked over his erect penis and squeezed his testicles.  
The boy's head was thrashing from side to side as Patricia slipped the fingers
  of one hand between the cheeks of his bottom while she squeezed and fondled
  his testicles with the other. She could feel the contractions of his sphincter
  as she pressed the tip of her finger hard against the tightly puckered flesh.  
"My, my&hellip; baby boys do seem to fidget so when they are having their
  little nappies changed. Now try and be a good boy and keep still while we powder
  you."  
The calmness of Patricia's words was in contrast to the deft and practised
  movement of her hands. She could feel his sphincter contract violently as she
  pressed hard against the puckered star of flesh. His testicles seemed to be
  pulling upwards of their own volition, as she observed the strong throbbing
  of his penis beneath the rapidly moving fingers of Geraldine's hand.  
"Now try and keep still my sweet baby&hellip; we'll soon have you all&hellip;."  
Her words were curtailed by the anguished cry of the young boy as he suddenly
  and reluctantly ejaculated high into the air. Long ropes and globules of semen
  shot upwards as his tummy heaved and his hips shuddered in an anguished and
  prolonged orgasm.  
"Arggggghhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh&hellip; misssssssssss."  
Geraldine pumped even faster with her hand, making sure that the semen which
  had not already shot over her shoulder, landed on the towel between his widely
  spread legs. Neither Patricia nor Geraldene could hide their delight from each
  other as the young boy's body constricted until it was locked in a traumatic
  spasm, his pale torso arching as he was deftly and thoroughly milked of every
  last drop of his semen.  
"Ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; I'mmmmmmmmm soooooo
  sorrrrrrrryyy missssssssss. His lips were trembling and his face was almost
  purple with humiliation and anguish as both Patricia and Geraldene slowed their
  hands.  
Patricia watched as Geraldene expertly elicited the last globules of semen
  from his penis, catching the final driblets with the edge of a towel.  
"Oh dear Timothy&hellip; what on earth have you done. It seems little boys
  have no control at all. What a naughty thing to do!" Patricia looked across
  at Geraldene as she spoke. "Little boys are so much worse than little girls.
  Well never mind&hellip; at least you managed to keep stop him messing himself
  again. I don't know what we are going to do with him."  
She looked at Timothy, his shameful face and tearstained eyes were certainly
  that of a very young boy. "Never mind sweetheart&hellip; little boys always
  seem to be having little accidents."  
She watched as he began to cry in shame. She leaned forward and kissed him
  gently on the cheek. She could feel the heat from his skin as she took his
  head in her arms and nestled him to her breasts. "There&hellip; there my poor
  baby boy&hellip; don't cry&hellip; we'll make it all better now just lie your
  little head back and relax." She laid his head down gently and smoothed his
  arms down above his head. She could clearly see the intoxicating effect her
  beauty had upon him as he lay childlike, looking up at her. She could not resist
  bending her head and gently kissing him on the lips, feeling his rapturous
  breath upon her cheek.  
Gently they smoothed their hands over his body, soothing and claming him
  as he lay panting with emotion. Geraldene gently applied more talcum powder
  to his genitals, carefully avoiding the now acutely sensitive tip of his penis.
  Patricia gently lifted his hips as Geraldene slipped the new diaper under his
  bottom. She could see the boy blushing as she brought the material up between
  his widely parted legs and gently lifted his testicles as she tightened the
  fluffy nappy.  
Patricia closed the sides of the diaper and Geraldene fastened the completed
  napkin with one of the large pins. Patricia stood next to Geraldene who was
  looking down at the boy. Mischievously she slipped her hand under her friends
  skirt and felt between her legs, the moistness immediately telling her of Geraldine's
  pleasure at the afternoon's events. She made sure that the boy's eyes were
  still closed before she grinned impishly at her friend.  
"Just lie quietly now little Timmy&hellip; perhaps you are ready for an afternoon
  nap&hellip; little children should always have an afternoon nap."  
Their mission accomplished, they left him to himself and returned to their
  desks. Patricia picked up the phone and spoke quietly for a few moments before
  replacing the receiver. She almost laughed out loud as she saw that Geraldene
  was walking quietly away to the bathroom.  
It was perhaps twenty minutes later that the girls aroused Timothy. He had
  not heard the young nurse enter the room and looked at her sleepily. His composure
  was soon rudely disrupted when Patricia spoke to the nurse.  
"I am afraid that Timothy here has been a naughty little boy and has&hellip; er&hellip; had
  a little accident. I am afraid he ejaculated as we were changing his nappy.
  I know little boys have a job to control any of their bodily functions, but
  I am afraid he took both Geraldine and I completely by surprise."  
Timothy blushed furiously, his feeling of abject humiliation and shame returning
  to him in an instance. He wanted to speak&hellip; to try and explain, but it
  seemed the young nurse was having none of it.  
"I am sorry you have had to witness such disgusting behaviour Patricia. It
  must have been distressful for you and Geraldine to have to witness this sort
  of behaviour when there was no medical reason for him to do such a thing."  
Penny was aware that both Pat and Geraldine were near to giggling. She looked
  straight at the boy capturing his attention before he could see the smirk upon
  the girls faces.  
Well Timothy my boy. You will still be required to give two samples for the
  doctor and so unfortunately I shall have to place you upon your hands and knees
  so that I can get a firm and unhindered pressure to your prostate gland. I
  will not let you shirk away from giving me two completely full samples, so
  you can look forward to a firm and vigorous milking."  
She watched Timothy as tears of shame rolled down his blushing red cheeks.
  His bottom lip trembled as listened to the stern rebuke.  
Penny could see his distress and softened her voice. She moved closer and
  stroked her hand upwards upon the inside of his thigh.  
"Now promise me you will be a good little boy and I will let you have a nice
  big glass of milk and a little nap after I have positioned you on the table
  in the bathroom. Now let me help you up and then I will let you hold my hand
  while I take you into the main part of the house. Now just let have a little
  feel inside your nappy to check you over and then we will be ready to go"  
Before the boy could protest, Penny had slipped her hand inside the waistband
  of his nappy. Without preamble she slid her hand down over his penis and cupped
  his testicles.  
"Ermmm&hellip; yes." Her fingers squeezed his testicles gently. "I think
  there will be plenty there to give me two good samples. It is a good thing
  for that Miss Gail is still at the pool otherwise I think she would be warming
  your little bottom cheeks for your, don't you?"  
Penny felt the boy shudder with shame as she squeezed his testicles once
  more before taking hold of his penis and examining the plump flesh within her
  fingers. Slowly she withdrew her hand, but not before she had felt an answering
  throb from the shaft of his timid member.  
"Ah well Timothy, sometimes I forget just how immature little boys really
  are!"  
Timothy was beyond coherent thought, such was his absolute shame, that he
  was completely incapable of uttering even the briefest of replies. Tears of
  shame and utter humiliation rolled down his face as the girls gently helped
  him from the table and he walked shakily towards the door.  
Both Geraldine and Patricia watched as Penny bent her head and kissed him
  gently on his trembling lips and then took his hand in hers as she led him
  from the room.  
* 
It was five o'clock by the time Gail had driven Susan and Timothy back to
  Susan's house. Gail had seemed to have taken complete charge of the young boy.
  Vicki Grant had telephoned to say that she and Hazel were staying in town to
  have dinner and so would be not back until late. To Gail's utter delight, she
  had asked that both she and Susan bath Timothy before putting him to bed. She
  had also asked that they ring the nurse to tell her that neither Vicki nor
  Hazel would be available to help with the boy's semen extraction that evening.  
Susan had telephoned the nurse while Gail had prepared Timothy's tea. Anxious
  that there would be some periods of normality, Gail had walked Timothy over
  to his own house and had waited downstairs while he went up to his bedroom
  to change into his normal clothes. He had reappeared in chinos and a T shirt
  and was wearing his favourite trainers upon his feet.  
"Hey, that outfit really suits you," she had said.  
She could immediately see the boost to his ego, although he could not help
  blushing at the compliment, as she watched him come down the stairs. Gail had
  smiled at him knowing full well that it would not be long before he was embarrassedly
  taking them all off again.  
She thought back to the second milking session he had been subjected to at
  her mother's house. His torment had not been helped by the young nurse's absolute
  determination to extract two full samples from the helpless young boy.  
Timothy shivered every time he thought back to the afternoon; to his utter
  shame he had been most thoroughly milked by the young nurse. Penny had placed
  him in the most embarrassing of positions making him thrust his young bottom
  high in the air as he knelt upon his elbows, his knees having already been
  spread wide apart by the two young sectretaries.  
The presence of Mrs Hartman, had not only added to his embarrassment, but
  her beauty and almost regal appearance had made him feel humble and gauche.  
He had been forced to give one of the most agonizing ejaculations yet. Patricia
  and Geraldine had held him captive while the young nurse, true to her word,
  had expertly elicited nearly a full rest tube of semen from him.  
His embarrassment had been compounded by Gail who had held his head and made
  him look into her eyes while he was being milked.  
Her words, rather than being comforting, had caused him even more embarrassment. "There's
  a brave little soldier&hellip; nurse is going to make your little penis spurt
  soon, so try and do your best. Patricia will squeeze your little testicles
  to help you fill the jar."  
She had held his head steadily gazing into his eyes as he gasped and groaned. "There,
  there&hellip; it will soon be over&hellip; mummy is just going to smack your
  bottom a little bit as you squirt."  
Indeed Constance Hartman had delighted in giving the young boy six sound
  slaps; his hips had bucked and writhed as he squirted helplessly and deliriously
  into the waiting test tube. They had left him lying on the massage table for
  over an hour, before Gail had come to rouse him.  
He had shivered with trepidation when he realised that he had not been spared
  a second milking.  
Instead Penny had made him stand with his legs spread widely apart. She had
  instructed Patricia and Geraldine to hold him with his arms outstretched and
  then lower him to a squatting position with his knees outstretched while she
  had inserted a well lubricated finger upwards into his bottom. The deep penetration
  had been aided by his widely spread cheeks, his sphincter stretched and unable
  to resist the deft penetration of her finger.  
He had almost yelped with sensation as he stood upright, not only to feel
  that her finger had stayed within him, but incredibly had slid even further
  up inside his anus. The stiffened digit of her hand had prodded his prostate
  so effectively, that it caused him to shudder as she reached around and nonchalantly
  lifted his flaccid penis away from his body.  
Cleverly Penny had made sure that the only adult left to help with her ministrations
  would be Constance Hartman. Constance did well to hide her delight as Penny
  asked innocently whether she would mind manipulating the boy's penis.  
"I will be able to do a far better job if I only had to massage his prostate
  gland while you&hellip; er milk him. Would that be alright Mrs Hartman?"  
Constance had moved to the boy's side and had taken a firm hold of his penis
  with one hand while cupping his testicles with the other, her deft handling
  demonstrating an obvious familiarity with the male genitalia.  
"Oh thank you Mrs Hartman&hellip; he won't take but a moment to ejaculate
  in this position," she had said helpfully as she saw Susan pick up the new
  test tube and clutch it to her breasts.  
Susan was aware that they had all looked at her. Defensively she had said; "I'll
  collect all his squirts shall I Mrs Hartman? Do I just hold this to the end
  of his little penis when I think he is ready to spurt?"  
Gail had nearly laughed out loud as she heard Susan's words, instead she
  moved behind her and gently squeezed her bottom. If Timothy had not been looking
  Susan would have turned around and grinned at her friend.  
Gail moved past Susan and stood in front of the young boy. She had looked
  him straight in the eye and whispered to him.  
"Now be a good boy&hellip; and give nurse some nice strong squirts when the
  time comes. I will be watching you&hellip; so do your best for me will you?" Gail
  felt a thrill of satisfaction when she saw the boy blush an even deeper red
  at her words.  
She rested her delicate hand against his heaving chest as she kissed him
  on the cheek. Constance had felt the boy's penis throb in her hand. She felt
  sure that it was in direst response to Gail's kiss.  
Although they had all been referring to his "little" penis, Constance Hartman
  was well aware that the male organ she held in her hand was unusually well
  developed for such a young boy.  
*  
Now as Susan and Gail sat in the kitchen of Vicki Grant's picturesque cottage
  they talked avidly about the events of the last few days. Gail had made sure
  that the kitchen door was closed and that Timothy, who was laid upon the settee
  in the sitting room, was well absorbed in watching the television set. They
  had waited until the boy had settled down to watch his programs before changing
  their clothes. Both girls had giggled and laughed at the transformation as
  they had stood in front of Susan's mirror and admired themselves.  
Gail looked at Susan. "You realise that he has already changed his attitude
  to you, don't you? If you think about it&hellip; he was used to addressing
  you as Susan&hellip; and now if you have noticed&hellip; he calls you either
  miss&hellip; or miss Susan."  
She leaned forward, her beautiful and breasts pressing sensuously against
  the sheer silk of her blouse. Neither girl was wearing a bra; instead they
  had carefully chosen outfits from Gail's wardrobe and tried them on in Gail's
  lavish bedroom. Their outfits combined a formal look with more than a hint
  of sexiness. The outlandishly expensive material of their navy skirts and white
  silk shirts had seemed to cling and then swing free of their young bodies in
  such a mesmerising way, that even Constance Harman had commented on their appearance.
  Rather than wear the clothes for their journey back to Susan's house, Gail
  had carefully packed the clothes in a suitcase so that they could surprise
  the young boy. She also carried in her bag several other items that her mother
  had said 'may come in handy'.  
"That is what I mean about moulding his psyche," she continued. "Eventually
  when Hazel leaves&hellip; we&hellip; and I do mean we, will be able to continue
  with a more authoritarian attitude over him.  
His mother would never be able to cope with all the problems of a teenaged
  boy if he were a wild youth and mixing with the wrong sort. So I think she
  will just be thankful that we are his friends&hellip; and grateful that his
  'out of school' time is taken up with people that she knows and trusts. I would
  just love to be in Hazel's position&hellip; I mean," Gail rolled her eyes, "did
  you just see how she spanked him&hellip; wow!"  
She leaned forward as Susan beckoned to whisper to her. "Well you said we
  are going to spank him tonight&hellip; and I for one just can't wait."  
Gail laughed. "Calm down my pretty one&hellip; patience is a virtue."  
Gail giggled again and put her finger to her lips as she heard the doorbell
  ring. "Shhh&hellip;" she motioned to Susan as she called out. "Oh Timothy see
  who that is at the front door would you sweetie."  
Both girls knew exactly who would be waiting outside, but hesitated for a
  moment before quietly opening the kitchen door and peeping along the corridor.
  They watched as the young boy answered the door. Gail would have loved to have
  been able to see his face as he stepped back in astonishment at the sight of
  the two young nurses. While Timothy's back was turned, both Susan and Gail
  quickly made their way to the sitting room and seated themselves primly upon
  the settee.  
Gail felt a thrill run through her beautiful body as Timothy entered the
  room, his face already blushing profusely. His look of astonishment at the
  sight of Susan and Hazel in their white shirts and navy skirts brought a look
  of astonishment and terror to his face. Gail ignored him and looked up at Penny.  
"Do take a seat both of you and er&hellip; Timothy&hellip; would you go the
  bathroom please and take off all of your clothes. I want you stripped completely
  naked. Now don't dawdle, the nurses are very busy. Just strip off as quickly
  as you can and wait for the nurses to come through."  
She pretended to ignore the look of pure terror on his face as she looked
  at the two young nurses. "It's Tina isn't it&hellip; if you remember, I saw
  you at the school medical examinations? Now, would you both have time for a
  cup of tea before you give little Timmy his enema?" She looked back at the
  horror struck boy. "Come along Timothy&hellip; don't just stand there off you
  go, I want you stripped bare and ready for your treatment."  
She watched as his face blushed as red as beetroot. Reluctantly he turned
  away and stumbled rather than walked towards the bathroom. She made sure that
  her voice was raised enough for him to hear as she spoke to Penny. "I thought
  Susan and I might observe you as you give him his enema. I need to be sure
  that he behaves himself and sometimes a smacked bottom seems the only way with
  young Timmy."  
Timothy was so humiliated that he could hardly see the door handle through
  his tears of shame as he stumbled into the bathroom.  
His emotional state was such that tears ran down his cheeks as he looked
  around the large tiled room. He saw that towels had already been laid out across
  the table and also that several new jars of lubricant and gels had been set
  up on a low table next to the cast iron bath. He shivered at the thought of
  his impending treatment as he caught sight of the toilet, surely Susan and
  Gail would not be there to watch him as he evacuated into the bowl. He shivered
  in dread as he began to undo the belt of his trousers.  
Somehow, the sight of Susan and Gail had distressed and embarrassed him thoroughly.
  Their style of dress had lent them an extra air of formality and authority
  which seemed to diminish his sense of self esteem, although if he were to admit
  it, he had very little self esteem left.  
He blushed again at the thought of the two girls witnessing his humiliating
  treatment. He could not have explained his confusion when he saw them sitting
  primly on the settee. Their appearance had immediately brought home to him
  the absolute and total embarrassment of his position.  
The expression on his face as he had first caught sight of them, had instantly
  confirmed to the girls, that the style, appearance and the fine quality of
  the clothes that they were wearing, was the perfect choice with which to impose
  their authority.  
The sensual smoothness of the material of their white shirts and navy blue
  skirts had the effect of making them seem older and at the same time confirming
  their superiority in a stunningly visual way. Gail and Susan both knew that
  their presence during his humiliating ordeal would be heightened by the formality
  of their dress&hellip; providing a complete and shameful contrast to his nakedness.  
Timothy fumbled with the buckle of his trousers, his trembling fingers hardly
  able to cope with the simple task of undressing. He had taken off his shoes
  and socks and had pulled his T shirt over his head and laid it on the seat
  of one of the bathroom chairs.  
In shame he took off his trousers, standing naked apart from his underpants
  as he laid his trousers over the back of the chair. He shivered in shame as
  he hooked his fingers in to the waistband of his underpants. In utter humiliation
  he felt his turgid penis spring free from the confines of the material as he
  lowered the garment to his ankles.  
He stepped out of his underpants and through tearful eyes, stuffed them underneath
  his T-shirt.  
Out of sheer desperation at the embarrassment of his position he clasped
  his hands to his naked groin. The shame at being made to wait naked in the
  large bathroom, knowing that four pretty females would be coming through to
  view his nakedness, was so strong that he felt near to fainting.  
He stood cowering as, to his utter dismay, he heard the door handle turn.
  He looked up to see that only Susan had entered the room. He quickly looked
  down, clasping his hands firmly to his genitals as he pressed his knees together.
  His whole face and much of his chest was covered in a deep flush of redness
  as Susan nonchalantly looked him over from head to toe.  
"My, my&hellip; you are in a state." She said as she approached the blushing
  boy. Hold your head up and let me see your face." Timothy shivered and groaned
  inwardly as she held out her hand and lifted his chin until he was looking
  into her eyes.  
"Oh dear, I suppose you feel embarrassed at being naked, is that what it
  is Timothy?"  
Timothy blushed even more as she held his chin so that he could not avoid
  her enquiring look. His shame was paramount as she looked at him sympathetically.
  Her pretty face, serene and beautifully made up, seemed in utter contrast to
  his own blushing and perspiring countenance.  
He shivered in shame as she let go of his chin and walked to the table. She
  smoothed her hands over the fluffy towels which had been laid on the table
  and turned and looked at him as he stood crouched and cowering. He stared at
  her in utter anguish as she announced her intentions.  
"The nurses want you arranged upon the table, so I thought that I would get
  you positioned while they have their cup of tea. Now you are not going to give
  me any difficulty are you&hellip; my little Timothy."  
He blushed profusely as she looked him in the eye and crooked her finger,
  beckoning him to approach the table.  
His bottom lip began to quiver as he reluctantly approached her. He flinched
  with anguish as she laid her hand upon his shoulder. His reluctant gesture
  seemed to stiffen her resolve. Quickly she grasped him around the waist and
  with a vigour that surprised him; she smacked him several times upon his bottom
  cheeks. His surprise and humiliation showed in his face as she stood him up
  straight and looked him in the eye.  
"Now Timothy, you are obviously not going to behave yourself without having
  to be disciplined. I want you to put your hands upon your head and stand with
  your back to the table. I won't ask you again, instead I will take one of your
  tennis shoes and bend you over and give your bare bottom a sound spanking."  
Timothy could not believe his ears. His mind could not come to terms with
  the fact that, less than a week ago, Susan had been the girl next door in every
  sense of the expression. She had joked with him and praised his expertise in
  helping her mother out with some of the small maintenance jobs in the cottage.
  Although he had always been in awe of her beauty&hellip; and the fact that
  she was older than himself, he had never the less felt that she was a friend.  
Now he was standing naked before her and being instructed to uncover his
  penis and testicles to her gaze, at the threat of being soundly spanked with
  his own training shoe.  
He shivered in shame; his whole body shuddering as he slowly took his hands
  from his groin, his eyes involuntarily looking down in shame as his plump penis
  sprang forward.  
Susan also felt a shiver run through her body, but there the similarity ended.
  She felt a delicious tingle between her legs as she gloated in triumph at the
  naked boy, watching him as he hesitantly placed his hands upon the top of his
  head.  
She did not try and disguise the fact that she was looking straight at his
  penis and testicles as she stepped backwards. Instead she instructed him firmly. "Now
  Timothy, stand with your legs apart and straighten your back. I intend that
  you will obey me without question. I know it may be embarrassing for a child
  to have to stand with his legs apart and show his little willy, but I promise
  you that I will be forced to smack you very hard if you dare to disobey me
  again."  
Timothy blushed mightily; he could feel the heat from his cheeks and neck
  as he reluctantly looked at her. She stepped forward and grasped his penis
  in her delicate hand, holding him firmly as she looked into his eyes.  
"Now spread those legs and place your back against the edge of the table." She
  could not help another thrill running through her body as she gently tapped
  his penis before letting him go. She stood back and watched as he struggled
  with his desire to cover his genitals. Hesitantly he stood as he had been instructed,
  acutely aware of his shaven pubic area and genitals as he spread his legs and
  arched his back against the edge of the table.  
Susan felt dominant and confident as she realised that the boy was following
  her orders without further question.  
"Now I want you to tell me that you will promise to obey me without any further
  nonsense. Now look at me and tell me!"  
Timothy was shivering from head to foot, his shame and humiliation paramount
  as he stood bared and shamed in front of the pretty young girl. Susan looked
  cool and calm as he stammered his reply.  
"I'm sorry er&hellip; er&hellip; miss er.. Susan&hellip; er I promise to
  be good." Tears rolled down his cheeks as Susan gently placed her delicate
  fingers against his burning cheek.  
"There, there never mind&hellip; be a good little boy and follow my instructions." Her
  voice was soft and gentle, causing him to feel even more embarrassed as he
  stood naked before her.  
She spoke softly and gently, as a mother would to a young baby. "Now sweetheart,
  I want you to sit up on the middle of the table and lay back. Do you think
  you could do that for me, mmm&hellip; sweetie?  
Timothy's complete humiliation and confusion seemed to culminate in a mist
  before his eyes. He somehow found the strength to push himself up on to the
  table. He felt utterly stupid and gauche as he shuffled his bottom into the
  middle and then laid back. His humiliation was cruelly sensitising every nerve
  ending in his body as he performed the shameful act of laying back and rudely
  exposing himself so openly.  
His chest heaved with emotion as he saw Susan looking down at his bare body.
  He flinched as her slender fingers came to rest upon the inside of his thigh.
  Slowly and reluctantly, he obeyed her instruction. "Open those legs nice and
  wide&hellip; spread your knees until they are over the sides of the table.
  The nurses want a full and unhindered access to your little bottom&hellip; there
  we are&hellip; that's the way."  
Susan was inwardly gloating; a full and invigorating sense of triumph pervaded
  her body as she moved to the side of the table and placed her hand gently upon
  his heaving chest. She looked over his naked body, seeing that his plump penis
  now hung gown between his widely stretched legs. His swollen testicles seemed
  to move up and down of their own volition as his chest heaved with shame and
  humiliation.  
She saw that even through his embarrassment he could not help looking at
  her. Deliberately she moved her hand from his chest and made absolutely sure
  his eyes were following the movement of her hand, before delicately taking
  hold of the tip of his penis between her finger and thumb.  
She could clearly see his body quake in embarrassment and acute sensation
  as she lifted the plump flesh, until she held it completely upright from his
  body.  
"Argghhh&hellip;." He moaned as she felt the flesh suddenly throb between
  her fingers.  
"Now keep still. I just want to slip your foreskin back and expose your penis
  fully to make sure that it is completely free and that you are not sore." Susan
  had chosen her words carefully to ensure that Timothy would be further embarrassed.  
Timothy could not help his emotions. He could feel his penis begin to throb
  as the flesh engorged. His humiliation knew no bounds as he watched and felt
  the fingers of her other hand wrap themselves around the shaft of his throbbing
  member.  
Susan drew in a deep breath as she felt another thrill course through her
  body. She held her breath as she prepared to savour the moment. Delicately
  she stretched his penis upwards and with the fingers of her other hand, slipped
  the foreskin slowly down the shaft. She could feel a series of quick throbs
  pulse beneath her fingers as the boys hips jerked with violent sensation. She
  held the foreskin back, stretching the skin tightly as she felt his penis begin
  to throb and pulse constantly, burgeoning into a hard shaft of flesh.  
His body could not resist the acuteness of the sexual stimulation and his
  hips jerked in response to her clever manipulation of his flesh.  
Her voice was cool and calm, concealing the excitement she felt as subjected
  the boy to extreme stimulation.  
"Try and keep still Timothy, I want to look beneath your foreskin. We can't
  have you being sore behind here, can we?" She teased her finger around the
  rim of his erect penis as if to illustrate her point, her fingers no longer
  necessary to hold the flesh upright.  
A droplet of clear liquid emerged from the tip of his penis as she slid the
  foreskin upwards and over the rim of the glans.  
"Oh dear Timothy, little boys seem to have no control. Look at you, your
  penis has become erect and there is already a drop of liquid coming out of
  it. I will have to get a tissue and wipe it for you." Susan was secretly delighted
  as the boy turned his head away in shame.  
She took her hands from him and walked to the low table by the bath. She
  saw that next to the tissues was a box of latex gloves which had been propped
  against a large jar of lubricant. On impulse she took a pair of the gloves
  and sensuously slid them on her hands. Next she took the large jar of lubricant
  and a several pieces of tissue and walked back to the table.  
She placed the jar between his legs and took a tissue. Deftly she took hold
  of his penis, hearing him groan as she expertly skinned his foreskin back to
  reveal the large bulbous head.  
"Argghhhh&hellip;ooooOOOHHH." He groaned as she nonchalantly wiped the drop
  of glistening liquid from the end of his penis. She delighted in the writhing
  of his hips as she casually wiped around the glans of his penis. She held him
  firmly making sure that the soft tissue made good contact with the sensitive
  parts of his penis.  
"Now come along shuffle down the table, I want your legs hanging over the
  end and your bottom right on the edge." She watched him blush and noted the
  look of anguish on his face as she took the jar of lubricant from between his
  legs and unscrewed the top. She waited patiently as he struggled to do her
  bidding. When he had his bottom far enough towards the edge of the table she
  put down the container of lubricant and placed her hands on his thigh.  
"Right young man&hellip; lets have these legs hanging over the side so that
  your bottom is nice and accessible." She saw his immediate blush as she pulled
  his thigh towards her until his calf was hanging over the edge of the table.
  She walked around to the other side and pulled his other thigh even further
  apart until the crook of his knee was over the edge of the table and his lower
  leg was hanging down.  
"Now stretch your arms out along the bed behind you head&hellip; come along
  push them out and stretch your fingers&hellip; there that's the way." She watched
  delightedly as he innocently obeyed her, his young perfectly proportioned body
  was stretched out before her, his penis and testicles bared and his bottom
  open and available for her pleasure.  
The result of her positioning of the boy had left him with his legs spread
  so widely apart that his sphincter was completely revealed. She moved to the
  bottom edge of the table between his legs and deftly slipped her cupped hand
  underneath his plump testicles. "Arggghhh&hellip; ssssssss"  
He hissed in embarrassment as she gently lifted the delicate orbs and peered
  between his bottom cheeks. She could see that his penis was still pulsing as
  it stood pointing straight up towards the ceiling. She loved the feeling of
  holding his testicles in her hand. It seemed to her that she held his entire
  essence. She scored her finger nails over the tight skin of his scrotum, marvelling
  at the way the skin recoiled as she stimulated it.  
She turned her attention to his buttocks, admiring the firm and beautifully
  contoured flesh. She could not have explained why she had an urgent impulsive
  desire to thrust her hand hard between his cheeks as if she was impaling him.
  Susan had already learned a lot about herself, her increasing confidence in
  handling the boy had already pleased her and she intended to be very much a
  part of the boy's immediate future.  
"Yes I think you accessible enough; I am just going to lubricate your bottom
  so that you are nice and greasy for the nurse to slip the nozzle up into your
  bottom." Her words were again designed to increase his embarrassment.  
She reached forward to retrieve the jar of lubricant and waited with the
  jar held overtly in her hands until at last, her hesitation caused him to look
  up at her.  
He blushed as she deliberately dipped two fingers into the jar and drew them
  out very slowly, allowing globules of the viscous and glistening lubricant
  to drip back into the jar. She placed the jar on to the table by his waist
  and looked him in the eye.  
"Now I want no fidgeting&hellip; do you hear me?" Timothy looked at her in
  horror as she deliberately lifted his testicles, her delicate fingers cupping
  his scrotum delicately and sensuously.  
"Now relax your bottom and allow me proper access." Her words were immediately
  accompanied by the firm pressure of her lubricated fingers against his sphincter
  as she pushed them rudely between his bottom cheeks.  
"Ooooohhhh&hellip; er.. er&hellip; misssss." His embarrassment was paramount
  as she began to rotate her fingers around the sensitive outer flesh of his
  sphincter. Slowly and inexorably he felt his sphincter being penetrated, until
  suddenly her forefinger entered into his bottom.  
"Ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh." He cried, as she deftly pushed her finger up
  into him. She could feel her whole body vibrate with the thrill and sensation
  of impaling his bottom with her finger. She pushed deeper, immediately feeling
  the swollen mound of flesh of his prostate against her fingertip.  
"Now keep still, while I just rotate my finger." Her words were almost lost
  in his groans of protestation.  
"Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip;. Hooo&hellip; hooo" His head shook
  from side to side as he moaned and groaned in his tormented state.  
She could not believe the anguish she produced in him at each firm touch
  of her finger against his prostate. Cruelly she added to his torment as she
  spoke softly and gently.  
"Open wide, there's a good boy." Her words merely fuelled his utter humiliation
  as she swirled her finger around, deep inside his bottom. Susan could not believe
  the absolute thrill she felt each time she elicited another groan from the
  boy. She realized that she was delighting as much in the boys sensual torment
  as in the feel of his beautiful body. She felt the opening of his bottom relax
  as he tried to draw his bottom away from her busy fingers. Instinctively she
  pressed her middle finger against the pulsating muscle of his sphincter, feeling
  it slip inside easily beside her forefinger as she increased the pressure.  
"Arghhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; please missssss."  
His cry of torment was accompanied by a small spurt of clear liquid from
  the end of his penis. She immediately slowed her fingers, suddenly fearful
  that he might lose all control.  
"There we are Timothy, that wasn't so bad, was it now?" Her words were spoken
  calmly. "Now just keep still while I slip my fingers out of your little bottom.
  Really Timothy I never realized how much fuss little boys make over such simple
  things." Her demeaning words caused him to hang his head to the side as she
  slipped her fingers out of his bottom with a satisfying sucking noise.  
Casually she wiped her gloved finger on a tissue and moved to stand by his
  waist, looking down at his bright red face. "Now keep still, while I clean
  you once more. I can see that you are obviously not concerned about the rude
  state of your penis. I just hope that we never catch you playing with yourself.
  Just think how embarrassing it would be to have to be spanked for playing with
  your penis."  
Timothy blushed immediately, his upper body suddenly erupting in an abundance
  of bright red flesh. He squeezed his eyes shut in utter embarrassment as Susan
  chided him. Susan smiled to herself as she took hold of his penis in a satisfyingly
  firm grip and slid his foreskin down the shaft of his penis in one deft and
  practiced movement.  
She could feel his flesh shudder in utter degradation as she nonchalantly
  wiped the sensitive flesh without thought to his humiliation.  
She stood back and waited for him to open his eyes before speaking to him. "Now
  Timothy, I want you to really stretch those arms out behind you and keep exactly
  in the position I have put you. I hope for your sake that your penis subsides
  before the nurses see you&hellip; I am sure that they would be shocked by your
  rude behaviour."  
She looked down at his naked body, his legs splayed widely apart showing
  off his plump testicles. His penis still standing straight up from his smoothly
  shaven flesh. "I warn you that if you have moved from this position I will
  take you over my knee and spank your bare little bottom cheeks."  
Timothy felt butterflies in his stomach as he looked up at the beautiful
  girl. She looked cool and self assured as she admonished him. He could not
  believe how open and exposed he felt as he watched her lay her delicate hand
  upon his tummy. He shuddered in embarrassment as she causally examined his
  naked body.  
He had never had his legs stretched so widely apart before and the position
  humiliated him beyond belief. He watched in horror as she nonchalantly smoothed
  her hand over his tummy and smoothly shaven pubis, until her fingertips were
  touching the shaft of his erect penis. He groaned as she suddenly raised her
  hand and tapped the bulbous tip, making the plump and throbbing flesh sway
  backwards and forwards.  
He felt utterly drained of any self respect, his utter embarrassment paramount
  as she looked him in the eye. Her expression was almost mocking as she made
  sure that he was paying complete attention to her.  
"Well Timothy, are you going to obey me&hellip; and stay exactly in this
  position?"  
His answer delighted Susan so much, that she found it hard to contain her
  feeling of utter triumph.  
"Oh&hellip; yes miss. I promise I will always obey you ... er I didn't mean
  any harm&hellip; erm I'm just so embarrassed er&hellip; miss Susan."  
She tapped his erect penis once more and then instinctively bent low over
  his outstretched body. Stretching out her arm she took a firm hold on his penis
  and lowered her head to his and suddenly kissed him full on the lips. She could
  feel his heart pounding as she pushed her tongue into his mouth and at the
  same time slid his foreskin up and down the shaft of his penis in a rapid motion.  
As she pulled her mouth away from his, she could feel his breath upon her
  cheek. She looked into his eyes, seeing the look of rapture and supplication
  in his young eyes.  
Susan felt she was walking on air; such was her triumph as she turned to
  him once more. She could not help herself as she suddenly decided to further
  embarrass the boy.  
"The nurses will be in shortly to slip a nozzle up into your bottom and when
  they have finished they will take you through to the examination room to have
  your little penis milked&hellip; so be a good boy and just wait quietly."  
He groaned in anguish as he watched her walk to the door, his humiliation
  distressingly complete when he saw that his erect penis was throbbing and pulsing
  violently as it pointed straight up towards his head.  
Susan gave the boy one last look as she held the door open. She could see
  that his penis was bouncing up and down the head touching his tummy then pulsating
  upwards in an involuntary cycle. She smiled to herself as she imagined what
  Gail's expression would be when she got a chance to tell her exactly how she
  had handled their young charge.  
It did not seem many moments later that Timothy heard the handle turn and
  the bathroom door open. He groaned in dismay as he saw the two nurses enter
  the room. They were quickly followed by Susan and Gail. He could not help turning
  his head in shame as the nurses put down the bags they were carrying and began
  unpacking the contents on to the small table by the bath.  
It was Gail who approached him; bending over his head she looked into his
  eyes and gently laid her hand flat on his tummy. To Timothy's utmost embarrassment,
  he felt his penis begin to throb violently, the shaft bobbing upwards away
  from his tummy and then bouncing back with a slap. He looked at Gail almost
  pleadingly as if she might extricate him from his embarrassing position. Her
  expression was soft and caring as she leaned her face close to his and gently
  kissed him on his parted lips.  
The gesture caused Timothy to look up at her beautiful face in awe as she
  whispered softly to him. "Poor baby&hellip; never mind it will all be over
  soon." She casually slid her hand down over his tummy, her fingers brushing
  against the head of his penis as she slipped her delicate fingers between his
  widely spread legs. He gasped in shock as she gently encased his scrotum and
  lifted his testicles free of his body.  
"There&hellip; sweetheart, it won't be long before we empty your little plums
  for you, so just lay back and keep your hands stretched out, like a brave little
  soldier."  
Timothy blushed so violently that Gail could feel the heat from his cheeks
  as she looked into his eyes. She noticed that his pupils had almost defocused
  with the utter embarrassment of his humiliating position. She felt a thrill
  run through her as she straightened up, leaning over his hips so that she could
  examine his testicles in detail. She could not resist letting her hand roam
  over his flesh as she lifted the soft orbs upwards.  
He has the most perfect body of any boy I have ever seen, thought Gail as
  she stroked one hand over his tummy, her fingers brushing against his throbbing
  erection, as she held his scrotum up from between his legs.  
It was not many minutes before Gail and Susan were able to step back and
  watch as the nurses deftly took charge of the young boy. A lubricated gloved
  hand was quickly thrust between his bottom cheeks as Tina used her other hand
  to lift his testicles out of the way. The boy's gasps and groans let the girl's
  know that his bottom had been penetrated almost immediately. Susan and Gail
  watched as Tina's hand thrust hard up in-between his bottom cheeks as he was
  deftly impaled. Gail leaned forward to see that Tina was already probing deep
  inside his bottom with two fingers.  
"Argggggggggggg&hellip;ooooooooooohhhhh." Timothy could not contain himself
  as he felt the fingers abruptly withdraw from his bottom cheeks and be immediately
  replaced by a hard bulbous object. His hips rose up from the table in anguish,
  as his sphincter was skilfully penetrated by the enema nozzle.  
Tina's voice was quite causal and measured as she turned her head to Gail
  and Susan. "I am using a large sized nozzle; it is an excellent device for
  making the water swirl up inside him&hellip; and it will also keep his sphincter
  stretched so that I can use two fingers to penetrate him while Penny is milking
  his penis."  
Timothy was cocooned in a mist of humiliating anguish as he listened to the
  nurse casually explain her methods to Susan and Gail.  
For Gail and Susan, the absolute thrill of the boy's torment was a pleasure
  to be savoured. Whether his young body was writhing with pain or pleasure made
  no difference to the thrill they felt. To be able to control his emotions&hellip; to
  watch his pale torso arch in anguished emotion, was such a fulfilling sight
  that neither girl intended to ever deny themselves this new-found pleasure.  
Tina attached the large clear plastic bag of liquid to the flange of the
  stainless steel nozzle; nonchalantly she continued probing his bottom, watching
  the device move easily in and out of his sphincter as Penny placed her fingers
  around the enema bag. "He has obviously only recently been to the lavatory,
  his bottom seems clean, but penny is going to give him two bags full anyway." She
  turned to Timothy and spoke sharply. "Have you just been to the toilet Timothy?"  
Timothy could hardly answer such was his distress. Tina had not lessened
  her vigorous probing of his bottom, instead she seemed to punctuate her words
  with even firmer thrusts of the large bulbous nozzle.  
"Oooohhhh&hellip; errr ooooohh yesssss&hellip;misssssss."  
His words ended with a hiss of anguish as Penny suddenly squeezed the bag,
  sending a fierce gush of water deep into his colon.  
"There&hellip; that is obviously having an effect, I'll just attach the second
  bag and fill you up and then you can evacuate into the toilet bowl." Penny
  smiled at the stricken boy as she closed off the large nozzle and detached
  the empty bag. The boy was left with the nozzle sticking out of his bottom
  like a large dildo. Gail and Susan smiled as they saw how his hips squirmed
  as Tina deliberately pushed and pulled the nozzle to demonstrate to the girls
  how firmly it was being held by the muscles of his sphincter. Penny casually
  attached an even larger bag of fluid to the stainless steel flange and began
  to squeeze the bag with a steady pressure.  
Gail could see the anguish on the young boys face as Tina casually took hold
  of his penis as well as his testicles and squeezed them firmly.  
For Timothy, the sensation of having his penis touched never lessened. He
  could feel every nuance of the incredible touch of her cool fingers as she
  wrapped them around the sensitive skin below the glans. The causal way that
  she teased the foreskin down the shaft, baring him completely, caused him untold
  embarrassment and sexual trauma. He could feel the fingers of her other hand
  deliberately envelop his scrotum and her grip tighten as she held him firmly.
  It humiliated him beyond belief that she could so casually control his every
  emotion, her cool expression appearing almost callous as she looked at his
  face.  
"Just a few more squeezes of the enema bag and we will let you go to the
  toilet&hellip; there.. how's that?" Penny need not have asked the question
  as she saw the boy writhe around with the sensation of the water filling his
  tummy.  
Timothy was in turmoil. The water seemed to have filled him completely. He
  could feel a firm and urgent pressure to expel as the nurses held him for a
  few minutes before putting their hands under his bottom and almost lifting
  him from the table. He felt the nozzle stretch his sphincter wide as it was
  deftly removed. A wad of dressing was quickly thrust between the cheeks of
  his bottom as the nurses helped him to a sitting position and then off the
  bed and on to the floor, helping him to walk almost bowlegged towards the lavatory
  bowl.  
He was blushing furiously as he looked at Gail and Susan who were standing
  in the middle of the room watching his every move. Their expressions gave no
  clue as to the thrill they were feeling at seeing him being so thoroughly and
  expertly humiliated at the hands of the young nurses. They stood relaxed, their
  expressions cool and appraising. The prim and elegantly cut skirts and blouses
  added to their authoritarian stature and distanced them in rank from the blushing
  and humiliated young boy.  
Timothy felt utterly awkward and foolish. He had no defence against the unending
  onslaught of degrading humiliation. One of the nurses held his arms to steady
  him, while the other firmly held the wad of dressing between the cheeks of
  his bottom. He was acutely aware of his erection as his penis bobbed to and
  from between his legs as he walked between the two young nurses. He could not
  help looking up as he passed Gail and Susan, to see whether they had noticed
  his erection swaying to and fro between his legs. His cheeks caught fire in
  a stomach wrenching wave of embarrassment, as he saw their raised eyebrows
  at his shameful plight. Their pretty faces seemed to have an amused and yet
  disdainful look, as if his erection was to be the expected behaviour from such
  a naughty child.  
The next twenty minutes seemed to engulf Timothy into a mire of such deep
  embarrassment and humiliation that he trembled and shook through the entire
  proceedings. His body was cocooned in a seemingly endless aura of shameful
  blushing.  
After he had embarrassingly voided the contents of his tummy into the toilet
  bowl, he was made to bend and touch his toes. A large syringe was deftly inserted
  between the cheeks of his bottom and then pushed further up until it slipped
  through his sphincter. The ensuing gush of water made him stand upright, as
  if an electric shock had been applied to his bottom.  
Again the nurses had sat him on the toilet and waited while he shamefully
  voided. His feeling of utter humiliation accumulated with each procedure, until
  he felt totally drained of any self respect. Such was his shame that he trembled
  and shook as they stood him in the large bath and bathed him. His embarrassment
  and shock was apparent to everyone, as his foreskin was deftly pulled back
  and his throbbing penis exposed fully.  
Shivering with shame, he was laid back upon the table while the nurses dried
  and powdered him, his legs being held high up in the air as extra talcum was
  applied deftly and summarily between the quivering cheeks of his bottom.  
When the nurses were entirely satisfied with his preparation, he was led
  briskly into the examination room and perfunctorily laid on the examination
  couch. He had moaned and groaned as both Tina and Penny hoisted his legs in
  to the stirrups so that his knees were bent backwards towards his chest. A
  folded towel was placed under the small of his back, further elevating his
  bottom from the surface of the examination table.  
"There that should make you nice and accessible when I come and pop my fingers
  up into your little bottom." Tina had said embarrassingly, as she deliberately
  patted his bottom, emphasising the absolute rude and open exposure of his young
  naked body.  
The girls had left him in this position and exited the room, leaving him
  to ponder his fate in a blinding fever of anguish and shame.  
*  
"The Chablis is from my mother's cellar&hellip; I hope you like it," Gail
  said as she finished handing the glasses to Susan and the two nurses."  
"I had noticed that everything that you have seems to be of the best," Tina
  said, her tone completely without malice or envy, as she took her glass. "I
  think our young boy in the next room would certainly fit in with the quality
  of your er&hellip; possessions quite nicely."  
Gail had to smile, realising that perhaps Tina had already guessed some of
  her intentions. Gail leaned back and sipped from her glass as Tina continued.  
"When I saw him at the school medicals, I couldn't take my eyes off him.
  He really is perfection isn't he&hellip; I have seen a lot of naked young boys&hellip; and
  fancied rather a lot of them, but I have never seen any boy that comes close
  to the physical perfection of Timothy." Tina was not the least embarrassed
  as Penny and Susan had looked at her quizzically as she had mentioned fancying
  some of the boys at their medicals.  
"Look I would never admit it at work, but I often deliberately embarrass
  a boy. I have made lots of them ejaculate when I have bathed them or shaved
  them. If I am working on my own I like to massage their prostates, some of
  them don't even know what's happening until suddenly they are spurting all
  over the place." She smiled at Gail. "I know one thing, I envy you having Timothy
  to play with&hellip; he's delicious." The girls could not help grinning as
  Tina sat back and made a funny face.  
Gail looked serious for a moment and then spoke. "I need to ask you something&hellip; er
  both Susan and I&hellip; er well, perhaps more&hellip;er&hellip; me actually,
  would like you to make him ejaculate only once. I would like him to have something
  left for when we put him to bed&hellip; If you don't mind?"  
Tina laughed and patted Gail's knee. "Think nothing of it, however you would
  be surprised how many more times, that young man in there is capable of ejaculating.  
His output is more than most mature men can manage. There is nothing physically
  wrong with him as such.... and eventually, when he becomes sexually active,
  he will just be someone who has a high sexual drive&hellip; lucky, lucky lady
  I say."  
The Girl's giggled in unison as Tina pulled another funny face and slipped
  her hand down on to her lap&hellip; "God I feel&hellip; erm&hellip; well you
  know." She raised her eyes to heaven as all the girls erupted into peels of
  laughter.  
Timothy's embarrassment knew no bounds as the girls walked into the examination
  room. His rude and widely spread position afforded him not one vestige of dignity.
  He almost jumped off the bed as Gail leaned over him and placed her hands on
  each of his nipples, her beautiful face coming close to his as she whispered
  to him.  
"There sweet boy, lay back and relax&hellip; nurse is going to milk your
  little penis&hellip; so try and be a brave little boy and not make a fuss.
  Now promise me you will be good and I will give you a little kiss while nurse
  pops her fingers into your bottom. Now relax the muscles in your bottom for
  me, so that she can slip right up inside you."  
Susan, who was standing at the head of the bed, leaned forward. Her soft
  breasts pressed against his forearms as she placed her hands upon his shoulders,
  effectively pinning him to the bed.  
Gail leaned forward too; she could feel the heat of his body as she pressed
  her soft breasts against his trembling flesh. Her fingers gently toyed with
  his nipples as she pressed her lips to his and forced her tongue into his mouth.
  She kissed him deeply as she raised one hand to signal to Tina.  
She could not resist the thrill that ran through her body as she felt the
  boy try to rear up as she realised that Tina had slipped her greased fingers
  up between the cheeks of his bottom. The young nurse's fingers urgently searched
  for the tightened muscles of his sensitive sphincter. She hesitated&hellip; savouring
  the moment before deftly pushing upwards, slipping her slender finger right
  up through his quivering orifice.  
Gail could feel the boy's entire body shiver with emotion as she thrust her
  tongue deep into his mouth. Her action stifled any cry of protest that the
  young boy might utter. She could feel his anguish as Penny deftly slipped the
  skin of his foreskin down to the very base of the shaft of his penis. Her fingers
  curled tightly around his timid flesh, before she started milking his throbbing
  member. Her strokes were fast and urgent as Tina located the plump mound of
  his prostate gland. Gail knew that she would soon have to let the boy take
  a breath. His young body trembled with emotion as his chest heaved upwards
  and his back arched in absolute torment.  
She drew back her head and watched as his mouth opened wide and he inhaled
  deeply. His eyes were wide open, deocussed in anguished sensation as the nurses
  quickly stimulated him to an almost unbearable frenzy of emotion.  
He looked at Gail, his eyes betraying every nuance of his utter humiliation
  as he gazed at her beautiful countenance. Her perfect beauty and cool appraisal
  of his distress, added to his feeling of degradation. Her small, perfectly
  formed mouth and beautiful large eyes betrayed nothing of the absolute thrill
  she felt as the boy groaned in utter torment. His young torso was heaving with
  emotion as he fought to control his senses.  
"Poor baby, never mind it will all be over soon&hellip; try and be a brave
  little boy, I am sure the nurse is being as gentle as she can." Gail looked
  around to see that, rather than being gentle, Penny was milking him with her
  right hand, his penis engulfed in a rapid and vigorous motion. The fingers
  of her other hand were wrapped around his scrotum, lifting and squeezing his
  testicles as Tina expertly slipped a second finger straight up into his bottom.
  Tina was already holding the test tube as she winked at Gail in a conspiring
  gesture, as if to tell her that the boy was already at the very edge of ejaculating.  
"Arrrrggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." The boy moaned in absolute distress
  as Gail moved her face closer to his.  
"There, the nurse is just going to make you ejaculate, try and do your best
  for me&hellip; I want a nice full test tube for the doctor. Now keep looking
  at me so that I can make sure you are doing your best&hellip; there&hellip; that's
  the way&hellip;let me have a nice big squirt&hellip; there that's the way."  
Gail's softly spoken words seemed to spur the boy on. His penis erupted with
  a violent ejaculation. Large globules of semen shot into the jar as Tina casually
  held it against the tip of his penis. Gail could see that she was jabbing rapidly
  between the widely spread cheeks of his bottom as he moaned and groaned his
  way through a deep and wracking orgasm. His chest was thrust upwards and his
  back was arching off the surface of the bed. He gulped and gasped for breath
  as the young nurses held him in the throes of agony and exctasy.  
"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; misssssssssssssssssssssss." To Gail's
  absolute delight, it was to her that he looked at as his penis erupted with
  eruption after eruption of thick semen into the waiting rest tube.  
She looked back quickly, watching in fascination as his penis continued to
  erupt in an endless and violent expression of thick, milky white globules of
  semen.  
She turned back to him and lowered her head to his. Her kiss was one of delicious
  emotion, as she trust her tongue deep into his throat, robbing him of his breath
  at the very point he needed it most.  
Her lips held him in the absolute throws of utter abandonment. Her instinctive
  knowledge of his dilemma thrilled her more than she could have possibly expected.  
Clinically and deftly the girls manipulated his body, agonisingly plundering
  his tender emotions to such an extent that he felt he would explode with the
  overwhelming sensation of it all.  
Gail suddenly released his lips, watching his young body heave and shudder
  as he drew precious air into his lungs. Her beautiful face seemed to mesmerise
  him as blackness surrounded his peripheral vision and for a moment he lost
  all control.  
The girls caressed him, smoothing their delicate fingers over his body as
  he struggled to regain control of his senses. He gasped as Tina's fingers were
  gently slipped from in-between his bottom cheeks and his testicles were squeezed
  firmly. He shuddered as Penny nonchalantly coaxed the last vestiges of semen
  from his rigid and throbbing member. He could feel the cool touch of her fingers
  as she slipped his foreskin upwards over the sensitive glans of his penis.
  She could feel every anguished tremor of his body as she casually went about
  her business.  
Timothy was lying on the couch watching the television. He was dressed in his
  chinos and Tee shirt. Although the programme was one of his favourites, he
  found it hard to concentrate on anything other than his latest humiliation.
  Thankfully he had been spared a second milking, but even that had been little
  comfort as the nurses had casually held his testicles up from between his thighs
  and asked both Susan and Gail to come and feel the size of them. 
�Well as long as his little penis does not become stiff again, I suppose one
  semen extraction will be enough for this evening.� Gail's words had shamed
  him in to turning his head to the side and closing his eyes as she had causally
  squeezed his scrotum. 
Gail had told him to lie quietly until he felt rested, then he could get dressed
  and they would take him back to his mother's cottage. Tina had brought him
  his clothes. She had laid them on his tummy as she released his legs from the
  stirrups. To Timothy's horror, she had taken hold of his penis and pulled the
  foreskin back, revealing the soft tissue beneath. 
�I bet this little fellow doesn't stay soft for very long.� She had squeezed
  the timid flesh before letting him go and kissing him gently on the cheek.
  Her amusement at his embarrassed expression made him blush profusely. She stood
  back and looked him straight in the eye. 
�See you next time Sweetie� She had chuckled as she left him in his haze of
  humiliation and confusion. 
Later, Gail and Susan had walked him over to his mother's cottage and told
  him to sit quietly and watch the television. The girls left him and made their
  way to the dining room. Although Timothy's mother did not entertain guests
  very often since the death of her husband, the dining room had always been
  kept in ready for an occasion, should it arise. 
The dark mahogany dining room table was surrounded by eight chairs; the formal
  positioning of the table was accented by the slightly darker furniture of the
  dressers and china cabinets which surrounded the walls. The two tall bookcases
  which stood at each of the opposing walls provided a quite formal ambience
  to the dining room. 
Gail and Susan laughed at each other as they arranged the dining chairs. They
  placed two of the chairs in an open area of the room and positioned the others
  so that four of the chairs were behind the table with one at each end. This
  arrangement left one side of the table free and facilitated the classic formal
  interview situation. Although in this case, the interviewee would have to stand.
  The crowning touch was the placing of a large Victorian footstool on the floor,
  directly in front of the table. 
The Girls stood back and admired their work. Mischievously, Susan stood on
  the stool and placed her hands upon her head, imitating their proposed positioning
  of Timothy. She placed her feet well apart on the broad wooden platform, realising
  that the stool would elevate the boy admirably for their purpose. 
Gail could not help laughing as she moved behind Susan and slipped her delicate
  fingers under her skirt. Susan shivered as Gail slid her hand up between her
  thighs and clasped her hand over the gossamer material that covered her prominent
  pubic mound. 
�Naughty Susan, I think I have just time to scratch that naughty itch of yours.� Susan
  shivered again as she felt Gail's gentle fingertips tease their way beneath
  the material and slide between the pliant puffy lips of her labia. Without
  warning Susan felt the scissor motion of Gail's fingers as they clasped the
  nub of her clitoris. Gail ignored the girl's moans as she quickly worked her
  fingers over Susan's sex. She could feel Susan's body shiver, a fine tremor
  running through her loins as she quickly worked her fingers knowingly between
  the girl's legs. 
Gail knew that Susan's climax was imminent. She would have admitted that,
  had it been the other way round, that it would have only taken a few minutes
  before she herself would have succumbed to the same kind of stimulus. Gail
  suddenly quickened the pace of her fingers, holding the girl tightly as she
  expertly stimulated her sex. Almost cruelly she scored her fingernails over
  the hardened nub of the girl's clitoris, until Susan gasped and bit her lip
  to stop herself from crying out. 
Gail did not lesson the pace of her fingers until she felt Susan's body almost
  collapse as she climaxed. Her knees felt week as Gail held her around the waist
  and benevolently slowed the pace of her fingers, suddenly caressing rather
  than fuelling her sexual desire. 
�Oh my God� oh Gail you are good� don't think that the compliment will not
  be returned. Oh my� can you imagine what Timothy must feel with all the stimulation
  we give him, no wonder the poor boy faints.� 
Gail looked at Susan. �You know Susan we are very lucky girls� I can't wait
  to get my hands on him again. I think afterwards I will certainly be accepting
  your offer.� 
Both Gail and Susan were in fits of giggles as Susan lowered her hands and
  cheekily caressed Gail's breast through the silky material of her blouse. �Come
  on let's go and get ready, I need to� er you know� er and I think the occasion
  calls for fresh makeup, don't you think?� Susan bright eyes and earnest expression
  made Gail laugh once more as she looked at her friend. 
�Oh just one minute�� Gail said, �What do you think of this, it's nice and
  soft, but with a nice satisfying slap. Gail fumbled around in the bag she had
  brought and found the suede slipper. She held it up and slapped it against
  the palm of her hand; the slap was loud and staccato. Susan looked at it, noting
  the thinness of the sole and the velvety softness of the leather. 
�That is ideal, I would imagine if you gave enough strokes it would smart,
  but not be at all severe. Gail that is perfect� slip it onto the seat of the
  chair and then you can show it to him at the appropriate time.� 
* 
It was thirty minutes later that Timothy looked up, his face suddenly turning
  pale as he looked and sensed that something was wrong. Their immaculate formal
  dress and the severe expressions on their faces suddenly put him ill at ease.
  He felt a shiver run through his body as Gail addressed him. 
�Well Timothy, because of your behaviour today we both need to have a word
  with you. Turn the television off and then go and brush your hair and clean
  your teeth, I would like you to make yourself a little more presentable. Then
  we both want to see you in the dining room, don't keep us waiting so� get to
  it.� 
Gail held up her hand before the boy could ask questions� or perhaps protest. 
�Off you go and we will see you in the dining room in five minutes.� 
Before the boy could utter a word, Gail and Susan had turned away and walked
  off towards the dining room. Timothy sat foolishly for a minute and then reluctantly
  got up and switched off the television set. He felt a gnawing dread in his
  stomach as he went upstairs. 
Hurriedly he brushed his teeth, feeling a growing fear as he caught sight
  of himself in the mirror. He realised that his face was flushed and could clearly
  see that his lips were trembling. He brushed his hair� and at the last minute
  took a new Tee shirt from the pile in the bathroom's airing cupboard. He changed
  and examined himself in the mirror before pushing his bare feet back into his
  training shoes. He turned quickly and opening the bathroom door, he exited
  the room. He realised that he was trembling quite profoundly as he descended
  the stairs towards the dining room. 
Although Timothy had always had the full use of the house, he could not remember
  ever having used the dining room. It was usually unheated and did not have
  the casual comfort of the rest of the cottage. Like all young teenagers, Timothy
  preferred the comfort of lounging on a settee or sofa rather than sitting formally.
  He tried to think why they would want to see him in his mother's dining room
  rather than the more comfortable areas of the house. 
As he walked towards the closed door oak door, he could feel his stomach churning
  with unease. He felt as if he had been summoned to the headmistresses study
  rather than to his own dining room. He stumbled rather than walked the last
  few paces. He stood at the door and wondered what to do next. He bent forward
  and undid the laces of his training shoes and took them off, leaving his feet
  bare. Subconsciously he had remembered that his mother had always asked him
  to remove his shoes before entering the dining room. The carpet had been laid
  some years ago and was an expensive item that his mother kept in pristine condition. 
He stood up straight and raised a trembling hand to the door. Taking a deep
  breath, he knocked on the solid oak wood; the gesture of knocking on his own
  dining room door seemed somehow incongruous - and yet he felt deep down that
  it was the right thing to do. 
Susan and Gail were seated in the two centre chairs behind the mahogany table.
  Their formal apparel and beautiful grooming gave them an air of authority and
  an appearance of maturity over and above their years. They sat upright in a
  carefully studied pose� their beauty and grace was such that even the most
  confident of male youths would have found their appearance to be humbling. 
Gail and Susan both turned to each other, grinning triumphantly, as they heard
  the timid knock upon the door. Earlier Gail had turned on the chandelier which
  hung from the middle of the ceiling. The bright lights of the ornately tiered
  arms illuminated the room very brightly, in contrast to the pretty wall lights
  that were normally used to light the room for dining. 
Gail waited for a moment, savouring the suspense, before whispering to Susan
  to call him into the room. Susan was surprised at how calm and authoritative
  her voice was as she called out clearly. �Please come.� 
The Girls quickly composed themselves, their expressions calm and serious
  as they watched the handle turn in the oak door. To their delight Timothy was
  trembling as he almost shuffled rather than walked into the room. The expressions
  on Gail's and Susan's faces were cool and nonchalantly appraising as Timothy
  stood in the doorway. 
�Please close the door behind you, will you Timothy and then come and stand
  in front of the table where we can see you properly.� 
The boy's nervousness was overtly apparent as he closed the door and turned
  back towards them. He blushed immediately as both of the girls watched him
  approach the table. Their delight was not apparent to their timid and apprehensive
  quarry. 
�Come closer to the table and stand up straight, shoulders back and hands
  at your sides� come along don't dawdle, we have some very serious words to
  say to you.� 
Gail's opening address caused the boy to blush a deep shade of red as he struggled
  with his emotions. Eventually he managed to step forward and stand straight
  with his hands pressed to either side of his thighs. He managed to look at
  the girls, but not without blushing furiously as they both eyed him calmly. 
Their appearance intimidated him to such an extent that he felt a tremor run
  through him. The beauty of both girls was amplified by their immaculate grooming
  and make-up� and yet their appearance was foreboding. He could not help noticing
  the fullness of their breasts as they leaned forward against the table-top,
  or the sharp outline of their nipples against the silky crisp-white cotton
  of their tailored shirts. The juxtaposition between their stunning beauty and
  the forbidding formality of the setting, had the young boy at sixes and sevens. 
He felt utterly foolish and humbled as he stood trembling before them, feeling
  like an errant schoolboy awaiting a severe admonishment. The girl's absolute
  authority was now unquestionable. He stood a few feet from the table and dropped
  his head, his embarrassment so acute that he was no longer able to look at
  them. 
Gail raised her head and spoke clearly, her beautifully cultured voice, articulate
  and concise. 
�You will see a footstool in front of you, please step up on to it and stand
  straight with your hands at your sides. When you have done so, please raise
  your head so that we can see your face. Come along now, we urgently need to
  have a very serious talk young man.� 
Her words caused another immediate and furious blush to suffuse the young
  boy's cheeks. He felt unable to compose even the simplest of replies� or any
  protestation. Humbly he shuffled forward and with trembling embarrassment stepped
  up on to the low wooden footstool. He felt his thighs press against the edge
  of the table as he stood up straight and timidly raised his head. 
It was Susan whom opened the proceedings. Looking him straight in the eye,
  she spoke softly and quietly. Her words were deliberately intended to instil
  upon the young boy, a further layer of humiliating guilt. 
�Timothy, you have behaved abominably today. With all the goodwill in the
  world I cannot countenance such behaviour from you. You have disobeyed instructions
  and protested at every opportunity.� Susan watched his face turn from bright
  red to an almost purple hue as her words were absorbed. His lips began to tremble
  and a tear formed in the corner of his eye as she continued. 
�In fact you have been a very silly little boy� and you have demonstrated
  your immaturity to everyone that has tried to help you. What do you have to
  say for yourself?� 
Such was the boy's utter shame that he could hardly articulate his words.
  The seriousness of the almost courtroom-style setting, allied to his humbling
  admonishment, made him feel utterly foolish and belittled. 
He drew in his breath and spoke, his voice cracked and trembling. 
�Oh please miss� I am so sorry.� A tear rolled down his burning cheek as stammered. �I
  promise miss� I will be good�� He started to cry as his voice trailed off into
  complete silence. 
Gail leaned forward. She could have reached out and touched him across the
  table if she had wanted. Instead she rebuked him sharply. 
�Pull yourself together Timothy and look at me.� The boy looked startled,
  suddenly stiffening his body and standing up straighter as Gail continued. 
I know you have made some improvement, but that does not mean that you should
  not be rebuked for your earlier behaviour. Now face forward and keep your head
  up and tell us both what you intend to do to rectify your behaviour. 
Timothy took a deep breath; the sharp rebuke had suddenly stifled his emotion.
  He looked at the two beautiful girls; his humiliation so utterly engulfed him
  that he felt foolish beyond belief. 
�I� er� I will do everything you say� er from now on miss. I promise� er truly
  I will.� 
�Well Timothy, I will take your word� if you mean what you say! We have been
  lenient with you in not referring today's behaviour to your cousin Hazel, but
  I warn you that this is the last time that I will ever allow such a thing.
  Now promise me again.� 
Timothy exhaled his breath slowly� he felt relief that somehow Gail had seemed
  to let him off the hook. 
�I promise miss that I will� er obey without question!� 
Gail squeezed Susan's knee under the table as she looked at Timothy. Her face
  softened and she spoke gently. 
�Alright Timothy� I will take your word. Now cheer up a little. I have finished
  scolding you. It is unfortunate that you have to have medical treatment, but
  there it is. So you must obey everyone from now on. I am not going to lecture
  you any further.� Gail looked at her watch. 
�It is getting late� so Susan and I will get you ready for bed and you can
  have a good night's sleep.� She watched Timothy intently, seeing the relief
  on his face before she delivered her �coup de grace'. Her voice was bright
  and pleasant, as if her pronouncement was nothing more than a mere formality. 
�Now we will just get you punishment over with as quickly as we can. Please
  bare your bottom for spanking.� 
Both Susan and Gail watched with delight as the boy's face fell. His look
  of astonishment and surprise was exquisite. He blushed again, this time his
  colour was so vivid that Gail thought he might have a fit. 
�But� er but�� 
Gail's voice was firm and sharp. �I thought we agreed that there would be
  no �buts'. You will do as you are told or your punishment will be prolonged
  and made much more severe. Now do as I have told you and bare your bottom for
  a sound spanking.� 
Timothy looked in horror at the two girls. His embarrassment and humiliation
  was so acute that he felt faint. Slowly and with trembling fingers his hands
  moved to his belt. He looked up at the two girls as if to ensure that he had
  heard correctly. Their faces betrayed not one iota of compassion or hope for
  him as he timidly loosened the buckle. 
The girls watched avidly, hiding their excitement as they watched him unzip
  his chinos and pull them down to his thighs. Gail's delight was almost palpable
  as she watched him hesitate and then reach behind him under his T shirt and
  slide the waistband of his boxer shorts down to the lower part of his buttocks.
  He remained completely covered in front by both the front of his boxers and
  by the length of his T shirt. 
Gail waited, biding her time, until at last the boy looked up at her. She
  made sure that she had his full attention, before turning to Susan. �There
  is a slipper on the chair beside you Susan. Would you be so kind as to start
  his punishment?� 
Timothy watched in horror as Susan lifted the slipper from the seat of the
  chair and brought the implement out into full view. He looked stunned as she
  got up and walked around the table to stand behind him. His attention was suddenly
  drawn back to Gail as she spoke to him. Her voice was sharp and businesslike
  as she held his gaze. �Hands on your head� come along no dawdling now!� 
Slowly and with utter dread Timothy placed his hands upon the top of his head.
  His body shook involuntarily as Susan placed the slipper upon the table in
  front of him and then placed her hands on his waist. Without preamble she reached
  under his shirt and slipped her hands into the waistband of his shorts, her
  delicate fingers causing the boy to shiver as she touched his skin. 
Casually she slid the garment down, pushing his chinos with it until both
  his trousers and shorts were around his ankles. Without a word, she lifted
  each foot and divested him of both his chinos and boxer shorts. Standing upright
  again, she watched him shiver uncontrollably as she stood to his side and placed
  the flat of her hand upon his bottom. She hesitated for a moment before gently
  pressing her other hand to the front of his thigh and slowly began sliding
  her palms upwards against his bare flesh. To his horror Timothy felt her hand
  brush right over his penis and testicles as she raised the front of his shirt.
  She continued the progress of both hands until she slipped the shirt up over
  his head. She raised it further until she could pass it over his arms. 
She stood on tiptoe pulled the shirt upwards in a quick jerking motion, causing
  his hands to leave his head for a moment as she stripped him completely. 
Gail watched with delight, once more admiring his perfectly proportioned body.
  His nakedness thrilled her, his penis and testicles just inches above the surface
  of the table were clearly reflected in the lustre of the wood. She examined
  him in minute detail, noticing that his plump testicles had been drawn up by
  the tightening of his scrotum as it reacted to the exposure of cool air. 
Gail noticed that he had shut his eyes in order to block out the embarrassment
  of being stripped naked. His feelings were not to be spared as Gail had no
  intention of letting him evade any part of their carefully planned chastisement. 
�Now Timothy, open your eyes and look at me. I want you to take your punishment
  with good grace.� She waited until she had the boy's full attention. His face
  was a picture of anguish and humiliation as he reluctantly met her gaze. He
  could feel the cool air on his genitals and felt utterly humiliated that he
  had been bared for Gail to inspect as she saw fit. 
�Now� Susan is going to start your punishment. I want you to remain with your
  hands upon your head and stand up straight. She is going to give your bottom
  a thorough slippering� I want you to remain standing and looking at me while
  she is punishing your bottom. Silly little boys that cannot behave themselves
  deserve to be soundly spanked. Now stand up straight and take your punishment.� 
Although his eyes were firmly fixed upon Gail, Timothy saw Susan take the
  slipper and move to his side. 
He could not help clenching his buttocks as Susan stroked the slipper over
  the perfect hillocks of flesh. He shivered in anguish as she placed the palm
  of her hand on his thigh, just below his testicles. He could feel the back
  of her hand brush his scrotum as the first stroke landed against his tightly
  clenched buttocks. 
�Slap� slappp� slapppp.� Susan began slippering him steadily and methodically,
  each stroke of the slipper, perfectly aimed and delivered upon the very centre
  of his bottom. 
The indignity of standing naked and being soundly spanked by a young girl
  only a few years older than himself, made Timothy feel absolutely foolish. 
The staccato slap of the slipper against his buttocks echoed throughout the
  room. For Gail, the sound added to the wonderful spectacle of the boy's punishment.
  She could see him flinch each time the slipper landed against his buttocks.
  She held his gaze, sometimes deliberately letting him see her eyes glance down
  at his genitals. She was deliberately letting him know that she was watching,
  as his penis and testicles shuddered and jiggled with the involuntary movement
  of his hips. 
Susan continued her firm application of the slipper upon his bottom. The flesh
  was already reddening; the centre section of his buttocks becoming inflamed
  as she diligently beat the boy. She could feel his testicles brushing against
  the back of her hand as she continued her steady tattoo upon his young buttocks.
  She had never known such delight as she enthusiastically performed her task
  upon his timid flesh. 
�Slapp, slapppp, slappp.� His torment was applied methodically and diligently.
  Gail could see that he was beginning to feel the sting of the slipper far more
  acutely as the leather sole continually beat upon the same area of his bottom
  cheeks. 
�Ohhh�. Pleeeease miss ser.. please.� 
He cried out as Susan suddenly increased the force of her strokes. The weight
  and suppleness of the sole made her task easier, each stroke producing a loud
  crack as she held his thigh firmly, thus increasing the intensity of her strokes. 
�Oh pleeeease�miss� er it er is hurting miss.� 
Timothy did not know to whom he was addressing his plea; his buttocks seemed
  to have become acutely sensitive as his slippering continued. His bottom felt
  as if it were burning. 
He began to wriggle his hips, his penis swaying wildly from side to side as
  he tried to evade his punishment. He had received a good fifty strokes before
  Gail looked up at him and raised her hand to Susan. The spanking stopped as
  Gail looked him in the eye. 
�I will not have you try and evade punishment in such a bombastic manner.
  You are here to be punished and as yet you have done nothing but behave like
  a silly little boy who is trying to avoid having his bottom spanked correctly.
  There is only one course of action open to me. You will have to be taken over
  the knee like the silly little boy that you are.� 
Gail did not wait for a reply from the blushing youth. She got up from her
  seat and moved around the table to one of the two chairs which had been placed
  in the centre of the room. She sat down and spoke to Susan. 
�Please bring him over here would you Susan.� 
Involuntarily Timothy turned his head to look over his shoulder. He blushed
  as he saw that Gail was seated on one of the chairs. He felt Susan's cool fingers
  suddenly encase his penis and turn him around by pulling on the sensitive flesh. 
�Come along Timothy, Gail would like you over her knees. I am afraid that
  if you won't take your punishment like a brave little boy, then you will have
  to be treated like a small child and have your bottom soundly spanked while
  bent over Miss Goodman's knee.� 
She let go of his penis and slapped his bottom. �Come along, if you don't
  do as you are told, I will have no alternative than to fetch the strap to you.� 
Timothy could not believe his ears� the very thought that Susan would actually
  use the strap on him! He could feel his eyes fill with tears of shame as she
  led him to the chair where Gail was seated. As soon as he was within reach,
  Gail reached around his waist and made him bend over. He was aware of a sudden
  flash of her beautiful thighs as she brushed her skirt upwards out of the way
  and at the same time reached underneath him. Her slender fingers closed around
  his penis and testicles as she positioned them so that his genitals would slide
  down between her legs. 
Timothy felt the weight of his body fall over her lap. He supported his weight
  on his hands as his upper-body was dispensed with. Ignominiously his head hung
  down towards the floor as he felt her hand slide around his waist and hold
  him tightly. He could feel the firm flesh of her thighs, press tightly against
  his penis and testicles as she prepared him for punishment. 
His ears were ringing with shame as she spoke to him. The utter embarrassment
  of his position made her words even more shaming. 
�Fancy having to be taken over my lap and having to have your bottom spanked.
  Don't you feel utterly ashamed of yourself? It seems Timothy that you did not
  heed any of my words� and so you will have to learn the hard way!� 
Timothy was utterly shamed as Gail placed the palm of her hand upon his reddened
  buttocks. Leisurely she stroked over the firm flesh letting her fingers trail
  between the deep crease of his bottom and then down between his legs. �Now
  relax your bottom I want unhindered access.� She let her hand continue to trail
  downwards, her fingertips brushing sensuously over the sensitive skin of his
  bulging scrotum. �Come along now relax your muscles or I will have Susan hold
  you open.� 
Susan looked at the naked boy. She could see that his face was red to the
  extreme as Gail continued to tease his flesh. 
Gail felt his buttocks begin to relax, twitching occasionally as her fingers
  prompted an involuntary response from him. �Now keep them relaxed while I spank
  you soundly. I am going to treat you like the naughty child you are and spank
  your bare bottom with my hand. Afterwards I am going to give you a good slippering.
  Are you going to behave� or am I going to have to add several strokes of the
  strap?� 
Timothy was in turmoil as he felt her hand stroke over his bottom. He could
  feel his penis throb as her thighs held his penis and testicles captive. 
Her words shamed him into complete submission as he stammered. �Oh please
  miss, I am sorry I really promise to be good.� His shame was completed when
  Susan knelt down and sat back on her heels, taking his head in her hands and
  supporting it on her thighs. 
Her voice was soft and low, but her words shamed him beyond belief. 
�Now be a good boy and take your punishment. Fancy having to be taken over
  the head girl's lap and have your bare bottom spanked like a child. Don't you
  feel absolutely ashamed of yourself?� He felt Susan's soft hands stroke against
  both cheeks of his face as she held his head down. 
Her words had underlined his absolute shame and anguish. 
Gail spoke to him once more. �Now keep still while you are being given your
  punishment!� He felt her remove her hand from his buttocks and almost immediately
  the sharp sting over the very centre of the crease as she began his spanking. 
Gail was almost delirious with excitement as she watched the cheeks of his
  young bottom shudder and quiver as she brought her hand down. She could clearly
  see the imprint of her palm upon his flesh as she raised her arm and proceeded
  to deliver slap after slap on to the quivering flesh. Even though she knew
  that her spanks were hurting him, she could feel that his penis was throbbing
  quite dramatically. She realized that the burgeoning flesh was quickly thickening
  into a full erection. She squeezed her thighs together to confirm that indeed,
  not only was the young boy erect, but that his penis was throbbing uncontrollably.
  To distance herself from the intimate contact she admonished him as she continued
  spanking him soundly. 
�Smackkk� smackkkk� smackkk.� 
�What a naughty little boy you have been. Don't you feel any shame all� having
  your bare bottom spanked. What would the girls at school think if they could
  see you now?� 
Susan felt his head shake in a miserable manifestation of shame and dismay
  at her friend's words. He gasped and moaned in response to both his verbal
  humiliation - and to the utter torment of the continuous and thorough spanking
  his bottom was receiving. 
He looked through his tears at the bared flesh of Susan's thighs as she gently
  stroked her hands over the burning cheeks of his face. He could not have articulated
  how utterly humiliated and ashamed he felt. The very thought that he was being
  spanked like a child with his head hanging down and his bottom raised in the
  air� and all at the hands of the two prettiest girls in his school! 
�Oh peease stop miss� er I'm sooo sorry. Please miss nooo more� 
Timothy's voice was trembling, his bottom feeling as if it was on fire. He
  was shamefully aware of the throbbing of his penis as Gail's firm hand continued
  to spank his bare buttocks. 
Susan continued to stroke his face, her soft hands brushing away his tears
  as she held his head gently. She lifted her hand and stroked the palm over
  his shoulders. �There, there� you have to be punished� little boys have to
  have their bottoms spanked when they are naughty� try and be a brave boy.� 
Susan's words, although ostensibly comforting, were really designed to humiliate
  the boy even further. Neither girl could have articulated why they felt such
  a thrill in punishing and humiliating the boy, but the sexual excitement they
  both felt was very real. 
Gail felt a sudden thrill run through her body as she continued the methodical
  spanking of Timothy's bottom. The sensation was so overwhelming that she squeezed
  her legs together in a paroxysm of delight. She felt an answering but involuntary
  throb from the boy, as the smooth flesh of her thighs stimulated his smoothly
  shaven penis and testicles. 
�Smack� smack� smack� smack.� 
Although the palm of her hand was stinging from the constant smacking of his
  bottom cheeks, she did not feel the pain unduly. She realised that the flesh
  of her hand was far more resilient than the virgin flesh of his young bottom.
  She sensed that the boy was coming to the end of his tether as he tried to
  raise his head. He arched his back and lifted one hand from the floor to try
  and reach behind him to assuage the onslaught to his bottom. 
�Smack� smack� smack� smack.� 
Tears were rolling down his cheeks and his voice was cracked as he tried to
  articulate his words. �Oh pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeease missss. Please er� nooo more�arggghhh� ooooOOOOHHH� please�� 
He had begun to moan and plead constantly, as his buttocks were flattened
  against the palm of her hand at each point of impact. Gail delighted in changing
  the pattern of her spanking by bringing the palm of her hand smartly up against
  the underside of his bottom. The already reddened flesh seemed to quake as
  each sharp slap contacted with his quivering buttocks. 
�Smack� smack� smack� smack.� 
�What a naughty boy you are, I hope you are learning your lesson well. Are
  you going to promise that you will obey me without question� or would you like
  me to continue smacking your bare bottom? Smack� smack� smack� smack. 
I would have thought that you would feel ashamed of being spanked� look at
  you� crying and wriggling like a little child.� 
�oooooHHHHooo� arggghhhhh� please, please� oh please miss noooo more, I can't
  stand it misss� oooooohhhhhh.� 
Susan could feel the wetness of his tears as she brushed his cheeks, gently
  goading him with softly spoken words. �Be a good boy and raise your bottom
  for your punishment� so that Gail can spank you properly, you mustn't be a
  naughty boy and try and evade your punishment� it is for your own good.� 
She was delighted as the boy shuddered in absolute shame at her words. She
  watched as time after time Gail's hand landed on his quivering buttocks. The
  sharp staccato sound seemed to add to the thrill she felt as the boy was soundly
  and thoroughly spanked. 
�Smack� smack� smack� smack.� 
Timothy could not believe the pain and torment he felt, his anguish was such
  that he felt delirious with shame and humiliation. 
�Arghhhhh� I promise miss� I really promise. Pleeease misss nooooooooo more.� 
Gail knew that it was time to stop. Instead of smacking him, she thrust her
  hand in-between the cheeks of his bottom, just below the juncture of his buttock
  and thigh. Quickly she insinuated her fingers between her own thigh and the
  boy's testicles, until she could grasp the swollen orbs within her hand. She
  could feel the stiff and swollen shaft of the perineum area as she enveloped
  his scrotum. She held him firmly as she spoke. 
�Now young man� I hope that has taught you a lesson. What a silly little boy
  you have been� are you going to promise us that you will obey our instructions
  from now on� or are you going to have to be spanked again?� 
�Oh please miss� I promise, I will never disobey you again.� 
�Well I am going to imprint that notion in your head. I am going to give you
  a further six sound strokes with the slipper. Before you try and plead with
  me, I must warn you that if you protest I will double the number of strokes.� 
Timothy moaned and shivered in dread as he felt Susan reach up and offer the
  slipper to Gail. At the same time he felt Gail squeeze his testicles before
  withdrawing her hand from between the cheeks of his bottom. 
�Susan dear� would you reach underneath him for me� and persuade him to raise
  his bottom into a proper position for punishment?� Gail's voice was quite matter
  of fact and yet Susan had to stifle an urge to snicker as she realised what
  Gail meant her to do. She reached between her friends knees, cheekily caressing
  the inside of her thighs as she quickly located the boy's erect penis. Timothy
  nearly jumped out of his skin as Susan pushed the foreskin up, revealing the
  sensitive rim of the glans underneath. Immediately, Timothy raised his bottom
  in protest, jerking his hips as the girl's fingers impudently pinched the tip
  of his penis. 
Slappppp�slapppppp� slappppp� slapppp� slapppp� slapppppppp!� 
�Arggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh�. Argggggggggghhhhhhh� oooohhhhhhhhh. The boy's response
  was immediate. He cried out in utter torment as Gail delivered the six strokes
  in rapid succession. The flesh quivering and shuddering as an enveloping wave
  of excruciating pain seared through his buttocks. 
�Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�. Arggggggghhhhhhh,� he wailed as the fire in his flesh
  seemed to build into an ever increasing burden of torment and misery. 
Gail's voice was calm and scathing, belying the absolute thrill she felt as
  she looked at the boy's beautiful naked body, writhing and shivering upon her
  knees. 
�Pull yourself together young man, you have only yourself to blame for your
  punishment.� Her words shamed him as he struggled with the pain in his buttocks.
  He felt her hand casually delve between the cheeks of his bottom and her fingers
  wrap around his testicles. At the same time he felt his foreskin being pushed
  further up the shaft and then pumped up and down in a rapid motion. He felt
  his penis throb vigorously in response. Susan felt the throb and immediately
  withdrew her hand. She looked up at Gail and grinned as the boy shuddered in
  torment. 
�Let's get you off my knee and standing on your own two feet� shall we?� 
Gail spoke to the boy as if her had been merely sitting on her knee, rather
  than having had his bare bottom soundly spanked with both hand and slipper. 
Susan quickly let go of the boy's head and stood up. She took him by the shoulders,
  grinning at Gail as she saw that her hand was holding him firmly by the testicles. 
Both girls manoeuvred the boy until he was standing upright. Gail smiled to
  herself as she saw him quickly clasp both hands to his genitals and cover his
  erection, his face flushing to an incredibly deep shade of red as he did so. 
Gail quickly brushed her skirt back over her thighs and sat primly, her pretty
  knees placed modestly together. Susan stood behind the boy and looked over
  his shoulder at Gail. 
Timothy shuddered as he looked at Gail's pretty face. Her expression was serious
  as she looked up at him. The tears were still running down his cheeks and his
  bottom was on fire. He would have loved to rub the smarting flesh, but such
  was his shame that he dare not uncover himself. 
Suddenly Susan smacked him hard on the cheeks of his bottom. �Smackkkk� now
  get those hands on your head this instance. My word!! You know that you are
  not allowed to play with your genitals. Now get those hands on top of your
  head. Smack� smackkk� smackkkkk.� 
Her words were punctuated with a serious of sharp slaps to the very centre
  of his sore buttocks. She could clearly see his body shudder as he reluctantly
  uncovered himself and raised his hands to his head. He could not help looking
  down as his erection sprang forward, causing him to blush profusely as Gail
  looked directly at his penis and testicles. 
�Now what is this�?� She raised her hand and tapped the rigid flesh of his
  penis, watching it sway to and fro as it stood out from his body. 
�Have you seen this Susan?� Gail asked, as she pointed to the boy's genitalia. �His
  penis is erect! I would have thought that the nurses had milked him sufficiently
  for one day. Would you slip you hands between his legs and feel his testicles
  for me, they look as if they are swollen again.� 
Susan was pleased that the boy could not see her face as she grinned at Gail,
  almost causing her to lose her serious expression. Susan leaned against him
  and placed her hand sensuously around his waist and held the palm flat against
  the lower part of his tummy. Deliberately she brushed her cheek against his
  ear as she whispered to him. �Open your legs nice and wide and push your little
  bare bottom back towards me. I am going to slip my fingers between your legs
  and feel your testicles. I promise I will be very gentle with your little plums.� 
Gail nearly burst out laughing as she caught the words that Susan had whispered
  in his ear. She could see that the boy was trembling with emotion as he shuffled
  his legs apart. 
To Gail's delight she noted that the boy did not have to be told to spread
  them wider. He adopted a stance that had his legs spread over a metre apart.
  Perhaps he has learned his lesson she thought, as she watched him close his
  eyes in shame and steel his body for the next indignity. 
Susan bent her knees, causing her hand to slip down his tummy until her little
  finger was resting against the shaft of his penis. Her intimate handling of
  the boy did not stop there, as she placed her other hand on his burning buttocks. 
�My, my� your little bottom is burning hot. No wonder you were crying like
  a baby. Now push your bottom back so that I can slip my hand between your legs.� She
  gently probed in-between the cheeks of his bottom, before sliding her hand
  down and through his legs. Deliberately she let her fingers caress his flesh,
  stimulating his senses with delicate probing and soft touches. She nonchalantly
  scraped her finger nails over the underside of his penis before cupping his
  scrotum in the palm of her hand. 
She closed her fingers over the sensitive scrotal sac and grasped the soft
  orbs firmly in her hand. 
The boy shuddered as he felt the firm encasement of his testicles. He expelled
  air in an anguished breath as she moved the testicles to and fro within his
  scrotum. 
�Poor baby, they are really swollen again aren't they.� She squeezed the sac
  gently, before letting him go. She stood upright her hand trailing over his
  buttocks to feel the heat of the flesh. 
Timothy felt utterly ridiculous as he stood with his legs apart, blushing
  with the indignity of having had his testicles held firmly and inspected as
  if he were a prize animal. 
Timothy was in utter turmoil. He could never have contemplated such gross
  embarrassment and humiliation. Never in his young life had he felt so utterly
  degraded and humiliated. 
The beauty of both Susan and Gail unnerved him so much that each time he looked
  at either of them he felt an ache in his tummy. The absolute shame of the girls
  seeing him naked, allied with the utter torment of being spanked by Susan and
  then taken over Gail's knee was overwhelming. 
The very girls that he would like to have impressed as an equal had shamed
  him beyond belief. Even just the �thought' of being held naked over Gail's
  knee while he was being spanked like a child, was too embarrassing to contemplate.
  He tried to shut every humiliating scenario out of his mind� how could he ever
  hold his head up again? 
Now he had to stand in the most humiliating of positions while the girls discussed
  him as if his feelings were of no consequence. 
Susan moved around him to stand beside Gail. Both girls looked immaculate
  and demure in their skirts and blouses. Gail's face showed no sign of her physical
  effort in punishing the boy's bottom so severely. 
Susan spoke; her tone was light and casual, as if whatever embarrassing treatment
  they would enact upon the boy was of little importance to them. 
�I am afraid that they will have to be emptied, don't you think Gail?� 
Gail looked up at Susan and answered� her voice serious and matter of fact. �Yes
  of course, but first I think he can do his corner-time and reflect upon his
  naughty behaviour. Little boys should always be made to stand with their little
  bottoms bare and reddened while they think about their silly behaviour� 
She raised her head to the boy. �Look at me Timothy.� She waited until the
  boy shamefully met her gaze, shivering uncontrollably as he looked into her
  eyes. His face betrayed every nuance of his total and utter shame and embarrassment
  as she appraised him coolly. Her beautifully modulated voice caused him further
  anguish as she spoke. 
�You can remain in the same posture as you are now. We will leave you to reflect
  upon your punishment. If I catch you touching your penis I will be forced to
  bend you over and use the strap upon your bottom. It is unfortunate that I
  let the nurses go without milking you for a second time. It seems that Susan
  and I will have to attend to you ourselves.� She noted the look of pure horror
  on the boy's face as she continued. 
�We are going to go and get changed into something more suitable and then
  we will come back attend to the obvious swelling of your testicles. To remind
  you of what you must do, I am going to ask Susan to give you six strokes of
  the slipper.� She watched the startled expression upon his face as she stood
  upright and stepped forward, immediately feeling his erect penis press against
  her body as she took his face in her hands. His face was only inches from hers
  as she spoke softly and gently to him. 
�This is for your own good� I want you to thank me after each stroke. Will
  you do that for me Timothy?� Gail could see that his mind was in turmoil� whether
  to plead and protest� or to acquiesce to further pain and humiliation. The
  closeness of her beauty seemed to mesmerise him and suddenly� as if letting
  every vestige of self respect leave him, he looked into her eyes with an overwhelming
  manifestation of love and supplication. So open and submissive to her will� so
  devoid of any guile� that she shivered in a delicious paroxysm of pleasure.
  She felt the rapture of his sweet breath against her cheek and a thrill of
  victory course through her body like a forest fire. 
She was aware that Susan was now standing behind him with the slipper in her
  hand. Without taking her eyes off the boy's face, she moved her hips, feeling
  her dress brush against the very tip of his penis. She saw his eyes flinch
  as his senses were further aroused. She moved again, firmly brushing her skirt
  against the sensitive opening of his erect penis. She could feel him shudder
  with sensation as she whispered to him. 
�Be a brave boy and take your punishment. I want you to arch your back and
  push your bottom out. Do you think you can do that for me Timothy?� 
She could see that the boy's mind was in turmoil at being asked to help in
  his own chastisement. Gail held his face firmly as she looked him in the eye. �Do
  try and be a brave little boy.� She took her hands away from his cheeks and
  cupped the fingers of one hand under his chin, keeping his head turned upwards
  to look in her eyes. 
�Now I want you to keep your head turned towards me� do not try and look away� do
  you understand?� 
Gail delighted in his expression. His face betrayed his feeling of embarrassment
  and apprehension perfectly. She took her hands from his face and placed the
  flat of each palm against his nipples before running her fingernails lightly
  over the soft nubs of flesh. He almost gasped with the sensation, his eyes
  flinching as she aroused the skin, feeling the puckered points tighten as she
  toyed with them. She held his eye as she let her hands deliberately slide down
  over his tummy, signposting his further humiliation and her mastery of his
  young body. With one hand she quickly grasped his penis and pushed the foreskin
  back, at the same time she slid her other hand lower and firmly encased his
  bulging scrotum within her delicate fingers. 
She could see the anguish in his face as she spoke quickly and quietly. 
�I am afraid Susan that I will have to ask that you use all your strength
  with the slipper. Would you please give Timothy the first stroke� I want it
  placed exactly on the centre of his buttocks.� 
Gail looked deep into his eyes as she pinched his foreskin between finger
  and thumb. The soft skin folded over the tip of his penis causing him to jerk
  his hips backwards just as the slipper landed firmly on the very centre of
  his buttocks. 
�ssssssssssssSSSSSS.� Timothy hissed with pain as Gail looked into his face.
  Her delight heightened by his pleading expression. Her voice was calm and her
  tone caring as she spoke softly to him. 
�Now Timothy, don't forget to thank me. I am having your bottom spanked for
  your own good. It is not something that I want to do, but it is my duty to
  help you to remember to be a good little boy.� 
His expression delighted Gail. She could see that her beauty and her authoritarian
  manner had the young boy firmly under her control. 
�Ooooh� misss� thank you miss.� 
No sooner had he uttered the words than he felt his foreskin being jerked
  rapidly down the shaft of his penis. The sudden intimate and yet nonchalant
  handling of his most private parts made him jerk his bottom backwards. It was
  at that moment that the second stroke of the leather slipper smacked sharply
  against the centre of the cheeks of his bottom. 
�Slapppppp.� 
He looked at Gail, his eyes apprehensive and pleading as his buttocks absorbed
  the sting of the stroke. He felt his testicles being squeezed firmly and his
  foreskin being pulled forward over the head of his penis as he hissed in anguish. 
�Sssss� oh�oooohhhh�th..thank you misssss.� 
Gail did not acknowledge his thanks as she pushed his foreskin back again
  and scored the nail of her thumb over the sensitive opening of his urethra,
  causing him, once more to jerk his hip backwards with the acute sensation being
  applied to the very tip of his erect member. 
�Slappppppp.� 
�Arggghhhhh�� He moaned as again the slipper bit smartly into the cheeks of
  his bottom. 
Gail could see Susan calmly stand back and ready herself to apply the next
  stroke as the young boy shivered with pain and embarrassment. 
Timothy's words were almost incoherent as Gail casually skinned back his foreskin
  and let her fingernails rub against the sensitive rim of the glans of his penis.
  Again she squeezed his scrotum, feeling the soft orbs of flesh move within
  the sac as the boy jerked his hips backwards, trying in vain to escape the
  acute stimulation to his genitals. 
�Number four please Susan and in the same place if you can manage it for me.� Gail
  watched the boy's face flinch with anticipation as Susan calmly delivered the
  stroke exactly over the top of the last one. 
�Slapppppppp.� 
Susan could see that his buttocks were quivering from the infernal sting of
  the leather slipper. She felt a thrill run through her body as she observed
  his young body shiver. 
Timothy's emotions were in turmoil. He looked into the beautiful face of his
  tormentress. He felt utterly ashamed and humiliated, his naked body shivered
  as Gail looked at him with an enquiring eye. He felt her delicate fingers squeeze
  his testicles and penis as if to prompt him for a response. 
�Oh� please er miss er.. I mean ,,,er thank you miss.� 
He managed to stammer before he felt his foreskin being pushed back until
  the skin was stretched tight. He could feel his cheeks flush in shame as he
  was fully exposed. He could not believe how casually she handled his most private
  parts, he felt utterly ashamed as the fifth stroke was delivered firmly upon
  his bottom. 
�Slapppppp.� 
He yelped in pain as Gail nonchalantly took her hand from his testicles and
  grasped the shaft of his penis, deliberately she stretched out her other hand,
  ready to rub the flattened palm over the very tip of his penis. She was well
  aware that the sensation would be almost unbearable for the young boy. 
�Ooooooohhhhh� argggghhhh.� He cried as Gail again looked at him with a raised
  eyebrow. 
�Haven't you forgotten something Timothy?� She slowly rubbed the flattened
  palm just once over the sensitive opening of his erect penis. His anguish was
  written all over his face as he mumbled his reply, his hips jerking with the
  acute sensation of her hand. 
�Ooooohhh� misss�. arrggghhh� er.. th� thank you.� 
He had hardly managed to utter the words when he felt the incredible sensation
  of her palm firmly rubbing the tip of his penis, the motion so firm and rapid
  that he nearly jumped out of his skin. The sensation was acute, so intense,
  that he jerked his hips violently, his bottom jutting backwards to such an
  extent that Gail almost lost her grip as the boy tried to escape her expert
  stimulation to his most sensitive flesh. 
�Arggggghhhhhhhhhhh�. arrrrggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� 
He cried in anguish as Susan coolly delivered the sixth stroke. She could
  see the boy's body stiffen and then shiver uncontrollably as Gail reached forward
  to retain her grip of his genitals. 
To Timothy's shame and anguish, his slippering made him wail with utter abandonment.
  The accumulation of the six strokes, carried out with such apparent nonchalance,
  had broken his spirit. He cried as a child would cry, his tearful eyes looking
  at Gail pleadingly, as she held his genitals in a firm grip. 
Her words caused him further shame as she addressed Susan. 
�Thank you Susan! Little boys have to learn to do as they are told. It is
  unfortunate that this little boy seems to have some way to go before he learns
  his lesson. Now stand up straight Timothy while Susan has a look at what naughty
  little boys look like when they have had their naughty bottoms spanked.� 
Timothy stood in utter shame, his hands firmly upon the top of his head and
  his legs spread as Gail let go of him and stood back to look at him. He shivered
  and shook, the tears pouring down his face, as he shamefully looked at Susan
  as she came to stand in front of him. He trembled as she took his erect penis
  in the palm of her small delicate hand and squeezed the throbbing member. He
  gasped as she causally exposed him, sliding the foreskin of his penis back
  until the skin was stretched tight. 
�You have been a very silly and naughty little boy Timothy. I hope from now
  that you will learn to do as you are told.� The shame of her words caused him
  to blush profusely, the blood rushing to his head and chest, as he stood before
  the two girls feeling utterly naked and humiliated. 
It was Gail that spoke next. �We are going to leave you. You are to stay as
  you are for forty minutes. You can tell the time from the clock on the wall.
  When your time is up, you may get dressed. When you are dressed I want you
  to go to the bathroom and wait for me there. Do you understand me?� 
Timothy was utterly shamed as he stammered his reply�. �Er yes miss.� 
In that case it only remains for you to thank Susan for slippering your bottom
  and to apologise to her for your behaviour. 
Again Timothy blushed as he looked at Susan. He could not have believed that
  just a few days ago, she was the pretty girl next door that he had tried to
  impress with his mature attitude and helpfulness. 
Now he stood ashamed and naked! He could hardly countenance the utter indignity
  of being asked to thank her for slippering his bare bottom, while she stood
  coolly and calmly in front of him� holding his penis as if it was the most
  natural thing in the world. 
He blushed furiously as he stammered a reply, the tears rolling down his cheeks
  as he looked at her pretty face. 
�Oh pleeeeease miss. I am soooo sorry misss.� 
Susan looked at him appraisingly as uttered his apology. Her eyes failed to
  conceal a hint of amusement at his abject plight. She tapped his penis, her
  fingertips slapping against the underside of his penis in a derisory gesture.
  She looked at him realising that her authority over him was absolute. She took
  her hand away from his genitals and brushed the backs of her fingers against
  his burning cheek. She looked at him curiously as she stepped backwards to
  stand beside Gail. She addressed as if she were a school mistress and he, a
  recalcitrant child. Her voice was firm and authoritative. 
�I am pleased that you seem contrite Timothy. I hope we have no further nonsense
  from you, when I have to wash your little penis and testicles and pop my finger
  up into your naughty bottom. You have been a very silly little boy� you can
  just be thankful that it was Gail and I that have to deal with your naughtiness.
  I am sure that Hazel would have been far more severe with you.� 
Timothy's shame was beyond anything he had ever known as the two girls looked
  at him. He shivered as he stood naked with his hands on his head and his erect
  penis jutting forward from between his parted legs as both Susan and Gail examined
  his young body from head to toe. 
He shivered and shook as he watched them turn and leave the room, his vision
  of them blurred through the flood of tears that suddenly welled up into his
  eyes. 
* 
&nbsp; 
Gail and Susan had showered together in Susan's bathroom. Afterwards, they
  sat side by side at the dressing table, their naked bodies touching as they
  vied for a view in the mirror to carefully re-apply their makeup. Susan still
  felt the tingle between her thighs where Gail had cheekily slipped her hand
  and lathered the plump shaven mound of her sex during their shower. 
�We will have to hurry, but I do want us to look devastatingly beautiful for
  the next part of our rather scrumptious evening's entertainment.� Gail pouted
  her lips in the mirror as she saw Susan burst into fits of giggles at her remark. 
Susan stood up and picked up one of the two white tunic style coats that she
  had borrowed from her mother's nursing wardrobe. �I still think those white
  coats are too much� I mean without wearing anything underneath. You can see
  through them and even with the plastic aprons, the boy is going to be able
  to tell that we are not actually wearing anything underneath.� 
�Rubbish darling,� drawled Gail. �He is going to be far to embarrassed to
  notice anything. The plastic aprons will cover our nipples, but I am certainly
  going to leave a little cleavage on show.� 
Susan could not help laughing as she donned the white coat. She pulled the
  belted waist tight and admired herself in the long mirror of the wardrobe.
  She was surprised at the sexy apparition that gazed back at her from the long
  mirror. The short tunic hugged her naked body with the hem well above her pretty
  knees. Mischievously she undid the bottom four buttons and posed with her left
  leg forward. Her tanned thigh slipped through the opening revealing the smooth
  skin almost to the top of her leg. She undid the top two buttons and leaned
  forward in a pastiche of a movie star pose, laughing out loud as she observed
  the sexy image that she had created. Gail turned towards her and carefully
  examined the way the coat clung to Susan's body. 
�You may laugh Susan� but that is exactly the look I had in mind. I think
  if you slip on the apron and tie it tightly around your waist you will have
  the boy's eyes popping out of his head. Can you imagine how unnerving that
  is going to make him feel. Think of it, you will be firm and serious and yet
  your beauty will have him reeling with embarrassment.� 
As Susan put on the clear plastic apron and tied it around her waist, she
  stood casually with her feet spread apart and her hand upon her hip. The image
  in the mirror confirmed Gail's prophecy. She did indeed looking beautiful,
  but at the same time cool and clinical� an obviously daunting vision for a
  young boy. 
Gail looked at her, her expression quite serious and studied. �Can you imagine
  how he will feel, with you looking like that and telling him to strip naked
  in front of you?� 
Susan nodded sagely. She knew just how sensitive and awkward Timothy could
  feel. She carefully examined every inch of herself as she raised her chin and
  looked enquiringly into the mirror. She could not help the lightening thrill
  that coursed through her body as she suddenly realised just how traumatic an
  impact it would be for a naked young boy to be handled and inspected by herself
  and Gail. 
Gail and Susan felt cool and fresh as they carried the two large bags across
  the Garden path from Susan's house. Their matching outfits of white Nylon coats
  and clear plastic aprons rustled as they walked purposefully towards Timothy's
  mother's house. They still had ten minutes to spare as they climbed the stairs
  and entered the bathroom. They had both looked at the closed door of the dining
  room as they had entered the house, but had decided not to check on the boy.
  They knew that he would be keen to get dressed before obeying their instructions
  and coming up to the bathroom. Gail was particularly keen that the boy should
  not see them until they had prepared the bathroom and were relaxed and ready
to greet him. 
Carefully and without hurry, Gail ran half a bath-full of warm water, making
  sure that the water was only just above body temperature. Susan had laid several
  towels upon the stout table and had placed two large fleet enema bags on to
  the surface of the dressing table. She unpacked the rest of the towels as well
  as the lubricants, test-tubes and powders they had brought with them, before
  discarding the two plastic carrier bags into the waste bin. 
�Will he need another enema Gail? These seem quite large in volume, although
  the nozzle seems a lot smaller than the one the nurses use.� 
Gail laughed. �No he won't actually need one, but he is certainly going to
  be given one. I know the pipes are smaller in diameter, but I shall still lubricate
  him well with my finger. I can't explain why, but I get such satisfaction from
  penetrating his bottom, but it just thrills me, especially when he squirms
  with embarrassment.� 
�I know,� Susan smiled. �I feel just the same way. I just love the situation
  where he has to acquiesce to whatever we wish to do to him, however embarrassed
  and humiliated it makes him feel.� 
Susan looked at Gail, examining her from head to toe. She realised that their
  appearance would certainly put Timothy into an absolutely humiliating cocoon
  of shame the moment he saw them. Gail had brushed her hair back from her face,
  which accented the refined features of her beautiful face. She had also undone
  the top buttons of her tunic. The cleavage of her young breasts dipped under
  the top of her apron and yet the swell of firm flesh was still tantalizingly
  visible through the clear plastic material. The tunic finished well above her
  knees and Gail, like Susan, had left the bottom buttons undone. As she stood
  with her legs apart she revealed the smooth lightly tanned flesh of her thighs. 
Both girls checked the bathroom for detail. Gail suddenly moved to the pile
  of towels they had brought with them, feeling between the folds of white fluffy
  material and suddenly pulling out the tapered diaper. �I think we might just
  have time to turn down his bed and place this in full view. It should add a
  little frisson of delight to our evening when he sees it� don't you think?� 
The Girls walked from the bathroom to the room next door. Gail switched on
  the main light and looked around the room. She noted that, for a young teenage
  boy, he kept his room neat and tidy. They stood at either side of his bed and
  carefully turned down the top sheet and blankets until they were neatly folded
  and tucked in at the foot of the mattress. Susan straightened the bottom sheet
  before Gail placed the humiliatingly brief diaper out onto the middle of the
  bed. Susan watched as Gail felt in the pocket of her tunic and brought out
  a large shiny safety-pin which she placed on the centre of the diaper. 
�I think that that large container of talcum powder� erm perhaps placed on
  this bedside table would just complete the picture for him� what do you think
  Susan?� 
Susan giggled at the thought of what the boy would feel when he saw the items
  waiting for him. She also felt a thrill run through her body as she anticipated
  seeing him naked with his legs spread apart, unable to resist whatever they
  felt inclined to do to him. She fetched the container from the bathroom and
  placed it overtly in the centre of the bedside table. The girls stood side
  by side in the doorway of the bedroom. Susan slipped her arm around Gail's
  waist and squeezed as they took one last look at the room before switching
  off the main light and closing the door. 
�I think we will close the bathroom door. It will be far more onerous for
  him to have to open it, not knowing if we are here or not.� Gail's expression
  was almost wicked as she looked at Susan with a raised eyebrow. �In fact�� she
  whispered. �I think I can hear him.� The girls remained silent, listening as
  the creak of the stairs revealed the boy's progress towards the bathroom. 
Susan almost laughed out loud as Gail stood up straight with her legs placed
  apart and her arms folded in front of her. She faced the door, her expression
  stern as she waited for the young boy to appear. Susan could hardly contain
  her excitement as she turned towards the sink and turned on the cold tap. She
  began to wash her hands in the cold water. �Cold hands against warm naked skin
  should ensure that he feels every touch', she thought. She let her hands stay
  under the biting cold water as she waited for the inevitable appearance of
  the young boy. 
Timothy trod the staircase as if in slow motion. He felt a sickening dread
  in the pit of his stomach as he neared the bathroom door. He could not help
  the blush that suddenly suffused his face and upper body as he placed his hand
  on the doorknob. The toes of his bare feet curled against the carpet as he
  steeled himself to enter the room. 
Shivering with humiliation he opened the door and entered. In reality he had
  not known what to expect as he stood, suddenly dumbfounded by the appearance
  of the two girls. Gail looked at him and raised her eyebrow quizzically, her
  beauty causing Timothy to shiver uncontrollably. His face betrayed the anguish
  of his inner feelings as his cheeks burned with a second overwhelming rush
  of blood to his cheeks. He looked down at the floor, shivering with humiliation
  as Gail approached him. She placed her fingers under his chin and gently raised
  his head so that he was unable to avoid her gaze. 
�Now Timothy, you are going to be a good boy and do as you are told aren't
  you. I still have my slipper should you dare to disobey either Susan or myself.� 
He blushed and trembled as he looked at the perfect features of Gail's face.
  He was dumbstruck by the almost surreal apparition of the two girls. Their
  clinical apparel gave them an immediate authoritarian appearance� at the same
  time accenting the unnerving beauty and perfection of their bodies and faces.
  He stood awkwardly in front of them... completely humiliated and humbled. 
Gail quickly brought him out of his trancelike state as she announced to Susan. �Please
  strip Timothy of his clothes would you Susan. We have a lot to get through
  Timothy, so I want you on your very best behaviour.� 
Timothy blushed once more as Gail knew that he would. She looked at his face,
  noting that his bottom lip was trembling as she stood back and let Susan stand
  in front of him. Although she ostensibly busied herself arranging the enema
  packs upon the towelling surface of the table, she observed Susan's handling
  of the boy. 
Timothy looked up at Susan and blushed as she took his wrists, her fingers
  cold against his burning flesh. He trembled as silently she raised his hands
  until they were stretched out above his head. He could not help shivering as
  her cold hands slipped under the waist of his T shirt. She flattened the palms
  against either side of his waist as he timidly stood with his hands stretched
  upwards. The ignominy of being stripped by the young girl was heightened by
  the proximity of her beautiful face and body. Shivering he reluctantly allowed
  the girl to slide her hands upwards, his flesh shivering with goose-bumps as
  she slipped the garment up over his head. His feeling of nakedness was already
  acute as she placed the T shirt on the hook behind the bathroom door. Obediently
  he had left his hands raised in the air as she returned to stand in front of
  him. With an almost deliberately sensual motion, she brushed the hem of her
  tunic away from her legs and knelt before him on one knee. 
�Put your hands flat on top of your head and keep still while I take your
  trousers down� there's a good boy.� The humiliating words were hardly out of
  her mouth when she nonchalantly slipped his belt from the buckle and loosened
  the ends, letting them hang to the sides as she began to unbutton his trousers.
  He trembled in utter humiliation as she opened wide the fly of his trousers,
  before sliding them down his legs to his ankles. One by one she lifted his
  feet and completely divested him of the chinos. She left him standing in just
  his under shorts as again she hung the garment on the hook behind the bathroom
  door. 
He watched in dread as she returned and bent down on one knee in front of
  him, the bared flesh of her thigh unnerving him as she casually placed her
  fingers in the waistband of his under shorts. He trebled as her cool fingers
  seemed to play with his bare flesh. Slowly and with a casual nonchalance she
  lowered his shorts, inch by inch the garment slid from his waist. He looked
  up to the ceiling in shame, feeling the waist band brush over his penis as
  she bared him completely. Slipping the material over his thighs and down to
  his ankles, she looked up at his blushing face. 
�There we are Timothy, just lift your feet for me.� 
He could not help looking down as she completely divested him of the last
  of his clothing. He could feel her breath against his genitals as she unhooked
  the garment from his feet and stood up. Her body was only inches from his as
  she looked into his face. �Well done Timothy, now just stand with your feet
  well apart. I want to check your testicles to see how swollen they are. I'll
  just hang these up and then come back and check you. Feet well apart now!� 
Timothy blushed as Susan smiled innocently at him before moving behind his
  naked body to hang up his under shorts. He looked towards Gail, blushing immediately
  as he saw that she was deliberately looking down at his genitals. He dropped
  his head immediately as she caught his eye, his face burning with the utter
  shame of his nakedness. 
Susan hung up the shorts and turned to examine the boy from the rear. His
  young body looked perfect in every detail as she admired the swell of his buttocks
  and the firmness of his flesh. She could see that his bottom was still reddened
  from his slippering and could not resist adding to his humiliation by mentioning
  the fact. 
�Your little bottom is quite red Timothy, I hope that perhaps that perhaps
  my having to slipper you is going to help you to remember to be obedient in
  the future.� Deliberately she ran her cool fingers lightly over the curve of
  his slender waist and down over the hillock of his buttocks. She could feel
  the boy flinch at her touch. His embarrassment seemed almost palpable as she
  moved her body close to his and slid her hand down lower letting her fingers
  slip between the crease of his bottom. 
She slid her other hand around his waist with her fingers resting flat against
  his lower stomach. She tightened her grip, pressing her breasts against his
  back as she slid her fingers between his buttocks and through his parted legs.
  With a sigh of delight her fingers closed over the swollen flesh of his scrotum,
  encasing the sensitive orbs within her gentle grasp. 
She heard a sharp hiss of breath escape from his lips as her cool fingers
  closed around the warm flesh of his scrotum. 
�My my Timothy, they are swollen aren't they. I think we shall have to check
  you a lot more frequently than we have been doing. What do you think Gail,
  they feel really full.� 
Gail did well to hide the smile that played around her lips. She moved to
  stand in front of the naked boy, making sure she had his full attention before
  she delicately took hold of the tip of his penis between her finger and thumb,
  lifting the flaccid flesh upwards so that she had a clear view. 
�Now keep still and don't fidget while I examine you.� 
She watched as Susan deliberately jiggled the soft egg-like balls. Gail could
  clearly see how they stretched the skin of the scrotum as Susan moved them
  around within her delicate fingers. 
�Well Timothy, it is quite obvious that your little penis will have to be
  milked.� She slid the foreskin back, carefully exposing the sensitive rim of
  the glans. She felt the boy involuntarily jerk his hip as she exposed him. 
�Now do try and keep still Timothy. I really don't want to have your bottom
  slippered again so soon.� Nonchalantly she pushed his foreskin back until the
  skin was stretched tight. Timothy felt that totally exposed and naked, as if
  Gail was exposing the very core of his being. The shame of standing naked with
  his hands upon his head and having his foreskin stretched back to fully expose
  his penis was just to shameful to bear. He gasped. 
�Arrrrrrrrrrrrggggghhhhhh. Oh please miss!!!� 
Gail looked at him, moving her head towards his so that he could not escape
  her gaze. Her expression was of that of a mild enquiring look, as if to say� �I
  am not hurting you am I? 
Timothy did not know where to put himself, such was his shame as Gail spoke
  to Susan, her voice casual and matter of fact as she held the boy's penis firmly. 
�I am afraid that he will have to be milked very thoroughly. His testicles
  are swollen and I can feel that his penis is beginning to engorge. I am convinced
  that we will have to stimulate him well inside his bottom if we are to completely
  drain him of his semen. We will have to show his sample to the nurse tomorrow,
  so that will mean extracting it straight into the test-tube.� Gail could feel
  the boy's penis begin to throb uncontrollable as the flesh quickly hardened
  into a firm and vigorous erection. Timothy blushed with shame as Gail let go
  of his penis and watched as it bobbed upwards of its own volition. The boy
  looked down at himself in shame at his erection as Gail nonchalantly slapped
  the rigid flesh from side to side. 
�Really Timothy, you seem to have no control over your emotions. Well I suppose
  that we can expect no more than this sort of behaviour from little boys of
  your age.� 
Her words stung the boy to the very core as she slapped his penis once more.
  He had never felt so shamed or humiliated. Their �matter of fact' handling
  of his most sensitive flesh, allied to their derisory remarks, had fuelled
  his utterly humiliating anguish to a fever pitch. 
�Come along Timothy, I want you to bend over and rest your chest on the table
  with your legs spread apart. I want them nice and wide apart now! I am going
  to give you an enema and I want you to relax your cheeks so that I can lubricate
  your bottom properly. I shall be inserting my finger, so I want you to make
  sure that you relax your buttocks properly. You will be in a very good position
  for a sound spanking, should you think of disobeying me.� 
Timothy's face was absolutely bright red as the girls carefully positioned
  him against the table. Their hands deliberately brushed against his erect penis
  as they reached underneath him, positioning his legs widely apart with his
  trembling bottom raised into the air. They placed his chest flat against the
  towelled surface of the table with his head resting on his hands and his head
  turned towards the dressing table. 
Gail made sure that the boy was watching her as she took a tube of lubricant
  and asked Susan to coat her fingers. She lowered her hand until it was in front
  of Timothy's face and held out two fingers in a rigid posture. 
Susan had to stifle a giggle of delight as she squeezed lubricant on to the
  palm of her hand and rudely formed her hand into a cylinder before sliding
  it up and down over Gail's extended fingers. 
Timothy groaned with embarrassment and apprehension as he saw the two extended
  fingers and the deliberate way that Susan was sensuously sliding her hand over
  them. Involuntarily he squeezed his buttocks together at the thought of the
  impending intrusion of Gail's fingers up into his bottom. 
Susan stood upright and moved behind Timothy. Without warning she slapped
  his bottom cheeks hard. She thrilled as he gasped in shame and cried out. �Arggghhh� ooohhh.� 
Now that was just a little warning to keep your bottom well relaxed, don't
  be such a baby.� She moved to the side of his hips and facing away from his
  head, leaned over his bottom. Almost sensuously she slipped the fingertips
  of both hands between the cheeks of his bottom and pried the flesh apart. She
  completely ignored his groans of anguish as she watched Gail gently slide her
  extended fingers in-between the quivering cheeks and begin to probe the sensitive
  flesh of his sphincter. Susan leaned over the small of his back as she felt
  the boy try to rear up in anguish. Quickly she let go of his left buttock and
  reached underneath him, the back of her hand brushed against his throbbing
  penis as reached for his testicles. Grasping the swollen sac firmly, she pulled
  downwards. 
�Let's have no nonsense now. This has got to be done for your own good Timothy.
  Now just relax�.� 
�Arggghhhh�.ooooooooOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH.� The firm thrust of Gail's fingers
  was immediately accompanied by an agonising wail from the young boy. Gail had
  felt the sphincter relax for just a fleeting moment and had immediately penetrated
  the boy deliberately and firmly. She felt the tips of her fingers encased in
  the firm pressure of his sphincter muscle as she impaled him. 
�There we are, now try and keep still while I open your bottom up a bit. If
  you move I shall slipper your bottom so hard you won't be able to sit down
  for a week.� Susan let go of his testicles and grasped the shaft of his penis,
  feeling it throbbing violently as she squeezed the rigid flesh. 
Do you think his penis is responding to your fingers in his bottom already
  Gail? It seems to be throbbing quite heavily! 
Gail smiled as she began to insinuate her fingers up into the young boy's
  bottom. She felt a thrill of delight as slowly and surely she slid her fingers
  further up into him. His gasps and groans seemed to add to her feeling of control
  over his young body. 
Timothy felt utterly foolish as the girls discussed him as if he were not
  there. He could not help grunting and groaning as Susan held his penis firmly
  and Gail plied her fingers skilfully, carefully stretching his sphincter until
  she could slip her fingers easily up into his bottom. 
He grunted with the acute sensation of Gail's fingertips finally penetrating
  him deep into his bottom. He almost jumped out of his skin as she casually
  slid her fingertips over the sensitive flesh of his prostate gland. 
Susan felt the answering throb from his penis as Gail stimulated the boy to
  a fever pitch. She looked at Gail raising an eyebrow, and shaking her head
  in warning to Gail that the boy was almost losing control. 
Susan let go of his penis and reached for the lubricant, slipping the nozzle
  alongside Gail's fingers and squeezing more of the gel over the boy's sphincter. 
�Arrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�. oooooooooooOOOOhhhhHHH.� Timothy
  could hardly contain his anguish as Gail firmly stretched his sphincter, feeling
  the firm muscle relax it's grip around her fingers as she plied her fingers
  through the orifice again and again, until they slid in and out with ease. 
�There that should do, what a fuss little boy's make when they are having
  their bottoms seen to.� She pushed her fingers in again as she motioned to
  Susan. �Be a dear and pass me the enemas. I am going to let you give him them
  both� rather than empty one first; it should be sufficient as he has already
  had one earlier.� 
Susan raised her eyebrows in surprise at Gail's announcement. She could not
  help the thrill of delight as she proffered the bag to Gail, who pulled off
  the seal with her free hand before extricating her fingers from Timothy's bottom.
  Quickly she introduced the thin clear plastic tube into the opening of his
  sphincter, watching as the entire length slipped up easily into his anus. 
�Would you squeeze the bag in one firm motion so that he gets a thorough douche
  in one go. 
Susan could hardly contain her excitement as she took hold of the soft plastic
  which was heavy with liquid. She moved to the side so that she could observe
  the boy's face and placed her cupped hands at either end of the soft oblong
  container so that she would be able to empty most of the contents with just
  one firm squeeze. 
Gail looked at Susan as she pushed the bag between the cheeks of his bottom.
  The boy grunted as the cool plastic pressed against the cheeks of his bottom. 
�Now keep still and take a nice deep breath� come along Timothy, pay attention.� Susan
  watched as the boy began to draw in air. Susan did not wait for him to complete
  his breath before she squeezed the bag, her hands pushing against each end
  with all her strength. The result was astonishing as the boy reared up and
  threw his head back in anguish. 
�Arggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�. Ooh oh oooooohhhh�, he cried. The wail
  increased in volume as Susan thrust the bag hard between the cheeks of his
  bottom, emptying the remains of the fluid in a sudden burst. 
�Ooooohhhhhh� missssssss.� He hissed as Susan nonchalantly pulled the tube
  from his bottom. Timothy clenched his buttocks firmly together as he stood
  upright. Rather than let the boy recover from the shock of the water Gail quickly
  delivered several hard slaps to his bottom, chiding him as she put her arms
  around his waist and bent him over again. 
�Over you go young man and get that bottom well up and relax those cheeks� we
  will have no nonsense now!� 
�Ohhh pleeeeasse miss noooo more,� the boy sobbed. The shock of the smacks
  to his bottom and the feeling of the cool water inside him caused him to shiver
  as Susan nonchalantly greased the fingers of her right hand and quickly delved
  between the cheeks of his bottom until she located his sphincter. Almost immediately
  she penetrated the opening and pushed her forefinger through, feeling the muscle
  stretch as she penetrated him fully. 
�Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� The cry escaped from his lips as Susan
  quickly found the plump mound of his prostate gland and scored her fingernail
  over the sensitive flesh. 
�Now keep still while I lubricate you Timothy.� Susan managed to keep her
  voice calm, hiding the excitement she felt at having the young boy at her mercy.
  She watched as Gail settled the boy back into position and took the second
  of the enema bags. She removed the sterile cap and placed the bag on top of
  the boy's buttocks. Susan quickly withdrew her finger from his sphincter and
  took hold of the long tube. Slowly and deliberately she teased the end of the
  tube around the puckered flesh of the opening of his bottom, watching fascinated
  as the flesh recoiled at each prod of the smooth plastic. She thrilled with
  delight as she watched his hips jerk and shudder as she manipulated the tube
  into the opening of the sphincter. �Now keep still Timothy, I don't want to
  have to take you over my knee and smack you again.� 
Without preamble she casually pushed the tip right up into him. Taking hold
  of the bag, she introduced the rest of the clear tube, watching as each inch
  of the clear tubing passed through his sphincter and disappeared up inside
  him. Finally she pushed the soft plastic container of liquid firmly between
  the cheeks of his bottom. 
�Take a nice deep breath now Timothy.� 
Again she waited until he started to draw air into his lungs. Without further
  warning she suddenly squeezed the bag firmly, watching the contents empty rapidly,
  as she forced the liquid up into his bottom. 
�Argggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh�.oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� miss ser.� His cry
  was cut short as Gail took his head in her hands and looked into his face.
  She could see that the coldness of the water had shocked him as she pouted
  her lips and looked into his eyes. 
�Poor baby, never mind it's all inside you now. Just try and stay as you are
  for a few minutes and then I will sit you on the lavatory and you can empty
  your little tummy.� She stroked her hand over his shoulders and down onto his
  waist. She caught Susan's eye as she stroked her hand down over his quivering
  buttocks. Her impish grin had Susan stifling a giggle as she held the soft
  crumpled bag firmly between the cheeks of Timothy's bottom. 
The absolute ignominy of the following ten minutes embarrassed Timothy so
  much that he blushed and trembled his way through the humiliating procedure
  of being led to the toilet bowl and made to sit while he expelled the contents
  of his stomach. 
He was made to stand while both Susan and Gail examined the contents of the
  bowl. They were not surprised to find that the contents were absolutely clear
  as the nurses had made sure that his earlier enema had been most thorough. 
Gail issued instructions as they helped Timothy towards the stout table. �Now
  come along up on the table on your hands and knees, come along now that's the
  way.� Timothy blushed and trembled as the girls helped him up onto the table,
  their hands cheekily spreading his legs until his knees were parted wide. 
�Now down on your elbows, so that we can get that little bottom further up
  into the air. Ah, that's it� do you see Susan his buttocks are spread nicely
  apart� that position will do nicely.� 
Timothy was blushing profusely as he resting his head on his forearms, acutely
  aware that every intimate part of his body was now rudely on display. He waited,
  not daring to look towards the girls as they left him for a few moments while
  they busied themselves amongst the bathroom sink and shelves. 
Timothy heard their preparations but was still surprised when a felt a warm
  wash cloth being placed over his bared buttocks. He felt utterly ashamed as
  Gail placed her hand on his face, making him open his eyes. �Now Timothy Susan
  is going to wash you first� so keep still.� Gail thrilled as she say his cheeks
  blush and his lip tremble with embarrassment. She stroked his cheek and leaned
  forward do that she could observe every nuance of the young boy's humiliation. 
Timothy felt even worse as Gail observed him so closely. He could not help
  blushing as Susan slipped the wash cloth between his legs and proceeded to
  thoroughly wash his penis and testicles. He flinched and gasped as Susan retracted
  his foreskin and rubbed the cloth over the glans of his penis. The embarrassment
  was made worse as he realised that Gail was watching not only his face, but
  also the deft manipulation of his penis and testicles as Susan handled him
  without deference to his modestly. 
Gail looked into his eyes, her beautiful features betraying nothing of the
  thrill she felt as she watched Susan's actions out of the corner of her eye. 
�Now be a good boy and try and keep still for this next little bit� I know
  you can be a good little boy when you try.� Timothy blushed once more as Gail
  spoke to him as if he were a young child. He could not help looking nervously
  at her cool expression as her eyes quickly looked down towards his raised bottom. 
His first inkling of what the girls were going to do to him was when a lathered
  shaving brush was suddenly slapped between the cheeks of his bottom. 
�OOooohhhh.� His gasp of surprise was cut short by Gail's stern voice. �Now
  keep still you naughty child while Susan shaves your bottom. I don't want you
  to fidget or fuss while she is holding the razor.� 
Timothy refrained from uttering another sound as he knelt in total humiliation
  as his young neighbour pried his cheeks this way and that as she shaved between
  the crease of his buttocks. Although Timothy was already bereft of any pubic
  hair, his flesh felt smoother as Susan ran her fingers lightly over the area
  that she had just shaved. He could not help gasping as she began to lather
  underneath his testicles, nonchalantly moving his bulging scrotum this way
  and that, until he was completely covered in foam. She carefully moved the
  razor over his skin feeling the flesh by smoothing her fingertips behind the
  razor until his skin was as smooth as marble. She smoothed her hand all over
  his buttocks and between his legs before slapping him gently on the bottom. 
Every part of Timothy's embarrassment was closely observed by Gail as she
  looked into his eyes. Her own expression betrayed nothing other than mild interest
  and surprise at the boy's obvious humiliating distress. She smiled to herself
  as she watched yet another expression of pure horror appear on his face as
  Susan addressed him, her voice firm and authoritative. 
�Right young man, I want you lying on your back with your legs spread well
  apart so that I can have unhindered access to your penis and testicles. Come
  along now, I have to shave you thoroughly� so get to it.� 
Timothy could not believe the embarrassment he felt as he turned himself over
  hesitantly parting his legs. Without hesitation Gail took hold of the crook
  of his knee and placed his leg until it was laid over the side of the table.
  Without a moment's thought for the boy's embarrassment she moved around to
  the opposite side of the table took his other leg. She could see the almost
  pleading expression on his face as she stretched his legs wide as she placed
  the crook of his knee over the side of the table. 
Timothy gasped in anguish rather than pain as his thighs were stretched widely
  apart. He felt so indecently exposed that he almost fainted with the embarrassment
  of his position. 
He could not help looking at Gail as she turned his head towards her and held
  his face in her hands. �Now I want you to keep quite still while Susan shaves
  your little penis.� 
He looked up at her face and then watched in shame as she stroked her hand
  slowly down his chest and over his stomach, her fingers eventually slipping
  beneath the flesh of his flaccid penis. She began to flip it from side to side
  as if it were of no consequence, watching the flesh roll over his bared pubis.
  She reached for the tip of his penis with her other hand and gently pinched
  the exposed glans. 
She ignored his gasps of anguish as she spoke directly to Susan. Her words
  causing the boy to blush so profoundly that his cheeks seemed to flush a deep
  shade of purple. 
�I am just going to stimulate his penis for you Susan, so that you can shave
  him more easily. It should not take more than a moment for him to become erect,
  you know how little control this young man seems to have over his emotions.� 
She lifted his penis from his pubis and drew back the foreskin, exposing the
  glans completely. Without warning she gripped the shaft and ran her flattened
  palm over the sensitive opening of his member, ignoring the frantic jerking
  of his hips at the agonising sensation. 
�Do try and keep still Timothy, or I shall smack your bottom.� She watched
  as he turned his blushing face to the side and closed his eyes in shame. Gail
  could feel his penis begin to throb as she continued the agonising sexual torture
  to the tip of his penis. Susan could not help herself as she leaned forward
  and cupped his testicles in the palm of her hand, feeling the flesh recoiling
  in response to the agonising sensations that Gail was producing in his young
  body. 
Suddenly she let go of his penis and watched as it bobbed upwards of its own
  volition. �You see Susan,� Gail slapped his penis from side to side as she
  spoke, �He has no control at all, little boys can be quite disgusting. I think
  that we shall have to be very vigilant that this young man does not start playing
  with his little willy.� 
Susan was only just successful in stifling a giggle as she looked down at
  the boy's naked body. She could see that his lips were trembling and that a
  tear of shame had suddenly run down his cheek at Gail's hurtful and shaming
  words. 
Nonchalantly she slapped the soapy shaving brush over his pubis and deftly
  took a firm hold of his penis. She began to shave him, her deft strokes making
  a pathway of bared flesh through the lather. 
Timothy shuddered as he felt his penis and testicles being handled so familiarly
  and casually. He could not help jerking his hips as Susan causally stretched
  his foreskin up over the glans of his penis as she began to shave the bottom
  of the shaft. His eyes flew open to reveal Susan casually moving his penis
  to and fro as she bent to her task. 
The apparition of his young neighbour handling him in such a way, made Timothy
  feel faint. Her blonde hair, which was tied back, accented the beautiful bone
  structure of her face. The flesh of the upper part of her firm breasts was
  clearly visible as she leaned forward. Her lips were parted as she diligently
  moved her razor over his sensitive flesh. 
Susan could not believe the thrill she felt as she handled the young boy's
  penis and testicles. She marvelled as his penis throbbed each time that she
  touched it. She took her time, savouring every moment as she toyed with the
  boy's sexual emotions. 
Gail watched the young boy. Her control over him had progressed to such an
  extent that she was sure that she could manipulate him just as she required.
  She bent over him and took his head in her hands, forcing him to look into
  her eyes. 
Timothy looked up at her, the beauty of her eyes seemed envelope him as if
  he had dived into liquid pools of heaven. 
�Now try and be a good boy for the next part won't you� just for me sweet
  boy.� Timothy was absolutely bewitched by her beauty and presence. �Will you
  do that� just for me Sweetie?� 
Such was the mesmerizing beauty and subtle manipulation of his senses that
  he spoke in rapturous breath. 
�Oh yessss�ssss missss.� 
Susan knew that Timothy would be regretting those words before long, but she
  also knew that Gail had demonstrated her complete mastery over him. Whether
  it was the threat of punishment or the request to please her, she knew that
  the boy would respond, however reluctantly and whatever the anguish and embarrassment
  he was made to feel. 
Timothy jerked his hips as Susan slapped the wash cloth over his groin and
  deftly proceeded to clean any lather that was left, off his skin. Her indifference
  caused him acute embarrassment as she brushed aside his penis and testicles,
  nonchalantly stretching back his foreskin as she moved his intimate flesh to
  and fro. 
She then took a towel and rudely dried every inch of his genitalia and pubic
  area, her deft and nonchalant actions causing the boy to blush in embarrassment
  and confusion. 
It seemed that the girls were performing a carefully orchestrated scenario;
  Gail looking into his face, her expression cool and appraising, while Susan
  handled the boy's genitals and sexual emotions, as if his feelings were of
  no consequence. The entire procedure left the boy in a highly strung state
  of acute embarrassment and confusion. His blushing face and trembling lips
  were a testament to the skilful and deliberate attack on his naive sensibilities. 
Abruptly, his torment came to a stop. Without a word they took his legs and
  placed them together, before helping him from the table. Shakily he let himself
  be helped down and supported as they stood him in the bathtub of shallow tepid
  water. His respite from their ministrations and their humiliating handling
  of him was short-lived. 
�Right Timothy,� Gail spoke firmly as her eyes appraised every inch of his
  naked body. �I want you to put your hands flat upon the top of your head and
  stand with your legs wide apart. We are going to give you a thorough bath.� 
Timothy looked at the two girls, his lips were trembling and even his legs
  were shaking as he looked at them in acute embarrassment. They both stood with
  their arms folded, their legs astride. Their white tunics and clear plastic
  aprons, gave them a clinical and authoritative air as they stood examining
  his nakedness. Timothy could not assuage the feeling of helplessness as he
  placed his hands on his head, the action virtually stripping him of any defence
  against whatever they might wish to do to his body. 
He struggled with his acute embarrassment as he shuffled his feet through
  the water until his legs were stretched wide. He was acutely aware that his
  penis was still engorged and he could feel the cool air around his testicles
  as they bulged freely between his widely parted thighs. He felt a shudder run
  through his body as Gail moved towards the sink and lathered her hands, she
  stood in front of him with her hands held up like a surgeon. She looked at
  him enquiringly, her cool expression daring him to protest as Susan moved to
  the sink and also lathered her hands. 
He stood trembling, not daring to protest as Gail moved around the free-standing
  bathtub, while Susan moved to stand in front of him. He almost jumped out of
  his skin at the first touch of Gail's hands upon his body. She placed her hands
  gently underneath his arms and began to wash him from the rear. Her delicate
  palms slid around his chest as she began to bathe him. His reaction was that
  of a frightened animal being soothed as Susan moved forward and placed her
  palms on either side of his hips. 
He stood shivering with embarrassment as the girls gently bathed him, their
  hands smoothing over his skin gently and sensuously. They deliberately avoided
  his genitals and pubic area, instead concentrating on his chest and his legs.
  He trembled and shook with the acute embarrassment of the two beautiful schoolgirls
  bathing him. The silence in the bathroom was only punctuated by their gentle
  breathing and his own gasps and muted moans as their hands caressed his skin. 
The humiliating procedure continued with both girls carefully avoiding his
  bottom and his pubic area. This deliberate omission made the boy acutely aware
  that each moment heralded the time when they would eventually turn their attention
  to his bottom and his penis and testicles. He grimaced and trembled as the
  girls bathed him, their silence adding to the expectant atmosphere within the
  room. 
He looked up to the ceiling in despair as the girls deliberately caressed
  his flesh in a sensual manner. He did not see the Gail signal to Susan, that
  their fun was about to begin. 
�Arggggggggggghhhhhh.� 
Timothy gasped� the reluctant explosion of breath wrenched from his lips as,
  abruptly and nonchalantly. Gail slid her hand down his back and slipped her
  fingers into the crease of his bottom at the very same moment that Susan ran
  her hand upwards over the inner flesh of his thigh and cupped his testicles
  in the palm of her soapy hand. 
�Oooohhhhhhhhhhhh.� Timothy could not help moan as the cheeks of his bottom
  were suddenly spread apart and Gail's gentle fingertips prodded firmly at the
  very centre of his sphincter. At the same time, Susan took a firm grip of his
  rapidly erecting penis, slipping the foreskin back over the rim of the glans
  and stretching the delicate skin down the shaft. The two simultaneous actions
  made him gasp with deep anguish. 
�Argggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh�oooohhhhhhhhhhhh please er missssssssss. Oh oh� please
  noooooooooooohhhhhhh.� 
Gail's answer to the boy's pleading was a series of sound slaps to the cheeks
  of his bottom. He gasped in humiliation as she smacked his bottom six times
  in quick succession. 
�arrgggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� He gasped with the embarrassment and indignation
  of being smacked by the young head girl. He groaned as she chided him, at the
  same time slipping her hands back between the cheeks of his bottom. 
�My you are a naughty boy. I had thought that both Susan and I had made you
  see the error of being disobedient. I shall not hesitate to bend you over right
  here and now and give you a sound spanking if you persist in this unseemly
  behaviour Timothy.� 
Timothy shivered and shook with dismay and shame as the Susan began to diligently
  handle his genitals and Gail slipped her fingers deep within the crease of
  his bottom. He jerked his hips forward in a reluctant and anguished gesture
  as Gail deftly penetrated his sphincter with a soapy forefinger. 
�Now do try and keep still and let's have no more nonsense.� Gail's tone was
  that of a young schoolmistress as she slid her finger right up into his bottom.
  The involuntary reaction of his hips was taken advantage of by Susan who gripped
  his erect penis firmly and slipped her fingers over the rim of the glans. He
  shivered and shook, his body trembling in a violent spasm as she deftly encircled
  her fingers over the sensitive rim and moved her hand up and down rapidly.
  The sensation was overwhelming; he could not help pushing his bottom backwards
  at the acuteness of the intense sexual sensation. The movement was quickly
  stifled as Gail slid her middle finger alongside her forefinger and stretched
  his sphincter wide as she penetrated him fully with both fingers. 
�arggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� He moaned as Gail located his
  prostate. He threw his head back and wailed as Gail quietly signalled to Susan.
  Incredibly the girls increased the movement and intensity of their attack upon
  his senses. The motion of Susan's fingers over the glans of his penis was almost
  a blur as she stimulated the flesh to a fever pitch. 
It was the sudden series of insistent prods to his prostate gland that heralded
  the first orgasmic spasm of ejaculation. The boy's body tensed into a rigid
  paroxysm of anguish and blinding sensation, as delightedly Gail and Susan produced
  an almost volcanic eruption of semen from his captive penis. 
�Argggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�. oooooooooOOOOHHHH�. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaase�.noooooooooooooooooooo.� 
Timothy threw his head back, his jaw slack as he gasped and groaned his utter
  distress as he ejaculated wildly. �ohhhh pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaseeee missssssssssssssssss.� 
Time and time again his penis erupted with a new spurt of semen, the violence
  of his orgasm jetting the semen onto the front of Susan's Apron. His penis
  throbbed uncontrollably as the Girls deftly milked him; their skilful manipulation
  of his most sensitive flesh denuded him of any vestige of self control. 
The girls ignored him as they continued to stimulate his body. Their fingers
  were skilful and subtle as they explored every nerve ending, eliciting every
  possible sexual sensation from the young boy. 
�Argggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� ooohhhhhhhhh� arggghhh� please misss please nooooooooo
  more� oh please miss.� His ejaculation held his body in a rigid trance until
  the pulsing began to subside. 
Susan was amazed at the calmness of Gail's voice as she spoke to the distraught
  and trembling boy. 
�Oh dear Timothy� what on earth are you doing. Goodness� little boys seem
  to have no control at all, what a naughty boy you are. I can't believe that
  you are doing that� have you know control over yourself. Just look at you� what
  sort of behaviour is that?� 
Timothy could not believe the shame he felt as he reluctantly looked down.
  He gasped in dismay as he saw Susan milk another thick globule of semen from
  the tip of his penis. He could feel a deep throb within him as Gail prodded
  his prostate again, he watched in shame as Susan squeezed the base of his penis
  and drew her hand upwards in a milking motion to produce the last small tear
  of semen from the tip of his penis. 
Susan looked up at him, her delight and sexual excitement hidden behind the
  calmness of her voice and her rather disdainful expression. 
�You are a naughty boy, Timothy. You show very little control over yourself� you
  obviously need to be taken very firmly in hand.� She cupped her hand under
  his scrotum and squeezed his testicles to emphasise her point. 
�Now come along get out of the bath so that we can dry you.� Timothy felt
  the tears well up in his eyes. He felt awkward and ashamed as Gail gently extricated
  her fingers from his bottom, and patted his quivering buttocks. 
They helped him out of the bath, feeling his body trembling almost uncontrollably,
  as they bade him stand in front of one of the bathroom chairs. 
Gail moved in front of him and sat down on the chair. Her knees were touching
  his thighs as she drew him forward. She placed her hand between his legs and
  pushed his thighs apart until she could draw the boy forward until his parted
  legs were placed at either side of hers. 
Gail was pleased that he could not see Susan who looked across at her from
  the sink. Susan was busy cleaning the front of her apron with a washcloth,
  to Gail's amazement, Susan picked a small globule of semen from the top of
  her tunic and delicately held it on the very tip of her finger before popping
  it into her mouth and licking her lips. She looked at Gail and winked as she
  ran her tongue delicately over her perfect teeth and mimed her satisfaction
  at the taste of the viscous fluid. 
Timothy saw nothing of Susan until she appeared at his side with two large
  bath-towels. She handed one to Gail and then moved behind him with the other.
  He stood in total embarrassment as Susan proceeded to dry his shoulders and
  back. He watched in trepidation as Gail gently lifted the bath towel between
  his legs and dried his penis and testicles. He shuddered violently, as she
  drew back his foreskin and rubbed the towelling over the exposed glans. He
  blushed in shame as he felt Susan's fingers deftly part the cheeks of his bottom
  and dry the delicate flesh within the crease of his buttocks. The absolute
  shame of being handled like a small boy increased his distress; he could not
  hold back the tears that rolled freely down his cheeks. 
He dare not look at Gail as she drew him even closer, his genitals almost
  touching her breasts as he stood with his legs parted at either side of hers.
  Gail delighted in the boy's position. As soon as Susan had finished drying
  his bottom she dropped her towel to the floor and placed her hands on his hips,
  before running her hands down the back of his legs to the crook of his knees. 
�Never mind Timothy, I can see that it has caused you some distress, sit down
  on my knees, there� that's the way. She pulled her hands forward against the
  back of his knees. She watched as Susan placed her hands on his shoulders,
  pressing him down until she could feel the full weight of the boy upon her
  knees. 
Timothy felt utterly awkward at his close proximity to Gail. The plastic material
  felt cold on the cheeks of his bottom and genitals, as he embarrassedly sat
  facing Gail. Her breasts were almost touching his chest as she delved between
  their bodies and took hold of his penis and testicles with both of her hands. 
He could feel her sweet breath against his face as she looked him in the eye. 
�Never mind� perhaps it has all been too much for you. I was going to take
  you over my knees and smack your bottom for being so naughty. But I will save
  your smack-bottom for another time. Now dry your tears� and you can have a
  little rest.� She let go of his genitals and took the boy by the waist, she
  leaned back in the chair and drew the boy forward, pressing his head to her
  shoulder. �Now my little one, just lie against my shoulder� poor baby that's
  the way� just relax now� there we are.� 
She positioned him until he was resting comfortably, his burning cheek touching
  her face. She thrilled as his body began to relax against hers, she turned
  her head slowly and kissed him on the forehead. 
She heard him murmur contentment as she put her hand around the back of his
  head and stroked his hair. She smiled as Susan took another chair and sat behind
  him, her delicate fingers gently stroking over his back in a comforting gesture.
  Gail could feel the occasional shiver and sob as he gathered himself� but she
  could tell by the way he lay against her that he was completely under her spell. 
It was almost twenty minutes before Gail broke the young boy's idyllic reverie,
  gently brushing her lips against his cheek, she spoke softly to him. �There� are
  you feeling a little better now� mmm?� 
Gail had been delighted to feel the growing pressure of his penis against
  her tummy as he dozed with his head against her shoulder. She had conveyed
  the fact to Susan with a look and a raised eyebrow. Susan had made a face that
  would have normally had Gail in fits of laughter. 
Susan helped the boy up into a standing position with his legs still spread
  either side of Gail's knees, seated as she was with them primly together. To
  Timothy's shame he realised that his penis had erected once more. He face was
  absolutely crestfallen as Gail looked at him, her face betraying none of the
  delight she felt at his utter embarrassment. 
�Well Timothy, you have had a little rest� and you seem to have got over your
  tears. I am afraid that your little accident in the bath will not preclude
  you from supplying a sample of semen for the nurse. Stand still and let me
  feel your testicles.� 
The boy almost jumped out of his skin as Gail reached forward and pulled his
  scrotum out from between his legs. With her other hand, she took hold of his
  penis and moved the stiffened member to the side as she felt his testicles. 
�They are still quite swollen, although they are obviously not as full as
  I would have liked them. The doctor needs to keep a proper record of your emissions
  and I am afraid that your little performance while you were being bathed, will
  not help.� She looked up at the boy's blushing face. 
�I am afraid that you will need a severe stimulation to your prostate gland
  if we are to get anything like a full sample. So I am going to ask you to assume
  the same position upon the table that you were in while Susan was shaving the
  area around your penis. That is, lying on your back with your legs spread outwards
  on either side of the table. Will you go and do that for me now while we prepare
  what we need to extract a full sample from you?� 
Timothy could not have blushed anymore than he did right now. He felt the
  blood suddenly and swiftly suffuse his cheeks until they were glowing bright
  red. He stood looking dumbfounded as Gail squeezed his testicles once more
  before releasing both his penis and scrotum. 
�Off you go now.� She watched him as he shuffled his feet back and turned
  towards the table. She knew that it would be even more embarrassing for him,
  to have to lay himself down in such an exposed position, than it would be for
  him to have herself and Susan do it for him. The girls moved towards the dressing
  table and began to open the tubes of lubricant. They both watched as the boy
  hesitated, looking at the table in pure embarrassment, before he turned and
  sat up on the edge. Slowly he shuffled himself backwards, glancing embarrassedly
  in their direction before lying down. 
They almost giggled with delight as they watched him make several attempts
  to stretch his legs wide enough apart, to clear the edge of the table. He grunted
  with the effort, as well as with the embarrassment of his predicament, as he
  accomplished the task. 
He detected a look of amusement upon the girls' faces as they came to stand
  over him. He blushed profusely as they both looked down at his genitals. Timothy
  could not help following their gaze, shamefully looking down at his erect penis,
  which was standing upwards from between his legs. 
�Just put your hands behind your head Timothy, I don't want to see your hands
  anywhere near your genitals.� She watched him blush at her remark as she continued. 
�As we don't have stirrups to hold your legs up Timothy, I am going to ask
  you to make sure that you relax the cheeks of your bottom so that Susan can
  have full and unhindered access with her fingers. We will lubricate your bottom
  generously, but I intend that you are fully penetrated so relaxing you bottom
  is very important�. Do you understand Timothy?� 
Timothy looked up at Gail, his embarrassment complete, as she laid her hand
  upon his stomach, somehow the action emphasized that he was completely open
  to their wishes. 
Susan moved to stand at the end of the table. Timothy could not help watching
  as she placed the specimen tube and a large jar of lubricant between his widely
  stretched legs. 
�Right young man, we will waste no more time. If you are ready Susan then
  we will begin.� 
Both Gail and Susan looked cool and clinical as Timothy eyed them warily.
  He watched in dread as Susan unscrewed the lid of the jar, dipping all of the
  fingers of one hand, into it. She scooped up almost a tablespoonful of the
  clear gel before setting the jar down and leaning forward. Her voice was almost
  husky as she spoke to him. 
�Just relax your bottom for me, like a good boy.� Her words failed to stop
  his gasp of shock as the cold gel first touched his skin. 
�Ooohhhhh. Arrhhh.� Timothy wriggled his hip as much as his outstretched position
  would allow. 
�Relax now, like a good little boy.� Susan whispered through parted lips as
  she bent forward to her task. She parted his cheeks and smeared the gel over
  the puckered flesh of his sphincter. He gasped again as she curled her fingers,
  one after the other, scoring her fingernails over the tightly shut opening
  to his anus. 
�Just relax, there's a sweetie.� Her voice was almost a drawl as she teased
  her forefinger against his sphincter, the flesh recoiling violently as she
  gently teased the opening. 
�Ooops� there we are!� She pressed her forefinger through the tightly constricted
  muscle, feeling the young boy jerk with the acuteness of the sensation. 
Impudently, she see-sawed her finger in and out of the opening of his bottom,
  watching and listening in delight to the boy's moans of anguish, as she penetrated
  him. 
Timothy groaned as he suddenly felt her finger push further inside him, penetrating
  him past the knuckle. He groaned again as suddenly he felt a second fingertip
  impudently prodding against the opening to his bottom. He cried out in alarm
  as suddenly both fingers entered his bottom. He tried to raise his hips off
  the table to alleviate the stretching of his sphincter, gasping in anguish
  at the intrusion. 
�Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh oooooohhhhhh hooooo.� Susan ignored him as she
  pushed firmly, feeling her fingers slowly and inexorably slide upwards. She
  could feel his bottom quivering violently as she let the steady pressure she
  was exerting, carry her fingers fully up into his bottom. 
�There we are, all in now� just try and relax Timothy, I want a nice big sample
  from you. I am going to just run my fingers over your prostate; I want you
  to tell me if you canfeel anything.� Susan looked at the boy's horror stricken
  face. She could not bring herself to look at Gail for fear that she would break
  into a giggle. 
She looked at his blushing face, seeing the look of apprehension on his face.
  Deftly she ran the flesh of her forefinger over the pliant mound of his prostate
  gland. The effect of her action caused the boy to nearly lift off the table. 
�Arrgggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� ooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
  uggghhhh� 
Susan held her fingers firm as the boy actually managed to gyrate his hips. �Keep
  still, I need to see you reaction without you jiggling about all over the place.� Instead
  of decreasing the pressure, as Timothy expected from his protestation, Susan
  prodded the sensitive flesh firmly running both fingers over the mound. 
She could see that his penis was throbbing mightily as she caused the boy
  to call out in anguish. 
    
�Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeasse� er miss er noooooo more.� 
Gail looked down at the boy's anguished face as Susan relaxed the pressure
  inside him. She had yet to touch the boy, instead enjoying the nuances of his
  impalement. 
�Thank you Susan, his penis has reacted nicely. Now young man I am going to
  manipulate your penis for you. Because you have already ejaculated entirely
  of your own volition, like the naughty boy you are, I am going to have to be
  far more firm with you. Now look at me and listen. If you don't try and control
  yourself and stop squirming about like a spoiled child I shall take the strap
  to your bottom. I believe that you received three strokes from Hazel� I shall
  give you six. Now look at me and tell me� are you going to behave?� 
Timothy blushed and trembled as he looked up at Gail's face. Her cool and
  appraising expression gave him no hope of any leniency. He blushed again as
  he stammered. 
�I will be g�good� er I pp.promise.� 
�Well you have been warned� now lay still.� Gail delicately placed her finger
  and thumb on the throbbing flesh of the boy's penis as, almost clinically,
  she slipped the foreskin back to expose the sensitive rim of the glans. She
  watched as he struggled to keep control of his emotions, looking up at her
  as she held his penis. She raised her head to address Susan. 
�I would like you to keep a steady stroking motion over his prostate until
  he is ready to ejaculate�. as soon as he starts to pulsate, I want you to try
  and coax a nice sample from him. Ignore his squirming; children can be so awkward
  and naughty when they are having their genitals seen to. Would you have the
  specimen-tube ready for the collection of his semen, please?� 
Timothy turned his head in shame as Gail turned her attention to his genitals.
  Nonchalantly she took a firm grip on the shaft of his penis with her left hand
  and reached between his bottom cheeks with her right, smearing some of the
  lubricant on to her fingers. 
�A firm pressure if you would Susan!� The boy almost jumped out of his skin
  as he felt Susan score her fingers over his prostate and at the same time take
  a firm hold of his testicles. Gail wrapped her fingers into a tube-like shape
  around the rigid flesh of his penis and began to stroke up and down in a firm
  controlled motion. 
The boy shook his head from side to side as his body was rapidly and firmly
  aroused by the two girls. Both Gail and Susan knew that however well disciplined
  the boy might be, he would not be able to control his reaction to the excruciatingly
  acute sensations that the girls were eliciting from his young body. 
The shaving, he had undergone earlier, had made his flesh seem even more sensitive
  as Susan rolled his testicles around in her hand. She delighted in his torment,
  thrilling as he grunted each time she altered the alignment of her fingers
  deep inside his bottom. 
Gail kept a close watch on the boy as he began to writhe, his reactions almost
  delirious as they skilfully manipulated his flesh to a fever pitch. She listened
  for his breathing, altering the speed and firmness of her grip upon his penis
  as his breath quickened. 
He was moaning almost constantly as Gail looked at Susan and nodded towards
  his penis, gesturing for her to observe. Susan watched apprehensively, occasionally
  glancing at the boy's face, as Gail nonchalantly stretched the foreskin down
  the shaft. She held the skin tightly in place with her left hand as both girls
  anticipated the boy's reaction. The bared head of his penis was clearly exposed
  as Gail deliberately formed the fingers of her right hand into a tube and purposefully
  slipped them over the exposed glans and pumped up and down in rapid movement. 
The cry of torment torn from Timothy's throat was so anguished that it took
  both girls by surprise. 
�Argggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease� noooooooooooooooo� 
His back was arched in agony as he cried out in utter despair. To Susan's
  surprise, her own response was to thrust her fingers deep into his bottom and
  stimulate his prostate with firm prods to the pliant flesh. 
�Argggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� please�no�no� no more
  please� oh please.� 
Gail ignored his pleading cry as she rapidly pumped her fingers up and down
  in a flurry of movement, each stroke so sensitive upon his glans that the boy
  was beside himself with an acute and agonising torment of sexual sensation. 
�Argggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� His wail
  of anguish seemed to go on for ever as gave vent to his torment. 
Susan was fascinated by the boy's reaction as she nonchalantly let go of his
  testicles and reached for the glass container. Her fingers were thrusting vigorously
  against his prostate as he tossed his head from side to side. His mouth sagged
  open and he gasped loudly for breath as she causally held the glass over the
  tip of his penis. She felt his flesh tense and spasm deep inside his bottom;
  almost callously she scored her fingernails over the sensitive gland. 
�arrrggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh� ooooooooooohhhhhhh.� 
Gail nodded to Susan, her expression cool and calm, belying the rapid manipulation
  of her slender fingers over the most sensitive part of the young boy's flesh. 
�Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�. Ssssssssssssss arrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� pleeeease
  nooooooooooooooooo�.� 
Gail could hear the boy's heart thumping in his chest as she bent low, watching
  as spurt after spurt of semen entered the glass tube. Both Gail and Susan were
  surprised by the intensity of the boy's orgasm. Gail knew that no one could
  have resisted the sensation of bare fingers over the acutely sensitive uncovered
  glans of the penis. She knew that the sensation would have been agonizingly
acute for a young boy to bear. 
Her hand slowed gradually, as the violent pulses of ejaculation dissipated
  to a mere throbbing, although each throb was still accompanied by groans and
  gasps from the distraught young boy. 
Gail milked him diligently, running her finger and thumb from the base of
  his penis right through to the tip. Each motion elicited further globules of
  semen as casually she extracted the last remains of the boy's agonising ejaculation. 
Gently Susan extracted her fingers from inside his bottom and gently cupped
  her hand around his testicles, squeezing gently as she watched the last drops
  of semen slide down the wall of the clear specimen-tube. It was Gail who left
  the boy for a moment and deposited the tube upon the dressing table. 
She returned to look down at the distraught boy. His chest was still heaving
  as he looked up at her anxiously. Gail did not speak but leaned forward and
  took his face gently in her hands. Without warning she leaned forward and kissed
  him on the forehead. �Just stay where you are for a moment sweet boy.� 
Susan and Gail lifted his legs and laid them in a more comfortable position
  over the end of the table. They left him to rest, his strength utterly exhausted
  from the agonising torment of his reluctant ejaculation. An ejaculation so
  thoroughly and skilfully extracted from his young body. 
Gail emptied the bath and then turned on both taps to their full volume until
  she had filled it to over half full with comfortably hot water. She readied
  shampoo and liquid soap by the side of the bath as Susan fetched more towels
  to hang over the heated towel rail. 
It was perhaps ten minutes before they roused the boy into a sitting position
  and helped him towards the bath. He looked relieved as they sat him down and
  laid him back so that he was covered almost to his neck in deliciously hot
  water. For the next fifteen minutes the girls allowed him to relax in the water
  before Gail bent beside the bathtub and began to wash his hair, rinsing it
  with a jug of fresh warm water that Susan had filled from the sink. She washed
  his face and neck, watching him squeeze his eyes shut as she soaped and then
  rinsed him. 
By the time Gail had finished washing his hair Timothy looked quite recovered
  from the ordeal of his wracking ejaculation. He looked at Gail anxiously as
  she made him stand-up and face forward. 
�Come along Timothy, you know the bath-time routine by now. Hands on your
  head and legs apart� that's the way now.� 
She took his wrists and raised his arms to his head as Susan moved to his
  rear and slipped her hand in-between his legs, tapping the inside of his thighs
  gently until he had spread to her satisfaction. 
He blushed as Gail looked him up and down and then bent to retrieve the soap
  from beside the bath-tub. 
Without preamble she lathered her hands and passed the soap to Susan. He flinched
  at the first touch as Gail began to soap his chest and underneath his arms.
  He could not help shivering at her gentle touch, suddenly jerking his body
  as he felt Susan run her soapy hands up over his waist, widening the scope
  of her gentle hands, to wash his back. The girls thoroughly cleansed every
  part of him, except for his bottom and his genitals. Timothy looked apprehensively
  at Gail as both girls deliberately, re-soaped their hands to a rich lather.
  He jerked his hips in an embarrassed reaction to their touch, shuddering violently
  as both girls placed their hands upon him at the same time. 
Gail cupped one hand underneath his testicles and gently took hold of his
  penis in the other, while Susan impudently slipped her fingers between the
  deep crease of his bottom cheeks. 
They washed his genitals and bottom thoroughly, being particularly gentle
  at first and then growing bolder as Susan slid a slippery finger up through
  his sphincter and into his anus. Gail followed suit by slipping his foreskin
  back along the shaft of his penis and washing behind the sensitive glans. 
The boy shivered and shook as the girls gave him no respite from their ministrations.
  As if on cue they slid their hands from his body and stood back. To Timothy's
  utter dismay his penis stood out rigidly from his body, throbbing visibly as
  Gail stood back and examined him. He blushed profusely as she caught his eye,
  he blushed again as she motioned to Susan to come around from the other side
  of the bath. 
�Can you believe it Susan, his penis is erect again� even though he has only
  just ejaculated. He is obviously not being milked thoroughly enough�or perhaps
  the frequency needs to be increased. We will have to tell Hazel in the morning.� 
Timothy blushed in shame as he stood in the bath, his embarrassment made even
  more acute by the fact that he had been made to stand with his hands flat on
  his head and his legs spread widely apart. 
He blushed again as Gail casually reached forward and tapped her fingers against
  the underside of his erect penis making it bob up and down. 
�Oh well Susan, I suppose we had better put him to bed� I really don't know
  what to do for the best.� To his shame and utter humiliation the girls helped
  him from the bath and began to dry him. Mischievously, both Gail and Susan
  made sure that either the towel or their hands kept touching his penis, keeping
  the rigid member erect and throbbing. They made him bend over and touch his
  toes while Susan slipped the towel between the crease of his buttocks and dried
  his bottom. 
Timothy felt absolutely humiliated and shamed as the Gail led him naked towards
  his bedroom, his penis bobbing in front of him like a beacon to remind him
  of his utter humiliation. She switched on the centre light and left Timothy
  facing his bed. She pretended not to notice his groan of dismay as he caught
  sight of the diaper laid out on his bed and the large nappy pin laid on top
  of it. 
Gail's voice was bright and matter of fact as she put her arm around his waist
  and whispered to him. �Come along then Timothy, lie down on the bed. Sit your
  bottom right on top of the diaper, it will be a lot easier for me to get you
  fastened up. Here� let me move the pin, we don't want you sitting on that and
  it sticking in to your little bottom, do we?� 
�Butt.. er miss� please.. er I don't need a ,,,erm a erm nappy.� 
�Nonsense� Gail said brightly� it will help to stop you touching your little
  willy. We don't want you getting into nasty habits do we? Now come along now� it's
  far too late for me to start having to spank your naughty bottom� so don't
  let me hear another word from you.� 
Susan had stayed in the bathroom to collect a few items that she knew that
  they might need. She placed a specimen-tube in the top pocket of her tunic
  and took a tube of lubricant with a long nozzle. Undoing the cap, she placed
  the tube upright inside the specimen-container so that the clear gel would
  not ooze out if it were pressed against her pocket. 
She hurried to the bedroom to see Timothy looking absolutely crestfallen at
  the sight of the tapered diaper that they had laid out upon the bed. 
She took his shoulders and turned him so that he was facing away from the
  bed and pushed him backwards so that he was forced to sit down on top of the
  diaper. Without preamble she bent forward and took his ankles and brought his
  feet around to lay them on the foot of the bed. Gail slid her hand over his
  chest and laid him back. 
�There what a fuss about getting into bed! Now Susan would you talcum powder
  his little bottom as well as his penis and testicles for me?� 
Timothy blushed as Gail handed the large tin of talcum powder to Susan. The
  tin had large holes in the top of it and illustrations of babies in nappies
  upon the side. Timothy looked at the tin and flushed a deep shade of red. He
  could not believe that the girls were going to sprinkle him with baby powder.
  He turned his face into the pillow as he felt Susan sit on the bed at his side
  and slip her finger in between his thighs. �Come along Timmy, open your little
  legs for me and bend your knees up so that I can sprinkle your little bottom
  and your willy.� 
Timothy groaned as Susan slipped her hand between his knees and pulled one
  leg up until his knee was raised. �Gail� would you help me� Timmy is being
  a very difficult little boy.� 
Timothy could not believe his acute embarrassment as Susan suddenly got up
  from the bed and both she and Gail slipped their hands under his knees and
  raised his legs high in the air. Before he knew what was happening, Timothy
  felt his legs being raised and bent over his chest, leaving his bottom raised
  in the air. Seemingly without effort Gail held his knees towards his chest
  as Susan began to smack his raised bottom as if he were a child. 
�Smack smack smack smack�� Susan spanked his bottom until the cheeks began
  to turn red. She almost laughed at loud as she observed his penis bobbing to
  and fro in time with her smacks to his bottom cheeks. 
Suddenly she stopped as Gail lowered her head and looked into his eyes. �Now
  Timothy, don't you dare start your naughtiness. Fancy Susan having to smack
  your bare bottom! Now keep still and let us have no more nonsense.� 
Timothy felt so ashamed that he turned his head away. He could not believe
  the abject humiliation he felt at the hands of the two young girls. He felt
  Gail take hold of his ankles, keeping his legs raised, but holding them further
  apart. To his utter humiliation he felt cool talcum powder being showered over
  his upturned bottom and then the unmistakable feeling of a soft hand gently
  smoothing the powder over his cheeks. He turned his face further into the pillow
  as Susan's fingers suddenly delved in-between the crease of his bottom. 
�There that's better Timmy. I can manage now Gail if you let his legs down.
  Don't you dare squeeze your legs together Timmy, I want plenty of room to powder
  your little willy and your testicles.� 
Timothy squeezed his eyes shut, trying anything to distance himself from his
  humiliation at the hands of the two girls. He did not think that he would ever
  be able to look them in the face again; such was his utter shame and humiliation.
  Gail had very different ideas on Timothy's participation. She took hold of
  his face and turned his head towards her. 
�Now Timothy� open your eyes and look at me I want a very serious word with
  you.� 
He flushed a bright and heated shade of red as Gail waited until he opened
  his eyes. Her beauty exacerbated his feeling of utter shame and anguish as
  she looked into his face. 
Now if you persist in this behaviour I shall be forced to have to take you
  downstairs and bend you over a chair while I severely chastise your bare bottom
  with six strokes of the strap� now young man� tell me which is better, to behave� or
  to have your bare bottom soundly thrashed? 
�I am so sorry miss� please miss not that�� 
�Well then lie still and let us attend to you,� her face softened and she
  brushed her hand against his cheek. ��we are only doing what is best for you!� 
Gail suddenly saw him flinch as Susan casually took hold of his erect penis
  and liberally sprinkled his testicles and the area between his legs with talcum
  powder. 
Gail had look of mild amusement on her face as if to say what a silly boy
  he was at making so much fuss. 
�Poor Timmy, my you are a �silly billy'.� 
He could not help looking down at himself as Susan wrapped her fingers around
  the top of his penis and slowly and sensually sipped the foreskin down, uncovering
  the sensitive rim of the glans. He blushed as she sprinkled the powder over
  the entire length of his penis until it was covered in white. 
�Look Timmy, Susan cried out� it looks just like a little snowman.� 
Timothy shivered in shame as both girls laughed at his discomfort. It was
  Gail that looked at him seriously for a moment and then stood up. She switched
  on the bedside light and then moved to the doorway and turned off the main
  light. 
Timothy watched her as she untied her plastic apron. Almost bewitched by her
  beauty he watched her as she pulled the apron over her head. He could not help
  looking at her in adoration as she sat by his side and gently laid her hands
  on his chest. 
�Poor Timmy� you have had a really awful day haven't you� never mind. I am
  going to let Susan give you a kiss goodnight and then I will do the same.� 
She turned and looked meaningfully at Susan. �I think we had better make sure
  that he is comfortable before we let him go to sleep, what do you think?� 
Susan moved to stand behind Gail. She knew that Timothy was watching as she
  lifted her apron over her head. Deliberately she undid a further two buttons
  at the top of her tunic, knowing that the sides of her breasts would be visible
  if she leaned forward. She tapped Gail gently on the shoulder and moved aside
  to let Gail stand up. Gently she sat down next to the naked boy. She took his
  face in her hands as she leaned over him. 
The soft light from the bedside lamp seemed to accent her beautiful face as
  she leaned towards him. The boy seemed almost mesmerised by her, as she pressed
  her soft naked breasts against his chest. She lowered her head and gently brushed
  her lips over his. She repeated the gesture several times until she felt Gail
  sit on the bed behind her. She looked deep into his eyes waiting until she
  saw him flinch suddenly. She knew that Gail had taken hold of his penis as
  she lowered her head and pressed her lips to his, kissing him gently. 
Timothy's heart pounded as Susan kissed him, her hand slipping down over his
  stomach and pubis. She could feel Gail's hand as it gently stroked his penis.
  She let her fingers trail between his legs gently lifting his scrotum as she
  delicately parted his lips with her tongue. Gently, almost reverently she slipped
  her tongue into his mouth, feeling his heart pound against her breasts as lovingly,
  she kissed him. Slowly she withdrew her lips and looked into his eyes. Close
  your eyes for a moment sweetie� until I tell you otherwise. She watched as
  he obediently did her bidding, his long eyelashes closing over his blushing
  cheeks. He lay with his eyes closed feeling the hand leave his penis and movement
  as both girls sat on the bed again. He could hear the rustling of clothes but
  nothing else. 
He felt a hand gently brush his cheek and Gail's voice as she whispered in
  his ear. It's time for my goodnight kiss now Timothy. Just lay quietly my sweet
  boy. Gail trailed her hand down over his torso, feeling him flinch as she carefully
  took hold of his penis. Susan immediately slipped one hand delicately between
  the cheeks of his bottom and slipped the other beneath his testicles. She waited
  until she saw Gail begin to slip the foreskin backwards and forwards over the
  rim of the glans. 
Gail looked into his eyes and lowered her head to his; she saw the look of
  pure love and supplication in his face as she closed her lips over his and
  pressed her breasts firmly against his pounding chest. 
Timothy's rapture knew no bounds as Gail kissed him. The beauty of her face
  as she lowered her head to his was firmly imprinted on his mind, to be kept
  forever. Her lips caressed his with the merest pressure. Her right hand controlled
  his sexual emotion as she slipped the foreskin up and down over the sensitive
  rim of his penis. Gradually she increased the firmness of her fingers, feeling
  his body respond almost imperceptibly. She gently teased her tongue through
  his lips as she scored the nails of her left hand over his sensitive nipple. 
She watched for each tell-tale sign of his growing arousal, measuring and
  responding to his every movement. His penis began to throb within her fingers
  as she delicately probed the inside of his mouth with her tongue. Even in the
  dim light Susan could see Gail suddenly hold out two fingers, the gesture accomplished
  without a break to the cadence of her constant stroking fingers over the boy's
  penis. Susan could see the head of his penis was pulsing with the desire. 
She took the tube of lubricant from her pocket and delicately insinuated the
  long nozzle of the tube up into the crease of his bottom until she found the
  sphincter. She squeezed the tube firmly, before slipping the slender nozzle
  through his sphincter. Gently she withdrew the tube and smeared her forefinger
  before slipping her hand back between the cheeks of his bottom. 
She began to stroke the puckered flesh of his sphincter, gently caressing
  the opening as she watched the boy respond with small gyrations to his hips. 
Gail could feel his body begin to tremble with desire as she gently lifted
  her lips from his and watched as he inhaled deeply. She held out her fingers
  again in an urgent sign to Susan as she lowered her head and closed her lips
  over his. She parted his lips with her tongue and quickly thrust into his mouth,
  feeling his chest rear up as Susan deftly penetrated his sphincter with her
  forefinger. Gail knew that the sensation of her kisses and her manipulation
  of his penis had brought the boy to the very edge of an ejaculation. She gave
  him no chance to breathe as firmly and inexorably explored his moth with her
  tongue, while her hand began to move rapidly over his throbbing penis. Again
  with outstretched fingers she signalled to Susan as she thrust her tongue deep
  into his mouth and squeezed his nipple firmly. 
Susan took her cue, thrusting her finger firmly up into his bottom, she jabbed
  his prostate with a series of firm prods. Letting his testicles go free as
  she reached into her pocket and quickly took the specimen-tube to the tip of
  his penis. 
Her hurried action was only just in time as the boy's penis erupted with a
  violent expulsion of semen into the neck of the tube. There was no sound from
  the boy as he arched his back violently, his chest heaving as Gail robbed him
  of his breath and his sanity. 
The girls held him in his violent throes of ejaculation; Susan jabbing his
  prostate deftly and skilfully� while Gail pumped his penis mercilessly, holding
  his lips captive against hers as she thrust her tongue deep into his mouth. 
One� two� three� four� she counted to herself until twenty seconds had passed.
  She could feel his chest pounding and his body tremble violently as she held
  in a suspended almost catatonic state of orgasm. 
�urggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� He gasped and groaned inwardly
  as suddenly Gail released his lips. Her hand flew up and down over his penis
  as she milked him of every vestige of his sanity. Susan felt the violent contractions
  of his sphincter against her finger as she mercilessly prodded his prostate
  until the boy suddenly tensed every muscle in his body. Every sinew became
  rigid as the boy spurted the last of his semen into the waiting container. 
Suddenly he went limp, almost as if he had fainted, his jaw hanging slack
  as he groaned with exhaustion at the intensity of the orgasm that the girls
  had cleverly wrung from his young body. 
�Poor baby� there now� poor baby.� Gail whispered to him as she kissed him
  gently on his parted lips� there� there. 
Susan delicately extricated her finger from his quivering bottom and stood
  up. She carried the specimen through to the bathroom and returned with a hot
  wash-cloth and warm towel. Gently she washed the boy as Gail Kissed him tenderly,
  stroking her hands over his chest and stomach as she soothed him. 
His breathing was gentle and even as Gail tenderly stroked his torso and kissed
  his young lips. 
Susan dried him, her gentleness causing him no distress as she dried his penis
  and testicles. Lovingly, she applied talcum powder to his penis and testicles
  and between the cheeks of his bottom, before she drew the bottom triangle of
  the diaper through his legs and placed it over his flaccid penis. She took
  the ends, and feeling around the bed for the pin, fastened him snugly into
  the nappy. 
She smiled as she looked at her handiwork, his perfectly formed body diapered
  as one would a young child. 
Gail kissed him one last time� her tongue reaching into every crevice of his
  mouth as she held him in rapture. 
She gently lifted her face from his, running her fingers softly over his eyelids,
  in a motherly gesture to keep them closed. Both girls looked down at his perfect
  form� smiling as they examined his diapering. 
They drew the covers up over him and tucked him in before turning off the
  bedside light. 
They had travelled by train, the short half hour journey being spent in the comfort
  of the first class Pullman car. Hazel had had the luxury of being able to observe
  the boy closely without his knowledge as he ate his sandwich which had been
  served to him on a silver tray by one of the smartly dressed waitresses. He
  was clearly impressed by the quality of service and the fine surroundings.
  She wondered how he would take the surprise that was in store for him at the
  doctor's office. 
Hazel had been quite impressed with the small brochure that had been sent
  along with Timothy's appointment card. She had not realised that Dr. Lucy Ashcroft
  belonged to such a prestigious private practice, or that their facilities were
  so comprehensive. 
Hazel had telephoned her mother and had a long conversation making sure that
  the date and time of the appointment would be suitable. 
After she had put Timothy to bed, she had visited Vicki Grant at her cottage
  next door and finalised the arrangements for their visit. It had been decided
  that Vicki would make her own way there and would meet up before Hazel arrived
  with the boy. They had also decided that the boy would not be informed of who
  would be there, or in fact any of the arrangements. 
The doctor's office consisted of large suite of rooms inside one of the newest
  and most exclusive business blocks in the area. Even Hazel could not help admiring
  the beautifully finished lettering and filigree work that was etched into the
  tinted glass of the double doors entrancing the building, as she ushered Timothy
  into the opulent foyer. 
She had dressed him in his school uniform, deciding that this would probably
  be the most suitable outfit for his visit to the large market town. She took
  his hand and held it firmly as she approached the raised dais that was the
  centrepiece of the marble floored reception area. To their right were two gold
  coloured elevator doors and beside them an ornate placard showing the various
  names and titles of the occupants to the floors above. 
There were several girls facing outward from the circular dais. Each girl,
  although different in looks and colouring, had a certain air of superiority.
  It would have been too much of a coincidence for so many pretty girls to be
  randomly chosen and Hazel rightly assumed that their particular good looks
  had been a prime requisite of employment as a receptionist at the business
  centre. 
The gleaming glass of the sculptured edifice was fashioned into partitions
  which allowed the client some audible privacy when stating the nature of their
  visit over the carved marble of the counter. Hazel advanced to the first empty
  partition and addressed the girl clearly and confidently. 
�I am visiting Dr. Lucy Ashcroft at the Berger Clinic and have an appointment
  with her for two-thirty. The appointment will be in the name of Timothy Althorpe,
  If you can confirm that for me and tell me where the office is situated?� 
The pin-striped suit that the girl was wearing was new and suited her ideally.
  The lapel had a simple gold badge which read. �Claire Jones'. Although the
  suit was not a designer label, Hazel noted that it was of excellent quality. 
The Girl moved her head to the side, carefully examining the exquisite appearance
  of Hazel as she spoke. Her attitude was pleasant and obliging as she smiled
  her acknowledgement and immediately looked to the flat screen of her computer.
  Hazel had the feeling that not only had she been carefully scrutinized, but
  that the young receptionist seemed impressed and somewhat intrigued by her
  appearance. 
�Ah yes� I can confirm that your appointment is at two-thirty. You will find
  that Dr. Ashcroft is very prompt and as such is not likely to keep you waiting.
  You can take the elevator to the second floor, where you will find her reception
  area. You are quite early, so you can either go straight up� or make use of
  the business centre executive lounge, which is situated through those doors
  to the right. There are hot beverages served continuously, as well as soft
  drinks.� 
Whether it was the way that the young girl looked Timothy up and down as he
  stood awkwardly at the counter, or the similarity to herself in style and demeanour
  Hazel could not be sure. But she was certain that the girl had a prurient interest
  in the physical aspect of her young charge. 
She looked at Hazel and smiled. The smart Chanel suit that Hazel was wearing
  had not gone unnoticed as the girl pushed forward a leather bound visitor's
  book. If you would fill this in It will only take a minute to book you into
  the building� you don't have to wear a badge�� she smiled conspiratorially
  as she continued, �it would be a shame to have to put a pin through such a
  lovely suit. Chanel� isn't it?� 
Hazel smiled, her teeth flashing brightly as she recognized the good natured
  envy of the pretty girl. �Yes it is!� She leaned forward, pulling Timothy further
  towards the counter I won't bother with the business area� I may have to undress
  Timothy and get him ready for his examination! Little boys can be so tardy
  when they have to be examined.� 
The girl looked at Hazel admiringly, raising her eyebrows in a pleasant gesture
  of surprise, before her pretty face moved sideways to examine Timothy. She
  saw that he was blushing profusely as she took note of the perfection of his
  features and the exquisite form of his young body. She smiled at him professionally,
  as he stood with his head bowed in shame. 
�I hope that there is nothing seriously wrong with him� is he a relative?� Hazel
  could tell by the girl's tone that there was a most definite interest in the
  young boy and that she would be delighted if she would go into further detail.
  She was almost certain that the receptionist was most interested in her role
  as the boy's temporary guardian. Instinctively she decided to add a few details
  and gauge the young girl's reaction. 
Hazel did not lower her voice or sound in the least conspiring, as she felt
  Timothy physically cringe at her reply. 
�Yes he is my young nephew� fortunately it's just a problem with his developing
  puberty. It just seems that all little boys get embarrassed and awkward when
  they are having their little genitals examined. I have an awful job with him
  when I have to bathe him or examine him. You wouldn't believe the fuss he made
  over his bath this morning. In the end I had to take his bare bottom over my
  knee and give him a sound spanking.� 
Had Timothy been able to look up at the girl amidst his confusion and utter
  embarrassment, he would have seen the look of wide eyed admiration and intrigue
  upon her pretty face. As it was, he could do nothing but look down at his feet
  and colour up to a bright and burning redness, which suffused his entire face. 
Hazel knew that the girl was absolutely enthralled by what she had heard.
  She did not look at her directly, but waited until she had finished filling
  in their details into the visitor's book. Suddenly she looked up and was rewarded
  with an unguarded expression of avid interest. The young receptionist looked
  at the boy, again her eyes travelling up and down his entire body. �He looks
  very fit and well� his body seems� er very well proportioned� er I can't imagine
  um� er what problems he could have with his erm� development.� 
Again Hazel did not disappoint. She could now clearly sense the young girl's
  interest, but also the exquisite embarrassment of Timothy as she took his hand
  firmly and made him stand straight. She moved her head closer to the young
  receptionist and gestured to the young boy. Timothy groaned in humiliation
  as the girls attention was turned towards him. 
�Well Timothy has been rather a naughty little boy in not telling anyone of
  his problem until it had developed into a painful complaint. His sexual development
  has been quite rapid, so much so that his testicles had become quite swollen
  and painful to the touch. It was discovered by accident when I had to take
  him for his school medical� although of he was well aware of a problem; he
  took it upon himself not to tell anyone about it. Now he has to have his semen
  extracted several times a day.� 
Hazel looked at the young girl, watching her surprise at the statement suddenly
  turn to an almost predatory instinct as she licked her lips and looked towards
  Timothy's groin area. Hazel was delighted as much with the boy's embarrassment,
  as with the obvious interest of the haughty young receptionist. She decided
  to continue, knowing full well that Timothy was suffused in embarrassment at
  her indiscrete and matter of fact description of his condition. 
Before Hazel could continue, the girl pre-empted her by asking the obvious
  question. �Oh my, that was naughty of Timothy not to tell anyone about his
  erm� condition. You say he has to have his erm� semen extracted� er, how is
  that done� I mean does he erm� do�? 
Hazel saved the girl from any further difficulty with her line of questioning. �No
  the doctor was of the same opinion as myself, that little boys should not be
  allowed to play with their penises. It can lead to clandestine activity that
  is not suitable for boys such as Timothy. Of course it can also lead to a malformed
  penis� and so I have the help of the nurses from Dr. Ashcroft's practice. Between
  us we are able to massage his prostate as well as the obvious manipulation
  to his penis. The benefit is that we are able to extract a large quantity of
  semen at one session, which consists of two ejaculations about twenty minutes
  apart.� 
Although Hazel's tone was quite matter of fact, she could see that the girl
  was beside herself with the intrigue of the conversation. Again she decided
  to embarrass the boy with further revelations. 
�I am afraid that he finds the treatment an embarrassment and I have to resort
  to punishment. Why don't you tell the lady how naughty you are Timothy� having
  to have your bare bottom spanked over my knees.� 
The girl gave Hazel a knowing look, her expression full of admiration for
  the authority she demonstrated over the young boy. 
Claire would have given anything right now to change places with Hazel, she
  could not help squeezing her long legs together behind the counter, as she
  looked the boy up and down with a more than casual interest. 
She could see that he was almost in tears with embarrassment as Hazel lifted
  his chin and made him look at her. Claire looked into his face, her expression
  kindly but aloof as she spoke. 
�You are a very lucky boy to have someone so competent to look after you.
  I would certainly smack your bare bottom for you if I was treating your penis
  and you suddenly decided to be a naughty little boy.� 
Hazel almost giggled as she realised that that was exactly what the young
  receptionist would love to do to the boy. Hazel decided to provide some sort
  of opportunity as she raised her head and looked at the young receptionist.
  Before she could speak the receptionist looked at her in earnest. 
If there is anything you need while you are here, please ask for me. My name
  is Claire Jones. If I am away from my desk, they will page me, that is if you
  ask for me personally. 
�I haven't introduced myself� I am called Hazel� and this obviously is little
  Timothy.� Timothy blushed immediately as Hazel described him as little. Such
  was his anguish and humiliation that he trembled from head to foot. Both girls
  seemed so aloof and authoritative that he wished a hole would appear in the
  floor and swallow him up. 
�We are travelling back to Bourne by train� I don't suppose you could find
  the time to enquire of the train service after five thirty � could you. You
  could perhaps telephone me at Dr. Ashcroft's office� or pop up if you are able
  to take a break. Thank you for all your help� I had better go and help prepare
  Timothy for his examination.� 
Claire immediately took her cue� her grasp of Hazel's meaning was all too
  clear to her. �My name is Claire� of course I can look up the trains� and if
  we are not to busy, I will write them all down for you and pop upstairs with
  them� if that would be alright.� 
�My mother's name is Claire; I have always thought that it is such a lovely
  name.� Hazel said, as she looked keenly at the girl. She gave one more clue
  before she turned and ushered |Timothy towards the elevator. 
�It should take me at least half an hour to get him booked in and then stripped
  and ready� I think sometime close after that would be opportune� that is very
  kind of you Claire� thank you!� 
Timothy was still blushing furiously as they stepped out of the elevator into
  a wide corridor that ended in double smoked glass doors with the simple but
  elegant script which read �The Berger Clinic'. Beneath the script was lists
  of doctors which Hazel noted were of many nationalities, the leading name being
  that of Dr. Helga Berger. In the middle of a list of about twelve names was
  that of Dr. Lucy Ashcroft. 
Hazel pushed open one of the doors and ushered Timothy through the opening
  before entering herself. The reception area was quite small with just one elegant
  desk, behind which, sat a young girl. 
The girl was dressed in a simple blouse of crisp white cotton. Her slender
  frame moved easily as she pushed back her chair and smiled at Hazel and Timothy
  her eyes lighting up through the thin owl-like spectacles she was wearing,
  with a confidence that belied her tender years. The striking feature to Hazel
  was that the young girl had no striking features� she was in fact perfect.
  Her young petite body was in perfectly symmetrical proportions� and her beautiful
  face, small articulate nose and small pretty mouth and lips were surrounded
  by the most exquisitely shaped face. Her jet black hair was tied back and fastened
  with a simple velvet bow; it shone with health under the very strong lighting
  of the office. 
The girl could have been no more than five feet tall, and yet her proportions
  perfectly matched her stature. 
�No� don't tell me.� She smiled engagingly. �You are Hazel and this is Timothy.
  Reception is ready for you. There are no forms to fill, as there are no charges
  for this visit. The person you were expecting is already with Dr. Ashcroft,
  so it is as simple as that. If you go through here�� She indicated the opaque
  glass beside her desk, �Cynthia and Susie will take care of you. Now is there
  anything I can do for you, perhaps some coffee and a juice for Timothy?� The
  young girl nodded her affirmation as Hazel smiled appreciatively. 
�Yes I would love some�� said Hazel, �and Timothy�� She looked enquiringly
  at the blushing boy. �Would you like an orange juice?� She turned to the receptionist
  without waiting for Timothy's reply. �An orange juice would be fine for Timothy.� 
The young receptionist got up from behind her desk and placed her hand on
  the silver push-bar of the door, revealing for the first time, the whole of
  her exquisite slender from. �Oh I forgot to ask you Hazel� are there any travel
  arrangements you would like me to make?� 
Hazel was pleased of the question. �Ah I almost forgot� Claire from the main
  reception centre downstairs was finding me the times of the trains back to
  Bourne. She said that she may have time to bring them upstairs. If she is able� would
  you show her through� I would like to thank her personally.� 
If the young receptionist understood the meaning behind Hazel's request, she
  covered it well, but at the same time made sure that Hazel was aware of her
  actions in case they would not suit. 
�I will show her through�even if you are busy at the time. I have met Claire;
  she is an extremely lovely girl. I could imagine that you would both have a
  lot in common. The young girl's clever phrasing told Hazel that should Claire
  appear in the next half hour, then her visit would be most rewarding. 
As they passed through the glass door into the reception area proper, Hazel
  was quite taken aback with the space and modernity of the room. Every piece
  of furniture and apparatus was of the highest quality, all beautifully made
  in stainless steel and glass. 
There were two desks spaced apart from Japanese styled screens, which were
  made of semi opaque glass rather than paper. The screens had been pulled apart,
  revealing a much larger room which had weighing scales and several pieces of
  medial paraphernalia, the centrepiece being an extremely modern and pneumatic
  powered, low profile examination couch. 
The examination couch looked ominous even to Hazel, with its stirrups already
  set high and wide as if eagerly awaiting a victim. The walls of the room were
  made up entirely of gleaming stainless steel frames which housed glass fronted
  cupboards. There were two clinical trolleys at each side of the examination
  couch, each holding a variety of instruments on their brilliant shiny surfaces.
  To the side of the room was another pair of opaque glass doors and next to
  them a single door which was made of smoked glass. This had the inscription �Consulting
  Rooms' lettered in the same style of script as that of the main vestibule. 
Both desks were occupied by young girls; both girls were slender and petite,
  having the same style and look as that of the girl that they had met in the
  preliminary reception. Hazel immediately thought that they could all be sisters� even
  triplets; such was the uncanny resemblance of the girls to each other. She
  thought how embarrassing it must be for Timothy to be stripped and examined
  in front of girls that looked almost as young as he did. Hazel was very much
  aware that their confidence far outweighed their apparent physical age. 
Hazel assimilated their appearance in an instance, realising that both of
  the girls were hardly five feet in stature and yet both their bodies were in
  perfect proportion to their height. As with the girl in reception, their skin
  was lightly tanned, certainly suggesting a recent visit abroad. 
They were both wearing the same style of round wire framed glasses, giving
  them a slightly studious but very authoritarian air. Hazel thought that for
  Doctor Helga Berger to have found three girls of such stunning good looks and
  uniquely perfect physical appearance, was either very good fortune or the result
  of a very intensive search. 
The girl facing Hazel and Timothy, was dressed in a white tunic which fitted
  her figure perfectly. Her small breasts pressed against the fine cotton, leaving
  no illusion to the fact that she was not wearing a bra. The other girl, who
  was dressed in an exquisite navy blue silk blouse, was obviously also without
  a bra. The silk profiled her small firm breasts, the firm shape of her pronounced
  nipples was visible to such an extent, that Hazel thought that perhaps Doctor
  Berger condoned and indeed supported the somewhat immodest and sexy charms
  of her meet and greet team. 
The young secretary, who was dressed in navy, smiled at Hazel but did not
  speak as she deferred to the clinical assistant.. 
The assistant stood up and approached Timothy. Her slender figure moved easily
  and sexily, her white clinical dress almost clinging to the firm contours of
  her lithe body. 
�Don't look so glum� I am sure Doctor Ashcroft will sort out your problems
  for you; you are such a sweetie that I am sure all the staff here will take
  special care of you. Now I am going to ask Hazel to get you undressed and then
  we can start you off.� 
Timothy blushed immediately, not that his face had been any thing but bright
  red before this immediate onslaught to his equilibrium. 
�I had better introduce ourselves before we start Hazel. I am Cynthia Jenkins,
  Dr. Berger's clinical assistant and this is Susie Jenkins, who handles all
  of our patient's paperwork. I handle many of Dr. Ashcroft's patients and clients� and
  we have a team of pool nurses who belong entirely to the clinic. They are specially
  trained and they look after our residential ward as well as helping with home
  visits and day patients.� 
Hazel was noting how attractive the young girl's features were as she continued. 
�You have met two of our nurses� Penny and Tina, before�� She smiled as she
  continued. �They told me all about you and described you as being a very capable
  young lady.� She smiled good humouredly at her description of Hazel. ��and
  so I think we understand the situation fairly well already. You will probably
  see them today as they are in base rather than on house-calls. I am sure that
  after today you will know Susie and Lisa equally as well, and myself of course.
  Certainly well enough to feel free to talk.� 
We are a twenty-four hour facility in that respect, so for instance, you can
  telephone at anytime� with problems or queries. 
Hazel smiled at Cynthia, she could not help remarking. �Am I to take it that
  you are sisters?� 
�Yes� it is hard not to notice the resemblance isn't it. I presume that Lisa,
  that is the girl you met in the outer office, did not bother to tell you that
  we are all sisters. Not of the same age I might add� Lisa is the youngest and
  then I� and then Susie, who is the oldest by a year.� 
Timothy could not help looking at the young secretary, perhaps in the forlorn
  hope that she would leave the room before he had to bare his body. Trembling
  with shame and indignation he allowed Hazel to slip his school blazer from
  his shoulders. 
He watched dumbly as Hazel hung the jacket on one of the several coat hangers
  which extended from a stainless steel rail behind the door. Below the hangers
  were a series of shiny steel shelves and below these, glass fronted cupboards. 
�Come along, don't just stand there� off with your shoes and socks. You are
  not going to be deliberately troublesome are you Timothy?� 
Timothy suddenly jerked into action, glumly bending upon one knee, as he began
  to unlace his shoes. He could not stop his hands from trembling as he took
  off his shoes and peeled the socks from his feet. As he stood up, Hazel immediately
  took the shoes and socks from him and placed them upon one of the shelves. 
Treating him as if he was a small child she stood in front of him. �Come along� chin
  up� that's the way. Her beautiful face was only inches from his as she undid
  his tie and then began to undo his shirt buttons. 
She dropped down on one knee and without preamble undid his belt, brushing
  his hands aside as he involuntarily tried to protect his modesty. �Keep your
  hands by your sides Timothy,,, I want no false modesty now.&quot; 
Her words added to his shame as Timothy felt his trousers being pulled down
  to his knees. He could not help looking at the two young girls, acutely aware
  of their presence as he was summarily stripped. To his dismay they were both
  looking at him, the clinical assistant watching Hazel intently as she lifted
  his legs and divested him of his trousers. 
Hazel stood upright and looked Timothy in the eye, holding his attention as
  she placed the palms of both her hands side by side against his bared chest.
  She let her fingers deliberately caress the sensitive nub of each nipple as
  she slid her hands outwards, revealing his chest and shoulders as the shirt
  eventually slipped down over his arms. She reached around him, her cheek pressing
  against his, as she released him from the garment. She could feel his body
  tremble at her close contact with his bared flesh. 
She deliberately left him standing in just his underpants as she leisurely
  hung up his clothes, carefully aligning the crease of his trousers before placing
  them over the hanger rail. 
�Hands on your head now Timothy and stand up straight. You don't want to be
  thought of as a slouch do you?� 
The next few moments were a nightmare for Timothy as he moved his hands to
  his head, aware that Hazel had moved to stand behind him. He shivered; his
  body shuddering visibly as she deliberately placed her cool hands on either
  side of his waist and turned his body so that he was facing the desk of the
  young secretary. 
He felt almost faint as she repositioned his hands so that his palms were
  placed flat upon his head. He could not help blushing profusely, his cheeks
  burning with shame as he caught the eye of the young secretary as she sat primly
  at her desk, looking at him as if the baring of his body was of no consequence
  to her. 
Quite nonchalantly Hazel stroked her hands delicately under his forearms,
  letting her fingers caress his flesh all the way down from underneath his arms
  to the sides of his body and eventually, to his waist. She waited for a moment,
  with her hands placed teasingly against his slim hips. She made sure that he
  could feel her fingers touching the waistband of his underpants, her intimate
  touch heralding his forthcoming moment of shame and humiliation. 
He could feel her soft breasts caress his back as her body sensuously slid
  downwards against his. He waited in trepidation, holding his breath as she
  knelt down behind him. Slowly and deliberately she slipped her slender fingers
  beneath the elasticated waist and with one quick movement, deftly slid his
  underpants down to his knees. 
Timothy felt mortified as he felt the cool air of the room immediately caress
  his most private parts. He trembled in utter shame as Hazel bared him like
  a prize animal to the gaze of the two young girls. 
Hazel had felt the waistband snag momentarily against his genitals as she
  had bared his penis and testicles to the view of the young girls. She guessed
  that his penis had already started to engorge as a result of her deliberately
  arousing him by sensuously touching his sensitive young body. 
She left the underpants with the elastic stretched around his knees, knowing
  how foolish he would feel, suddenly bared to their view like a young child
  with his underpants halfway down his legs. 
Timothy could not help looking at the young secretary to see if she had observed
  his shaming. To his utter dismay, he saw that she was examining his genitals
  without any show of sympathy for his embarrassment. He turned his head away
  in absolute anguish, acutely aware that his penis was beginning to erect. He
  fought hard against the almost overwhelming desire to clasp his hands over
  his genitals. 
Try as he might, he could not help himself from looking in utter anguish toward
  the nurse who had moved to the side and was clinically observing his naked
  form. 
�Let's have these off shall we Timothy.� Hazel stood up and moved around him
  looking down at his bared genitals. She was delighted to see that his penis
  although not yet erect, was already tumescent and twitching as it became engorged.
  Instead of removing his pants immediately, she put her hand under his chin
  and raised his head and looked into his eyes. 
�Now you have been a good little boy so far, so try not to spoil your copybook.
  I want you to obey the nurse and do as you are told quickly and without a fuss.
  Will you promise to do that for me Timothy?� 
He blushed as he looked at her beautiful face. The humiliation of being bared
  to Hazel and the two girls was almost too much to bear. He trembled and blushed
  to a bright crimson. He shuddered visibly as Hazel knelt down in front of him,
  her hair brushing against his penis as she slipped the garment down to his
  ankles and lifted his feet one by one, completely removing his underpants. 
The clinical nurse moved to stand in front of him, as Hazel placed his underpants
  on the shelves behind him. She looked up at him, her pretty face searching
  his as she reached forward and cupped her hand beneath his testicles. 
Gently she lifted the scrotum, her fingers carefully rolling the swollen testes
  within the tightened sac. She looked at him as if she were daring him to comment,
  her fingers almost playing with the very core of his emotions. 
After a moment, she gently removed her hand from his testicles. It had seemed
  like an eternity to Timothy as her soft fingers had held him so intimately.
  Cynthia had been careful not to touch his penis, preferring to see what sort
  of erection his errant member was capable of without any further external stimulation. 
Timothy did not see Susie, the young secretary, press the buzzer on her desk
  to call for the nurses. He nearly jumped out of his skin as the double doors
  slid open silently revealing Tina and Penny dressed in crisp white tunics. 
Tina was pushing a very modern I.V. stand from which hung a large clear plastic
  bag and a large reel of transparent plastic tubing. The bag was bulging and
  was obviously filled to the brim. The liquid glistened as Tina wheeled the
  trolley under the strong overhead lighting. Behind her Penny carried a tray
  with a very large single syringe upon it. 
Hazel smiled a greeting to the two young nurses as they paraded through the
  room towards the examination couch. 
Before Timothy could react the clinical assistant had moved forward and put
  her arm around his waist. �Come along Timothy, we had better get you prepped.� 
Without further explanation she ushered him to the low examination couch. �Come
  along now, sit up on the end � you can take your hands down now� there that's
  the way.� 
The next few minutes were a blur of utter humiliation and embarrassment as
  the girl made him sit on the very edge of the end of the couch with his legs
  hanging down. Without warning she placed her hand on his chest and made him
  lie back. Before he could protest she had taken his arms and placed them so
  that they were laid out above his head. 
He blushed as she took one of his legs and quickly and expertly raised it
  high and wide until she was able to place it in one of the stirrups. She moved
  around the couch to the other side and took his other leg. �Relax sweetie,
  let your leg go slack� there that's the way.� Timothy groaned as she raised
  his other leg� seemingly stretching it to an almost impossible position as
  she placed it in the other stirrup. 
He could not believe how humiliating his position was as he looked down to
  see that his bottom was well raised from the surface of the bed and his legs
  stretched so widely apart that his bottom as well as his genitals were rudely
  exposed for all to see. He felt even more ashamed as the hiss of pneumatic
  air raised the bed so that his body was placed at an angle that was just a
  little below the girl's shoulder height. 
There could not have been a worse moment for Timothy to look across the room
  as the door opened and the first receptionist, Lisa, appeared carrying a silver
  tray upon which had been placed a tall glass of orange juice and three modern
  steel containers. He groaned in an involuntary expulsion of utter dismay as
  the girl approached him and stood by his side. She placed the tray on top of
  the trolley and touched her fingers to his burning cheek as she looked at him
  through her round wire framed spectacles. 
Even if her words been composed by a psychologist; they could not have been
  better chosen to inflict the maximum amount of embarrassment upon the prostrated
  boy. 
�Oh dear Timothy, you are all bare with your legs spread wide open� I don't
  think you are going to be very comfortable drinking your orange juice in that
  position.� She trailed her fingers down from his cheek and over his chest,
  cheekily tracing a circle with her forefinger around his navel. 
She leaned forward so that her face was only inches from his. �Never mind
  sweetheart you can probably drink it after the nurse has inserted the nozzle
  up into your little bottom. She stood up and addressed Hazel. �Shall I make
  your cup for you? How would you like it� perhaps milk and one spoon of sugar?� 
Hazel nodded towards the pretty young girl. �Yes that would be perfect, thank
  you!� 
The girl looked intently at the boy's bared genitals, casually placing her
  hand on his hip as she spoke to Hazel. She was well aware that the boy was
  looking at her nervously as her fingers moved dangerously close to the tip
  of his penis. 
�He is very well developed for such a young boy. I can see that his testicles
  are really enlarged. Quite an unusual condition isn't it! Never mind I am sure
  that the doctor will sort him out.� She took her hand from the boy and picked
  up the tray, looking down at him as she prepared to leave. 
�Never mind sweetie, I am sure that we will soon have your little penis milked
  and your testicles emptied. So just lie back and relax and let yourself be
  taken care of.� 
Timothy almost grunted with relief as her hand left the sensitive area of
  his body. He watched her in acute embarrassment as she went to the other side
  of the room and placed the tray on one of the desks. 
Hazel watched Cynthia as she stood between the boys's widely spread legs and
  gently smoothed her hands over the inner flesh of his bottom crease. She could
  see the sphincter muscle recoil as the petite young nurse grazed her fingertips
  over the puckered flesh. 
�His bottom is a little tight, nothing unusual about that in a young boy though.� She
  placed her hands firmly on either cheek and stretched the flesh until the sphincter
  opened. Timothy grunted and groaned, almost in fear of what was to come. 
�Oooohhhh hooo huh� hoo� 
Hazel watched in fascination at the efficient way that the slender young girl
  had handled Timothy. She gazed at his young body, delighted at the view of
  him as he lay on the couch, stretched wide and open for whatever humiliation
  was to come. 
Cynthia Jenkins took the syringe as Penny held out the tray. 
�Look Hazel, I want to show you this.� Cynthia moved towards Hazel and held
  the syringe up to her view. 
The transparent blue plastic of the barrel was eight inches long and two inches
  in diameter. It was fully filled with a clear gel, leaving the stem and the
  ring handle of the plunger fully expanded. 
What interested Hazel the most was the nozzle; which was made up of a slender
  rigid tube, six inches long. The tip widened to an unusually large egg shaped
  sphere. The sphere had indented sculptured holes all around the perimeter with
  one large hole at the very tip. 
�You can see that when I depress the plunger�.� She pressed the oval handle
  gently� �Lubricating gel is not only expelled from the tip but it also oozes
  out of the holes at the side� it makes anal lubrication so much easier.� 
Hazel watched the gel ooze out from all of the holes with a larger amount
  seeping from the tip. Not only was Hazel impressed by the syringe but also
  by the nonchalant way that the young clinical assistant described so casually,
  what would be an embarrassing and humiliating experience for the young boy. 
Cynthia took the syringe over towards Timothy, beckoning Hazel to observe
  her actions. Hazel noted that Penny was leaning over the opposite end of the
  couch and holding Timothy's hands, while Tina stood at his side with both the
  palms of her hands gently resting on his chest. 
Nonchalantly Cynthia cupped her hand underneath his testicles and lifted them,
  almost weighing them in the palm of her hand. Seemingly satisfied she casually
  flipped his plump penis sideways with the tips of her fingers and patted it
  so that it lay on the lower part of his stomach with the tip pointing upwards
  towards his navel. 
�Take a nice deep breath sweetie.� She said nonchalantly as she placed the
  syringe between the widely spread cheeks of his bottom, pressing the nozzle
  firmly against his sphincter. 
�Ooohhhh� hooo� Timothy shuddered as the cold syringe touched the incredibly
  sensitive flesh of the entrance to his anus. 
Hazel was fascinated as Cynthia depressed the plunger until the outer flesh
  of his sphincter was well smeared with grease. Without further warning to the
  young boy, she pushed the barrel of the syringe firmly, stretching the opening
  until the egg shaped nozzle slipped upwards and dissappeared completely into
  his bottom. 
�Ooohhhh� arggghhhh oooohhhhhh oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh.� 
Timothy groaned as he was quickly impaled by the device. He gasped again as
  Cynthia quite casually depressed the plunger fully. She seemed almost detached
  as the boy tried to rear up from the sensation of the cool gel filling his
  anus. 
�There we are� that wasn't so bad was it.� Her movements were so quick and
  practised that Hazel only just managed to observe the procedure as Cynthia
  pulled the empty syringe from his bottom and took a large phallic shaped enema
  nozzle from the trolley at the side of the couch. The shape of the enema nozzle
  looked almost like a replica of a torpedo, but had a narrower section just
  before the base which was contoured to fit against the exterior of the sphincter.
  On the back of the flange was a metal tube, which was stepped in different
  widths so that a tube could be pushed on to it. 
Hazel watched as Penny suddenly gripped Timothy's hands tightly and Tina pressed
  down on his chest. Cynthia, without warning the boy, centred the slender tip
  and pushed the device through the opening of his bottom. Hazel could not believe
  how widely the sphincter was stretched as the whole device was thrust upward
  into his bottom, until the sphincter found relief by closing over the narrowed
  section, sucking the flange tightly against his violated opening. 
�Ummmpppphhhhh� arggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� Timothy groaned and moaned
  in anguish and torment. He tried to rear up but was held gently but firmly
  by the two nurses. 
�Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh� hooo hooo.� He shook his head from side to side
  as he tried to accommodate the intense sensation of being penetrated so deeply.
  The pressure inside him was all consuming; he could feel his penis throbbing
  as the nozzle pressed firmly against his prostate. He turned his head to the
  side in shame and anguish as he saw the tip of his penis lift up and began
  to bounce up and down of it's own volition, slapping against his stomach. 
Cynthia did not seem at all perturbed by the boy's anguish. She merely patted
  him on the quivering cheeks of his bottom. �Now Timothy try not to make a fuss,
  I am just going to inject some liquid into you. Be a brave boy and keep still,
  Tina will rub your tummy as the water goes inside you.� 
She turned her head towards Hazel. 
�Little boys always seem to erect fully when they have their bottoms penetrated.
  Casually she reached forward and held the rigid flesh of his penis between
  finger and thumb, drawing the foreskin back until the head was fully exposed.� Yes
  the flesh is pulsing quite dramatically, for such a little boy.� 
Hazel knew that the almost scathing words from the nurse were for Timothy's
  benefit, rather than her own. She looked at his face to see him flushing a
  bright red, his abject expression, a picture of shame and humiliation. 
As Hazel turned to watch she noticed that Susie was standing by her side,
  she was even more surprised as she felt Susie's petite hand slip under her
  jacket and slide around her waist, squeezing her tightly. She could feel the
  hardened nipples of the girl's small breasts press against her arm as the Susie
  stood on tiptoe and whispered intimately into her ear. 
�Isn't he a darling boy� just a sumptuously perfect body� don't you think?
  I just love to see them squirm when their little bottoms are penetrated, don't
  you?� 
Hazel could not help smiling as the girl slid her hand back from under her
  jacket, impudently smoothing her hand over Hazel's bottom cheeks as both girls
  turned their attention back to Cynthia. 
They watched as she attached the tube to the enema nozzle that was protruding
  from between the quivering cheeks of the boy's bottom. The movement of the
  large nozzle made him groan as Cynthia nonchalantly pushed the tube firmly
  over the stepped metal attachment. 
�Ooooohhhhh arggghhhh.� He tried to move his body, only to have the naive
  gyrations of his body stifled by the two young nurses. 
�Relax sweetie, it will all be over soon.� Cynthia said brightly as she turned
  the tap that was attached to the centre of the coil of tubing, watching clinically
  as the liquid rushed down the transparent plastic piping on it's way into his
  bottom. 
Lisa, who had finished making coffee approached the examination couch and
  stood at the opposite side to Tina. Gently she placed her hand on the boy's
  cheek and made him look at her as the water suddenly entered his bottom. 
He opened his mouth wide and groaned as the water gushed into him. �Argggggggggghhhhhhhhhh� ooohhhhh� hoooooOOOO� 
He tried to turn his head but Lisa held his cheek, watching his anguished
  expression as inexorably the water filled his stomach. Nonchalantly she stroked
  her hand over his tummy, her fingertips deliberately brushing against the head
  of his penis as she moved her hand in a circular motion. 
Hazel realised that all three sisters were relishing the turmoil of the young
  boy, and yet their outward appearance was that of clinical detachment. 
Cynthia tuned to Hazel and explained the procedure. �He won't need a rinsing
  enema as the nozzle churns the water up with the pressure form the bag being
  raised so high. I will make him retain it for about ten minutes, so now would
  be a good time to get your coffee. Cynthia completely ignored the boy's moans
  of anguish as the water jetted into his insides, making him squirm against
  the firm hold of Penny and Tina. 
Hazel could not resist moving between the boy's legs as Cynthia moved away.
  She leaned forward and made sure that she had his attention. 
�Now Timothy, keep still and stop making so much fuss, otherwise I shall take
  you over my knee and smack you until the cheeks of your little bottom are bright
  red� and I shall do it in full view of everyone. Now tell me� are you going
  to be good and take your medicine like a brave little boy?� 
Hazel could not remember ever having seen him as embarrassed as he was now.
  His face was almost purple as he stammered a reply. 
�Oh� pleeeeease misss, noooo, er� I will be good I promise.� 
�Well I hope so Timothy.� Hazel stood back and looked at him; his legs stretched
  wide apart and his erect penis bobbing up and down as he was held immobile
  by Tina and Penny. Lisa nonchalantly circled his tummy, her dainty fingers
  brushing the tip of his penis occasionally as if it was of no consequence.
  Hazel heard her whisper to the boy as she moved away to get her coffee. �There
  we are just over half still to go� and then you can have your orange juice� now
  won't that be nice.� 
Timothy's groans were much louder than Lisa's voice as the water continued
  gushing into him. 
�Ooohhh ahhhh argghhh Hoooo� ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh.� 
It was over twenty minutes later that Timothy had been led by Tina and Penny,
  through the double sliding doors that partitioned the wet area. He had been
  unceremoniously sat upon the toilet, while Penny had reached between his legs
  and nonchalantly pulled the large enema nozzle from his bottom. He had almost
  stood upright with the acute sensation, but was immediately held down firmly
  upon the seat by Tina, who knew exactly what his reaction would be. He had
  had to sit there shamefaced, looking up at the two nurses as they watched him
  expel the large volume of water. 
He was made to feel like a young child as Tina reached between his legs and
  wiped his bottom with a tissue, before making him stand, so that she could
  examine the contents of the bowl. 
Timothy could not help looking around the spotlessly clean room which was
  very large, containing the very best of bath and toilet facilities. There were
  two large square tubs set in the floor, each extending to two feet high. The
  white square sculptured porcelain was obviously designed for the patient to
  be standing. There were stainless steel rails overhead with which a patient
  could steady him or herself. Above this, high into the ceiling, was set a modern
  hoist which could harness a patient to alleviate their body weight. 
The baths were unique in that the water was heated or cooled beneath the main
  floor of the bath. This meant that patient's baths would always remain at the
  same temperature and at the same level of water, no matter how long the patient
  remained in the bath. 
Several flexible chromium plated hoses were attached to panels at the side
  of the baths. Each hose had a different attachment at its extremity. Some of
  the attachments looked quite ominous, with bullet shaped heads and long stems
  with bulbous nozzles. The room was extremely well lit, making the metal and
  porcelain apparatus shine brightly. 
There was a rail at the side of the bath upon which were hung an assortment
  of paddle shaped sandalwood brushes and pumice stone surfaced defoliators.
  The backs of the paddle shaped implements were unpolished, giving them an organic
  look of which any modern designer would have been proud. 
Timothy shuddered as Tina and Penny stood at either side of him and led him
  to the first of the two baths. He could see that the bath had already been
  half-filled with water. He could not believe how humiliated he felt as the
  girls handled him as if he were a small child rather than a teenager. 
When Hazel had finished her coffee and picked up her handbag from the desk,
  she walked through to see that Timothy had been made to stand upright in one
  of the square baths. His feet were immersed in about ten inches of water, his
  arms stretched above his head as he held one of the support rails above him. 
His face was a picture of utter humiliation as he stood naked, his tumescent
  penis hanging down over his plump scrotum. His feet were placed well apart
  allowing easy access to his bottom and genitals. Hazel knew that he would never
  have positioned himself in such a revealing stance and presumed rightly, that
  he had been made to stand in that position by Penny and Tina. 
It was Susie who walked in behind Hazel and whispered to her. �Just come with
  me Hazel.� The girl led Hazel through an open side door and quickly closed
  the door behind them. The room was a dressing room; again the clinic seemed
  to have every facility as Hazel noted the comfortable chairs and wall length
  mirrored dressing table which was divided into several stations. Each station
  had its own sink, makeup draws and lighted magnifying mirror. The mirror extended
  so that it could be used at almost any angle. On the opposite wall were a series
  of glass fronted wardrobes containing whole rails of clinical coats, aprons
  and assorted uniforms. The rest of the room was completely mirrored from floor
  to ceiling. 
Susie turned to Hazel, her face bright with an amused expression as she placed
  her hand upon the lapel of Hazel's suit jacket. �Slip your jacket off sweetheart� and
  I will get you an apron to wear.� 
�Why do you want me to wear an apron, do you intend for me to bathe Timothy?
  I thought that Penny and Tina would be taking care of him.� 
Susie looked at Hazel seriously. The perfection of her features again making
  Hazel wonder about the three sisters. She looked closely at the young secretary,
  again admiring the absolutely perfect symmetry of her petite face and body.
  Although the girl was small and dainty, Hazel noted that she did not wear high
  heels. Hazel realised that the girl took pleasure in being small, accenting
  the fact by wearing flat soled rope sandals, the soft binding criss-crossing
  her beautifully lightly tanned legs, almost to the knee. 
It must be utterly humiliating Hazel thought for such a young girl of diminutive
  proportions to have complete charge of a male patient. Hazel stood and waited
  for the girl to reply to her question. 
Susie stood, with her legs astride, pondering for a moment as if to reflect
  on what she was to say next. At last she spoke, deciding perhaps that she could
  entrust Hazel with the information. 
�I want to watch you bathe the boy. It is as simple as that I want to see
  you wash his penis and testicles� and spread his buttocks� and pop your finger
  up into his delicious little bottom. It is as simple as that� I want to watch
  you handle him� intimately.� 
�But you could bathe him yourself, if you would like to.� Hazel said as she
  looked 
at her, studying her face� seeing the almost mischievous expression in her
  eyes as she looked up at her through the large wire framed glasses. 
�No it's not the same; I want to watch you do it.� The girl looked at her
  earnestly. �If you had good reason to take his bare little bottom over your
  knee and smack his beautiful cheeks� I think that I would cum right there and
  then.� 
Hazel raised her eyebrows at the girl's revelation but did not disappoint
  her. She understood that the girl knew her own sexual predilection, just as
  well as hazel knew hers. 
She slipped off her jacket, to have it quickly taken by Susie who was ready
  with a proper yolk shaped wooden hanger. Susie looked at her, quite openly
  examining her firm breasts, which filled the silk of her blouse. Without warning
  the young girl placed her hand intimately over Hazel's right breast, her fingers
  immediately toying with the mound of her nipple. 
�You have scrumptious breasts� do you want to keep your bra on? I love to
  use one of the wrap-around aprons when I bathe young boys, so that I can be
  naked beneath. You can't see through them, but they are so thin that you can
  feel the boy's skin against your nipples when you rub against his body� its
  delicious.� 
Hazel could not help showing her surprise at the openness of the young girl.
  Susie was without doubt completely and freely open about her sexuality. Hazel
  was so taken aback that it was moments before she realised that the girl had
  released one of the buttons of her blouse. She felt the young secretary's slender
  fingers slip inside and quickly find her nipple beneath the low bra she was
  wearing. 
Hazel looked at her� and bent her head low, suddenly kissing the young girl
  on the lips. She let her kiss linger for a moment before she laughingly chided
  the young secretary. �Alright� alright Susie� leave me and let me get changed.� 
Hazel laughed as she extricated the girl's hand and began to unbutton her
  own blouse. She was aware of the girl's prurient interest as she stripped off
  her blouse and then her bra. She handed the garments to the waiting girl as
  she unbuttoned her skirt and stood in just her panties, her tanned bared legs
  needing no stockings or panty-hose. 
Susie looked at Hazel's breasts with good natured envy, admiring the firm
  plump flesh and the sexy way that the nipples tilted upwards impudently. 
Hazel was at the same time admiring the body of the young secretary. She realised
  that her waist narrowed to an almost impossible slenderness, her stomach flattening
  to beautifully shaped hips. As Hazel looked at her she could see that the girl
  was blatantly looking down at her panties. 
Susie sighed in awe of Hazel's magnificent body, Her breath drawing in deeply
  through her exquisite lips as she continued her examination of Hazel's almost
  naked body. 
Hazel's panties were so sheer and tapered that the plump shaven mound of her
  pubis was visible at either side of the garment. Susie looked at her admiringly. 
�You are really beautiful Hazel� I mean really beautiful.� Hazel thought for
  a moment that Susie was going to touch her again, but was surprised when the
  girl turned to the cupboards and extracted a white cotton tunic. 
Even before she had handled the garment, Hazel could see that the cotton was
  so fine that you could almost see through it. As she tried it for size, she
  realised, rather too late, that she could actually see the pink of her flesh
  through the material as it pressed against her body. 
The tunic fitted perfectly and Hazel fastened the belt taught around her waist.
  She could see from the mirrored wall that it accented her figure to perfection. 
She took the transparent apron from Susie's proffered hand and slipped it
  over her head and tied the long cord twice around her waist. 
�Well Susie, do I pass muster?� 
The look on Susie's face told Hazel all she needed to know. �He will die of
  shame when he sees you dressed like that. Imagine� if you were a young boy
  standing naked, with your legs spread apart� and you saw this�� She turned
  Hazel towards the mirror, so that she could clearly see the beautiful and formidable
  apparition she made in the glass. �Just look at that image�knowing that she
  was coming to bathe you�imagine the shame! It will be unbearable for him� 
Susie pressed her hand to the juncture of her thighs and shivered, completely
  oblivious to Hazel's raised eyebrows at her display of open sexuality. 
�Do me one more favour� Don't come out for a moment. I want to watch his face
  when he sees you, dressed like that for the first time; you only need to give
  me a couple of minutes. First I think I will just add a little spice of my
  own.� 
Hazel watched as the girl undid the top two buttons of her sheer silk blouse
  and turned her body in front of her�first to one side and then to the other.
  Hazel could see both the firm contour of each breast in turn, but could also
  see glimpses of the darkened erect flesh of her nipples. She reached forward
  and slipped her hand beneath the flap, smoothing her palm over the young girl's
  right breast. She pressed gently, feeling the firm resilience of the perfectly
  formed mount, before exploring the hardened nub of the nipple as she ran her
  fingers lightly over it. 
Susie looked at her, the innocence of her expression belying the deep and
  devious sexuality beneath. Hazel withdrew her hand as a shiver ran through
  the young secretary's body, making her quiver from head to toe. 
�He'll die of shame.� She turned and opening the door, passing through it
  before shutting it firmly behind her. 
His feet still spread widely apart in the warm water of the bath. He clung
  with both hands to the bar above his head as his body trembled and shook in
  utter embarrassment each time that the nurses or receptionist entered the room.
  Seemingly he had been all but ignored for the last ten minutes, as the young
  nurses busied themselves with their work. Cynthia as well as Lisa had walked
  into the room several times, carrying instruments or other paraphernalia. Had
  Timothy known that the preparation that the nurses were carrying out was entirely
  for his benefit, he might have been even more concerned and embarrassed as
he was at the present time. 
His penis although not erect had been cleverly kept engorged by the subtle
  actions of the young nurses. Tina had been the first to see that his penis
  was perhaps wilting under the long period without attention. She had stood
  in front of him and admonished him as if it was the first time that she had
  noticed that his penis was somewhat engorged. 
�Really Timothy, what on earth is the matter with you young boys. I would
  have thought that you would have had far more control over your emotions than
  this!� Nonchalantly she had taken hold of his penis, and deftly retracted the
  foreskin until he was fully exposed� his face a bright red testimony to the
  shame he felt. 
�I hope we are not going to have any juvenile nonsense from you today. Have
  you been playing with your penis� come along answer me! She had pulled the
  foreskin forward and then pushed it back down the shaft, stretching the skin
  so tightly, that Timothy felt utterly exposed and humiliated. Her hands continued
  the action as her words further inflamed his utter humiliation. She cupped
  his testicles and while still holding his penis looked into his eyes. 
�You are a naughty little boy, touching your own penis! What a naughty little
  boy you are. I have a good mind to smack this little bottom of yours.� With
  those words she had reached between his legs and tapped her hand against the
  cheeks of his bottom. 
The handling of his genitals had had the desired effect� and as Tina let him
  go, she smiled to herself as she observed his penis standing rigidly outwards
  from between his legs. The flesh throbbed of its own volition as she stood
  looking into his eyes; she tapped it several times, chiding and belittling
  him. 
�If Hazel sees you playing with yourself, she will have no hesitation in taking
  you across her knees and spanking your bared bottom until your little cheeks
  are bright red.� 
Each girl had in turn made sure that his embarrassment and sexual stimulation
  continued unabated. As the girls entered the room each had acknowledged him
  as if he were a young child. Their words and actions cleverly designed to keep
  him on edge. It seemed a like a nightmare and he could not help himself shivering
  visibly as he fully realised his position. The very thought that the girls
  could look at him as they wished, while he had to stand there naked and open
  to their inspection made his stomach shiver. 
His shame and humiliation had known no bounds when Lisa had entered and looked
  straight at his penis and testicles. �I would have thought your penis would
  have subsided by now� what on earth can you be thinking about for it to be
  so stiff and pointy.� The young receptionist had walked straight up to him
  and looked at him quite directly, as she reached forward with her hand. He
  had looked at her helplessly, almost pleadingly, only to feel her soft cool
  fingers envelope his flesh as she nonchalantly took a firm hold of his penis
  before weighing it in the palm of her dainty hand and tapping the underneath.
  She watched his embarrassment as she let him go, seeing that his penis had
  erected fully again. She smiled at him, almost mischievously before she turned
  and walked through to the other room. 
It seemed utterly embarrassing to Timothy that a young girl, who was smaller
  and certainly did not seem much older than himself, could handle his naked
  body as she saw fit. 
He stood in shame and silence; his arms outstretched and his hands gripping
  the rail above him. Occasionally he looked down, only to see to his utter dismay
  that his penis was still engorged. He was in such a state that he nearly jumped
  out of his skin when Susie exited the dressing room and walked towards him. 
Susie thrilled as she saw the young boy standing in utter embarrassment with
  his arms stretched out above his head and his legs spread widely apart. She
  would have loved to have embarrassed him further by physically touching him;
  instead she reserved herself the greater pleasure. 
�Right young man, you are going to be bathed and then taken through to see
  the doctor. Hazel will be coming to bathe you, so you know what is in store
  for you, should you misbehave. Don't you?� 
Timothy looked at the young girl, his face a bright red manifestation of utter
  embarrassment. His bottom lip trembled as he looked at her, acutely aware of
  his own humiliating nakedness. 
�Well Timothy� tell me what will hazel do to you, should you decide to be
  a naughty little boy and misbehave!� 
Timothy shivered, his body quivering visibly as he looked at the girl in utter
  shame. 
�Er she will smack me miss.� 
�No Timothy, tell me exactly what she will do.� Susie was delighted with her
  line of questioning and the utter embarrassment of the boy as she chided him. 
�Oh er� pleeeease misss. Er� erm� she will take me over her knee and smack� erm
  my bottom.� 
The answer thrilled Susie� who had not quite finished with her embarrassment
  of the young boy. 
�Yes Timothy, she will take your bared little bottom over her knee� and smack
  you until your cheeks are bright red. You know that, don't you Timothy?� 
The boy quaked with embarrassment as the girl looked him straight in the eyes.
  He felt so humiliated as he looked back at her. Her authoritative demeanour
  was enhanced by her demure perfectly made-up face and petite body which was
  beautifully dressed in blue silk blouse and matching skirt. Had he met her
  in normal circumstances, he would have been totally embarrassed and made awkward
  by her loveliness. But now� the contrast between his abject nakedness and her
  perfectly groomed appearance, made him feel so utterly foolish and humiliated
  that he could hardly bear the shame. 
The girl watched his face closely as she heard the door to the dressing room
  open. She could see the startled, almost fearful look upon his face, as he
  stared across the room at Hazel. 
Susie would have loved to have turned towards Hazel to watch her, but did
  not want to miss any part of the thrill observing the young boys trepidation.
  Susie felt Hazel almost brush past her as she purposefully approached the naked
  boy. 
Susie was absolutely enthralled as she watched Hazel look up at him. She noticed
  his penis suddenly throb involuntarily. She knew that his acute stimulation
  was the result of the boy being in such close proximity to such a beautiful
  girl. His throbbing penis did not go unnoticed by Hazel either. Rather than
  take hold of the errant member, she casually placed her hand on his hip, ignoring
  his penis which was bobbing upward, before dropping back and then repeating
  the movement. 
She could see from his face that he was utterly embarrassed and confused by
  his reluctant sexual stimulation. She patted his hip and looked into his eyes,
  seeing the look of dread upon his face as he stood shivering in front of her. 
He really is beautiful, she thought as he stood trembling before her. Hazel
  could imagine the trauma the boy would feel if the three young sisters ever
  had him to themselves. She seriously wondered whether his young senses could
  stand such an onslaught. Her voice was bright and crisp, with a friendly tone
  to it as she stood looking at his naked body. 
Timothy looked at Hazel, his feelings were of utter embarrassment at being
  naked in her presence and the tight knot of fear in his stomach as he realised
  that he was to have to stand helplessly while he was intimately handled by
  her. 
He shivered as he looked into her freshly made up face and listened to her. �Right
  I want no nonsense now. She moved around the bath to stand behind him, deliberately
  leaving his naked body facing Susie. 
He could hear her hands in the water behind him� suffering the trauma of not
  knowing how or where she would first touch him. He shivered at the first gentle
  contact of her hands as she placed them on each side of his torso, just underneath
  his armpits. 
Slowly and sensuously her hands moved over his back and around the nape of
  his neck, her fingers, deftly and skilfully arousing him as she washed his
  upper body. He felt the coolness of her apron press against his back, the softness
  of her breasts, leaving no doubt to the fact that she was naked beneath her
  uniform. He looked up to ceiling in embarrassment as he involuntarily caught
  the eye of the demure young secretary standing in front of him. She deliberately
  looked down at his penis and then up to his face, a knowing look in her eyes. 
The humiliating bath continued, Hazel casually touching his body as she saw
  fit, her hands seemingly everywhere. He sensed that she had deliberately avoided
  his genitals and wondered in hope against hope that she might spare him the
  indignity of having his genitals washed while the young secretary was watching
  him. He could not believe the utter embarrassment he was feeling; it seemed
  almost inconceivable that he should have a young girl nonchalantly watch him
  while he was naked and being subjected to being bathed like a child. Even more
  demeaning for his was that her expression was aloof and judgmental, as if his
  feelings were of no consequence. 
Shamefully he stood shivering, suddenly aware of movement and shadows against
  the semi-opaque glass of the double doors. He looked to the ceiling breathing
  out in utter exasperation as he heard the clear and recognizable voice of the
  pretty receptionist who had first greeted them downstairs in the foyer of the
  business centre. He could see the shadows sharpen into discernable silhouettes
  as they approached the double doors from the other side. 
He heard the hiss of the motor as the doors prepared to open. In utter panic
  he let go of the rail and clasped both his hands to his genitals, pulling his
  throbbing penis to his body as he hid himself in utter shame. 
The doors opened and Lisa nonchalantly led Claire Jones through into the room.
  Lisa beckoned to Hazel as the girls came to a halt next to the square bath
  where Timothy stood cowering in utter shame at his nakedness. 
Hazel sounded surprised and yet of course had been hoping that the girl would
  not be too long in coming up. 
�Oh Claire, you brought me the train information� have you a minute or two?
  I have a discipline problem to sort out with young Timothy here. Do you mind
  waiting a minute or so?� 
Claire would have made time, whether she had it or not, as she looked at the
  sight before her. The boy's body was a picture of physical perfection. Even
  though his face was bright red and he was crouched down covering his genitals,
  Claire instantly recognised the exquisite proportions of his body. Wild horses
  would not have dragged away from enjoying the spectacle. 
Claire managed to stop herself rushing her reply. Instead she hid her enthusiasm
  beneath the superior and haughty demeanour that served her so well. 
�Please don't worry Hazel; I have an hour and a half break for lunch� and
  today I am without a luncheon appointment� so I have plenty of time.� 
Claire certainly did not want Hazel to hurry in any way. She stood next to
  Lisa and folded her arms as she looked admiringly at Timothy, shivering and
  cowering in utter embarrassment. Her haughty voice brought further blushes
  from the boy as she addressed him. 
�My, my Timothy, have you been a naughty little boy already. What on earth
  could have you been doing?� 
Timothy was so embarrassed that he could not reply. Instead he was made to
  gasp out loud as suddenly Hazel smacked him hard on his buttocks. His cheeks
  were in an excellent position for Hazel's hand to extract the maximum effect
  as he crouched low, clasping his hands to his genitals in shame. 
�Ooohhhh er please miss.� He gasped as a second smack landed firmly across
  the cheeks of his bottom. �I have warned you many, many times already� and
  now young man it is too late. Bend over and grasp the side of the bath� come
  along� do it now.� 
Timothy realised that to be spanked in front of Claire as well as the young
  receptionist and secretary would be mortifying. He pleaded, almost sobbing
  as another smack landed on his buttocks. 
�Smacccccccccckkkk.� 
�Oh pleeeeeeeeease mis� er misss, I promise please don't miss, please not..
  oh please� not in front of everyone, oh please miss no!� 
Hazel moved to the front and took his wrists gently in-between the finger
  and thumb of each hand. She exerted no pressure, merely absolute authority
  as the boy looked at her, his face wreathed in an expression of anguish and
  guilt. 
In absolute silent and utterly consuming embarrassment, he let himself be
  uncovered. Biting his lip as he looked down at his shaming erection. Somehow
  the thought of Claire seeing him naked, a girl that he had met in quite normal
  circumstances, seemed to heighten his feeling of absolute and total humiliation. 
Reluctantly and with an unremitting feeling of absolute dread, Timothy let
  Hazel bend him over so that his hands were resting on the side of the bath.
  The dreadful realisation at being bent over while the girls watched him made
  him feel faint. He looked at his hands on the white porcelain. In his peripheral
  vision he could see that the girls had moved forward to witness his chastisement.
  He was also acutely aware that Hazel had moved to stand behind him. He shivered
  in one huge emotional manifestation of dread as he waited in utter and abject
  embarrassment. 
Hazel, who was outwardly ignoring his obvious emotional distress, took one
  of the paddle shaped brushes from the rack and spoke to him, not in anger,
  but in a casual, almost conversational tone. 
�In retribution for your behaviour Timothy, you are going to be given twelve
  strokes with the back of one of these brushes. You will remain in your �bent-over'
  position until I have finished, any failure to obey me, will result in my taking
  your bare bottom over my knee and spanking you like a child� and I shall do
  it in full view of everyone here. Do you understand me Timothy? 
The nonchalance with which Hazel had instructed and castigated the boy made
  Timothy feel all the more embarrassed. 
�Oh � please.. miss noooo� oh no please not that miss� oh please don't.� 
His pleading was cut short by the first stroke of the soft sandalwood upon
  his bottom. The pain was not anywhere as intense as the humiliation he felt,
  as Hazel proceeded to spank his naked buttocks with the back of the brush.
  She delivered three strokes before tapping the wooden paddle against the inside
  of his legs. 
She could see that the girls were all absolutely enthralled as she deliberately
  made him shuffle his legs until they were spread to the extremities of the
  square bath. 
�Keep still Timothy and take your medicine. You are a very naughty little
  boy and I am going to spank your bottom soundly.� 
�Oh pleeease� er nooooooooo not� oh not in front of everyone� oh please don't
  please�� 
�Smaccccccccccccclkkkkkk. Samaaaaaaaaaaaccckkkk. Smacccccccckkkkkkk.� 
In utter shame, Timothy felt the blood rush to his head as he looked down
  at his hands gripping the sides of the bath. He felt the sting of the paddle
  heat up his bottom� the feel of the sandalwood brush upon his buttocks seemed
  to fuel his shame, knowing that the girls were watching him as he was soundly
  spanked like a young child. To his utter shame, he saw the delicate straps
  of Claire's shoes move into his view and then her bare knees as she bent down.
  He shivered in humiliation as she placed one hand upon his shoulder and moved
  her head close to his. He felt her other hand softly caress his cheek. 
Her voice was soft but aloof as she spoke to him. �Poor Timothy has been a
  naughty little boy hasn't he! Now he has to have his naughty little bottom
  spanked� well I am sure that you only have yourself to blame. You are very
  lucky to have Hazel to show you the error of your ways.� 
Her hand stroked his cheek as the paddle descended firmly against the cheeks
  of his bottom. 
�Smaccccccccccccclkkkkkk. Samaaaaaaaaaaaccckkkk. Smacccccccckkkkkkk.� 
Timothy felt tears of shame fill his eyes as Claire spoke to him again. He
  had never envisaged the absolute degradation that he felt at this moment. 
On Claire's part, she had never known such an absolute and consuming sexual
  thrill as she touched and chided him, while his bared bottom was being spanked. 
�Are you going to be a good little boy when Hazel has finished smacking your
  bottom� mmmm, are you?� 
Timothy's shame knew no bounds as Claire spoke softly and gently to him, one
  hand gently stroking his cheek and the other delicately tracing cool fingers
  over his shoulders. 
Hazel was in no doubt as to the rare treat that Claire was enjoying at the
  boy's expense. Rather than hurry, she leisurely slipped her free hand between
  his buttocks and pulled the flesh apart as if it would provide extra flesh
  to punish. She could see that Claire had a perfect view of his penis and testicles
  and was constantly looking up between his widely spread legs as she knelt beside
  the boy. 
The back of the wooden brush continued to smack against the cheeks of his
  bottom. Time and time again the wooden paddle spanked his flesh until a full
  dozen strokes had been delivered to his quivering buttocks. 
�Pleeease miss� nooo please I am soo sorry please miss no more, not in front
  of everyone� oh please�.� 
He felt Claire pat his burning cheek and watched as she stood up. He could
  see her beautiful ankles and calves as she remained standing close to the bath. 
Hazel knew that this had been more a lesson in shame than in physical pain.
  Even so, she saw that the cheeks of his bottom were quite red as she instructed
  him. 
�Right young man, keep your legs exactly where they are and stand up and hold
  the rail above your head.� 
�Smackkkkk.� The brush slapped smartly against his bottom as she punctuated
  her instructions. 
It was in complete silence and utter humility that Timothy stood upright.
  He could not help looking at the girls as they stood watching him. He felt
  his cheeks burn bright red as he saw them all observe his shame with a detached
  air as he stretched upwards and took hold of the bar. 
�What a naughty, naughty boy you are!� Hazel chided him as she watched him
  grip the bar and look up to the ceiling in mortifying shame. He dare not look
  at the girls now that his penis and testicles were shamefully bared to their
  view. 
�Will you obey me now Timothy?� Hazel asked him quietly, her voice losing
  some of the stern edge. 
The boy was almost sobbing with shame as he answered her. �Oh yes miss, I'm
  so sorry miss. I promise I will.� 
�Well in that case we will hear no more about it once you have apologised
  to Claire and Susie and Lisa.� 
Hazel waited for a moment and then slapped him lightly across his bottom with
  the palm of her hand. 
She watched as the boy lowered his head to look at the three girls. His face
  was absolutely suffused in red as he stammered his apology. 
�I am so sorry� please� I am very sorry.� 
Hazel seemed satisfied with his humility. She could see that Susie was enjoying
  herself as she looked at the demure girl, knowing that her innocently indifferent
  expression revealed none of her true feelings. 
She spoke to Claire. �I am sorry for that rather embarrassing interlude. Timothy
  can be a very good boy really. I will just finish off his bath if you are sure
  you can spare the time to wait.� 
Claire looked in absolute admiration at Hazel as she bent down to soap her
  hands. �Now where were we Timothy? Have I done your little bottom yet?� 
Timothy could hardly bring himself to answer as Hazel prompted him. �Has your
  little smack bottom, made you forgetful Timothy.� 
The boy blushed as he answered her, shivering in embarrassment as he answered
  truthfully. 
�Er� no miss� er no you er haven't. 
Hazel turned to Claire again as she raised her soaped hands towards the boy's
  reddened buttocks. 
�Little boys never seem too wash themselves properly.� Without warning she
  slipped her hand in-between the cheeks of his bottom, feeling his body shiver
  with the sudden intimate contact. Without preamble she rubbed her fingers against
  his sphincter seeing him shiver each time her fingers made contact with the
  sensitive orifice. Hazel knew that the lubrication of the soap and the widely
  spread stance of his legs, would make the penetration of his bottom an easy
  task. 
She could see that Claire was watching her actions intently, occasionally
  glancing up to the boy's face to see his reaction. 
�I would imagine that a boy is far easier to keep clean, if his genitals are
  shaved bare.� Claire spoke with her aloof matter of fact tone. She noted that
  the boy flicked his eyes towards her and then away in shame as she examined
  his naked body. 
Hazel smiled as she continued soaping between the cheeks of his bottom. �Oh
  yes, it is far easier to keep them clean. Of course we have shaved between
  the cheeks of his bottom too. The doctor always insists on bare little boys� they
  are far easier to handle.� 
Hazel was delighted with the interplay between herself and the young receptionist.
  She was determined to make sure that Claire extracted the maximum amusement
  from her visit. 
She did not hurry, but continued slipping her fingers backwards and forwards
  between the cheeks of his bottom. Her fingers exerting a pressure each time
  they slid over his sensitive sphincter. She waited, looking around his body
  at the girls who had never taken their eyes off the young boy. 
With a deft and expert movement, Hazel suddenly slipped her forefinger firmly
  up into his bottom. 
�Argggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� 
The boy groaned, throwing his head back and standing up on his tiptoes as
  Hazel penetrated him fully. She looked at Claire with a faint smile, her eyes
  signalling to her as she curled her forefinger inside the boy, scoring her
  fingertip over his sensitive prostate. 
�I am afraid Claire, that little Timothy makes a lot of fuss when I have to
  penetrate his bottom. You really will have to excuse his silly moans.� 
His groan and the anguished stance upon the tips of his toes, signalled to
  all the watching girls, that his bottom had been firmly and deeply impaled
  by her finger. Claire could not help herself as she placed her hand on his
  shoulder and looked into his anguished face. �Try and be a good boy, it would
  be a shame if you had to be smacked again.� 
Hazel could see from the girls' faces that the boy had erected fully, the
  inevitable result of such an overwhelming sensation. 
Casually Hazel placed her other hand on his hip and then slowly and inexorably
  slid her fingers around to the juncture of his thighs, grasping the base of
  his penis. She could not believe how firmly the flesh had erected; the shaft
  pulsed and throbbed as if it would explode between her fingers. 
�Oh dear,� Hazel addressed the girls, �I am afraid little boys seem to have
  no control over their penises. This young man obviously needs to be taken firmly
  in hand.� 
Timothy groaned in utter shame and anguish as he stood helplessly as Hazel
  firmly held his penis up to the view of the girls. They all watched in rapt
  attention as Hazel handled the boy with a dexterous familiarity, her absolute
  authority and beauty, robbing the boy of any semblance of self esteem. 
Lisa moved to stand behind Susie. Out of view, she slipped her hand under
  the hem of Susie's skirt and lifted it, before sliding her fingers between
  the cheeks of her bottom. She was not surprised that Susie was naked beneath
  the dress apart from a slender leather strap. Sensuously she slipped her fingers
  further forward until she was able to part the plump lips of her labia, feeling
  the smooth shape of one of the two differently sized ivory eggs within. She
  moved her fingers gently over the deliciously smooth mound of her sex for a
  moment before withdrawing her hand, knowing instantly that Susie had already
  climaxed. She gently stroked her bared bottom before letting down the hem of
  her dress. 
Lisa was not surprised at Susie, she had seen it before, where Susie had used
  the eggs, standing demurely and appearing quite nonchalant and disinterested
  as she had climaxed without betraying any emotion other than a far-away expression
  in her eyes. It was an unusual gift and Lisa often wondered just how often
  her sister had used it. 
Hazel knew that if she were to stimulate the boy's prostate anymore, that
  he would ejaculate. Delicately she extricated her fingers from his bottom and
  moved to stand at his side. 
�I am just going to wash his genitals Claire and then we can have a coffee
  together if you would like.� Claire watched in admiration and envy as Hazel
  took a firm hold of the boy's penis and without preamble slipped the foreskin
  backwards, drawing the skin tight as she held it at the base. With her other
  hand she soaped over the sensitive rim of the glans, causing the boy to throw
  his head back and shiver as she extracted an immediate and violent sexual response. 
Claire could not resist reaching forward and placing her hand against his
  chest, her hand cupping over his left nipple as she looked up at his face.
  She caught his eye and was rewarded with an immediate furious flood of colour
  to his cheeks. 
�I am having to be particularly careful with his penis Claire, as he has not
  had any semen extracted today. The doctor wants to see the exact amount he
  is producing when she takes a sample from him. Of course after that we will
  be milking him several more times� and of course most thoroughly, before we
  return home.� 
She handled him as much as she dare, knowing that on several occasions he
  was almost at the point of ejaculating. With care and consideration, she washed
  his testicles, lifting and caressing the swollen orbs as they moved inside
  the tightened sac. 
Timothy stood helplessly and ashamed as Hazel exposed every inch of his most
  private parts to the view of the girls. Their outward expressions were almost
  nonchalant and disinterested as they looked on at Hazel's expert manipulation
  of the young boy's genitals. 
Finally Hazel bent down on one knee and took the torpedo shaped nozzle in
  her hand. She pressed the button pointing the tip down into the water to see
  the effect of the device. A strong gush of water emerged, but rather than in
  a steady stream, it pulsed with staccato jets of water. She released the button
  and stood upright. Deftly she pushed the device firmly between the cheeks of
  his bottom and immediately pressed the trigger, allowing the boy no time to
  prepare himself for the intense sensation as the water jetted mercilessly against
  his sphincter. 
�Ooooohhhh argggghhh hooo.� He cried, standing on tiptoe at the sudden sensation. 
�Do keep still, Timothy.� Hazel's voice was calm and casually, contrasting
  to the strong jets of water that seemed to stimulate the whole of his body. 
She moved to his side, keeping his naked body in full view of Claire and the
  girls as she nonchalantly took hold of his penis and withdrew his foreskin
  before aiming the nozzle at the his erect member. She watched him quiver with
  anguish as she pressed the button and played the gushing jets of water over
  his penis, holding him firmly as he tried to evade the acute sensation. 
She held the nozzle further back as she applied it again, this time to his
  testicles, coolly observing his anguished expression as she casually rinsed
  his genitals. 
She switched off the water and replaced the water jet in its holder. Taking
  a towel from the rack where the paddle shaped brushes were hung, she held it
  as she spoke to Claire. 
�Now he is free of soap, you can feel how swollen his testicles are for such
  a young boy.� Her voice was so casual, that for a moment Timothy did not realise
  the import of what she had said� and then suddenly he groaned inwardly in utter
  embarrassment. 
He shivered as Hazel dried his swollen scrotum, he felt utterly helpless and
  anguished at the injustice of Hazel offering his body for inspection as if
  he had no feelings. 
He could not help but look at Claire who casually reached forward and cupped
  her hand beneath his scrotum. Gently she lifted her hand, closing her fingers
  gently and sensuously around his testicles. 
The intimate action made Timothy stand on tiptoe, his knees moving outwards
  as she took a firmer grip. 
�Oooohhhhhhhhhh.� He exclaimed unable to control his acute embarrassment as
  the girl held his genitals, feeling the soft orbs in her hand. 
Hazel deliberately added to the boy's humiliation as she casually remarked
  to Claire. 
�If you hold his penis out of the way you can draw his testicles forward.
  It will allow you to see just how tightly the skin is stretched.� 
Claire looked up at the boy's blushing face, delighting in his look of pure
  humiliation, as she took hold of his penis. She deliberately slipped the foreskin
  back as she held it up against his stomach and drew his testicles forward. 
His whole body quivered at her touch, prompting her to look into his face. 
�Now Timothy, I don't want to cause Hazel to have to smack your pretty little
  bottom again, so try and keep still and let me have a good look at you.� 
He blushed, his face again colouring to a bright crimson and his bottom lip
  trembling as she turned her attention back to his testicles, kneading them
  as she bent her head to look closely. 
Hazel noticed that Claire's fingers were gently toying with the tip of his
  penis, her bright red thumb nail, gently scoring over the very tip of his throbbing
  member. 
Claire felt his penis suddenly throb violently, she looked at his face and
  seeing his utter distress decided that the boy was very close to ejaculating.
  She quickly took her hand away from the head of his penis and gently lowered
  his testicles. 
�There you have been a good boy.� She placed her hand on his cheek, thrilling
  as she saw his plight at her intimate handling of his penis and testicles. 
Timothy stood shame faced and blushing profusely as Claire finally let him
  go. He watched as she and Hazel moved away to examine several sheets of paper
  that Claire and retrieved from the pocket of her notecase. 
All four of the girls had receded to the far side of the room leaving Timothy
  standing naked and ashamed, his legs stretched wide apart with his hands gripping
  the support bar above his head. He was acutely aware of his erect penis as
  it bobbed up and down, the errant member standing straight out from in-between
  his legs. 
Suddenly the girls disappeared into the dressing room and he stood alone.
  When they emerged, Timothy was puzzled for a moment as he saw Claire, who had
  taken off her suit jacket standing looking at him while she donned a transparent
  apron, tying the cord around her slender waist. 
Suddenly he shivered in horror as both she and Hazel approached him. 
�As Cynthia and the nurses are going to be busy in the doctor's office, Claire
  has kindly consented to dry and powder you while I pop in to see the doctor.
  Please step out of the bath and follow her into the other room. Oh� and Timothy,
  I want you to be on your best behaviour. I am giving Claire my full permission
  to spank your bare bottom thoroughly, should she have any trouble with you.
  Do you understand me?� 
Immediately all the girls turned their backs to him and walked towards the
  double doors. As they approached, the door hissed once and slid silently open,
  before shutting again as they walked through. 
Timothy's stomach churned in utter dread as he stepped form the bath. There
  was an absolute dread in being left alone but knowing that he had to walk naked
  into a room where the young girls would be. 
His legs felt weak and his mind was in turmoil as he realised that his penis
  was bobbing up and down in front of him as he walked. He fought with all his
  might, the acute desire to cover himself with his hands, steeling himself as
  he walked shakily towards the double doors. 
As the doors slid open they revealed to his horror, Claire sat upon a modern
  straight backed chair in the middle of the room; several towels upon her knees
  and a container of Talcum powder placed on the floor beside her. 
To add to his feeling of humiliation, Lisa had seated herself behind Cynthia's
  desk and Susie was seated behind her own. Both girls had a perfect view of
  Claire as she sat waiting for him. 
Deliberately Claire did not instruct him as he walked through the doors. She
  could see that he had kept his hands to his sides, his face was blushing profusely
  as he stood several feet away from her, looking foolish and awkward. 
She looked at him, her expression haughty and aloof as she spoke. �Come along
  child, I can't dry you while you are standing over there.� 
Her words sent a further rush of blood to his face as he looked at her, his
  face wreathed in shame. 
�Come along NOW.� 
Her sharp rebuke seemed to galvanise him into action. He shuffled forward
  and stood before her. She looked up at his face and casually placed each hand
  on his hips and drew him forward until his knees were touching hers. 
His shame was paramount as she addressed him. Her tone seemingly completely
  without feeling for his delicate emotions. He could feel the blood rush to
  his face and felt his lips begin to quiver. Had he known when he had first
  entered the reception downstairs, that this beautiful and aloof girl would
  be sitting before and waiting dry and talcum powder his naked body, he would
  have fled with no thought for the consequences. 
�Stand with your legs wide apart and place your hands upon your head. Hazel
  has already told me of your fondness for touching your penis. It is a dirty
  little habit� and one which should be thrashed out of young boys.� 
Timothy almost fainted with the injustice and shame of her remark. He stood
  dumbly, gradually lifting his arms and placing his hands upon his head. With
  his ears ringing with embarrassment and his stomach churning in dread he shuffled
  his feet apart. 
�I want them far wider apart than that Timothy� come along now!� 
He shuffled his feet again until they were stretched as wide apart as he could
  manage without falling over. Claire looked him in the eye as she took the towel
  in her hand. 
�Now keep still.� With that remark she proceeded to dry his shoulders and
  his chest and arms. She leaned forward and let her cheek rest against his waist
  as she dried his legs. Looking up at his face she slipped her hand between
  his legs and carefully cupped her hand around his testicles. She felt him shiver
  in shame as she drew his scrotum forward and, taking the corner of the towel
  patted the tender flesh until it was dry. 
She could feel the boy tremble as he steeled himself for what inevitably must
  come next. She nonchalantly reached forward and grasped the erect shaft of
  his penis, immediately drawing the foreskin back. He jerked his hips violently
  as she rubbed, rather than patted the sensitive flesh beneath. 
She could hear his troubled breathing as she nonchalantly handled him with
  a deft familiarity, deliberately sparing him no embarrassment. His body quivered
  and shook as she continued� passing the towel between his legs and rubbing
  vigorously, causing his erect penis to wobble to and fro. 
�Right stand up straight and come around to the side. You can take your hands
  down now, but I want you to promise not to touch your little penis.� 
Claire was well aware that his penis was anything but little, in fact, not
  only was larger than that of a very much older boy, it was as beautiful as
  the rest of his body. The straightness of the flesh was a testimony to the
  fact that the boy had obviously not indulged in self-abuse. 
She waited until he had come around to her side. Deliciously, she placed her
  hand around him allowing her fingers to play with the cheeks of his bottom.
  She looked up to see Susie approach her. She was holding a metal kidney shaped
  dish and as she lowered it, Claire could see a transparent blue plastic syringe
  with a large egg shaped nozzle. 
�Oh Claire, I forgot to tell Hazel, he is not to have Talcum powder inside
  his bottom cheeks. The doctor would like his anus lubricated with gel, so that
  she can examine him internally.� 
Timothy drew in his breath and groaned at her words. He looked down at the
  syringe, his stomach churning at the thought of the egg shaped nozzle and the
  excruciating embarrassment of the procedure. He looked around the room in despair,
  only to see Lisa the young receptionist sitting primly at her desk watching
  him with casual disdain. He blushed in utter confusion as Claire's fingers
  moved familiarly over his buttocks 
�Oh I see, well you had better show me how to use it.� Claire was careful
  not to show her delight as she smacked the boy lightly on his bottom. 
�Come along Timothy, over my knees and place your hands flat on the floor
  once I have got you settled. Now don't stand there looking glum, or I will
  be doing what Hazel does when she takes your bare little bottom over her knees.� 
The boy was quaking in fear and embarrassment as Susie delightedly placed
  the tray by her side and pushed the boy's shoulders forward. Claire grasped
  him around the waist and nonchalantly placed her other hand beneath his testicles,
  pulling both the scrotum and his penis forward as the both girls forced him
  across her knees. 
Timothy was in the throes of absolute shame and embarrassment as Claire placed
  his hands on the floor. The plastic apron felt cool and smooth against his
  skin, making him acutely aware of every movement of his body as he lay face
  down over her knees. 
Timothy was absolutely shivering in shame as Claire allowed her self the delicious
  action of smacking her hand lightly across the clenched cheeks of his bottom. 
�Come along, relax your cheeks. I want to see them go slack or I shall give
  you a sound spanking right where you are.� 
Timothy groaned� tears forming in his eyes as he reluctantly forced himself
  to relax his buttocks. He could not help flinching as Susie leaned over and
  placed her hands on each cheek, slipping her fingertips inside. 
�If you take the syringe Claire, I will stretch his bottom, so that he can't
  evade you.� 
Claire could not believe the absolute thrill she felt as she ran her fingers
  over the large egg shaped nozzle, knowing that the boy would squirm deliciously
  upon her knees as she inserted it into him. 
Timothy looked at the floor, cocooned in shame as he felt his bottom being
  stretched wide. He could feel the cool air invade the cleft of his buttocks
  and his sphincter, underlining the fact that his bottom was open and exposed
  to the view of the young girls. The indignity of his position made him shiver
  in utter anguish. The very thought that he was laid over the receptionist's
  knees, having his bottom examined and remarked upon with no thought to his
  modesty, brought a feeling of dread to his stomach. 
Claire could feel the incredible hardness of his penis as he pushed his hips
  forward at the first contact of the syringe to his sphincter. 
Lisa whispered almost reverently as she held his buttocks wide. 
�Squeeze gently until his sphincter is well lubricated. You may want to just
  rub it around with your finger now that he is nice and clean inside and out.
  He's had a very thorough enema before you came up.� 
Susie's words shamed the boy and excited Claire at the same time. Without
  preamble she pushed the nozzle hard against his sphincter and squeezed until
  a generous amount of clear gel nestled in the deep well of his bottom. 
Without further instruction, Claire held the syringe in her left hand while
  she slipped her fingers between the widely spread cheeks of his bottom. She
  squeezed her legs together in ecstasy as she felt the boy wriggle and squirm
  against her knees. Firmly she pressed her fingers to the quivering entrance
  of his bottom� and with absolute abandon she allowed her fingers to rub over
  the sphincter, feeling the muscle recoil with each firm movement. 
Steeling herself for the boy's ultimate degradation, she placed the nozzle
  gently against his bottom. She was delighted as Susie put her mind at rest. 
�You will have to push firmly Claire, he will probably squirm a bit� boys
  always seem to make a fuss when their bottoms are penetrated, but it does them
  no harm. I will move my hands so that you can smack his bottom if he tries
  to evade the nozzle.� 
Timothy blushed furiously at the shaming words. His equilibrium totally destroyed
  as he faced the floor, his bottom stretched wide awaiting with dread the penetration
  of the syringe. 
Claire savoured the moment, prolonging it with a further chastisement to the
  beautiful young boy lying across her knees. 
�Push you bottom up and relax for me, there's a good little boy.� 
She teased his sphincter with her fingers, knowing that the boy would find
  it impossible to do as she asked. She pressed her fingers against the sphincter
  once more, feeling him squirm, before she presented the nozzle of the syringe
  to the opening of his bottom. 
�Now take a deep breath� let me hear you now� a nice deep breath,� She listened
  as the boy gulped air and pressed the nozzle firmly against the sphincter.
  In absolute silence she insinuated the tip of the nozzle against the opening
  of his sphincter, making sure that it was perfectly centred. Without further
  warning she pushed the nozzle swiftly and firmly up into his quivering bottom. 
�Ummmmmmmmppppphhhhhhhhh� hooooooooo� arghhhhhhh.� 
The boy's buttocks quivered and quaked as the egg slipped through the opening.
  Claire was surprised at how widely the flesh had had to stretch to accommodate
  the widest part of the sphere. She felt his hardened penis press against her
  thighs and his body shiver in a series of spasms as he was rudely impaled. 
�Hooooo�ooooohhhhh oh arggghhh.� 
�What a fuss at having a nozzle in your bottom. Boys really do make a lot
  of fuss over nothing.� Her words prefaced his next indignity as with relish
  Claire nonchalantly depressed the plunger in a slow and steady movement. She
  felt a delicious thrill between her legs, watching him thrash his head from
  side to side, as his hands left the floor and he arched his back. His body
  went rigid in a tormented protest to the huge gush of ice-cold gel that penetrated
  his anal passage. 
Claire could feel his penis throb mightily, in answer she let her thighs relax,
  capturing his rigid member in the folds of the plastic apron. She relished
  every second of the boy's torment, waiting quite patiently until he had settled
  back down, with his hands once more on the floor. 
�What a fuss you young children make. I suppose you expect me to be lenient
  with just because Hazel is not here, however I think that you will find I can
  be just as uncompromising when it comes to obedience. Now just relax this time,
  while I slip the nozzle out of your bottom.� 
She felt the boy shudder as she nonchalantly pulled the nozzle until his sphincter
  stretched wide over the largest part of the sphere. �Now keep still.� She chided
  as she suddenly pulled the nozzle free, hearing him gasp at the sensation. 
Susie released her hands from the cheeks of his bottom, her eyes shining with
  excitement as she spoke to Claire. 
�I would just pop a finger into his bottom to check that the lubricant is
  where it is supposed to be. I will take the talcum powder over to the examination
  couch; it will be easier for you to powder him if he is lying down with his
  legs stretched wide apart.� 
Claire could hardly contain her excitement as the boy shuddered at Susie's
  pronouncement. His buttocks quivered against Claire's slender hand as she slipped
  her forefinger up against his sphincter. �Open up� there that's the way.� She
  did not tease or prepare the sphincter, merely slipping her finger up into
  his bottom with a firm and steady pressure. 
�Ummmppphhhhh.� The boy groaned as Claire relished the rare thrill of impaling
  the boy. She roamed around until she was able to smooth her fingertip over
  his prostate. She immediately knew from the throbbing of his penis and his
  reluctant gasps, that he was helpless to prevent her arousing him. 
She was careful not to cause the boy too much distress, as Hazel had warned
  her against the prospect of the boy ejaculating without warning. Instead she
  withdrew her finger slightly and inserted the tip of her middle finger through
  the sensitive ring of his sphincter, suddenly pushing firmly until her two
  fingers were firmly inside his bottom. 
�Arrggggggggghhhhhhh� hooooooooOOO.� 
He cried out loudly as she curled her fingers and stretched his flesh. She
  delighted in the sensation, moving her fingers at will as she savoured the
  squirming of his body over her knees. 
She was surprised at just how thrilled and sexually fulfilled she felt at
  the young boy's torment. She impudently thrust hard with both fingers, leaving
  them straight so that they rigidly impaled his bottom for almost a minute.
  She shivered in delight at his gasps of protest, feeling a series of thrills
  course through her body. She allowed herself the luxury of squeezing her shapely
  legs together, trapping his rigid penis tightly, before slipping her fingers
  from his bottom. 
Without warning she raised her hand and gave the boy three hard slaps upon
  his buttocks. The thrill of it, sent another little shiver through her body. 
She could not resist the temptation to continue for at least a little while
  longer. She spoke to him as a school mistress would speak to an errant schoolboy. 
�I am going to give you six more smacks, just so that you understand that
  when I tell you to do something I want you to do it without fuss.� 
Claire proceeded to spank the boy six more times. Each smack sent a delicious
  thrill through her body. The contact with her hand against his buttocks combined
  with the throbbing of his penis between her thighs delighted her. She savoured
  every moment as he squirmed and wriggled in embarrassment and humiliation. 
�I know it can be very embarrassing for little boys to have their young bottoms
  smacked, but I think you know that I will not hesitate to spank you a lot harder
  than this if you don't do as you are told. Right let's have you up off my knees
  and lying down upon the examination couch.� 
Timothy was blushing profusely as he was helped to stand upright. His face
  reddened even more as he caught sight of Lisa looking at up at him from her
  paperwork as he passed in front of her desk. Her eyes nonchalantly looked down
  at his erect penis and back up at his face. Her expression was almost disdainful
  of the erect state of his penis, as he was led to the examination couch like
  a lamb to slaughter. 
It was Susie that positioned him, his body being laid back and his legs being
  hoisted up into the stirrups until he was stretched wide and open. His bottom
  was completely lifted from the surface of the couch and his legs stretched
  so wide that his genitals were rudely displayed to view of the young girls. 
He turned his head to the side in absolute shame and complete humiliation.
  He was acutely aware of his penis throbbing and bouncing up and down on his
  stomach as both girls stood back and examined his naked body. 
�Oh dear Claire, I am afraid his penis has leaked. Just look at that� it was
  a good job you were wearing an apron. Little boys seem to have no control at
  all over their bodily functions. I will get you some tissue and you can wipe
  him. Shame on you Timothy,� she looked at the boys burning face� �You really
  need to have more control over yourself!� 
The girls left him for a moment as he lay in absolute torment, squeezing his
  eyes shut to try and distance himself from the utter and total embarrassment
  that had pervaded every cell of his brain. Had he heard the whispered conversation
  between Susie and Lisa he would have been in even more distress. 
He felt gentle fingers lift up his penis and then the incredible sensation
  of his foreskin being stretched back so tightly that his eyes flew wide open.
  He saw Claire casually take a tissue to the tip of his penis and wipe away
  a teardrop of clear sticky liquid. He shuddered and groaned as the tissue grazed
  over the sensitive opening of his penis. 
Susie handed Claire a second tissue, this time the tissue felt cold and wet
  against his timid flesh. He tried to squirm away from the sensation as she
  deftly wiped all around the sensitive head of his penis, completely ignoring
  his anguished movements as she cleaned his erect member. 
He endured the next moments in shame and turmoil as Claire sprinkled talcum
  powder over his penis and testicles. His arousal caused him to groan in anguish
  as her slender fingers sensuously moved over his flesh. Each touch caused him
  absolute distress and shame as she smoothed both hands over the inner creases
  of the juncture of his thighs. The backs of her hands deliberately brushed
  against his scrotum as she distributed the soft powder. He almost arched his
  back completely off the bed as she lifted his scrotum and applied talcum powder
  underneath, scoring her fingers expertly over the perineum. Claire made sure
  that each touch of her hands aroused the young boy. She was absolutely absorbed
  with the delight of having his young body completely at her mercy. 
His groans of anguish merely encouraged her to prolong his humiliation as
  she played and toyed with his genitals exactly as she wished. Standing back
  and savouring the sight before her. His naked body stretched wide, his penis
  and testicles swollen and bared for her own exclusive pleasure. 
It was Lisa that broke her reverie. Claire had not realised that she had moved
  away from her desk. She had moved silently and unobtrusively to stand by Claire's
  side. She extended her slender hands forward, holding a tray containing another
  syringe full of gel. This time the syringe was wrapped in a plastic seal. 
�It would seem a shame not to make sure that his anus is properly lubricated.
  As you can see, his buttocks are stretched wide and open� he will be unable
  to resist the syringe. I thought that perhaps it would ensure that he is far
  more comfortable when the doctor penetrates him. After all she may want to
  examine him with instruments as well as her fingers� so I thought it would
  be a good idea if you gave his bottom a further anal lubrication. You just
  have to break the seal� and the syringe is ready for use.� 
To say Claire was delighted would have been an understatement. She looked
  at Susie, who quickly nodded her confirmation. �Yes I am sure little Timothy
  will be far more comfortable during his examination with his little bottom
  thoroughly lubricated.� 
Timothy looked at the girls, blushing in shame at their aloof expressions
  as they watched his blushing face before deliberately looking downwards between
  his widely splayed legs to his bared genitals. 
�Oh pleeeeease er miss�. Not the syringe again� oh no miss it er �.� 
It was Claire who answered his protestations. Taking the syringe from the
  tray she moved to his side and broke the seal, watching his face as her articulate
  fingers removed the wrapping. She watched his face as he saw the large nozzle
  at the end of the stem. Surely the nozzle was far too big to have it inserted
  in his bottom. He paled as she spoke to him. 
�Now I want no fuss or nonsense� it will be far better for you to have a further
  lubrication� I have promised Hazel that I will prepare you for your examination� and
  I intend that you are indeed well prepared.� Claire looked at the syringe as
  she handed the wrapping to Lisa. She noted that the egg shaped tip was far
  larger than the previous one. She looked at Lisa and then back to the head
  of the nozzle. 
�Oh I have deliberately given you a number eight instead of a number six.
  It is far better now that he is nicely stretched for insertion� you should
  have no trouble at all. Susie will hold his penis and testicles out of the
  way for you.� 
Lisa nonchalantly moved to the boy's side and looked down at him. She bent
  her pretty face low over his and held his cheek until she was sure that she
  had his full attention. His eyes tried to evade hers, but she moved his head,
  smoothing her hand over his cheek as she moved her head even closer to his
  and looked at him seriously. 
�Right sweetheart, just keep looking at me and take a deep breath when I tell
  you to. Claire is just going to slip her finger into your bottom and open you
  up a bit and then she is going to give you a nice big squirt of lubricating
  gel, so that you won't have any difficulty when the doctor sees to you.� 
Susie moved to the other side of the bed opposite her sister and casually
  cupped her slender fingers around his testicles, gently lifting the swollen
  orbs. With her other hand she slipped the foreskin of his penis down the rigid
  shaft and exposed him fully as she held his erect member completely upright. 
Claire drew in her breath as she moved between his legs. She laid the syringe
  on the end of the couch underneath his raised bottom and slipped her fingers
  between his widely parted cheeks. 
�Keep still sweetheart and I will be very gentle with you.� She murmured,
  touching the timid flesh of his sphincter with the very tip of her finger.
  She could see his whole body shiver as casually, she smoothed her finger over
  the flesh, greasing it as she watched the sphincter recoil at each firm touch.
  She teased the opening, hearing him gasp, as suddenly she thrust firmly, thrilling
  with delight as her finger slid easily up into his bottom. 
�Ooooohhhh.� The boy groaned as she swirled her finger around inside him.
  She shivered at the exquisite and absolute thrill of having such a beautiful
  young boy entirely at her mercy. The sexual tingling coursed through her body
  like a flame. She became bolder, thrusting her finger firmly up to the hilt
  as she watched his reaction. 
She smiled at Lisa as she saw her nonchalantly place her hand upon his heaving
  chest, her fingers mischievously playing over his nipple as she comforted him. 
Lisa was in heaven as she observed the boy's trepidation. She looked deep
  into his eyes, whispering to him, her voice soft and soothing. 
�There sweetheart, don't fret now, we will take good care of you.� She glanced
  at Claire, seeing her thrust firmly before extracting her finger from his bottom
  with a plop. 
�There now, Claire is ready to lubricate you� so take a deep breath when I
  tell you to.� 
Lisa watched as Claire offered the huge nozzle up to the boy's sphincter and
  expertly allowed the syringe to expel a little of the gel around the puckered
  flesh. 
�Right a deep breath now.� 
Lisa looked almost lovingly into his eyes, seeing his gratefulness at her
  tender words and caring expression. She watched the boy take in a deep lungful
  of air and suddenly arch his back from the bed as Claire expertly slid the
  huge nozzle up into his bottom. It was an exquisite moment for Claire, her
  movements slow and steady, guiding the syringe through the sensitive ring of
  his sphincter, and watching delightedly as the muscle was stretched almost
  impossibly wide over the extreme circumference of the nozzle. 
�Arggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�. Hooooo hoo hoo hoo.� He groaned as Lisa
  looked deep into his eyes, before moving her head down to his and kissing him
  fully on the lips. She held him firmly as she robbed him of his breath at the
  exact moment that Claire saw the nozzle disappear up into his bottom. 
Lisa held his lips captive for a good twenty seconds; his back arched and
  his body rigid with sensation. Suddenly she let him go, watching in rapture
  as he desperately gasped for air. 
�Ooohhhhhhhh�.. hoooooo.� He gasped in utter torment as Claire nonchalantly
  pushed the plunger hard. Seeing the sinews of his thighs harden as she expelled
  the entire contents of the syringe up into his quivering bottom. 
�There we are.� She said brightly. �That was no trouble at all was it Timothy?� 
�Oooooohhhhh hhhhhhooooooooooo arggghhh.� 
The boy gasped and groaned as Lisa lowered her head and kissed him again,
  her soft lips closing over his and her gentle hands caressing his chest as
  he heaved in anguish. 
Timothy could do nothing but moan. He could not believe the acuteness of the
  sensations he felt within his bottom and his penis. It seemed as if the two
  were joined in one prolonged stab of sexual torment. 
He tried to contain his emotions as he looked up into the beautiful face of
  the young girl. Her expression showed love and tenderness, an exact contrast
  to the casual way that the syringe had penetrated his bottom. He expelled his
  breath in anguish as he felt another huge pressure within his bottom. He tried
  to lift his hips in an effort to escape the torment as Claire casually pulled
  the syringe out of his anus. 
Arrrgggghhh� ooohhhhh hooooOOOOHH.� 
He groaned and gasped in utter anguish as his sphincter was stretched wide
  over the nozzle. He could not believe the intensity of the sensation, nothing
  he had ever experienced compared to this. He gasped and blushed in shame as
  Claire casually held the syringe upwards so that he could see the glistening
  nozzle. Her words caused him to tremble with humiliation as she chided him. 
�What a fuss you are making Timothy. Would you like me to take you over my
  knees and smack your silly little bare bottom for making so much fuss? Is that
  what you would like mmm?� 
Claire put the syringe down on the trolley and looked down at the boy. Lisa
  and Susie moved away knowing that Claire wanted the boy's full attention. �Well
  Timothy you are really quite a sweet boy, it is a pity you have to make so
  much fuss. I have to go back now so would you like me to give you a little
  kiss, even though you don't really deserve it.� 
Timothy looked up at her beautiful face. He could not help blushing as she
  looked at him. Her authoritative manner and beautiful good looks had his senses
  reeling. He opened his mouth to speak, but before he could mumble his words
  Claire had leaned over him and placed her lips gently against his. Timothy
  looked at her as he felt her cool lips touch his own which were burning with
  his embarrassment. He felt her hand touch his stomach as her lips pressed against
  his. 
He could not control his emotions, his body betraying him in reluctant rapture
  as she parted his lips with her tongue. He shivered as she placed her hand
  upon his chest, slowly sliding her flattened palm over his sensitive skin towards
  his pubis. 
Claire suddenly thrust her tongue deep into his mouth as her delicate fingers
  grasped his penis firmly. She could feel the boy's chest heave as she kissed
  him deeply, her fingers sliding his foreskin down over the shaft of his penis,
  exposing him fully. 
His heart thumped within his chest as Claire expertly slipped the foreskin
  up and down the shaft of his penis until she felt it throb violently beneath
  her fingers. She held his skin tightly for a moment, thrusting her tongue even
  more deeply into his mouth. She felt his body respond in an anguished heaving
  of his chest as she held him captive. 
Suddenly she let him go and stood upright, waiting for him to look at her
  before she casually moved to stand between his legs. She could see the utter
  embarrassment in the boy's face as she held his attention. She could not resist
  the temptation to play with his body as she looked at him being held helpless
  by the stirrups, his legs stretched wide in a reluctant invitation to violation.
  Thrilling with delight she looked at him, her haughty demeanour betraying nothing
  of her feelings as she held his attention. Compelling him to watch, she deliberately
  cupped her hand under his testicles and lifted them upwards and outwards, before
  taking a firm grip of his penis. She noted with delight his utter embarrassment
  as she looked at his face. �Now promise me you will be a good boy when you
  are having your examination, will you promise me that Timothy?� 
The boy looked aghast as Claire held his genitals firmly in her hands. For
  a moment he could not speak and then he managed to mumble his affirmation. 
�Oh please miss� er I promise.� 
Claire smiled at him� and suddenly turned away. She did not look back at him
  as she left the room. 
It was twenty minutes later that Timothy was helped out of the stirrups and
  allowed to stand with his arms by his sides. Cynthia and Hazel had reappeared;
  Cynthia was carrying a neatly folded paper hospital gown. On top of the gown
  was a pair of modesty pants and paper over-shoes, both which had elasticised
  openings. 
The young boy was made to stand naked in front of all of the girls as Cynthia
  made him raise his feet one by one so he could step into the pants. She did
  not allow him to pull them up himself, instead she slid the garment up over
  his thighs and then nonchalantly grasped his now flaccid penis and stuffed
  it inside the pants before pulling the paper material up over his hips. His
  gown was slipped up over his arms and pulled over his shoulders, Cynthia merely
  tying the top string leaving his back fully exposed. She had deliberately chosen
  a gown that was too short and as she stepped back and looked at him, she had
  to stifle a grin. The hem of the paper gown only descended as far as the juncture
  of his thighs. The ruffled paper around each thigh was clearly visible. She
  bent down again and lifted his feet one by one as she made him step into the
  shapeless paper shoes. 
Cynthia led the way with Hazel following holding Timothy's arm in a firm grip.
  They entered the first of the reception areas where another pretty young woman
  had taken Lisa's place at the reception desk. 
Timothy averted his eyes as she looked him up and down. He could not help
  his face colouring up in a bright blush of redness as he was marched through
  the room. Once out into the greeting area he was led through the first door
  which was signed consulting rooms. Normally anyone entering the corridor to
  the consulting rooms would be fully dressed in street clothes. The paper gown
  and pants that Timothy was wearing rustled and crinkled as he walked. He was
  well aware that the sound would alert anyone to his presence. 
Timothy blushed as he entered the long wide corridor. He could see two young
  girls, casually chatting at a coffee machine which was recessed into the wall.
  They were both dressed in the blouses and skirts which were standard office
  dress for the building. He blushed profusely as they looked up from their conversation
  and smiled at him as he was led past. He blushed deeply as one of the girls
  looked down at his bared legs and paper pants. 
The left side of the corridor was made up of a series of tall doorways, each
  door signed in script with the name of the doctor. To the sides of each door
  were chairs and tables, typical of any waiting area. 
To his right the walls were made up of floor to ceiling glass partitions.
  The first of these had lowered Venetian blinds, which were closed hiding the
  rooms beyond. Timothy felt utterly foolish as he was led past the two girls.
  He could see that their original smile of greeting had turned to one of amusement
  and prurient interest. 
As Cynthia led them along the corridor, he realised that the next set of blinds
  were open, revealing a large open-plan office full of secretaries and office
  personnel. As they walked by, he watched the young girls at work and for a
  few moments seemed not to realise that they could see him as clearly as he
  could see them. The horrible realization came to him as one of the young secretaries
  looked up and snickered as she saw him dressed in his hospital gown with his
  back bared and just the slim paper pants covering his bottom. Worse was to
  come as the young girl turned to her friends and pointed towards Timothy. Soon
  his near naked body had the attention of the entire office. Some of the girls
  stood up from their desks to get a better view of the young boy as he was paraded
  past the glass partitions. His face was blushing profusely as they neared a
  door that read. �Dr. Lucy Ashcroft.' 
5 
&nbsp; 
Celia Clarke and Dr. Lucy Ashcroft had been ensconced in conversation with
  Vicki Grant and Jenny Althorpe, for quite some time. Their conversation had
  ranged over the many treatments that the boy was to receive. Occasionally Hazel
  had joined the conversation, explaining to her aunt the routine that they had
  adopted in her absence. Jenny had been very interested to learn of Susan and
  Gail's involvement with the boy. She clearly remembered Gail's mother and was
  quietly delighted that a girl, from such a well thought of family, should have
  an interest in her son's welfare. 
Celia Clarke was an ambitious twenty-five year old school nurse. Dr. Ashcroft
  had immediately recognized the ambition of the young woman and had seen the
  opportunity to use her. 
Lucy had liked the look of the nurse when they had first met - and had soon
  realized that her ambitious nature would overcome any hesitation in her providing
  the kind of supervision the boy would need at school. She also saw knew that
  the nurse was well thought-of by the educational health authorities and as
  such was left alone to run her department as she saw fit. The department comprised
  of herself as nurse and matron to the pupils, along with two other nursing
  staff which were under her supervision, Wilma Bray and Jennifer Clayton. 
Celia had taken up her position in the private school that Timothy, Susan
  and Gail attended, only six months ago. The head mistress and fellow teachers
  had quickly found her to be quietly efficient and very competent. 
Dr. Ashcroft had hinted several times to Celia, that the post of schools supervising
  nurse (a post which encompassed eight schools throughout the county) could
  be hers in three years time. Celia was bright and understood that the way forward
  for her career, would be assured with the help of Lucy Ashcroft. She admired
  and respected the young doctor and saw in her, a route to a furthering her
  own career. She had not seen Timothy during her time at the school and had
  missed him during the boys' day of examinations. 
There were two important factors that had convinced Lucy Ashcroft of Celia
  Clarke's suitability to take care of the boy's regime while at school. The
  first of these was Celia's stunning good looks. If she had not had become a
  nurse, Lucy thought that she would have made a perfect fashion model. Celia
  was not at all voluptuous; her body was slender with long legs and small petite
  breasts. Her face was beautifully shaped; the bone structure of high cheekbones
  and firm jaw line gave her an intelligent and somewhat forbidding appearance,
  in that she did not look as if she would suffer fools gladly. 
The second reason was that Lucy had observed her on several occasions examining
  both boys and girls when she was on her regular visits to the school. She had
  immediately recognized Celia's penchant for sexual pleasure at her patient's
  expense. Her handling of both boys and girls had appeared efficient and professional
  and yet Lucy had noticed that the positions that she had made them adopt had
  been far more exaggerated than was absolutely necessary. Lucy rightly assumed
  that her methods of examination had much to do with pleasuring her own appetites. 
Her handling of their genitalia had made the young patients become aroused
  and Lucy had been rather surprised when Celia had nonchalantly made one young
  boy ejaculate, certainly with no hesitance to the fact that she was being observed
  by Dr. Ashcroft; merely tutting at the young boy as if it was entirely his
  own fault. Lucy had been very impressed with the girl's confidence and authoritarian
  approach. She had smiled to herself as she thought of her own predilections
  musing that, it takes one to know one. 
Lucy Ashcroft had had little trouble in convincing Jenny Althorpe, that her
  son Timothy should undergo the range of treatments that she had put forward.
  There had been no hesitation in Jenny agreeing to the collection of her son's
  sperm for the sole use of the clinic. Jenny was delighted to learn that she
  would receive the treatment for her son at the shared expense of both the clinic
  and the local health authority. 
�So we are agreed.� Lucy spoke clearly to Jenny Althorpe, �that Timothy will
  be admitted on to our ward for his examinations and treatments this week. We
  should be able to release him by Friday. He will be certainly over halfway
  through his depilatory procedure by then and of course that it will be far
  better for Timothy to be permanently denuded of pubic hair.� 
She continued. �Hazel has managed the boy very well it seems and of course
  you have Vicki here, as well as the services of my visiting nurses. I think
  we will have no trouble in getting Timothy sorted out. Even if it is a long
  term approach it will be far better now that we know of his problem and are
  able to help him without him being allowed to resort to masturbation. I think
  it would be better if he did not consort with other boys in the holidays, it
  can sometimes lead to unsavoury activities. It will be better for him to have
  the company of Susan and Gail. Both of these girls seem to have an understanding
  of his psyche and his rather unusual physical condition.� 
Jenny had nodded sagely. She was rather relieved that the issue was being
  managed so well and that Timothy was not going to be a problem. She was most
  impressed with Lucy Ashcroft and thought that perhaps she had been rather lucky
  in it being her that had identified the problem so quickly. 
Cynthia stood in front of the door marked �Dr. Lucy Ashcroft� She knocked
  and waited until the door was opened. Timothy was utterly embarrassed by his
  long walk down the corridor. Now as he stood with Hazel holding him by the
  arm, he was aware that the whole of the rear of his body was exposed to the
  view of the offices opposite� as well as to anyone that might walk down the
  corridor. He waited, blushing profusely as a rather matronly woman of about
  forty years of age held open the door for them to enter. 
He was led into a small vestibule and stood with Hazel, waiting while the
  woman walked with Cynthia to a door at the other side of the vestibule and
  knocked. Moments later he was led through. He suddenly began to shiver as he
  saw the four women seated in a semi circle. He looked in disbelief at them
  as he was positioned in the middle of the room. Hazel stood behind him and
  positioned his arms by his side before firmly taking hold of his upper-arm
  again. 
He blushed profusely; a deep and burning blush suffused his cheeks, as his
  mother stood up and quickly kissed him on the cheek. 
�Hello Timothy, did you miss me? I understand that Hazel has been looking
  after you very well. Dr. Ashcroft has been explaining your problem to me. Weren't
  you a naughty boy for not telling me about your testicles swelling like that?
  It might have saved you from having so much discomfort. Never mind, the doctor
  has assured me that you will be fine with regular treatment.� 
Timothy could only blush in utter confusion as his mother sat down. Her casual
  mentioning of his testicles embarrassed him greatly; he had always kept his
  body private from his mother and had made sure that she never saw him undressed. 
He noticed that the two nurses Penny and Tina had entered the room from a
  door to the left of where he was standing. Through the open doorway, he saw
  to his utter dismay, the ominous shape of a modern gynaecological chair. The
  stirrups had already been extended to a high and wide stance. He shivered again
  as Penny closed the door behind her and went to stand with Tina behind the
  seated women. 
The room was large for a consulting room. Dr. Ashcroft was seated next to
  his mother. Celia Clarke was seated to her right and Vicki Grant sat on the
  other side of Dr. Ashcroft. Behind them was a long conference table which held
  several piles of paperwork. To Timothy's left was single padded stool and next
  to that was an instrument trolley, with a white cloth covering its surface.
  To his left were several instrument trolleys. Some held a variety of ominous
  looking syringes and medical instruments while others were empty as Cynthia
  had already begun placing the instruments in order on the nearest trolley.
  He had immediately recognised Celia Clarke as his school nurse. He blushed
  again as she suddenly caught his eye. Her expression betrayed no emotion as
  she looked at him calmly. 
He looked away, returning his attention reluctantly back to his mother. He
  stood in abject dismay, acutely aware of the brevity of his covering as his
  mother looked back at him, her comforting smile providing no comfort whatsoever
  to assuage his acute embarrassment. He shivered as Dr. Lucy Ashcroft spoke
  to his mother. 
�I want to show you Timothy's genitals. He has not had any semen extracted
  today, so you will be able to understand the months of difficulty he must have
  been having by not telling anyone about his problem.� 
Timothy was shivering in absolute humiliation as his mother looked at him
  intently, her eyes travelling down to the brief pants that were visible below
  the short paper gown he was wearing. 
He felt Hazel grip his arm more tightly as Dr. Ashcroft addressed her. �Hazel
  be a dear and take his gown and pants off for me, would you?� 
Timothy groaned loudly as Hazel stood behind him and began to untie the string
  of his gown. He was shivering as the gown was slipped from his shoulders and
  laid on one of the unused instrument trolleys. He felt Hazels cool hands touch
  his body, high up on either side of his waist. As she slid her hands down his
  torso towards the waist of his paper pants he groaned and suddenly grasped
  the waist of the pants in both hands. In anguish he stood defiantly holding
  the paper pants up, his knuckles white as he gripped tightly. 
Jenny watched mesmerised as Hazel merely sighed and apologised to the seated
  women. �I am sorry, he is probably just a little overwrought.� 
Timothy was absolutely shocked and flabbergasted by the cool efficiency in
  which Hazel took hold of him and sat down on the stool, before quickly bending
  him face down over her knees. The sudden upending of his body made him throw
  his hands forward, only to try and reach back again as she summilarily stripped
  his paper pants down to his knees in one deft movement. 
�Oh please no� oh no�no�no�� Timothy wailed in anguish as Hazel placed her
  hand gently and sensuously over the cheeks of his bottom. 
�Please no� please Hazel� er miss� not in front of�� 
�Slaaaaaaapppppppp.� Hazel raised her hand and brought it down over his buttocks.
  Time and time and time again her hand rose and smacked smartly down on the
  boy's upturned bottom cheeks. 
�Please� no�oh no, no, no!� 
His pleas were to no avail as Hazel soundly and thoroughly spanked his bottom.
  Over thirty sharp slaps had been administered to his bottom before she stopped. 
�Ohh oooohhhhhh� please noooo more.� The boy wailed in abject anguish and
  shame as Hazel placed her hand flat against the burning and quivering cheeks
  of his bottom. 
It was his mother's soft voice that pierced the torment of his mind. �Now
  Timothy, please don't let me down and be a naughty boy. It is the hiding of
  your genitals from me that has made you ill. Now promise me that you will be
  a good boy� please Timothy.� 
The boy was in utter turmoil as his mother spoke to him. He had hoped that
  she would have admonished Hazel for spanking him� instead she seemed unconcerned
  with the fact that he had been thoroughly spanked by his young cousin. 
�Now are you going to promise me that you will do as you are told� and behave?� 
Timothy could not believe his shame as he answered his mother. �Oh yes� Mummy� I
  promise I will be good.� 
Jenny leaned back in her chair and looked at Hazel quickly before turning
  back to look at her son's reddened face. 
�Well in that case Timothy I will take your word for it. I am rather surprised
  with you� you have been a very good little boy at home. Now lay still until
  Hazel has finished your spanking and then I want you to behave properly or
  I shall ask her to give you another one with my hairbrush until you DO behave.
  Do you understand me Timothy? 
�Oh please no more� ooooh nooooo.� He could not believe that his mother had
  considered his spanking to be unfinished. His pleas again fell on deaf ears
  as Hazel raised her hand - and to her surprise continued the spanking, which
  she also thought she had already finished. 
Timothy was beside himself with utter shame as he lay naked but for the paper
  pants around his knees, his bared bottom being soundly spanked in front of
  his mother. 
Hazel continued as the boy wriggled and sobbed on her knees. She gave him
  another thirty smacks, seeing that his bottom was absolutely bright red as
  at last she came to a halt. She could feel his body shivering as she placed
  her stinging hand gently over the burning cheeks of his bottom. She could not
  help feeling a thrill as she lifted the naked boy upright and deftly slipped
  the pants down to his ankles. She noted that he was clutching his hands to
  his groin as she knelt in front of him and slipped the garment from each of
  his feet taking the paper over-shoes with them. 
Looking up at him, her face stern and unforgiving she took his wrists in each
  hand. She stood up slowly and raised his hands and placed them on top of his
  head. She placed her left hand under his chin and raised his tearstained face
  so that he could not avoid her gaze. 
�One more act of disobedience and I shall use your mother's hairbrush to spank
  your bare bottom� DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?� 
Timothy sobbed in shame and anguish as he looked into her beautiful face. �Oh
  yes miss, sob� please miss I am sooooo sorry.� 
Hazel looked at him and stoked the tears from his cheeks her voice softened
  to a tender and caring timbre. �Right� we will continue. Now just be a good
  boy sweetie� there now� let's dry those tears�� 
She wiped away his tears with her gentle fingers playing against his burning
  cheeks and then quickly stood back as both Penny and Tina moved to each side
  of the naked boy. Together the nurses took his wrists and placed his arms outward,
  holding his forearms across their bodies. 
Jenny looked closely at her son's naked body for probably the first time for
  several years. She could see how perfectly proportioned his naked body was
  and was further intrigued to see that his penis although flaccid was very well
  developed. Even after talking to Dr. Ashcroft, she could not believe how large
  and bulbous his scrotum looked, the bag tight and bulging beneath the shaft
  of his penis. 
Lucy Ashcroft had seemingly ignored the boy's chastisement as she stood in
  front of him and beckoned Jenny Althorpe to stand with her. Timothy jolted
  as if he had been stung as he suddenly felt the cool and delicate touch against
  his timid flesh. 
The doctor's long slender fingers gently lifted his flaccid penis and held
  it out for Jenny to observe. 
�Now you will see that his foreskin is still rather tight as I slip it back
  over the corona. It shows that he has probably not indulged in masturbation.
  If you place your fingers at either side of the shaft and slide the skin up
  over the head and then withdraw it again, you will be able to feel the tightness.
  I will just make his penis erect and then you can have a feel� and judge for
  yourself.� She turned to Cynthia� �Would you spread his legs wider please and
  then attend to his bottom. I want him fully erect!� 
Both Tina and Penny had tightened their grip upon his arms as the doctor had
  begun to manipulate the flesh of his penis. They had felt his body tense and
  held him firmly so that he could not escape the touch of her fingers. 
Jenny looked towards Cynthia. She saw the girl nonchalantly coat the first
  two fingers of her right hand and then move to stand behind Timothy. Had Timothy
  been able to observe this action he might have been even more anguished than
  he was already. 
He gasped in shame and embarrassment as the doctor held his penis outwards
  for his mother's inspection, shuddering visibly as he felt Cynthia simultaneously
  slip her hand between his thighs from the rear. The young nurse's voice was
  cool and nonchalant as she spoke to him. �Stand with your legs nice and wide� come
  along now.� 
She tapped the inside of his thighs as he shuffled his knees apart until he
  was standing spread-legged. He shivered as he felt her gentle hands part his
  buttocks and her slender fingers slip inside. He shivered and shuddered as
  suddenly her finger pressed firmly against his sphincter. 
�Take a deep breath now.� Before he could comply with her instruction, she
  had slipped her finger expertly through the tightened ring of muscle and up
  into his bottom. 
�Ooooohhhhh� oh�oh.. ugghhhh.� She allowed him no time to contemplate her
  action as she quickly located his prostate gland, scoring her finger firmly
  over the intimate and sensitive mound. 
At the same time as Cynthia had penetrated his bottom Lucy Ashcroft had stretched
  the foreskin tight as she pressed against the base of his penis. In a sensual
  motion she began to slip the skin up and down the shaft, her gentle fingers
  deliberately brushing over the sensitive rim of the glans. 
�Ooooohh arrrggggghhhh.� Timothy shivered in turmoil as his senses were quickly
  alerted to the inescapable touch of their fingers upon his body. His body suddenly
  tensed and he raised himself onto the tips of his toes and Cynthia deftly slipped
  a second finger up into his bottom, stretching his anus widely. 
�There we are.� Her voice was cool and casual as he felt his penis begin to
  throb at the relentless manipulation of his flesh by the nurse and the young
  doctor. 
Jenny Althorpe could not help looking up at his face in surprise as his penis
  erected fully, the throbbing flesh engorging to a size that she thought was
  almost impossible for a boy of Timothy's age. 
Suddenly their fingers stilled. Although Cynthia was still penetrating his
  bottom she had slipped one of her fingers out of his anus and stilled the motion
  of the other. She watched as Dr. Ashcroft let the boy calm himself for a moment,
  her palm placed gently beneath the engorged flesh. 
Jenny could not believe how large Timothy's penis was as she looked at her
  son. His body was almost rigid with sensation, his head held back and his body
  tensed as he stood spread-legged and naked before her. 
Dr. Ashcroft waited until the boy stopped tensing his body. Then she spoke
  to him, delighting in his embarrassment as he looked at her. �Now keep absolutely
  still, while your mother examines your penis and testicles. 
Timothy bit his lip in shame as the doctor let his penis go and moved back.
  She took her own chair from behind her and deliberately placed it in front
  of him for his mother to sit on. She took a tissue from one of the trolleys
  and watched as Jenny cleansed her hands with the medicated wipe. 
Timothy could not help looking at his mother, trembling in shame as she sat
  down on the chair in front of him. He drew in his breath in one mighty gulp
  as he steeled himself for what must surely come next. 
His body trembled and shook as Jenny Althorpe reached forward. 








Celia Clarke watched as Cynthia extracted her fingers from the boy�s
bottom and Jenny Althorpe took a delicate hold of her son

 
   MALCOLM HAMILTON
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-06-18T16:55:00Z
  2006-06-18T16:55:00Z
  1
  4855
  27677
   LBV TELEVISION
  230
  64
  32468
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Celia Clarke
watched as Cynthia extracted her fingers from the boy�s bottom and Jenny Althorpe took a delicate hold of her son�s penis. She felt
a thrill run through her body, catching her by surprise as she watched the boy
shiver from head to foot at the touch of his mother�s fingers upon his timid
flesh.

&nbsp;

She noticed that
Jenny Althorpe, although handling her son quite
intimately, did not seem to be deriving any sexual pleasure from the encounter.
Far more interesting to Celia, was the boy�s absolute timidness
and acquiescence, especially after his sound spanking. 

&nbsp;

She watched as he
was made to bend over the stool and his mother was supplied with a rubber
glove. She could not help standing up from her seat to get an unobstructed view
as the nurses held the boy firmly while Lucy Ashcroft guided Jenny Althorpe�s hand so that she could easily penetrate her
son�s bottom, instructing her as to where to feel for his prostate.

&nbsp;

Celia knew that
she sooner or later she would have the boy at her mercy to examine and extract
his semen as and when she pleased. However her own impatience surprised her�
she knew that she just could not wait to get her hands on this perfect specimen
of a boy.

&nbsp;

She watched avidly
as the blushing young boy was returned to a standing position and made to face
the semi-circle of chairs. It puzzled Celia when Dr. Ashcroft moved her own
chair back in line with the rest and seated herself between Vicki Grant and
Jenny Althorpe. Suddenly Celia felt a thrill run
through her body as the young doctor spoke directly to her.

&nbsp;

�Nurse Clarke, as
you will be looking after Timothy�s medical welfare while he is at school, I
wonder if you would extract his semen, so that Mrs. Althorpe
can get an idea of the amount he is producing. Cynthia will stimulate his prostate
and I am sure that Mrs. Grant will collect the sample for you, so that you
don�t have to hold the container.�

&nbsp;

Celia could not
believe her ears. �So�, she thought, �the boy is to be made to stand in front
of his mother while he is forced to ejaculate�. She could not help looking up
at him; his eyes were shut tight, his face an absolute picture of distress. His
cheeks were almost purple with embarrassment and his bottom lip trembled so
much that it almost looked comical. Celia continued her inspection of his naked
form, noting that his chest was heaving irregularly above his slim waist. She
let her eyes travel down to his genitals, smiling to herself as she saw that
his penis had become almost flaccid as it hung down over his bulging testicles.

&nbsp;

She did not get up
immediately, instead she acknowledged Dr. Ashcroft before turning her head back
to the boy. She knew that sooner or later he would open his eyes to look at
her. She smiled professionally, her beautiful features and perfect teeth
masking the elation she felt as Timothy reluctantly looked at her, his face
suddenly blushing to a profuse and angry flush of redness. The deep patches of
crimson enveloped his anguished countenance and relayed to everyone his utter
embarrassment and humiliation.

&nbsp;

Celia held his
gaze as she got up from her chair and moved towards him. His eyes suddenly
turning towards his mother in utter shame as she approached his trembling form.

&nbsp;

Tina and Penny
held him firmly as Celia saw Cynthia begin to re-coat her fingers with a liberal
amount of lubricating gel.

&nbsp;

The boy suddenly
shivered as again Cynthia sat down behind him and nonchalantly slipped her
fingers between the cheeks of his bottom. He bit his lip as the beautiful young
school nurse placed her hand between his legs and casually cupped his bulging
scrotum. Celia was careful to position her body slightly to the side so that
his mother had an unobstructed view of his young body. She gently pulled his
scrotum forward and nonchalantly took hold of the tip of his penis. Timothy
shivered uncontrollably as he felt the school nurse�s cool fingers envelop his
scrotum and then the tip of his penis being held firmly and lifted up and away
from between his legs.

&nbsp;

Timothy blushed
once more as the nurse looked at him knowingly as she slipped his foreskin back
along the shaft of his penis, the coolness of her
hands accented every nuance of her touch. His utter distress delighted Celia,
she had been surprised that Dr. Ashcroft had given her the task of extracting
the boy�s semen; but she was determined to take full advantage of the
situation. She looked over his shoulder at the young nurse who was sat
patiently with her hands already lubricated.

&nbsp;

Celia looked at
Timothy�s face, noting the trembling lips and anguished expression on his face
as she spoke to him. Her voice was deliberately nonchalant, as if her treatment
of the boy was nothing more than her regular routine.

&nbsp;

Celia was
surprised at the calmness of her own voice as she looked at the almost
mischievous expression on the nurse�s face. 

&nbsp;

��Now just bend forward slightly Timothy� there
that�s the way� a little more now� so that the nurse can part your buttocks and
slip her finger up into your little bottom.�

&nbsp;

Her words had the
desired effect upon the trembling young boy. His distress suddenly accelerated
by the humiliating feeling of having the cheeks of his bottom parted, swiftly
followed by a firm pressure against his sphincter.

&nbsp;

�Oooohhh arggghh.� He moaned as his bottom was expertly
penetrated and a slender finger was pushed firmly up through his sphincter. He
had no time to recover as he suddenly felt a second finger stretch his
sphincter wide and slide up into his young bottom.

&nbsp;

�Oh� oh�� His
protestation was cut short as Celia nonchalantly took a firmer hold of his
penis and stretched the foreskin tight as her cool fingers pulled the skin back
down the shaft. She nodded to Cynthia as she curled the fingers of her left
hand tightly around his scrotum and slipped the fingers of her right hand
sensuously over the exposed head of his penis. Celia ignored the jerking of his
hips as she realised that Cynthia�s fingers had quickly and expertly located
the boy�s prostate gland. Cynthia was aware that there would now be no
constraint to the amount of stimulation she could apply inside the young boy�s
bottom.

&nbsp;

Celia was far more
skilled in stimulating the genitals of young boy�s than anyone could have
imagined. There had been only a few boys at the school that had interested her.
She had been careful to make sure that their arousal during her examination of
them had seemed entirely their own fault. 

&nbsp;

She had chided
them and made them feel so ashamed and humiliated, that she was quite sure that
they would keep their embarrassing and guilty secret entirely to themselves. 

&nbsp;

It had completely
surprised her when she had first started nursing, that she seemed to know
exactly where and how to touch a young male to elicit the maximum sexual
response. It had also come as an overwhelming realisation that she was entirely
sexually fulfilled when subjecting young males to sexual stimulation. The
thrill of having complete control over their naked bodies and being able to
subject them to the most embarrassing and humiliating positions, delighted her
more than she could ever have contemplated. Her clever use of words of
authority to completely and utterly shame her young male patients,
thrilled her just as completely as they humiliated the unfortunate subject.

&nbsp;

�Do try and keep
still Timothy, what must your mother think of you, squirming about like a
naughty child?�

&nbsp;

Timothy�s shame
was so overwhelming that he trembled and shook. The slender fingers of the
school nurse allowed him no respite from the expert sexual stimulation to his
genitals. He could feel his penis throb uncontrollably, knowing that his shameful
arousal was in full view of his mother.

&nbsp;

The nurse
continued to skilfully arouse his tender flesh. Her deft touch and expert
knowledge of the most sensitive areas of his body allowed her to completely
control his emotions. Occasionally she would glance over his shoulder at the
young nurse who was seated behind him and casually instruct her to further
inflame his timid and reluctant sexual arousal. 

&nbsp;

�If you would curl
your finger upwards for a moment���� a
little firmer if you would dear� ah� yes that seems to be doing the trick� and
now if you prod the gland� ah yes that�s the way!� 

&nbsp;

Her voice was
always calm and measured� and yet her fingers busied themselves over the boy�s
penis and scrotum, allowing him no respite from her relentless and expert stimulation
of his young flesh. Her slender hands seemed to seek out every nuance of
emotion from her ministrations, inexorably forcing his tender young flesh to
reluctantly respond. 

&nbsp;

The shame that
Timothy felt was beyond anything he could have imagined. Even within his
experiences of the last week, nothing had prepared him for this.

&nbsp;

To be made to
ejaculate! Not just in response to the ministrations of one of the prettiest
girls he had ever seen� but in full view of his mother. He could not have
articulated his feelings, but hidden deep down within him was the knowledge
that not only would his mother witness the emission of semen from his penis,
but that she would observe his deepest sexual emotion. He shivered, his body
trembling violently from head to toe, as the horror of his situation enveloped
and saturated his thoughts.

&nbsp;

Celia deftly and
expertly manipulated the swollen flesh of his penis. Without one thought to his
modesty she scored her fingernail across the opening of the urethra, feeling
his body shiver uncontrollable as she stretched the foreskin back tightly so
the opening was further exposed. Her words shamed him as she addressed his
mother, her smile bright and her voice matter of fact.

&nbsp;

�You can see how
easily he can be aroused, little boys have no control over their emotions. He
will ejaculate quite soon�� Celia looked at the boy�s mother as she leaned
forward and gazed intently at his penis. 

&nbsp;

�Ah I see Mrs.
Grant is ready with the specimen jar��

&nbsp;

�Vicki smiled at the pretty young school nurse
as she stood at the other side of the boy so that Jenny Althorpe
would have an unobstructed view of the manipulation to the boy�s genitalia.

&nbsp;

Cynthia was
thrusting firmly, her fingers deep inside the young boy�s bottom. She could
feel the sphincter suddenly tighten as she stabbed at the sensitive mound of
his prostate gland. She slapped his bottom cheeks with her free hand as his
sphincter suddenly constricted in a reluctant spasm. The slap alerted Mrs.
Grant who held the container against the tip of his penis. Celia seemingly
ignored the boy�s distress as she quickened her fingers over his penis and at
the same time squeezed his scrotum firmly.

&nbsp;

Jenny Althorpe could not help looking up at her young son�s face,
seeing his contorted expression as the first jet of semen erupted from the tip
of his penis. His cry of orgasmic distress filled the room as he ejaculated.

&nbsp;

�Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh� ooooooooooooooooOOOOHHH.� He could not contain his emotion, or the trembling of
his limbs, as he was deftly and expertly milked to a thorough ejaculation by
the two young nurses.

&nbsp;

His sexual torment
seemed to go on forever as the pretty young nurses, seemingly oblivious to his
distress, manipulated his flesh with consummate skill. Every nuance of sexual
stimulation was applied to his thrusting penis and bulging testicles, his
bottom penetrated deeply and effectively as he ejaculated helplessly and
shamefully into the specimen jar.

&nbsp;

Mrs. Grant could
not help addressing the boy, deliberately adding to his shame as she spoke
softly as if he were a young child. �There, what a good boy you are� let me
have a nice big sample now� there that�s the way��

&nbsp;

Two fingers
deliberately jabbed deep into his bottom, forcing his hips forward as a series
of slaps were applied to his buttocks. His ejaculation seemed endless, even as
he thought that he could ejaculate no more, fingers would firmly prod deep
inside his bottom and his testicles would be squeezed, forcing his penis to
produce further tormented emissions of semen.

&nbsp;

They held him in
the throes of anguish and ecstasy, allowing his shivering body no respite.

&nbsp;

�Argggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� He wailed as his anguish prompted him to
cry out in distress. He could see his mother through the tears that had welled
up in his eyes. Her expression appeared cool and clinical as to his absolute shame, another jet of semen was cruelly extracted from him.

&nbsp;

He shivered as a
further three loud slaps were applied to the quivering cheeks of his bottom and
he was forced, shivering and trembling, to a last tormented emission of semen.
The cool hands of the nurse squeezed his scrotum hard as the fingers of her
other hand milked the entire length of his penis, drawing out the remaining few
globules of semen.

&nbsp;

Celia�s voice was
calm and nonchalant as she addressed the boy�s mother. �As you can see the
slaps to his bottom draw the blood to the required area, allowing one to
extract the maximum semen at any one session. You will be able to milk him
quite effectively with the help of one, or ideally two nurses.�

&nbsp;

Timothy nearly
fainted away as he heard the nurse�s words. Surely his mother would not be
extracting his semen. The very thought sent shivers through his spine. His face
blushed so profusely that his cheeks were blotched in shades of deep purple, such was the depth of his shame.

&nbsp;

It was Dr.
Ashcroft who spoke as Cynthia withdrew her fingers from Timothy�s bottom and
the young school nurse nonchalantly allowed his swollen penis to hang down
between his widely spread legs. She took the specimen jar from Mrs. Grant and
held it towards Mrs. Althorpe.

&nbsp;

�You can see just
how much semen he is producing. It is most unusual in a boy of his age.

&nbsp;

Timothy�s mouth
was agape with silent indignation as he observed his mother examining the test
tube. He shivered as the nurses placed his arms to his sides. One of the nurses
bent forward and deftly slapped a steaming hot towel to his genitals. She did
not seem the least concerned at his protestations as she roughly wiped the towel
around his genitals. He gasped as she took his penis in her hand and retracted
the foreskin before applying the rough towelling to the tender flesh beneath
the glans.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

*

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Further
indignities had been heaped upon Timothy during that afternoon. To his utter
shame, his mother had witnessed the second extraction of semen which had been
carried out with him laid out on the examination couch. His legs had been
fastened into the leather clad chromium hoops of the stirrups. His bottom had
been thoroughly penetrated by Doctor Ashcroft, while Cynthia had expertly
manipulated the sensitive flesh of his young penis. He had turned his head into
the pillow in utter shame as he was forced to a second humiliating and shameful
ejaculation. Each time he thought of the events of the afternoon, he blushed,
even though he was now alone in the small single bed dormitory ward of the
medical centre.

&nbsp;

He had been laid
upon the bed by the two nurses who in turn had been supervised by the petite
medical assistant. His naked body had been covered by a single sheet and two
blankets. They had positioned his hands so that his head was resting on his
palms. The sheet and blanket had been pulled up under his arms and tucked in
under the mattress. He had not been able to avoid shedding a tear of self pity
as Cynthia had leaned over him and kissed him tenderly on his burning cheek.
�There now, just try and get some rest� someone will be in later to bring you
your supper.�

&nbsp;

Timothy must have
dozed off almost immediately after his supper; the traumas of the day had
caused him physical as well as emotional fatigue. Now as he opened his eyes
sleepily, he saw that the room was in semi-darkness apart from a ceiling light
that bathed the bed in a gentle light. He turned his head to the side, noting
that his tray had been removed. He could hardly recall eating his supper but
remembered that the nurse who had brought it into the small private ward had
been a jolly girl. Although she was extremely pretty, like all the staff at the
clinic, she had joked with him and put him at his ease. Perhaps it was also the
fact that she had not been involved with his treatment and that his body was
fully covered that had lifted his spirits.

&nbsp;

He looked around
the ward, noting for the first time the various instrument trolleys covered
with surgical sheets. The trolleys had been pushed against the far wall leaving
space around his bed. The bed itself was a very modern piece of apparatus, with
electric motors for adjusting, height, back and head rest and side rails. He did
not see the stirrups which were incorporated into the side of the bed and were
tucked away out of sight. He looked across at the huge chromium plated machine
which stood against the wall. It reached from floor to ceiling, looking very
complex with its many dials and knobs. Several tubes hung down from the machine
in loops, the ends of these passing back into the machine through hatches and
deep apertures. He could detect a slight hum coming from the apparatus but had
no idea what its purpose was, supposing wrongly that it was some kind of
resuscitator. 

&nbsp;

Timothy turned his
head towards the door as he heard the handle turn and saw a beam of light
appear as it opened quietly. He could see a silhouetted figure approach the bed
and suddenly recognized the nurse that had brought his supper earlier that
evening. She was carrying a tray with a cup and saucer placed upon it.

&nbsp;

�Hello Sunshine� I
didn�t know whether you would still be asleep. I suppose you must have had a
busy day. I brought you a cup of sweet tea in case you were awake. I always
like to drink tea when I wake up� just let me put the tray down and then I will
raise the back rest so you can sit up a bit.�

&nbsp;

Timothy watched
her, noting her trim figure and pretty face as she placed the tray on the
bedside cabinet and fiddled with the control panel of the bed which was on a
short lead which extended from the bed head. A whirring sound accompanied the
raising of the bed head and Timothy felt his upper body being raised to a
semi-sitting position. He continued watching the young nurse as she fetched a
chair from the far side of the room and brought it to his bedside. She handed
him his tea before sitting down facing him as he brought the cup to his lips.

&nbsp;

The sweetened tea
was hot and he sipped it gently. Timothy was able to observe the nurse as he
sipped his tea. Her face was unusually pretty. She was one of those girls in a
million who were blessed with perfect skin and bone structure. She had no need
of face make-up; her skin was an impossibly clear and smooth complexion. Her
lips were a natural pale pink with a dimple at each corner of her mouth
accenting the perfect symmetry of their shape.�
Her eyes, which were of an almost translucent green, seemed to dance
with light as she looked at him. She bore an air of innocence and purity that
put the boy instantly at ease. Timothy could not help returning her genuine
smile as she leaned her elbow against the bed.

&nbsp;

Her uniform was a
fitted tunic made of fine white cotton. Her breasts were full and firm beneath
the smooth cloth, the nipples occasionally outlining themselves against the
fine gleaming white material as she leaned forward. A dark blue belt was
fastened tightly around her tunic amplifying the impossible narrowness of her
waist. She glanced down at her knees as she saw the boy�s eyes wander to the
hem of her skirt, which had risen to mid-thigh as she sat beside the bed.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�I didn�t
introduce myself; my name is Helen� that is I suppose I should say� Staff Nurse
Dowling.� She placed her finger and thumb against the badge that she wore above
her left breast and turned it towards him so that he could read it.

&nbsp;

�You can call me
Helen, or Nurse Dowling or just Nurse if you would prefer. Are you comfortable�
would you like me to remake your bed?�

&nbsp;

Timothy shook his
head hastily. �Oh no miss� I mean nurse� I am very comfortable thank you.

&nbsp;

The nurse smiled
widely, her lips revealing perfectly even white teeth as she looked at him.
�Well you certainly are polite. Look I have got half an hour or so, I can stay
and talk if you would like me to. It must be pretty boring just laid in bed.�

&nbsp;

�Oh yes� I mean if
you would.� Timothy almost stammered his reply as the nurse made a funny face
and smiled at him with an even wider smile.

&nbsp;

�Well you can
start by telling me about yourself� I bet you like sport!�

&nbsp;

It was Timothy�s
turn to smile as he shrugged his shoulders and nodded. �I do I like ball
sports, but my favourite sport is athletics.

&nbsp;

The nurse smiled
at him and laughed gently. �I knew you were going to be good company� so we
don�t have to talk entirely about football!�

&nbsp;

Timothy laughed,
suddenly feeling completely at ease as the nurse gently prompted him about his
interest in athletics.

&nbsp;

�So tell me, at
which event do you think you are best� and then you can tell me all about your
triumphs� I bet you like winning� am I right?�

&nbsp;

Timothy had warmed
completely to the young nurse. Immediately he began to tell her about his best
events, becoming completely absorbed in the subject as she skilfully prompted
him with questions that had him talking incessantly. Soon he had forgotten his
traumatic day; instead he conversed earnestly with the young nurse, sometimes
completely surprised by her knowledge of athletics. He did not notice her
casually look at the watch which hung upside down from a neat ribbon above the
badge on her tunic. She listened to him intently as she noted that almost an
hour had passed since she first came into the room.

&nbsp;

She had noticed
his progress from initial apprehension to an easy and forthright manner as she conversed
with him. She had made sure that she did not talk down to him or appear
condescending. As his confidence grew she had been able to observe him without
his noticing her interest.

&nbsp;

The sheet and
blankets were still wrapped around him tightly and the athleticism of his form
was clearly outlined. She had noted the neatness and perfect arrangement of his
facial features and had also realised that he was quite bright and occasionally
quick witted, especially when he had made a joke at his own expense while
discussing a race he had lost far too easily. She knew that her looks and
demeanour had helped the boy to become almost natural and at ease in her
presence.

&nbsp;

Suddenly the room
became bathed in bright light as door opened. Cynthia and Susie Jenkins entered
the now brightly lit ward. They were both dressed in smart white cotton medical
tunics which were cut to just above the knee. Helen Dowling did not need a
second glass to know that they were wearing very little beneath the fine cotton
of their tunics. Their lightly tanned legs were bare and both girls wore petite
sandals which consisted merely of a sole for the foot with criss-crossed ties
that ended in a bow at mid-calf. Helen guessed that they had studied their
appearance carefully before entering the small ward. Helen looked at Timothy
and saw the merest blush on his young cheeks as he eyed the two girls warily.

&nbsp;

It was Cynthia who
spoke first as both girls came to a halt at the opposite side of the bed to
Helen.

&nbsp;

�Ah Nurse Dowling
I am pleased you are still here, would you please put Timothy in the stirrups.
I would like his legs spread as wide as possible please. After that I would be
grateful if you would lubricate his bottom� there is a suitable syringe in the
refrigerated drawer of the bedside cabinet. I need a thorough lubrication of
his sphincter and anus as we will be using the irrigator� the nozzle is rather
wider than we normally use on little boys.�

&nbsp;

Timothy looked at
the Nurse Dowling in horror. His embarrassment could not have acute than it was
at this moment. The young nurse did not seem at all perturbed by what she had
been asked to do. Her expression was cool and appraising as she looked into his
face. It was suddenly all too much for Timothy, his face began to redden with a
deep and burning blush. He turned his head to the pillow, conscious of her
movements as she stood up. In utter shame he tried to force his face further
into the pillow as he felt her lower the head rest and then bend over him as
she released catches at either side of the headrest, allowing it to lay flat,
extending the top of the bed by a further two feet. He shivered as she lowered
the covers down to his waist and took his wrists. He could not help himself as
he quickly glanced at her face as she raised his arms and laid them out above
his head. �Now just keep your hands where I have placed them Timothy.� Both
Susie and Cynthia Jenkins watched with amusement at the agonising embarrassment
of the young boy

&nbsp;

�Look at me,�
Nurse Dowling said softly as she placed her hand under his chin and turned his
head towards her. �There that�s better I can see you when I talk to you now.�
Nonchalantly she took the covers and without a moments hesitation stripped them
down to the foot of the bed, revealing his naked body to the strong overhead
lights.

&nbsp;

Timothy groaned as
he felt the cool air accented his embarrassing nakedness. He watched as the
nurse brought up the stirrup from the side of the bed. Hearing it click into
place before watching her move to the other side and elevating the other
stirrup. He closed his eyes in shame as he felt her cool hands slip beneath his
calf muscle. Gently she raised his left leg until it was placed in the soft
leather of the stirrup. He felt absolutely naked and humiliated as she returned
to the other side off the bed and gently raised his other leg until she could
place it into the stirrup. He looked away in shame only to see the other two
nurses looking down at his naked body. He blushed again, his face going from
bright red to a deep purple hue as the two young nurses openly admired his
naked body.

&nbsp;

�Don�t be alarmed
if you hear a whirring sound Timothy. I am just going to adjust each stirrup,
so that your legs are nice and wide, then I will be able to get at your little
bottom.�

&nbsp;

He gasped as she
took hold of the wired control unit and pressed several switches. The nurse�s
lips were pursed in concentration as she watched the stirrups widening until
his legs were stretched widely apart. He could feel his penis and testicles
hang down from between his legs as she continued to widen and raise the
stirrups, raising his bottom completely up from the surface of the bed.

&nbsp;

�O�ooooh,� Timothy groaned as he felt his legs stretched
even further apart. Nurse Dowling did not seem at all concerned with his
embarrassment or his discomfort as she let go of the control unit and took a
wedge shaped pillow from beneath the bed and placed it under his buttocks.

&nbsp;

�There now, does
that feel alright, the wedge should support your back� your legs are not
straining are they?�

&nbsp;

Timothy could only
murmur and incoherent reply as the nurse bent over the bedside cabinet which
contained a cooled section. She stood up watching his face as she held out a
large blue plastic syringe.

&nbsp;

�Now I am just
going to lubricate your bottom, so try not to fidget.� Timothy watched in
absolute horror as the nurse moved to the side of the room and wheeled an
instrument trolley to the side of the bed. She laid the syringe down and
proceeded to don surgical gloves. She could see the boy watching her warily as
she snapped the wrists of the gloves as she smoothed them over her hands.

&nbsp;

It was if Timothy
was in a trance he could not seem to take his eyes off the nurse as he watched
her take the syringe out of the wrapper. He knew without doubt that the syringe
was even larger than the one he had experienced earlier in the day. The
egg-shaped end looked as if it would be impossible to fit into his bottom and
yet he knew that this was what was going to happen.

&nbsp;

�Now the trick is
to relax and let me do all the work, do you think you can do that for me
sweetie? Now I am just going to detach the end of the bed and then you can show
me what a brave boy you are going to be.�

&nbsp;

He looked across
at the other nurses as if asking them for help. Instead he saw amusement on their
faces as Nurse Dowling moved down to the end of the bed and slid open the
catches. She pulled the end section and wheeled it out of the way satisfied
that Timothy�s raised buttocks were now overhanging the end of the bed. She
moved away as Timothy watched her movements in absolute horror. She retuned to
the trolley and once more picked up the oversized syringe. It was a mixture of
morbid curiosity and fear that compelled Timothy to watch as she depressed the
plunger until beads of clear jell emerged from the multiple holes of the
egg-shaped nozzle.

&nbsp;

He could not help
the shudder of trepidation that coursed through his body as she moved to stand
between his widely spread legs.

&nbsp;

�Right sweetheart,
I will just loosen you up with my fingers� so just relax and you will be fine.�
He still could not help watching her as she depressed the plunger, allowing
clear jell to run over her fingers. To His dismay she smeared the lubricant
over the entire length of the two forefingers of her right hand.

&nbsp;

Helen Dowling looked
at the boy�s naked body, her clinical gaze admiring and noting every inch of
him. She was absolutely delighted at having such a beautiful boy entirely at
her mercy. She laid the syringe down on the end of the bed and looked him
straight in the eye before turning her attention to his genitals. She noted
that his penis was plump but showed no sign of an erection. His swollen
testicles were tight in their sac, the young skin bulging with the swollen
orbs. His penis lay over his testicles the tip pointing downwards between his
widely spread legs.

&nbsp;

She made sure that
she had his full attention before she reached forward and delicately took hold
of the tip of his penis between her finger and thumb. She watched his face
noting the sheer embarrassment and torment in his expression as she made her
first intimate contact. She saw him flinch, his abject dismay causing him to
groan as she gently lifted his penis away from his testicles and laid it gently
upon his stomach so that the tip was pointing upwards towards his head. She
looked at him, her beautifully angelic face showing mock surprise as he
shivered before her in utter embarrassment.

&nbsp;

Nonchalantly she
lifted his testicles with her left hand and placed her lubricated fingers
between the trembling cheeks of his bottom. Her excitement knew no bounds as
she touched his flesh.

&nbsp;

�Oooohhh�. Arrggghh� nurse.� He
moaned involuntarily as her felt the first touch of her fingers and the cold
gel of the lubricant. She did not heed him as she began to probe the sensitive
flesh of his sphincter. �Ooops there we are�� He
suddenly felt a finger tip slip through his sphincter. This was quickly
followed by an intense pressure as a second finger was expertly introduced
through the sensitive ring of his sphincter. 

&nbsp;

Timothy was in utter
torment as he felt his sphincter being explored and probed by the young nurse.
Her sweet and innocent face belied the utter humiliation that she was
subjecting him to. Just ten minutes before, she had made him feel grown up and
at ease. Had he suspected that she would be subjecting him to such humiliating
treatment, he would have died with shame. As he looked at her through his mist
of shame, it seemed almost incredible to Timothy that such an innocent looking
girl had nonchalantly touched his penis and testicles and then proceeded to
probe his bottom with such an apparently carefree attitude. He felt a tear of
shame run down his cheek as her fingers probed deeper into his bottom.

&nbsp;

�Arggghhhh.� He groaned and lifted his bottom from the wedge shaped support as her
fingers suddenly located his prostate. He moaned in shame as suddenly he felt
his penis engorge as her finger tips roamed over the very core of his sexual
organs. �Oooohhhhhhhhhh� er misss.� He hissed as
expertly she expertly sank the entire length of her two fingers up into his
bottom. She began thrusting and scissoring her fingers, the tips roaming freely
over the sensitive surface of his prostate glands. He turned his head into the
pillow as his penis began to engorge. He could feel the telltale signs of his
penis erecting, the tip suddenly raising from his tummy and pulsing with
involuntary spasms.

&nbsp;

His embarrassment
was complete as she spoke to him. �Oh Timothy, look your penis is getting
stiff. I suppose little boys just have no control over their emotions.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Oh look it�s bouncing up and down on your tummy



 
   MALCOLM HAMILTON
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-07-25T00:21:00Z
  2006-07-25T00:21:00Z
  1
  14290
  81457
   LBV TELEVISION
  678
  191
  95556
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Oh look it�s
bouncing up and down on your tummy.� She shook her head as if bewildered. �Oh
dear Timothy, I thought you would have had more control over yourself than
this!�

&nbsp;

It was Cynthia
that replied to the nurse as she casually placed her hand gently on the inside
of Timothy�s thigh. The gesture was not unplanned as she knew that it would
accent his nakedness and further emphasise his vulnerability. �I know nurse;
young boys really do not have any self-control. That is why Timothy is not
allowed to touch his own penis. I am sure that given the chance he would turn
to self abuse� which of course would ruin the doctor�s progress. We will be
keeping him firmly in check while he is here at the clinic.�

&nbsp;

Timothy groaned in
shame not just at the embarrassment of the damming and shameful words, but also
as Cynthia casually took hold of his penis and slipped the foreskin down the
shaft. Her fingers casually encircled the base of the shaft exposing the head
of the penis fully as she bent forward, her face only inches from the tip of
his penis. 

&nbsp;

Nurse Dowling
cleverly manipulated her fingers inside the boy�s bottom. She could see that
the penis throbbed in direct response to the thrust of her fingers against his
prostate gland. Her utter delight in handling the boy was carefully hidden
behind her innocent look of concentration as she diligently probed and thrust
her fingers between his bottom cheeks.

&nbsp;

Cynthia quickly
glanced at her sister as she moved to stand in front of the irrigation machine.
She watched as Susie began to set up the machine for operation. She smiled at
her before turning her face back towards Nurse Dowling.

&nbsp;

�If you look at
the penis head you will see that it is quite engorged. The doctor will be
coming in after he has had his colonic irrigation. She will take two samples of
semen from him� the second one after a twenty minute interval. The sample will
be analysed for sperm count and then frozen for the IVF service. If you lift
his scrotum, you will notice that his testicles are very swollen, the doctor is
hoping to reduce any discomfort he may have� as I believe that when the boy was
first examined his scrotum could hardly accommodate the testes without severe
discomfort.�

&nbsp;

Nurse Downing
nodded as she gently lifted up the swollen scrotal sac from between his legs.
She ignored the boy�s gasp of embarrassment as she carefully examined his
testicles. She thrust her fingers fully up into the young boy as she gently let
her hand explore the fullness of his scrotum, casually weighing them before she
let them rest down between his widely parted legs.

&nbsp;

�I think you will
find that his bottom will accommodate the nozzle now.� She whispered to Cynthia
before turning her attention back to Timothy. �Now just relax and keep your
bottom still.� No sooner had she uttered the words than she slipped her fingers
quickly from his bottom and without further warning pushed the nozzle of the
syringe firmly through the opening of his sphincter. She watched the ring of
muscle stretch wide as the nozzle slid lazily up through the opening.

&nbsp;

�Argggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh.�
Timothy groaned mightily as she pushed upwards with the syringe. The size of
the nozzle seemed to seemed to stretch his bottom wider than he had ever
thought possible. Suddenly, with a final acceleration, the bulbous tip slipped
inside.

&nbsp;

�Argggghhhh�
oooooooOOOOHHHH.� He groaned as tried to move his bottom to rid himself of the
impalement. His movement was to no avail, impeded as it was by the angle of his
legs lying inside the stirrup cups. Nonchalantly the nurse pressed the plunger
home with a rapid movement of her hand, shooting a large volume of gel up into
his bottom. Although she knew exactly the effect this would have upon the boy,
her facial expression showed no apparent concern for his feelings. Cynthia held
his penis firmly as all of the gel was expelled in a rapid jet up into his
bottom.

&nbsp;

�OoooooohhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHH.�
The involuntarily gasp of anguish was ripped from the boy�s lips as suddenly
his bottom was filled with cold lubricating gel. It seemed to invade his very
being; totally enveloping his prostate gland to such an extent that it felt as
if it had reached inside to the very tip of his penis. The feeling it produced
in his genitals was utterly devastating. His penis felt as if it would explode,
such was the excruciating sensation he felt as the sudden surge of cold gel
rushed inside him.

&nbsp;

�Ooooohhhh�oh
pleeeeease nurse� oh�oh. Cynthia quickly took her hand away from his penis,
suddenly frightened that he might ejaculate right there and then. She looked at
the boy, intrigued at the sight of his naked body as he thrashed his head from
left to right in utter torment.

&nbsp;

Quickly she
crossed over to the sink and held a soft cloth under the cold tap. Returning to
the bedside she thrust the wet cloth firmly over his penis and testicles. She
delighted in his gasp as the cold cloth enveloped his inflamed penis and
testicles.

&nbsp;

Both Cynthia and
the nurse exchanged glances as they watched the boy�s anguish gradually
subside. Nurse Dowling nodded to Cynthia as she watched her lift the cloth from
his genitals, exposing his now flaccid penis to their interested gaze.

&nbsp;

Without any
warning to the young boy, Nurse Dowling quickly pulled the nozzle from his
bottom. His whole body immediately stiffened as if he had been electrocuted.
His young bottom raised from the bed in anguished response as the bulbous tip
once more stretched his sphincter wide. Nurse Dowling looked him in the eye as
she spoke. �Now young man, I want you to keep your bottom still while Miss
Jenkins inserts the irrigator. I am just going to check that you are well
lubricated. She slipped both fingers between the cheeks of his bottom. Even
though he had tried to clench his buttocks, she found that her fingers slipped
easily up into the opening of the sphincter. She could see that the boy�s
cheeks had flushed to an even deeper shade of red as she swirled her fingers
around inside. Casually she withdrew her hand and discarded the rubber gloves
she had been wearing. As if it was of no consequence, she flipped the very tip
of his penis so that it rolled against his stomach as she spoke to him. Her
voice was stern and her expression cool and clinical. �I hope that you are
going to be a little more obedient when Miss Jenkins inserts the irrigator into
your bottom.�

&nbsp;

She looked
intently at his blushing countenance, waiting to catch his eye. She knew that
he would not be able to avoid looking at her if she waited long enough for him
to answer. �Well Timothy�?�

&nbsp;

In a haze of
embarrassment and humiliation he looked at the angelic face of the young nurse,
his cheeks reddening to a deep shade of crimson as he addressed her. �Oh er�
please nurse� I will try really er nurse.� He blushed further as his eyes
dropped to look at his own naked body splayed out obscenely to the view of the
young nurses. He saw his penis move against his raised pubis as the nurse
casually lifted his testicles in the palm of her hand. He knew that she was
waiting for him to look at her before she spoke to him. As if he had no will of
his own, he raised his eyes towards the beautifully innocent face of the young
nurse. 

&nbsp;

�Now just try and
be brave while Miss Jenkins inserts the irrigator.�� The nurse patted his stomach as she lifted
his testicles upwards until the skin was pulled tight. Susie Jenkins moved to
stand in-between his legs; immediately, Timothy tried to clench his buttocks as
he saw the size of the irrigator nozzle for the first time. He could not
believe the size of the device that the young girl intended to force into his
bottom. The chromium adapter had two clear plastic tubes trailing from it. One
was twice the diameter of the other. Above the adapter, a pink phallic shaped
plastic nozzle glistened with lubricating gel. The nozzle had a variety of
holes bored into the shaft of the plastic as well as three irregular large
holes at the end. Below the stem a bulbous flange protruded and then narrowed
to a slimmer circumference, leaving a slender length which joined the metal
adapter holding the pipes. There was a thumbwheel on the metal flange which
allowed an inner tube to be projected upwards through the largest of the holes
in the tip of the nozzle.

&nbsp;

Timothy gasped as
Susie Jenkins spoke to him. Her voice was light and unconcerned as she held up
the huge nozzle. �The secret is to relax your bottom completely. It may seem
rather invasive at first but you will soon get used to it.� She gave him a
professional smile as she bent her head and placed the nozzle between the
cheeks of his bottom. 

&nbsp;

Ominously Nurse
Dowling and Cynthia Jenkins placed the flat of their palms upon his chest,
effectively holding his body still as Susie nonchalantly slipped two of her
fingers straight up into his bottom and swirled them around to re-lubricate his
sphincter. �Just relax, there� now breathe in� come along now� a nice deep
breath.� Anxiously Timothy took a gulp of air, his body trembling as he felt
her slip her fingers from his bottom and replace them with what seemed like an
impossibly large ice cold plastic nozzle.

&nbsp;

�Come along� nice
deep breaths now.� Timothy tried to obey but gasped loudly, expelling his
breath as Susie nonchalantly forced his sphincter wide as she penetrated him
with the irrigator nozzle.

&nbsp;

�Arrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�.oooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOHH.
Mmmmppphhh� 

The cry of anguish
was cut short as Timothy drew breath in short anguished gasps. He felt as if he
was being split in two as the nozzle was deftly inserted up into his bottom.
His whole body became rigid as Susie casually slid the device further up into
him, stretching his sphincter wide as the flange suddenly disappeared as if
being sucked into his bottom. The device seemed to invade his entire being as
Susie wiggled the adapter to make sure that it was being held firm.

&nbsp;

Nurse Dowling
looked down at the stricken boy. She felt a sexual thrill run through her body
as she saw him being impaled by the huge nozzle of the colonic irrigator. She
stroked her hand over his heaving chest as she held his testicles firmly in her
other hand. She could not have imagined how excited she felt at having such a
good looking boy completely in her control. She saw his eyes look anxiously at
Susie as she addressed him once more. �Now� there is no need to make a fuss
when I switch on the irrigator. It will feel strange at first, but you will
soon get used to it.� Timothy could only look at her in anguish as she turned
and walked towards the controls of the irrigator. Timothy eyes followed her as
she stood before the machine and pressed a single green button. He could see
the two pipes that led from the machine begin to pulse as water seemed rush
down the pipes. At the same time he felt a sucking motion in his bottom.
Suddenly his body stiffened and he tried to raise his chest from the bed. The
sensation he felt was incredible, as if he was being milked from the inside.
His penis seemed to tingle through its entire length, at the same time, it
seemed as if, a thousand fingers were caressing him inside his bottom.

&nbsp;

�Arggggggggggghhhh�
ooohhh�ohhh.oooohhh.� He could not contain his emotions as jets of water invaded
his bottom and colon; his penis began to throb in an anguished ecstasy as the
water began to do its work. The suction tube seemed to softly claw at the base
of his penis as if it was a milking machine. The whole experience was both
anguished and sensual, an experience like nothing he had ever felt before. He
looked down at himself, utterly embarrassed as he saw his penis beginning to
erect.

&nbsp;

His embarrassment
came to the fore as he looked at the nurses; their expressions were cool and
clinical as they observed his involuntary gyrations were being strictly limited
by the stirrups; seemingly unconcerned that the machine was invading the very
core of his being. Utterly humiliated he looked at each nurse in turn, only to
see that none of them seemed to have any concern for his anguish.

&nbsp;

Nurse Dowling
looked at him as she let go of his testicles and lifted her hand from his
chest. �Right Timothy, Miss Jenkins is going to leave the machine on low for a
while and then she will finish off the last twenty minutes on medium. Try and
keep still� and be a good boy.� She looked down at his genitals knowing that
the boy�s eyes would follow hers. His penis had started to throb and seemed to
be bouncing against his stomach of its own volition. She tutted as if his erection
was entirely his fault as she moved away to talk with Susie and Cynthia Jenkins
in the corner of the room, well out of his earshot.

&nbsp;

The girls were
well aware of what the boy must be feeling as the irrigator had been set on
�pulse�. High pressure jets of warm and cold water were pulsed from each hole
of the nozzle. The sensations the machine produced were also aided by the
strong sucking motion of the collection tube. The suction was timed in two
second intervals, taking two seconds to complete. The suction was so strong as
to move the nozzle up and down over the prostate gland as it collected any
waste matter loosened by the jets of water.

&nbsp;

Timothy could not
contain his anguish as he gasped and groaned at the sensations within his
bottom. He could not help twitching and jerking as the nozzle scored over his
prostate gland. His shame was paramount as his fully erect penis stood up from
between his widely spread legs. Timothy could not help look down at himself, or
control his penis as it throbbed and pulsed of its own volition, signalling his
shameful arousal. The nurses looked at him from time to time as they went about
their work. Their expressions exacerbating his shame as they observed his
throbbing erection with cool clinical appraisal. They wheeled trolleys over to
the side of the bed which had been filled with a variety of medical instruments
and other paraphernalia such as surgical gloves, lubricating gels, etc.

&nbsp;

Timothy suddenly
became very apprehensive as Suzie Jenkins and Nurse Dowling approached him.
They stood by his waist at either side of the bed and watched as Cynthia stood
between his legs. Nonchalantly they watched her as she reached between his
bottom cheeks and turned the thumbwheel of the nozzle fully forward.
Immediately Timothy felt the water begin to pulse further up into his bottom.

&nbsp;

Ominously both
Suzie Jenkins and Nurse Dowling placed their hands flat upon his chest hand
held his body firmly as Cynthia walked over to the controls of the irrigator. 

&nbsp;

�Arggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh�.
ooooooOOOHHHH� ooohh� ooohh� Timothy cried out in utter anguish, his cries
interceded by gasps of drawn in breath. Pulses of water seemed to invade every
nerve of his body. The sinews in his legs stiffened and he lifted his bottom
off the bed in utter abandonment as an intense and almost unbearable pulsing
invaded his very being.

&nbsp;

�Oooooohhhh �
pleeeeeeeeeeease� er nooooooooooo.� He could not contain his abject dismay as
the nurses observed his distress with cool expressions. Their beautiful faces
looking down on him as shivered and shook in torment. He felt as if the inside
of his penis was being penetrated by a most agonisingly exquisite sexual
torment. He looked up at he nurses in shame as nurse Dowling turned her head to
look at his throbbing penis. Reluctantly Timothy followed her gaze to see that
several beads of clear liquid had emerged from the tip of his penis.

&nbsp;

Cynthia had moved
to stand in between his legs as she watched the anguished shivering figure of
the young boy. With a detached air she spoke to Nurse Dowling as if the boy�s
gyrations were of no consequence. �Hold him still for two more minutes would
you nurse and then I think that will be enough.�

&nbsp;

Timothy was
gasping for breath and groaning in anguish as the nurses held him for what seemed
like an eternity. He was near to fainting, his eyes tightly shut and his mouth
gaping open when suddenly all sensations ceased.

&nbsp;

His shame was
paramount as the girls, seemingly indifferent to his agonising experience,
lifted their hands from his chest. It was Nurse Dowling who leaned right over
him, placing her weight against his body, her soft breasts pressed against him,
as Suzie Jenkins placed her hands at either side of his temples and held his
head firmly.

&nbsp;

Immediately
Timothy felt an acute sensation in his bottom. It felt as if his sphincter was
being stretched to a new extreme as Cynthia casually pulled the nozzle from his
bottom in one practised movement.

&nbsp;

Timothy tried to
rear up as the Nurse looked into his eyes. Her beautifully innocent expression
made him feel utterly foolish and gauche as he tried to lift his body from the
bed. The sensation in his bottom robbed him of any semblance of self control as
he struggled with the sensation of having his sphincter stretched so wide.

&nbsp;

The next few minutes
were utterly shaming to the young boy as the girls wiped his body with soft
moist tissues. His final humiliation came when Nurse Dowling casually took a
firm hold of his penis and pulled the foreskin back tightly. She seemed utterly
indifferent to his embarrassment and shame as she carefully wiped the tip.
Deftly she took more tissues and, casually lifting his testicles upwards from
between his legs, wiped his bottom as if he was a young child.

&nbsp;

Lucy Ashcroft
looked in the mirror. Her naked body looked lithe and tanned as she turned to a
three quarter angle admiring the apparition that greeted her in the full length
mirror. She placed her slender fingers against the flat of her stomach and
moved them upwards sensuously to cup her small firm breasts. Her nipples were
hard and sensitive as she let her fingers delicately tweak the hard nubs of
flesh. She had bathed and was now ready to dress herself in her small but
luxuriously appointed private quarters of the clinic.

&nbsp;

Her hair was
brushed to a shine and tied in a neat bun at the back of her head. Her makeup
had been perfectly applied accenting her pretty mouth. The glasses she wore
were of a slender wire-frame design and suited her neatly featured face
perfectly. She smoothed her hands down her body, impishly lingering over the
smooth prominence of her pubic mound, which was completely bereft of hair.

&nbsp;

She had already
decided what she would wear. She looked at the white cotton medical dress that
was hanging at the back of the door. Although the Sea Island cotton was so fine
as to be almost transparent, she knew that only her own staff would be at the
clinic at this late hour. 

&nbsp;

She reached on to
her dresser top and picked up the sheer white cotton thong that she had chosen.
Luxuriously she stepped into the flimsy garment, again moving her hand over her
pubis as she fitted the thong between her thighs. Her buttocks felt smooth and
firm as she slipped the single strand between the cheeks of her bottom, pulling
the waist upwards so the slender thread ran upwards from between her legs to
form an elongated �V�.

&nbsp;

She squeezed her
thighs together in a delicious shiver of delight in anticipation of the coming
events, before carefully donning her white dress. She buttoned it carefully
down the front, allowing several of the buttons, above her breasts and below
her thighs, to remain unfastened. She tied the waistband in a casual knot and
re-examined her appearance before stepping into her greatest indulgence� the
slender, almost strapless high-heeled Gucci shoes.

&nbsp;

She checked her
appearance carefully. She could see the firmness of her breasts punctuated by
the sharp point of each of her nipples as they pressed impudently against the
sheer cotton material. The breast pockets failed to conceal the erectile flesh
even though the material was doubled. She was sure that she could see the
merest hint of skin colour through the cotton. Certainly she thought, she would
not be observed closely as she walked through the subdued lighting of the
corridors that led to the colonic irrigation rooms.

&nbsp;

She casually slung
her stethoscope around her neck and picked up several items from her desk which
she slipped into the breast pockets of her tunic. Without further examination
of her appearance, she exited the room.

&nbsp;

Timothy was
blushing from head to foot as he was surrounded by the young nurse and medical
assistants. He could not believe how embarrassed he felt at being made to lie
naked, his legs spread out almost obscenely within the confines of the
stirrups. Their expressions were completely non-committal as they looked over
his body. Casually Nurse Dowling had let her hand rest upon the inside of his
thigh. The simple gesture had accented his nakedness and complete accessibility
to his body. He turned his head to the side only to see the young medical
assistant bend low and look at him closely through her slender framed
spectacles.

&nbsp;

His torment seemed
to have to come to an end, at least for the time being. The nurse and two
medical assistants moved away from him, using the part of the room above the
bed-head. He could hear their occasional whispers but could not discern what
they were saying. It must have been at least ten minutes before they came back
to stand around the bed. Nurse Dowling stood by his left side and Susie Jenkins
stood by his right with Cynthia positioned just to her left. No words were
spoken to him as they looked down at his naked body. His penis was now flaccid
and lay down between his thighs, supported by his bulging scrotum. He closed
his eyes hoping against hope that this would lessen his extreme embarrassment
at being naked before such pretty girls.

&nbsp;

Suddenly he heard
a sound at the door, instinctively opening his eyes and looking towards it,
perhaps in the fear that someone was walking into the wrong room and would see
him naked.

&nbsp;

His embarrassment
was almost palpable as the door opened and Doctor Lucy Ashcroft walked through
the brightly lit opening. He shivered as without preamble she moved towards
him.� Susie and Cynthia moved back from
the bed as the doctor approached him.

&nbsp;

�Hello Timothy,
How are you feeling?� She stood by his shoulder and looked down at him with a
professional smile. �I hope you are feeling much better than when I first saw
you!�

&nbsp;

Timothy blushed as
the doctor looked into his eyes. He felt utterly humiliated embarrassed by her
beauty. Nervously he managed to stammer a reply through trembling lips.

&nbsp;

�er� Y�yes er
miss� er doctor� th� thank you.�

&nbsp;

Lucy was
enthralled by the beauty of his body and his complete acquiescence as she
smiled at him once more.

&nbsp;

�Well I am just
going to give you a little examination, so lie nice and still for me.� She
could see the boy visibly tremble at her words, his anxious expression sending
a thrill through her body. She knew that he would be apprehensive, especially
after his treatment with the colonic irrigator. She also knew that nurse
Dowling and her assistants, Cynthia and Susan, would not have spared his
blushes.

&nbsp;

Gently she placed
each hand at each side of his neck, feeling for any sign of swollen glands. Of
course she was very well aware that the boy was in perfect health. Her touch
was gentle and yet had an authority to it that made the boy gasp at the first
touch of her cool hands.

&nbsp;

Hardly able to
control the shiver of pleasure that ran through her body, she leaned over him
whispered gently. �Open your mouth nice and wide for me would you Timothy.� She
watched his eyes widen as he opened his mouth. Casually she took a flat wooden
depressor from her breast pocket and laid it over his tongue.

&nbsp;

She could not
resist the urge to bend down even closer to him, letting the tips of her
breasts press against his chest as she probed his mouth with her finger. She
had deliberately not donned gloves, knowing that it would make her touch far
more intimate. There seemed to be an almost sensuous pleasure in the probing of
his mouth. She could feel his body tremble beneath her as she explored his
teeth and gums. Perhaps he is trembling, she thought, because he wonders what
other of his orifices I am going to explore.

&nbsp;

�There your mouth
seems perfectly healthy; you obviously look after your teeth. So many young
children today do not practice good dental care.� He blushed as she likened him
to a young child, his body shivering as she stood up and placed her palm flat
upon his chest. He had never felt as naked or vulnerable as she smoothed her
hand over his nipple.

&nbsp;

�Right I am going
to palpitate your stomach, so lay still please Timothy.� She watched him blush
once more as she laid her other hand over the sensitive flesh of his stomach,
her fingers resting just under his ribs.

&nbsp;

Timothy suddenly
blushed deeply as he felt his penis throb. It was just a single pulse, but he
knew that unless he could control himself that his penis would become erect. He
felt utterly ashamed as he thought of how embarrassing it would be, during a
perfectly normal medical examination to become erect. He did not realise that
every touch of her hands upon him had been designed to illicit just such a
response. Her hands felt cool and smooth upon his flesh as she looked down at
his body. He blushed again, knowing that his penis and testicles were openly
displayed to her view.

&nbsp;

Gently she began
to press her fingers gently into his stomach, her hands moving smoothly and
sensuously over his flesh as she worked her way lower and lower towards his
pubis.

&nbsp;

He gasped quietly
once or twice as she pressed harder in certain areas, although predominately
her touch was soft and gentle.

&nbsp;

Suddenly he felt a
second throb course through his penis. Worse still he felt it move slightly as
it lay over his swollen scrotum. He wished that the doctor would soon finish
this part of the examination. He drew in his breath sharply as his penis
throbbed again. Although he dare not look down at himself, he felt sure that
the flesh had moved. Casually the doctor moved her fingers even lower, her
fingertips just above the juncture of his groin as she pressed gently. She
turned her head towards him and addressed him. �Now Timothy can you feel any
pain when I press here?... or here� how about here?�

&nbsp;

Timothy shook his
head in answer� his senses becoming inflamed as he felt his penis engorge and
move against his scrotum. It seemed to him that the movement of his penis had
become more exaggerated as the doctor looked at him as she moved her hands
gently to the other side of his stomach.

�Now tell me
Timothy� any pain here� or here or perhaps here?� Timothy only managed to shake
his head wildly from side to side. His cheeks suddenly suffused in red as he
felt his penis lift up from his scrotum and begin to throb.

&nbsp;

Lucy Ashcroft
watched his penis erect before her eyes, she knew that the boy dare not look
down at himself, instead he stared up at the ceiling as she gently kneaded his
flesh. She moved her hands even lower, her fingertips now brushing over what
would have been is pubic hair. She could feel the beginning of soft new hair
forming as she stroked her fingers gently over his pubic bone. She leaned her
body towards his head; so that he was unaware of whether she had seen his penis
begin to erect.

&nbsp;

�What about here
Timothy� can you feel any discomfort?� Timothy just shook his head from side to
side, his embarrassment almost beyond his comprehension as he felt his penis
throb incessantly.

&nbsp;

Lucy Ashcroft did
not let him off the hook; instead she spoke to him in a soft and gentle tone.
�Answer me Timothy, it is important� do you feel any pain here?�

&nbsp;

Timothy was almost
blind with embarrassment as he looked at her through a mist of shame and
humiliation. His lips were trembling and his chest heaving as he stammered his
answer.

&nbsp;

�Er� ah� er no�
nooo� doctor.�

&nbsp;

Lucy hid her
feeling of delight as she took her hands away and placed the ends of the
stethoscope in her ears. Gently she placed cool fingers against his right
nipple as she touched his chest with the ice-cold instrument. Her touch, she
knew would keep erect as long as she wanted. She also knew that the boy would
be far more embarrassed if he became fully erect while she was performing what
would normally be an asexual and standard part of any medical exam.

&nbsp;

She bent low, her
voice soft and insistent as she moved the scope over his heaving chest. �Now
take a deep breath and hold it until I tell you to expel� off we go then� a
nice deep breath now.�

&nbsp;

Her hand moved
sensuously over his other nipple, not overtly but as if she was supporting
herself as she moved the scope over his chest. She marvelled at the smoothness
of his skin as she deliberately aroused his trembling flesh. Suddenly she stood
upright and patted his cheek, taking the cold end of the scope away from his
chest.

&nbsp;

I a moment to
savour she looked down at his face and then knowing that he would not be able
to help himself from following her gaze looked down between his widely parted
thighs. To her delight his penis was pointing up towards his chest. It throbbed
so violently that it had begun to bounce against his stomach.

&nbsp;

She relished the
slow turning of her head as she looked at him. Her face betrayed not one
glimmer of the triumph she felt as the boy blushed mightily, his cheeks
colouring to a deep crimson as he looked at her in utter and abject shame.

&nbsp;

�Right Timothy, I
am going to examine your penis and testicles and inside your bottom. I hope you
are not going to fidget or make a fuss while I complete your medical. Hazel has
told me that this afternoon was not the first time that she has had to smack
your little bottom. She tells me that that she has had to take you across her
knees on more than one occasion for being naughty and disobedient. I am sure
you wouldn�t want to act childishly in front of our pretty young ladies here.
Your mother has given me strict instruction that you are to be summarily
spanked by myself or any of the nurses if you misbehave. I am sure all of us
would be terribly embarrassed to have to take you over our knees and smack your
bare bottom. So will you promise me you that will be a good boy while I examine
you, won�t you�mmmm?

&nbsp;

To say that
Timothy felt embarrassed and utterly shamed at the doctor�s words would be an
understatement of the highest order. In fact Timothy wished that a hole would
suddenly appear and swallow him up. He did not know where to look or what to
say. His face had suffused into such a deep blush that his cheeks were a vivid
and deep crimson colour. His lips trembled and tears had formed in his eyes as
the doctor spoke to him once more, this time addressing the nurses.

&nbsp;

�I am sure he is
just embarrassed that he cannot control his penis. Little boys seem unable to
control their emotions. Would you lubricate the speculum for me and get me a
chair.�

&nbsp;

The doctor gave
Timothy a last look before moving away from his side and walking around the
stirrups to stand between his widely spread legs.

&nbsp;

He watched her in
trepidation, his young naked body shivering in anticipation of what she might
do to him. Without a word, she held out her hand and was handed a shiny
chromium plated speculum which was covered in a lubricating gel. Timothy looked
at her in horror as Cynthia slid a chair around the bed so that the doctor
could sit down. He could not help the utter feeling of shame that enveloped his
body, his cheeks manifesting his humiliation in another vivid blush of deep
crimson. He was unable to do anything but watch as the pretty young doctor
seated herself and peered intently between his widely spread bottom. Slowly she
looked upwards, her eyes focussing on his erect penis which throbbed
incessantly as it stood upwards from between his thighs.

&nbsp;

For the first time
she spoke. �Right young man, I am just going to slip this speculum up into your
bottom for a quick look before I examine your penis and testicles.� Timothy
blushed again as Nurse Dowling took a gob of gel from one of the jars on the
trolley and casually leaned over to smear the lubrication over the deep crease
of his bottom. Her fingers deliberately prodded his sphincter, making him gasp.

&nbsp;

�Ooooohhh�
hahhhh.� He groaned as suddenly her fingers were replaced by the feel of the
ice cold instrument pressing against his sphincter.

&nbsp;

�Breath in please
Timothy.� The doctor�s instructions were immediately followed by the icy feel
of the speculum being pressed against his anus. He gasped again as suddenly the
sphincter gave way to allow the cold metal slide up into his bottom.

&nbsp;

�Oooohhhh�.
Hoooohhh.� His protestations were ignored. He gasped and then cried out. The
dreaded sudden apprehension of what the instrument was designed to do. Moaning
incessantly, he shivered as the doctor squeezed the handle of the speculum
widening the jaws to their full extent.

&nbsp;

�Arggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�hooo�.hooo�
hooo.� 

&nbsp;

His distress was
unheeded as the doctor locked the jaws and took the small torch that had been
handed to her by Cynthia. �Keep him still please while I examine him would you
please nurse.�

&nbsp;

Susie leaned
across him, her small breasts pressing firmly down on his chest as she looked
into his eyes. Her delicately featured face only inches from his. Timothy was
utterly embarrassed as the young girl placed her hand on his cheek. He could
not believe that this young girl could have such mastery over him. It had
seemed to him, even when he first saw her, that she was little older than
himself. Suddenly the speculum expanded, stretching his sphincter even wider.
He responded with a sudden tensing of his muscles and an anguished moan as the
doctor casually locked the new diameter in place.

&nbsp;

�Hummmppph�
ooooohhhhhh� hoooo.�

&nbsp;

Susie immediately
pressed down on his young body, it was as if she had anticipated the further
stretching of his sphincter. 

&nbsp;

�Now be a good
little boy and keep your bottom still for the doctor.� Susie�s words belittled
him even further as he felt the doctor�s hand on the inside of his thigh as she
leaned forward to examine his bottom.

&nbsp;

It was moments
later that he felt the speculum being depressed and the cold metal being slid
gently from his bottom. There was silence in the room for a moment as Susie
stood upright and doctor quietly appraised his body. He looked down, just in
time to see her un-gloved hand extend forward to his upright penis. It was if
he was in a trance as he watched and felt her delicate fingers wrap themselves
around his erect member. 

&nbsp;

He blushed and
moaned as her fingers slid the foreskin down the shaft of his penis stretching
the skin tight as her hand moved to the very base of his erect organ. He could
not help looking quickly at her beautiful face as she proceeded to move the
skin of his penis up and down the shaft in a slow almost sensual movement. 

&nbsp;

He felt the doctor
carefully cup his testicles, rolling the swollen orbs in her fingers as she
felt for any abnormalities within the scrotum. Satisfied she lowered her hand
and nodded to Nurse Dowling who leaned forward and gently hefted his testicles
in her own hand, her fingernails scoring the underside of his scrotum as she
deliberately rolled the testes sensuously in her fingers.

&nbsp;

Without warning he
suddenly felt a pressure against his sphincter. Before he could protest two
slender fingers were slipped up into his bottom. 

&nbsp;

�Oooohhhhh�
hahhhh� arggghhhh.� He moaned as the doctor quickly slid her fingers right up
into him, her delicate fingertips quickly finding his prostate gland.

&nbsp;

�Ohh oh oh oh
oooooohhhhh. The feel of their hands upon his body was too much for Timothy. He
moaned and shivered as expert fingers quickly plundered his sexual responses.
He felt the doctor alternate her clever elicitation of his senses; her fingers
smoothing and then jabbing and prodding his prostate, her other hand inexorably
coaxing a deep throbbing from his penis.

&nbsp;

�Now try and
relax, I am just going to take a semen sample from you. You have had this done
to you before so it should be nothing new.� Her words belittled his
protestations, making light of the extreme sexual trauma he was feeling. He
could not help his body jerking or the deep shivers that ran through his body.
It seemed that every nerve ending was being stimulated to the extreme.

&nbsp;

Ooohhh�
pleeeeeeeeeaaaaaase� nooooooooooo.� His cries of anguish were unheeded as if
they were oblivious of his anguish. Incessantly the doctor explored and aroused
him to a fever pitch. Her long slender fingers, pushing deep within his bottom,
were in perfect synchronization with her clever manipulation of his penis. Lucy
Ashcroft knew exactly how to bring the boy�s reluctant sexual arousal to a
fever pitch. She watched in delight as her fingers delved deliciously into his
tender anus, thrilling as every touch sent a tremor through his young body. She
was so delighted with her arousal of him, that she felt a sudden desire to lean
forward and bite the smooth unblemished flesh of his quivering bottom cheeks. Certainly
she knew that she was going to spank him at the first opportunity. Ever since
she had seen him at the school clinic with stripes across his perfect buttocks,
she had had the deep desire to smack his bared bottom. 

&nbsp;

Her control of his
sexual emotions was absolute; her fingers reached far inside him as her left
hand deftly smoothed and stretched his foreskin, eliciting his deepest sexual
emotion. Occasionally Lucy would look up at his blushing face, watching as he
thrashed his head from side to side in sexual anguish, his chest heaving with
the utter intensity of his reluctant arousal.

�

She looked up at
Susie and spoke to her, her voice quite measured and matter of fact as she
continued stimulating the boy�s prostate with increased vigour. �Susie will you
please have the test-tube ready as this should not take long at all� and
Cynthia, if you would�.� The rest of the sentence was left unsaid as Cynthia
looked at the doctor with amusement in her eyes. 

&nbsp;

Timothy could feel
the blood rushing to his head as to his utter humiliation, his sexual feelings
were expertly plundered and exploited by the skilled hands of the doctor and
nurses.

&nbsp;

He was vaguely
aware of Cynthia walking to the head of the bed and then leaning over him, her
beautiful face suddenly peering down on him as she extended her arms forward
and placed the flat of her small hands over each of his nipples. He shivered
once more as she suddenly took hold of the two points of flesh and scraped her
finger nails across the puckered skin. Skilfully she coaxed his nipples to
harden and erect. She alternated her caresses between titillating the hardened
nubs and drawing circles by trailing her fingers around his breast.

&nbsp;

Nurse Dowling
lifted his testicles higher, making sure not to interfere with the doctors busy
fingers. She watched avidly as Lucy Ashcroft skilfully used her fingers within
his bottom and upon his penis. The nurse gently encased the soft balls of
flesh, kneading them sensually as the boy moaned and shivered in pure sexual
torment. Instinctively she laid the flat of the palm of her left hand upon his
lower stomach, knowing that this would further illustrate to the boy, his
absolute nakedness and vulnerability. 

&nbsp;

She had assisted
Doctor Ashcroft several times in extracting semen from young boys� and young
men. But this was the first time that she had had complete mastery over such a
beautiful boy, his perfectly proportioned body delighting her eyes each time
she looked at him. Such was the perfection of his physique and beauty of his
young face that it seemed to invite sexual torment. His heaving chest and
blushing face thrilled her; she felt him shiver at the cool touch of her hand
as she placed it impudently on the quivering flesh of his lower tummy.

&nbsp;

She pressed her
pubis against the bed as she bent to her task, delighting in the sexual
intimacy of the proceedings It seemed to her as if she was holding the very
core of his being in her hand as she squeezed the soft orbs, watching him
shiver in a reluctant spasm of pure sexual arousal. 

&nbsp;

Doctor Lucy
Ashcroft did not have to further instruct Susie; just a quick glance confirmed
her role, as the girl studiously moved the test-tube into position. The neck of
the glass tube was flared, being specifically designed so that it would fit
over the head of a penis.

&nbsp;

The next moments
were beautifully co-ordinated between the young doctor and her nurses.
Anticipating his first convulsive emission the test tube was thrust over the
head of his penis. As his body arched in utter abandonment, Lucy deliberately
thrust her straightened fingers upwards into his bottom, prodding the quivering
prostate before scoring her fingernails over the sensitive gland. She could
feel the prostate contract and expand violently as spurts of semen hit the
glass sheath.

&nbsp;

Susie clamped the
test-tube firmly over the head of his penis and proceeded to move it up and
down in a series of rapid strokes. The smooth glass almost sucked the tender
flesh of the unprotected head of his penis as Susie diligently and expertly
milked him. The doctor�s fingers stretched the foreskin back as far as it would
go; allowing none of the foreskin to protect the exposed head of his penis from
Susie�s merciless milking. The boy�s cries of anguish filled the room as his
body was suspended for an agonizing moment of time, locked rigid in a
convulsive seizure. 

&nbsp;

�Arggggggggggghhhhh�
ooooohhhhh� eerrrr.. hooo hooo.� His tearful cry was cut short by further
torment as he felt his testicles being squeezed firmly and his nipples pinched
hard.

&nbsp;

�Noooo� oooohhh pleeeeeease�� nooooooooooooo.� A further jab of the
doctor�s two slender fingers silenced him once more as he was forced to draw in
breath. The three nurses and the doctor held him in violent orgasm for what
seemed like an eternity� as if he were locked forever in the exquisite throes
of sexual torment.

&nbsp;

�Doctor Lucy
Ashcroft spoke to him� completely aware of his anguish as she continued to
plunder his bottom with her slender fingers. Her voice was cool and well
modulated showing no tremor or quaver as her fingers worked busily inside his
young bottom. 

&nbsp;

�Now I want a nice
big sample, so come along young man�let�s have no nonsense now.�

&nbsp;

Her words further
inflamed the young boy�s sense of utter humiliation as his legs tensed within
the stirrups, his young body completely unable to cope with the acute sexual
trauma that the young doctor and nurses were inflicting upon him. His very
nerve-ends seemed to be inflamed as he spurted jet after jet of semen into the
test tube.

&nbsp;

Lucy watched as
the thick tube continued to fill, the semen spilling into the glass in
near-white globules. She bent his penis slowly down towards his tummy as she
held his foreskin tight against the base of the shaft. Suzie followed her
action with the test-tube, ensuring that none of his emission could escape from
the glass.

&nbsp;

His chest heaved
and shuddered as the girls prolonged his anguished orgasm. Their actions were
cool and calculated, designed to rob him of any vestige of self-control. He
felt near to fainting as Cynthia looked down at him, lowering her head until
her pretty face was mere inches from his own. Her words adding fuel to his
flames of utter humiliation as she looked at him through her thin wire
spectacles. �My� what a fuss you�re making at having your little penis milked.
Try and be a very good boy while the doctor takes your sample� it will all be
over soon�. Just a few more drops now� there�s a good boy.� 

&nbsp;

She looked
forward, hiding her surprise at the huge volume of semen that had collected in
the glass vial. She lowered her head, her lips touching his cheek as she
whispered softly to him. 

&nbsp;

�There we are just
a little longer and it will be all over.� Her words, combined with the sensuous
thrusts of the doctor�s fingers, spurred him to a further violent ejaculation.
His torment seemed unending as they drained him of his fluids, their fingers
seemingly everywhere upon his body, his last emission seemingly wrenched from
his body.

&nbsp;

Argggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.�
He cried out in utter and anguished torment as he was probed and milked to an
ultimate ejaculation. His vision blurred and a darkness seemed to descend upon
him as every sinew of his body stiffened.

&nbsp;

Suddenly he became
aware that it was over! Instead of the prolonged sexual torture, their hands
caressing him, smoothing over his skin� fingers softly and slowly being
extracted from his bottom� soft hands lifting his penis and the glass being
carefully taken away. Tender hands laying his testicles down against his groin;
his body was being soothed and cosseted by the gentlest of touches as the
nurses tended to him. 

&nbsp;

His vision cleared
as the doctor stood up and came to stand by his side. She stroked her delicate
fingertips against his burning cheek as she spoke softly to him. �There now
little Timothy, just lay back and close your eyes and rest for a while. The
nurses will release you from the stirrups� and I will be back to see you
later.�

&nbsp;

Gentle hands
supported his left leg as it was released from the stirrups. He felt the pad
being removed from under the small of his back before the nurses released the
other leg. He had not heard or felt the bottom part of the bed being
re-attached but felt the soft cold leather of its surface as his legs were laid
close together. He had blushed when Nurse Dowling casually lifted his testicles
so they were not trapped between his thighs.

&nbsp;

He drifted into a
light slumber as the nurses left him, lowering the lights as Cynthia covered
his body with a single crisp cool sheet.

&nbsp;

The strong lights
of the laboratory illuminated the report that Dr. Lucy Ashcroft was holding up.
She had read it twice in her office and yet still could not believe the
results. She had hurried down the corridor to ascertain from the pretty young
assistant to ascertain first hand if the results had been thoroughly checked.

&nbsp;

She now looked at
the report again, almost disbelieving the bold print of the result. She turned
to the assistant and spoke. �If this is as you say� and before you give me
another one of those looks I do believe you when you say that have checked the
results from three separate tests and two quite separate samples, the two from
this afternoon and the one I gave you half an hour ago. But it still seems
unbelievable� that young man� I don�t know how it is possible. He must have the
highest sperm count of all time. According to this report�� she smiled at the
young girl before continuing. �I could impregnate half the population of Europe with a single sample of semen.�

&nbsp;

The assistant
looked at the young doctor and smiled, somewhat mischievously. �I have never
seen that amount of semen� and I did not believe that they were both single
samples this afternoon� that was until you told me that it was� and then the
one you gave me this evening. I have never seen such an emission� did you give
him some magazines or something to stimulate him to such a large sample?�

&nbsp;

Lucy Ashcroft
smiled. �Oh no� he is far too young to be allowed to masturbate� neither I nor
his mother wish him to become� er self indulgent. No� I took the sample� that
is� along with Cynthia and Susie as well as Nurse Dowling.�

&nbsp;

Andrea smiled at
the doctor. She had guessed that Lucy had taken a sample rather than sending
the boy off into a room with a few girlie magazines. She had just wanted the
fact confirmed. She had not seen the boy yet, but she had heard rumours from
the other girls who worked at the clinic� that he was startlingly good looking
with a perfect physique.�

&nbsp;

They both laughed
as the doctor went over the report once more. All the counts of the three tests
varied, but only by single figures, the discrepancies were to be expected, but
the variations in potency from sample to sample were minute. 

&nbsp;

Lucy Ashcroft was
sure of one thing� the boy�s sperm count was quite outstanding.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To be queen of a
small European principality holds many responsibilities. Gertrude handled her
Royal duties with ease. She had discovered very soon after she had married the
prince that she possessed consummate organizational abilities. She found that
she could handle the day to day running of the small principality so easily,
that she had founded new charitable and beneficial institutions to the absolute
delight of her subjects.

&nbsp;

Her social world
was such that the eyes of the world often turned towards the principality to
gaze and report on the glittering celebrity occasions that she instigated. The
huge financial benefits that these occasions accrued, was used in their
entirety to fund even larger social programs for her subjects. New hospitals,
new schools had soon abounded within the small country because of her
organizational and social skills. Although she was a popular queen, much loved
and revered by her people, she had one problem that seemed insurmountable. 

&nbsp;

The principality
was jealously viewed by its neighbouring country. The charter that the
principality owed its existence to, could not be changed or revoked while ever
the royal lineage continued, whether by a son or a daughter. Gertrude had been
married over four years and was still very much in love with her husband. They
had made love almost every night since their marriage and yet she still had not
conceived.

&nbsp;

During the last
year, she had visited London several times. Taking the families private
jet she had slipped in and out of the capital city without being noticed. Her
visits to the clinic of Helga Berger had confirmed to her, that she was
perfectly capable of having children. She had been urged by Helga to obtain a
sample of her husband�s sperm so that it could be examined.

&nbsp;

Because of the
technicalities of the scheme, Helga became a house guest at the palace, being
given large quarters within the beautiful ancient building. Her rooms
overlooked the beautiful bay where yachts belonging to the rich and famous
resided in tranquil splendour. Although ostensibly Helga�s visit was as a firm
friend of the young queen, Helga had been able to house the equipment she
needed to carry out the most comprehensive of tests upon the sperm samples that
Gertrude had cunningly provided for her. Gertrude would often come to her rooms
in the early hours of the morning with warm fresh semen to be examined
immediately. During the time of their clandestine night-time activities both
Gertrude and Helga and become very good friends. Because of the nature of
Gertrude�s problem their conversation had often covered every intimacy of her
relationship with her husband, the young prince.

&nbsp;

After several
weeks, the disappointing outcome was that even with exhaustive treatment, the
prince would never be able to sire children. His sperm was completely impotent
and lifeless.

&nbsp;

It was many months
later as Gertrude gazed at her computer screen and then back at the small
ornately framed picture of her husband as a young boy. The resemblance was
uncanny. The picture of the boy on the screen and the young prince in the
picture were so alike that they could have been twins; certainly they would
have been taken for brothers.

&nbsp;

Gertrude had
decided quickly; her decisiveness, which had always been a boon in her business
dealings, once again steering her towards a course of action that seemed right.

&nbsp;

One day later she
was seated opposite Doctor Helga Berger in her sumptuous office within the
prestigious business centre. She had slipped into Heathrow and driven herself
from the airport straight to the clinic.

&nbsp;

Helga was a woman
of around thirty-five years of age. She was classically beautiful, her high
cheek bones and small mouth were framed by a beautifully shaped jaw line. Her
eyes were of a blue-green hue, bright and intelligent as she looked across at
her friend. 

&nbsp;

In contrast,
Gertrude�s beauty was legendary; a testimony to the good taste of her husband
and the clean good looks of her mid-west parentage. Her beautiful ash-blonde
hair now spilled down over her shoulders, where earlier she had covered it and
most of her face with a headscarf to hide her identity. In fact she had thought
that she had appeared almost frumpy as she had driven from the airport.

&nbsp;

�Anna the
laboratory technician tells me that you are certainly ovulating, which is very
good news. I propose�� she smiled rather mischievously� �that rather than
immediate IVF that you are impregnated by almost normal implantation� er
several times a day for the next three days. If that fails� which I very much
doubt, having seen the sperm count, we will impregnate you by in-vitro�

&nbsp;

Helga noted the
complete surprise in Gertrude�s face and laughed. �Yes� our exceptionally
handsome young donor is here at the clinic. In fact if I get you a white coat
and you do something severe with that lovely hair of yours, you may assist me
while I carry out an examination on him. Doctor Ashcroft has told me that he is
perfect in every aspect. Bright and intelligent at school� and physically
perfect� a perfect match for you and your husband if I may say so.�

&nbsp;

Helga saw the
thoughtfulness cross Gertrude�s face and immediately answered her unasked
question. �Yes it may be an emotional moment to see your son as he will be as a
teenager. Of course it could equally be a girl� whom of course would still
carry your line. Of course he or she will have some of you as well, but I think
that the boy is so like your husband for the similarity to be almost uncanny.�

&nbsp;

Helga smiled once
more, her perfect white teeth sparkling as she shifted her position in her
chair. �The most important thing I think for you is that you will have to all
intents and purposes have conceived quite normally and naturally. Your son or
daughter will be your son or daughter and their physical traits so much alike
to your husband as to share many of his features and physical characteristics
as he or she grows.� � she smiled again� �Oh one other thing� during the
procedure you will be sexually aroused by myself and my nurses before you are
impregnated.�

&nbsp;

Gertrude looked
shocked� you mean your nurses are going to� erm.� Helga smiled. �Yes� they are
going to make you orgasm sweet girl� and quite dramatically if I know them.�

&nbsp;

Gertrude could not
help the blush that crept over her face. She could not remember the last time
she had blushed so profusely� at last she smiled. �Well I suppose, however
embarrassing it may be� it is necessary?�

&nbsp;

�Oh yes� it
certainly will help� after orgasm you are at your most receptive� the sperm
will be propelled upwards very vigorously� unless I am very much mistaken, you
my girl� are going to be a pregnant lady.

&nbsp;

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Lucy Ashcroft
entered the room. She was amused rather than surprised at the sight that
greeted her. The boy was kneeling on the bed, his knees spread wide and his
chest pressed against the cool leather. His hands were beneath his head with
his fore-arms pressed flat against the leather. His back was arched with his
bottom open and accessible. His testicles hung down, whereas his penis jutted
forward, erect and throbbing with sensation.

&nbsp;

Cynthia casually
reached underneath him and slipped his foreskin back and forth a few times, her
slender fingers pinching the throbbing tip before letting go. Timothy was
moaned as she casually kept his throbbing member erect. His bottom cheeks were
spread wide and Lucy could see the glistening gel seeping from his sphincter as
she approached him. The bottom part of the bed had been removed again and
Timothy�s feet hung over the end, allowing close and intimate access to his
bottom by standing close to the end of the leather covered surgical bed.

&nbsp;

Lucy saw him try
and turn his head as she approached him from the rear. She looked at Cynthia
and Susie and then across at Nurse Dowling who was wheeling a trolley full of
instrument towards the end of the bed.

&nbsp;

�I see you have
him well prepared. I am going to take another semen sample from him. It will be
a through extraction so Cynthia, I would like you to manipulate his penis and
Susie if you would use the same procedure as last time to contain his semen.�
Lucy moved around the bed to stand by his head. She bent her knees so that her
face was looking straight into his.

&nbsp;

�Now young man, I
want a nice big sample from you� and as you have already given one I am going
to have to be a little more vigorous with you this time. Now try not complain
too much, you must remember that this is all for your own good.� She extended
her hand and let her delicate fingers trail softly over his burning cheek. She
could see that hips lips were already trembling in shame as she looked into his
eyes. �Now be a good boy and it will all be over before you know it.� 

&nbsp;

Lucy turned to
Nurse Dowling, smiling conspiratorially as she moved to stand behind the boy�s
widely spread buttocks. �Now nurse please tell me if he has been a good boy, I
hope you have had no nonsense from him while you have been preparing him.�

&nbsp;

Nurse Dowling knew
exactly the answer that the doctor wanted. She thought for a moment and then
replied, looking away from Cynthia who was grinning at her. �Well doctor, he
did protest rather a lot when we had to wash him and re-lubricate his bottom.
He made an awful fuss when Cynthia used the number eight nozzle. I would have
thought that he would have got used to that sort of thing by now and
co-operated more, but I suppose little boys are just prone to making a fuss.�

&nbsp;

Susie spoke before
Lucy could utter a reply. �He was being very tardy when I tried to get him in
position. He took an awfully long time before I could get his knees spread
apart properly. He protested when we made him urinate in the specimen jar, even
though we told him how important it was for checking his health. Oh and you
wouldn�t believe the fuss he made when I washed him beneath his prepuce. It is
not as though he has not had the skin pulled back before� he really should have
known better than to protest so.�

&nbsp;

Lucy could hardly
stop herself from laughing out loud as she leaned gracefully to the side so
that she could see the boys face from behind the raised cheeks of his bottom.
�Well Timothy what have you got to say for yourself. Did you make a fuss while
the nurses were getting you ready?�

&nbsp;

Timothy could only
blush in shame. His guilt also fuelled by the embarrassing positions and
procedures that the nurses had made him endure. He could still feel his bottom
being stretched mercilessly wide as the huge nozzle had been inserted up into
him. He had cried out in shock as the plunger had been pressed with vigour,
shooting a huge amount of ice-cold gel up into his bottom. He had protested
again when the nozzle had been removed and Susie had casually slipped her
fingers up through his sphincter and deep into his bottom, massaging his
prostate so effectively that he had been close to ejaculation.

&nbsp;

�I� I�mm � er
s..sorry er misss� er doctor� er I c�couldn�t help myself.�

&nbsp;

�Well you are in a
very good position for a smack bottom� and you know full well your mother�s
instructions. A good smack bottom will also help the blood towards your nether
regions� so I am going to give your bottom a sound spanking.�

&nbsp;

�Oh noooo� er
please doctor� oh please no� please not in front of everyone.�

&nbsp;

�Well you only
have yourself to blame. You misbehaved in front of the nurses and so you must
admit that it is quite fitting that you should be punished in their presence.�

Lucy�s voice held
no anger, her tone was quite matter-of-fact, as if she were a school mistress
that had resigned herself to the fact that the boy�s behaviour required
punishment.

&nbsp;

�Oh pleeeease
miss, oh please don�t smack me in front of everyone. I promise.. er I will
behave. Oh miss I couldn�t bear it.�

&nbsp;

�I am afraid
Timothy you are going to be smacked� and soundly. I will not tolerate tardiness
and defiance in front of my nurses. Cynthia and Susie, will you please make
sure that he doesn�t move� and Nurse Dowling� er.. will you make sure that he
keeps his bottom up.� 

&nbsp;

Timothy could not
believe what was happening as Susie leaned over his shoulders and slipped her
hand around his waist.

&nbsp;

He blushed
profusely as Cynthia drew up a chair and sat beside his head, taking hold of
his burning cheeks in her soft hands as she looked into his eyes. 

&nbsp;

Worse was to come
as Nurse Dowling reached beneath him with both hands, gently encasing his
testicles in one hand while retracting the foreskin of his penis with the
other. Almost nonchalantly, she took a firm grip of the shaft of his penis and
stretched the foreskin back tightly, making the boy desperately try to raise
his bottom higher to evade her touch.

&nbsp;

Lucy�s voice was
measured but firm as she spoke quietly to him. �Now keep still Timothy and take
your punishment. Come along now get that bottom up.� Lucy knew that his bottom
was already entirely accessible, but she enjoyed prolonging the moment of his
imminent chastisement.

&nbsp;

As she raised her
hand she felt a sudden thrill deep within her. She brought her hand down,
hearing a satisfying smack as her hand slapped loudly against the timid flesh
of his upturned bottom. 

&nbsp;

�Smaaaccckkkkk�
The flesh of his bottom seemed to jump beneath her hand as she gave him a
second smack.

&nbsp;

Lucy gave in to
her feelings as she proceeded to give the boy a sound spanking. Time after time
she raised her hand, each time aiming for the unprotected flesh of his young
bottom. The girls held him firmly as Nurse Dowling suddenly let go of his
testicles and used both hands on his penis, her palm swishing over the very tip
of his erect member. It seemed to Timothy that her hand was invading the entire
depth of his urethra causing him to buck and try and raise his bottom even
further. Lucy admonished him as she continued to smack his quivering buttocks,
her hand finding fresh areas to redden.

&nbsp;

�What a naughty
boy you are. I would have thought you would be ashamed of behaving like a young
child� a big boy like you.�

&nbsp;

Her delight knew
no bounds as the flesh quivered and shook with each smack. Timothy groaned and
moaned in absolute shame, only to see Cynthia place her face close to his. Her
words made him shudder in utter humiliation as she spoke, her lips only inches
from his.

&nbsp;

�Poor Timothy�
aren�t you absolutely ashamed of yourself having to have your little bottom
smacked for being such a naughty boy.� Her voice was low and confiding. He
could not stop himself from flushing a deep shade of crimson as she looked into
his eyes steadily while his bottom was being soundly smacked. Does it hurt
terribly �well you only have yourself to blame� fancy a big boy like you
getting a spanking at your age. What would your girlfriends at school think if
they could see you now, with your bottom up in the air, having to be held down
while you are being given a through smack-bottom?�

Timothy almost
quaked in embarrassment. His bottom was smarting from the smacks being rained
down upon it, but his greater anguish came from his utter embarrassment and
humiliation.

&nbsp;

Cynthia stroked
his cheek gently, her face close to his as she made him look into her eyes. �I
think you must feel a very foolish little boy Timothy� what a poor baby you are
having your bottom spanked� I bet it must be very red by now.� Her hand stroked
his cheek softly as he moaned and cried at his spanking. Although the smacks
were not particularly hard, the utter indignity and humiliation of the
situation shook him to the core. 

&nbsp;

Invariably the
incessant smacking of his bottom began to hurt, he began to plead as his bottom
started to burn. He cried out, utterly ashamed of pleading for mercy.

&nbsp;

�Oh pleeeeeease
miss� er pleeeeeease er.. noo more.� Lucy delighted in the first response to
her measured spanking. She had known that sooner or later that the pain would
take over from his humiliation. Looking between his widely spread thighs, she
could see that Nurse Dowling was using both hands upon his penis. She placed
her left hand on his hip and slid her fingers around until she could encase his
testicles in her cool fingers. She grasped them firmly as she continued to
smack his bottom.

&nbsp;

�Ooooohhh
pleeease� noooo more oh pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease miss. Oh please� please stop now.�
His sentence finished with a sob as she began to smack the bottom part of his
bottom cheeks. Delightedly she smacked him methodically and skilfully as the
girls held him still.

&nbsp;

Because his pain
from her spanking was accumulative, her voice was quite steady and measured as
she addressed him. �Now don�t be a baby� you have been a naughty boy and you
must take your punishment.� 

&nbsp;

He groaned and
sobbed as Cynthia peered at him through her slender wire-framed spectacles. �Be
a brave little boy and take your punishment. It is for your own good� no-one
wants you to grow up and be a bad boy. So push your bottom up for the doctor so
that she can spank you properly.�

&nbsp;

Cynthia�s words
added fuel to his utter humiliation. He could not stop crying out from the pain
of his spanking� and yet felt foolish and humiliated at his actions. He began
to sob as Lucy proceeded with her punishment of him. His cheeks were quite red
as she started from the top of his bottom cheeks again and began to work her
way down the quivering flesh.

&nbsp;

She squeezed her
legs together involuntarily as a rush of sexual excitement seemed to invade her
body. She had not foreseen it� it just suddenly happened. She immediately knew
that her desire to spank such a beautiful young boy had been more than a mere
whim.

&nbsp;

Cynthia�s words
continued to crush and dissipate his ego. His humiliation knew no bounds as she
spoke to him. �There� poor baby� you are getting a proper smack bottom now. Is
it hurting you sweetie� it must be very red by now. Try and be brave and keep
your bottom up�� She watched as Nurse Dowling did something beneath him�
suddenly his hips bucked as he tried to evade her fingers. Cynthia continued,
�that�s better� you must be a brave little boy and take your punishment
properly.�

&nbsp;

Timothy was almost
beside himself with pain and humiliation as the doctor suddenly stopped. Her
words were clear and firm as she addressed him. �Well Timothy my boy� are you
going to behave properly or shall I have to fetch my hair-brush to your little
bottom?�

&nbsp;

His pleading was
music to her ears as he sobbed amidst his timid answer. �Oh� noooo oh please no
miss. I promise miss� please no more.� Lucy released his testicles and moved
around the bed. 

&nbsp;

�Right young man�
I don�t want to hear one more complaint while I carry out your semen
extraction� do you understand me?� Timothy sobbed and tried to nod his head. 

&nbsp;

�Oh yessss� �miss I promise.�

&nbsp;

It was in absolute
silence that the doctor greased her forefinger and middle finger. She resisted
the impulse to plunge them deep into his bottom as Nurse Dowling leaned over
him and gently held the cheeks of his bottom wide. The nurse could not have
explained why she did it, as the cheeks of his bottom were already widely
spread. She just delighted in laying her cool fingers against his burning
flesh� perhaps also delighting in his humiliation as she stretched his bottom
wide apart.

&nbsp;

Timothy grunted in
anguish as the doctor slid her fingers up through his sphincter, watching as
her knuckles stretched the timid opening wide, penetrating him fully.

&nbsp;

�Oooommmppphhhh.�
Timothy groaned as suddenly Susie reached beneath him and grasped his testicles
firmly. The nurses ignored his torment as Cynthia stroked his cheek and
whispered to him. �Now promise to be a good little boy while the doctor
stimulates your little bottom and mils your penis.�

&nbsp;

He shivered as Cynthia
stood upright and took a specimen tube from the trolley behind her. Within his
full view she held it up and spoke to him once more. 

&nbsp;

�Now we want a
nice big sample now� so let�s have no nonsense while the doctor milks you.�

&nbsp;

Timothy could feel
his cheeks burning at both ends of his body as Cynthia looked at him, her
pretty face giving him a smile of sympathy as she moved to stand by his waist.

&nbsp;

�The doctor wasted
no time in stimulating the young boy. Her cool fingers sliding over his
throbbing penis as her other hand moved forward, pushing upwards until she was
able to probe his prostate gland. Her touch was experienced and deft as she
used her skill to elicit a deep sexual response from him.

&nbsp;

Her fingers
pressed deep inside his bottom as her other hand coaxed his penis into a
hardened throbbing column of flesh. He could not help crying out in pure sexual
torment as Susie, almost callously grasped his scrotum and squeezed the captive
testicles within the scrotal sac.

&nbsp;

�Arggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.�
He cried out, his torment unheeded as Cynthia bent low with the test tube
poised beneath him, waiting for the tell-tale signs of his impending
ejaculation.

&nbsp;

Lucy moved her
fingers in and out of his sphincter, the knuckles stretching the opening to his
bottom and aiding his sexual arousal. Susie watched as the boy began to buck
and shake. Suddenly the boy stiffened, he cried out in utter sexual distress as
he began to ejaculate. 

&nbsp;

Simultaneously,
Cynthia thrust the glass over the sensitive head of his penis, while Lucy
stretched the foreskin back as tightly as she could. Her other hand prodded his
prostate in a serious of firm jabs as Susie squeezed his testicles and with her
free hand smacked the upturned cheeks of his bottom. Her smacks accompanied
each tormented emission of semen as the boy ejaculated into the glass. His
penis mercilessly exposed to the rapid movements of the specimen tube over the
unprotected head of his penis.

&nbsp;

�Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�
oohhhh pleeease� oh� please
noooooooooooooooo.� As if without feeling for his plight, the girls held him in
the throes of sexual ecstasy. His body shivered and shook as in utter
abandonment; they milked him deftly and clinically. His young body shook in
spasms as they drained him of every vestige of semen.

&nbsp;

His chest heaved
and his breathing became ragged as they prolonged his orgasm. Suddenly he
tensed his entire body as Lucy slipped a third finger straight up into his
bottom. Her action was accompanied by a loud slap as Susie smacked his upturned
bottom cheeks. Cynthia casually nodded to Lucy who squeezed the base of his
penis and drew her fingers downwards. Cynthia lowered the glass vial and then
raised the rim to catch the last globule of semen. Suddenly the boy seemed to
lose all control, his body becoming heavy and uncoordinated as he collapsed
into a near faint. 

&nbsp;

Quickly they
lowered him flat onto his tummy, his exhausted body slapping the leather as he
lay with his legs stretching over the end of the bed. Cynthia looked at him,
knowing that he had fainted� she quickly checked his breathing before handing
the glass tube to the doctor.

&nbsp;

In contrast to
their previous actions, they smoothed and caressed and tended his body. As he
awoke he felt his body being washed with cooling water. Gently Cynthia bathed
him as Susie began to apply a cooling gel to his tender bottom cheeks. It was
nurse Dowling who bent her head to his and whispered to him. Poor baby� you
have had a time haven�t you. Never mind� I am going to run you a nice warm bath
and bathe you� don�t worry sweetheart� I will take very good care of you.

&nbsp;

Helen Dowling
meant every word, although having his body at her mercy had aroused her, she
knew that he was in need of some loving care and attention. What might come
after that� she had yet to decide. She was delighted that he was being left in
her care, her shift did not finish until six in the morning and Timothy was her
only patient.

&nbsp;

It was over forty
minutes later that Nurse Dowling had decided that the boy was fit enough to
walk with her to the bath room. After the doctor and both Cynthia and Susan had
left, she had covered him with a sheet as he lay face down upon the bed. 

&nbsp;

She was aware that
he had drifted into sleep, leaving her time to prepare the bathroom as she
wanted it. She had checked him several times during her preparations. The last
time she had checked him she could see that he was waking. 

&nbsp;

Rather than
embarrass the boy immediately, she had procured a dressing gown which she put on
the chair beside the bed. The bathroom door was situated at the end of the room
and it was from there that she called gently to him. 

&nbsp;

�Timothy, there is
a dressing gown on the chair� if you would like to put it on and then walk
through to here. I am in the bathroom� take your time there is no hurry.

&nbsp;

Helen reached
behind the door of the bathroom and took a clear plastic apron from the hook.
She was delighted to see Timothy sheepishly walk through the door. His boyish
good looks delighted her as she looked into his already blushing face. He
looked at her anxiously, eyeing the bath that was half filled with warm water.
The bath, rather than being plumbed in against the wall was free standing
allowing access to all sides. Above it were safety rails descending from the
ceiling which enabled patients to stand up in the bath without falling.

&nbsp;

She saw his
apprehension and smiled at him good naturedly. �Now I know that you are
no-longer a little boy� and I am sure that you are quite capable of bathing
yourself. I am not supposed to leave you while you are in the bathroom, but I
am sure I can trust you to get in the bath without me having to help you. 

&nbsp;

So if you get
yourself into the bath, there is some soap on the side to start washing
yourself with. I promise I won�t peek until you are in.� 

&nbsp;

She pulled a face
as she said the last sentence, putting the boy more at ease. She left the
bathroom and crossed to the instrument trolley, taking several items from it
before retuning to the bathroom. She knew that the boy would have got into the
water as quickly as possible. As she approached the door she could hear him
already splashing in the water.

&nbsp;

�Are you in yet�
Timothy?� She called with some humour in her voice. Timothy could not help
laughing as he heard her words. �Oh er � yes er nurse, I have started washing
thank you.

&nbsp;

�Well I�m coming
through� so be warned.� The laughter in her voice belied Timothy�s
apprehension. He looked down at the bathwater once more to make sure that the
now soapy water covered his body.

&nbsp;

Nurse Dowling
walked into the room; again she admired his upper body as he sat in the bath
soaping his arms and around his shoulders. She sat on the edge of the tub, just
behind his as she held out her hand for the soap. �If you give me the soap I
will do your back for you� don�t be shy, I�ll try not to look.� Timothy blushed
mildly� but her good natured banter had put him far more at ease. He handed her
the soap and felt her soft hands immediately upon his shoulders. 

&nbsp;

He had not
bargained for the gentle way that she touched him, soaping around his back,
before slipping her hands beneath his arms and gently washing his armpits. Her
gentle, almost delicate touch played havoc with his senses. Her light perfume
and close proximity to him, seemed to lull him as she slipped her hands
completely under his arms and began to soap his chest. 

&nbsp;

He could feel her
bare forearms slip and slide underneath his arms as she carefully and lovingly
washed him. 

&nbsp;

�My you will be a
nice clean boy won�t you? Now just lay with your head back against the end of
the tub while I wash your hair.� She laid the soap down and picked up a jug of
water from beside the bath. He laid with his head back as she cupped her hand
and held it against his forehead. �Now squeeze your eyes shut while I wet your
hair. She instructed as she began to pour the warm water over his head. 

&nbsp;

�Now keep them
shut tight now� I don�t want to get soap in your eyes.� The gentleness of her
voice seemed to lull him even further as he lay with his head back and his eyes
squeezed tightly shut.

&nbsp;

She began to
lather his hair with a mild shampoo, her delicate fingers moving over his ears
and the nape of his neck. She lifted his head slightly as her fingers washed
and caressed his head. She smoothed around his cheeks and down under his chin,
her fingers stroking and soothing his flesh as she washed him.

&nbsp;

�Now just let me
rinse your hair.� She whispered as she picked up the jug and carefully washed
the soap from him. She ran her fingers through his hair several times until she
was sure that his hair was squeaky clean of soap. She leaned forward so that
her lips were close to his ear as she whispered. �No you just lie back and soak
for a while� I�ll be here to keep and eye on you.� She noticed to her delight
that he relaxed his eyes but had not opened them as he lay with his head
resting on the end of the tub.

&nbsp;

She relished the
opportunity to admire him without being observed. His features were truly
perfect she thought, as she gazed at him. She sat for several minutes examining
the contours of his face and upper body, letting him repose comfortably in the
soapy warm water.

&nbsp;

Timothy was almost
asleep as she spoke to him. She seated herself on the side of the bath again,
but this time with her body facing him. She patted his cheek gently until he
opened his eyes. He did not seem at all anxious as she spoke to him. �Right do
you think you can lift your legs one at a time so that I can wash your feet?�
She made another funny face as she moved further down the bath towards the
taps. �I am sure you can do it modestly if you try.� Timothy blushed but at the
same time placed his hands beneath the water, obviously covering his genitals
as he carefully raised one leg out of the water.

&nbsp;

�That�s fine� She
said as she held his ankle with one soapy hand, before she began to lather his
calf with the other. She knew that it would have been difficult for him to hold
his leg up while she washed it. Her hand soaped over his feet, her slender
fingers slipping in and out almost sensuously between his toes. Moments later
she asked for the other leg, again soaping in between his toes before letting
him put his leg back under the water.

&nbsp;

She had worked out
exactly how to handle the next part as she stood up and looked at him.
�Sometimes Timothy being in hospital can be a bit embarrassing for patients, so
let�s make a compromise for the next bit. I have to erm� wash your middle. So
if I turn my back will you be very good and stand up with your back to me. You
can tell me when you are ready and then I will turn around. You must hold on to
the safety rail with both hands. You are such a tall young man that it should
not be much of a stretch for you.�

&nbsp;

Timothy flushed,
the colour flooding his cheeks in an instant. He looked at the nurse, who made
another funny face, trying to put him at his ease as she spoke. �I know� I
know, but it is the only solution I can think of. I have to do it whether I
like it or not, so will you help me out, mmm Timothy?� Timothy looked worried,
his face blushing again, but he nodded to her. Her good humour had seemed to
deflate some of his embarrassment as she gave him another funny face, before
turning her back on him. �Oh and do me a favour Timothy, tell me as soon as you
have both hands on the safety rail� I forgot, I am not supposed to let you
stand up without watching you.�

&nbsp;

Her request seemed
to cover some of the embarrassment as Timothy got up from the bath. He looked
down at himself and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that his penis was
flaccid. He reached up just above his head and took a firm hold of the bar with
both hands. He squeezed his legs tight together before he turned his head to
the right and spoke to the young nurse. 

&nbsp;

�Er� er� I�m er
ready nurse.�

&nbsp;

Helen Dowling
turned around and looked at the boy�s naked body for the first time on her own.
She knew that he would not have spread his legs on his own volition, but took
the opportunity to examine him as he was. His body she felt sure was the most
perfect of any human she had ever seen, narrow hips, perfectly contoured and
firm bottom, reasonably broad shoulders without bulk and of course a perfectly
slender waist. She moved behind him, feeling him flinch as she laid her hand
gently on his hip. 

&nbsp;

�Thanks Timothy�
you are a friend� now just spread your legs for me.� She could not see him
blush as he reluctantly began to shuffle his legs apart. �I�m afraid you will
have to spread them a little bit further than that Timothy. I�ll tell you what�
you keep spreading them until I tell you when they are O.K.� 

&nbsp;

Again she did not
see his face flush with embarrassment, but she did hear the deep sigh as he
began to spread his legs. Helen and no intention of letting him off the hook as
she waited patiently until his legs were widely spread. 

&nbsp;

�That�s fine� now
don�t be embarrassed this won�t take too long.� 

&nbsp;

Helen knew that by
the time she had finished with him he would be blushing furiously. She had been
given her instructions and she knew that she would carry them out to the letter
however much she liked the young boy. She also knew that even if she had not
been instructed, she would not have let such a beautiful young boy slip through
her fingers.

&nbsp;

She savoured the
moment as she took the soap and thoroughly lathered her hands. The prospect of
having the boy to herself thrilled her so much so that she squeezed her legs
together. She felt a little stab of pleasure course through the flesh of her
smooth and hairless pubis.

&nbsp;

She placed her
hands upon him as if he was a sacred object, her smooth soapy fingers gently
holding him at either side of his narrow waist. She felt his body tremble as
she smoothed her hands lower over his hips and down the outer sides of his
thighs. She began washing him in earnest, moving downwards towards his knees,
gently soaping his lower legs before taking her hands away and applying more
lather. She hesitated for a moment before she placed her hands flat against the
cheeks of his bottom. She heard his indrawn breath as she began to wash his
buttocks, her hands becoming bolder until she had insinuated her fingers
between the deep cleft of his bottom. Her voice was cool and clinical as she
spoke to him. �Just relax your buttocks; I have to wash you here.� She
illustrated the fact by sliding her fingers over the delicate puckered rosebud
of his sphincter, her touch becoming more insistent as she probed the opening
of his bottom. �Just relax� there we are now.� Her words punctuated her actions
as she slipped her forefinger up into his bottom. His gasp was cut short by a
sharp intake of breath as she slid a second finger up into him. �ooohhhh
oh� er ooooohhhh.� His groans had
scarcely escaped from his lips when he felt her other hand slide down over his
left buttock and up into the gap between his legs. He gasped again as she smoothed
her hand over his scrotum before taking hold of his penis and immediately
slipping the foreskin back to the base of the shaft.

&nbsp;

�Just relax now
sweetheart, this won�t take long.� Her words did not alleviate any of the young
boy�s embarrassment; in fact they inflamed it as she began to manipulate his
flaccid member. Her hands began to stimulate him, expertly and skilfully she
aroused him.

&nbsp;

Slowly her long
slender fingers seemed to entwine with the most sensitive parts of his timid
young manhood. Deftly she matched and coordinated the movements of her fingers
inside his bottom with those wrapped around his rapidly engorging penis. 

&nbsp;

�Arggghh Oooohhh
hooo misss.� Timothy could not help himself as his penis erected fully. He
shivered and gasped as her fingers sunk deep inside his bottom. With a
practiced thrust she quickly located his prostate and began to probe the soft
gland with a deep thrusting motion.

&nbsp;

�Arggghhhh�oooohhhhh
nooooooooooooooohhh.� He cried as his penis began to throb incessantly. She
gave him no respite as her fingers moved sensuously over the pulsing flesh. Her
body pressed against his buttocks as she sought extra purchase for her fingers
inside his young bottom.

&nbsp;

�Oh pleeeease�� er nooooohhh.� He pleaded as she brought his
arousal up to the next level.

&nbsp;

�Now just relax
Timothy, I have to do this. It�s for your own good now� just relax your bottom
a little more, there�s a good boy.� 

&nbsp;

She did not wait
for any relaxation, instead her fingers roamed deep within him as she stretched
his sphincter even wider. Suddenly she thrust hard, at the same time retracting
his foreskin until the skin was stretched tight. Before he could recover she
wrapped her fingers around the bared head and forming her fingers into a circle
before moving them in a rapid blur of motion up and down over the sensitive
rim.

&nbsp;

�Argggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�
oh please nooooohhh.� 

&nbsp;

He squirmed his
hips to try and escape his torment, his head raised towards the ceiling as he
gasped for breath. Helen felt his sphincter suddenly begin to contract in a series
of spasms, heralding his imminent ejaculation. Without warning she changed the
orientation of her fingers inside his bottom. Immediately she produced a rapid
scissor-like motion, the tips of her fingers scoring across the surface of his
prostate. She tightened the circle of her fingers as she rapidly milked her
hand up and down the bared flesh of his penis.

&nbsp;

She knew that the
boy was engulfed in sexual anguish as almost callously she increased the speed
of her fingers. Amazingly her voice was cool and calm, showing no trace of her
rapid manipulation of his sexual organs as she spoke to him. �Just hold tight
sweetie, it will all be over soon� just a little longer now.�

&nbsp;

He shivered and
shook, his knees trembling as he began to ejaculate. Helen felt a pure and
unadulterated thrill of delight course through her body as she milked and
probed the young boy to a tortured and agonizing ejaculation. 

�Arrrrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh�
oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh. Nooooo oh please nooooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh.�


&nbsp;

Timothy was beside
himself� he could not believe that the innocent young nurse was doing this to
him. He shivered and shook as semen spurted from his penis. Each ejaculation
seemed to be being torn from his body as the nurse expertly milked him, her
hands allowing him no respite as she spurred him to new heights of sexual
anguish and torment. 

&nbsp;

Helen peered
around his slim waist to see his semen spurting over the edge of the bath and
on to the floor beyond.

&nbsp;

Timothy gasped and
groaned� his body shivering uncontrollably as the young nurse seemed to hold
him orgasmic suspension.

&nbsp;

�There we are
sweetie, its nearly over now just hold on for a little longer� what a good boy
you are.� Her words seemed to inflame him further her hand flew over his penis
in a rapid blur of motion. Diligently and rapidly she milked his penis until he
was totally spent. He groaned in utter despair as the fingers within his bottom
prodded him until he could ejaculate no more. His body felt drained and limp as
the young nurse slowed her hands to a stop.

&nbsp;

�Hooohhh
harrggghhh.� 

&nbsp;

He groaned as he
drew in a deep lung-full of air. His body shivered and shook as Helen gently
extracted her fingers from his bottom. She patted his penis as she drew her
hand from between his widely spread legs. 

&nbsp;

She moved around
the bath to stand in front of him. His head hung down and his eyes seemed to
have moved to the top of their sockets as he groaned in utter sexual fatigue.
Gracefully she stooped and reached for the soap, lathering her hands she gently
and carefully washed him. Her hand slid carefully between his legs as she
gently soaped his testicles. Carefully she lifted his plump penis between
finger and thumb and pulled the foreskin back to reveal the bared flesh
beneath. �Just grasp the rail tightly Timothy,� she warned as she suddenly
wrapped her soapy fingers around the timid flesh and held his penis captive.
She felt him shudder and shake as she washed the tender flesh. �Just hold on�
there we are� well done Timothy.� Ohhhhh.. oh arggghhh.� He groaned as she
rinsed his penis and placed her hand on his thigh. �Now come along let me help
you out of the bath and get you dried� my you have had a traumatic day!�

&nbsp;

Any pretence at
saving his modesty had long gone as she made him stand with his legs wide apart
while she dried him. He had tried to cover himself several times, in the end
she had resorted to making him stand with his hands on his head.

&nbsp;

She even ignored
his shiver of anguish as she dried the sensitive flesh beneath his foreskin.
His face was flushed to a deep crimson of shame and humiliation by the time
Helen had finished. She had made him bend over the chair, smacking his bottom
like a child when he protested. Once in position she had spread his buttocks
while she had dried between the crevice of his bottom. His final indignity of
the evening was still to come as she sat on the chair in front of him.

&nbsp;

She picked up a
can of talcum powder and patted her knees. �Come along Timothy, over my knees
so that I can powder your bottom. He groaned and looked at her his face
contorted into a mask of shame. �Oh pleeease�
er, not that� er miss oh please don�t make me do that� please.�

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry
sweetie, but you have to obey me. This is part of what I have to do� just think
how naughty you are being questioning everything.� She looked up at him, her
beautiful face looking stern as she caught his eye.

&nbsp;

�Right shall we
say six smacks for every second you stand there and argue with me Timothy?�

&nbsp;

The boy looked
shocked as she sat primly before him. Her knees were pressed together, but the
hem of her white nursing uniform hung down to one side revealing much of her
tanned thighs. She looked cool and calm as she sat looking up at him. She did
not utter another word as she saw the look of resignation on the young boy�s
crimson face.

&nbsp;

Even after all the
indignities of the day, Timothy could not help the deep flush of red that
suffused his cheeks as he moved to stand at her side. Shivering with utter
humiliation he leaned forward� completely at a loss as to what to do next. 

&nbsp;

�Come along bend
right over� reach out for the floor� there that�s the way.� She caught him
around the waist as he lowered his hands as he bent right over her knees. He
almost flopped on to her knees as she pulled him down. He felt utterly stupid
as she smoothed her hands over his bottom. He looked at the tiled floor in
despair as she spoke to him again.

&nbsp;

�Right Timothy, I
am going to take your temperature first. I want you to reach back with your
hands and spread the cheeks of your bottom for me.�

&nbsp;

Timothy could not
believe his ears as the young nurse patted the cheeks of his bottom as if to
illustrate the point. He groaned in anguish as awkwardly he reached back,
timidly holding the cheeks of his bottom. Helen smiled to herself as she
continued her instruction. 

&nbsp;

�Right pull your
bottom apart, now don�t be naughty� just follow my instructions when I tell you
to do something.� 

&nbsp;

She took a rectal
thermometer from her top pocket as she gazed down at his body. She delighted at
the sight of him as he timidly grasped the cheeks of his bottom; his head was
raised, looking forward rather than at the floor as he struggled with the task.
She could feel that his penis was lying between the juncture of her legs. She
relaxed her knees, immediately feeling his plump member slip between her
thighs.

&nbsp;

In a haze of utter
humiliation, Timothy pulled the cheeks of his bottom apart. He could feel the
cool air against his sphincter as he stretched the cheeks of his bottom. His
embarrassment was absolute as she spoke to him once more. 

&nbsp;

�Just pull them
apart a little more so that I can see you properly.� He gasped in anguish as he
pulled at the cheeks of his bottom, spreading them with an even firmer
pressure. 

&nbsp;

�Now try and relax
your bottom, I don�t want to use too much lubricant otherwise you will feel
messy all night.� He shivered as she suddenly pressed the tip of the
thermometer against his sphincter. It was all he could do to hold his cheeks
apart as she began to prod and probe with the Pyrex glass tip. She felt a cruel
delight in prodding his sphincter, watching the pinkish rosebud recoil as she
teased it. Carefully she continued to tease the tight orifice until she saw the
muscle begin to dilate. Feeling a sudden thrill she pushed the tip of the
thermometer through the stricture of muscle. 

�Arrrggghhh�� oh oh hoooo� He gasped, expelling his breath
in an anguished burst of pent up embarrassment and humiliation. He felt
absolutely childish as he lay across her lap. The ignominy of having to hold
the cheeks of his bottom open for her while she inserted the thermometer shamed
him through and through.

&nbsp;

Helen was
delighting in the situation. Skilfully she worked the smooth glass tube up into
his bottom. She ignored his gasps and groans, knowing full well that the teasing
of his bottom had had other effects upon him. She could feel his penis stir
between her legs as slowly and inexorably she slid the widening glass tube
right up into his anus until it was almost out of sight.

&nbsp;

Timothy could not
have explained why he felt so humbled by the simple act of her placing her hand
over his bottom cheek. Perhaps it was a manifestation of his utter
vulnerability and her complete control over him. He gasped at her touch, his
face flushed as he strained to keep his buttocks widely spread for her.

&nbsp;

�There we are, all
nicely tucked away in your bottom. You can relax your bottom now and put your
hand on the floor until I am ready to take the thermometer out of your little
bottom.� She smoothed both hands over his buttocks. The flesh felt soft and
smooth as she slipped the fingers of her right hand down between the juncture
of his legs. She heard him gasp and quickly draw in his breath as her
fingertips played over the base of his scrotum. Moving her hips slightly she
managed to slip her hand around the swollen sac, marvelling at the fullness of
his testes as she held them gently.

&nbsp;

�Any pain here
Timothy?� she asked sweetly as she gently tickled the puckered skin with her
fingertips. She heard him gasp once more as squeezed the soft orbs of flesh
before extricating her hand. She felt the first throb of arousal from his penis
as she carefully shifted her position to allow the swollen flesh of his penis
to hang down fully between her parted thighs. Deliciously she squeezed legs
together, feeling an answering throb as the soft smooth flesh of her thighs
closed over his penis.

&nbsp;

She stayed silent
as little by little she felt his organ grow. She was careful not to stimulate
him overtly, instead preferring far subtler methods as she traced her fingers
over the soft smoothness of his bottom cheeks. �Right, let�s have a look at
your temperature. Stretch your arms back and spread your cheeks.� She
accompanied her instruction with a light slap across both the cheeks of his
bottom.

&nbsp;

Again Timothy
gasped and groaned as he stretched his arms backwards and pulled the cheeks of
his bottom apart. She slapped his bottom again as she admonished him like one
would a child. �Come along now� let�s have those cheeks widely spread. She put
her hand next to his and stretched the flesh until it would stretch no further.
�Now keep them well spread while I have a look in your little bottom.� Her
words brought another rapid flush of blood to his face as she teased the end of
the glass tube. Deliberately she moved it from side to side as she slipped it
from his sphincter.

&nbsp;

�My� your
temperature is absolutely perfect. I thought that you might have been a little
feverish with all that gasping and groaning you have been doing.� She patted
his bottom as she placed the thermometer on the floor beside her ready to take
for sterilisation.

�Now young man, I
have to have a serious word with you. You have been a very naughty little boy.
Do I have to smack your bottom or are you going to behave and let me powder
your cheeks without fuss?�

&nbsp;















Even though it was only seven thirty in the morning, the sun shone brightly through the bamboo slatted blinds of the cosmetic treatment room. Four girls stood in the centre of the room laughing and talking as they waited for their supervisor.

It seems to be a fact that girls, who work in cosmetics, are usually far prettier than their clients. All four of the girls within clinic were stunningly beautiful. 



They were dressed in smart pink tunics, each with a broad belt accenting their tiny waists. All of the girls had dark hair which was styled in a similar manner to each other; a severe style which was cut high at the back and then descended to the jaw-line in a sheer wing. On top of their heads they each wore a small nurse�s hat. The hats were quite dainty and very fashionable, matching their tunics perfectly. Each girl was exquisitely made up; their lips all in the same shade of lipstick, light powder dusting over their impeccable complexions and their eye shadow again in matching colour.





The room was brightly decorated in various subdued shades of pink and magenta. On the walls were large colour posters showing the results of various cosmetic treatments that were available at the clinic. Close-up shots of lips and eyes were interspaced with pictures of exquisitely shaped nude young women, their perfect bodies photographed to perfection.



Below the pictures were pink marble topped counters. Upon the clinically clean and gleaming surfaces were the instruments which the girls used to do their work. They were laid out in row upon row; most were made of gleaming stainless steel or chromium plate. Set high in the ceiling above the centre of the room was a large adjustable arm which held an operating lamp. Within the fixture were hung a series of metal braided flexible cables. At the end of each cable there was attached a pencil shaped stainless steel device, looking rather like a dentist�s drill.



Below the operating lamp, which still had to be turned on, was an open space surrounded by surgical trolleys. The trolleys held surgical trays which were neatly filled with lotions, towels, jugs and a variety of paraphernalia. By the side of each trolley was an ultra-modern chromium-plated chair. Each chair was mounted on rather technical-looking castors which enabled the chairs to move easily over the shiny pale grey rubber flooring.



The girls stopped talking and turned towards the door, each smiling a greeting as Judith Gains walked into the room. Judith smiled back at her four young cosmetologists, immediately noting that their appearance was immaculate. Judith was a most beautiful young woman, tall and neatly featured with short, severely cut ash-blonde hair. Her mouth was small and prettily shaped as was her nose. Her eyes were deep blue and had the effect of holding ones attention. Her body was lithe, with small pointed breasts and a narrow waist which accented her hips and long perfectly proportioned legs. 



Judith was aware of her good looks and realised that many women that attended the clinic would have like to have looked as good as her. It is often the case that beautiful women seem to enjoy the company of others who share their beauty and it was perhaps this that made the clinic so successful. 



Judith stood looking them up and down thoughtfully for a moment before coming to a decision. She reached towards the nearest girl and undid the top three buttons of her tunic until she could clearly see the girl�s cleavage. �That�s better Susan� now why don�t you all follow suit. I have a rather nice surprise for you this morning. You are all going to be doing electrolysis� a complete pubic area as well as buttock cleft. Even with all four of you working, it will still probably take all morning so if you would like to prepare your equipment.� 



All of the four girls at the clinic had completed the four year course in electrolysis. Their skill and dexterity with the procedure was such that the clinic�s claim of a providing a �painless procedure� was indeed true. The new units that the girls used did not have to penetrate the skin and yet provided complete depilation of hair with no chance of re-growth. Although the girls still referred the procedure as electrolysis, the new units, rather than using an electrical charge, emit nano-second bursts of radio waves at such high frequencies and amplitudes that they immediately destroy the root of the hair.



Susan looked at her supervisor and smiled. �We often do electrolysis together� and we have done lots of �completes�� so what is the surprise� is she a celebrity?�



Judith smiled as she saw that she had all of the girls� full attention.&nbsp; �No� it�s not a celebrity� and it�s not a �she�� it�s a �he�. Judith laughed as she heard the girls� indrawn breath in unison - and the look of sheer surprise on their beautiful young faces. Before that could utter a word, she continued. �What�s more� he is the most delightful looking young boy.�



Their questions came fast and furious. �Why does he want it done?� �Who is he?� �How old is he?�



Judith smiled at them and held up her hands. �His name is Timothy� he has been ordered to have it done by Dr. Ashcroft, so he has no choice in the matter. He has already been shaved recently, but his hair has grown sufficiently for electrolysis. His complete denuding is to facilitate his treatment� which is�� she paused, holding the wide eyed girls in suspense� to be made to ejaculate several times a day as he is producing too much semen� which in turn is making his testicles swollen and painful. Now I don�t know any more details other than that he will be here soon and I believe� already in stirrups.�



Judith looked at each girl in turn. She noted that Susan was blushing slightly. Jane also seemed to be flushed, perhaps with excitement, Judith thought. Alison and June both seemed to have a flush to their cheeks as they began to pull the electrolysis cables down into position. Judith watched as Jane moved to the wall panel and pressed the switch that would initialise the lighting of the large operating theatre lamp.



After the girls had finished their various tasks they each stood by their instrument trolleys. Judith noticed that they were all looking at her. She knew exactly what was on their minds, but did not speak further. Instead she stood smiling at them until one of the girls bucked up courage to ask the question which was obviously on every single one of the girls minds. It was Jane that finally broached the subject. �Er� what do we do if he� erm gets an erection? I mean we will have to erm� handle his penis and�� She paused. �well� his testicles.�



Judith smiled. �Well it will probably make your job easier� I mean if his penis is standing up out of the way.� She laughed, noting that there still seemed to be a question hanging on the girls� lips. Jane looked at the other girls and then spoke again, her face colouring up into a pretty blush.



�What� if he erm cums� er I mean ejaculates. I mean if he is young and obviously virile� I mean� what do we do?�



Judith smiled. �I was just waiting for you to ask. I specifically asked the doctor that very question. Her answer was� that she understands perfectly that you will have to handle the boy intimately. She has instructed that you are perfectly at liberty to handle him as you wish and that if you feel that he needs to ejaculate� that you may erm� aid him in this. If I can put it a little more clearly you can stimulate him to ejaculation� as many times as you like. He is already being erm� milked, yes I think that is a good term to use� in seven sessions a day. And he is made to ejaculate twice during each session. So that is fourteen times a day. The boy has obviously a very large capacity for producing semen.�



She smiled at the flushed faces of the girls, noting their astonished expressions as she continued. �The poor boy will obviously be stimulated� even by looking at you� so it won�t come as a surprise if he becomes� erm� over excited.� Judith continued to smile but her tone became a little more serious as she looked at each girl in turn.



�Oh one more thing� I am told that he is a lovely boy� and he will naturally be embarrassed� so be kind to him.� Judith looked at the girls again, her expression showing a hint of amusement at the corners of her pretty lips.



�If you feel embarrassed about making him ejaculate I can always send for one of the nurses to milk him for you� would you all prefer that?�



It was Jane again that looked at the other girls and then back at Judith. �Can we see how it goes, before answering that question?�



Judith smiled at her and then at the other girls. �Of course� and I will be around all morning� so if you have any problems� just ask me.�



Judith turned and walked through to her office which was situated through a �screened-off� reception area at the far end of the room. She smiled as she heard one of the girls open the double doors that led directly through into the corridor, to facilitate the entry of a hospital bed. She knew that the girls would be having a quick discussion as soon as she closed her office door.



True to form, the girls stood together in the middle of the room. It was June who spoke first. �If he is really nice looking� erm I don�t think it would be, erm� too difficult� er if you see what I mean.� Jane smiled as June stammered with some embarrassment. She looked at Susan. It seemed as if they were all of a similar mind. Jane spoke, her authority giving her an attentive audience. �Lets wait and see what he is like� er� and then we can decide� if he is as lovely as Judith says then I don�t think any of us would be too alarmed at the prospect.�



It was almost ten minutes later that Jane heard the click of the operating light as it automatically came to full brightness, illuminating the centre of the room. A few seconds afterwards, another sound was heard, this time in the corridor which lay beyond the opened double-doors. June looked around, as did all of the girls, as a hospital bed was pushed through into the room. Curiously all the girls seemed to blush in unison as they watched two young nurses wheel the bed towards the centre of the room. 



The foot of the bed was facing towards them. A large green hospital sheet covered the raised stirrups right down to the castors on the floor. Because of the height of the stirrups, which were also set widely apart, the girls could see nothing of the boy�s face until the bed reached the centre of the room beneath the operating lamp. All of the girls looked down at him. Only his blushing face was visible to the girls as they gathered around the bed. Rather than make any contact with his eyes the girls looked at the two nurses, who smiled at them rather conspiratorially. 



�His name is Timothy, he�s a lovely boy� so take good care of him for us. If he needs to have a little wee-wee, I have left a jar under the bed. He has been given a most thorough enema and a good scrub in the bath. � The nurse tousled the young boy�s hair, causing him to blush even more profusely as both of the nurses turned to leave the room, thoughtfully closing the double doors behind them.



Jane looked at the boy. Pleased for the moment, that he was looking up at the ceiling in embarrassment. She could see that he was doing his best to avoid the interested looks from all of the girls. 



He is beautiful thought Jane. He has the most perfect of all good looks. She thrilled as her eyes followed the contours of his body hidden beneath the sheet. She could see that his torso was slim but could see nothing more because of the sheet, which was stretched upwards over his raised knees and over his feet. It was obvious that his thighs must have been placed as wide apart as was physically possible. She felt a thrill run through her slim body as she wondered what the nurses must have felt when they were setting the stirrups to such a wide extremity.



Jane caught sight of June and Alison�s slightly flushed faces as they moved closer to the boy, standing prettily at either side of the bed. They were looking down at him, almost in sympathy at his predicament, as his face flushed a deep crimson. Susan spoke to him; her words adding to his absolute shame. �Right let�s have the sheet off and have a look at you. Would you give me a hand Jane?�



Both June and Alison watched his face as Jane and Susan lifted the sheet from the floor at the foot of the bed and carefully uncovered his feet before slipping the sheet over his shins towards the head of the bed.



Timothy gasped, feeling cool air around his bottom as the sheet was lifted upwards. He closed his eyes in shameful anguish as he felt the sheer cotton slip down over his knees and thighs. 



He was aware that his genitals were already open to view from the foot of the bed as the material brushed over his penis and was gathered up onto his chest. June and Alison took the sheet and lifted it away from his body and folded it between them before June took it and slipped it on the tray under the bed.



Jane was able to look at the naked boy for the first time. She let her eyes take in every detail of his body. She noted the perfect skin complexion the lovely long thighs, his firm young bottom and the utterly delightful sight of his tight scrotum bulging beneath his plump penis. She felt a tremble of sheer pleasure run through her body as she savoured the site of the young boy stretched out in the most vulnerable of positions� almost as if he were on offer for her very own delectation.



Jane knew that the other girls were already doing much the same as she. She smiled to herself, confident in the knowledge that they could not help savouring such a perfect body and face.



Timothy was in anguish, feeling utterly ashamed at his humiliating position, acutely aware that his knees were raised high and spread wide apart. He could feel the cool air between the cheeks of his bottom reminding him that his buttocks were also widely spread apart. He was acutely conscious that his penis was hanging down between his widely spread thighs, available for everyone to view.



He opened his eyes as Alison gently laid her cool hand against his chest. He looked up to see the exquisitely pretty girl looking down at him. She spoke softly as her eyes examined his blushing face. �Now Timothy, we are going to remove your hair with electrolysis. It doesn�t hurt so I want you to lie back and relax. You may sometimes feel a little tingle, but nothing more. Would you like something to drink before we start?�



Timothy could hardly speak, such was his acute embarrassment. �er�erm� er no miss.� Timothy did not want to have to use the jar beneath the bed that the nurse had referred to. 



He shuddered in shame as he suddenly felt a hand touch the inside of his thigh. He could not help looking down between his legs. To his horror two of the girls had drawn their chairs to sit side by side between his legs. Their hands suddenly touching the inside of his thighs as they reached upwards and took hold of the instruments which were hanging down from their cables. He watched as the other two girls drew their chairs up to sit at either side of his hips. Suddenly as if on cue he felt all of their hands upon his skin. 



He shivered as the girls nearest to his head, placed their free hands upon his stomach, at the same time reaching upwards for their instruments in a practised manner. He watched as they drew the pencil-like apparatus downwards; the girl to his left, casually sliding her hand down to his pubis and stretching the skin as she placed the tip of the instrument on his flesh. He felt a tickling sensation as she began to work. He blushed as the second girl looked at him, catching him unawares as she smiled sweetly and spoke.



�There Timothy, you see it doesn�t hurt at all.� As soon as she had spoken, she too stretched the skin of his pubis as she bent forward, her pretty face only inches away from his genitals.



He gasped as another hand was slipped between the cheeks of his bottom, stretching the flesh outwards as gentle fingers carefully lifted his testicles. He could not help the gasp that escaped from his lips as their soft hands and fingers touched him all over his exposed pubis. He felt something score against his flesh and looked down to see that one of the girls was drawing lines with a blue marker-pencil around his penis and testicles. He quickly looked away as one of the girls looked up at him. His embarrassment was so acute that he tried to distance himself from the situation.



A buzzing and clicking sound permeated the silence in the room as the girls bent their heads forward to examine his most intimate flesh.



 He could not believe his predicament as they nonchalantly went to work on his timid and naked body. He could feel their cool hands and soft touch as they began to apply the electrodes to the short hairs that had re-grown since he had been so embarrassingly shaved.



Timothy looked up at the ceiling and bit his lip as he felt their soft hands, seemingly everywhere around his genitals and bottom crease. His shame was compounded at the thought that their faces were so close to his most private parts� and the utter dread in the back of his mind that he might become erect.



Jane looked at Susan as they both began work between his legs. She could see that although Susan�s face was still flushed it seemed to be more with excitement than perhaps that of embarrassment. Susan looked back at Jane; her lips were slightly parted as she leaned her head forward and whispered in her ear. �He�s quite the most beautiful thing I have ever seen,� Jane watched her as she moved her head forward, her face only inches from his penis as she began to work quickly upon the boy�s most intimate area.



Timothy looked up at the ceiling, his mind in turmoil as he fought to inhibit his emotions. He bit his lip as their hand moved over his tender flesh. He was blushing profusely at the ignominy of his position. Their peripatetic touches caressed and aroused his flesh, whether by mischievous design or merely in the need to access their areas of work� the result was same. He felt an all too familiar stirring in his loins. 



The girls worked quickly, their handling of the pencil-like electrolysis units was deft and sure. Each girl was quite capable of treating over two thousand follicles in an hour. Within the morning session, the boy would be denuded of every single hair of his pubis. Although all hair growth would be stopped, the hairs would remain in situ until the area was cleaned by waxing and stripping.



The constant clicking of the units, the girls breathing and rustle of their tunics as they moved, were the only sounds to be heard within the room. The absence of noise seemed to amplify the boy�s distress in being in such an embarrassing situation. 



One of the most embarrassing aspects of his predicament was the casual way that the girls were able to touch him as and when they wanted. The casual application of perhaps a hand being laid against the inside of his thigh, or the casual way in which the girls nearest to him would lay their hands gently on his tummy as they sat back to look at their work, accented his naked vulnerability.



The girls worked quickly and silently, rapidly treating each area. Their touch was soft and gentle as they carefully stretched the skin to give them access to even the finest hair.



Inevitably the intimacy of their touch became too much for the young boy. None of the girls were in the least surprised as they saw his penis begin to stir. It almost seemed that there had been an unwritten rule between them that they did not touch his penis, certainly for the preliminary part of the proceedings until it showed signs of arousal. Perhaps it was as if to see whether he would become aroused without their direct intervention. Of course his testicles were being constantly lifted and handled from in-between the juncture of his thighs� and hands were caressing his flesh quite openly under the auspices of accessibility.



Jane looked at Susan and gently touched her hand, drawing the girl�s attention to the boy�s foreskin. They both watched as the prepuce gradually drew backwards as the flesh of his penis began to swell. Millimetre by millimetre, the skin seemed to crawl away from the tip, slowly revealing the corona of sensitive flesh. They watched avidly as the rim of the glans became fully visible.



Their attention was drawn to his blushing face as he reluctantly gasped in shame and humiliation. They watched his cheeks blush profusely as he suddenly realised that his penis was becoming erect. Susan felt a sudden sympathy for him, but also a delicious frisson of excitement as his penis began to throb visibly.



Timothy groaned inwardly in utter anguish. He could feel that his face was blushing more profusely than ever. He knew that his reddened cheeks were a testament to his utter embarrassment and humiliation. His feelings were in turmoil as he felt his penis throb once more, signalling the futility of his efforts to avert a shameful erection. He just could not ignore the gentle stroking of his skin as the girls smoothed over his flesh with their delicate fingers. The touch of four pairs of hands, all concentrated on the most intimate and sensitive area of his body was entirely too much for him.



�Oh,� he gasped as he suddenly felt a hand being placed over the shaft of his penis. His resolve to avoid an erection was utterly futile. He shivered in hopeless resignation, realising that he could not help the answering throb of his tumescent organ as cool fingers rested upon the rim of the glans. 



He felt the skin above the base being stretched and the sharp tingling as the soft short hairs were treated. He quickly looked down between his legs, blushing profusely as the girl touched his penis again as she bent her head to examine the area above the shaft. He could feel the tip of his organ tap against her fingers as it throbbed seemingly of its own volition. At the same time he felt his scrotum being lifted and the soft touch of gentle fingers as they slipped between his buttocks and smoothed over the timid flesh of his sphincter.



Jane did not look up as she felt his flesh engorge and tap against her fingers. Without a moment�s hesitation in her work, she let her fingernails score against the tender flesh of the rim. She delighted in the sound of his indrawn breath as she deliberately let her fingers draw the foreskin even further back behind the rim of the glans. She looked at Susan mischievously as they both watched his penis respond with a mighty throb.



Timothy quickly averted his eyes as his penis pulsed again, this time pushing against Jane�s hand as it engorged. The room had been silent until then. 



Now the quiet was broken as Susan gasped in exclamation as the boy�s penis rose steadily from between his thighs. The almost rigid flesh, pushed against Jane�s delicate fingers where she held it for a moment before moving her hand and allowing the turgid organ to spring free. They all watched as the throbbing flesh stood stiff and upright between his widely parted thighs.



�Oh look at his penis, he is having an erection� oh dear� shall I call the supervisor?� 



Susan�s voice was almost childlike as she addressed the girls.

Jane almost convulsed in fits of laughter at Susan�s feigned innocence. She quickly glanced up towards the boy�s face, delighted to see that his face was flushing vigorously and that his cheeks were a deep crimson as he studiously looked up at the ceiling in utter embarrassment.



Jane spoke gently, her voice low as she placed her fingers delicately around the shaft of the boy�s penis. �Yes I think we shall have to tell Judith. However I think it will be an ideal opportunity to do the hairs at the base of his little penis. Allison! If you have finished with the hair, above his penis would you slip away and tell the supervisor, please?�



Timothy could bear the shame no longer. His voice trembled as he heard their words. �Oh pleeeease� er miss. I am so sorry, I didn�t mean to er, be like this� er I just couldn�t help it.�



Jane looked at him. Her expression was kindly as she looked at his blushing cheeks and trembling lips. �Now don�t be upset. I am sure that the supervisor won�t be cross with you. But we have to tell her. Now just keep still while I do the hairs at the base of your penis.�



She could not have explained it, but Jane felt a sudden thrill as she exerted her authority over the young boy. Deliberately she ran her fingers down the shaft of his penis, pulling the foreskin downwards until the skin was stretched back as far as it would go. Her delight in holding the boy in such a way while telling him to keep still, sent another thrill coursing through her slender body.



She could see the boy�s shame written all over his crimson countenance. His lips were trembling and his eyes had a look which was a mixture of shame and guilt. He tried to avert his gaze, but Jane spoke to him again. 



�Now Timothy, promise you will be a good boy and not move while I attend to your little penis.� Her words were designed to add further humiliation to his already overburdened psyche. Somehow, her delight in her mastery over the boy had made her utter the shaming instruction. 



She looked at him once more before proceeding to treat the short hairs at the base of his penis. She knew the other girls were somewhat surprised at her authoritarian attitude. However she suspected that they were as intrigued as she was at their dominance over the young boy.



She watched as Allison disappeared into the supervisor�s office and the two other girls went back to work. She bent her head and began to work quickly and carefully, taking delight in letting her fingers trail up and down the boy�s erect penis as she touched the electrode to each of the hair follicles around the base. She was aware of the boy�s gasps and indrawn breath as she nonchalantly slipped her fingers over the head of the penis and drew up the foreskin until it covered the head.



So engrossed was she that she did not immediately see Allison return until the girl had seated herself once more at the boy�s waist, her flushed cheek touching his widely spread thighs as she seated herself. 



She heard the boy gasp again as Susan nonchalantly cupped her hand around his testicles and lifted the swollen scrotum upwards, bending her head forward and checking between the cheeks of his bottom. Jane did not see exactly what Susan was doing, but she heard the boy groan several times as her slender fingers probed between the cleft of his bottom.



It was some time later that Judith walked into the clinic. Following behind her were two young nurses. Jane looked up with the other girls to see the pretty young nurses� approach. The first nurse was carrying a deep tray which she placed on the console next to where Jane was seated. Jane could see marked differences in their dress -and indeed in their demeanour, from the nurses she usually saw around the corridors of the medical section.



As Jane further examined the nurses she noticed that they were both beautifully made up and looked quite studious in their wire framed glasses. Their jet back hair was cut very short and Jane thought that perhaps they could be sisters. She also noticed that their short white tunic dresses were exquisitely cut and that the material was of a particularly fine and expensive cotton. As the younger of the two nurses turned towards the boy, Jane could see a faint colouring of flesh beneath her dress, intimating to her that perhaps both of the girls were naked beneath their sheer garments. Judith addressed her girls, ignoring the frightened look of the naked young boy.



�This is Cynthia and Lisa Jenkins.� She pointed with her open palm as she introduced the young nurses. �They are both Dr. Ashcroft�s assistants and have come to demonstrate the correct procedure in obtaining semen from our young patient here. Timothy has a particularly unusual complaint in that he is producing far too much semen. The result is� er. That unless he is, erm� how shall I say� relieved, his testicles will cause him pain. They are going to demonstrate this procedure so that you will be able to erm� milk him yourselves� rather than Cynthia and Lisa having to break each time from their busy schedule.�



Judith continued quite nonchalantly, ignoring the frisson of sexual excitement that seemed to have permeated the room.



�Let me introduce you to the girls. This is Jane and Susan and over there are June and Alison.�



Timothy had immediately recognized Lisa and Cynthia Jenkins and had blushed immediately. A shiver ran through his young body as he saw their pretty faces turn towards him and look his naked body up and down. They both had a slightly amused expression on their young faces as they saw his blushes.



It was Cynthia Jenkins who spoke first. �Oh dear, little Timothy has been unable to control himself again. Never mind�� she turned towards the four girls. �If you would move your chairs back, I will start with the demonstration.� Cynthia watched as Jane and Susan stood up and moved their chairs away. June and Allison had already followed suit when Cynthia reached into her tray and took a jar of lubricant. As she smeared the gel liberally on to her first and second fingers, she moved to stand between the young boy�s legs.



�Would you two girls� June and Alison isn�t it?� Cynthia looked at them smiling as she spoke, �I would like you to place a hand upon his chest, just in case he tries to rear up. Timothy can be a naughty little boy sometimes and I am afraid that he has had to have his little bare bottom spanked on more than one occasion.� As if on cue, all of the girls turned towards Timothy, looking into his blushing face as Cynthia made the announcement.



Timothy groaned in utter embarrassment as he saw that all the girls were looking at him. For some reason he was unable to avert his eyes from them as they showed their surprise at the news that he had been spanked. 



Jane was intrigued at the news that young boy had been punished. She felt a delicious thrill at the thought of his naked body being laid face down over her own lap and his upturned cheeks quivering as she spanked him. She was anxious to learn more about his punishment but was discreet enough not to broach the subject immediately. She was quite sure that she would not have been able to hide her rather prurient interest.



Cynthia drew their attention back to the demonstration as she slipped her lubricated fingers between the cheeks of the boy�s bottom. His body stiffened immediately as Cynthia cheekily teased his sphincter with her forefinger. 



�Now keep still and don�t fidget while I penetrate your bottom.� She addressed the young boy sternly as she probed and stroked the neat rosebud of flesh. Suddenly the ring of muscle dilated as she slipped her forefinger up into his anus. The girls watched, enthralled as the young boy shivered with shame and anguish. 



�oop�s there we are.� Cynthia announced as she slipped a second finger up into his bottom. 



�Now girls, I am going to probe deeply with my fingers until I can dilate the flesh sufficiently to allow easy access to his prostrate gland. Then I will show you, one by one, what to feel for when you take it in turns to do it yourselves.�



Timothy was beside himself as the young nurse casually explored inside him. He could not help gasping with anguish at the indignity of her intimate explorations. His mind recoiled at the very thought, that the young nurse was going to let the other girls do the same thing to him. He groaned and gasped in total shame as her fingers stretched his sphincter wide.



Jane could not believe her ears as she had listened to the young nurse. So� they were all going to feel inside his bottom. She glanced at Susan to see that her eyes were upon the boy, watching in fascination as the young nurse thrust her fingers up into his bottom once more.



Cynthia continued� her actions nonchalant and practiced, completely ignoring the moans of the young boy as he began to shiver and writhe upon the bed. 

She spoke once more to the girls. �You won�t need to wear gloves; his bottom has been thoroughly cleansed with several enemas before he was brought to you. He is squeaky clean inside and out.�



Her voice was cool and calm, belying the actions of her fingers as she moved them further upwards into the young boy�s bottom.



�Now if you will just watch Lisa, she will show you how we actually collect the semen.� As the girls turned their heads towards Cynthia�s pretty sister, Lisa reached into the tray and took a glass specimen tube. She held it up and turned the opening towards the girls.



�If you can see it is made of quite a thick glass. Inside the opening you will notice that it is ribbed right up until it narrows. The ribs are quite smooth and are designed to finally stimulate the penis to ejaculation and contain the content. The ridge on the side is to allow air into the lower part so that it won�t get stuck by causing suction.� 



Lisa leaned forward and casually stretched her delicate fingers outwards before lowering her hand and grasping the boy�s erect penis. Her voice was equally casual as she spoke to the girls.



�After I have manipulated the foreskin and he shows signs of ejaculating, I stretch the prepuce back.� Delicately she followed words with action, stretching the foreskin backwards ignoring the boy�s gasp of shock as the skin was stretched tight. 



�I make sure that the fraenulum is tightly stretched before I place the opening of the specimen tube over the head and stimulate the glans-penis like so. It is advisable to hold the shaft of the penis tightly so that he cannot evade the effect as you manipulate the tube.�



Timothy nearly lifted his torso off the bed as the young nurse moved the rim of the glass quickly up and down over the head of his throbbing organ. She did it four times before she took the glass away. Seemingly, she ignored the boy�s writing body and protestations as she looked towards the girls making sure that they had all observed the demonstration.



Timothy gasped in shock at the acute sensation, his body shivering and shaking with emotion. Both June and Alison had to use both of their hands on the boy�s chest to push his upper body back down upon the bed. Alison then took his wrists and stretched his arms back outwards above his head, her young breasts pressing against his chest as she leaned forward. 



She felt a thrill of delight as she handled the trembling boy with ease. She thrilled again as she looked into his eyes and spoke. �Now just lay quietly like a good boy while the nurse attends to your penis.� She, like Jane, could not have explained the utter thrill they all felt at having total control over the young boy.



Cynthia had concentrated on relaxing the sphincter muscle rather than immediately stimulating his prostate. She was rather afraid that if she stimulated him too much he would ejaculate before all the girls had had time to take their turns. She turned to Susan, smiling at her, as she gestured towards the jar of gel.



�Put some lubricant on your first two fingers�� She watched as Susan hesitantly complied. ��there that�s the way, don�t be afraid to use plenty.� Her voice was quite casual as she instructed her. �Now as I extricate my fingers just slide your middle finger and then your forefinger up through the sphincter. The muscle is nicely relaxed now� so push straight upwards� ready� right bring your body further to the middle� there that�s the way.� 



Cynthia made way for her and suddenly slipped her fingers from the boy�s bottom. �Right straight upwards� there that�s it.� 



Cynthia watched as Susan slid her fingers up through the sphincter. Timothy shivered and shook as he felt his bottom being penetrated. His legs trembled in the confines of the stirrups as Susan diligently followed Cynthia�s instructions.



�Right Susan I want you to go further in and feel for the prostrate gland. Turn you hand a little and when you feel it curl you finger so you can stroke over it.� Cynthia watched with satisfaction as the young girl, her lips parted in concentration, leaned forward and pushed her fingers all the way in. 



�There now� you should be able to feel it now� can you?�



The girls managed to stifle a giggle as Susan innocently moved her fingers deep within the boy and exclaimed. 



�Yes I think this is it� it feels like a plum.� 



Cynthia smiled as she wiped the grease from her hands with a moist medicated tissue. 



�Right take your other hand� and now hold the tip of his penis between your finger and thumb.� 



Cynthia waited as Susan timidly touched the tip of the boy�s penis with her finger and then, growing bolder, placed her finger and thumb on either side of the glans. 



�O.K. now push your fingers more firmly up into his bottom and curl them over the prostate� pressing it as firmly as you can. You should be able to feel his penis pulse when you do it.� 



Cynthia watched avidly, as did all the girls, as Susan leaned forward and pushed her hand firmly between the cheeks of his bottom. They could see the movement in her slender forearm as she manipulated her finger inside him. 



Suddenly a clear liquid erupted from the tip of his penis. Judith watched her staff as the boy shivered in absolute shame and torment. She felt genuinely sorry for the young boy and moved around the head of the bed. Gently she stroked her hand over his fevered brow as he drowned within a sea of embarrassment and sexual anguish. 



Involuntarily he gasped loudly. A visible shiver ran through the entire length of his body as he jerked with the acute sensation of Susan�s finger deeply massaging his prostate gland. His face was beetroot red as he threw his head back in abandon. 



�Ooooohhh noooooo misssss.� He gasped, as his penis throbbed once more. 



Somehow to Timothy, the thought of actually ejaculating as Susan innocently explored inside his bottom would have been the shame to end all shame. He blushed deeply as he saw her look at him in surprise.



�Oh� look miss� er nurse. Some fluid has come out of his penis and I can feel it throbbing. Shall I stop stroking him, erm� inside him I mean?� 



Cynthia smiled. �Yes that�s fine Susan� you can take your fingers out now. His bottom should be nicely relaxed for the next girl.�



Each girl went through the same ritual. Jane, who had waited until last, found particular pleasure in penetrating the young boy. Her body thrilled again and again as she explored the core of his sexual being. She noted his responses exactly as her fingers roamed about inside his bottom. Her feeling of control over his most innermost feelings gave her a visceral pleasure that she had not experienced before. 



It was as she placed her fingers around the shaft of his penis and stretched his foreskin back, that she came to know herself� quietly relishing in the pleasure of being utterly and totally in control of the young boy.



Cynthia immediately recognized the especially dominant pleasure that Jane was deriving in her intimate examination of Timothy. The young beauty therapist�s words did not surprise her in the least, as Jane spoke while thrusting her fingers even more deeply into his bottom. 



�Now Timothy, be a good boy and keep still while I examine inside your bottom, I am sure that you would not enjoy having your bare little bottom cheeks spanked in front of all these pretty girls now would you?�



Timothy stammered in shame. �Please miss� er I�m sorry miss.�



The words confirmed Cynthia�s opinion of Jane. She knew that she was in the presence of a kindred spirit. 



Her voice was encouraging as she leaned forward to get a closer look at Jane impalement of the young boy. �If you prod the prostate with your fingers Jane, you will find that he will respond in a more overt manner. 



Cynthia watched as Jane moved her hand more vigorously within the confines of the boy�s buttocks, at the same time stretching his foreskin back down the shaft until the skin was stretched tight. Timothy gasped in anguish as his sexual feelings were expertly plundered. Another globule of clear sticky fluid emerged from his penis as he groaned in shame. His young face was suffused in a deep blush of purple as Jane chided him again. 



�Now do try and keep still Timothy I am just going to prod you with my fingers one more time. Now try and keep your little bottom still for me.� 



Cynthia glanced at her sister, giving her a knowing look, as they watched Jane�s handling of the young boy. The true meaning of Jane�s words might have been lost upon the rest of the girls, but Lisa and Cynthia knew full-well that Jane was experiencing great satisfaction from her handling of the boy�s psyche as well as his young body.



Cynthia did not hurry Jane as she experimented with the boy. When at last she extricated her fingers, Cynthia handed her a moist medicated tissue and placed her arm around her waist. 



�Well done Jane and the rest of you girls. I think you will be able to manage quite admirably on your own. Lisa and I will just extract one sample and then you can give him a rest for twenty minutes or so before taking the second one. Now let�s see� what time is it now. Ah� nine thirty already� well in that case he will need to be milked twice at eleven thirty and then of course the same at say� one thirty. Will you be bathing him before he leaves?�



Jane was in such rapture at her thoughts of what they were going to do to the boy, that it was a second or so before she realised that a question had been asked. 



It was Judith that answered as she gently stroked her hands over the boys blushing cheeks. �Yes, we usually perform a superficial massage after waxing and depilation� then we normally take them through to the wet-room for a deep cleansing body wash. Will that be alright?�



Cynthia smiled. �Yes that will be fine� please don�t hurry. Just ring through to Doctor Ashcroft�s reception when you are done with him. I will make arrangements to have him brought back to us. If you would let him have a drink at around eleven o�clock, with some biscuits perhaps, I will see that he gets his lunch as soon as he is brought back to us.�



Cynthia gave Jane a squeeze and then moved forward to stand directly between the boy�s widely spread legs. She looked at him and spoke. �Right Timothy, you have probably been listening to what I have said. So I want you to be a very good little boy while I milk you. The girls here will be taking over after I finish and I want you to promise me that you will be very good and not make a fuss. So look at me Timothy and tell me that you are going to be a very, very obedient little boy.�



She hesitated for a moment and then seemed to make up her mind. 



�If the staff here have any trouble with you, I shall not hesitate in coming back and taking you over my knees for a sound spanking.� 



She looked into his blushing face, delighting in the look of guilt and anguish in his eyes as she addressed him. She scooped a large globule of lubricant from the jar with her first two fingers before moving forward. Deftly she cupped his testicles and lifted them upwards as she slid her lubricated fingers between the cheeks of his bottom.



The boy shivered with the acuteness of her preliminary contact, steeling himself for what must surely follow.



�Well Timothy� I am waiting for your promise.�



Timothy blushed again, his voice shaking as he spoke. �Oh please Miss.. er.. I, I promise� I really will be good�&nbsp; �Arggghhh.� His involuntary gasp told the girls that Cynthia had penetrated his bottom with her finger. They watched him writhe as the young nurse summarily penetrated him with a second finger and let his testicles down gently. �Now I want no fidgeting.� She leaned forward and encased the throbbing shaft of his penis, casually letting her fingers retract the foreskin until it revealed the glistening head of the glans.



Even with all that had gone before, Timothy was unprepared for anguished embarrassment that he now felt. Somehow the thought of displaying his emotions in front of the pretty beauticians humiliated him more than he could bear and yet he could not help writhing in sensation as the nurse penetrated him fully. He shivered and shook, his mind in a cloud of unremitting shame as his body naievely responded to the nurse�s ministrations. Where-ever he looked, there seemed to be a vista of pretty faces looking down at him. Their expressions seemed to be aloof and indifferent to his torment as he shivered and shook in deep emotion.



The girls watched in awe as the nurse began to slip the foreskin up and down the shaft of his penis. They thrilled each time the boy gasped and groaned with sensation. Jane could see that Cynthia was already touching the boy�s prostate gland as he tried to lift his hips from the table. June and Alison quickly put their hands against his chest as Judith leaned forward and gently held his head. Her words were soft and encouraging as she leaned over the anguished young boy. �There sweetheart� just try and relax� there it won�t be long now.�



Timothy tried to thrash his head from side to side, but Judith held him firmly and spoke softly to him. Although her gentle words were designed to comfort him, they seemed to inflame him more than console him. �There� that�s a good boy. The nurse is going to make you ejaculate quite soon� it won�t be long now� just hold on� just a little while longer now.�



Timothy could not control the tremor in his legs. His chest heaved upwards as he gasped for breath. The nurse�s fingers seemed to be probing even more deeply inside his bottom. It seemed that her fingers were following his emotions with a deadly accuracy, finding his most sensitive nerve endings and stimulating them with a skill that made futile his efforts to evade her touch. The intimate and invasive probing and prodding inside his bottom was so intensive that he felt he would die with sensation. Such was the intensity of his stimulation that he felt he could not bear it, even for one more second. Yet it continued, deft and thorough� an unrelenting and invasive plundering of his deepest sensibilities.



Jane was enthralled. Instinctively she placed her hand on the inside of his thigh, leaning forward to watch Cynthia at work. She stroked the boy�s leg sensuously as she watched Cynthia�s fingers seemingly delve even more deeply inside his quivering bottom.



�There, that�s a good boy. You seem to be coming along nicely.� Cynthia turned to Jane and then looked over at the other girls as she spoke once more. �Lisa is going to take over stimulating his penis, if you watch closely you will be able to see the technique she uses.



As if on cue, Lisa leaned forward and placed her fingers just beneath Cynthia�s, around the shaft at the base of the penis. Without interruption to the boy�s stimulation, Cynthia let go, as Lisa took up the rhythm, slipping the foreskin up and down in a well practiced motion. 



The boy gasped loudly as Cynthia cupped her hand around his testicles and kneaded them between her fingers before squeezing them firmly. At the same time she began to prod his bottom with a series of firm motions. 



Both Lisa and Cynthia seemed oblivious to his writhing and groaning as they deftly stimulated his young body to an anguished ecstasy. It seemed to be only moments later that Lisa held the specimen tube over the head of his penis. 



Jane noticed both of the nurses look at each other as Lisa nonchalantly pulled the foreskin tightly down the shaft of his penis. Almost callously she placed the tube over the head and manipulated it up and down in a blur of speed. The boy�s reaction astonished Jane as his body became tensed so tightly that she could see the sinews of his legs in stark relief against the muscle. His hips were raised from the bed as his body froze in utter torment. Suddenly huge globules of semen erupted into the specimen tube as a cry of anguish was torn from deep within his chest.



�Arggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.� His groan punched into the silence, body shuddering as if in the rigours of a seizure.



Cynthia�s voice was cool and calm, in stark contrast to the anguished cry from the young boy as he was forced to ejaculate helplessly. �Now lets have a nice big sample� there we are. Just a little longer� it will all be over soon.� Her hand was thrusting deeply between the cheeks of his bottom. Staccato jabs of her finger prodded his prostate gland relentlessly as she coaxed him both physically and verbally.



�Come along now� it will soon be over.� Cynthia squeezed his testicles firmly as she continued to prod and probe his prostate gland. She seemed quite unperturbed by the boy�s agonized tensing. Without altering the cadence or firmness of her fingers, she turned her head to Jane. �Would you give him about some firm slaps on his bottom� as quickly as you can. It will stimulate him and helps me extract more semen.� Cynthia�s tone was quite nonchalant and matter-of-fact, uttering the words as if asking someone to smack his bottom was the most normal thing in the world.



Jane did not question the request but turned her body and immediately smacked his left buttock with her open palm. She dare not look at the other girls as she raised her hand again and leaned across Cynthia so that she was able to smack both buttocks in turn. 



�smacckk� smaccckkk� smacccckkk.� Her hand slapped first one raised buttock and then the other as Cynthia prodded vigorously between the cheeks. Jane could not have articulated the utter delight she felt as smacked the boy�s upturned bottom. She watched his semen continue to spurt into the jar as Lisa moved the glass quickly over the rim of his penis. She had let his penis move lower pointing it towards his naval so as not to spill the contents as the jar filled rapidly.



Suddenly without warning the boy�s body went limp, his breath oozed out of his chest in a prolonged sigh as his hips sank to the surface of the bed. Lisa removed the specimen jar and placed the lip under the tip of his penis, squeezing the shaft in an upwards motion, she milked the last drop of viscous fluid up to the tip and caught it in the glass.



Jane stopped her spanking immediately and looked at the boy�s face. His mouth was hanging open as he gasped for breath. He looked near to exhaustion, although Jane was pleased to see that he had not fainted. 



Timothy could not help blushing furiously as he realised all the girls had been watching his reluctant orgasm. His young body trembled as he lay in abject embarrassment at the thought it. He closed his eyes, unable to bear the shame and humiliation.



Cynthia had quickly withdrawn her fingers from his bottom, giving his testicles one last squeeze before moving away from her position between his outstretched legs. She was sure that Jane had delighted in her instruction to smack the young boys bottom. She quickly glanced at the girl�s face to see that her cheeks were flushed with excitement.



Cynthia did not spare the boy from further embarrassment as she spoke to him. �Timothy� open your eyes and look at me.� She turned to the girls. �Little boys seem to have no control over their emotions.� She looked back at the young boy. �Now I want no nonsense when the girls milk you� no wriggling about and no tensing your bottom. Or I shall get Jane to spank you properly. Do you understand me?� 



Shame-faced and blushing furiously, Timothy looked at the young nurse. His voice was tremulous as he answered her. �I� er I promise miss� oh please miss� please do I have to do it again?� 



Cynthia�s voice was stern. �Of course you do� that�s why you are here. Now stop this nonsense immediately or I will have your bottom soundly spanked� do you hear me?� Cynthia slapped the upturned cheeks of his bottom as she finished the sentence.



 �Smacckkkk.�



Almost faint with shame, the young boy looked up at her, his words barely audible. �Oh please miss I�m sorry� please I will be good.�



Cynthia looked at the girls. �Little boys make such a fuss when they have to have their little penises milked. You will just have to be very firm with him if he gets out of line. We have been given parental permission to spank him soundly if he misbehaves or is disobedient.



Lisa took a small metal stand from the tray and stood the specimen tube upright before turning towards the girls.&nbsp; Much to the boy�s utter embarrassment she leaned over and took his flaccid penis between finger and thumb, holding the foreskin below the bulge of the head which was now partially covered.



�Just be careful around the rim of the glans when you wash him� it will be very sensitive for the next few minutes.� She slipped the foreskin back to show the rim of the glans-penis which she pointed to before laying the soft flesh down gently on to his tummy. She looked at Judith who was tenderly stroking the young boy�s cheek. 



�He has produced a very large volume of semen just now� so perhaps a wait of say� half and hour, before you extract any more. There is no reason that you can�t carry on with his depilation after you have washed his penis. I have left several specimen tubes as well as plenty of lubricant. If you have any difficulty please call us at Medical Reception.�



Judith noticed that all the girls seemed rather flushed as, a few moments later; they all sat back down to work. She moved away from the boy and walked with Lisa and Cynthia back through to the reception area.



Jane had rinsed a soft wash cloth and gently washed the boy�s flaccid penis. He had jerked and groaned a couple of times as she caught the more sensitive areas. Much to his embarrassment she had admonished him. �Now keep still and stop making such a fuss, while I wash your little Willy.� The other girls had giggled as she said the word Willy. Timothy was so embarrassed, that as they laughed, he turned his head away in shame.



The girls immediately started whispering in each-other�s ears as they started work again. They kept looking up at Timothy to make sure that he could not hear their conversation. It seemed from their hurried whispers that Jane had already been elected to stimulate the boy�s prostate gland while, it seemed, that June would be handling the specimen tube.











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jane Marwood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





