BDSM Library - Photo Session




Photo Session
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master is confused as submissive tells her secret.
PHOTO SESSION

They met for dinner. They had played before this time, but only once.  She had
baked chicken, a baked potato, and a salad, ice tea to drink.  He had steak,
baked potato, a salad, and also ice tea to drink.

When finished with dinner she followed him in her car to the motel he had
picked. He registered for the room while she waited outside for him.  He came
out and they drove around to the room.  She wasn't surprised to find that there
was no one registered on either side of them yet as it was still early.

He unlocked the door and they went in.  She hadn't turned around when she heard
him lock the door with a click.  Nervously she fiddled with the buttons on her
light jacket.  "Master, do You want all these clothes removed?"

"Yes, I want you totally nude, fold your clothes and put them on the dresser or
in the drawers." Master said.

"Then lay back on the bed.  Legs spread open." In a Masterful voice, " I want to
see you masturbate for Me."

She started to massage her clit, she was glistening with  juices.  shortly she
started to moan.  He handed her the dildo.  "Use this also."  He got his camera.
"I want to get some pictures of this."

As she ran the dildo in and out, the moans increased in volume. Soon Master laid
down his camera and took the dildo from her. He ran it in and out faster and
faster until she start to beg to cum.  "Not yet pet." He took his other hand and
with one finger began to push down on her clit. She started to ejaculate, he
dropped the dildo and took his finger off her clit, picked up the camera again
and took more pictures of her ejaculating.  All to soon for him she stopped,
shuddered and groaned.  "Master?"

"You did fine my pet, just fine." He put the lens cover back on the camera.  He
loved to take pictures.  Wiping his camera and lenses he packed them away. He
always took care of then first, careful to keep them clean and neatly stored,
Taking off his shirt, he laid beside his sweet submissive. He hugged her tightly
and kissed her deeply.  His tongue probed her mouth for hers.  Finding it he
expertly took away her shyness soothing any fears that she might have had.

Carefully he slid his hand along her thigh, slowly parting her legs. Touching
her pussy he started making circles on her clit. He watched and soon her pussy
began to glisten with her wetness again.

He brought his body from along side her to be atop of hers.  Kissing her deeply
he slowly nudged her legs apart with his knee.  That done he positioned his hard
cock in line with her wet juicy pussy.   Using one hand while supporting himself
with the other he guided his cock into her awaiting pussy.  He felt something
was different, Oh, My God, he thought, she's a virgin! No, he thought, she is
just very tight.  "Honey how long has it been since you have had sex?"

She started to cry.  "Now what is wrong honey?"  She said in a quivering voice,
"My husband and I don't have sex anymore.  He is more interested in his online
submissive than he is me!"  "Honey, I will take care of you all that I can."
With that, he slowly started to get his rhythm.

Faster and faster he pumped. Harder and harder he thrust.  Soon she was moaning
and clutching his massive shoulders. She screamed out, "Oh My God Master"
Shuddering she let loose her climax. It overpowered her. She shook violently and
cried. Comforting her Master said,  "It will be okay honey."  While he stroked
her long brown hair, to himself, he thought she is much to young to have this
happening now.

She soon softly cried herself to sleep. As she lay there asleep he got up and
got dressed. He sat on the edge of the chair, his hands together in a point, as
if in prayer.

This was one problem that he could not solve.  All he could do was to be there
when she need someone to talk to.  And he was.  Thank you my Master JIM.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





