BDSM Library - Aficionado




Aficionado
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He was his role model.  He was the paradigm he molded himself to. Everything He had become, he wished he could succeed at becoming half the man He was.  He was God in his eyes. He could do no wrong.  He was his idol.  And he was His aficionado.
Aficionado
Disclaimer:  To the best of my knowledge this never happened.
Rating: NC-17
Subject: MM
Consent Level: Non Con
Summary: He was his role model.  He was the paradigm he molded himself to.
Everything He had become, he wished he could succeed at becoming half the man He
was.  He was God in his eyes. He could do no wrong.  He was his idol.  And he
was His aficionado.
Author's Notes:  Inspired by an article I read last year.
Other Affiliates:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/NSAngst
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Ndecent_Pleasures
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Little_Boy_Blue
http://www.friendsnlovers.cjb.net



Aficionado
by: Aphrodite 2001

For as long as he could remember, He was his idol.  And he was His aficionado. 
He was his role model.  He was the paradigm he molded himself to. Everything He
had become, he wished he could succeed at becoming half the man He was.  He was
God in his eyes. He could do no wrong.  He was his idol.  And he was His
aficionado.

There was no denial that 'Nsync was successful.  With their record-breaking 'No
Strings Attached' and numerous of music awards came opportunities they had only
dreamed of.  Chris launched his clothing line, FunManSkeeto.  Joey steadily
gained more roles in Hollywood.  Lance refined his management skills with
FreeLance.  JC unleashed his creativity on other people's records.  And now
Justin received a phone call from his idol.

Michael Jackson of all people had called him to invite him to Neverland Ranch. 
Michael had expressed interest in helping Justin on his solo album.   There were
countless others who wished to lend a helping hand to Justin, but no one caught
his attention like Michael had.   After all, he had been idolizing him since he
was a mere toddler.  Michael Jackson was his idol.

The man was God in Justin's eyes.  He reminisced the times as a child when he
would dance around in the living quarter of his parent's home dressed up like
Michael Jackson.  For talent shows, he would moon walk to the tunes set forth by
Michael.  As a child his mom would take him to numerous concerts, but Michael's
one was the most memorable for the boy.  He was his everything Justin had wanted
to be.   He was his idol. 

"Wow! You're really going to see Michael Jackson tomorrow."  JC said as he
watched Justin intensely shoving his belongings into the small luggage. 

"I know!" Justin said with a brilliant smile that appeared to stretch for
thousands of miles.  "I still can't believe he called.  I mean he's been my idol
every since I was little."

"I know, Just. I'm happy for you."  

"I mean, Janet Jackson's cool, but not like Michael.  You know?"

"Yes. I know.  I've known you for nine years now.  Michael Jackson is God." JC
said, annoyance crept in his voice.  "Ever since Michael Jackson called you
yesterday, you can't stop talking about him."  

"Josh, what's wrong with you?"  Justin asked, irritably.  "I don't complain
after you come home talking about Richard Marx for an entire week, do I?"

"I'm sorry." JC quickly apologized, bouncing off the bed.  "I know how much this
means to you and I wish you the very best, Justin."

JC said, reaching for his younger best friend to envelop him in a hug when
Justin backed away quickly. 

"No time for a hug." Justin said, dragging the luggage out of his room. 
"Britney's waiting downstairs for me."

"Why, Justin?" JC followed pursuit outside into the hallway.  "Why are you
taking Britney with you?" 

"Because Josh, she's my girlfriend.  Besides, it's not like you adore Michael
Jackson." Justin explained.  "You're a Sting fan, remember?  If not, I suggest
you reread your biography. I heard Barnes & Noble is having a sale on your
biography." 

"Funny, Justin.  Now get your ass out of here." JC commented as they approached
the last step.  "Hey, Brit.  Keep an eye on Justin for me." 

"No hellos or anything?" Britney mocked, leaning past Justin to hug her one-time
co-star on the Mickey Mouse Club.

"I said 'hey', didn't I?"  JC joined her in the laughter.  "You two have fun at
Never Never Ranch."  

"Bye, JC." Britney said, making her way toward the door.  "C'mon, Justin."

"Alright, Brit!" Justin hollered over his shoulders.  "Bye, Josh." He said,
pulling his best friend into a hug.  "Be happy for me, okay?" 

"Good-bye, Justin.  Take care of yourself, kid." JC held onto Justin for an
infinite amount of time.  He just couldn't let go.  "And if Michael refused to
work with you, you can screw him and come back here.  I know this great
singer/writer/producer who would give anything to work with you."

"Really?  And who might he be?"  Justin teased.

"You know who he is, blondie."

"I know."  Justin broke free from JC's suffocating embrace.  "Thanks, Josh."

 

The ride to the airport was like any ordinary ride before that.  Britney sat in
her seat with her sunglasses over her eyes, to disguise herself from any
annoying fans more than to protect her brown eyes from the sun, as Justin buried
his head in her chest.  Together, they remained entangled in one another. 
Justin slipping into slumber by the beating of her heart as she twirled his hair
around her fingers.   Contrary to popular belief, their relationship did not
rest solely on sex.  It was more about trust and the simple thing of security. 
They trusted themselves to each other. They felt safe in each other's arms.  It
was as simple as that.   

At their arrival, Michael's employees waited to greet the young lovebirds and
ushered them inside the Ranch away from the scrutinizing eyes of the media. 
Justin felt a bit uneasy with so many press cameras blinding him all directions. 
Both he and Britney had experienced a great deal from the media, but never to
this degree here at Neverland Ranch.  The two songsters were led inside the
magnificent mansion in the middle of the luscious green terrain.  They were
treated to a brief tour conducted by Charles, the head butler, around on the
first floor and were led up the stairs to the second floor where the guest rooms
were found.  As they climbed the stairs, Justin couldn't refrain himself from
leaning over the railings to catch a glimpse of the distant ground floor.  The
place was colossal, reminiscent of prestigious hotels Justin had stayed in while
on tour with 'Nsync.   

"Here's your room, Mr. Timberlake." Charles handed Justin the key to his room.
He moved out of the way for Justin to walk past him and enter his room. 

Amazing.  The room was amazing, beautifully decorated in a mixture of royal navy
and sky blue.  The only peculiar thing that caught his eye was that there was
only one large pillow with two smaller pillows.  The bed, although of king size,
appeared to be prepared for one occupant as evident in the single cherry oak
desk in the corner of the room.  

"Um...my girlfriend is here with me, too." Justin managed to stutter, wishing
not to sound rude.

"You're concerned that the room is a single." The butler confirmed with the
young singer.  "That's because Master Jackson didn't expect anyone else to come
with you.  While I was giving you the tour of the mansion, we have arranged a
room for Miss Spears." The butler informed. 

"Okay."

"Why can't I just stay here?" Britney pushed Charles aside to plop down on
Justin's bed.  "The bed is big enough for two."  

"But there is only one set of toilettes." Charles explained as another colleague
joined him at the doorway.  "You can come with Stuart here to your own room,
Miss Spears."

"But." Her weak argument was unheeded as Stuart entered the room and practically
dragged her away.   

Justin followed her, but his path was intercepted by Charles. 

"Stay here, Mr. Timberlake.  I'll bring some maids to help you undress." 

"Undress?" Justin asked with a bewildering look.

"Yes.  Undress.  So you can shower." Charles elaborated. 

"I don't need to take a shower." Justin argued.

Charles circled around the boy, leaning closer to him to sniff his musky scent.   

"Trust me.  After that flight, you will need to shower."

"Okay." Justin finally submitted.  "Is Michael here?"  

"Michael?"

"Yes, Michael Jackson.  Is he here?"  

"Master Jackson is not here at the moment but rest assure he'll soon join you."
Charles clarified.  "In the meantime, shower yourself fresh.  I'll send in Jack
and Jared to fetch you when you're done."

"Fetch me?"  

"Sure, bring you downstairs so we can continue the tour of the Ranch."

"Oh. Thanks." Justin thanked the elder gentleman politely.  

The door slammed shut and he was left with his thoughts.  He thought about how
excited he was about meeting Michael Jackson.  He had waited forever it seemed
for this chance.  Now, he had the opportunity of a lifetime to meet his idol. He
only wished that he could share his happiness with his girlfriend.  Justin
sighed deeply heading off into the bathroom.  Why was he making such a big deal
out of this?  She was only going to stay in the room at the end of the hall. 
They would still get to see each other.  They just couldn't sleep in the same
bed. Oh well.  House rules were house rules.  And Justin had to respect
Michael's rules.  Once inside the bathroom, he began to peel off his clothes,
piece by piece.  Charles was right.  He needed to take a shower. He smelled
awful with his sweats sticking to his skin, almost rendering him unable to
breath through his pores. He quickly discarded all of his clothes and hopped
into the shower. 

Freshly showered, he stepped out of the bathroom wearing little other than a
small terri cloth towel wrapped around his waist.  Charles was true to his
words.  Waiting outside his door were Jack and Jared with their hands behind
their back.  They each stepped sideways for Justin to walk between them. 

"Where's my girlfriend?" Justin inquired.   

"Everyone's downstairs waiting for you, sir." Jack replied, dodging the question
completely.

Exasperated, he threw up his hands in defeat.  He stalked past the housekeeping
maids polishing the painted portraits along the walls.  He acknowledged each
woman as he passed and they smiled back to him graciously.  As he arrived at the
foot of the stairs, he caught a glimpse of Britney with her sunflower hat and he
leaped toward her, taking his girlfriend in his arms to kiss her passionately on
her lips. 

"God, I miss you." He confessed.

"We were only separated for half an hour." Britney smiled back.  

The two lovebirds were joined by more of Michael's servants. They began their
tour of the Ranch just as the sun rays were at their brightest.  They toured
every room in the colossal mansion on all three floors.  Indeed, the mansion
resembled a fancy hotel with a fountain of an angel in the middle of the first
floor.  Scattered about the first tiled floor were sculptures of David in the
nude.  Michael had a keen taste of art.  He knew what was tasteless and what was
the epitome of the finest art.  Every floor had something unique to offer, even
the second floor where Michael's many famous guests would stay.  The third floor
was adorned with more expensive art paintings lining the walls.  There were
considerably less rooms on the third floor, but no less exquisite.  Every room
housed something special to Michael whether it be a room full of Gold records or
a room where he had stored his many stage costumes.  Justin, having been blessed
with this tour, was already feeling as if he knew his idol even more.

"What's in that room?" Britney asked as they round the corner. 

"Nothing." Jack quickly answered, pulling the door shut.

"The room hasn't been in service for years." Jared added.  

"Oh.  Then why are there guys going into the room if there's nothing."  Britney
challenged the guides, jumping in front of the door, mocking an attempt at
disclosing the contents behind the door when she spun around and hopped her way
to join Justin down the hallway.

Their tour had ended just as the moon began to ascend over the starry night.  It
had been a long and exhausting day.  There was so much land to cover.  So much
things to see.  And so many people to meet.  But what a great experience it was.
Justin would never trade this day for anything.     

He fell backward on his bed with a smile he couldn't wash away.  He giggled at
his reflection off the mirror on the ceiling.  Silly him. He was acting like a
teenybopper. He was acting like all his adoring fans when they would meet him.  
He leaned over to the side of the bed and reached for the phone to make a phone
call to his mom, but unfortunately she was not there.  But Britney was.

"Hey, sexy." She whispered, seductively, leaning against the doorframe in only a
lacey teddy.   

"Britney," Justin was ecstatic to see his girlfriend.  "What are you doing
here?" He whispered, sucking her neck sensuously.  "What if they catch us and
send us packing before I get a chance to meet Michael?"

"Screw Michael.  I'm staying here." Britney replied, grabbing his ass.   

They engaged in yet another passionate kiss and stumbled their way to Justin's
bed where they would remain for the night, wrapped in each other's arms, in the
safety of each other's presence.

The sun was peering through the curtains, striking against Justin's fair skin,
illuminating his iridescent curls.  He stretched his body and realized that it
was already seven in the morning.  He rolled out of bed, taking the sheets that
tangled around his body, revealing his sleeping girlfriend still in bed.   

"Britney! Britney! Get up!" Justin shrieked out of the top of his lungs.

Britney tossed a pillow at him, threatening to leave him if he didn't let her
sleep some more. 

"Justin.  It's only seven, babe.  Since when were you a morning person?" she
mumbled in her sleep.

"Britney!" He yelled out loud, interrupting her sleep.  "We're meeting Michael
Jackson today!" 

Britney sat up and uncovered the sheets from her body.  She dragged herself out
of bed and walked toward her boyfriend, planting a morning kiss on his lips. 

"In that case, I'll get ready right now." She said, sarcastically, as she moved
toward the bathroom. 

"Where are you going?" Justin asked abruptly.

"To the bathroom, why?" 

"That's my bathroom.  You're going to have to go back to your room.  I need to
get ready for Michael Jackson." He explained.

"Fine.  Go take your stupid shower." She mumbled angrily.  "If I haven't known
any better, I'd think you're in love with Michael Jackson."  

"What is that supposed to mean?!" Justin asked, a bit aggravating by his
girlfriend's ridiculous allegations.

"You know what I mean." She shot back and marched out of his room before he
could utter his apology. 

Justin was sorry he snapped earlier at his girlfriend.  It was wrong of him to
lash out on her.  It wasn't the first time someone had joked about his
sexuality.  He should get used it by now having shared a house with JC, his best
friend.  It didn't really bother him, but he hated being doubted by his own
girlfriend.  He just wished Britney would understand why he was so ecstatic
about meeting Michael Jackson. It was the same for her when she met Madonna. 
There was no difference. 

They met Jack and Jared downstairs and were quickly ushered to the main dining
hall near the courtyard for breakfast. Alas, Justin was finally going to meet
his idol.  There stood not further than five yards was Michael Jackson, his idol
he had dreamed of meeting since a young boy.  Michael was much shorter in person
as well as much thinner. His face was very slender, almost ghost like with his
grayish white hue.  But his crimsom lips added much needed color to his phantom
appearance. 

"Good morning, Justin." Michael said, softly. His voice so delicate. 

"Good morning, Michael." Justin returned. He could barely contain the excitement
in his voice.  "It's so great to finally meet you.  Wouldn't you think, Brit?" 

Justin turned around to find his girlfriend already sitting at the breakfast
table, scoffing down food. He quickly turned to Michael to give his apology,
which Michael graciously accepted.  There was little business talk at the table. 
Michael wanted nothing more than get to know Justin because as Michael stated he
wanted to know each and every fan.  And since he would be working with Justin on
his solo album, it would be best if they were at the very least friends.  Justin
quickly agreed, praising Michael for his way of thinking.  He, too,wished he
could become closer to his fans, but there was no way he could do that without
being torn apart alive.  

After breakfast, the two went on a separate tour around the Ranch.  Britney was
invited to join, but she refused to spend another moment out in the sun. 
Instead, she opted to sun bathed on the second floor balcony of her room. 
Michael and Justin spent the entire day trekking the terrain of the Ranch,
occasionally stopping to feed the horses and the other prairie animals.  They
spent the entire day getting to know each other.  Michael wanted to know
everything about Justin and he didn't just want to know about his time with
'Nsync, he inquired about his childhood. And Justin was more than delighted to
offer Michael his entire life story from birth to now sitting across the table
from the Michael Jackson, enjoying a cup of coffee even though Justin was not
much of a coffee drinker.

 

News of Justin's stay at Neverland Ranch leaked out into the press.  One
reporter wrote her article entitled, "Jackson Eager to Work With Justin: Michael
Jackson is dying to do something with *NSYNC heartthrob Justin Timberlake.
Jackson invited Timberlake up to Neverland to talk music. Justin brought his
lady, Britney Spears, along for the thrill of it all. Michael, who was all
business, reportedly said to an aide, "why'd he have to bring her?" There was
some excited talk about Michael having a hand in a solo CD effort from Justin." 

Britney, herself, was quite aware of Michael's detest of her presence.  And it
was soon thereafter that she had enough with being the second priority on
Justin's lists.  She left early on the fourth day, leaving only a single note
behind.  A simple "bye" was all she left for Justin.  Justin read the note and
was overwhelmed with sadness.  He had never intended on hurting her.  And now
she was gone.

Devastated by her sudden departure, Justin remained in bed for the day until
Michael entered to his room, apparently concerned over his young guest.  Michael
sat on the vacant side of Justin's bed, patting him on the side over the
comforter.   

"I'm sorry she's gone." Michael expressed his deepest regrets.  "I should have
included her more in our activities."

Justin gave no response to Michael's generosity. He remained bed-ridden, never
flinching even when Michael ran his hands across the side of his face.   

"Now, don't worry, my child.  If she doesn't love you, there will be others."
Michael assured the heartbroken boy. 

Exasperated by Justin's lack of response, Michael leaned over to pull the covers
over Justin's body.  He sighed deeply as he got up to make his way toward the
door when Justin surprised him from beneath the covers. 

"What is it, my child?" Michael asked, delicately brushing his fingers through
Justin's silky curls.

"Thank you."

Business talk had finally begun after nearly a week since Justin's arrival.
Michael had promised Justin he would help him gain some important contacts with
major movers and shakers in the music business.  According to Michael's
speculation, Justin had what it takes to become a star. If he dealt his cards
wisely, he would not have to return to 'Nsync.  He could easily become a
successful solo artist like Michael. And as a bonus incentive, Michael said that
he would even get his sister, Janet, to sing a duet with Justin. 

Justin was all smiles by the end of their first business meeting.   A duet with
Janet Jackson.  Meeting Michael Jackson.  This was too good to be true, Justin
thought.  He, of all people, forming bonds with the most powerful figures in the
music world.  He, Justin Timberlake, the boy critics dismissed as nothing more
than a pretty face, crediting JC Chasez with the talent behind 'Nsync's powerful
sound.  He, Justin Timberlake, the boy Lou Pearlman had taken to his office one
day when he was only 14 and told him that the only thing he was good for was to
make the girls swoon, make the women weak, and make the men horny for he had the
face of an angel and the body of a sex god.  This was surreal.  Once he returned
to his room, he rushed inside his bathroom. He slapped some water over his face
to confirm himself he was not dreaming and in fact everything that had been
happening in his life was real.  His life was real. His dream was a reality.   

He had to call someone.  Anyone. Mom was still out in a meeting with some record
producers in Europe.  Britney refused to talk to him.  So he called the one
person he could depend on, JC Chasez.

"Hello." JC said, sleepily.   

Justin laughed out loud as he returned the greeting.  It was only nine o'clock
and yet JC was already asleep. 

"Hey, Josh. I have great news to tell you." Justin said enthusiastically. 

"What earth shattering news do you have to tell me that can not wait until
tomorrow?" JC said, sarcastically.

"I met him."  

"You met Michael Jackson!" JC suddenly was energized.  "So?"

"And he said that he wanted to work with me." Justin quickly said.  "He told me
he'll take me to meet with all these big shots in Europe and that he'll get
Janet to do a duet with me. Janet Jackson, Josh! Janet Jackson!"  

"Whoa! Calm down, Just. You're starting to scare me. You're starting to sound
like our fans.  Now, take a deep breath.  So, when are you going to start all of
this?"

"As soon as possible, Josh." Justin answered.  "We're supposed to leave in two
days."  

"Wow! Justin. I don't know what to say.  Congratulations, dude." JC was more
than thrilled for his best friend.

"Thanks.  Yeah.  And Michael said that I have the potential to make it on my
own.  He said that I can become successful like him.  And that I won't have to
depend on selling albums by posing for those cheesy teenybopper magazine.  And-" 

"Justin." JC interrupted his best friend with nothing to say.  He was happy for
his best friend.  There was no denial in that.  However...  "Have he ever heard
you sing before?"

"Sure he has."  

"How?" JC repeated his question.  "I mean has he ever heard you sing before?"

"What is that supposed to mean, JC?" JC shuddered at the mentioning of his name
from Justin's lips.  He knew he had trekked on dangerous grounds and was now
remorseful.   

"I didn't mean it that."

"Of course, you meant it that way." Justin was trembling as he held onto the
phone. "Tell me the honest truth.  You don't think I'm talented, do you?"  

"Justin, please."

"You think you're the one carrying the group all these years.  You think you're
the only talented one in the group.  You think I'm just another fuckin' pretty
face in a fuckin' boyband and that I can not be anything more." 

"Justin, I didn't say that." JC wished he wasn't talking into a phone. He wished
he was there with Justin to hold him and to reassure him that he was more than
that- more than what people think of him.  "You are talented. Justin, you're the
brightest person I know. You're the most beautiful person I ever lay my eyes on.
But if you ask for my honest opinion, I don't think you can carry on a tune by
yourself. It's not to say that you're not talented.  It's just that-"

"Good bye, Josh."

Fuck JC.  Fuck the world.  He was talented. He could do it. He could do it.  He
didn't need anyone.  He was going to prove them all wrong. He was going to go to
Europe with Michael Jackson. He was going to record a few songs with Michael
Jackson.  And he was going to sing a duet with Janet Jackson. And when he
established his ties with all the powerful figures in music, he was going to
come home and record some more songs.  And then he would release his album and
he would be damned if he didn't sell more than the Backstreet Boys did on the
first week.  He was going to prove them all wrong. He was going to succeed at
what they all thought he was going to fail. Fuck JC. Fuck the world. 

Justin stepped out of his room in search of Michael. He flagged down the
servants who were on their way to the third floor with buckets of soapy water in
their hands. 

"Where's Michael?" Justin asked, politely.

"No se." The woman answered. 

"Donde Michael Jackson?" Justin asked, again, this time in his limited Spanish.

"Oh.  El piso tercero." Another woman replied, holding up three fingers in the
air.  

"Gracias." Justin thanked the two women.

He made a mad dash down the hall and up the flight of stairs to the third floor. 
He searched hastily for Michael, who appeared to be nowhere.  Since there were
not as many rooms on the third floor, Justin figured he might as well look for
Michael in every room. It shouldn't take him no more than an hour to find
Michael on the third floor. He had poked his head in at least ten rooms before
stopping at the room at the end of the hallway. Like the other doors, he
carefully turned the knob and peeked inside as to not disturb Michael if he was
working on something important. 

"Michael, I got an idea.  How about we..." His voice trailed off. 

Michael Jackson, the man he looked up to as a role model since he was a small
boy was indeed inside the room.  He was lying on a leather couch in the room. 
His hand in his pants.  He was masturbating.  He was masturbating as two men
were fucking each other on the floor.  Pictures of young boys adorned the dim
lit room, including his very own series. He could see his face staring back at
him.  Sad faces crying for him for these pictures were supposed to cease to
exist and yet there were lining Michael Jackson's walls.  So this was the room
that was out of service for years as he recalled Britney inquiring about the
room during one of their tours.  He couldn't believe his eyes.  The allegations
were true.  His idol was involved in indecent activities.  Indecent sexual
activities. Justin recalled the times he had gotten into fights defending his
idol when the allegations of Michael Jackson molesting a boy around his age hit
the limelight. He remembered crying to his mother, not understanding why the
kids at school were so mean as to make up such ludicrous stories. Now they were
right.  And he was wrong.

"I'm sorry." Justin quickly apologized, covering his eyes, as he turned around
for the door.   

"Justin.  Don't go." He heard Michael called out for him.

And before he could object, Michael had brushed by his side to close the door.
He locked the door behind him and grabbed Justin's hand, pulling him further
into the room, despite Justin's weak resistance.     

"Sshh...it's okay." Michael placed his thin fingertips over Justin's quivering
lips.  "I won't hurt you."

Justin's head nodded slowly as tears ran down his face. Michael encircled around
the frightened boy, taking the beautiful Adonis in his arms.   

"You told me everything about you." Michael delicately brushed away Justin's
tears.  "Now, it's my turn."

Michael released Justin into the waiting arms of his male friends.  The two
larger men held onto Justin, each taking the boy's arms.  Justin tried to
struggle, but his effort was futile as the men tightened their strong grip on
Justin's arms.  Michael smiled his wide grin at the boy.  He inched forward,
running his fingertips along the length of Justin's body.   

"I've been at awe with you for awhile." Michael said, slowly unbuttoning
Justin's shirt.  Once unbuttoned, he tugged the shirt out of his jeans.  He
brushed away the shirt from Justin's chest, sliding his icy cold hands over
Justin's chest. His fingers defined every curvature of Justin's chest, paying
close attention to his nipples, pinching them.   "My God! You're so beautiful. 
You were just as beautiful when I first saw you in Europe five years ago and
you're still just as beautiful." Michael continued to peel away clothing after
clothing.  He reached forward for the belt that held Justin's jeans on his hips.
He removed the belt and tossed it aside carelessly.  Just as he did with his
shirt, Michael unbuttoned his jeans. Tears flowed freely as the sound of the
zipper echoed through out the dim lit room.  Justin gazed down through his
tear-filled eyes. His visions blurred by his tears.  Before him in a kneeling
position was his idol and he had just successfully removed his jeans and was now
working on his boxer-briefs.  Michael's ever icy cold hands slid between his
legs, running up and down his inner thigh, sensuously stroking his erected
penis.  "So beautiful." Michael kept repeating.  "So beautiful.  Justin, forget
singing. You can die with all the money in the world if you let..."

"Stop it." Justin cried out loud.  "Stop it, please."    

Michael was not rough at all.  In fact, one could say he was delicate with the
sensitive organ he held in the palm of his hands.  Still, Justin continued to
cry in anguish. 

"Sshh..." Michael comforted the boy.  "I'm not going to hurt you.  Trust me."

Justin shook his head. His ability to rationalize was slipping away from him.
All he could think of was the awful feeling of being violated by the person he
had idolized since he was a young boy.  The person he had gotten into fights
defending in school. The person he had molded himself after. The person he only
wished to be half the man.  Michael Jackson, his idol. 

"I'm not going to hurt you." Michael repeated, stepping away from Justin to
return to his seat on the couch.  At least, he kept his words, Justin thought. 
A minute sense of hope crept into him, but all hope soon diminished.  "Kyle, you
go first.  Then you go, Brian." What? Justin screamed in pain as Kyle roughly
rammed his hard dick inside Justin.

One thing about Michael- he never was the type to actually engage in sexual
intercourse.   He would rather pleasure himself while watching the object of his
desires pillaged before his eyes.  

They lay Justin on the cold coffee table by the couch where Michael could have a
courtside view of his violation.  As he lay on the cold table, being viciously
violated time and time again, his eyes fixated on the man he had idolized for so
long.     

For as long as he could remember, Michael Jackson was his idol.  And he was
Michael's aficionado.  Michael Jackson was his role model.  Michael Jackson was
the paradigm he molded himself to. Everything Michael Jackson had become, he
wished he could succeed at becoming half the man Michael was.  Michael Jackson
was God in his eyes. Michael Jackson could do no wrong.  Michael Jackson was his
idol.  And he was Michael's aficionado.  Not anymore.


***Sorry if this offended anyone and make sure to look for Justin Timberlake's
solo album due out at the end of the year.  ~Aphrodite:-)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aphrodite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





