BDSM Library - Breakfast




Breakfast
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her first morning with Master brings more than just just eggs and coffee.
Breakfast

 Eyelids flutter, the soft rustle of the wind in the trees outside the bedroom
window; she turns to Him, watching as He sleeps. Amazed at the way this man can
bring chills to her spine after such a short time. Grateful to be here with Him,
her Master; after all those months submitting to Him online; she is finally
where she was made to be.

 Their relationship started as most cyber ones do, flirting in the main room, a
few private sessions; neither realizing it would ever come to this until they
stood in front of one another at the airport.  He had sent for her, she is still
in awe; for she had not even a second thought when the airline tickets arrived. 
She belonged to Him online, heart and soul and soon, body.  She was still a bit
confused as to why they had not yet had a session, chalking it up to nervousness
on

both their parts; or maybe it was just not time yet. She's only been here less
than 24 hours after all.

  Her hazel eyes roam over Him, the soft black sheets tangled within His
muscular legs, His cock resting against His upper thigh.  Her eyes glance to His
face, so peaceful, breathing steadily; temptation overwhelms her as she crawls
down the bed, pressing her cheeks against His thigh.  He stirs slightly, she
waits it out; content He is back to His slumber she advances. 

  Tongue so soft and wet, resting flat against His head, licking tenderly, a
small grin on her lips as it twitches.

Her full pouty lips quiver, unable to stand the closeness.  Her mouth moves over
Him, sucking gently, drawing Him in.  She moves with careful procession, not
wanting to rouse Him too quickly, tongue snaking over each vein, marking a path. 
Her greed consumes her, before she

knows it she has Him fully in her mouth, gliding her hungry mouth over Him,
increasing the suction.  She loses herself in her rhythm as He hardens fully
within the confines of her lips. Abruptly hands wrap in her hair, pulling her
from His cock.

 She looks up to Him startled, His blue eyes narrowed,  His voice resounding
"Did I give you permission to suck my cock, you greedy little bitch?"

 Her voice trembles, eyes lowering quickly as she remembers her place, "N-no
Sir, I just thought..."

"You thought...YOU thought, well we will just have to see what else YOU will be
thinking when I'm done with you whore".

 He drags her from the bed by her hair, her pleading falling onto deaf ears,
bringing her into the kitchen. The contents of the table crash onto the floor
with just one brush of His free hand; pushing her, face first, onto it.  He
cannot believe she would just take it upon herself to know what He wants after
all He has done.

 "Hungry are you slut?  I will give you something to satisfy your craving", he
chuckles.

 She dare not make a sound, her breasts aching atop the cold hard surface of the
table, trembling both with fear and anticipation. He moves in front of her and
grabs her arms; quickly tying them to the table legs, pulling her up so her head
hangs from the edge. Moving from her view; her legs instantly fettered as well.

  Drawers open and close, she can sense His eyes burning into her flesh, her
bare cheeks clench. 

 "Now then, If you were to be hungry in the morning, this would be the room for
you my pet" 

 She tenses at the wickedness in His voice, even more as a  flat object caresses
her ass.  She pulls against the ties a bit too late, WHACKKKKKK, her ass
rippling from the force as she cries out.

 "There are certain instruments used in breakfast my dear, this spatula being
one of them", He sneers. WHACKKKKKK......WHACKKKKKK......WHACKKKKKK......

She squeals as it marks her cheeks over and over again, finding her voice she
responds weakly "Y-yess Sir"

 The wooden spatula rubbing harshly over her crimson flesh as he continues,
"Many things in this kitchen can be useful in helping you control your hunger
little one", he places the spatula onto the table aside her. He grins to Himself
as He picks up the next object.

 She squirms, noting the silence, at once gasping as she feels something cold
against her bare sex.

 "Maybe I should've explained your place before I sent you off to sleep, so I
will go easy on you my dear; I wish to be awaked with coffee black one sugar,
eggs scrambled, and my paper, isn't

that what you have always told me that you have enjoyed each morning my pet?"
His voice lingering.

"Yes M-Master", she whimpers, cursing herself; of course they had marveled at
how similar their tastes were, how could she have forgotten?

"You will never ASSUME again, that MY cock is there for YOUR pleasure, for You
are here for mine; is that clear?" he snickers as he presses the cold object
harder against her pussy watching it spread her glistening lips.

 She shudders visibly, feeling the odd sensation of the object moving into her
opening, "Yes Sir, my sincere apologies, please forgive me."

"You are forgiven littleone", he sneers as he rams the object into her cunt
without warning.

 She is rocked forward, her legs pulling the restraints to the limit, the object
springing open inside of her, wires against her soft walls.  She squeals at the
realization of what it is.

 He moves the small whisk within her carefully, not wanting to damage this
pretty little pussy of hers, twisting ever so gently, feeling it conforming to
her inner curves.  Grinning as He sees her accepting her fate, her ass rising
with each tender push.  Enough.  He holds the wires with one hand and removes it
from her quivering hole. He shakes His head as He examines it, her wetness
shining over its surface.

 She bites down on her lower lip, surprised at her moan as He removes it she
lets her head drop.  Waiting for the unknown.  His tongue glides over the whisk,
inwardly growling at her taste, moving in front of His slut. His hands drift
roughly across her back, her skin rippling back as He moves higher; grabbing her
hair once again, He pulls back meeting her eyes. "Now then, are you prepared for
breakfast little one hmmm?"

 She falters, her voice cracking again "Yy-es S-sir, please allow me to serve
You", dropping her head back down as He releases His grip.  She trembles as He
unties her from the table, holding still as she waits for her orders.

  He lifts her chin and whispers "Open", placing the small implement in her
mouth.  "Here is your breakfast my dear", snickering as her lips wrap around it.  
He watches her proudly, knowing the past 24 hours of real life submission have
been a strange transition from cyber; she

has made Him proud, but , even so, she must be kept in place.

 "Turn over my love, onto your back"

 She nods quickly, flipping onto her back, raising her arms above her head, "Yes
Master".

 He moves over to the coffee pot, suddenly thankful for modern technology as the
steaming pot sits waiting. "Good thing I had set the coffee maker before we
retired for the evening eh ..", pouring Himself a cup and leaning against the
counter, watching this vision on His kitchen table.

 Her pulse races, knowing Him all too well.  This can't be it can it?  Listening
to His footsteps as He walks across the  house to the front door, it opens and
closes swiftly, He returns.

 He stops before the table and sets His coffee mug on the edge, holding the
newspaper in His hand. "You know little one, Since it was partially my fault I
will not punish you throughout the day, But, if you recall; we had spoken about
our meeting in real; it was to be Dom/submissive

from the start, so I cannot let your greed slide by", His voice remaining calm
as he rolls the newspaper tightly.

 She stares up at the ceiling, her voice a bit stronger as she speaks "Yes
Master, I recall Sir"; she lowers her eyes just in time to see the blur of His
hand,  WHACKKKKKK, the newspaper strikes her pussy...the pain shoots through her
barely giving her time to scream before...... WHACKKKKKK WHACKKKKKK.  Tears
streaming down her cheeks, writhing on the table as her swollen lips burn.

 He picks up His coffee and sips slowly, crinkling His nose as He watches  His
beautiful sub squirm. His eyes fall to her cunt, HIS cunt, trying to resist the
urge to touch it; marveling at the crimson color, the wetness evident even
through her pain.

 She cries softly, feeling the heat rising from between her thighs, her lips
moist, clit pulsating even now. She has always been greedy, always wanting more,
more release, more of His pain, more of  Him.; "thank You Master" she manages
through her tears.

 He melts from the sound of her delicate voice.  Knowing she has come far in a
true submissive style; wanting to please Him at all times.  He sips His coffee
again and makes a face, "You are doing well my pet".

 She nods quickly, "thank You Master"; her whiteknuckled grip on the table edge
loosens as she settles into the stinging pain of her pussy. Embracing His
lesson.

 He chortles to Himself as He pulls the chair away from the table and sits
staring at her quivering cunt.  He lifts the mug to His lips again, lost in the
beauty of that which belongs to Him; in a

suddenness that surprises even Him, He moves the mug away and dumps the
remainder of the coffee over her pussy.

 She jumps as the luke warm liquid flows down her pussy, arching as His mouth
locks onto her and begins licking.  His tongue swirling crudely over her with no
real direction.  She claws for the table again.

 He silently curses Himself for not being able to resist as He dines on His
submissive, the odd mixture of the coffee and her distinct taste causing a low
growl to emit from His throat.  His fingers dig roughly into her hips as He
drags her to tables edge; savagely eating her sweet cunt.

 Her body's motions take over, rocking against her Master as He send waves of
pleasure throughout.  Her clit swollen beyond belief, mashed against His nose as
His tongue licks her inner walls.  She knows she can not last for long, fighting
back the urge.

 His tongue pulls from her, moving lower, swirling around her tiny dark hole;
the taste causing His cock to spring against Him.  His nails bear down into her
flesh, her scream only urging Him on. His thumb replaces His tongue, thrusting
past her ring swiftly, ignoring the resistance.  Her ass clenching with a
vise-like grip.

  Primal screams rising from deep within her soul, consuming her entire being as
He rips into her ass, His tongue savagely lashing across her clit. Her head
banging against the table as she bucks against Him.  She trembles, feeling
herself floating.  Pleading to Him with a raspy growl, "P-ppppleassssse
Masterrrrrr, Plllleeeeeeassssse allow me to cum for You"  He pulls away from her
pussy, looking to her face with interest. 

  So many times He has heard this tone of hers over the phone lines; this
primitive grunt.  His lips curl into an evil smile as he

rips His finger from her ass, watching as she arches and sobs.  Pulling her to
the lip of the table with one hand, the other holding His angry cock; spearing
into her asshole deeply in one motion.

  Her eyes fly open, mouth open with a silent scream as the pain overwhelms her
senses. Gasping for ground, haven't having a cock in her ass in years; the
months of training with her dildo still not preparing her for His girth.  Her
hips rock spasmodically as He draws back, only to impale her again.  Just when
she thinks she cannot withhold another moment...

  The tightness, almost painful to Him as He takes her ass as His; wanting to
have taken her yesterday, but holding back for the perfect time to claim His
property.  His grunts matching the long deep thrusts, His fingernails marking
the tender skin of her hips, He glances down at the wounds as beads of blood
rise from them. It is too much. One word, spoken so many times, finally in
person; CUM.

 Her body reacts as it has so many times before, an instant wave from the soles
of her feet rising over every inch, every nerve alive.  Her back arches clear
off of the table, head thrashing wildly.

Her release severe, wrecking her to the very core.  Her juices spraying out of
her cunt as she hears the most beautiful sound breaking through her own screams.

  His eruption unsurpassed, streams of heat shooting into her satin lined ass,
His vicious roar piercing her cries.  With one savage thrust He throws back His
head,  holding still emptying into His slut, marking her as His with the seed of
His soul. Her juices dripping down His pelvis, heightening His amazement.

 She lays panting, unable to stop moving.  Tears streaming down her flushed
face; tears of happiness.  She gathers strength, her voice barely audible "I
love You Master, t-thank You".

 He leans forward, slowly withdrawing from her cumfilled ass, kissing her sweet
lips tenderly.  Pulling back, He brushes a strand of hair from her eyes and
smirks, "Now, about breakfast.."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  syndie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





