BDSM Library - The Plumber's Revenge




The Plumber's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short story where a plumber gets revenge on a rude customer. Content includes bondage and sex. NC but sensitive.
The Plumber's Revenge, by Jessica Verdi

Erotic fiction. Adults only, over 18/21 etc. To any plumbers out there: Don't do
this, it's a crime. I do not condone the actions in this story.

Synopsis
A short story where a plumber gets revenge on a rude customer. Content includes
bondage and sex. Non consensual but not cruel.

The Plumber's Revenge, by Jessica Verdi

"Please hurry up, I have to go out soon!", Rebecca shouted to him from the
bedroom.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah!", the plumber muttered to himself. "We all have homes to go
to, you know. And I'm late for my computer class already thanks to this
demanding bitch! Where the hell is this stupid stop-valve?". With his head
buried deep in one of her kitchen cupboards he assumed and hoped she couldn't
hear him.

Rebecca Rossi, was a successful and ambitious 'regional sales executive' who had
gradually acquired the rewards of her success. Her apartment in a smart block on
the Lower East Side had certainly impressed the plumber who had arrived to fix
the dripping faucet. She was still single, but when someone concentrates on a
career like she has that can often happen. Now she was in her thirties she just
didn't seem to meet the kind of men that met her expectations in life. Her
social life had gone to ruin after her boyfriend dumped her last year. Nowadays
an evening business meeting in a smart restaurant was what she considered to be
'socializing'.

Tonight she was meeting and dining with a male client who had just flown into
town. He was businessman, ambitious, talented, driven, good-looking just like
she was. And he was single! Maybe she could make the deal and get her man. She
dreamed about it. She was so nervous right now it felt like she had butterflies
in her stomach, it almost felt like a date. She hadn't been with a man for
nearly a year. This wasn't a date, it's just a business meeting, she kept trying
to remind herself.

She finished her shower and put on a gown. Had that plumber finished yet? He was
still messing around in one of the cupboards as he had been for the last ten
minutes.

She snapped. "What the hell are you doing? Do you actually know what you are
doing, or are you as incompentent as the last plumber." He was actually a damn
good plumber, reliable and reasonably priced as well! (Author's note: Please
remember this story is entirely fictional). He also knew something about female
plumbing and concluded that she needed a good servicing from a professional.

The last plumber she mentioned was actually the cause of his problem. The key to
the valve had been stripped. He'd nearly fixed it and shut of the supply to the
faucet.

"I'm going out in fifteen minutes. Can you PLEASE make sure it's done by then."
She was tense and the plumber was getting it!

He was done in five minutes, cleaned himself and anything he had touched, and
was waiting in the hallway for her to pay him. That woman needed to be taught
some manners! What was to point of being such a bitch? While glancing around the
impressive hallway he noticed some spare keys on a shelf, curious, he tried one
in the apartment door. It worked! He knew it was a crazy thing to do but he
slipped the key in his pocket.

He'd done a number of stupid things since his girlfriend Alison had disappeared
a few months ago but this was easily the craziest. She'd left him a note to say
she wouldn't be coming back but it still didn't seem right. They loved each
other. They were best friends. It just didn't add up. Now he was stuck trying to
get through each working day dealing with bitches like Miss Rossi.

When Ms Rossi came out of the bedroom, all dressed up to go out, his jaw
dropped. She grinned at him as if to say 'This isn't for your benefit' .She
looked beautiful in an elegant long black and silvery dress that made her figure
look fabulous. It wasn't fair that the rudest person he had met in a while
should be able to look so lovely! Her dark hair was pinned up, she smelt very
nice too, it just wasn't right! She paid his reasonably-priced bill in cash, a
derisory amount of money for someone on her salary.

She reached for a long coat from the row of coat-hooks. He surprised her by
holding the coat for her and helped put it on. His instinctive move was so well
executed that she hadn't any alternative but to gracefully accept the
gentlemanly gesture. She thanked him, slightly embarrassed but quite flattered
even though he was only a plumber. When was the last time someone did that for
me, she wondered. The plumber had done the job, not ripped her off, not delayed
her, and even showed some manners. Quite a nice guy really, she thought.

They left the apartment at the same time with merely a 'goodbye' and "Good night
Miss Rossi."

The Plumber resolved carry out his plan as it was to late for him to make his
evening computer class by then. He went to a local drugstore to buy some
personal 'items' and then returned to his vehicle to drop off his plumbing tools
get out his change of clothing and collected some rope he had stored in the van.
After a surprisingly good meal in a local Italian diner he returned to the
apartment to await her return.

It was a beautiful apartment, but too sterile and impersonal for his own tastes.
For him, an apartment was a place that you filled with your favourite things,
interesting mementoes, gifts that people gave you that you stuck on the wall
proudly. A place where you friends always felt comfortable. Her apartment was
not like that and he felt a little sorry for her.

In her bedroom he found some interesting items. In the top drawer of her bedside
cabinet: A vibrator, nothing unusual there. A paperback: Beauty by Anne Rice, a
classic of its kind. He began to feel he knew Ms Rossi a little better now. In
another drawer he found her elegant silk scarves which he knew would come in
useful. He selected a couple of black ones to match her dress.

He was ready. Now it was just a matter of waiting for her to return. If she
didn't return then it wasn't meant to be. He would slip away and she would never
know he had been there. It was still only the middle of the evening so he took a
snooze in a chair in the darkened living room. He'd removed the lightbulbs in
preparation.

She came home around ten in the evening, fed up and fuming about something,
kicking her shoes off angrily, hanging up her coat. Her business
associate/dining partner and hoped-for lover had proudly announced that he had
got engaged to a woman who worked in a bookstore! Once Rebecca had been told his
news the evening seemed to come to a perfunctory ending straight after the
coffee. She drove her BMW back to her apartment as if in a daze, finally
admitting to herself that she was lonely.

Luckily for the plumber, her noisy entrance woke him from his snooze! He leapt
to his pre-planned position behind the door, and moments later she walked in. He
grabbed her as soon as she fumbled with the light-switch, wondering why it
didn't work. A wrench was poked into her ribs to imitate a gun barrel and his
hand covered her mouth. She had frozen in his grip.

"Do as I say and I won't kill you.", he said with so much menace that he even
scared himself! He had never done this before although he used to play games
like this with Alison. It turned out to have been good practice.

While Rebecca was paralysed with fear, he made her blindfold herself with a silk
scarf. Next he handed her a tightly folded scarf. "Put that in your mouth." He
had another scarf ready in which he had previously made a thick knot in the
middle and he tied it tightly around her head so the knot was in her mouth. The
gag seemed effective and she'd made a surprising good job of her blindfold. She
didn't attempt to remove the gag and blindfold even though her hands were still
free, she still thought he had a gun on her.

He turned on the table lamps in the lounge and made her stand across the room
from him. He told her to take her dress off. She hesitated breifly before
obeying, reaching an arm behind her to grope for the zip. It dropped reluctantly
to the floor around her feet in moments later.

His jaw dropped again, even further than earlier in the evening. Under the dress
she was dressed in a sexy red basque, stockings and suspenders set and had the
body to do it justice. He'd never been with a woman wearing wonderful lingerie.
"You are so beautiful. If you weren't such a uptight bitch I'll bet that some
lucky guy would be seducing you in his hotel room by now." He could tell he just
made her cry behind her blindfold, and felt sorry for her. Tears or not, he
would stick to the plan.

He made her place her hands behind her head and tied the wrists together so that
her fingers were touching the top of her back. That's a great tie for what he
had planned next.

"OK Ms Rossi, now I'm gonna bend you over my lap and spank your ass, while you
think about what an uptight bitch you've been." He smiled when she appeared to
nod her head in contrition. He knelt down in front of her and tenderly pulled
down the delicate red panties.A  trimmed patch of pubic hair and nice labia
presented themselves.

Having her lovely body in the red basque and stockings positioned on his lap had
a predictable effect in his loins. She took the spanking with an admirable
stoicism. The stimulation of having her bouncing around on him persuaded him
that was probably enough, at least for him! Once he felt her ass was suitably
reddened, he stopped, relieved to get the squirming body off him before it was
too late.

He made her lay face down on the rug. Time for more rope. Next he tied her legs
in what is called a frog-tie. That is where each ankle is tied to its own thigh.
Feeling her legs within the red fishnet stockings had made that a pleasant task,
and  he discovered Rebecca was very sensitive on the insides of her thighs.

So far the rope bindings were not so uncomfortable but this was about to change.
He tied ropes from each ankle-thigh bond then led them up and through her bound
hands behind her head so he could pull back to put some tension on the ropes. He
pulled strongly on the ropes causing her body and shoulders to bend back like an
archers bow, and satisfied, he tied off the ends well out of  her fingers'
reach. She was groaning behind her gag, she found it tight, but it was supposed
to be. She worked out in the gym and he knew she looked flexible enough to cope.
It's a good workout for the triceps Alison used to tell him.

That was her binding completed. Her struggling didn't amount to much, and she
was calmer than he expected; breathing fast but not panicking. It was time to
rub on something to soothe her burning buttocks. His hands moved slowly and
firmly across her buttocks knowing that Rebecca had no reason to fight against
his touch. He'd done a good job, and could feel her breathing had slowed. He
wiped his hands thoroughly clean of the lotion. The back of her basque looked
beautiful, the red contrasting with a black ribbon that laced almost as tightly
as a corset. Better loosen those laces if he wants to get at her breasts later!
Then he reached between her legs. She yelped when she felt his hand. She was
very moist as he had hoped. It was time for a little role-play game....

"Hey Ms Rossi! It's a bit damp down here. I think you're leaking!", he said.

"ohhhh!", feeling his fingers on her vulva, she started to struggle more,
sensing that he was moving to an altogether more serious stage of his demented
plan.

"I'm just going to poke around a bit and see where the leak is coming from."

She could feel his fingers rubbing slowly on her labia before touching her
clitoris. Then his fingers were inside her, just a little, probing gently,
teasing, looking for a response.

"ohhhhh!", she seemed to be crying a little. He knew that with gag like that
she'd be making a lot worse noise if she was distressed.

"I'm gonna have to turn you over, the moisture's just getting worse. I can't
reach the source of the problem from here.", the plumber said with mock-concern.

"uuhh hhuuhh". That almost sounded like an agreement!

Tied as tightly as she was, it was quite easy to flip her gently onto her back,
although the way she was strung, her back barely touched the rug. At least it
kept her burning buttocks of the floor this way.

He managed to pull down the top of her basque to reveal her breasts and large
nipples. "Now that's a fine looking set of equipment you have here, I'm gonna
check they are in good order before I continue below." He gently massaged her
soft breasts for a while, impressed with the prominent points atop them. He
teased them expertly with his tongue. "OK, they are responding fine. I reckon
they'll give many years of satisfactory service for their lucky owners." He
wasn't lying and wondered whether Rebecca had appreciated the compliment.

"OK, Ms Rossi. I'm gonna move down below now and see if I can locate the source
of your problem." He always loved the way that garters and stockings 'framed'
that special place in a woman and hers was framed beautifully by her exquisite
lingerie. She heard a sound of something snapping. A latex glove now covered
plumber's left hand. A little lubricant was smeared on the glove and on her
labia.

"Hold still, Miss Rossi, I'm not going to hurt you". He moved himself between
her V shaped legs. The two fingers of his left hand started probing in her
vagina more firmly than before, while his thumb was pressing down on her
clitoris. His right hand was spread and pressing firmly on her belly.

"nnnnnnnnnnnn!", she moaned as his fingers pressed on the front of her vagina.
She thought it hurt before realizing how good it actually felt. As he repeated
the motion she knew for sure that it felt good. She hoped he wouldn't stop. She
felt she wanted to urinate but that was probably just the way he was touching
her.

"Do you want to pee?", he asked.

"um huh"

"It's normal, don't worry, you won't."

"um huh". She seemed to trust him.

She felt a spasm... she was shocked that he was making her orgasm. It happened,
and her world spun off its axis for a few moments. He insisted on an encore. His
fingers were like an audience clapping and demanding repeated curtain calls from
the performer. She had little choice but to oblige him again and again.

He was pleased with his work, and however you look at it, she'd got more that
she deserved. He cleaned her up tenderly with a towel. She lay, panting heavily
in her increasingly painful arch..She didn't hate the ropes despite the pain
they caused. Most of all she wanted him to remove the blindfold.

"OK, Rebecca. I think we've finally fixed the problem. Your equipment is still
in excellent working order despite being neglected. But you should leave it so
long between services in future. Before I leave you, can I interest you in a
special executive finish?"

"uhhh?". she was confused. What could he be asking her? She thought about it and
nodded slowly.

The Plumber was finally getting his chance, amazed that he had managed to hold
out. His erection was not as strong as earlier, as his blood supply had got
bored of waiting. A squeeze of her lovely breasts and the sounds that caused her
to make soon restored his urge. He pushed her knees apart knowing that her
vagina was ready to receive his aching penis. It gave him a warm welcome, and he
took her with a rocking tenderness that stimulated her vagina to hold him
tightly within her. For a few sweet moments they both enjoyed the moments when
it was she that somehow held him as a captive.


Ten minutes later, he was sitting on the sofa looking down at Rebecca who still
lay tightly bound on the rug. He'd turned her over onto her belly just to give
her some relief. He didn't need to decide what to do about Rebecca, as there was
only on option. He would never harm her.

The question was what he was going to do about himself. He had just done the
stupidest thing in his life and could go to jail for a long time. But that would
never happen, he could be out of the country tomorrow and be on his way to the
Far East where he had lived happily with Alison for a couple of years. Maybe a
chance to rebuild his life again?

In  the meantime perhaps he should remove Rebecca's gag and listen to what she
had to say.


to be continued?




2. Complications
(The Plumber's Revenge, Jessica Verdi)

Rebecca Rossi laid tied up, gagged and blindfolded on her own living carpet. The
more she regained her composure, the more she became away of the painfully tight
ropes that held her. What would he do next? - she wondered. Her rapist was
apparently sated for the time being, but she sensed he was still in the room, in
fact, sat on her comfortable sofa! He just sat there quietly, not in a hurry to
do anything, resting, planning his next move.

Just supposing he wasn't going to kill her, she found herself contemplating,
that the plumber would leave her in this cruel and aching restraint. At least,
she consoled herself, the cleaner would discover her the following morning. She
could be back at work later that afternoon. Then she realized with horror that
she had the days wrong, the cleaner didn't visit on Thursdays!

Tied and gagged like that for thirty-six hours was a horror she could not
contemplate. Rebecca decided that she had to risk attracting the plumber's
attention, just in case he was about to walk out and leave her. The gag was so
effective that all she could manage was a pitiful pleading, mewing sound that
she'd never made before and swore she would never do again.

It appeared to work. She got the plumber's attention.

"Rebecca?", he said softly. He could tell she was beginning to suffer from the
strain of her strictly bound position.

"Uh huh." she acknowledged him from her silk-stuffed mouth.

"I'm going to untie you now, to put you in a more comfortable position. Don't
resist me, or I'll punish you."

"Uh huh."

Gagged and blindfolded as she was, and faced with what she still believed was an
armed man, she was only too pleased when he flipped her over onto her belly. He
untied the ropes that held her hands so firmly at the back of her head. To her
relief he tied them behind her back in a 'normal' fashion with one of her silk
scarves.

With Rebecca now kneeling in front of the sofa, tied up, still gagged and
blindfolded, the plumber felt for a moment like he had his own willing slave
girl again....but this was no loving girlfriend, this woman was really his
prisoner, his victim!

He removed the poor woman's cloth gag to give her a drink of water. Rebecca
obeyed his instruction to remain silent as he pulled the sopping silk scarf from
her mouth, drinking without hesitation from the glass of water offered to her
lips.

"Thank you", Rebecca said quietly and sincerely after her finishing her drink.
He'd told her not to speak, but she took a chance.

"You're welcome", the plumber replied aware of how absurd their polite exchange
was in the current circumstances. "I assume you were thanking me for the water."

Her mind was stopped in its tracks when she realized what else he thought she
was thanking him for! She decided not to advance that particular dialogue.

"Are you going to kill me?", she asked him with a surprising directness.

The plumber mentally recoiled in horror. Yet he had to acknowledge to himself,
he'd broken into the woman's apartment and raped her at gunpoint, even if it was
only a wrench posing as a gun.

"No, Rebecca, I really don't wish to harm you. I just have to figure out a way
to extricate myself from this stupid mess I've put us both in."

Rebecca, still kneeling on the floor with her frog-tied legs, shuffled along the
floor knowing instinctively where the front of her sofa was. She leant back
against her sofa in the same familiar place where she often sat watching the TV,
although never with a silk scarf knotted about her wrists as she sat now.

Having sensed that his instruction to remain silent had be successfully
breached, she tentatively continued the conversation. "It's obvious that I know
who you are. What I don't understand is why you haven't made a proper attempt to
conceal your identity. That's why I wondered whether you were going to kill me.
Killers don't need to conceal their identity."

"God, Rebecca, stop talking like that! I'm not going kill you. Alright?" he
said, becoming agitated with her admittedly logical deductions.

"Sorry, em...I don't even know your name."

"I told you my name when I came to fix your faucet today." The plumber prompted
her, slightly affronted not to have made an earlier impression on her.

Rebecca prided herself on a good memory for names and faces, but had been so
consumed by her own anxieties over her evening date,  that she'd not paid any
attention to their initial contacts that afternoon. Then she remembered the
handwritten receipt he gave her.

"James Callinson!", she said triumphantly, and immediately wished she hadn't
shown quite so much enthusiasm.

"Well done! Now my victim even knows my name." he said, becoming even more
dejected.

"James", she repeated, as if playing with the sound of his name. "The cops would
soon find out your name, even I couldn't recall it. I got you out of the phone
book. Remember?"

"Even if I were dead, the cops could still trace the calls on my phone, and the
concierge must have see you arrive this afternoon."

"Rebecca. For heaven's sake, stop talking like that, I'm not going to kill you!"

"I know you're not. I was just speaking hypothetically. You see, there is no
reason to kill me because you could be identified just as surely as if the cops
asked me directly. The only difference would be the prison sentence. You clearly
don't do this kind of thing very often or you'd have been caught by now".

He felt slightly embarrassed to admit it. "It may not be much consolation to
you, but I've never done anything like this before. Something inside me just
snapped today I guess."

"And that was my fault I suppose!" Rebecca said sarcastically, yet perversely
flattered that she could affect somebody that much.

"No, Rebecca. I'm not blaming you. I'm a grown man, accountable for my own
actions. But there was something about you and your behavior that triggered my
reaction."

"Like what?", she asked, angrily yet half-knowing she had just fished for a
compliment.

"It's been six months since my girlfriend...um...disappeared, and I hadn't been
with another woman since then. You started bitching at me when I was working on
your plumbing, then later I saw you looking so beautiful in your dress
and...well, you know the rest."

She felt his hand stroke her long dark hair just once, and wished he would
remove her blindfold.

"Listen James, you've really put me through it tonight and I could really use a
drink. Something stronger than water."

"Yeah, me too. What have you got?" James said, already heading for the kitchen.

"Gin and Tonic, please. Tonic's in the fridge, gin's in the cupboard above." she
called out to him.

A short sequence of kitchen noises culminated in the fizz of the tonic water
pouring into two glasses.

"Ice and lemon?", came his call from the kitchen.

Damn it - she thought - this is getting ridiculous. Either he's a lousy rapist
or I'm a lousy victim! Imagine having to recount all this in court.

"A little of both please." she replied.

There's nothing quite so delicious as that first sip of a G&T, even, she
discovered, when tied up by your assailant. As the glass was held up to her lips
she appreciated the fresh scent rising off from the bubbles, her sense of smell
heightened because of her blindfold.

They sat in silence both relaxing a little as the drinks were sipped.

"James." She made sure she had his attention before continuing. "I know you're
not really such a bad guy. What if I promised not to report to the police what
happened."

"Come on, Rebecca, I'm not a complete fool! There's no reason for me to trust
you."

"I see what you mean. I need a way to prove to you that I won't call the police.
I'll think of something." Rebecca usually enjoyed this kind of mental challenge.
"OK James, here's the alternatives as I see them. Option One - get the hell out
of here before I have a chance to report to the police. You could leave me tied
up for the cleaner to find, but you'll just be a fugitive and eventually get
caught.

"Two - trust me that I won't tell. I've got a well paid and important job, and I
don't want to be dragged through the court exposing my private life for the next
year. I'll just try to forget this ever happened.

"Three - and I don't know why I'm saying this - kidnap me. But that would only
buy you time until you released or...k", she managed to catch herself before she
said it again.

He paused, biting his lip. "That's pretty much how I see it as well. I'd like to
trust you but how can I be sure? I still think I'll stick to my plan, which
happens to be option one as you describe it: Get the hell out of here and live
somewhere nice. New York is driving me crazy, and this episode proves it."

"But, where would you go? What would you do?"

He laughed. "That's pretty funny, Rebecca. You think I'm going to tell you where
I'm running away to?"

"Sorry, I didn't mean it like that." she said with a smile, having realized the
inappropriateness of her question.

"Maybe I should just take your option three: Kidnap you. Take you to some kind
of remote shack in Montana. Keep you tied up securely in a dozen different ways,
and make you cum over and over again, just like you did earlier this evening.
I'd teach you how to please me, while I learned everything there is to know
about your lovely body. You'd be my own little pleasure slave."

"You're crazy, you know that?", Rebecca said, almost amused by his suggestion.
For the first time she turned her head to face him even though still
blindfolded.

Her smile did not go unnoticed. "That may be so. But I'm in enough trouble
already, so what does it matter if I have a little bit of fun along the way." He
noticed a distinct change in Rebecca's mood. Her fear of him had evaporated
before his eyes. The generous proportion of gin to tonic had clearly done what
alcohol does.

She decided to try again. "James. Please could you remove my blindfold? After
all, I already know what you look like."

"Well then, why do you need to see me again?" he responded. His hand felt the
silk scarf that she tied round her own head and noticed that she didn't flinch
at his touch. The silk felt nice to touch, so did her soft cheek beneath it.

He changed places on the sofa so he was seated astride her and she felt his
breath on her neck as he leaned forward. Looking down, he saw the view of her
breasts oozing out the top of their corset, rising and falling noticeable with
each breath. Soon the breasts were in his hands, his fingers toying with her
erect nipples. One of his hands moved downwards to rediscover her moist cunt.

"Oh God, is it time for my first service already?", Rebecca panted as she felt
expert fingers moving within her slit.

The plumber laughed. "Long overdue, in my opinion. Looks like your thermostat is
in good working order but I think we should give it a pressure test."

How could she tell him how much she liked to be kissed on her shoulders and
neck? As long as he kept doing it she wouldn't need to. With his mouth on her
shoulder, a hand squeezing a breast, and the other moving within her pussy lips,
he had no trouble making her cum again.

"Oh my god, this is embarrassing!", she panted "Please stop doing this to me. I
have to go to work tomorrow."

"Tell 'em, you have a problem with your boiler", he suggested, while untying the
ropes from her legs. Once her legs were free he turned her body around so her
belly and breasts were laying on the sofa with her knees still on the floor.

"Please, no." she whimpered, close to tears. She feared she was about to be
anally raped. Her silk-bound hands wriggled behind her back vainly hoping she
could fight him off. "Please don't do it. James."

He looked down at her shapely ass and lovely slim waist, still loosely laced-up
in that beguiling sexy red corset. Kneeling down behind her, he pushed himself
easily into her lubricated pussy, with one hand squeezing her soft breast, the
other holding her and caressing her chin and mouth. He settled into a slow but
strong rhythm, her resistance melting with each thrust.

When he came, the two exhausted bodies just lay as there were, his chest bearing
down on her back, her face and breasts pushed into the soft sofa cushions. His
mind was reeling with confusion: That soft wonderful body beneath him! Squirming
gently, sighing, exhausted. What was he going to do with her? Whatever he
planned, it would have to wait until the morning. He was too exhausted to think
straight, and that was compounded by his being over the drink-drive limit. He
never drove after drinking.

'Sleep on it' was the phrase which kept coming into his mind. He was no closer
to making a decision about his next move than before he started talking to this
infuriating woman. He took their drinks glasses back to the kitchen and filled
both with water from the faucet and tidied up the various items he'd used for
their drinks. Walking back into the lounge he noticed Rebecca still half-laying
on the sofa, her head buried in the cushions.

"Come on, Rebecca. Up you get!" The plumber grabbed her arm and helped her up
from the sofa. She gave him a satisfied smile...and looked him in the eyes!

She appeared absurdly proud of her small triumph, having used the sofa cushion
to rub the silk blindfold from her eyes. Having been  kept sightless almost from
the time she arrived back at the apartment, she imagined that the plumber still
wore his white overalls. Instead she was surprised ( and reluctantly impressed)
to find him dressed in smart slacks, and an immaculate blue shirt. He looked as
well-groomed as the guy she had dinner with!

"I've decided to stay here for the night. Don't worry about making up a spare
bed, your's will be fine."

"God, James! Do you have any idea what you are doing?" Her voice was aggravated
and yet had an element of concern for both of them.

"Of course not! I thought that was apparent a long time ago." He said, realizing
for the first time what nice eyes she had, particularly when looking at him in
that way. "I figured that nothing will change before the morning, except that I
can make a rational decision by then. I'm afraid I'll have to tie you securely
to the bed so I can get some sleep."

Taking her by the arm, he led her into the bedroom. "Would you like me to
undress you?"

"No need. Just untie my hands and I'll manage myself." She turned her back to
him and held out her bound hands expectantly.

He laughed. "No way, lady! You're still a security risk to me. I can undress you
myself, or you can can wear your sexy corset to bed. I'm happy either way."

She considered her limited options. "OK, I can't sleep in this thing, so you'll
have to undress me." She sat down on the bed and provocatively lifted a shapely
stocking-clad leg towards him.

He unclipped the stocking from it's garter and slowly pulled it down her soft
smooth-shaved leg, until it came free of her feet. She held out the other leg
for him, and gave him with a enigmatic smile as he tenderly removed the stocking
again. Next it was the corset. He sat on the bed beside her and started pulling
open the laces at her back. She sighed, amused at his ignorance and explained
that the garment was unhooked at the front once the laces were loosened.

Watching him lay her garments carefully over the back of a chair, confirmed what
she noticed earlier: That they shared the same propensity for neatness, and she
hadn't yet registered that her dress was already hung up in her wardrobe.

"James, honey!", the naked Rebecca whispered coyly, "I need to used the
bathroom."

"Sure, just leave the door open so I can see you."

"But my hands....", she frowned. "How can I..."

"Don't worry, I'll attend to you, just let me know when you are done. I'll help
with whatever you need to do."

Wiping her ass at the end of her toilet activity was handled with surprisingly
little embarrassment for either of them. He'd cared for his ageing father after
he had a stroke, so taking care of somebody in the bathroom was second nature.
Somehow the love he had for his deceased father and the feelings he was having
for Rebecca were becoming disturbingly confused.

Removing her necklace and earrings was straightforward, so was washing the light
makeup from her face. But why couldn't this crazy bitch have managed just one
night without brushing her teeth - he thought. Surely being made a prisoner and
sex slave would have qualified as an excuse for one night!

Standing behind her with an arm tightly around her body, he managed to brush her
teeth, creating a mess dribbling down her chin and onto her bare breasts. Both
of them became aware of the moment that wavered between comical and sensual.
They looked into the mirror and caught the reflection showing a man and a woman
smiling and laughing together. They both became pensive and silent at the
unsettling image.

Ever since they'd entered the bedroom it seemed that the captured Rebecca had
acquired own caring servant, as a result of James's unwillingness to untie her.
She started to imagine crazy thoughts about what else he might do for her if he
stayed in the apartment any longer.

When all her bathroom needs were finally met, she assumed the position he
required on the bed. Her ankles were fixed together by siscarves and then to the
iron frame at the bottom of the bed. Her wrists were retied in front, then
extended and tied to the bedframe above her head.

"Comfortable?" He asked her as she lay naked and stretched out on the bed.

 "How can I be comfortable when I'm tied up like this?" She tugged helplessly
against her silk bonds, as if to reassure him that she was securely held, "but I
suppose it could be worse." she conceded.

"Damn right it could be. You're lucky I haven't gagged you." He pulled the duvet
over her and went to the bathroom. An alarmed Rebecca called after him. "Hey!
Don't use my toothbrush, there's a new one in the cabinet you can have."

She heard a reply that sounded like "Arrggghhh" and assumed he must be gargling.

Finally, after turning off all the lights in the apartment and ensuring the
front door was locked, the exhausted plumber was at last able to get to bed.
Rebecca already had her eyes closed when he returned to the bedroom. Thank God
she's asleep - he thought. He turned off the bedroom light and crawled under the
duvet in the darkness.

The plumber was resolved that in the morning he would enact his escape plan;
first buy his air-ticket, then leave some treasured possessions with a close
friend, make sure Rebecca could be rescued, and get the hell out of country
while he still could. It was really quite simple, he thought, as he drifted off
to sleep alongside that lovely, strangely infuriating woman he held captive.

Just then a quiet voice beside him spoke. "James? Are you awake? I have another
idea."

to be continued?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jessica Verdi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





