BDSM Library - The Hunting Party




The Hunting Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Current life on the reservation for intrusive pail faces.
 REPOST : The Hunting Party  nc V etc..........


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

If you are immature, underaged of offended by such, go on to the 
next posting.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


                  The Hunting Party #1 
                    by Paladin

Charlie Two Shirts was a Nes Pava Indian. His father and 
relatives had owned this land for as long as they could remember 
in the singing chants.

The white eyes had come and killed the buffalo, trapped the 
beaver, and dispossessed the Nes Pava to a small corner of their 
once tribal lands. Then when oil was found the white eyes had 
come again and dispoiled the remaining sacred lands. 

This was the last straw. Finally the Nes Pava had learned the 
white eyes law and they fought in courts and won a white eyes 
victory. They became a sovern nation, within the boundaries of a 
state, but a law to themselves. They also won sufficient moneys 
that the few remaining True Nes Pava wanted for nothing. The oil 
royalties saw to that.

Charlie and three others were the law on the 1,000,000 acres of 
scrub and desert left to them. They wanted for nothing .... 
nothing but REVENGE!!

A main highway flowed through their lands and it was here they 
would find their vengeance on the white eyes. Just as in the last 
century the white eyes came through their land and did not head 
their customs, but now they could extract their revenge....

Charlie looked down at the white squaw working between his legs. 
They had captured her about a month ago. She was slowing down. A 
week with Mickie Yellow Feather, a week with Rod Deer, and a week 
with Fred Rain, had brought her into Charlies possession.

She had been a perky stuck up oppioniated college student when 
Rods rifle shot out her tire. That brought her visions of a 
future busting ball to an end.

A couple of scars from Mikes skinning knife where he removed her 
clothes, and a couple of hours hanging up if Freds smoke house 
with the other meats had convinced her that she was a squaw for 
these Indian braves. Rod had branded her ass with the running 
iron he got from those rustlers a years or so back and she 
behaved her self for two weeks. 

Why now, she hardly even thought of running away. That is, since 
the time she did it and they let her run around for two whole 
days. Boiling in her nudity by day and freezing during the cold 
dessert nights. The thirst, for their was nothing but alkali for 
miles liked to drove her crazy.

She was truly broken to them when they decided to allow her to 
come into a warm lodge and resume some sort of civilized life.

Twenty Century College life, especially as an English major did 
not really equip one for a hunter gather existence in the 
wilderness. Yes sir she was really ready to settle down and make 
these boys happy when they let her in that first night.

Why for a swallow of water she fucked them one by one posing for 
the video tape and professing her true love of red cocks as her 
one true love in life, but now she was slowing down.

She didn't flutter that tongue in an ass hole fast enough to 
please Charlies jaded taste. He told Mikie and they got Rod to 
agree that although her tits were small they would still be added 
to the smooth leather blanket they had made from all the previous 
prisoners. 

Charlie was squeezing the left nipple urging her to take him 
deeper in her small throat but she objected. 

She felt that she was gaining the upper hand over these red 
bastards, and soon she would entice one of them to help her 
escape and then she would have her revenge.

Charlie ran his fingers through her long black hair. This would 
be hung from his lodge pole as he had found her during his 
observation of the highway. Rod had claimed the pubic hair patch 
as he had had her first. So she would decorate their lodges as 
would all their enemies....

Just the thought of this excited Charlie soo much he shot off 
down her throat even before he wanted to. He blamed this too on 
her. She had to go ......tonight!

She was dragged outside and tied to a fence post to wait for her 
end in the cold. She was tied with her head on the ground and her 
legs spread and tied to the barbed wire strands extending 
horizontally from the post.

The bucks retired to the warmth of the lodge to drink beer 
(paeoty was against the law, and besides too much trouble to 
make.) and tell stories of their past. Then they would do the 
ghost dance to honor their lost ones the white eyes had slaughtered 
and then.... Well that would be for another time..

The next morning with his new lodge pole decoration Charlie 
nursed a hangover. What did his ancestors do?? Was it the beer?/ 
Maybe the paeoty was somehow different.. He have that thieving
Gonzolez get him some next time he came to trade.

The CB radio crackled "Charlie you got your ears on???"

He grabbed the mike and answers, "Yea but I ain't soo sure of my 
head. on right now. What you got Mike?"

"Looks like a whole string of ponies cursing on the "I" way. You 
want to get a whole string of ponies??" came the reply.

"Yea...I'm up for that. What about you Rod...You got your ears 
on??" Charlie asked the mick. Was he up for it?? Mikie was sure 
funny this early in the morning.

"I'm up for it. I got the patrol car and I'm all decked out in 
the official duds. I'll stop them at the little dome rock. You 
boys get decked out and come on over here quick as you can. Fred 
you there??" Came the reply from Rod.

"Yep I'm with you guys. I'll be there directly. You save some of 
them ponies for me." Fred added.

Charlie got out his official Tribal Police Uniform and went out 
to his official motorcycle. Yes sir never failed. The uniform 
convinced um that they had to cooperate and with a string it 
would be of great help in control.

He kicked the powerful machine into action and tore off in cloud 
of dust to the domed rock and the herd of new 'ponies' that they 
were going to acquire. 

"Wonder if their will be a cute read head with freckles on her 
but. I liked the last one. Sure hated to let Fred take her hair 
but he did have first claim on it.

Rounding the bent he saw that Rod had stopped a new mini van 
and had the driver out side and was writing her a ticket for 
speeding. or something  That trick always worked.

He skidded to a stop and approached the vehicles with his hand on 
his gun. Then he went into his act,

"Sheriff, we got info this is the van that is being used to 
smuggle drugs. We got to search it and all the occupants. 
Everybody out here. NOW!!" Charlie ordered.

"Now just you wait a damn minute buster. We are respectable 
student teachers and we are now going to stand for any police 
intimidation. You think you can just ....." the brunette driver 
started.

Charlie and Rod drew their pistols and cocked the hammers in 
unison. the driver seemed to have lost her voice and almost her 
water.

Rod flung her against the back of the van and ordered,

"Assume the position bitch, and any more back talk and I'll fire 
a shot to warn the others to cooperate." His revolver was 
positioned at her temple. The warning shot would take out her 
brains. She shakily placed her hands on the hot metal and shut 
up. She did not move. She even tried to stop breathing.

"OK now the rest of you get out and get over here real careful or 
we will be forced to use our guns." Charlie ordered.

Just them Mikie drove up, got out of his police car and drew his 
gun. He too pointed his revolver at the now terrified student 
teachers, stumbling terrified from the van .

The all got out and were lined up against the van. Rod searched 
the van dumped the suitcases out and went through the contents 
looking for anything. He found a dildo in one of the cases.

"All right now which one of you bitches is the nymphomaniac with 
the large cunt that belongs to this?" Rod asked with a smirk on 
his face.

A little brunette cringed and started to sob.

"I guess we got the perp right here, AIN'T WE SLUT??" he yelled 
at the sobbing girl, grabbing her by the her arm ,and spinning 
her around.

"Y.. YE... YES SIR" she stammered

"This an extra large?? Or just the jumbo size, Slut?" Rod prodded 
the now balling girl with the white plastic device.

"Now just you wait one minute!! You ..." 

BLAM 

The black haired woman screamed and immediately stopped her 
attempt to control the situation, as Charlie fired his revolver 
off right by her ear. She fainted thinking she had been shot.

"Now any more objections will be dealt with severely. Ok bitch 
what size is it extra large, or jumbo??" Charlie repeated the 
question.

"I....I Don't know... I just got it.... My boyfriend got it. I 
...." the sobbing brunette answered.

"Well does it fit tight or lose in your cunt?" Rod asked.

The brunette sobbed and didn't answer.

Rod stepped up to her and slapped the back of her head with the 
dildo and ordered, "When I ask you a question, you masturbating 
whore, you will answer me."

"It... is ... OH GOD... It is tight....Sir." she stammered.

"Well now we all want to see that don't we??" Mike said. "Who'd 
ever  believe a whore like you have a tight cunt. Come on we all 
want to see if it is really tight."

"You soo sexed you have to use this I know you want to show us 
your expertise and we all just dying to see it. Ain't we sluts. I 
bet the rest of you will just like to show us what whores you 
are. What you think? You all whores?" Rod chided the cringing 
young women.

"I think we got us a rolling sex troop sheriff. Let's strip up 
down and see if they whores or teachers." Charlie added.

"Yea good idea. STRIP OFF THOSE CLOTHES SO WE CAN SEE IF YOUR 
WHORES OR TEACHERS." Mikie ordered.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=




                  The Hunting Party #2
                      by Paladin

"You can't do this. We are...." A brunette began but was stopped 
by...

BLAM!!

"Strip down you whores or the next ones goes into the little 
pervert over here. I'll make her a new cunt right in the middle 
of her forehead. Now do it!" Charlie ordered holding the smoking 
gun to the head of the dildos owner.

Crying and cringing the five teachers began to disrobe under the 
guns of the three "police" officers. Their were daised and 
scared and embarrassed but these were the "police". They were the 
authority figures. They were....

Once all the girls were stripped down to their panties and bras 
the pace seemed to stop. Each crossed her arms across her breasts 
and sought to hide her self at the expense of the other.

BLAM!!

"I said strip down. You whores seem to need some encouragement to 
stop teasing us and get them business parts out for display." 
Charlie said grabbing the black haired girl and tore off her 
panties and then put his pistol in her crotch with the muzzle 
facing out of her pussy lips toward the dessert expanse.

BLAM!!

The screams from the cunts owner were intense and she peeded from 
fright and the rest went into hysterics. They all felt that their 
friend was shot in the cunt.

"Now all she got is a singed cunt from the muzzle blast. Now take 
off the bra and do it quick!! Or I will blow you a new ass hole 
next time." Charlie ordered wiping his wet gun with her blouse. 
"You stupid bitch. You wet my pistol. Get down on your knees NOW!!!"

Shaking and her cunt singed she shed her bra and knelt to do as 
ordered. As she knelt naked before him he ordered her,

"Take out my dick and be quick about it whore." Charlie then 
added placing the muzzle on the top of her head.

She quickly reached his crotch and tried to open his zipper but 
she was shaking soo bad that she could not bring her hands to the 
task of unzipping him. 

"You got to the count of three bitch" came the order punctuated 
with the muzzle to her forehead and a metallic click as Charlie 
cocked the hammer.

Terrified she managed to steady herself and bring the zipper 
down. Cringing she reached into the pants and bring out Charlies 
red dick. It was flaccid and she looked up to the muzzle in the 
center of her forehead and prayed that she would wake up from this 
night mare. This did not happen. 

The horror was real. a little while ago she was cursing the 
highway and looking forward to a dull group of meetings and 
flirting with the groups advisor. Now she was kneeling before 
a policeman before his dick like some slave whore.

"Now hold it with both hands and lookie right into the little 
eye. Bet you ain't seen many of these reduns hunch, BITCH??" 
Charlie ordered.

She looked up at the piss hole and screamed as a stream of piss 
caught her right in the eyes. She flopped down and attempted to 
roll over to escape the vile liquid, screaming.

Charlie followed her and stopped his stream as soon as he could.

He kicked her in the stomach and stepped back to escape the 
stream of vomit as the girl gave up her breakfast.

"Now that you made a mess of it we going to do it over. Get up on 
your knees again or I will just have to kill you." Charlie said 
as he grabbed the unresisting girl who had no fight left in her, 
by her hair and forcing her to resume her subservient position.

She knelt up and with a daised look starred at his dick. She 
cringed as he again pissed in her face but she did not move. She 
just sat there till she heard.

"That's a good little bitch. Now open your mouth so I can see how 
well you like the taste." he ordered. She tried to get away but 
he still held her long hair and he had the gun at her head. "Then 
you can tell me how much better red dick water is. HAHAHAHA!"

She reached but opened her mouth. She let him piss in her mouth 
and did nothing. She kept the salty liquid inside but did not try 
to empty it out.

"Now that you had a good taste let me see you swallow. I'm sure it 
will aid in replacing that stuff you littered the shoulder of 
the road with just now." Charlie ordered.

She might die if she did this. She was sure she would die if she 
didn't. She forced her throat to open and swallow it down. She 
retched but the grip on her hair and the revolver to her head 
convinced her to hold it down.

"Now I think this whore has possibilities, but next time I want 
you to do this better. You know just like you do in school the 
kids have to do some thing over and over till they get it right. 
Well try this again when I get the urge, and I'll save it just 
for you. OK???" Charlie inquired.

"Y... YY... Oh God... I....Yes sir." she stammered hoping she 
would be released from this nightmare before that time came.

"Ok, Now let's see how this fits the little pervert." Rod said 
holding the dildo out to the cringing owner who looked around and 
tried to plead with her eyes. "Come on don't be shy get those 
panties off and show us all that tight fit you were soo happy 
with."

Balling she took off her panties and spread her legs to place the 
dildos at the entry to her sex.

"Now this is ridiculous! Whore. You don't do this with a bra on 
get that off and be quick about it. You are keeping us all 
waiting and I don't have all day to fool with a group of whores 
like you." Rod ordered.

Sobbing she stripped off her last protective covering and 
positioned the dildo to her dry shrunken hole. Shaking she could 
not get it in her cunt. She looked up at Rod pleading with her 
eyes.

"Now that is not right. You need to heat up the meat bitch. Work 
up that clit and squeeze then nipples so you can juice up a bit, 
else how do we know if it is really a tight fit??" Rod commenting 
taking the dildo away from the humiliated student teacher.

She looked at him, pleading with her eyes and shaking her head. 
NO NO.

Rod raised his revolver and pointed it directly at her. A metallic 
click informed all that he was going to shoot her.

BLAM!!

She screamed and fell to her knees. She pissed and knelt there 
daised. Then she realized he had shot past her and now he was 
placing the hot muzzle in the middle of her forehead and ordered,

"Get on with it bitch or the next ones gives you a new hole for 
this thing right here!" Rod ordered.

Her hands flew to the humiliating task and she closed her eyes 
and tried to do as ordered. She gripped her clit and teased it 
like she had done many times in the privacy of her bed. She 
grabbed her right nipple and tickled it to aid in the onerous 
task. She could not seem to get the horror out or her mind and 
the flow would not come.

BLAM!!

"This is hopeless. I bet this bitch is lying about her boyfriend 
giving it to her. I bet she is a lezzie. Maybe this one here is 
her butch." Rod said indicating a cringing brunette with short 
hair. "You get those things off, Butch, and get over here and help 
your little fem do her thing. Just like you do with all those 
little girl students you seduced back home."

"NO PLEASE...I'm not that kind. Please I don't do that." The 
short haired girl pleaded. "I'm not a..."

"Don't lie to me, Butch. Get over here and kiss this little bitch 
or would you rather I just off her and then you can take her place 
on this little jem?" Rod ordered waving the dildo in the crying 
brunettes face.

The choices were bad but she could not let him just kill Joann. 
She quickly knelt in front of her and looked at him imploringly.

"Kiss her just like you do all those students." came the order.

She quickly pecked Joanns damp cheek and equally quickly with 
drew so as not to touch her with her breasts.

"NO NO Not like that... Kiss her like you mean it you dike! Let's 
see some open mouth tongue action. You know squeeze the tits and 
rub cunts, just like back home." Rod ordered bring the Muzzle to 
rest on top of the horrified brunettes head. "And be quick about 
it, We ain't got all day to fool with this."

She had never in her life.... She wouldn't.... she couldn't... a 
slap to the back of her head brought her to contact with Joanne 
and Joanne initiated the kiss. Their breasts touched and Joanne 
gripped her around the waste and sucked for dear life.

The little brunette struggled to get free of the death grip of 
her former girl friend and in doing so frictioned their nipples 
and breasts together. This caused Joannes nipples to harden. The 
little brunette slowed her struggles, aided by another slap to 
her ear. Then she felt Joannes tongue at her lips.

The muzzle at her ear convinced her to open her mouth and accept 
the unwanted tongue into her mouth. She shuttered and then she 
felt Joannes hand slide over her belly to her pubic hair. 

"Now we are getting some where, but you better put some life in 
it Butch, or you are going to make me real mad. Get to it. NOW!!" 
ordered Rod.

She cringed and extended her hand to Joannes left breast. She 
felt the hard nipple. She had never, never felt anothers nipple. 
It felt like... and the alien breast was soo soft, so like her own 
but well she felt a tightening in her crotch. She shouldn't do 
this this was...

"Now get that hand in the crotch and rub her button Butch. You 
know how! You done it a thousand times your self." Rod commented 
to the reluctant participant.

She slid her hand into Joannes pubic hair and mons and found her 
button. It was stiff. She shouldn't do this but she had to.... 
She raked her nails across it gently and heard Joanne moan.

"Ok! Now we got the true scoop on these two. Here Butch you slip 
it to her just like you do it back home." Rod ordered forcing the 
dildo into her left hand and forcing it to the girls pubic area.

Joanne looked into her eyes and whimpered, "Please be gentle."

The pressure of the barrel at her ear convinced her that she 
had no choice. she slid the didlo slowly into the moist hole and 
when she got it all in she did not know what to do next. she 
paused and was about to look around when Joanne convulsed and 
gripped her tight and resumed her passionate kissing. She 
struggled to get free. she did not... she wasn't.... she felt 
the friction of her now hard nipples on the breasts on her girl 
friend. Her hand felt the moisture from Joannes now flowing hole. 
She was moist herself. This was horrible. she shouldn't....

"Allrighty!! Now let us all see the fit." Rod ordered gripping 
Joannes hair and pulling her up to he feet. He spun her around 
bent her in half and spread her cheeks. "Yep just like I thought. 
You lying bitch. That is soo lose it is sliding out all by 
itself. You must have entertained a whole heard of horses with 
this here hole. Now don't you be lying to me. You seem to be a 
bi type. Which is your best side?? Boys or Butch here??" Rod 
asked the displayed female sex organs.

Joanne cried profusely and would not answer. Rod punched the 
dildo back into the now sloppy hole and said,

"Well I think we found these bitches true nature." He forced 
Joanne and the brunette back to their position on the van and 
moved over to inspect the two remaining women.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=




                    The Hunting Party #3
                      by Paladin

Rod advanced to the remaining two student teachers and manually 
explored their slits.

"Always got to check these whores for concealed weapons. That's 
what it says in the manual at the police academy at the state 
capital. I got an "A" in that course. .... Nope nothing in here 
but dry shrunken holes. What is it with you two. You the animal 
part of this troop. I mean do you do dogs or donkeys or what??"

The two endured his exploration of their secrete parts with 
grunts and wiggling but were too scared to reply or defend their 
shame.

"Well whores, I am convinced that you'll are a traveling group of 
whores going around to lure our riotous braves of the way of the 
Cloud Dance so I'm going to have to take you in and let the Chief 
decide your fate."

"NO!!!! PLEASE JUST LET US GO. WE WONT TELL..."

BLAM!!  BLAM!!

"Tell... Tell what??? To who??? We duly appointed officers of the 
white mans law and we stopped a traveling group of whores 
attempting to sell their asses to our noble red men. You 
disgusting filth. You better keep that tongue still of I'll have 
it cut out and used for shoe leather."

The shots silenced the pleading of the women and they cowered 
from the 'police' officers for fear of being shot.

Rod walked over to his car and grabbed the mike. "Where are you 
Fred?? I need that chain and the tow truck here now!" As he waited 
he reloaded his 44 from the cartridges in his belt. 

Charlie and Mikie took out their cuffs and shackled the women's 
hands behind them. Rod brought out the extra sets of cuffs they 
kept in the car and finisher the job before the radio came to 
life.

"I'm a'comming. I had to clear out the drive way. Be right 
there!" came Freds voice.

Charlie walked to the now shackled girls and fondled the little 
read headed girl with the freckled ass and tits. Yes sir the 
great spirit had heard his wish. Here was just the type of tits 
he needed for his quilt..

The tow truck arrived and Fred jumped down and went to fondling 
the black haired bitch. He used his middle finger to explore her 
depth and proclaimed,

"This is a dry bitch. What did you do to her?? Fuck her with the 
cactus??"

"Naw she is just waiting for a sign of money to juice up her 
honey pot. Now where is that medium chain." Charlie said.

"I got it in the cab with me. I know'd you would like it right 
handy. The bolts are there in the wooden box. You link um up as I 
didn't get to play with um afore you take um to the village." 
Fred called over his shoulder.

"OK you go on and then we will leave you to drag in the van by 
yourself." Rod answered.

"Going to do that anyway, so what else is new." Fred answered 
fingering the red head Charlie wanted to pork.

Charlie brought the chain and rapped a loop over the first girls 
neck. He then used a bolt to lock her neck to the chain. He fed 
out some two or so feet of chain and grabbed the blond. Secured 
her neck and repeated the process till the girls were lined up. 
they were now linked by the neck to each other and Charlie 
secured the chain to his motorcycle. All ways the cautious one he 
checked the women were all cuffed and ready for their trip to the 
village.

"What are you doing?? You can not drag us away like this. 
Please...." one began but Rod slapped her mouth shut and said,

"When you get there I may personally have him drag you over a 
patch of cactus to show you we can drag you anywhere we want. NOW 
SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GO WHERE WE WANT. GOT IT!!!"

The naked women shut up and could not believe their position. 
They were like a shipment of slaves ready for transport. What had 
they done wrong.

Charlie hopped on his cycle and kicked it into life. With a roar 
and a blast of sand the line of females stumbled along behind the 
modern day indian as his captives. Fred secured their car and 
prepared it for transport to their garage. 

"Another nice new vehicle for the tribe. Yes the great Spirit of 
the Clouds is good to his people now." Fred thought. "With a 
little help from the federal law courts."

He shielded his eyes and saw the line of new slaves disappearing 
over the hill. He hopped he could get back to the village before 
they was all spoken for this time. Last times he had to take 
sloppy seconds and wait till someone tired of the white pussy 
before he got to dip his wick....

    **********************************************

Ginny stumbled and almost fell down. The sweat rolled off her and 
the dam bastard kept the chain pulling as they tried to keep from 
being pulling along and choking the other girls. Her feet hurt, 
and she was getting sun burned in places that had never seen the 
sun.

What was this ahead of her. A mirage?? or what??? No it was a 
village with a small brick building in the center of what looked 
like conical tents. Just like in the old cowboy movies. Surely he 
would not bring then there. Someone would object. They would free 
them and they would put these scum in jail. Just a little further 
and these bastards would get their just deserts.

At the outskirts of the village the rider began to blow his horn 
and the tent flaps were thrown back. Maybe fifty or so people 
turned out and the children and dogs rushed forward to see what 
the commotion was. Most just stared. The females resented the
new slaves now the men would just party more and neglect them.

Ginny was embarrassed at her nudity but surely these people would 
release her and the others. Then she would punish these bastards 
for this outrage. A small dog nipped at her heal and she kicked 
at it. It yelped and ran back to the safety of the crowd.

A small girl, the dogs owner, picked up a rock and hurled it at 
Ginny with her full force. Ginny caught the rock full on her left 
tit.

It stung and Ginny sought to dodge the hurt and fell down. This 
brought the whole line down in the dirt by the center of the 
camp. The chain dragged then a few feet before Charlie noticed 
the added pull and stopped the cycle.

"Stupid tangle footed whores." he said as he dismounted his cycle 
and went back to inspect his slaves. He dragged one up by the 
hair and this caused the rest to stumble to their feet.

An old red man with a feathered bonnet approached the group. From 
his robes, his gate, and the way the people backed away from him, 
he was clearly a person of authority.

"What have we here Charlie?" the weathered red faced man asked.

"A group of traveling whores, Wise One, here to entice our 
younger Braves from the way of the Cloud Dance." Charlie said.

"That is a damn lie.. This excuse for a man has terrorized us and 
took our clothes. Let us have some clothes and we will press 
charges against him and the others." Ginny shouted.

The others started to chime in and corroborate Ginnys story. The 
voices seemed to run together and only stopped when the weathered 
old man raised his hand.

"It is plain to see that these white whores do not know their 
place, Charlie. Perhaps some times with the industrious ones will 
show them the error of their ways. Bring them to the ones to the 
north." with that he turned on the shrieking women and walked 
away without a backward glance.

"Now you have done it" Charlie said. He went to his cycle and 
started it. He led the naked troop up the little hill north of 
the village. The crowd followed, and when the reached a small 
valley their were stakes driven into the ground in two rows.

The young braves forced the women to the stakes and made them 
kneel. They tied their knees to the stakes about a foot apart.
Then securing their necks to another stake in front of the row 
holding their knees, thus forcing their faces to the dirt. Their 
hands remained cuffed behind their bent backs.

Much pawing of their privates resulted from their positions and 
added to the general horror of the situation. They were then left 
to the capable hands of Charlie, who inspected their bindings 
and waited.

Soon over the hill came the little girl with a big jar.

"Chief said to use this so the industrious ones could feast." the 
little girl said she then went to Ginny and slapped her ass. "Bad 
whore for kicking my puppy." The little girl turned and walked 
over the hill to the village.

Charlie took the jar and smiled.

"Yes sir! You really pissed the Wise One off. This is real Bee 
Honey. I bet in a few hours you whores will admit your guilt and 
beg for tribal justice. If not their is always the hill out 
east." Then he started to smear the honey on the cunts and asses 
of the captives. He paid particular attention to the insides of 
the cunts and asses holes. Then he made a trail up the inner legs 
of each woman. Charlie went to the other side of the stakes and 
coated their facial cheeks and foreheads.

Charlie went to the shade of the rocks to wait for the results.

"Oh yea! I think you know but in case you don't the industrious 
ones are in your language ANTS." Charlie taunted them form his 
cool position. "These are bad but out east we have some red fire 
ants. Just so's you know that this can be over soon or we can do 
this all day tomorrow."

Barbra began to scream as a couple of the ants started on her 
face using her long hair as a highway to get there.

Other scouts found Franciss leg trail and were soon crawling in 
her formally secrete places. She too screamed and tried to buck 
them off but the stakes and ropes held. 

Soon all the women were screaming and begging to do anything that 
was required to make the ants stop. The honeyed places turned 
from yellow to black as the swarm concentrated at the sweet feast 
laid out for them. All the while the sun roosted their backs and 
exposed ass cheeks where the ants did not cover them.

Fred and Mikie came out to spell Charlie.

"Brought you a cooler of beer and some ear plugs to while away 
the time." Fred said.

"Well ain't that nice of you. Don't you go getting any ideas on 
that blond with the freckles. I want her for my lodge if the damn 
ants don't eat all the meat offen her." Charlie said.

"Oh now Charlie you done had the last one and I got the leavings. 
Gime this un and you take the black haired bitch. She got bigger 
tits and she screams nice. I bet she puts her whole self in the 
fucking tonight... or in not then, then next day after the red 
ants. Them suckers really do a job they do, but you have to wait 
a few days for them." Fred argued.

"What you mean Fred?" Charlie asked.

"Well I's bringing the van in and this fellow come by and asked 
after the whores. So I told him to follow me to the village. When 
we got there you'll had gone and he tried to tell off the Wise 
One and got real abusive he did. Threatened all sorts of things 
so Rod and Mikie and me took him there to see the light." Fred 
answered.

"Yep he was a real hand full till we skinned off his fancy city 
duds and staked him out. Used lots of bacon grease on his dick 
and balls and left him face up for today. Guess if he makes it 
today it will be face down with the family jewels in the hill 
tomorrow. Don't think he'll be much of a man after that. Nice car 
though, and a whole wad of money." Fred added.

"If I was after white mans money I do it better than that." 
Charlie answered and drained his beer. "Seem to you they's 
losing volume? Guess it is time for the tits. If the industrious 
ones eat the tits off the blond, I'll trade you for the black 
haired one." Charlie sighed as he reluctantly rose and left the 
cool shade with the gar of honey to coat the tits of his charges.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

If you are immature, underaged of offended by such, go on to the 
next posting.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=



                    The Hunting Party #4
                       By Paladin

They could not do this to him. He was John Wane. He was a school 
administrator. His father had been an Indian agent to these 
people. He had been tough on them. Had to be or they would be 
heathens today. Worshipping Clouds indeed.

The ants were crawling over his denuded body before but then that 
dam red buck had put something on his dick and balls. Now they 
were ..........

"OOOOOOOOOOAAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH" he screamed as the ants began to 
bite and tear the flesh to get at the sticky grease and in the 
process they felt the threatening vibrations so they began to 
sting him over and over. Their poison, intended to subdue their 
victim had the opposite effect. John Wane thrashed about trying 
to move away from the biting / stinging creature. His agony 
increased but he could not stop.

Rod stood over him and said, "So you old man was the one that 
swindled us out of the oil lease money. I bet he even had the 
old chief done in. Well what goes around comes around. Now all 
that money and all that politics going to end here on the land 
where it all started. But I hope you don't mind if I put my sock 
in your mouth. The others were supposed to go get me the ear 
plugs but well I bet they over there north aways with the troop 
of whores you lied about." Rod said as he knelt down and stuffed 
the dirty well worn sock into the screaming mans open mouth.

"Sure is a hot day for this." Rod thought. "Hope them fools bring 
me some of the cold beer. Soon! Elsewise I have to go get me some 
myself.... No the Wise One don't like leaving these white eyes 
unattended during the beginning of their sacrifice."

Rod then went to the shady place and assured that their were no 
ants where he sat down. Them ants were bad up north but these 
red'uns was plumb viscous. He set his watch alarm for 1 hour so 
that he could take the bacon grease to the school administrators 
face. Yes sir that was unlucky for him to happen on this tribe. 
His daddy had really done the Wise Ones father in and stole the 
tribes money. Well Maybe they could get a little of their 
suffering made up by the son. The way the chiefs face lit up at 
this fools name I bet I get stuck here for week till their ain't 
nothing left but white bones. These suckers shore do a job on 
anything in their path. Good thing they kept them here and fed 
then their garbage to stay here.

         ****************************************

The crawling ants seem to cover her precious tits. Barbra had 
always feared crawly things, now she was covered with them. She 
felt she would lose her mind if they did not stop them. She had 
welcomed the bastard when he came with the 'water' but it was 
salted and then he coated her tits. Now she could see them 
working over her dangling orbs and feel each little bite. This 
had to stop.......

Ginny felt the little bastards working their way inside her 
vaginal cavity. They must be hundreds of them walking over her 
insides. She bucked (as much as the ropes allowed) but if she 
discouraged any a hundred took their places. She had never felt 
such itching and scratching and biting. If the Indian came again 
she would drink his piss as he had asked her the last time. She 
would...... 

Charlie walked over to the little blond and the freckles were now 
almost all blended into the redness of her hide. He looked around 
to see if he was being observed. No one in sight. He reached into 
his pocket and got out the KY jelly. He used a wet rag with 
vinegar first to clear away the ants in her slit. Then he used 
clean water to wash away the vinegar. No sense in his suffering, 
and his dick was very important to him. (He neglected hers slit 
the last time he sweetened the others.) He knelt behind the 
delirious blond and applied a thick gob of jelly to his intended 
target. then as an after thought he lubbed the brown / blackening 
little bud of her ass too. Yes sir He was going to have a time 
with this bitch. Soon she would be all his.

Nervously he looked about and made sure that no one saw his 
partaking of the gift of the Cloud Spirit. He dropped his pants 
over his boots, cleaned off the area of ants with vinegar and 
knelt behind the swaying sex that soon would be his. He was soo 
hard he had trouble getting his spear out of his underwear. 

"Yes sir this was some fine pussy and soon it would be all his.."

He slipped it to her and she grunted. She shifted her ass to
accommodate his red snake and tried to make sense. What was this???

Charlie went right to the task at hand. He wasn't going to wait 
till tonight and have to share he would...... AHHH AHHH AHH.... 

"Now that was good Now just wait a while and I'll do you he 
promised the blackening neither hole. Yes sir. This was boring 
duty but somebody had to...."

Charlie stood up and was wiping the grease off when he heard, 
"The Wise One wouldn't like to know that you did that." a small 
voice said.

Charlie whirled around and was twisted in his boots and jeans. He 
fell down with his dick in his hand and as he struggled to get up 
the little girl was there watching his embarrassment.

"Little Dove what do you want out here anyway. You should back in 
the village doing woman things not here." Charlie tried to 
bluster his way out of a tough spot. If she talked the white man 
might just have company over east. 

"I saw what you did!! And I want you to let me use your slave 
when they give them out. Else I tell and you are for it Mr. 
Charlie Two Shirts." Little Dove demanded.

"What do you want with a white squaw. I mean you are a girl. You 
don't kneed a squaw." Charlie continued to try to talk himself 
out of a tough situation. 

"I want to see what they feel like and am curious as to how to 
fix that one who kicked my dog." came the answer. "Now do we have 
a deal of do I just run to the Wise One right now?"

"OK OK You got it. You can play with this one when I get her." 
Charlie answered.

"NO! I want the black haired bitch. She kicked my puppy and I am 
going to make her regret it till her last minutes." Little Dove 
said with the determination of a young child. No logic. No sense. 
Just stubbornness.

"Aw Ge I had my heart set on this'n here." Charlie began and 
stopped immediately as Little Dove screamed.

"AAAAA AAAAA AAAAAA....." 

Charlie reached over and covered her mouth with his hand.

"ALL RIGHT.... ALL RIGHT....I'll ask for the black haired bitch. 
Now get out of here before I change my mind and strangle you 
right here." Charlie said as she stopped screaming and smiled a 
bright smile.

"The Wise One sent me with this jar of Jalapeno Sauce for their 
love buttons. He is really mad that they work with the former 
Indian agents son and he wants this applied to their slits every 
few minutes. Since we have a deal I want to see how it works on 
the bitch and your going to let me.... Aren't you Charlie..... 
Aren't you...." Little Dove said with that cute little girl 
smile.

What could he do she had caught him with his pants down and he 
had to let her in on the game. Maybe it wouldn't be soo bad. Once 
he got rid of her he could attend to that greased ass hole.

Charlie shrugged and the little girl with drew the brush from the 
sauce and applied it to the targeted cunt. The ants left the area 
immediately and the cunts owner began to scream like the girls 
hand had wielded a red hot knife.

The little girl jumped in delight and moved on to the little 
blond and when Charlie grabbed her hand she looked into his face 
and said,

"Remember Charlie I could tell, besides, I have to leave soon and 
you have all after noon."

Charlie reneged and let her do the initial peppering of the clits 
but he had to get more water, He didn't want that hot pepper sauce 
on his privates. No sir. Not with his dick...

Little Dove vigorously applied the pepper sauce to the girls love 
button and was delighted at the results. then as the reactions 
slowed she lost interest. She would have more fun with the black 
haired bitch when the whores were given out and Charlie shared 
her. Her habit of observing her elders had paid off again. She 
had a good mind and someday she would be medicine woman and 
then... well it didn't pay to think too far ahead in this place 
but she was destined for greater things.

Charlie was scared and pissed and...... Now he'd have to give up 
the little freckley titted bitch and take the black haired bitch. 
Little Dove was a witch. That was sure. She was all ways there to 
catch him or someone else in an indiscretion. She was the most 
feared person in the tribe.... Except for the Wise One.... but 
sometimes he had seen her even change his mind.

"Yep she is really a witch, just like the songs of the Cloud 
Spirit speak of. She has powers over us mear mortals. What did 
she want to do with this black haired one?" Charlie spoke out 
loud to the rocks. He drained his beer and pored off the water 
from the melted ice to cleanse the little blond. "Better get to 
her. I know Fred! He going to keep her legs rapped around him for 
weeks. Better get it now while its still available to me."

First he walked to the top of the hill and made sure that no one, 
including the witch, Little Dove, was with in a mile of his 
little troop of whores. No sir no one was going to catch Charley 
twice.

He hurried down the hill, not because anyone was coming but 
because of he had a monstrous hard on and that blackening 
brownie he wanted to feel clutch his dick once before he had to 
give it away. Dam that Little Dove!!! 

The Cloud Spirit was good to his people these days.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=




                      Hunting Party #5
                         by Paladin

At night on the desert it became too cold for the industrious ones 
and they left their meals of honey and flesh. The girls then had 
to contend with the pepper sauce and the cold. The torment went 
on and on. No sleep was had that night.

The next morning, at sun up Fred, locked them back on the chain 
and brought them, stumbling into the village, to be brought 
before the judge, the Wise One. 

He sat before a small fire with a squaw cooking his breakfast, in 
his warm buffalo robes. He was well rested and waiting for his 
food. He looked up from the fire and smiled at the shrivering 
white slaves.

"Fred what have you brought me here? It is too early to hold 
counsel. Bring these white whores to the corral and have 
breakfast. The squaw will gladly make you some." the Wise One 
said.

The girls were soo delirious and hungry that they offered no 
resistance when Fred lead them to the barbed wire enclosure 
behind the brick building. They meekly entered and were unhooked 
from the chain and left to smell the cooking food. The cold was 
intense and each had judged for herself to be what was required 
of her. 

Fred returned to the fire for his breakfast. Rod and Charlie 
sauntered into camp and went to the fire for their morning coffee 
and  a meeting with the chief about the days business.

Mikie was still out east with John and the red ants. They too had 
stopped their activity with the cold brought on by sunset but 
the growing heat of dawn and brought out the scouts to find if 
their was more of that grease and flesh they had dined on 
yesterday. John was still spread out with a fresh coat on his 
genitals, or what was remaining.

          **************************************

Sally, the gym teacher and the fittest of the group, saw a 
chance to get way. No one seemed to be watching them. She was 
weakened but she had seen John Wane's car behind their van. If 
she could find him she could get him to help and they would teach 
these red devils a thing or two...

"Joanne get up you lazy bitch. We are getting out of here." she 
whispered.

Joanne moaned and rolled over. "You are crazy. These bastards 
will kill you if they catch you trying to run away. I'm staying 
right here. They got to get us a phone call or something and then 
we will get them with such law suit."

"That's John's car over there. He's a big shot out here, he will 
save us. Just stay put."

"I don't believe he can or will help us." Sally exclaimed , 
"Arlene are you with me??"

"Well I guess I'll give it a try. Let's try for the van. Then we 
can get out of this mad house." Arlene said staggering after 
Sally.

They crawled under the barbed wire and left a lot of skin on the 
sharp edges. They went directly to the van and tried the doors.

BEEEEEEEEEP BEEEEEEEP BEEEEEP

The alarm went off and the frightened nude girls ran as fast as 
their wobbly legs could carry them. The remaining three looked on 
expecting the Indians to shoot the fleeing girls at any moment.

Nothing happened. Fred reached over and with the remote stopped 
the alarm.

The weathered features of the Wise One brightened. "We give then 
a hour or two start and then we go hunt um. Rod. You and Charlie 
go get the mechanical horses, after you have your coffee, of 
course. They ran west. They be on the reservation or dessert that 
way about 50 miles or so. We got about a day till the slaves get 
really tired and hungry then they be really easy meat." 

The Wise One went to the out house smiling all the way.

The Cloud Spirit was sure good to his people now. Giv um squaws. 
Giv un enemy to our hand, and Now giv um hunt for diversion. The 
sun spirit gave a bright new day. His old body felt invigorated at 
the tribes new prospects.

When he was out of hearing Charlie said, "Why can't he just say 
cycles like everyone else? I mean he knows their ain't no more 
horses here."

"You better hole that kind of talk Charlie. He is the Chief and 
the Judge here-a-bouts and If'n he wants to, he can call um 
whatever he wants, and that's what they is. Now let's go get 
those 'horses'" Rod corrected Charlie.

        *******************************************

Sally and Arlene tried to make the most distance between them and 
the situation behind them. Their feet were sore from the broken 
ground and stones. Their tits were sore from the flopping motion 
of the running without a bra. (Both girls were large breasted) 
Their crotches were sore from the previous days attention of the 
ants and the pepper sauce. Then the suns rays began to sap their 
strength. From the swift run that they started with they were now 
down to a staggering gate that would get them to safety in a 
hundred years of so...

RUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM RUMMMMMMMMMMM 

In the distance the girls heard the cycles coming from the 
village. 

The bastards were coming and on motorcycles!!!

The girls picked up the pace and started to run. It was no 
contest. Soon the braves were circling the running girls and the 
Wise One reached out with his cue stick and slapped a now red 
female ass at will.

Charlie and Rod were also reaching out and touching the panicked 
women with cattle prods. This insured they ran further and the 
Chief had his sport. It also used up the excess energy the women 
possessed. 

Soon no amount of prodding would cause the women to run. The 
girls fell down and refused to rise. repeated shocks to their 
clits only brought spasms. 

"These pussies are sure slow. The last batch got two hill 
further." Rod observed

The Wise One dismounted and was soo mad he kicked Sally in the 
but,

"You spoiled the hunt. You are a whore. Your only worth is 
between your legs." He cried

He strode over to Arlenes prostrated form and kicked her too.

"Take they to the east. We will see hoe they dance with those 
industrious ones." the Wise One proclaimed.

Roc and Charlie cuffed the women and flung them over the back of 
their 'horses' and sped to the red ant hill.

           ************************************

Mikie rose at the sound of the approaching motors and sauntered 
out of the shade.

The three riders with their female cargo approached. He made out 
the Wise One with his Feathered Bonnet. 

"Must have been just like this bout 100 years ago." Mike thought.

As they dumped their cargo Mikie rushed to help with the exhausted 
girls. 

"You'd best stand up bitch. That way they can't get at nothing 
of value." Mikie cautioned the captive girls. 

They staggered and tried to do as ordered.

"They will dance on the hill till I am tired of it.... Now" the 
Wise One ordered and the men forced the girls to the hill. Then 
the booted men positioned themselves around the hill.

The girls saw a nude male with his face and genitals covered 
with the ants and stood unsure of what to do next... "Dance??? 
What was the old buzzard talking a......"

"Aw Aw what the hell?"  Sally began. She looked down and saw the 
a couple of the red ants were on her feel. Every place their was 
one their was a fire like burning on her skin.

Arlene looked at her and then looked down... "Oh God... Let's 
get..." she began but her exit was blocked by the Wise One with 
his cue stick...

"You whores and your forefathers defied the authority of the 
Cloud Spirit before. Now you will dance to repay part of the 
debt.. If you dance real fast..... real fast you may live through 
this. Fall down and we will leave you where you fall."

"Powerful waste of good pussy Wise One." Charlie interjected.

"You are only a brave of the tribe. I am chief. I decide. You 
have other slaves in the village to take your seed." the Wise One 
answered with a stair that made Charlie winch.

So the girls screamed and danced trying to kill the little 
suckers before they were eaten up. for every one they killed 
their were thousands to take their places.

Finally, after an hour, the Wise One prononced the dancing over. 
the girls were removed from the hill and scraped with the 
skinning knives to remove the remaining red ants to their 
outsides. They swollen feet and legs guarenteeded that they would 
not try escape again.

The Wise One dismissed Mikie and Rod to take them back to the 
village and kept Charlie there for his outburst. He went over and 
pulled up a clean rock and sat by John Wayn face.

"You have your father to thank for all you have, and for this. He 
stole our lands. He stole our money. He stole the lives of our 
people with his rotten food."

"Yes he did many things for which you will pay. Do you wish to 
make amends my enemy??" the Wise One said.

"OH God yes..... Please I'll do anything...." Came from the ant 
covered face. "Please just make it stop!!"

"Charlie bring over the vinegar and get him up from here. NOW!" 
the Wise One ordered.

           **********************************

Little Dove was pleased. The black haired bitch had stayed 
behind. That showed that she was probably broken already. 

Then Rod, Mikie, and Fred came into the village with the 
blistered escapees. These were very sorry bitches. Their swollen 
feet would keep them from running for a long time. They crawled 
into the corral and just laid there.

The other three tried to help the two infirmed ones but well 
their wasn't much to be done. They would be a healing poltis or 
two and some time to promote the healing. Time was the big 
healer. Given enough time anything healed... almost!

Little Dove went to the smoldering breakfast fire and stoked it 
up. She wanted it all to be in readiness for the Wise Ones 
return. She went to the Wise Ones teepee and got out the iron 
symbol of the tribe. She brought it to the now reviving fire and 
carefully added more fuel.

She wanted all to be in readiness for the sentence of the Wise 
Ones Court. 

With the Nes Pava the verdict was a pregone conclusion. these 
whores would be....
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=




                 The Hunting Party #6
                    by Paladin
 Charlie and the Wise One removed John from the hill. They had a 
time removing the red ants. Little suckers really liked the white 
meat.

The Wise One helped Charlie secure the now delirious John over 
the rear of Charlies cycle.

"Bring um to the jail. I will go to the Black Mountain to consult 
the Cloud Spirit to hear his fate.



Though he thought it, Charlie knew he would do anything this old 
man said. The old man was the Chief. He had the feathered bonnet. 
He also had a Degree in Law and more white mans learning any 
Indian ever and that had made this all possible. He might be 
crazy crazy like the coyote that had taken on the overwhelming 
whites and won where old Sitting Bull and Gerenemo had failed. 

The Wise One was the sovern authority of this place and NOONE 
would challenge him in this, his domain. 

Grumbling under his breath Charlie mounted his burdened cycle and 
drove off to jail with this miserable white skinned fool. The 
Wise One went to the Black Mountain.

       ***********************************

"What do you think they will do to us? We did not do anything." 
Emily asked. 

"It is obvious. They are going to hold us for some kind of 
ransom. I bet that John Wane is behind this." Ginny answered.
"He tried a pass and I shut him down quick. I bet he is in 
cahoots with these fuckers. I mean there is his car and where is 
he?" She openly scratched her cunt. Was their some of the ants 
still in there?

Just then a motorcycle rode up with a white bundle tied to the 
rear cargo carrier. It went behind the brick building and they 
lost sight of it. The motor died and all was still.

"Oh look that cute little girl is cooking something. I sure hope 
it is for us. They have to feed us since we got here." Ginny said.

"OH YO HO Little girl..... Please come help us."

Little Dove turned and starred at the stupid white skinned 
whores. The black haired bitch was trying to make friends. Little 
did she know the feelings of the 'cute little girl'....

"What you want... WHORE.." Little Dove asked, a frown on her tiny 
face.

"Please we are not whores. We are teachers. Those bad men captured 
us and took our clothes. Please help us!" Ginny pleaded.

"What bad men?" Little Dove asked, still with a sullen 
expression, turning the tribe symbol over in the fire.

"Why that one over there." Ginny said pointed to Rod by the 
teepee.

"That my Uncle, one of the tribal police, a council member. He 
respected person with the tribe.. Him say you WHORE you WHORE." 
Little Dove proclaimed turning back to the fire stirring the now 
red hot iron emblem. 

          ***************************************

"Where did the Wise One go Charlie?" Fred asked, "I want to get 
down to the choosing of these whores. I still want me that little 
blond bitch use to have freckles. Sun done redden her hide 
enough she could be one of us. wonder if the industrious ones ate 
then freckles clean offen her?"

"Yea well you can have her. I'll take the black haired bitch. Got 
more meat on her bones." Charlie said, "Wise un went to the Black 
Mountain to have a vision. Probably do a little magic mushrooms 
probably be a week or more. You know how he is bout that Cloud 
Dance spirit stuff."

If he had to give up the blond bitch with the freckled tits and 
ass he was going to try and make Fred squirm. 

"Na don't tell me we gots to wait for that. Man I got me a hardon 
won't quit for that cute little ass." Fred said. His shorts 
suddenly had become twisted when he heard Charlie would not 
oppose his choice, so he stood and straightened his jeans. It did 
little good. His little red man just would not go down at the 
thought of the freckles and all being totally his'n.

"Wait a minute. Charlie. Did you sample the whore while you were 
tending to um down by the ant hill??" Fred asked suspiciously.

"Now Fred you know that would be very bad medicine.... Especially 
if the Wise Un caught me...." Charlie replied cautiously.

"You dirty dog, Charlie. Did you do um all..." Fred asked 
anxiously. "I bet you planted in um all."

"Yea Charlie," Mikie asked "Which un is the best. I mean I wanted 
the short haired 'butch' un but if you say the 'pervert' is 
better I'll ask for her."

"Now Now braves... we is all honorable braves here ain't we? and 
I give you my word that..... Ain't none of um worth the sweat off 
my balls." Charlie answered, and his balls were sweating.

"Well I can't prove it so I'll let it pass this time but if the 
Wise Un even thinks you done um before he says so...He feed your 
balls to the dogs. So step lightly there Charlie." Rod said. He 
ment every word. Tribal law was absolute, and the Wise One was 
the only arbitrator. He was not known for his leniency. 

Truly Charlies Balls were on the line here.

Charlie gaised into the fire. He did not meet Rods eyes, but when 
he saw Little Dove and she smiled at him, he felt a hand close 
over his heart. 

Ain't it all ways the way. What troubles a man gets into for a 
little pussy??? Just trying to relieve a stiff boner and look 
what trouble it got him in. 

The sun was high sinking west when the Wise One returned to camp. 
His pupils dilated like the dark of night. 

"Braves I think the white man will help us return to the glorious 
past. I have had a vision of a great place here where the white 
eyes come to pleasure themselves. We will make a great village
beside the Black Mountain. The white folks will come and stay in 
small lodges like ours to pleasure themselves. Then we will 
charge then for all things we will provide by the mountain. The 
tribe will grow rich again and buy back our tribal lands. I have 
seen it all. We will gather their squaws and their money with 
this village. their fire water, gambling and white whores like 
these. It will be glorious!!!" The Wise one proclaimed.

"Now bring me these whores for judgment."

Rod and Fred rushed to the fenced in area and drove the naked 
hurting captives to the center of the village, with their clubs.

"You have been doing bad things on our lands. You have with 
these," the Wise One said gripping Emily's cunt, "Causing us to 
lose our lands. These have been used against us so they will now 
work for us now and forever more. We will mark you so that all 
will know of your whoredom and treat you as what you are. Does 
any of you have any defense? Speak before I pass Judgment." The 
verdict was predetermined. He had known it when he saw their soft 
white bodies. Another tribe asset.

After the ants, the cold night, the day in the sun with no food 
and water, none of the women would speak. They were convinced 
that answering back would bring on the red ants. Two of their 
number had already 'dance' with them. Better to keep silent, they 
thought. When they got out of this......

"So be it!" the Wise One said with a wave of his hand and he 
walked away to the jail to see if John had survived his rest 
period to get the power of attorney that would give the tribe 
the money to build the resort. After all it was money the whites 
stole from them. What better use could it be put to??

Almost as an after thought he called back over his shoulder, 
"Mark them and take one each, My braves. No fighting. Their will 
be more when the Cloud Spirit sees fit to send them."

The girls were taken to the fire tended by Little Dove and then 
tied to stakes similar to the ones at the ant hill. Little Dove, 
with a pair of pliers removed the now white hot tribal symbol and 
rushed to place it on 'her' shrieking new slave. She carefully 
positioned it between the ass cheeks of Ginny . Charlie was there 
yawing the cheeks wide open. When Little Dove nodded her head 
Charlie closed the captive ass cheeks on the soon unconscious, 
unfortunate former teacher.

Thus a tribal slave / whore was made. She would be Charlies, as 
he held her open for her marking, (and Little Doves too) for the 
rest of her life. She would carry in her vitals the mark of 
tribal ownership to the grave. Not to mention the current painful 
period of adjustment when ever she went to the out house.

Little Dove smiled at the rising smoke and the sizzling. The 
thinks she would do to this white whore.... Little Dove 
experienced a tightening in her virginal cunt. Her own whore. 
Sure she had to share with Charlie but men... They went at it all
wrong. Ram like buffalo. Grunt like pig and  one squirt and done.
She smiled from ear to ear. The things she would do to 'her whore'...

The other girls were similarly marked, and their was much festing 
and celebrating about their coming wealth. The Old One had 
spoken. 

An orgy broke out, much to the discomfort of the new slaves. They 
were slaves though and their lot would be to serve in all ways. 
The Cloud Spirit had spoken through the Wise One. Noone could 
oppose that.

He emerged from the Jail and called. "Rod, Fred. Come here we have 
another slave that wants to make amends for past sins. Little 
Dove heat the symbol up again."

They rushed to bring John Wane over to the stakes recently 
vacated by Ginny and he too became a slave of the tribe. He did 
not scream as much as the girls as his time with the red ants 
seemed to have weakened his voice. His adjustment would be just 
as painful, but this too was the Cloud Spirits will.

Yes the tribe kept John alive to sign papers. They let him live 
in the jail, so he would not hurt himself. When ever he started 
to assert his old self a bottle or red ants was brought. The 
mear sight quickly brought any out burst to an end.

Little Dove took charge of Ginny and dragged her behind her 
mechanical pony (motor scooter to yous) though a cactus patch, 
to assure that the white squaw had the proper attitude.

Charlie had to fix the tires after that but it made Little Dove 
happy and Charlie had to keep the little bitch happy.

She liked to keep Ginny naked and on her knees to service the 
little developing pussy at all times of the day or night.

Truly, the Cloud Spirit was smiling on his people in these days.....

The End........

For Now...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





