BDSM Library - Mercy!




Mercy!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college girl unwittingly becomes enslaved by her professor and his close buddies.
                                  MERCY!!! 

                                  VOLUME 1



CHAPTER 1


It was the first day of my second semester at Uni.

Sterling University was not really the kind of place where legends of times 
past took eminence over the here and the now.  It is a young university, 
having been established in 1971.  I was in my second semester of the Bachelor 
of Business programme.

I looked in the mirror.  I liked what I saw.  I was wearing a white lace bra 
and matching g-string.  I was good looking, and knew it.  I had a fabulous 
figure and it showed.  The hours of hard work at the gym and the almost 
obsessive concentration on healthy food had been worth it.  While my mother 
thought I was going mad, I had envisioned myself exactly like this this and 
had worked towards it.  My mind drifted back to the mirror.  I had just had a 
shower and was getting ready for my morning class.  The white Warner lace bra 
was a 34D.  It was almost exquisite, the way the lace looked against my fair 
skin.  My breasts were firm and fitted perfectly into the D cup.  The bra was 
just perfect.  I could see the dark pink of my small nipples through the lace 
and I reached to my left nipple and gave it a little tweak.  It sprang to 
life sending shivers down my spine.  I breathed in at the delicious sensation 
and looked at the erect nipple struggling through the tight lace bra.  "This 
bra is quite skimpy really," I thought to myself.

I looked at the matching g-string and the way it hugged my slender waist 
line.  I had a 24 inch waist and with great amounts of sweating and working 
out I was now a 34 in the hips.  "Trisha, you have done well," I said to 
myself as I turned around looking at my perfectly toned, yet soft and supple 
bottom.  I looked at the front of my g-string.  I could clearly see the patch 
of dark pubic hair through the lace.  I rolled my eyes proudly and turned 
around.

I picked up the white tank top lying on my bed and pulled it over my head and 
slipped on a pair of denim shorts.  I pulled my hair back in a tight pony and 
looked at myself again.  I have dark eyes and dark hair.  This contrasts 
vibrantly with my fair skin and I am proud of it.  I have a very attractive 
face and full lips.  I seductively pouted at myself in the mirror as I 
applied some lipstick.  I picked up my knapsack and left the room.

It was 8:30 in the morning and the temperature was already around 29 
degrees.  I came into the kitchen to find my mother making breakfast for dad 
and Jake, my older brother, who worked with dad in his distribution 
business.  "Yo, Sis," Jake remarked looking at me.  I plonked my knapsack on 
the chair in the dining room and said, "Hey, Trina left for school yet?  
Thought she may need a lift."  Catherine was my little sister.  15 years old 
this year she was a striking looking young lady.  She had dark hair and eyes 
like mine and was built much the same, only more delicate and slender.  She 
had a figure I always envied and she didn't even have to work for it.

My first class was at 10:00am and I parked my Ford Telstar in the general 
parking lot and went through the new Lecture theatre construction site.  It 
was hot and sticky.  Already I was sweaty and hot.  I walked onto the main 
walkway and came upon a sea of people.  I was greeted by 'Hi's and 'Hello's 
from people I knew and some I had no idea I knew.  I passed by Ricky and his 
cronies and turned away as they made cat calls and whistled.  This was no 
great deal.  Ricky was a rich spoiled brat and he and his two mates, Jason 
and Rob were notorious for making trouble.  I avoided them like the plague, 
as did most of the girls.

I sat through the classes, one after the other and changed groups from one 
lot to the other depending on who was in which class.  I did not have any 
affairs at this stage, having just broken up with Mark.  Mark was a great guy 
and there was nothing wrong with him.  Yet, there was something about him 
that I just could not stand.  He was too proper, too sanitised, too perfect.  
I needed a little more from my relationship.  Something exciting.  Some 
danger!  I smiled as I thought about this.  Shaking my head I decided to not 
pursue this line of thought and got back to the Marketing lecture.

It was my last class of the day and I was sitting in the caff, sipping a 
coffee with Belinda and Jenn.  I had not signed on for my last tutorial in 
Business Communications with Mr. Wallace.  I had to see him and was waiting 
for him to arrive.  His tute was the last of the day and started at 7:00 pm.  
I needed to request him to take me into his tute, as the other tute clashed 
with my Finance class.

I saw Mike Wallace walk towards his office from the caff.  I got up and made 
a beeline for him.  He was a sharp, almost hard looking man.  Most people 
termed him a sleazy bastard as he was not one to let you get away with 
mistakes.  He also had a reputation for his uncompromising nature.  I walked 
up to him and said, "Mr. Wallace, may I speak with you?"  He stopped and 
looked at me in a rather unwelcome way.  I started to explain my situation to 
him.  I was living with my parents and was on a fully funded scholarship to 
Sterling.  As part of this scholarship I was required to take on a full 
semester workload of 5 subjects.  So far I was fully enrolled for four and 
needed to take his tute to make my enrollment in the last complete.

I then explained that I was working at MLC as a marketing analyst for four 
days in the week and that was the only way I was going to be able to stay at 
uni, having to live on my own finances.  My work commitment required me to 
cram four of the five subjects into one day and I had erroneously forgotten 
to enrol for his night tute.

He looked at me as I spoke to him in a distant, demeaning manner.  "Sorry 
young lady, my tute is full."  He was curt and short.  I walked with him.  I 
pleaded with him, explaining that if I failed to be enrolled, I would loose 
my scholarship and my job as a result of the fallout.  My job was conditional 
to my continuing my degree and successfully completing it.  If I lost the 
scholarship, I would not have the job and would loose, probably the biggest 
career opportunity of my life.  While most of my peers were taking it easy, I 
was on the road to a brilliant career with a huge multinational.  Such an 
event as loosing my scholarship would obliterate any chances of my ever 
contemplating a solid career.

He stopped as he reached his office.  He looked me up and down and I shifted 
as he dwelt on my bare midriff, my firm breasts and eventually my eyes.  
"Young lady, your problems are not mine and I don't care.  However, if you 
can prove to me that you have the qualities to deserve this scholarship that 
you are on, I will give you a place in my tute.  I would like you to submit 
an assignment to me tomorrow titled, 'The Role of Interpersonal Communication 
in Business'.  If that is of any value, I will give you a place."  I smiled, 
I knew that I'd blitz this assignment.  I'll drop it into your office 
tomorrow night Mr. Wallace, thank you."  I walked to my car and knew I would 
have to burn the midnight oil.

I got home sometime past 10:00 pm.  I had gone to the gym straight after uni.  
I liked going to the gym.  There was something about the gym that I found 
compulsive.  I was probably the way you sweat and strain while you work out.  
I was proud of my body and was proud of the way I got myself in shape, also 
proud, I guess, of the way people looked at me.  I may not be stunning 
looking in a classical sort of way but I knew that I had a very strong effect 
on people.  Mark always told me that there was this sensuous quality about 
me.  A quality that he couldn't define.

In my heart, however, there was another reason I went to the gym so often.  I 
have, for some reason, from a very early age, found great pleasure in 
physical work.  I loved to sweat, to be physical in a raw sort of way.  It 
was very early in my life that I realised that I found things appealing that 
not everyone spoke about.  As a kid, I would love to play the part of the 
queen or princess who was captured and tortured.

I remember when I was 12, I realised that I loved to read stories and comics 
in which the heroine was captured, kidnapped or tied up.  I started 
masturbating very early and often read stories or thought about things like 
being tied up and tormented.  I would consciously look for these themes in 
the stories I read.  From 13 I started noticing the hair growth on my body.  
I started shaving my underarms and legs and using a deodorant.  Sometimes, I 
would not realise it, but I would go through a day when I forgot to put on my 
deodorant and after a game of netball, I would take off my clothes and smell 
my own sweat.  I found this a great turn on.  I would raise my arms above my 
head and smell my armpits and found myself getting hot as hell.  Raising my 
arms above my head made me feel vulnerable and ashamed.  I found that the 
more shame I felt, the more horny I got.  This made me want to experiment 
with my own body smells.  I would take off my panties in the bathroom and 
smell them.  I somehow knew that this was not the norm and hid my feelings 
with a passion.

As time passed, I found these feelings getting stronger and stronger.  When I 
joined the gym, I found that the sweating turned me on.  As I grew, I started 
to experiment with things.  I would use scarves, string, rope, anything I 
could find to tie myself up with.  I would lock myself in my room and pretend 
to be tied in various poses and then masturbate.  With my feet tied together, 
with hand-cuffs on my wrists, and a gag in my mouth.  Any way I could make 
myself live my fantasies.  I frequently fantasised about being tied up and 
being tormented.  Sometimes, I would go days without touching myself and then 
would ceremoniously masturbate while I fantasised that I was being kidnapped 
and tormented.

I was still very young when I saw a film called Lipstick.  The brutal rape 
scene in the movie made me so hot and excited that I was almost afraid of my 
feelings.  I masturbated days on end fantasising about being tormented like 
the heroine in the movie.  It was then that I realised that my breasts were 
my favourite genitalia.  I loved to play with my nipples.  I would gently 
touch them and the touching sent shivers through my body.  I would then 
suddenly pinch them and I would groan every time.

I snapped out of my thoughts and said aloud as I took off my tank top, "if my 
mother ever finds out about this she will kill me!"  I slipped off my shorts 
and looked at myself in the mirror again.  I was horny as hell.  I had now 
gone two weeks without pleasuring myself.  I craved to touch myself.  To feel 
my own body.  To play with myself.  However, I abstained, knowing that this 
was a way of keeping myself in a state of sexual hunger and the reward, when 
I will ultimately make myself come, will be absolute dynamite.

I took off my bra and looked at my full perfect breasts.  My nipples were 
erect with my thoughts and I sighed as I pulled on a loose T-shirt and 
comfortable shorts.  I had always kept my fantasies and my feelings very 
secret.  I flicked on the computer in my room, and as it whirred at life.  I 
thought that the only way that I could vent to my feelings was through the 
log of my sexual desires that I maintained on an encripted collection of 
disks.  I was tempted to have a read of what I had written last.  I slipped a 
disk in and opened the file.  It came on the screen.  It was an essay on my 
sexual cravings.  Cravings that I knew were forbidden and dark.  It spoke 
about my deep desires to be sexually molested and about how I experimented 
with myself as a child!  I looked at the clock.  It was past 11:30 pm and I 
was getting tired.  I flicked the floppy out and opened Microsoft Word up.  I 
started typing in my assignment.

It must have been past 2:00 am when I finished.  I rubbed my eyes and 
stretched.  I copied the assignment onto a floppy and threw it on the side.  
Next I picked up an envelope and wrote a note:

  "Dear Mr. Wallace, 
     I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your interest 
   in my performance.  Enclosed, please find a draft assignment that I have 
   specially prepared for you.
     
     I would be obliged if you could provide me with feedback and comments 
   on the same.  I will be in touch with you to see if we could implement 
   some of the suggestions and concepts that I have raised in the assignment 
   in real case studies.
     
     I will contact you in a couple of days for your comments and hopefully 
   favourable action.
   
   Yours faithfully, 
   Trisha Spencer."

I placed the floppy with the note in an envelope and licked the flap as I 
sealed it.  I would drop it off to uni in the morning on my way to work.



CHAPTER 2


I was at work all day and came home at around 5:00 pm.  Trina was sitting in 
front of the Television.  She looked pretty in whatever she wore.  She had on 
a loose white T-shirt and surf shorts.  Her black bra was visible through the 
white and she looked very good.  I had a seminar to attend to today at work 
and so, had worn a very formal business suit.  I was dying to get out of it.  
I had on a fawn coloured short jacket and short, figure hugging, skirt.  I 
also had on an off white transparent shirt and in keeping with the latest 
trends, I had on skin coloured satin bra and matching satin panties.  They 
were from the new nude collection from Elle, and were very sexy.  I finished 
the appearance with nude thigh high stockings and dark brown high heeled 
shoes.  "Hey Trina," I said.  She looked worried.  "Some Mr. Wallace called 
for you Sis," she said, "said that it was very urgent that you call him 
immediately."  I hoped that the assignment was all right.  I looked at the 
wall clock and said, "I hope he is in the office," as I dialled his number 
from my Uni diary.

I pulled into the metered parking lot at 5:40 pm and put 1 dollar into the 
parking meter.  I was not likely to be here more than half an hour, I thought 
to myself as I walked towards Mr. Wallace's office.  The campus was deserted 
and quiet.  I had not had the chance to change.  I was still in my business 
suit and thought this would make a strong impression.  I had only washed my 
face and touched up my makeup.  Mr. Wallace had insisted that I come and see 
him straight away.  He said that he had to discuss something with me and that 
it couldn't wait.  I asked him if the assignment was all right.  He said it 
was better than he expected and that was what he wanted to see me about.

I took a breath before knocking at his office door.  The whole corridor was 
deserted.  There was no response.  I knocked again.  "Come in." was a curt 
and short response.  I turned the doorknob and stepped inside.  Mr. Wallace 
was sitting at his desk.  The computer was facing him and the blinds behind 
him were shut.  It was a hot sultry sort of evening and the air conditioned 
comfort of the office and the bright lights were a striking contrast.  He had 
his attension immersed in some work on the screen and I stood waiting at the 
doorway for a sign.  No sign was forthgiving, so I entered fully and shut the 
door behind me.  "Mr. Wallace, you ... you wanted to see me?" I said.  There 
was no response.  He just carried on working.  I stood there and looked 
around his office.  It was large without being huge.  There was a filling 
cabinet on his right and an extender in his left on which he had his phones 
and diaries.  To the left of me was a small conference table and white board 
and on the right was a bin for recycled paper.  His table was a clutter of 
papers and journal articles

I was still hot from work and the air conditioning was starting to cool me 
off.  I wanted to take a shower and go to sleep.  I stood there, and felt 
like a fool.  I was about to say something when he raised his eyes to meet 
mine.  There was a chill in his expression that I did not understand.  "About 
the assignment, you were saying ..." I started.  He cut me off by turning his 
chair away from me.  With his back to me, he quietly said.  "Ms. Spencer, if 
I was to tell you that your scholarship was no longer available, that you 
were being suspended from Uni on charges of sexual impropriety, that MLC was 
going to lodge a dismissal for poor character to you and an associate 
lecturer was going to press criminal charges for solicitation of sexual 
payment for educational benefit with intent to deceive and endanger, what 
would you say?  Ms. Spencer?  What would you say?!"

I stood there stunned.  I could not believe what he was saying.  I found no 
voice in my throat.  What on earth was he talking about?  He continued, "you 
see Ms. Spencer, I read and reread your assignment.  Very eloquent and very, 
very titillating!"  I was even more confused.  I was angry.  What was he 
saying?  "W ... What are you talking about Mr. Wallace?" I asked with a 
broken voice, frowning.  He handed me a printout.

The world crumbled around me.  I wanted the earth to part and to devour me.  
I felt a chill and broke into a sweat at the same time.  My heart stopped.  
It was my essay on my sexual desires and fantasies and details of what I did 
when I was younger and what I would like to do!  "M ... Mr. W.." I started to 
mumble.  "It was a mistake.  I know," he pre-empted.  "But a very grave 
mistake, Trisha.  Y'know it took me all day to crack your code.  RAPE1, very 
smart code.  I had to actually deconstruct the programme to crack it.  Very 
novel.  However, the reality of what has happened is that if I decide to turn 
this assignment along with your accompanying note over to the Chancellor's 
office and to the press, you are finished.  You will never complete your 
education and never have a career.  You will always be branded a deviate and 
a perverted outcast.  I know that your father is dead and your family has had 
to go through great financial hardship.  The news may kill your mother and 
very possibly ruin your little sister's life as well.  So what do you do 
Trisha?"

I was stunned.  I could not believe my ears.  I could not think.  I was 
panicking.  Shaking.  Shivering.  Sweating.  I had tears in my eyes and they 
rolled down my cheek.  I could not move.  I could not talk.  

He continued, "Only I can save you Ms. Spencer, only I.  I may want to, 
perhaps I will.  However, I need you to understand and agree to something.  I 
will spare you and not take any action.  In return, you must do everything I 
say.  Everything!  Is that all right with you?"  "Yes it was," I wanted to 
say to thank him.  I couldn't open my mouth.  I could only lower my eyes and 
lower my head.  My heart was beating fast and blood was pumping in my veins.  
I was starting to relax.  He was a good man, he was going to teach me a 
lesson and pardon me.  "Is that clear Trisha?" he demanded, "are we clear?  
If you even once go against what I say, I will personally ruin your life!"  I 
was confused and finally cleared my throat and said, "What do you want from 
me Mr. Wallace?"  He smiled as he looked at me.  It was not a warm caring 
smile.  It was a hideous, pitiless and arrogant smile!  "Everything" he 
almost spat out.  "Do you understand?" he asked.  I slowly nodded.  My eyes 
were looking at the ground and my mind was racing.  I was trapped.  I had to 
do what he said or he would ruin my whole existence.

"Very well, Trisha, go outside and make a call to your home.  Tell them that 
you will be late coming home as you have some urgent Uni work to do."  He 
threw two twenty cent coins in my direction.  "Pick them up, and use them.  
You will not use your own coins.  Now go!"  It was not a request or a 
suggestion.  It was a command.  I was trapped, like in my fantasies.  "Was I 
mad?" I thought to myself.  How could I think of those fantasies at a time 
like this.  My life was devastated because of them.  I bent down and picked 
up the coins and walked out of his room to the public phone at the end of the 
corridor.  I told Jake that I would be late and he said that I was up to no 
good and that I should not stay away from home so often.  I told him to get a 
life and hung up.  I looked at my watch, it was 6:00 pm.  In 20 minutes my 
life had gone through a major upheaval.  I sighed and walked back to Mr. 
Wallace's office.  My heart was thumping against my chest and I was angry.  
Very angry.

I was also calmer.  I knew that I was cornered, that I had no recourse but to 
give Wallace what he wanted.  I thought to myself, maybe he will only try and 
get sex from me.  That, although I found repulsive, was a small price to pay 
for the power he had over me at the moment.  He was right, he could destroy 
my whole life if he chose to.  I reminded myself that I must keep this in 
mind and do whatever he wanted.

I slowly opened the door to his office and stepped in, clicking the door shut 
behind me.  There was that look in his eyes as I looked at him.  A look that 
said that he was not open to reason.  The look of a sadist, of a victor and 
one of uncompromising harshness.  I started to say something and then stopped 
myself.  I was embarrassed and ashamed.  My whole personal life lay before 
him and he was going to take full advantage of it.

I looked down at the dark blue carpet.  He began, slowly and deliberately 
"Now from here on, there is nothing that you will do without my permission.  
Whatever you want to do, you must ask and if I permit you, you may do it.  To 
start with, you have been a naughty girl, haven't you?"  I looked down 
feeling a helplessness that I had not known before.  "Answer me," he 
demanded.  I slowly nodded.  He creaked in his chair and lit a cigarette, 
"Naughty girls must learn a lesson.  Take off your jacket," he said, matter 
of factly.  I hesitated.  He said in a cold harsh voice, "Listen to me 
Trisha.  If I have to tell you things more than once, you will repent in a 
way you have never imagined.  You know that you have no way out of this and 
you know that I am in complete control of your life from this moment on.  
From now on if I tell you to stand, you will stand, if I tell you to strip, 
you will strip and if I tell you to crawl, THEN, FUCKING BITCH, YOU WILL 
CRAWL!!  Is that understood?!"  His tone scared me.  I quickly nodded and 
started to unbuttoned my jacket.

My fingers trembled as I opened the three buttons in the front of my jacket.  
I stopped and took a deep breath.  I gently slipped my jacket off my 
shoulders and wrapped it around my hands in front.  I knew that having been 
in my suit all day, my shirt would show some wrinkles and I could feel it 
sticking to my back with sweat.  There were also some patches of sweat under 
my armpits.  I had my head bowed and knew that the outline of my satin skin 
coloured bra would be visible.

The next command came, "Put your jacket on the chair Trisha and take your 
shirt off."  My throat was dry and my heart was pumping in my chest.  I moved 
forward and put my jacket neatly on the chair in front of his desk and 
stepped back.  Hesitantly, I began to unbutton my shirt.  I could not look 
up.  My face was hot and flushed as I unbuttoned the front of my shirt and 
held the ends together in shame.  "I said, don't make me say anything twice, 
Trisha.  I have warned you." he threatened and I quickly pulled my shirt open 
and slipped it off my shoulders.  I was shy and nervous.  I shielded myself 
with the shirt.  "Put your arms by your side Trisha," he said.  I slowly took 
my arms to the side and felt my breath quicken.

He could see me in my satin bra.  My full, firm breasts were straining 
against the tight smooth, almost shiny bra.  I could see my nipples were very 
erect.  They made humiliating outlines through the satin, that he could 
easily see.  I was afraid, confused, and hot.  I stood, my breasts heaving, 
my face bowed.  I felt as naked as I had ever felt in my whole life.

"Bring your shirt to me," he said.  I walked to the table and handed the 
shirt to him.  I stood in front of him, uncertain and scared.  He took my 
shirt and felt it.  Slowly, deliberately, he found the armpit of the shirt 
and the patch of sweat that I had left in it.  He lifted it to his nose and 
inhaled.  I was shocked and ashamed.  He saw my discomfort and said, "Sweat 
mingled with a strong deodorant.  Hmmm, so the smell of your sweat turns you 
on, does it?  You miserable, perverted slut!"  I felt tears well in my eyes.  
He smelt the sweat patch on my shirt again and said, "Take your skirt off and 
put it on the chair."  I did as he asked.  I was now standing before him, in 
my satin bra and panties.  I knew that I shouldn't, but I instinctively 
covered the front of my panties with my hands.  He shot a look at me and I 
slowly removed my hands to my sides, clutching my fingers tightly together.

I shut my eyes as I knew that he could see the wet patch on my panties.  The 
satin panties were incredibly sexy, but if I was even slightly aroused, it 
would show.  I clutched my legs tightly together and hoped to god that he 
would not see.  He saw.  "So you are horny you slut," he jeered.  The 
language was demeaning and made me weak in the knees.  I couldn't believe 
this.  I gulped and kept looking at the floor.  "The patch of dampness from 
your pussy in your panties gives you away.  Whore.  You crave to be treated 
like a slut.  You are a naughty girl and will be treated like one.  Go and 
stand in the corner of the room next to the dust bin and face the wall until 
I call you back."  I could not move and then his words rang in my ears.  I 
slowly walked to the corner of the room where the recycling bins were kept 
and stood facing the wall, my heart pounding hard in my chest.

I knew that he could see the flimsy strap of my bra across my back and my 
firm round ass enclosed in the tight panties.  I squirmed as he carried on 
working as if I did not even exist.  I was trying to catch up with my 
thoughts.  I was hot and strangely excited.  I felt ashamed at being horny 
and shuddered at what he had in store for me.  Yet the patch of damp between 
my legs, displayed shamelessly by the satin panties, gave away how horny I 
was.  My breasts ached in my bra and my nipples craved to be touched.  I 
shivered and squirmed as I stood facing the wall.  My heartbeat would not 
slow down.

Suddenly my eyes widened and my heart skipped a beat as Mr. Wallace spoke to 
someone on the phone and asked them to come to his office.  I whipped around 
and looked at him, my eyes pleading.  "I am telling you for the last time, if 
you once again do anything that I did not give permission for or I have to 
say anything to you more than once, I will ruin you," he spat.  I turned 
around, my heart beating faster than ever.

I stood there like a little punished girl facing the wall in my bra and 
panties, my heart thumping against my chest fearful of the unknown.  Who was 
going to come in?  What was going to happen to me?  There was a knock on the 
door and Wallace said, "Come in."

My heart stopped.  Stunned, I shivered and squirmed as I saw, through the 
corner of my eye Ricky, Jason and Rob walk into the room.  I was quivering.  
Wallace asked Rob to shut the door behind him.  I hated these guys.  They 
were scum and were here to see me facing the wall in my undergarments and 
squirming in embarrassment and shame.  Ricky said in a sneering tone, "Wow.  
Mr. Wallace, you have great taste and a fabulous ability to have what you 
want."  Wallace said, "Trisha, greet Ricky and the boys.  Reach out to the 
wall in front of you and place your palms against them."  I choked as I 
whispered, "Hi." and gingerly reached forward and placed my palms on the 
wall, like a suspect is made to do when being frisked.
  


CHAPTER 3


Wallace clicked his fingers and someone walked behind me.  I held my breath 
as I felt someone else's breath over my shoulder.  "The slut never 
acknowledges us.  Now is the time she will pay for it."  It was Jason.  He 
was standing behind me and I felt his hand on my bare back.  I drew a quick 
breath.  His hand made me feel so helpless.  "Go ahead, Jason, grope her," 
Wallace commanded.  Jason reached around from behind, slowly running his 
fingers along my waist to my flat smooth stomach.  He reached my belly button 
and prodded at it with his index finger.  I suddenly felt butterflies in my 
stomach and my knees weaked.  I was breathless and was shaking.  Then he 
placed both palms of his hands on my tummy and started to move his hands up 
towards my breasts.  His coarse hands passed over my smooth skin and slowly, 
deliberately, he felt my breasts over my bra, squeezing just a hint, as his 
hands passed my firm full breasts.  I squirmed and shut my eyes trying to 
block this intrusion out.  I was breathing harder and knew this would be the 
worst kind of turn on for these bastards.  Worse, I was getting wetter and 
wetter between my legs and knew that this would make the damp patch on my 
satin panties even more prominent.

Then Jason withdrew and Wallace commanded, "Turn around and face us.  
Trisha."  I turned around and lowered my head.  I was facing the four men in 
my shameful state and found tears well in my eyes.  I struggled to keep my 
hands from covering panties.  My nipples were aching through my bra and I 
knew that this was a definite turn on to them.  Wallace asked me to go to the 
white board and stand and face them.  The boys sat around me on swivel 
chairs.  Wallace got up from his desk and came over to me.  I was shivering 
and pleading with my eyes.  He picked up a pointer and said, "Boys, I will 
demonstrate to you, the main qualities and features of a whore."

I was a piece of meat to these people.  Wallace made me stand straight and 
keep my arms by my sides.  He began, "Notice how her breasts are heaving.  
Look how her nipples are aching to tear out of her bra.  See how her breasts 
are clinging to the fabric of the bra."  He was pointing to my nipples and 
making circles around my breasts with the pointer.  "Look at the slim waist 
and the extreme sexuality in her squirming.  This woman is a born slut."  
Next he tapped my arms with his pointer and said, "Trisha, raise your arms 
above your head and clasp them behind your neck."  I slowly did as he asked 
feeling for the first time in my life totally submissive and humiliated.  I 
stood there before him and quivered as he continued, "The greatest asset of a 
raw slut is the way she smells.  He came close to me and bent slightly to 
bring his nose close to my left armpit.  He took a long deliberate sniff and 
said, "very sexual and raw.  Her sweat mixed with her deodorant.  An animal 
like sexually exciting odour."  I turned my head to the side and shut my 
eyes, my face flushed with shame and degradation.

He made the boys do the same.  Ricky came to me and looked at me.  He took my 
chin in his fingers and raised my face towards him.  I still had my eyes 
shut.  He ran a finger from my neck to my armpit and rubbed his finger in my 
sweat.  Then he raised the finger and placed it near my nose.  I smelt my own 
animal fragrance.  I shivered in shame and a hot strange excitement.  Then he 
lent and deeply smelt my armpits, first one then the other.  Jason and Rob 
did the same.  I was so ashamed.  I felt raped and abused.  Then Wallace 
continued, "Now look at her pussy.  See how wet it is?  She is nothing but a 
slut and is turned on by degradation and shame.  See how shapely her ass and 
thighs are.  We will have to give her this abuse that she craves.  Trisha, 
look at me."

I opened my eyes and looked at him.  He was standing at the end of the room 
from where I was.  He said, "Crawl to me slut and when you reach me, kiss my 
shoe."  I hesitated and then slowly got to my knees and slowly crawled 
towards him on all fours.  The carpet burned against my skin and my face 
burned with shame.  I reached him and bent and kissed his shoe.  Then Ricky 
said, "Now crawl to me and when you reach me, extend your arms out in front 
of you and place your elbows on the floor with your palms facing upwards, and 
place your forehead on the floor and say, "I'm your slut Sir."  I turned and 
found him halfway to the door.  I crawled to him and felt my body shivering 
as my legs brushed my pussy lips together as I crawled and my breasts felt 
like they were heavy with lead in them.  I took the position he demanded and 
whispered, "I'm your slut ... Sir."  He laughed and then Jason said, "Trisha, 
baby, crawl to me and when you reach me kneel, put your arms behind your head 
and say, "please smell my sweat, Sir."  I couldn't believe what was happening 
and I was crying as I crawled to him and knelt before him and clasped my 
hands behind my head.  I whispered, "P ... please smell my sweat Sir."  He 
bent forward and took another deep sniff from my right armpit.  Rob said to 
me, "Crawl to me and kneel before me and say "I'm a whore and need sexual 
abuse, Sir"  I crawled to him and whispered the words.

Wallace walked behind me and grabbed a fistful of my dark hair and tugged at 
it hard, yanking my head in his direction.  My hands reached for his and I 
whimpered as he lowered his face to my ear and said, "Now slut, kneel before 
us and look at me and say, "please rape me, MASTER."  I shivered as he let go 
of my hair.  The sudden pain had caught me unawares and I was loosing control 
of my emotions.  Tears flowed down my face as I knelt and faced him and 
whispered, "P ... p ... please r ... rape  me M ... m ... MASTER!"  He came up 
to me and slapped my face.  I shivered as my face fell to one side, my hair 
falling over my eyes.

Then he came close to my face and hissed, "Now I want you to do the following 
things.  Go home now and pretend as if nothing happened.  Go to your room and 
take off all your clothes.  Leave your bra and panties on.  Don't put on any 
air conditioning tonight.  I want you to sweat all night.  When you lie on 
your bed, you are not to touch your pussy.  Lie in bed and gently touch your 
nipples over your bra and whisper to yourself the following, "I am a slut, I 
am a whore, I crave humiliation, I am a dirty slut and deserve to be raped."  
You will keep saying this as you pinch your own nipples.  You will not touch 
your pussy in any way.  Tomorrow, I want you to call in sick at work and then 
in the same bra and panties under your gym clothes, you must go to the gym 
and work out.  You will not have any showers tomorrow or use any perfumes and 
deodorants.  When you finish, you will be sweating and hot and reeking of 
your sweat.  I want you to then drive to this address."  He Threw a piece of 
paper at me he and let go of my hair.

I could not believe what he was saying.  I got up and Ricky caught my arm and 
pulled me to him.  Yanking my hair back he looked at me and said, "If you 
fail, you know what will happen, do you understand?" I nodded.  He let go of 
my hair and said, "Before you leave, go to Mr. Wallace, kiss his lips and beg 
him to rape you tomorrow."  I unsteadily walked to Mr. Wallace and stood 
before him.  I then got on my toes to reach him and placed my lips on his and 
whispered, "Please ... Master ... rape me tomorrow."  I could not believe I 
was saying this, but what option did I have?  "You may put your clothes on 
Trisha,"  Mr. Wallace said, almost politely.  I gratefully put my shirt and 
skirt on.  Jason came up to me and said, "Before you leave, lift your skirt 
and reach under your panties and run your finger through your soaking pussy 
and then ask all of us smell your juices."  This was the ultimate 
humiliation.  I shamefully lifted my skirt and reached into my panties.  The 
sensation of my fingers on my hot and burning pussy was like a bolt of 
lightening.  I shivered and let out a soft moan.  I knew that my pussy was 
soaking and so did they.  I pulled out my finger and prodded it hesitantly 
towards Jason and asked, "P ... please smell my juices, Sir."  He took a deep 
sniff and shut his eyes.  I went up to each the others in turn and asked the 
same question.  They then made me lick my finger.  The taste of my own juices 
was driving me mad.  I was so close to going over the edge.  I controlled 
myself and put on my jacket and left.

I was in my room and was standing in front of my mirror again.  I was still 
in the bra and panties that I had been ordered to sleep in.  I knew that my 
life was never going to be the same again.  I was humiliated and abused, and 
had no way out.  I was hot and sweaty and knew that I was going to be 
terribly humiliated tomorrow.  It was hot in my room.  I lay on my bed and 
ached all over.  I wanted to touch myself, to make myself come and defy these 
bastards who were taking advantage of me.  I reached for my pussy and then 
stopped.  I could not afford to infuriate these bastards.  I had to do as 
they commanded.  I reached for my erect, sensitive nipples and had shivers 
through my body as I gently touched them through the smooth fabric of my 
bra.  I was sweating and the sweat was causing the touch to be even more 
sensational.  I shut my eyes and felt tears welling up in my eyes.  I felt my 
pussy helplessly begin to moisten again.  I gently pinched my nipples and 
whispered to myself, "I'm a slut, I'm a whore, I crave humiliation ... I ... 
huh ... hh ..." I was finding it more and more difficult to string two 
sentences together.  The shame and the humiliation of self abuse along with 
the torment of my sensitive nipples was driving me insane.  I whispered, 
"God ... hhhuuhh ... I'm a slut, I'm a dirty slut and deserve to be raped ... 
I'm a slut ... I'm a whore ... I ..." and I drifted off to sleep.



CHAPTER 4


I awoke wet with sweat.  My whole body was glistening with sweat.  I got out 
of bed and looked in the mirror.  I was covered with a film of sweat and 
there were bold stains and patches of sweat on the satin bra, all over my 
breasts and along the innner sides of my arms.  I was embarrassed to see the 
stain and still wet patch of dampness between my legs.  I looked at my 
bedroom clock.  I called in sick and went into the bath.  I could smell 
myself.  It was very strong.  It was a strong animal smell.  I raised my arms 
above my head and turned my head to the left.  I gently sniffed my armpit.  
"God!" I thought.  I shut my eyes.  There was a hint of deodorant and a 
strong smell of my sweat.  I could not believe that these people were going 
to make me do this.  I brushed my teeth and pulled on my gym gear.  I wore a 
tight bodysuit and bicycle tights.  I then began to pace the room.

I could not believe how slow time passed.  I felt abused as I sat in my room 
still sweating from the heat.  I thought about the day old bra and panties 
that I was being forced to wear.  I could smell my own animal odour.  I knew 
that this would be embarrassing at the gym.  I had no option.

I had just finished from the gym and was driving towards the address the men 
had given me.  I pulled into a driveway, walked to the door and knocked.  
Jason opened the door.  He motioned with his finger for me to come inside.  I 
was hot and sweaty from the gym and did as he said.  He lead me to a huge 
living room with all sorts of old furniture.  In the centre was a large 
wooden table and there were floor to ceiling mirrors on two walls.  On the 
right was a fireplace and two pillars stood to that side as well.

Wallace was sipping a beer and looked at me as I came in.  "Did you do as we 
commanded?" he asked.  I nodded.  He then got up and came close to me and 
said, "You do smell like a slut.  Tell me what did you say to yourself last 
night?"  He said this as he ran a finger along my cheek to my lower lip and 
ran it along the quivering lip.  Then he suddenly yanked my hair and I shut 
my eyes to the pain and he hissed, "Tell me slut."  I took a breath and 
whispered, "I ... I said I'm a slut ... I'm a whore and that I deserve to be 
raped."

He tugged at my hair a little more and trailed his tongue along my neck and 
slurped at my lips.  It was a lick, demeaning and degrading.  He withdrew 
leaving his spit on my lips.  I reached to wipe it away and he slapped me.  
"No ... you don't do that" he sneered.  I stood squirming before them and was 
asked to take my gym wear off.  I did.  I stood before them in my sweat 
drenched satin bra and soaking satin panties.  Then they made me assume 
various positions for them.  I was asked to stand with my feet apart and my 
arms high above my head.  I was made to bend over and display my "luscious 
ass" to them.  I was made to squat like a bitch and spread my legs for them 
to see the humiliating wet patch at my crotch.  I had to hold my breasts in 
my hands and squeeze them gently.  With each humiliation that they threw on 
me, I squirmed and got hotter and hotter, and more and more horny.  I was 
flushed and my heart was beating very fast.

Wallace asked me to offer my wrists to him.  I slowly proffed my wrists in 
his direction.  He yanked my arms behind my back and deliberately clamped 
cuffs around them.  I felt a shiver through my body as the steel touched my 
skin.  I then found that Ricky had come behind me and slowly put a collar 
around my neck.  Wallace then attached a chain to the front of the collar and 
taking the chain in his hand, he tugged at it and made me follow him as if I 
was a bitch on a lead.  He tugged at the chain and I jerked forward into his 
arms.  He caught me and said, "Look, the slut can't walk." and as he said 
that he spun me around and held me with my back to him by my elbows.  Ricky 
was standing in front of me and I saw a look of lust in his eyes.  

"Grope her Ricky," Wallace said.  I held my breath as Ricky roughly grabbed 
my breasts and squeezed them.  I was squirming but helpless and he kept 
playing with my breasts.  Squeezing.  Slapping.  Pushing.  Kneading.  
Pinching.  He was relentless and insensitive and my breasts felt like they 
were on fire.  I was trembling and the sensations radiating from my breasts 
made me moan.  I was in both pain and pleasure.  Suddenly he stopped and Rob 
was before me.  "Rip her panties off," Wallace commanded, still holding my 
squirming quivering body.  Rod gently touched the sides of my satin panties 
and with one motion, ripped them off my body.  As my panties were ripped 
away, I felt a burning sense of shame and humiliation.  I now was completely 
dominated.

I saw Jason take the ripped panties and smell them.  He passed them on and 
each one of the bastards smelled them.  Then Wallace asked Jason to rip my 
bra off.  I struggled as he came up and again, in one strong motion, ripped 
my it off my breasts.  My nipples were aching and erect as my breasts sprang 
free.  They could see me totally naked now.  They had seen every inch of me.  
My full firm breasts and erect nipples.  My slim waistline.  My bushy mound 
of hair between my legs.  I knew that this was only the beginning of today's 
torment.

Wallace reached from behind me and roughly grabbed at my clit and squeezed.  
The sudden impact and the pent up tension made me groan and jerk my pussy in 
the direction of his hand.  He stopped and said, "She is a slut.  Look at 
her cravings."  I looked down in shame and felt him jerk my chain and drag me 
to the corner of the room.  He undid my cuffs and walked to the center of the 
room where the others were standing and said, "Slut, crawl to me and kneel 
before me.  Then you will suck my cock."  I had tears in my eyes as I crawled 
to him and knelt before him.  He pulled his cock out from his pants.  It was 
huge and he proceeded to smack me across the face with his cock.  I shut my 
eyes and beared the humiliation.  I felt it stiffen as he wacked it against 
my face and then he stopped and yanked my hair and as I opened my mouth to 
register the pain, he slammed his cock into my mouth.  I nearly choked and 
gagged as he gave me no respite and started to fuck my mouth.  He pumped it 
in and out of my mouth of about a minutes.  Then he stopped.  I was dragged 
over to Rick.  His cock was fully erect.  I did not want to be gagged with it 
so I took in between my soft moist lips and sucked on it.  He also fucked my 
mouth for a minute.  I was suddenly dragged away and made to suck one cock 
after another and over and over again.  I lost track of the minutes, but by 
the time they'd finished, my mouth and throat was raw and racked with pain.  
They had all deep-throated me.  Before this, I had only deep-throated my boy 
friends on special occasions, and then only for a short while.  My throat was 
totally unaccustomed to this abuse.

I was then held up by Jason and Rob as Wallace took hold of my highly 
sensitive nipples and tweaked them.  I was on the brink of an orgasm and as 
he played with my nipples, I squirmed and moaned helplessly.  Shamelessly.

He then stopped and said, "Now you will be punished for being such a slut."  
They tied my wrists together in front of me and yanked my arms above my head 
and secured it to a beam.  Then Wallace stood before me and drove his nose 
into my armpits and smelt me.  Smelt my raw sexual smell.  He said, " you 
will look directly into my eyes.  Do not turn away.  Boys, spank her!"  My 
eyes grew wide and I met his glare.  He came right up to me and placed his 
face right in front of mine and stared into my eyes.  With his hands he 
grabbed my sensitive nipples and tweaked them.  I could not help but let out 
a moan.  He continued to roll my nipples with his fingers while he stared into 
my eyes.  I could not maintain control over my reactions.  My body squirmed 
and I moaned with pleasure and shame.

Then, I felt a smarting smack on my bare ass, followed in quick succession by 
another and another.  They were different hands.  The boys were spanking me 
and taking turns to do so.  I jerked as the spanking stung my ass.  I started 
to gyrate shamelessly trying to get away from the blows.  I parted my lips 
and started groaning aloud, "Aa ... aa ... aah ... unaah ... aaAAAH ..." each 
blow making me scream louder and huskier, as I struggled to keep my eyes open 
and keep looking into Wallace's eyes.  The shame and the pain made a lethal 
combination and I felt my ass become hot.  I was smarting and bucking my head 
in the pain.  His constant tweaking of my nipples was taking me out of 
control.  I found tears streaming down my face and he continued to look at my 
humiliation, up close and personal.  I squeezed my ass to get away from the 
blows and suddenly, shamelessly and without control burst into a humiliating 
orgasm.  I gyrated my hips back and forth, squeezing my legs together as hard 
as I could.  I screamed my agony and ecstacy out load for the whole universe 
to hear, "AAaaaaaaHAAHHAAHHHHHHHUNH!"

The spanking stopped.  After my orgasm subsided and I was back in control of 
my body, Wallace pulled my lips to his and probed my hot mouth with his 
tongue.  I was limp against the bonds from the shattering orgasm.  I could 
not believe I had let myself come.  I was so ashamed.

They untied me and I covered my naked body with my arms in shame.  My ass 
felt like it was on fire and I was shivering.  "How merciless can these 
people really be?" I asked myself.  They were all still clothed except for 
their cocks sticking out.  I was naked.  The humiliation was more than I had 
thought possible.  Then, Wallace threw four bits of paper on the floor in the 
middle of the room and said to me, "Whore, each piece of paper has a number 
on it.  These will determine in what order we will fuck you in.  It will be 
your choice.  You will crawl over, pick up one paper in your mouth and 
deliver it to the one you want to have in that position.  You will then ask 
us to fuck you in this position.  Number 1 will be the first to fuck you, 
and Number 4 will be the last."

I started to cry again, but got on my hands and knees and crawled over to the 
bits of paper.  A different number was printed on each piece.  It was 
entirely my choice in which order their cocks entered me.  I looked back at 
them.  They all wore smirks on their faces.  I again looked at the paper and 
picked up the 1 in my teeth.  I turned and crawled over to to Rob and dropped 
it at his feet.  I didn't dare look up at him, but I could still feel his 
amuzement as he looked upon me from above.  I asked "W ... will you please 
fuck me first, Sir?"  He bent down, grabbed my chin and lifted my face up so 
that I was now looking into his eyes.  "I will be glad to service you first, 
Slut," he said.  The humiliation was intense.  "Who did he think he was?  
Speaking to me as if he was granting me a favour.  That SON OF A BITCH!," I 
thought.  I crawled back to the remaining pieces of paper and delivered them 
to the others in similar fashion.  The final order was Rob, Jason, Ricky and 
then Wallace.

I was then dragged to the center of the room and made to lie on the table 
with my legs and ass positioned at the edge of the table.  I lay down and 
shut my eyes.  Then I found Wallace yanking my hair.  He commanded me to 
continue to look into his eyes as I was fucked like a common slut.  I hated 
him and defiantly met his glare.

Rob touched my pussy and tweaked my clit.  I shuddered and let out a moan.  
Wallace smiled and I helplessly struggled to keep my eyes on his.  Rob then 
placed the tip of his enormous penis on my crack and inserted it deep inside 
me.  Slowly.  Very deliberately.  

I had to shut my eyes, the sensations were uncontrollable.  I could not bear 
to let Wallace see my lust filled eyes as I was being used like a whore.  He 
yanked my hair again and I groaned as I half opened my eyes.  I was crying 
and helplessly moaning as Rob fucked me, skilfully and with long firm 
strokes.  As my breasts shamelessly moved to the rhythm of the fucking, 
Wallace continued to see my horny humiliated face and I struggled to keep my 
eyes open as tears continued to fall.  My moans escaped my lips, "Ah ... ah 
... ah ... ahh ... aahhh ... AAAHHH ... AAAAAHHHH ... AAAAAAAAHHHHH ..."  
With each stroke, my lustful moans became loader and loader, and the higher 
my hips rose from the table to meet his thrust.  I came with a violent jerk 
and shamelessly threw my head back as Rob shot his hot sperm into my pussy.  
My pussy clamped around his penis and actively milked him until he was dry.

I gritted my teeth, the bastards had made me come again.  I tensed myself as 
Jason shoved his slightly smaller penis into my throbbing pussy.  He was 
rough and made no effort to find a rhythm.  I opened my eyes to see Wallace 
still looking at my face.  The shame made me want to shut my eyes but he 
yanked my hair and I looked at him again.  Jason came quickly.  His cock 
forcefully exploded deep inside of me.  I felt, or maybe only sensed, his hot 
cum as it burst out and mingled with my own juices.

Ricky smashed his huge penis into me with such force that I thought my slit 
was going to tear.  He fucked me long and hard, slamming his cock into my 
pussy and using his fingers to play with my clit.  He would build me up and 
then, just as I would get to the verge of a shuddering climax, he would back 
off.  I screamed and moaned and Wallace scoffed at me.  Finally Ricky came.  
Driving his penis as far as it would go into my pussy.  His hot sticky sperm 
flowed into me.  He softly thrust his penis back and forth, coaxing every 
single droplet of sperm out of his penis and into my helpless pussy.

By now the semen from the three fucks was beginning to flow out of my pussy, 
and stream downwards, following my crack, over my ass hole and coagulate in a 
pool on the table.  I was so ashamed of the state I was in.

It was Wallace's turn.  He entered me and I didn't fight him.  He fucked me 
with such a huge penis that I thought I was going to tear in two.  I groaned 
and moaned as he made me buck and weave like a leaf in a storm.  He slammed 
into me and I gasped as I had another shattering orgasm.  He fucked me for 
what seemed like an eternity, my body was tired and ached all over.  My 
buttocks were still sore.  I noticed these things, but the pain eminating 
from my pussy was driving me crazy.  It felt like it was raw.  Like the skin 
had been shreded off and was now only meat.

I was wet with sweat.  He was rough and careless and yet there was nothing I 
could do.  I came again.  I was sobbing violently with shame as he finally 
came and discharged his load inside of me.  This triggered me to organism 
again and again my pussy clamped around his penis to milk it.  My pussy 
worked at it furiously, as if it wanted to suck the entire prick in.

He withdrew it from my pussy after it was satisfied and had settled down 
again.  He left me on that table like a used object and went into the other 
room with the boys.  I lay there.  Naked.  My legs spread wide apart.  Semen 
flowing from my pussy.  Slowly, I got up and found a nearby toilet.  I 
cleaned myself out and limped back to the room.  I was ashamed, humiliated 
and naked.  I had no bra and panties.  I reached for the tights and body suit 
and put them on and then waited for them to return.  Wallace came in and 
said, "You have been very good, Trisha, my little slut.  But I still have not 
decided if you may come to my tute."  He then smiled and turned away, 
laughing cruelly.  I slowly walked up to him and whispered, "Please have 
mercy Mr. Wallace, I've done all you wanted ... please ... please.  Mercy!?"  

Mr. Wallace smiled and looked at me with an evil look in his eyes.  The boys 
were standing around looking at me.  Mr Wallace asked, "Mercy?" and they all 
laughed.

=============================================================================
This was the first of my stories.  It is based on some of my real life 
experiences in sexual humiliation and submission.  It is meant for open 
minded adults and is in no way, shape or form meant to degrade women.  It is 
purely an expression of my sexuality.




                                  MERCY!!!

                                   
                                  VOULME 2



CHAPTER 1


I had been sexually humiliated and dominated by my lecturer and three Uni 
students for over 9 hours yesterday.  After the ordeal, I had gingerly walked 
to my car, driven home in silence and had gone straight to my bedroom.  There 
I had stripped and stood under a cold shower for as long as I could.  Finally 
I dried myself off and slipped into bed in my satin boxers and top.  I had 
wanted to fall in to a deep sleep and escape from the day's reality as soon 
as my head touched the pillow.  I didn't.

I ached all over and was very sore from the treatment I had received at the 
hands of those bastards.  I was still dazed by how this had all come about 
and could not believe, let alone accept, that it had happened to me.  I had 
tossed in my bed for many hours as my mind toyed over the issues.  Images of 
the experience came into my thoughts, and a deep loathing and disgust of 
those people welled up within me.  As more images entered my mind, the more 
and more disgust I felt for them, but also the more sexually aroused I 
became.  The recollection of my complete helplessness and humiliation that 
day stimulated me in a way nothing else had before.  I felt my juices begin 
to leak out my slit.  My nipples began to harden and become erect.  I could 
feel my whole pussy begin to burn with desire.  The need to satisfy this 
desire was overwhelming.  I reached down with both hands and pushed my boxers 
off.  Very gently and with utmost care I fingered myself.  My pussy was still 
very raw and tender, so I simply played with my clit and pussy lips.  I 
drifted off to sleep a few moments later in a warm feeling of bliss.

My confusion returned when I awoke this morning.  The dull pain all over my 
body and my aching muscles reminded me that it wasn't just a nightmare and 
wasn't going to just disappear.  I was trapped in this situation, and there 
wasn't a thing I could be about it.  I was however, determined to limit it to 
Uni and my personal life.  "It must never interfare with my work," I told 
myself.

I had to go to work today, so I got up and readied myself.  I could have 
called in sick again, but knew that would upset my chances of promotion if 
there were any openings in the immediate future.  I couldn't allow that, so 
I set off to work and hoped I could get through today without breaking up.

Fortunately, it was an easier than usual workday.  I wasn't asked to do much 
more than sit at my computer and enter data into a database.  Towards the end 
of the day I felt tired and my aching body was starting to pain me more and 
more with each passing hour.

As I fed some more information into the computer, I thought back to this 
morning.  I had been defiant.  I had said to myself that I would not let this 
affect my life.  I had a long shower, shaved under my arms and applied 
deodorant all over.  Then I rummaged through my drawer and took out a pair of 
black nylon panties and a matching black bra.  I put them on and wore a deep 
blue skirt and a blue denim formal shirt, buttoned all the way to the 
collar.  I recalled the events of the previous day and looked at myself in 
the mirror.  I looked good in a sensual sort of way.  I pulled my hair back 
and tied it in a knot with a scrunchie over it.

I was lost in my thoughts when Belinda threw a pile of papers on my desk and 
said, "Hey where are you?  Dreaming again?"  I hated Belinda.  She was my 
immediate boss and had an attitude like a bitch.  I knew that she also hated 
me because of my stunning looks.  Ever since I came to the office, none of 
the men paid her any attention.  I ignored her and continued working.  She 
looked at me with an evil look in her eyes and said, "You will have to stay 
back late after work tonight.  There are some priority entries that need 
doing."  With a smile she sauntered off.  I cursed under my breath and abused 
her.  I hated her.  Totally.

It was almost 6:00 pm by the time I finished entering the data from the 
files.  I stood up and rubbed my eyes as I looked around.  I was all alone in 
my cubicle.  My computer was bright and the lights above were causing me to 
squint.  There were not many other people at the office.  Most had left at 
5:00 pm.  I had called home and said that I was going to be late, that I had 
a meeting at work.  Belinda had said that there was going to be a meeting at 
6:30 pm and I went to the pantry to get myself a coffee in the meanwhile.  I 
glanced around, there was no one in the office on this side.  The office had 
been locked by time delay alarms and only by entering the codes into the 
system could someone enter or leave.

Belinda called out from the boardroom, "Trish, come in now."  I grabbed a 
notepad and a pen and I walked to the end of the corridor and entered the 
boardroom.  There were five people there.  Belinda, Celeste, Jack, Pete and 
someone who was sitting at the head of the table, with his back to her.  
Celeste was Belinda's secretary, and I detested her even more than I detested 
her boss.  Pete took the lead, "Trisha, there is something that we want you 
to look at," as he spoke, the chair at the head of the table turned and my 
heart missed a beat and then started to pound at my chest.  It was Ricky!

Belinda visciously said, "So, you fucking slut, you have been whoring around 
with my friend Ricky!  Time for us to teach you a lesson."  I couldn't bare 
to look into his eyes any longer and I bowed my head towards the floor.  At 
the sight of Ricky, yesterday's humiliation returned and my face flushed with 
embarrassment.  I let out a gasp as Belinda walked over to me and yanked my 
hair, making me look up.  Jack was popping a bottle of champagne and Ricky 
was laughing at my plight.  I broke Belinda's grasp with a jerk and dashed 
for the door.  I swung the door open and stopped.  Stunned.  My ex-boyfriend 
Mark was standing before me at the door.  "Mark, please help me!" she 
pleaded.  He swung an arm and backhanded me across my face, sending me 
sprawling across the floor.  Mark was an executive at MCL and never forgave 
me for dumping him.  I knew that today was the day that I would pay for it.  
"Bring her to my office," he commanded.  Pete and Jack came up and grabbed my 
arms.  They dragged my struggling body to Mark's office.

They sat me down on Mark's swivel chair, pulled out some rope and tied my 
wrists to the arms of the chair.  Then they tied my ankles to the base of the 
chair.  "Please Mark, why are you doing this to me?" I pleaded, tears welling 
in my eyes.  Mark flicked play on his VCR and sat on the table in front of 
me.  "Have a look at this.  Ricky was kind enough to bring this to us and 
now, if you want to maintain your job, reputation and life, you will not 
whisper a word about what we do to you tonight to a soul."  Mark was now 
sneering as I saw a graphic video of my torment the previous day at the hands 
of Mr. Wallace and Ricky and his friends.  I burst into tears and cried 
aloud.

"Shut up slut," Mark said.  He addressed the five other people in the room.  
"She dumped me and thought that she was some fabulous thing.  I will show her 
what a piece of dirt she is.  She always thought my approach to sex was 
unsatisfying for her.  I'll show her to treasure what we had.  Belinda, 
unbutton her shirt."  Belinda moved behind me.  I started sobbing as Belinda 
slowly and carefully undid every button of my shirt.  She then opened it as 
far as it would go and let it drape over my arms, exposing my firm full 
breasts in their flimsy black bra.  I felt a flush spread over my face, creep 
down my neck and continue down to my chest.  I was certain that most of my 
upper torso must have been bright pink.  I looked down to avoid the leering 
stares from the faces of the people in the room.  Belinda again slowly leaned 
forward and savagely grasped my breasts in her hands, squeezing them tightly 
until my breasts spilled out over the black bra.  Belinda continued her rough 
feel and my breasts responded.  My nipples swelled and became erect.  She 
pinched them hard and bucked in my seat and let out a loud moan.  She said, 
"See Mark, see how sexy this slut looks?"  I struggled against my bonds and 
unable to shake off the insistent groping of my breasts by my immediate boss, 
began to abuse the people in the room.  I was shaking and squirming as 
Belinda reached down and licked the nape of my neck.  "Please let me go ... 
please!," I started to plead.

Mark came over and shifted the left bra cup from my breast entirely, exposing 
my whole breast.  He took the fully erect nipple in his fingers and rolled 
it.  Despite herself, I bucked in my seat and swore at him.  He slapped me 
again across my face and I fell quiet.  Sobbing.  At a signal from Mark, Pete 
and Jack untied and lifted me up into a standing position.  I struggled and 
screaming at them, but it was useless.  They made me stand directly in front 
of Mark.  My bra was sitting on an angle.  My left breast was fully exposed 
while my right was partially hidden from view.  My shirt was open in front, 
making me look like a sexy slut.  Mark slapped me twice across my cheeks.  
The slaps were not meant to hurt me physically.  Yet, they hurt my very 
core.  Demonstrating me submissive situation.  Mark then he asked Celeste to 
strip me.

I was pleading as Celeste slowly slipped my shirt off my shoulders and threw 
it to the floor.  I was now in my bra and skirt.  Mark liked this image and 
asked Celeste to leave me like that, but to remove my panties as well.  I 
locked my legs together and tried to keep all my strength focussed on not 
letting them take my modesty.  Celeste slowly pulled my skirt up and roughly 
grabbed at my clit, making me groan and loosen my muscles enough for her to 
rip my panties down.  Tears fell from my eyes as Celeste flung the panties to 
Mark.  He examined them in front of her and said, "God, you are a total 
whore."  "Look, her panties are already wet with her pussy juices," he said 
as he pointed to a damp patch that I had left in them.  "Here slut, smell 
your pussy," Mark said, as he thrust my panties up to my nose and made me 
smell my own moisture.  I knew the smell well and it made me go weak in the 
knees.  Belinda then came up, grabbed my skirt and pulled it up, showing my 
bushy pubic hair to everyone.  She ran two fingers along my crack and 
without warning, suddenly thrust them into my soaking pussy.  I gasped and 
shut my eyes to the sudden sensation, and I moaned with pleasure.  Belinda 
withdrew her fingers.  They were glistening with my pussy juices.  She 
smeared her fingers along my lips and then slowly, caught my face between her 
fingers and deliberately licked the juices off my lips with her tongue, 
leaving her spit behind.  I felt humiliated and ashamed.

Mark said, "Slut, I will fuck you on my table and you will know pain."  Mark 
signalled and the two men swung me around and threw me towards Mark's table.  
Each man grabbed me by one arm and positioned me such that I was standing at 
the very edge of one long side, facing the table.  Then they forced my torso 
down on to the table, and held my arms, outstretched to the sides, flat 
against the top.  My legs had no option but to remain straight, since the 
desk's sides prevented me from bending them.  My body was now bent at my 
waist, my top half was held down on the desk top and my legs were angled 
straight down from my hips, which were left overhanging, supporting them.  My 
legs were spread slightly more than a foot, and because I could no longer 
move or bend them, my hips were about 20 cms higher than my head.  I was in a 
very submissive position.

I started to scream.  "Let me go!  No ... NOOOO!" my voice trailed off as I 
felt Mark come up behind me and slowly pull up my skirt, exposing my taut 
firm and perfectly rounded ass.  There was a moment of virtual silence as I 
struggled against the two men who held me down.  Mark was standing behind my 
naked ass, positioned so ideally for him for his easy entry.  The others in 
the room watched my struggling with smirks on their faces.  My humiliation 
was to be their entertainment.  I again started to plead with Mark, "Please 
don't do this to me ... p ... please don't."  Mark unzipped his trousers and 
laughed cruelly.

My heart was thumping at my chest as I felt Mark knead the cheeks of my ass.  
"You always had a great ass, Slut," he remarked as he started to slap my ass 
with his bare hand, slowly, deliberately.  The shame made me gasp and with 
each slap, Mark increased the intensity.  Soon all in the room could see my 
fabulous ass getting red and sore.  I was crying and begging for mercy as the 
humiliation of the public spanking sank into me and the pain became 
unbearable.  After a while, Mark stopped slapping me and spat on my ass.  The 
spit stung and he rubbed it into the soft cheeks of my bottom.  He spat on my 
bottom some more, til my bottom was wet with his spit.  Then he started to 
spank me hard.  I bucked my head and yelped at each hit, grovelling and 
begging for mercy.  The wet ass hurting even more.  Celeste came up, caught 
my hair and jerked my head so that I was looking at her while I was being 
spanked.  My body jerked with each blow and Celeste brought her lips to mine 
and smooched me.  She withdrew and patted my cheek softly as I squirmed and 
cried in pain at the spanking.

Mark then stopped.  The only sound was of my sobbing as my ass smarted with 
pain.  Then, I felt the tip of Mark's erect penis on my rear.  I stiffened 
and screamed as Mark inserted his index finger into my tight ass hole.  I 
begged for mercy as Mark rubbed some slippery fluid into my ass hole and 
then, without warning, Mark rammed his cock into my ass.  The pain tore 
through my body and I screamed and vehemently struggled against the men 
holding me, shaking my head violently.  The men laughed at my pain and Mark 
withdrew and then triumphantly slammed his cock into my ass again and again 
and again.  I cried out in raw pain.  The time seemed to stand still as Mark 
stood there ramming his penis in and out of my ass hole.  Finally, I felt him 
stiffen and I felt his cock explode deep inside my tail.  He continued his 
thrusting, using soft, short strokes, he milked his cock of every drop of 
sperm.  He withdraw his penis entirely from my abused hole and I let myself 
fall down on the table.  My body lay completely limp on the table in my black 
bra, with my skirt thrown up over my back, naked below, having just had my 
ass sodomised by my former boyfriend.  I was unable to move and lay still.  
Sobbing to herself.

Soon after, Belinda and Celeste came up to me and said, "Lets take the bitch 
to her own office and rape her there so that she has a constant reminder of 
tonight's activities and the intense humiliation of it all, everyday when she 
comes to work.  Celeste grabbed a fistful of my hair and dragged me up.  I 
huddled to my feet and stood arched as Celeste dragged me to the door of 
Mark's office.  Once there, I stood before Jack and Peter, the men who had 
held me down while Mark had raped me.  They said, "Lets see her naked."  Jack 
slipped the bra straps off my shoulders and reached behind me to unclasp my 
bra.  He removed it from my arms and flung it out into the corridor.  Peter 
then ripped off my skirt.  I was now standing before them, arched over 
backwards, trembling and absolutely naked, my hair held captive by Celeste.

Celeste dragged my nude body across the office and brought me to my own 
cubicle.  I again begged, "Please not here! ... P ... PLEASE!"  Belinda 
reached over and grabbed my breasts from behind, kneading them roughly and 
hungrily.  "You will be raped by two women here Slut.  It will be a constant 
reminder of your whorish life from here on.  From now on you will be the 
office slut.  Anyone will have you, when they want, how they want and you 
will do everything commanded of you, like the whorish Fuck-Slut that you 
are."  The words burned into my heart.  My body was aching as Celeste came up 
in front of me, grabbed my hair and started to smooch me, hungrily thrusting 
her tongue down my throat.  I tried to turn my face away but only received a 
stinging slap across my cheek.  Defeated, I let the two dominant women have 
their way with my abused body.  Celeste was licking my face and neck and 
occassionally biting my lower lip.  Belinda was abusing my gorgeous breasts 
from behind, kneading them roughly and squeezing them hard, forcing me to 
moan in pain and helpless excitement.  The others stood around and watched as 
the women did as they pleased with my beautiful body.

Belinda then took my throbbing nipples between her fingers and squeezed them, 
hard!.  I let out a gasp of agony and ecstacy.  I was being aroused despite 
myself.  Celeste's tounge in my mouth was making me sick.  This was the first 
time a woman had touched me this way.  I felt used and humiliated.  Belinda 
and Celeste grabbed me and threw me across my work desk.  Celeste started to 
suck on my nipples and lick and bite at my breasts.  Belinda roughly grabbed 
my clit and brutally manipulated it, sending shivers of lust through my 
body.  Naked and bucking against the torment, I tried to control my reactions 
but the incessant rubbing of my clit made me come in a shuddering, shameful 
climax.  Everyone around me laughed and the two women withdrew, leaving me 
shaking and sobbing on my own work desk.

Pete and Jack came up, grabbed me by my arms and dragged me through the 
office to the board room.  Naked and shaking, they made me kneel in the 
centre of the room with Mark standing over me.  He said, "Now Slut, say after 
me.  I am a Fuck-Slut.  I was born to be a whore."  I was too weak to fight 
this.  I whispered, "I ... I'm ... I'm a Fuck-Slut ... I was born to be a 
whore."  The men now lifted me up and threw me on top of the conference 
table.  I lay on my back, my legs spread wide.  I didn't have the energy to 
try to recover my modesty, only to have my legs spread again when they 
climbed on top of me.  My legs remained spread, my pussy lips parted wide, 
giving all the people in the room a very explicit view of my most secret of 
secret places.  I was too tired, too beaten to care.

Pete climbed up on the table and straddled me, getting ready to fuck me.  I 
begged for mercy once again, my body tingling with both fear and a strange 
excitement, at the prospect of being fucked again.  I tried to shut my mind 
off as Pete slammed his penis into my soaking pussy.  I groaned as he pumped 
me.  Thrusting his cock in and out of me.  Cruelly, he grabbed at my aching 
breasts and kneaded them as he fucked me.  He came quickly, his cock erupting 
deep inside me.  Almost immediately after he got off, Jack mounted me and 
started ramming him cock in and out of my quivering pussy.  This time, I was 
unable to control myself and began to move shamelessly with him as he fucked 
my used pussy.  I raised my hips up off the table with my legs and began 
meeting his thrusts with thrusts of my own.  My breasts moved back and forth 
in perfect synchronisation to our mutual thrusts.  I felt ashamed and utterly 
humiliated, but I couldn't stop.  My desire was too strong.  Within a few 
minutes I again came in front of all these bastards, in a shuddering climax, 
just as Jack came, and ejaculated his load inside me.  Once finished, he too 
climbed down off me.  I was left there in the centre of the table, breathing 
hard, with a film of sweating all over my body.  The after-glow of orgamism 
quickly disappeared as I again felt their eyes examinating every inch of my 
body and felt their evil grins burning into me.

Ricky had not touched me at all tonight, but I knew he was enjoying watching 
me being gang-raped and humiliated like this.  I could feel his eyes on me.  
I just lay there on the table sobbing to myself, making no attempt to move.  
Mark grabbed my hair and pulled me off the table and to my feet savagely.  I 
stood before him trembling, covering my raped body with my arms, as best as I 
could.  He said, "Now Slut, you are our slave.  You will do whatever anyone 
of us order.  If, in the middle of the day one of us wants to fuck you, you 
will comply.  Do you understand my little whore?"  I shivered as I nodded.  I  
was afraid and aching.  I would do anything they wanted.  I just wanted to be 
spared from this torture.

"Now get down on your hands and knees and crawl around to my office and pick 
up your clothes with your mouth.  Then come to me and drop your clothes at my 
feet and beg me to let you put them on," Mark commanded.  I hesitantly got on 
my hands and knees, crawled out of the board room and down the corridor 
towards Mark's office.  Everyone leered at me as I crawled on my hands and 
knees down the corridor.  Subservient.  Naked.  Abused.  I felt my knees burn 
on the carpet and heard sniggers and smirks from my tormentors as I crawled 
into Mark's office and found my nylon panties thrown on the floor.  I bent 
down and lifted it up between my teeth.  I smelt the musky ordour of my own 
pussy juices on it.  I crawled towards Mark, who had come into the office and 
dropped the panties at his feet.  I placed my head at his shoe and softly 
asked, "Mark, may I please put my panties on?"  I was blushing and cringing 
with shame.  Mark laughed and grabbing my hair and lifted me up into a 
kneeling posture before him.  I looked up at the man who had just sodomised 
me.  "Tell me Trisha, what are you?" he asked.  Almost instinctively I 
replied, "A ... a ... Slut."  "Good, you may put your panties on," Mark said 
with a smile on his face.  Then I crawled out the office to the corridor and 
lifted my black bra up and carried it in my teeth to Mark and requested the 
same.  This time he asked, "Why were you fucked today?"  I softly replied 
"because ... I'm a whore" and I again burned with shame.

I slowly put my clothes on and stood before the people who had just sexually 
abused me.  Celeste said, "Before you leave Trisha, lift your skirt and get 
your ass smacked by each one of us."  I began to beg, "Please have mercy ... 
PLEASE!"  Everyone laughed and I was swatted by each one of them in turn, 
humiliated more by the fact that I had to walk up to each one of them, lift 
my skirt and request a swot on my tender bottom.

Finally I was driving home, my heart still thumping at my chest.  I was 
destined to be a submissive slut.  Abused by both the people at my work and 
also by my lechurer and any of his chronies he could rope in.  I couldn't 
help the growing warmth between my legs.  The warmth that seemed to grow 
everytime I recounted what I had been through in the past two days.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





