BDSM Library - Reunion




Reunion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Canes, Clamps and a Condescending Dom...the necessary ingredients for any successful reunion! Please rate the story...I appreciate your feedback!
Reunion

She slipped the key card that he'd left her into the slot and smiled as the
green light went on. They'd had so many false starts, so many near misses in
terms of scheduling, that it was wonderful that they were finally going to have
some uninterrupted time together. This was going to be their time, their chance
to privately explore what they had started together. And to discover just how
much further they could go, now that they had achieved a level of comfort and
trust.

She checked her watch...12:30pm. He had told her he'd have meetings until at
least 3:00pm. So she took her time checking out the room, opening the dresser
drawers and closet to see how much space he had left her. She saw his jeans
hanging in the closet. They were worn, comfortable, a little faded...a perfect
reflection of his laid-back, soft-spoken mannerisms. Even in scene, he rarely
raised his voice. But his will was iron and she'd learned early that things
would go easier for her if she did what she was told.

After drinking a borrowed Coke from the minibar, she started unpacking the few
things she'd brought. Mostly shorts and tee-shirts (it was hot out in the
desert), but one or two nice dresses for the evenings. As she was hanging them
next to his button-down shirts, she heard the door click and spun around to see
him standing there, smiling. Her face lit up, unable to mask the happiness she
felt at finally seeing him again, alone.

"I thought you were in meetings till mid-afternoon," she teased.

"I was supposed to be, but I must be coming down with this stomach virus. I told
them I wasn't feeling well, and that I should probably spend the rest of the
afternoon in bed," he parried back.

She walked the ten steps over to him and ran her hands up his chest to his
shoulders, then wrapped her arms around his neck, still leaving a foot or so
between them. "You should...you absolutely should...hello baby..." she murmured
softly, slowly, as she pulled herself against him and started pressing her mouth
against his. His lips were exactly as she'd remembered them, as soft and full as
hers, and as hungry. Their mouths opened and their tongues danced together as
his hands eagerly reaquainted themselves with the sides of her body, her back,
her ass. He pressed her cheeks hard so that their crotches touched and she felt
how hard he was. Her kisses became more and more urgent then, and he followed
suit...and they went at it with an intensity that made it clear they wanted to
be under each other's skin. 

She pulled her face a few inches away, looked into his grey eyes and whispered,
"You're overdressed, baby." He smiled again. "I was just thinking the same
thing. You've got exactly 60 seconds to lock the door and get naked. For every
second over sixty, you earn yourself five strokes."

She looked into his eyes, pleased as always with his challenges, since she
enjoyed the penalties as much as the rewards. "Sixty seconds...starting when,
Sir?"

Now his smile became much broader. "About fifteen seconds ago."

She took a full five seconds to share a glance with him that in her way,
acknowledged his devious turn of scene, as well as to show her appreciation of
his choice. He turned his attention from her eyes to his watch, and started
studying the second hand, counting down from 40.  She got to work,  hurriedly
unbuttoning her white cotton blouse as she walked to the door to bolt it.
Staying there, she slid off her black skirt, kicked off her shoes, pulled off
her bra, pushed down her stockings.. "Ta da!!" she said, standing  stood before
him naked, grinning in triumph as she finished the task as he said, "Three." 

Without looking up, he asked, "Did you remember to hang the Do Not Disturb sign
on the outside of the door, love?" and then he resumed counting, "Two, One,
Zero..."

Her smiled died quickly as she rushed to pick up the sign, undo the bolt and the
chain, hang the sign on the other side of the doorknob, and redo the locks. He
was merciful in that he'd counted slowly. But by the time she had completed the
task, he had reached negative ten.

"Done!" she said, but this time without as much hubris.

"Negative ten," he repeated, dead-pan, as he gazed into her green eyes.

"That's fifty strokes..." she said, voice trailing off at the end.

He nodded. Their eyes spoke volumes to each other.

"What will you use?" she asked.

"A little of everything, I imagine. I haven't decided yet..."

"The cane...how many will be with the cane?" she asked, with a hint of fear in
her voice. She'd developed a healthy respect of canes since he had introduced
her to them their last time together. She'd asked for just one stroke then, just
to satisfy her curiosity. The stinging had radiated for a good two minutes.
She'd never felt anything with that kind of burn before.

He walked over to her and started stroking her cheek with the back of his hand.
"At least five, love..." Her cheek leaned into his caress, their eye contact
remaining unbroken.

"Five..."she repeated in a whisper. Not protesting, not negotiating.  Just
repeating the inevitable.

"How many would you prefer?" he asked, almost paternally. There were no smiles
now. Just low tones and stares of deep probing and understanding of each other's
needs and psyches.

She shook her head slightly, as if to toss off his question. "How many would you
prefer, Sir?" she countered.

No world existed for either one of them at this moment, outside of the stares,
touches and words they were sharing. He was deep into his space, as she was into
hers. They both knew that her question was a gift to him, a chance to challenge
her, to demand that she endure for his pleasure, to prove her feelings for him..
His hand continued to slowly stroke her cheek and his eyes squinted slightly,
knowing  that she'd need some tenderness to let her wrap her mind around the
answer he was about to give.

"Actually, I'd prefer that all of them were with the cane," he said, in the
softest of whispers.

She stared into his eyes for a long time, comprehending that his words spoke of
her inevitable fate over the next few days. She wouldn't dare contradict or deny
him. But he could see in her eyes that she was trying to grasp the realization
of what was to come, that he wanted it, and because of that, she wanted it too.

"Fifty cane strokes...how will I endure it, Master?"

"They don't need to be all at one time, love. It's just over eight a day...not
so bad, really. Or we could do one an hour for the next two days or so, and
you'd have them out of the way quickly."

"When do we start, Sir?"

"Now. Five now, to start. Get the cane out of my bag. And the clamps too,
please."

She walked over to his bag, the location of which she had noted during her
earlier exploration of the room, and rummaged through it to find the items he
had requested. She knew he had asked her to fetch these items, not just to put
her to task, but because it would make her see the other implements of torture
he had brought for their weekend together. Some she had never seen before. She
didn't waste time, though, because once he had given an order, he expected it to
be completed quickly.

She picked up the cane and the clamps, another item she had learned to respect
during their last session together, and brought them to her Master, who by this
time was sitting in the overstuffed armchair in the corner. "Come," he said,
beckoning her to join him by sitting on his lap. She complied, handing him the
items and then straddling him as he always preferred when they sat this way. She
loved nothing more than sitting naked on his clothed body, the juxtaposition so
clearly pointing out the difference in their relative statures.

He put the cane on the endtable beside him and took her hand in his own, forcing
her fist open. He placed the clamps in her palm and closed her fingers over
them.

"I want you putting them on yourself this time," he told her. "Make them as
tight as you think I'd want them to be. Then put the chain in your mouth...you
remember how I like it, I'm sure."

She knew how aware he was of her feelings about the clamps, and that asking her
to put them on herself was as evil a twist as when he'd ask her to beg for a
whipping she'd feared last time around. She looked at him, her eyes pleading for
a reprieve, but his stare was as it always was at this point in a scene-without
emotion-and his resolve irrevocable.

She fumbled with the clamps, never having put them on herself, and terrified
that she would make them too tight to endure. As she struggled with her left
nipple, he helped her by gently running his fingers through the tresses of her
hair, indicating his patience with her labors, his appreciation of her
compliance. She fitted them and moved the bar up until she felt the familiar
sting and then she grimaced as she tried to endure what she had wrought for his
pleasure.  Once the stinging subsided a little, she worked the right side and
once completed, she put the chain in her own mouth. She knew that would be the
hardest part, keeping the chain between her lips as he worked her. But she also
knew that if it dropped, he would be livid and his anger would be reflected in
whatever strokes he was administering at the time.

He looked at her handiwork and asked, "Does it hurt terribly?"

She nodded yes and he nodded back his approval. "Thank you," he said. "You'll be
wearing them through most of the next six days, so it's good that you learned to
put them on yourself. Now lift yourself up and come forward so that you're
looking and leaning over my shoulder."

She complied, giving him full access to her backside as she worked hard to keep
the chain between her lips. She felt his fingers exploring her ass, spreading
the cheeks, working their way to her asshole.  "Relax...it'll go easier for you
that way," he instructed. She groaned loudly from behind clenched lips as his
fingers began invading her tight space, slowly but deeply. "We're going to spend
a lot of time working here this time around, love," he said calmly, as if he
were a college professior on the first day of classes, going over the course
syllabus. "We'll go slowly at first, as we discussed, but  by Wednesday, I
intend to rape you here, hard, without mercy, and I want you prepared, so
nothing impedes my full pleasure of you. Do you understand?"

She grunted "Yes" through her gritted teeth, even as the chills ran down her
spine. She knew he meant it, that he'd told her of his plans early in the visit,
so she could go over them again and again in her mind as their time together
progressed, allowing the fear to slowly build.  She imagined that what he was
forecasting would be as painful as anything she could endure, and that it would
be all the more pleasing to him because of her fear and her pain.

She stared at the mirror that was on the wall behind the chair, struck by the
beauty she saw in her humiliation and submission. She looked deeply into her own
eyes, trying to understand herself, her needs, her desires, as he left one
finger in her asshole, working it back and forth, and with the other hand, he
reached for the cane. Again, she heard his calm, instructor voice. "The back of
the thighs, where the ass meets the legs, is one of your most tender areas. This
is going to sting far worse than the last time you and the cane made each
other's acquaintance. Beg for it now, angel..."

She instantly realized her dilemma. He was asking her to speak, which
contradicted his order to keep the chain in her mouth. Either way, whichever way
she chose to obey him, she would be disobeying him also. One tear started
forming in her left eye, not because she was going to be punished but because
there was no way to satisfy both of his commands. With resignation, she let the
chain fall and whispered, with a dry throat, the words he had requested. "Please
Master...please beat me with your cane. Please enjoy me as you desire...I exist
only for your pleasure..."

 He sighed, acknowledging her disobedience. "Double strokes for dropping the
chain. I'm surprised at you. You know better than that..."And as the first
stroke hit, he added, almost sweetly, "Welcome home, love."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





