BDSM Library - Daddy's Angel




Daddy's Angel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Daddy returns home to find how much His lil girl misses Him and give her the love she deserves.
Daddy's angel



Leaning in the seat of Daddys chair....my head hanging over one arm....legs
spread.....on on the other arm...the other on the floor....thinking of
Him.....bringing my hand down to my pussy...rubbing softly.....feeling the
slickness..moaning softly...wishing Daddy was home.

Daddy tiptoes into the room, sees His lil kimmie sitting on His chair watching
her play with herself...feeling His blood burn with desire.  He walks quietly
over to the chair, leans over, places His hand on herrs, pushing her fingers in
more deeply...then moving her fingers back and forth...back and forth He places
His face next to her cheek, inhaling the sweet, clean scent of her.

She moans.... "mmmmmmmmmmm"  .......Then looks up and sees Daddy.....feeling His
fingers encouraging her.

"mmm..im glad Your here Daddy....ive missed You so much"

He smiles down at her...whispers

"I've missed you, too, lil angel."  Then kisses her ear, touching it with His
tongue.

kimmie leans back.....deeping her fingers....closing her eyes and feeling His
tongue. "ooh Daddyyy"  she moans.

Daddy pushes T/their fingers into her more deeply and rubs her little clit.

she gasps and pants lightly.

"im so wet tonight....i was...mmm....i was thinking of You all day"

He smiles, then whispers, "I'm going to make My little daughter feel extra
special good tonight" as He leans down to take a small nipple into His mouth and
runs His tongue over it*

kimmie presses in deep with her fingers and holds it.....opens her eyes...looks
at Daddy with a grin, He returns her smile and says softly.

"Daddy never thought that His little daughter would grow to be His woman."  Then
lightly licks her nipple again, reaching around her with His other arm, places
His hand on your breast.

kimmie smiles.... "mmm...Daddy, im so glad i am, i want to be Your woman always"

Daddy rubs her other nipple lightly with His finger and thumb leaning further
over her, His mouth reaching for hers, kissing her deeply.

kimmie returns her Daddys kiss, bringing her lil tongue into Daddys mouth.

Daddy moans pleasingly.. "mmmmmmmmmmm you are Daddy's little angel, and Daddy's
little woman.

kimmie looks adoringly at Him.... " i love You Daddy"

Daddy moves around to face her as she lays on the chair and looks at her
glistening little pussy, slowly drawing herfingers out of it, leaning down and
touches His tongue to it...and pressing it deep into her, tasting her.

kimmie cries soflty " ahhh...Dadddyyyy"

Daddy thrusts His tongue in deep, feeling her little pussy clamping tightly
around it.

kimmie arches on the arm of the chair.....forcing her small hips against Daddys
mouth, as He draws His tongue back to flick His tongue on her delicate
clit...tasting His angel again.

"oh Daddy!....lick my lil pussy pleaseeeee!"

Daddy grinz up at her and says... "Yes, angel...Daddy is going to lick you until
you cum...and that's just for starters."

He brings His hands around and places them both on her groin, His thumbs slowly
part her little pussy lips, exposing the pink, glistening interior of her.

kimmie grabs the chair to steady herself.....breathes heavy....feeling Daddys
touch.

"mmm...This pussy...belongs to Daddy...All of you, belongs to Me."

"yes Daddy....i am Your lil girl, Your angel, Your slut"

He kisses herr pussy and asks... "mmmmmm...Are you My slut?" and licks her again
and again... top to bottom, and back to top.



"yes Daddy....im Your slut....mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm"

He askes again.... "Are you?" and kisses her pussy as if it were her mouth.

kimmmie pants harder.... "yes Daddy.....yes ....yes" and moans as He tongues
her.

"Show Me, then....cum for Daddy."

"ohh  Daddy.....Your tongue feels so good inside my pussy" she cries and
arches......pressing forward....holding her breath as Daddy licks in and back,
thrusts in and back with His tongue inside His lil girls pussy.

"omgggggg Daddyyy...im gonna cummmm!"

"cum, then my angel, cumfor Daddy" He tells her as He licks..and sucks her
juices.

kimmie feels her muscles tense as Daddy tongue fucks
her...DEEP.....DEEPER......she holds her breath and.....cumssssssss inside
Daddys mouth.

"ohhhhhh yesssssss Dadddddddyyyyy!!!!"

Daddy moans "mmmmmm" His mouth covering her pussy...He swallows her sweet
juices....swallowing again...tongue scooping out every drop.

her lil body trembinggggg.

Daddy drinks from His lil angel....smiles, slowly gets to His feet, reaches
down, scoops your lil body up in His arms and slowly carries her to the bathroom
and whispers..... "Daddy has filled the tub for you...a nice, warm water...with
bubbles in the bath........"



To be continuted.........




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kimberly{P}


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





