BDSM Library - Max's Cafe




Max's Cafe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Travel old route 69 at your peril.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not 
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next 
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... 
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 




                       Max's Cafe # 1
                        by Paladin

It was a tidy looking place among the thousands of others on old 
route 69. The new interstate had bypassed it, but unlike many of 
it's contemporaries in had not fallen into disrepair. The parking 
lot was always crowded with trucks. (This usually means something 
good was there. Either a waitresses with big tits!! Or really 
great food and drink. Or maybe something else... )

..........................................

Jan and Sonia were taking a trip before their senior year. They 
had the confidence of money, so no need to work. They had decided 
to take the back roads to 'find themselves' and see how 'the poor 
natives lived'. Their position had prepared them for many things 
but  well.... lets see how they fair  at 'MAX'S'.

So far they were bored with the offerings of back woods America. 
Just too... too rural for their highly developed urbane 
sensibilities. They had not had a good Caffee Latta since god 
knows when... No tall dark handsome men only hay seeds not worth 
the few seconds of their time it would take to fuck um.

As the miles rapidly receded in the snazzy foreign sports cars 
rear mirror, boredom was their only companion. Not even a trucker to 
tease in the last 100 miles. Now, though, a real need arose.

Sonia demanded, "If we do not find a nice place soon I'm going to 
pee in my pants. Jan we should have taken the interstate through 
this part. Nothing but rocks and lizards for miles. Not even an 
ass hole trucker to flash, in the last hour."

"Look I got to go too, but their just isn't anywhere." Jan 
commented as they toped a small hill. Below them the old two lane 
road was straight as an arrow to the far horizon. Right on it 
though was a small group of buildings.

"Wait a minute their is a couple of buildings. See right there." 
Sonia observed of a group of buildings in the middle of the small 
valley. "Their has to be a toilette with your name on it in all the 
shit that's there."

'MarleyVill' the rusted bullet riddled old sign proclaimed to 
all. The population figures were shot away so no population 
estimates were immediately evident.

The two anxious girls drove more slowly through the group of 
mostly deserted buildings. Most of the shops and small eateries 
were boarded up or closed but then right in the middle of this 
desolation stood "MAX'S'.

It was two story with a tile roof. The thick pink adobe walls 
gave the impression of large ranch house of an earlier age in 
this part of the world. The Neon Sign proclaimed to the whole 
world "MAX'S".

The huge black top parking area seemed to be go on forever. 
Lights poles were everywhere, although not needed in the bright 
sun light, the poles also spouted unseen security cameras.

Their were a scattering of 18 wheelers and some all terrain 
vehicles. A couple of hogs parked at the side of the lot.

"Well I guess it is here or find a rock. What do you think?" Jan 
asked her straining friend. Their was no real choice for these 
girls. Civilization was paramount in their minds.

"Looks nice and their just ain't anywhere else. Besides it might 
be fun. Probably some old hay shakers or road hogs we can tease. 
Yea stop." Sonia added. "The beamer will leave any of these shit 
heaps behind if we have to make a fast exit, so what can happen?"

Jan tooled to the front door and finding nothing close enough to 
suit her, parked in a handicapped spot.

"You can't park here." Sonia told her.

"I don't see any gimps here and besides it's hot out here. You 
want to get all sweaty walking all that way." Jan slid from the 
drivers seat and killed the engine and air conditioner in one 
fluid movement. She made for the door leaving Sonia to follow her 
cute wiggling spandex covered but or sit in the rapidly heating 
vehicle and suffer.

Sonia shook her head but hurried to catch up with her friend. Her 
sensible jeans and cotton shirt were more sensible but the sun 
was merciless. She too agreed with Jan. It was too hot to walk 
all that way.

The cool darkness enveloped them at the front door. The girls 
strained their eyes to adjust to the darkened room. The 
conversations in the bar stopped and all eyes fixed on the new 
comers. The assessments were positive. 

"Welcome!  Welcome! Ladies come right in and sit your selves 
down." a grisly bearded old man greeted the from behind a long 
polished wood bar. "What is your pleasure? First one is on the 
house for pretty ladies like you. Set those cute little asses 
right here and jaw a spell." The bartender indicated two vacant 
stools in the center of the bar.

Jan wiggled up to the bar and demanded, "We need the little girls 
room first then we will see if we need anything else." She shook 
her tight blouse to accent the straining cloth containing her 
ample tits.  she thought. 

The bartender's smile did not waver. He extended his hand 
and pointed to the far end of the room.

"Right this way. Want any help? I could get some of these here 
boys.." He said indicating the assembled bar flys.

"Listen you ugly old perv. We are ladies, not some of your  
floozies." Jan commented as she added a shimmy to the straining 
spandex all the way to the door with a huge cow on it. Next to it 
was a similar door with a larger bull eyeing the cow and all the 
females who entered the restroom.

Sonia had an uneasy feeling as she hurried to follow Jan to the 
much needed facilities. She did not like the way the old 
bartender seemed to undress them with his beady eyes. The other 
patrons seemed to be doing the same.  was upper 
most in her mind.

George reached under the bar and adjusted the picture on the 
monitor. He had switched the camera feed when the girls came 
inside. The tape mechanism, was warmed up, and it started when 
the restroom door opened. It would catch all the action about 
to take place in the supposedly private room..

 George thought.  George fiddled with the camera adjustment 
and took a swig of his beer.  Yes sir Old George appreciated the finer things...

 he thought with a high five to no one in particular,  George thought as he picked up cellular 
phone from under the bar and punched in a number he knew by 
heart.

He waited and squirmed as the cute red hired cunt did its thing. 


"Manuel you lazy greaser I got... I don't pay you to sleep shit 
head. Now listen, get that lazy ass over here and dead line the 
shinny convertible in the handicapped spot in front of the bar."
He spoke in hushed tones into the phone.

"I don't want to argue with you greaser. Get your lazy ass over 
here and do it or I'll come over there, if I miss these quail, 
and cut off that slimy brown pecker of you'rn.' and stuff it in 
your shit filled ear. You hear me?"

"Yea NOW!!! Get the shit out your ears. Now get a move on!"  His 
voice rose. The lazy mex wanted monyana always monyana.

When he put down the phone, and turned to the small screen he 
caught Sonia just as she was seated under the cameras unblinking 
eye. She had a sparse covering of blond pussy hair
. 


George  got a woodie just watching the blond beaver pee. He 
thought, 

The girls came out of the bright white lights of the rest room to 
the dimly light bar and sauntered over to the bar and the old man 
ogling then. 

(His woodie was concealed by the bar.. for now.)

George put on his nicest smile, replaing the leer he had used to 
view the beavers of the unsuspecting girls. He asked, all polite 
like,

"Now as I said, come set a spell and jaw a while. First un is on 
old George."

"I'll take a frozen Dackory and my friend here wants a 
Grasshopper, shit kicker. You know how to make those?" Jan 
demanded of the bearded bartender.

Smiling, old George said, "Will take a minute. Don't get much call 
for those sissy drinks here bouts. The boys and their women like 
something stronger. I'll just get me a box of dackory mix 
and...."

"Box... UGH... We haven't got all day... What snake piss do you 
have that'll be cold and quick?" Jan demanded.

"Beer and tequila on ice, but the Tequila is real strong.. 
Probably too strong for your delicate sens..." George bated her. 

Sonia looked around uneasily at the collection of bar flys who 
seemed to be edging closer to them. She wanted to be on their way 
now. Forget the drinks.

"Make it the strongest coldest Tequila you got. We can take 
anything you got." Jan demanded.

George reached under the counter and got the two specially 
prepared glasses.  He thought.

He opened the freezer and pulled out the iced cold Puke. He pored 
two doubles. The stuff would take um fine. (He had coated the 
empty glasses when he saw them come in. Pays to be prepared.)

Jan looked at the amber liquid and commented,

"Looks like snake piss. You sure this is the cleanest glasses you 
got. Aw hell you got to eat a pound of dirt before you die 
anyway."

"Here is the lime and salt.." George offered.

"Na I don't know where you store them limes. Least the alcohol 
will kill the shit in the glass." Jan bellowed and downed the  
liquid in two gulps. She staggered slightly and grabbed her 
throat. "Shit is strong piss, I'll give you that but we got to be 
on our way. Sonia drink up and we will be on our way."

Sonia did not want to but it did not kill Jan. She did want to be 
gone, so she gulped half her drink before the burning caused her 
to stop. She commenced to coughing and put down her glass. The 
smoldering cold liquid burned all the way down to her stomach. 
She felt ill. she staggered and grabbed the bar.

Jan laughed and added, "She really needed a 'Virgin Mary' but 
well we got to be going. Thanks for the...."

Jan looked over and a bleary image of Sonia was slipping down 
off the stool she had sought to stead her self after her half 
drink.

"SAA.. Sayyy... That shiii... I..." She too sat down on the stool 
and tried to focus her vision. She had never had shit like this. 
she lowered her head and fell into the arms of a greasy mexican 
with a bushy mustache. She thought as all else left her, 

............................................




Max's Cafe # 2
                        by Paladin

George was pleased with himself and he looked up at the 
monitor and cursed. "Shit!! Tony go out and tell Julio to forget 
it. He is too late. Damn lazy greaser. Should go kick his ass if 
I had the time. Probably get my foot all stuck up in the 
grease. Sleep all day..." 

"Mike help the little girl here to the booth over there. Drink 
was probably too strong for the little cunts.. and don't squeeze 
them tits flat. Now leave some for the rest of us. Billie Bob put 
the other one in the other side of the booth will ya, Boy. Thank 
ya kindly."

"We will just let um sleep it off till Max gets here. He'll know 
right where to put um. I'll bet they's Hutchie Cutchie Girls 
with some circus troop. What you think there Mike..."

Tony returned with a very confused slack eyed small hispanic 
male.

"Sinor George, I done got dressed and come here to.. fix that 
thing and now Tony, he say no fix?? I all conf..." the small 
mexican with a baseball hat on backwards began.

"Julio you ignorant greaser. I called you last night and you 
just come here now?? How do you expect to make it in the land of 
opportunity you lazy..." George blustered to the now confused 
little brown man. Seeing their was an argument coming George 
decided to nip it in the bud.

"I shouldn't even let you do jobs for me but I feel sorry for 
you. Here have a drink of the good stuff before it goes to 
waste." George said giving the confused brown man the remaining 
portion of Sonia's Poukie.

Still trying to sort out the events since he was forced out of bed 
for... what was it he was... the sweet smelling brown liquid 
beckoned his minds eye away from logic. It was Julio's way. 
Alcohol was his goal in life. A free drink was too good to pass 
up. Quickly before George changed his mind Julio grabbed the 
glass and downed the contents in one gulp.

The familiar burning sensation slowly cursed down Julios innards. 
 Passed thought his mind 
as the drug did it's thing.

"Senior George that really good stuff.. I do anything for jew..." 
Julio began as he slowly sank to the floor.

"Ain't that just like a greaser? Can't even go home to bed before 
he falls asleep. Must be siesta time somewhere he come from. 
A couple of you boys, lend a hand here and get the greaser out 
back. Prop him up against the wall, and no fare setting him on a 
cactus like last time. Got to pity the little greaser. So he 
can't hold his liquor. We all have something we need help with. 
take Billie Bob there. Hidie tells me he got the smallest pecker 
she seen." George said to smooth over his previous actions.

"Yea it be a small un, but I be proud of every foot of the 
thing." Billie Bob retorted. Chuckling with the rest of the bar 
Billie and Tony dragged Julio to an empty wall space at the back 
of the bar. Propped him up against the wall and returned to the 
cool interior of the bar.

As they walked back inside Tony looked seriously at Billie and 
asked, "Where'd you put all of it? I mean you stuff it down your 
pant leg?? or what?"

"Yea" Billie answered, "I'd show you the end but I'd have to take 
off my boot." 

Tony saw the logic in that, nodded his agreement, and shuffled 
back quickly for the two free uns George owed him for running 
two errands for the bartender.  Tony reasoned.

Sure as shooting. Their were two shots of rock gut, setting at his 
place when Tony returned to his stool. He toasted George even 
though the busy man was on the phone.  
Tony thought.

....................................................

"Yea I know he is busy sawing wood but THIS IS important you stupid 
cunt now put him on the line..."George demanded of Fay.

"Yea Max..... Look I got a situation here you'll love.... Yea 
better than the last time.... Come on down soon as you get a nut 
in that old bitch. Save some though cause, I bet this un be 
better..... Na I ain't got a chance to do um yet... course you 
leave um here too long and I'll... OK OK Don't get mad... I wait 
on ya but don't be too long, I'm only.... OK OK I'll wait..." 
Clink..

 George muttered rhetorically under his 
breadth.

"Them really Hootchie Cootchie Gals George?" Mike said, "I ain't 
see'd some of them since I was just a pup and had to crawl under 
the circus wagon.  Them shaved beavers was really something to a 
young un.. like I was then. You think they'd mine if I just 
peaked..."

"Then... Then... The last time you had pussy was when pussy had 
you.... Why if it weren't for Tom's sheep you balls be size of 
watermelons by now." Billie derided Mikes found memories.

"Say I get my share... I done been upstairs last pay day. You 
just ask that new un. She couldn't get enough of my old pecker. 
Said it was..." Mike retorted

"Vile, disgusting and plum puny. Was what she told me." Billie 
answered.

"She never... You take that back... Or I'll.." Mike shouted 
taking up a beer bottle in order to do battle for the honor of 
his manhood with his antagonist. 

It was midday and the crowd had been there from the bar's 
opening. The kitchen did not open for a while so they were all 
just beered enough and itching for a good fight to pass the time 
of day.

"Now you just make me. You shitty sheep herder. I know what you 
do when you think no one's looking." Billie came back.

BANG!! BANG!!

All eyes were arrested by the sound of old George, survivor of 
many a bar room brawl, banging on the bar with an aluminum soft
ball bat.

"You'll want to fart around.. Take it outside.. Less you want me 
and my friend here to take a hand. Max done gave me orders that 
no more broken shit inside. Both of ya get out... Fact of the 
matter.. I need to air out the bar.. All of ya get out outside 
the lot of ya.. now... now!! I say.."  George demanded coming 
around from behind the bar waving his trusty  bat.

No one wanted to challenge old George, especially with that 
aluminum bat in his hand. The bar flies quickly emptied the room 
and congregated outside in the parking lot for the proposed 
spectacle.

Billie Bob seeing his chance as Mike's eyes were on George and 
his bat, whacked Mike up side the head with his bottle. 

Mike staggered and turned on his attacker and then the fun began. 
These were fun loving country boys and to them this was a fun 
diversion on a slow morning. A little tough on Mikes ear and 
scalp but fun never the less.

George closed and locked the door. He piered out the window and 
watched the start of the 'fun'. Mike, with his bleeding ear had 
knocked Billie down and the boys were standing around making bets 
and comments on the 'fun'. Soon another argument broke out and then 
new combatants entered the fray. Then it seemed the whole group 
became engaged in the 'fun'.  The boys were occupied for a while.

George turned to the drugged girls and quickly went through their 
purses. He felt the firm tit meat on the new additions to the 
stable.  George reasoned.  Max fumed as he grabbed the little bitch's 
arm and dragged her over to his fucking stool. 

Max perched his massive ass on his stool. The metal groaned from 
the bulk, sagged but held. He turned his massive head to the 
shrinking nude blond with a chain around her neck and demanded,

"Com mere bitch. I want your ass...NOW!!!"

"Please...no I done what you wanted. You can fuck me.... Le me 
suck you... Please... not my ass..." Sara pleaded.

"I said ass bitch and it better be over here covering my dick 
quick like or I'll just go get that nice leather belt you like 
soo much. them tits look almost healed from last time. Guess they 
plumb forgot. Well you going to get me off or not." 

Sara cringed. She remembered the belt on her tits and the 
devastating results. She covered the distance to the fat 
disgusting biker type turned her back and bent over. She fished 
around with her hands for the dreaded slimy dick.  Sara reached down and squeezed the fat hairy balls and 
hoped for a prompt squirt. She was rewarded with a quick 
softening of Max's organ. It barley got in and she got him off.
 she thought...

"Shit No good bitch....Well where are your lesions?? Clean that dick 
and be quick about it." Max demanded.

Sara shuttered.  she thought as she sank to her 
knees before the mountain of fat and tongued the smelly horrible 
organ to clean or almost clean.

"Dumb cock sucker. I ought to take you out back and show you how 
your boy friend does it. He really takes to those trucker dick. 
Boy's a natural dick lover." Max commented as he kicked over his 
stool and pulled on his pants.

"Please we have done what you wanted now let us go... We won't 
tell. We will nev...." Sara was cut short when Max back handed 
her.

"You'll stay here and fuck till I get tired of your skinny little 
old ass. When the boys get tired of a whore I usually let her go 
about her business but well with Bruce and all I ain't so sure I 
can let you'll go. I mean he's in demand. Your puny ass I'd throw 
out right now but you'll's love birds and well.... " Max talked 
as he walked out of Sara's room.

He heard a lot of noise in the yard and  paused to watch the 
'fun'. Martin was biting Billie's ear and the vocal response was 
loud and long. 

Max ambled down stairs and spied George bending over the booth.

"Shit heal you better not be fucking them bitches like I told you 
not to..." Max demanded of George's back.




Max's Cafe # 3
                        by Paladin

George froze. He carefully removed his left hand from Sonias 
ample tit holder, and slowly turned to face his boss.

"I wadn't doing nothing, Boss. Just checking out her tits. 
Honest... I was just seeing if the nipple was..." George tried to 
assuage any animosity on Max's part. "an outee.."

You did not cross Max... and live to tell about it. George smiled 
his best smile and backed away from the booth. True Sonias blouse 
was open but the bra kept its content from sight.

"Don't let me even think you done fucked with the merchandise 
afore I tested it out. You hear me old man? I'll feed those 
little nuts of yourn to the hogs if I ever find out you do!" Max 
explained. He meant every word of it, George knew Max was serious. 
He'd seen more than one man try to best Max. They were all no 
more. Max was boot hills best customer.

"Now what we got here?" Max demanded. His massive left hand 
closed over Jan's slender left arm and dragged the uncontious 
girl from the table, back to the seat. He felt the swell of the 
girls left mammary. Then he ran his greasy fingers through her 
fine long red hair.

"Big ums ain't they. Bitch be a true red head?" Max asked.

"Yes sir best little freckled red headed beaver I seen since that 
bitch Eunice...Last year wern't it." George smiled at his boss. 
He had done good but he was dismayed to see the sower expression 
on Max's beard shrouded face.

"I seen it on the hidden camera... Honest I didn't touch it... 
Honest.. I never..." George explained to a skeptical Max. "I 
wouldn't lie to you. You know that Max... Dang Man I called you 
soon as I saw their potential. I done um, and got rid of the 
boys and waited for you."

Max's expression softened. Why he even seemed to smile... a 
little.

"What do the boys think they is?"

"I told um that they is probably 'Hutchie Cotchie Girls' from 
some circus..." George quickly replied.

"Na what we got here is...SPYS..... Arab spies... Yes sir that is 
what we do. We do the spy bit when they get back to the land of 
the living. I'll go set it up. Gime their car keys. We'll have to 
hide that on um first off. Have that greaser friend of yourn... 
Manual take it out to the barn and...." Max began.

"Uh Max.. Manual is siesting in the back. Plumb fell down.. right 
here in the bar. Lazy shit head." George related.

"Well have Billie Bob drive it on out there. Tell um it is for 
the good old US of A. Have him take that lazy mex with um.  Leave 
um both out there. Serve lazy bugger right. Long walk back to 
town." Max began, then he went behind the bar. He picked up the 
cellar phone and dialed.

"Well get Billie Bob... like I tell ya." Max demanded while 
waiting for the call to be answered.

George eyed the video of the 'fun' in the parking lot. Smiling he 
retorted,

"He is just finishing up. I'll get him directly... Looks like he 
done lost again." old George answered. 

Old George rushed outside to do his masters biding.

"Lo Walt..... I know it 's siesta time damit but this is 
'portent... Listen to me you dumb dick head... I pinned that 
badge on ya and I get a notion to .... I'll stick that shiny 
pointie star up your ass. Ya know I can do it too..." Max said 
into the phone..

"I want you all dressed up.. official like...Pointie star and all 
over here in 20 minutes..... shit no...that take all year.... 
Maybe after we do the deed you get some poon tang... Ya I guess... 
The girls say that warped old dick of yourn takes too long so 
I'll just get ya a quickie. You want any more going to cost ya...
Ya I know you do me favors but well I let you keep that star on 
your chest don't I?" Max ordered.

"Oh all right I'll go a full blow job from Niamia for half price 
when we get... Don't rile me boy. I have to come over there 
and... I thought you'd see it my way. Now shave and wear a clean 
uniform... We doing the Spy bit.... Yea Arab spies... Yea the 
hidden film thing... Course the boys'll help. Dumb shit kickers 
do it for the US of A.... Ya now get you ass over here.. Now!!!"

George returned and the beamer or whatever it was left the 
security's cameras field of vision with Billie driving. Manual 
was no where to be seen. A dusty old pick up followed the 
convertable.

"I told ya to get rid of the greaser too." Max demanded.

"Well Billie did not want to be seen with 'im so they put him in 
the trunk. Probably leave 'im there in the barn." George 
answered.

"Serve the lazy greaser right. I have Jose pick it up for the 
border trade. Lazy fucker wake up in Mexico and have to sneak 
across again....HA HA HA..." Max speculated.

George too saw the joke. the levity lasted as the bar flies, done 
with their 'fun', drifted back into the bar.

Max instructed George with a cold eye..."Walt's coming. Seems he 
got word their was some arab spys passing through and he asked me 
to keep an eye out for um." Turning to the bar flys he went on,
" You boys seen any strangers here bouts??"

All eyes went to the sleeping girls. They were the only strangers 
today. But well they was... girls... Spys?? Na... Well... then...

It was half an hour or so before Sonia raised her blond head and 
sleepily groped for where she was. She was kind of fuzzy about 
where she was and why she felt so thirsty. She sat up and her 
head spun around and she had to lie back to steady her self. She 
noticed her blouse was open and quickly as she could she fastened 
it up. She looked at the old bartender and the locals. No one 
seemed to be paying attention to her. She needed a drink of 
water..

She observed Jans red hair on the opposite side of the booth. She 
too seemed to be knocked out for the moment. What hit them?? Why? 
The drink the bartender had given them... That was it...

Sonia slid over to Jan's side and tried to rouse her. Slowly Jan 
came to and she too wanted to get some water. Supported by an 
unsteady Sonia, Jan went to the rest room and attempted to 
restore their composure. As they left the 'privacy' of the ladies 
room they beheld a tall figure in a kackie uniform.

He wore a white hat and had a star on his chest. He was the law 
and the girls relaxed. They were safe. 

He drew a piece of paper from his pocket examined it and reached 
down to the holster  at his right side. he drew his long barreled 
revolver and ordered,

"HANDS UP! UP AGAINST THE WALL.."

Incredulously the horrified girls froze.

Jan spoke up, "Look here...Sheriff. We did not do anything."

The gun never wavered and the 'sheriff' cocked his revolver.

CLICK

"I said hands up and get against the wall. Now be quick about it 
or I will have to ... to shoot you."

Sonia quickly complied and Jan followed also. They waited and 
hoped for the joke to be over.

"Boys we got us a pair of Arab spies here." the 'sheriff' 
announced from behind the gun. "My information says they got the 
stolen plans on um so I got to search um. George go get their 
purses." 

"Yes sir Marshal Walt", George answered and  rushed to their 
dropped purses. He spilled the contents on the bar and announced,
"Nope Walt ain't no secrete plans here. No guns either."

"Now look here this..." Jan began

"Just shut up and stay put you damn spy!! Well I guess I got to 
search um. George get your scatter gun and keep um covered while 
I relieve um of their weapons." Walt  ordered George. George 
went around the bar and came up with a long barrel shot gun with 
two enormous holes at the end.

The empty holes caused Jan to bite her tongue.

The Marshal went back behind the women and did a cursory pat down 
of them. 

"Don't seem to be no deadly weapons but never can tell with these 
sneaky arabs. I got to really go over um once I get um back to 
the office." Walt speculated.

"See I told you you..." Jan started.

"AW now Walt you get all the fun. They probably tear up the 
secrete plans and get off scott free. Whyn't ya do a strip search 
here. Me and the boys be happy to help. Won't we boys?"

The boys were happy to join in. After all this was for the good 
of the country.. and a little pun tang on the side. Who could 
argue with that?

"Well I don't know." Walt seemed reluctant.

"What are you talking about? You can't..." Jan argued.

"You just shut your yap...You stinking spy. I think you being 
soo un cooperative I'm just going to take George up on his kind 
offer." Walt said.

Walt handcuffed Sonia to the brass rail at the foot of the bar as 
he boys passed Jan from hand to hand. (Each one coped a feel and 
added to her fear and consternation.) Finally in the middle of 
the dance floor Walt ordered.

"Now cut that out boys. this here is official business. Now mamm 
you can save us all a lot of time and bother. Now where did you 
hide the secrete plans you done stole??"

"Look you fool. I'm a citizen and a tax payer and you better stop 
this now or I'll..." Jan tried to reason with the boys and the 
Marshal.

"Well boys I guess we got to do it the hard way. take off your 
fancy dress bitch so we can see where you done hid the plans." 
Walt demanded.

Jan seeing that she could not reason with these fools sought to 
escape by running toward the back of the bar. there she ran into 
a solid wall of fat and muscle.

Max grabbed her up from the floor, where he had knocked her, by her 
hair and dragged back to the dance floor.

"Walt you done lost this?" Max said holding a struggling Jan by 
her red hair.




Max's Cafe # 4
                        by Paladin

Max flung Jan back to the center of the dance floor and then sat 
his corpulence down to watch the proceedings. The chair protested 
but it did not defy Max.... No one did.... ever...

"I said strip bitch or do I have to shoot ya..." Walt ordered.

"Walt that is plumb unneighborly of ya. Sides your talking bout 
putting holes and blooding up my place. Let me try to use my 
type of friendly persuasion ..OK??" Max said. Walt naturally 
acquiesced to his master. Max sighed, took a long pull on his 
long neck beer. Then wiping his brow, he leached up from his 
chair. The chair seemed to adjust to it's normal size with a 
creek. Max moseyed up on the cute, now terrified red head. He 
grabbed her left dress strap as she sought to evade him and 
held her in place with it. (Max was not a man to chase a woman.)

Jan struggled like a little animal in the grip of an alligator. 

"NO! NO! You don't understand... Let me go please.... I..." Jan 
begged.

Max smiled and reached out and grabbed her other dress strap. He 
sighed and tore the spandex material down and off the now 
shrieking girl. Jan sought to keep her covering but it was a 
losing gesture.

Dutifully he tossed the rag that had been a stylish dress to 
Marshal Walt.

Jan grabbed the bottom of her blouse and tried to keep her 
modesty covered. Then Jan tried to go down under Max's grasping 
hands but he grabbed her stylish coiffure as she tried to pass and 
lifter her up from her crotch by it again. One handed he tore off 
the cloth that had been her blouse. This too he tossed to waiting 
hands of Walt, the marshal.

Jan liked the 'jiggley effect' so she wore no bra. This left her 
nude from the waste up attempting to cover her ample mammerys 
with her hands. Her thin nylon white panties were all she had 
left. She crouched down and attempted to shrink into 
the parka dance floor to hide.  She thought but the mountain of fat and hair 
held her upright. Suddenly he stopped and asked with a concerned 
look on what facial parts that were visible,

"Walt their be any plans in them duds you got?" 

Max released Jan's hair and he went back to his waiting beer. 
Jan crotched down and looked furiously for a way out of the 
solid wall of good old boys. Max knocked back a short swig 
and put down the beer bottle as he heard.

"Nope... Max the bitch probably got um hidden in her..... You 
know... Her person..." Walt replied.

"You'll mean her cunt or her ass Walt?" Max replied as he 
advanced again upon the shrinking woman. "You think we need a 
warrant for them places?? I know how has to do all them legal 
stuff these days."

"I don't rightly know Max. I guess I'll have to look in um both, 
but we got probable cause here in this here poster. You just put 
her on the table and I'll do the inspections." 

Jan was soo scared and fearful that all she could do was attempt 
to cover her treasurers with her hands and arms and shake her head 
.

Max again dragged her upright and tore off her filmy panties 
with a swipe of his huge paw. He now dragged the now naked woman 
over to a table and forced her down on her back. He grabbed her 
right leg and forced it back to her chest. Her slit fell open.  
His right hand closed over her neck securing her to the table top.
Old George grabbed the other knee and held it to her tit.

"Well come on Walt don't take all day. I got better things to do, 
than do your job for ya. Look up inside the little lady and see 
if them secrete plans are there somewheres." Max demanded.

Walt came over and using his fingers opened Jan's pussy lips for 
his search. He took his time.  Walt 
thought to himself as he now stuck his finger in her tight little 
neither hole. He made a note to try this un soon as Max let him..

"Well be it there or not?" Max demanded while Jan felt more 
humiliation than she had ever felt in her life. Naked before this 
crowd of drooling idiots while the law man stuck his hand up her 
privates. She felt like a Thanksgiving Turkey on the table 
surrounded by the crowd of leering male faces.

"I can rightly see anything... you keep it soo dark in here. 
George get over here and you look. You got better eyes than me." 
Walt demanded after fishing his index finger in both Jan's 
holes.

Walt took the knee that George had had and now held for the 
second inspection.

George hastened to inspected the now public sex. He too call for 
consultation and soon the whole bar was looking, spreading and 
fingering Jans now public sex. Jan's eyes rolled up and she 
fainted long bout the third or so ring fingering she felt.

Sonia could not believe that this was happening. It must be a 
nightmare, only Jans cries and whimpering convinced her that it 
was really happening. 

After an hour or so it seemed, Max, sensing a slowing down in 
the proceedings, announced,

"Walt you dumb fuck.. I bet the blond bitch done got it on her 
all along. Boys bring that spy over here, and fix this un where 
she is." 

They took a comatose Jan over to the bar rail and with Walts keys 
released Sonia wrist and fastened Jan's right there at the same 
place against the bar rail. 

Sonia was dragged over to the dance floor and her clothes were 
forcibly removed by all the fun loving boys. Max, presiding over 
the 'search' from his chair, though, demanded and the boys 
dutifully gave each piece of rag to Walt for his search. Too 
soon, it seemed, their was nothing but blond poon and no plans. 
Ah well!!

Then it was time for the .... internal 'search' again. Of course 
everyone took part. They followed the procedure of Walt and Max 
and a whole lot of stinky fingers were had all round. Why this 
was more fun than the 'fun' they had a while ago, and less 
costly in teeth and gouged eyes. (But tarnation, would you 
believe it?? Try as they might they could not find any secrete 
plans in Soina either! Oh well no harm done... Honest mistake??)

Mike offered to reinspect this un with his tongue but Max said 
that that was not a good Idea. Them arabs done had some pretty 
bad shit down there sometimes. So they passed on that till they 
were sure these was not arab spies. But how to tell if'n they 
was??

"Boys boys...lookie here. These girls just might not be spys. Why 
they might just but what old George said afore." Max postulated.

"Try her out George, since you done noticed the talent,.. why'nt 
you see if she really is a Hotchie Cotchie Girl. Only you and me 
be fit judges of that. RIGHT?? These limp dick mothers probably 
never had one of them there afore."

George didn't need to be told twice. He flopped on the wide open  
Sonia and started in riding the shocked woman with his raging 
hard on. She was so shocked that, at first, she just lay there 
and grunted with each deep probe.

"Boys bring the other un over here. I'll try her out myself. 
Old George ain't good for more un once a day." Max explained.

The boys dragged Jan over and spread her over a table next to 
George and Sonia. Max dropped his pants and advanced upon the nice 
spread open red headed beaver before him with his knarled old 
organ. 

"Stop stop" Jan had finally found her tongue and she demanded Max 
to stop. She saw the ugly redish weapon advancing on her cunt. 
She panicked.  she thought as she heard George's puffing and 
Sonias sobbing. Then she felt the stabbing of the old thing as it 
sought to rearrange her innards.

"She might still be a spy boys. Well I'll find out one way or 
t'other. Just stand aside and let a man find out." Max said as 
he belly flopped his girth down on and stopped Jans outburst 
quickly. He attained the maximum depth that Jan had. He sought 
more but met with some obstructions in her.

Once seated inside her, he took his time and enjoyed Jans 
every twitch and turn. No urgency now just a slow soaking fuck in 
the prized red poon.....



George came and withdrew from Sonia's cunt with a pop and a 
dribble. He stood up and put away his still slimy dick. Then 
he observed, for all to hear,

"I don't know bout the other un boys but this un be all Hutchie 
Cootchie Gal. Yes sir.. and they all just loves dick.. I know 
she'd be plumb honored to take you'll on. Told me so herself. 
Whispered it in my good ear whilst I's doing her. She be a little 
shy though so you'll go ahead and help the lady out. Oh yea and 
she likes it rough so you'll just ride the bitch hard as you 
like!!"  

"FREE PUN TANG FOR EVERYONE..." the shout went out.

Sonia was just sitting up trying to covering her tits and slit 
when Ralph, a long haul trucker, jumped her bones, and slammed 
her back onto the table. Then a line quickly formed and her 
open legs were filled by a constant stream of good old boys for 
the rest of the afternoon with grunting and sweating. All were 
trying to get their nuts off. (Marshal Walt even snuck in twice. 
He really likes them blond poons.)

Finally Max arose from a pleasant, for him fourth cum of the day, 
and announced that Jan too was no spy. Her spread beaver was also 
occupied for the rest of the day. Although Max steered the bulk 
of the good old boys to Sonia. 

Max went behind the bar and got another bottle of beer. He gave 
Walt a c note and when the last dick wilted, he and George dragged 
the subdued girls to the attic room for a 'rest'. They had earned 
it. Then to see that they did not take to walking in their sleep, 
each was collared and chain locked to a wall. (For their own 
protection don't you know.)

..................................

Downstairs Max raised his hand and addressed the boys,

"Boys...BOYS... Now them girls be plumb tuckered out for now. So 
we'll be gentlemen and let um rest them cunts for their long 
journey. Then when they is fully rested in say two.. three hours.
I'm going to make um an offer to work here but well, they 
may have a date with some of the other geeks someres else, so 
don't go getting your peckers all hard for um. They may want to 
leave but I'll be my usually persuasive self and maybe...just 
maybe they'll want stay here and work for me. Wilting all them 
slimy peckers of yourn.

"Now you'll go on home to your chores and come on back tonight 
and we'll know then... Come on back...and bring money...shit with 
them's I'll probably have to charge twice the normal for little 
Sara and the other fillies in my remuda."

"BOOOOBOBOOOOBOOB"

"Now lookie boys, it's simple supply and demand. I ain't got no 
other red headed beaver so she is going to be at a premium. Then 
the other one is a natural blond. And remember too Them's is 
Hutchie Cootchie Gals.... Course to make it up to you'll why I'll 
lower, with his approval, I might add, Bruces services... for all 
you'll bent that was.. Now can't be fairer than that..."

Noone wanted the queer boy...right then. They all rushed out to 
the lot and started a small demolition derby to be home first to 
get the money to come back soonest. After all Max had said he 
only had one red headed beaver...  was in everyone's mind.

............................................

Max and George sat wearily in the deserted bar, sipping cold uns. 
They were very pleased with them selves. They were well fed, 
liquored up and bread...... (What more could a man ask for??)

"George...ya done good.. Yes sir you done real good. That red 
beaver going to think my dick be it's other clit. I like the way 
she sort of squints her eyes when I belly flop her. I going to 
get lot o use of that un...yes sir.." Max said.

"Yea and that blond ain't no slouch neither. Ask Walt you want  
testimonial. He done tore off two pieces of her during the 
proceedings." George commented to feather his own stock with Max.

"Ya I seen that. Took my money and then fucked my new poon too. 
Not once but twice. I got's to do something bout that boy... 
Next year I think I get the good town of Marleyvill a new 
marshal... what do ya think of a mex this time?? I would of 
used Jose but he probably be still in that trunk going to tocco 
land. Well there be a lot of um around. We got's a year.. Then 
old Walt be going to join Bruce out back.."  Max planned.

"Well since in't no business, think I'll go up and tear off 
another piece of that there blond beaver." George began

"No you don't. She be in demand tonight. I want her bright eyed 
and wiggly tailed for then. You want a piece you go do little 
Sara. Practice her up on her sucking. Martina's crowd likes 
that in tacco land I heard." Max ordered. "She been getting kind 
of uppity lately so I think she deserves a change of scenery."

George hid his disappointment in the loss of the new poon but 
then little Sara was a fine bitch too. Max had kept her to his 
self and the customers till now. The red head sure had his eye 
and his balls in an uproar.

 Old George thought to himself... 




Max's Cafe # 5
                        by Paladin

After a long weary trip up the stairs, Old George flung open the 
door and woke up little Sara. She looked really fine.  George thought as the 
his old pecker, only recently drained, stiffened again at just 
the sight. Small tits and small everything. She looked at him 
from her placed on the bed, chained in the room and said,

"Max finds you in here old man he'll cut off those puny balls, 
and feed um to you. You'll knows I is his private stock."

"Get down on your knees and blow me bitch. I don't care nothing 
bout Max. It's sucking I done come for." George said dropping his 
pants and dragging Sara off the bed by her short blond hair. 

He seated himself, comfortably using her pillow under his flat old 
ass cheeks, on her bed and forced her to a position down between his 
knees. He grabbed her hair and started to use her face like a fuck 
toy.

Sara was use to this treatment from Max. 

George was almost gentle with her, compared to Max, but their 
was the stink of a pussy on his slimy dick. The dirty fucker 
was disgusting. Till now Max had usually used her exclusively 
himself when their were no customers.  She hopped.. 

"I see what Max done told me be true. You'll be a frigid cunt. 
Why he told me when you open your pretty legs and the heater 
come on. ahhahahahhhhh." George said as he urged her to greater 
effort by the twisting of her studded ears.

"Where is that coat hanger he told me you like soo much? Seems 
like he said you need a little warming up, before you get into 
the spirit of things." 

Sara's blood ran cold. Her tits still ached at the very thought 
of the pimp whip... She whirled her tongue around the filthy pud. 
She swabbed the piss hole and fucked the stupid thing into her 
throat. Anything to get him off before he finds the wire Max used 
to train her. ANYTHING.....

As the bitter tasting goo spirited on her lapping tongue she 
relaxed and heard, 

"GEORGE YOU OLD PECKER HEAD GET DOWN HERE. WE GOT CUSTOMERS!! YOU 
AIN'T DONE YET... TOO FUCKING BAD..." Max bellowed from the foot 
of the stairs.

George looked down at his shrinking pecker and nodded to Sara.

She released her full lip lock on the now shrunken pud and looked 
up at the old fart. 

She sighed and kissed his balls. Then she said the obligatory, 

"Thank you for the sweet tasting cum. I loved it. You be sure 
to come back and ask for me and my mouth pussy. YA Hear."

She hated it. She resisted till the night Max instilled the 
lesson on her tits and slit. Now she knew a whore had to 
complement the patrons to get by here. Max's business demanded 
it, and she was just one of the business fixtures, now.

George fastened up his pants. He patted her on her head and said,

"Keep them lips puckered up for me bitch. Max done gave me them 
for the duration." He hastened out of the room to do his masters 
bidding.  George thought. He 
started to get another woodie and quickly had to forget it. 


................................................

"Lookie there you recognize that rig George?" Max inquired as 
they viewed, on a surveillance screen, a huge chrome truck pull up 
to their door. 

"Must be Buck and Wilma's rig. Seems like they done got more 
chrome since they's here last." George speculated. "Wonder what 
they want? Sure ain't the fine food we got here, and that Wilma 
keeps old Buck on a tight leash. So he wont be a wanting no 
poon."

"Where be that stinking greaser cook."  Max then demanded "Lazy 
stinking greaser. Should make Bruce cook.... Na make too much 
off'n his ass way it is, but we got to get another cook. Seems 
every day something new be floting in the grub."

The door opened and a blast of hot air fought the air 
conditioning inside the darkened bar.

A huge man and an amazonian woman entered. Leather clad, every inch 
of them. Covered with chrome buckles and sprouting a pair of 
handcuffs each on each hip.

"Buck, you old shit. How the hell are ya? And Wilma... when you 
going to leave that old dick head and come work for me?" Max 
demanded of the new comers.

"Get me a tequila and she'll have a beer." Buck demanded. (The 
gentleman always orders for the lady don't he.)

"Beer shit give me a tequila sunrise." Wilma demanded. (So much 
for decorum!)

Buck took his drink and swallowed it in one gulp. Max pored 
another and that too disappeared into the 'beer' belly on old 
Buck.

After half of the third, Buck smiled and began, "I ... that is 
Wilma and I got something to trade. So I thunk o' my old friend 
Max... He always be on the look out for 'talent'. So I.. we 
drove clear on over here to give you pick of the litter. That 
and to get a dust cutting swallow or three."

"Well I got a lot of stuff right now and well..." Max began.

"Come on, I told you this old fool was too stupid to do a deal with. 
Martinia..." Wilma began.

"Martina...Mar...You'd deal with that thieving mex bandit?? Why 
he'll rob you blind.. I do the best deals in this here town and I 
be a good old boy to boot. You can count on me... You know that 
Buck.. Wilma I'm hurt you'd mention that mex in my place.. I done 
thought we's buddies... What trade goods we jawing bout anyway?" 
Max demanded with a whipped pup expression face peaking out from 
his shaggy unkempt hair covering.

"Well you see we was just going along. Minding our own business. 
When these here teens in a 'vertable come up on us and started to 
be ... annoying." Buck began. He paused to sip the harsh snake 
piss in his glass for refreshment and effect.

"Bunch of teenie boppers they was. Cheer leaders fresh from some 
win at some shitty community college or something." Wilma 
interjected to speed up the thing.

"Yea'" Buck went on after Max pored the fourth drink. "Well you 
see they was trying to pass on this here little old curve and 
that kinda of pissed me off.. Wilma too."

"Ya and they was shooting us the finger so I done reached down 
and got old Betsy." Buck said, "And I done convinced then to pull 
over. Be kind of hard to drive less a rear tire, or two."

"Well Wilma, she was driving, wheeled the old truck over and I 
done got out to show um the error of their ways." 

"Liked to busted his britches, he did, when he seen the crop of 
young titties them bitches done raised." Wilma added disgusted 
like. She too held out her glass for a second refill.

"Well you know I 'preciate a fine titted frame now and then," then 
seeing Wilma's cold stair Buck hastily added, "course none of um 
be in your class honey bunch."

"We done thunk to put the fear of god in them bitches. So right 
cold like...I says, 'Hands up!', with old Betsy starring their 
dumb asses down."

"Lucky none of um said 'BOO'. Old fool would of peeded his 
pants." Wilma said and took a sip of her drink as Buck glared at 
her.

"Shit I done...." Buck began to argue.

"Aw quite your jawin and finish up. Can't you see Max has a 
business to run." Wilma demanded of the maddning Buck.

"Lookie here folks. I'd like to plaber all day but as she done 
said, I got's a business to run. You was going to tell me of this 
trading material you got. Preferably afore my beard grows so long 
I trip over the sucker." Max demanded in an attempt to hurry up 
Bucks long winded tail.

"See I done old ya... We go down south and Mar..." Wilma began.

"Tarnation woman, be you part mex? I don't even know what we 
talking bout and you wants to go south. Buck... You and me go way 
back here and I be hurt you let her talk like that to me." Max.

"You're right!" Buck said. Annoyed at the interruption of his 
story and being demeaned in Max's eye, he leaned over and 
slapped Wilma the fool right out o' Wilma, causing her to go 
right down off'n her bar stool. "Bitch gettin..."

BLAM 

Wilma shot Buck in the back as he turned to go on with his tale.

(Bitch done had a .38 in her boot. One of those snubbie nose 
revolvers, it was.)

Annoyed Buck turned around and looked at the small hole bleeding 
his red blood.

"You bitch...." He muttered and commenced to advancing upon the 
now scrambling leather clad woman.

BLAM  ....  BLAM .... BLAM BLAM BLAM

Wilma emptied her .38 into her former mate as she backed up 
trying to subdue the fool. 

Buck still reached her. He grabbed her by the throat and finally 
managed to strangle her before expiring.

Max had stopped George from interfering in the little 'family 
dispute'.

"Plumb terrible what people do to one nother. Ain't it." Max 
observed. "George go get his keys and lets see what they 
wanted to trade. Now we never going to hear Buck's fine story. 
Women..."

"Shouldn't we go get Walt to take care of this?" George asked.

"Think a minute you dumb fuck. If they's got something illegal in 
that there rig of their'n it would plumb sully their fine 
sterling reputation. We better look it over first. After all, You 
done heard him say, they done come here to give us pick of the 
litter." Max eulogized over his fallen 'friends'.

"Yea guess you're right." George observed going through Bucks 
pockets. "Plumb shame she done ventilated this here fine leather 
vest, course the pants is fine." George looked up and asked, 
"Think he'd mind if I took um?"

'You know.. we could take up out back and hold little private 
service. Just you, me, and their closest friends." Max observed 
with a beer bottle in his fist. "You know that leather cat suit 
or her'n be right comely on the red headed beaver ... when she 
needs duds. Yea I think that's what we do. Help me strip un and 
drag um in the freezer till closing time. Yea then we go see 
what them crazy truckers done brought to trade."

The task accomplished Max drove the huge truck to the back of the 
bar and he opened the large door.

"UNNNN UNNN NNNNNN" greeted he and George from the dark, 
steiflingly hot interior of the cargo box.

"Shit... George go get me a light. Smell like something done died 
in here." Max demanded. "But I also done smells poon.."

George returned with a light and then he too climbed into the 
cargo box of the truck. Their was a sporty car (some what the 
worse for the two flat tires and some dents and scratches) and 
chained in front of the car were three naked females. Their 
necks were connected to a chain fastened to each side of the box's 
cross members.

They too were somewhat the worse for their ordeal. A leather gag 
was padlocked in each mouth, effectively silencing the hapless 
females in their boiling stifling prison.

"Now don't that beet all. Old Buck and Wilma up and dying and 
leaving these 'trade goods' on our door?" Max observed as he 
sought to undo the locks holding the nudes to the box, with keys 
from the ring they had found on old Buck.

It was hotter than blazes in that box but to save them wilted 
souls Max and George endured till the securing chain was undone.

"Now come on girlies we gots to get you little heinies out of 
here 'fore you'll melt." Max observed holding an end of the 
chain and leading the stumbling nude captives in to the light.

The captives, after being roasted in the box for most of the day 
did not object. Then covered their treasures with their hands as 
best they could and limped out into the light. The paused at the 
drop off the back of the box but Max jumped down and slowly 
pulled the now reluctant females out and onto the ground in back 
of the cafe.

"UUUFNFNNENNN" they tried to draw his attention to the gags and 
the chain around their necks.

"Yea well lets get you'll inside afore you burn to a crisp in 
this here sun light." Max said and he advanced into the bars rear 
door with the chain end still firmly rapped around his right 
hand.

 went through Max's 
mind.




Max's Cafe # 6
                        by Paladin

At the sight of the new poon old George's mind want into over 
drive. This was a bumper crop of poon and the titties was so 
*jiggley*. He ran his hand over the nearest soft white ass and 
then he, with a burst of inspiration, said to Max,

"Whyn't we keep um all."

"What for. We done got us a good string and they be all black 
beavered anyway. Why if'n I didn't have Martinia coming soon, 
and the blemish it'd cause on Buck and Wilma's fine memory,
I'd be plumb tempted to throw um back." Max replied with a 
twisted smile that showed the gaps in his multicolored teeth.

"Now don't go getting you balls all in an uproar but I got's an 
idea. I saw this here group of drawings once by some guy, name 
of Du.. someng. Line drawings they was, and they showed a bits 
of a rodeo, with naked poon being the cows."

"Now picture this here little heifer" George said rubbing a 
smooth curved naked back, "being chased by, say old Billie on his 
old nag Nellie. Now she'd be a running her little ass for the 
'ther end of corral, titties, a swinging this away and that, and 
Old Billie boy, he be a twirling his old rope a trying to catch 
her ass. Course she be wearing a cow boy hat and high heel 
boots."

"What for he wanta do that?" Max demanded with a curious look at 
his cohort.  Max 
thought.

"Well we promote a 'rodeo' out the ranch and we charge admission 
and the poon here be the cows and prizes." George went on.

"Still why he wanna do it from his horse?" Max asked 
skeptically. "I mean he come here and he can plunk down his coin 
and get a piece, no horse, no rope or shit like at air."

"He be a cowboy ain't he? Least wise he thinks he be. And then 
their's young Bud he be another un and their be a bunch of 
others. Why their even be some mexs that 'uld like to think they 
be cowboy. They all be plumb busting to compete, if we uns play 
these little heifers right. Think on it man." 

George went on explaining his brain storm. "Why to show they be 
best cowboy... they be just dying sign up to show they stuff. We 
could charge um to compete too. Just look at that regular rodeo 
over Edgar county. Them good old boys done lost teeth, broke arms, 
and shit and they's a doing it with some mangy old cows. Here they 
get to work with nice poon and even if'n they don't win. Why they 
can still fuck it. For a price... a course."

"And them pictures you seen. Thay's good?" Max asked 
skeptically, but his mind was already working. "Maybe we could 
copy um for posters. You know spread um over town... Discretely 
o' course."

"NO NO You can do at there. Some old crook, out west, got um 
copyrighted and he get's awful touchy bout people like us'n 
coping um and shit."

"Shit... well we get one of them mex's does shit on black velvet 
to do our'n. Be dick stiffning just to look at um. Bet they be 
better anyway.. That fellow ever show up here you show me his 
sorry ass. I'll blow his pecker off.. Restricting poon art... 
Shit.."  and Max meant it.

"Yea and them poon run like blazes." George went on.

"Why's at?" Max asked as his expression soured. He had found 
the flaw in the argument. 

"Cause we let the cowboy, gets um done up in shortest time; he 
get's to put his brand on um somewheres." George explained.

"Yea yea. I think that be a good idea."  "Why 
we could have poon dogging, and poon roping and then...." Max was 
stymied with naming the events but his eyes lit up with $$$.

The captive girls be standing there the whole time, and while 
they was relieved at being out of the oven of the truck, they 's 
horrified at these old men discussing their fate so casually. 
They were women. College educated women, not cattle to be 
chased and roped and... what all. They couldn't. They just 
couldn't.

"Why poon riding and then we could give Best Cow Boy a free 
night with the heifer of his choice. Bet it be biggest thing in 
the county in years." George speculated with his left hand 
palming a soft round hunk of tittie meat.

"Why'nt we use all the bitches. I bet that new bitch...you know 
the blond poon, be a real runner, she has the look, and she sure 
be a screamer too. She got the legs go clear up from pay dirt to 
her tight little ass hole."

"Why I see'd them big knockers 'o her's swinging as she try to 
get away." Yea Max was now taken with the vision. It was dick 
stiffening, course most times poon did go straight to Max's 
little head, but this was a real throbbing boner this time.

"George watch the bar for while. I got to go up see how the red 
headed beaver be settling in to her new home." Max ordered as he 
started the long climb to the attic room where Sonia and Jan were 
recovering from their gang bang. To relieve the strain on his 
jeans he unzipped his fly as he went. Then he was lead by the now 
dripping little head. (Guys ain't that always the way. Damn thing 
always leading ya on? It just got a mind of it's own.)

"What I do with these here fillies?" George said holding the 
chain attached to the dehydrated disheveled college girls.

"Take over to the freezer. Don't wana get um over heated now do 
we. Them is valuable stock. I'll go get rid of the truck after I 
done fu... see to the new red poon, and her sister cunt..."

George dragged the chain to the freezer. The coeds shook their 
heads and stamped their feet and tugged but to no avail. Then he  
secured that end to the far wall. He ran his hand over a pair of 
now hardening nipples on his way out the freezer.

"Yes sir be a fine crop of tits you got there darling. I be back 
shortly. Now don't you'll go way."  He said as he left them, and 
slammed the big solid door. He secured the pad lock to insure 
that no one would stumble over the now cooling poon. 

A car drove up and as soon as George saw the pair of men that got 
out, he knew their was business for Bruce. George though decided 
to draw these old 'boys' out a bit. Nothing George liked better 
than tricking passers by, specially queers...

The surveillance camera had shown George two men dressed in tight 
black leather garments. He had sized um up as they got out the 
car. A Beimer no less... In cowboy country...

Fucking fags, they was... George knew it. He got some dirty 
glasses and filled um with the cheep beer. 

He offered. "First beer be on the house for you'll new qu... 
customers."

"Oh gee I would like that but I really need to go to the little 
boys room and pee first." the slim smaller one said with the lisp.

 George thought.  They 
ignored the beer as he knew they would.

"Oh would you lookie here. These cows are soo cute Ray. I just 
can not make up my mind which one to use. Are you butch today? Or 
am I?" The fag went on.

 George thought poring himself a taste of rye to 
dull the throb of his head and stifle his dick. 



The heavier one, who had taken up a place at the end of the bar, 
across from old George, called out through the empty bar,
 
"This is your day Jonnie. I'm the fem.." then he turned to old 
George and leaned over the bar and whispered, "This is Jonnie's 
birthday and I heard you'll have a .... resident... well shall 
we say ...might interest him?? And I'd so wanted to.. to give 
him something special for today. Something he will never 
forget."

 George thought, had he decided to play dumb and 
see what fun could be had here. After all it was a slow day and 
well, they was queer, and Max would be a while upstairs. 

"Resident? This here is a bar. I... I don't know what else 
your's driving at man. I'm only an employee here. Maybe you 
want's the manager" George began with a curious look on the 
portion of his face visible above the shaggy beard. He stroked 
his beard, like he was thinking... real hard..

"Oh you mean you'll want some of the mex pokie. I got a open bottle 
right here."

George pulled out the fiery brown illegal liquor and a clean 
glass.

"Best in the county. Max gets it straight from the..." he started 
as he made ready to pore some.

"No No I'se thinking of something of a more... shall we say.. 
human in nature?" The fag hinted.

George looked from the bottle and feigned perplexity. Then a 
smile dawned over his rugged features.

"Well there is old Rosa. She is an old gal and ugly but I done 
heard that she take out her teeth and..." George said with a 
straight face. He had to bite his cheeks to keep from busting out 
in laughing.

"No You do not understand... We don't hold with women." the fag 
said exasperated.

"Now man I don't like to rain on anyones parade. I mean live and 
let live be my motto, but well their be a big ass marshal 
herebouts. He takes a very dim view of anyone he catches fucking with 
one of the sheep here bouts. Course, for a consideration, I 
know'd a fellow over by..." George started with a serious stair on his 
face. Again he managed to stifle the smile trying to bust forth.

"No no you really don't understand. You see he and me well we 
like MEN." the man said exasperated. "You know..."

"Shucks man. I done told you that I don't like to rain on 
anyones parade but, I like my poon straight and ..... Oh OH Yea you 
mean old Bruce... our back." George said with a breaking smile over his 
weathered face. He couldn't stop it this time. "Yea, yea, that might 
could be arranged, course we got to sort of come to an sort of
understanding." 

Old George quickly covered his lower face with a hankie, and 
dabbed at his eyes to mop up the tears of mirth he could not 
stop.

"Well what kind of understanding?" the man asked.

"Well you see... Old Bruce.. he don't kind of go for it either 
less you sort of get him in the mood." George explained.

"Get him in the mood?"

"Well he goes for cow boys with spurs and whips and shit like at 
there." George went on. "Now you boys would have to dress up in 
cowboy shites and really take charge of the old boy. You know 
spurs and whips and... That be his thing.."

"Why partner...I think we finally come to a meeting of the 
minds." The man said adjusting his suddenly tight pants.

Smiling George said, "Cash in advanced and it's extra if'n you 
don't use your own whip. I got the spurs right here and I'll 
throw in the hats to boot."

The price haggling went on for a while but the deal was basically 
made before the other smaller man arrived from the men room.

The gay men went out back and started to dressed in the 'cowboy' 
garb and to advanced upon a slumbering captive Bruce.

************************************************

While this was going on Max had made the long climb to the attic 
room where he 'interviewed' new potential employees. 

He unlocked and opened the door. There were the two college girls 
on the floor clutching their legs to their tits and trying to 
hide themselves. They peered up from the 'protected position' at 
the monster in the door way who had so debauched them a short 
time before. When their eyes fell to his crotch level, a familiar 
bobbing head stuck out from between the zipper teeth.

It hungered for them again. It would not be denied. Deep down 
they knew this......




Max's Cafe # 7
                        by Paladin

Max stood in the doorway looking over his new poon. They were his 
to do with as he might. Like a miser looking over his gold Max 
got his normal woodie stiffer. 

Both girls were seated, naked, on the floor. A collar locked 
securely around their necks was chained to the wall. They had 
drawn up their knees to their chins to cover themselves. They 
looked down and hoped for something, someone,... anything to 
come and save them.

The constant dribble of fresh cum from their holes and the 
bleachy taste, though, let them know this was no joke. This was 
reality...

"Don't you'll look cute." the monster in the door way began.

The girls stiffened and cringed under his gaze.

"Now we all know you is Hutchie Coutchie Gals and their ain't no 
need t....."

"No their is some mistake. You see we were...." Jan began to try 
to reason with this monster. She had looked up from the 
mesmerizing stiff sex organ protruding form its snug harbor in 
Max's crotch, just in time to see a large rough hand descended.

Slappp

Jan rolled over and lost her grip on her knees. She felt as if she 
had been hit with a shovel. Her jaw ached and she felt some teeth 
loosen. She flattened out on her belly, daised. She sprawled out 
face down on the floor, and lay still. Modest was lost she just 
lay there.

"Don't never correct me gal. I say you is Huchie Cootchie Gals 
and you is. Now we got that out the way, I want you'll to behave 
like you does in the circus geek show you'll done come from." Max 
went on calmly as if he had swatted a fly.
 
Only his dick swayed to and fro, like a primeval one eyed snake 
seeking a victim. In truth it really was....

"Now I'm going to give you'll, out of the goodness of my heart, a 
job here at my poon bar. Why just think of it gal!" Max punctuated 
his remark with a toe to Jan's side, "Roll over gal. Afore your 
little brownie gets full of me... or my boot. Like I was saying 
I'm going to give you'll a home and good old boys to fuck. Why
you'll will be fucking and sucking up a storm every night, and no 
need to drag your cute little buts across one county line or 
nother one. The Marshal hereabouts be right friendly... Aint that 
so blondie?? Now that be fair. More than fair. Don't it cutie." 
He directed his later comments to the shaking Sonia.

"Look whoever you are their has been some misunderstanding. 
We..." Sonia stopped at the sight of Max's raised hand.

"Gal I done told you, slut friend, I don't like to be corrected, 
specially by whore and I plumb don't like your attitude. That 
cold above it all act be over as of now!! No both of you get on 
your knees and spread them for me. Be quick about it or I be 
taking it unfriendly on your part." Max said waiting for their 
imminent surrender.

The girls looked at one another. They had no choice. They got up 
to their knees, then opened their legs. This was too much each 
sought to cover their precious crotches with one hand. The other 
arm went naturally across the soft pink little nipples. They 
felt like errant children there peering up at the fat hairy 
monster that was their master.

"Gals... Gals... no need to be so formal with old Max. I done 
seen them cunts afore. Now get those hooks of your'n away afore I 
stomp um." Max demanded.

The girls, fearful of the consequences, did as ordered.

Max's grin was ear to ear. 

"Why just think of it gals. No more traveling around with them 
tents and such. I guarantees you'll always have a roof over your 
heads and stiff dicks to suck and fuck. You'll do the donut with 
lezzies does ya?" Max asked the reddening nudes. Their hands 
fluttered at their sides at this impossible question.

"At's one thing I can't abide with. Lezzies...Puthhh" he spat, 
"Waste of good poon. YA... Now where was I... Sucking and 
fucking... speaking of which would you lookie here, my old 
peter done gone and got his self all bent out of shape for 
you'll. So, you'll being the neighborly kind going to service 
him... Ain't ya?? Do him good poon. He don't take kindly to 
you'll and I going to kick some those cute buts into the middle 
o next week."

Both girls looked horrified at the black eyed monster and 
shuttered at what had been ordered.

"Lets just start with a more friendly pose for him. Both of ya 
reach down there and open them lips. Friendly like... " 

A glance between the pair and their hands rushed to do as 
ordered.

"Poon, He be anxious and I be getting impatient. I knows it be a 
great honor so I'll afficiate. You blondie.. crawl over here and 
get a lip lock on the sucker. He likes that. And you red lay down 
on your back and stick them scrawny legs in the air like you is 
real happy to see him." Max ordered. 

(These gals moved, rather jerkily to the desired positions, but 
they would have rather have eaten bugs.)

Sonia reluctantly crawled over and kissed the stiff white tubular 
projection.

"Now ain't that cute. Just like on it's first date. Girley, I 
done told ya none of that kissie grab ass shit..take that thing 
into your head and get to slurping and a tonguing. He don't like 
his suckers to tease him. You keep that up and he'll piss right 
in your eye." 

Sonia covered the staring eye and almost vomited at the stale 
cheesy taste of it. She looked up pleading with the monster but 
he grinned down and said,

"Good ain't it you Hochie Cutchy Cock Sucker. Probably best you 
ever tasted ain't it? Which un tastes the best red here or 
little Sara from afore?" 

From his leering expression and attitude Sonia knew the desired 
response.

Fighting down her revulsion she forced a smile and while nosily 
slurping the disgusting organ she smiled. She smiled her best, 
What the girls in the dorm would called a "Shit Eating Grin". 
Never had she felt it was soo approiately named. 

 
went through Sonia's mind. 

Max, now that his pud was nestled in a warm wet hole, turned his 
attentions to the apple of his eye. Despite the slurping and 
tongue ministrations of the blond the red beavered poon spread 
out before him held his attention.

"Red don't just lie there. A dick likes to know it's welcome and 
wanted. Rub that little nubbin and make that hole all wet and 
friendly for him. Or do I got to go stick my boot up there and 
ream the damn thing out..... No No keep them legs in the air. I 
swear if'n I did not know better I'd think youse apprentice whores. 
One thing I can not abide is apprentice whores. I sell um to 
Martinia. He has this whore house somewheres deep in Mexico. He 
ain't kindly like me. He uses a barbed whip on their tits first 
off to get their attention. Then he goes on to some horrible 
things."

"Scares them titties something awful, but he gets results. I seen 
one of the girls I sold him, just like you, Why she plumb begged 
me to take her back after just a week with Martinia. Good hearted 
me, I would have done it too but those flayed tits and all. I 
just could not see no profit in it. She is probably still down 
there. Wonder if she still got then titties? They was all 
swelled up and... Oh yea, that is why I done has to be sure 
you'll is who I thunk you is. Else wise I'll just cut my losses 
and call the mex bandit Martinia."

Jan resolved to keep her aching back stiff. She kept her legs in 
the air and started to furiously rub her clitoris. She looked 
through her knees at Sonia's now frantic sucking of the monsters 
dick and hoped she got him off before her own back broke. 

Swoopooooop

The monstrous proterbance emoted from Sonia lips and sought out 
Jan's red furred center. The head must have had some heat or 
moisture seeking guidance mechanism as Max dropped onto the poor 
terrified girl. It found and stuffed the resisting hole.

"AHAHAAHHHHHHH" Max effervesced. 

Jan felt her eyes bulge. The damn thing was probably going to pop 
her eyes out. She struggled to get comfortable with the monsters 
worm twisting and turning inside her belly. This was not to be as 
Max reared back and demanded,

"Bitch I don't like to fuck dead beavers. You better get a hustle 
in that little red ass or your'n or you'll make me think you is a 
novice and in need of old Martinia's whip." He reached out and 
grabbed two hands full of titties and commenced to trying to 
bury his bone in Jan's mouth... the long way...

Terrified at his words Jan commenced to fuck the monster back. 
She met him thrust for thrust. She was fucking for her very life. 
The hurt in her mamories kept reminding her what the whip would 
do to her soft white globes.. She found a reserves of energy 
that she never knew she had.

Sonia flexing her jaw and rubbing her bruised lips looked on in 
disgust at her girl friend. Scared as she was, she did not like 
to think that she could do what she was seeing. Meeting the 
monster thrust for thrust...

Max now getting his dick pleasured looked around at the resting 
blond poon and ordered, 

"Don't just stand there with your tongue hanging out bitch. Show 
me what a good ass licker you be. And it better be a good un. I'm 
bout to make a call south on your lack of enthausim. ..... Damn 
lazy bitches. Martinia get them to....."

Fear gripped her heart. Sonia literally dived in between the hairy 
dirty moons, that were Max's ass cheeks and started to frantically 
lick anything she could reach. Hoping to keep her stomach from 
upchucking Sonia fluttered her precious tongue in the reeking 
crevice.

"Now that is more like it. I knowed you two was Hutchie Cutchie 
Gals.... Ya more tongue in that old glory hole. YAAAA AHAHAAA
AA!!!!"

Jan was rewarded with the wet feeling as the monster dick seemed 
to swell and then burst to spew its seeds inside her twitching 
hole. She unwound from the hairy mountain between her legs and 
stretched out. She felt the slimy worm like thing, once it spit, 
begin to shrink and slither out of her. Her insides began to 
return to their rightful places.

From her place beneath the mountain of flesh she perceived 
Sonia's blond head moving back and forth over the hairy moons.

Jan knew that all her little freckles would merge with bruises 
form this and the other fucking, to give her a black brown and 
blue complexion. Her cunt and vagina began to throb. 

She knew that she would never fuck for fun anymore. She was 
ruined forever more. She would give up sex. She would go become a 
nun. She would sew the damn thing up. She would...

"Nice job bitch. Now next time I want you'll to put some feeling 
in it. Why I liked to fell asleep there right at the end. Why one 
old gal I had here, some kind of religious nut, had to fuck her 
over a slow fire. Finally did put some life in her cunt. Now I 
got to do that to you'll?" Max related as he drew himself to his 
knees. The now limp slimy snake hung down like a rope coming from 
his filthy black pants.

He grabbed Sonny's head and positioned her face to his now slimy 
shriveled organ.

"Here at the bar, you'll going to clean the customers dicks afore 
they leave the room. Bad for business guy go downstairs with a 
shitty dick. Get to it Gal."

Sonia did not shirk her duty. She licked and cleaned like a baby 
kitten with a bowl of milk. 

The slow fire stuff had converted her. Sonia would do it all for 
the horrible man.

"How long you say you gals be with the circus?" He demanded of 
the now resting Jan.

Seeing a response was required she stammered,

"A.....well ..... Not long...."  

Her mind was screaming the denial but she knew the consequences 
so she had to agree. She would agree to anything... She just 
hopped it would stop but the slurping sound from Sonia's 
servicing of his dick showed her it would go on as long as he 
wanted.




Max's Cafe # 8
                        by Paladin



Down stairs old George and the queers had just about settled on a 
price for old Bruce's services.

George though, with an eye to the future video market had, 
with a straight faced, told them that they had to put Bruce 
'in the mood', by wear cowboy duds, using whips and such shit.

He had explained that Bruce was a theater arts major from a 
big city college, who did this scene for fun and to put himself 
through college. George further explained,

"But you see he gets so tired of it, day in and day out, same old 
same old. So he needs his fire lit. Now you boys look like you 
could be just the type to make his day. Decked out in the right 
kind of garb."

John said, "Well as long as it isn't too kinky. I mean we do have 
our standards you know." John looked over at his partner for 
confirmation.

Roy smiled and nodded back at his little buddy.

"Well then the price just gone up." George demanded. "If'n I got 
to go do the stirring up well..." Shaking his head to signify he 
wasn't happy about having to enlightening old Bruce.

"Now wait a minute. Partner. We had a deal." Roy demanded.

"Then you'll going to have to go with the flow." George related. 
"Or pay double..."

"Well long as you say he needs it. I don't really see no harm, Roy." 
John said shyly and the former price was just right. 

"Yea well OK I'll go along, long as he really goes for it." Roy 
said indicating his lover.

"Now you'll got to wear these here cowboy duds and that is all 
you'll be a wearing." George spoke snidely. (It was hard to keep 
a straight face while spinning the tale out soo far..)

"What?? Why isn't what we got on good enough?" demanded Roy 
indicating his stylish leather outfit. He was butch right down to 
his pointy Italian shoes.

"Cause Bruce don't go for just any stud muffin. He goes for his 
kind of cowboys. With leather chaps and then dangly spurs, pink 
hats and shit like that there." George instructed, "Why you think 
he stays here to do his tricking? ..... Cowboys..... So you have to 
dress up like... or the deal is off..."

"Wait a minute... Roy we'll look plumb ridiculous." John said 
dejected when he saw the garb old George produced from under the 
bar. The Chaps, made of vinyl, were all glittered up with sparkles 
and the boots, also of vinyl, had pointy toes, and sparkles too.

(Do the phrase Rhinestone Cowboy mean anything to you?)

"This just won't do." Roy demanded. "This ain't real cowboy 
stuff. This is soda cowboy stuff. We'll look plumb ridiculous. 
Ain't you got something better?"

"Well Their is some real stuff, chaps, vests and shits out back.  
If'n I's to rent ya.... no Max'ud kill me, I let you'll run off 
with his stock. I mean... no na I can't do it." George played 
them along just like a big old catfish in the big muddy, 
(anything for an extra buck).

"Look let us just *RENT* the good stuff from you and you keep the 
proceeds. Now that would be fair." Roy observed.

"Ya well, whats to stop you'll from running off with the hole 
remuda when you'se done with Bruce. No Na I can't take the 
chance....Unless.... NA..." George related with a shake of his 
old head. (The hook was there just out of reach and they were 
coming along just like he wanted.)

"We rent um from you and give you a guarantee. What kind of 
guarantee you need?"  John asked anxious to get on with the 
fun..  His stiff member already threatening to tear his narrow 
pants.

Old George observed that his new customers were by now three 
legged men. He had um now so now, he sank in the barbed hook in 
deep.

"Well I'll do the deal if'n you'll leave your own duds on the bunk 
house fence as a sign of good faith that you'll return the shits 
when you be done with old Burce out there."

"You mean we go in with the cowboy duds and you hold on to our 
own clothes as guarantee?" Roy asked skeptically. He did not 
trust the barkeep with his stuff.

"No sir. I don't want to hold your clothes. .... Just put um on 
the fence there where I can see um and be sure you ain't a 
trying to stealing Max's good cowboy duds." George demanded.

"Well I don't know... Roy..." John quizzed his partner. True it 
would be a new scene but .....

"Anything for you Jonnie you know.. that. After all it is your 
day." Roy said. (That sealed the deal.)

"Shit we drove plumb out here and I got my horn up for this 
sucker so .. Yea we'll do 'er." John decided with a flurish.

The two men went out back to divest themselves of their leather 
clothes and then they started to put on the 'real Cowboy duds'. 
Shortly they noticed a slight problem. Their were vests, chaps, boots 
with spurs and pink cowboy hats all right, but no pants and the 
clothes were old and had seen better days. They also were sweat 
stained and frayed.

Outraged John strode back into the bar and confronted old George in 
his red silk briefs only. His dick, clearly outlining his desire to 
get on with it but well it was embarrassing. dressed like this.

"What in tarnation do you spect us to do dressed like this?' John 
demanded. Roy slunk in behind his partner, nodding his head. He 
had his hands crossed in front of his sex but he was obviously in 
heat for the encounter, or was it the sight or his lovers ass?

"Well hell man I didn't know you was going to go trapsing all 
over the place, Man don't point that thing in here. Max runs a 
family place in here. You'll go get out there and see old 
Bruce." George demanded keeping the queers from behind the bars.



"But their ain't no pants in them smelly duds, man." John explained.

George looked incredulously at the pair and said.

"Pants??? Pants?? What do you need pants for man? You'll shy or 
something? I thought you'se was interested in some old in and out 
with old Brucie there. Now get on with it or get out. How the hell 
you going to do the dirty with boots on and your panties down round your 
ankles. Get on out of here and take off the panties, shit. I 
done told you old Bruce likes the cowboy stuff. Now got on with 
it! He'll just melt at the sight of those dicks." George had to 
turn away to hide the mirth in his face.

The pair of fruits looked at each other and saw the twisted logic 
of it. With slouching shoulders they went out back, removed the 
last of their own clothes and donned the abbreviated cowboy garb. 
They carefully folded their own clothes and placed them neatly on 
the bunk house fence. Squaring their shoulders they observed a 
stick out appendage that rairly saw the light of day.

"Well John the chaps sure do set off that old log of your'n." 
Roy said getting into the spirit of the thing. The sight of his 
partners penis poking out from the chaps and casting a shadow on 
the worn black leather boots was plumb dick hardening to him.

"You don't look half bad your self Roy." John observed. "I guess 
that old boy back there did have something bout these cowboy 
duds. Why if I did not know you, I'd fall for you all over 
again. Cow boy all the way." 

The pair presented old George with quite a sight as they hobbled 
to the little shack where Bruce was kept. The pair of them in high 
heal boots, with spurs, chaps, leather vests and pink cowboy 
hats was ...... well different. It was also recorded for a future 
video by the hidden cameras and tape machine. Old George while 
viewing this, had tears in his eyes. These old boys were going to 
really light old Bruce's day. 

******************************************

Bruce was imprisoned in the little shack, out back, naked, just 
like the girls inside the cafe. A wide collar around his neck 
that was attached to the wall. (Old Max did not show any sex 
difference to his pleasure employees.)

The door opened and two men entered with their logs stiff. This 
pair were horny and decked out in a parity of working cowboy 
gear. Bruce whose normal customer was a horny long hall trucker 
starred at the invaders with mounting fear.

"Now look here...ER... men. I am a prisoner here and I don't know 
what they told you but well please help me to get away." Bruce 
tried to explain.

"Well I don't know, Roy. Maybe we should..." John began in a 
moment of compassion.

"John, don't be a fool, that old boy out yonder there done told 
us this be part of the scene. Let's go with him. Go get down that 
whip yonder and lets get on with it. I bet we could make him 
dance up a storm if'n we aim for the pecker..." Roy cajoled his 
doubting side kick.

John rushed over to the wall and was stymied at the selection of 
leather implements. 

"Which un do you think he'd like?" John asked no one in 
particular.

"Don't, please don't, I don't like any of them please justr...." 
Bruce pleaded..

"Bring me the long snake like un and please your self John. This 
here old boy likes um all, I'll bet." Roy demanded. (His dick was 
standing straight up and hard as an iron bar. It was the first 
time he had had the power to whip another man and that was 
intoxicating.)

John no sooner handed him the bull whip when Roy unlimbered the 
thing and flexed his wrist.

SNAPPP!!! The leather sang off to the right side of the hapless 
pleasure employee.

"NO NO Please don't hurt me I'll do anything you ask. Just don't 
hit me with that thing." Bruce pleaded shielding his exposed nuts 
and soft dick with his hands.

"Jonnie get your self down one of these here things, or try here 
out. Why this here action be plumb invigorating. Just try it. 
Here here take this un and see if you can dust the suckers nuts 
with an underhand cut." Roy demanded of the party boy.

John reluctantly took the leather handle and promptly snapped the 
handle back and hit Roy a glancing blow to the nuts... by 
accident.

"DAMN DAMN THAT HURTS...JOHNIE BE CAREFUL.... Here 
let me show you how it is done." Roy shouted as he snatched the whip 
from a horrified John.

Bruce, who had observed the amateur handling of the whip stood up 
and tried to dissuade the obvious amateurs from their whip 
handling. Roy observed his target no longer protected by hands 
and flexed the leather tongue out to caress the shriveled fleshy 
tube.

"OHOHOHOHOOOOO GODOODOGGGOOOO" Bruce doubled over 
and coiled up protecting his now stinging penis and holding his nuts in 
a death grip.

"Please Please no more I'll do anything. Don't hit me with that 
whip..." Bruce begged.

Roy said, "Now I think we got him going. Jonnie go get yourself 
another whip. A short un you can control. I don't want any more 
accidents with my nuts."

John ran to the wall and took down a short leather strap and 
returned holding it up for Roy's inspection.

"Yea, that is more your speed. Now stand over to the side of him 
and commence to reddening that flabby white ass of his'n."

John started out slowly and was very reluctant to stop even when 
the white moons had turned red. (He too became enamored with the 
power over the helpless Bruce.)

Roy stayed John's hand and ordered Bruce,

"Get on up here sucker and pleasure my old log, or I'll have him 
continue to play with your ass. I might even take a turn on them 
shriveled nuts of yourn."

Bruce scrambled to his knees and housed Roy's log with one gulp. 
He reasoned that John would cease his playing when his friend's 
dick was in Bruce's oral cavity.

John held up his hand and Roy demanded,

"Deep throat that log you queer bastard." Roy held Bruces hair 
and withdrew form the moist hole. He shook his head 'yes' and 
John struck the sore ass with his leather belt.

Bruce stunned looked up and opened his mouth to howl but Roy 
plumbed for the floor through Bruce's body. All that came out was,

"AAAANANNUUUUUMMUUMMUMUNNNN" 

"Now that is more like it." Roy observed.

From his vantage point old George thought, 

Roy came in no time and Johnnie took his place. He was not as 
demanding as his lover and Bruce easily got him off.

While the queers were resting and getting um up for their next go 
at old Brucie the door bust open and the Marshal, with his 
tailored tan uniform and pointy star burst in demanding,

"What in the Sam Hill is going on here you perverts? You men are 
molesting this poor young boy. I ought to blow you away."

The long 7 1/2" barreled Colt .45, in his hand left no doubt that 
he could do just that. The moment was electric. Both gays, 
dressed in their abbreviated cowboy costumes, cowered there with 
their now shriveled peckers covered by their hands. No argument 
were possible, no defense. Then old George appeared behind the 
Marshal. He hesitated not one minute. He tapped the law man 
behind the left ear and down went the officer of law and order.

George then rushed over to the cowering queers shouting,

"You boys is dead meat. Marshal here got word some how and he 
wants your asses..... I done cold cocked him out of it for a 
while but well you boys got to make tracks out of here...Now! 
Else wise when he comes too he is  mad enough to get a rope 
right now. Why he might even string me up with ya!""

Roy said, "But But we.... I mean we got ..." 

"He'll settle for your car and clothes maybe but well if you want 
to argue about it... Look over there..." George directed their 
gaze over to the returning boys for their nightly fun at the 
cafe. 

That hog leg Colt's eye convinced them to vamoose... Pronto.

George handed them a key and said,

"My old pick up be at the corner of the building. It be full of 
gas and if'n I was you'll I'd take it and run like blazes. Don't 
stop till you got back where you came from. I'll try an hold um 
off."

Jonnie saw the logic in that and ran out the door. Roy grabbed 
the key and ran after him. Old George winked at the prostrate 
Marshal. He stood up and went to the door. He started to 
slowly empty the contents of the Colt in a lazy bracketing 
pattern around the fleeing gays.

"Stop!!! Stop you damn queers." Marshal Wade shouted.

Then when they were in the beat up old pick up and headed east he 
turned to old George.

"How did I do?" he asked George.

"Fine fine. Then old boys going to be running clear to the state 
line. They sort of run funny. Must be the boots.. Well let's go 
divvy up the clothes and stuff. Max gets his off the top o' 
cource. " George observed as he and the Marshal moseyed to the 
fence and began to pick through the garments left behind by the 
fleeing gays.

"Should do this more often." the Marshal speculated.

"Na regular customers wouldn't stand for it but these tourists, 
they be easy pickings." George told him.

*******************************************************

Upstairs Max heard the shooting and looked out at the fleeing men 
in pink cowboy hats. They jumped into the old pickup and tore out 
of the parking lot.

Max smiled. 

Max walked over to the wall and unhooked Sonias tethering.

"Come along little doggie. The boys are going to love them lips 
o' yourn." he said as he dragged the naked blond away from her 
friend and down the stairs to the bar.




Max's Cafe # 9
                        by Paladin

Sonia was embarrassed but she was not able to do anything to stop 
Max from dragging her in his intended direction. The monster 
lead her by the collar attached to the chain. This he held 
securely in his massive right paw. She could not resist as he 
exited the room. (She wanted to stay with Jan. She wanted to hide 
her nudity...She wanted to go home to her mommie...) As he 
dragged her outside the confines of the room, she quickly tried 
the two handed sex cover she, and all her sex, had used from time 
immorial.

Max hesitated in the hall, and returned to the door frame. From 
there he bellowed to Jan,

"Gal I come back in here, I want to see that there poon o' yourn 
facing this here door and all juicy and ready for my old pecker. 
Now You get them pins up in the air, all friendly like. Good... 
now they better be that a way when I get back. Now show old Max 
how them circus animals like their poon.... Come on gal you know 
what to do.... Strum that bud.. You'd best get to it,.... better 
'n that, girlie afore I come over there and put my boot in 
'er..... That's better... Just like that there. Now you keep her 
all nice and mushy for me. I'll be back sometime and I want to 
see 'er just like at there. God I love a red headed beaver. 
Hunch.... Well come along little doggie. We got's to put you to 
the plow."

SLAMMM

He closed the door and then flung it open suddenly.

"Don't you go being let me down gal. Keep them pins up there. 
AND . Just think of one of them animals you liked whilst you 
was in the circus. Did your act have a goat??? .... Or dog??? 
No never you mind. Old Max 'll think of something good for your 
little poon."

SLAMM

Jan, thoroughly terrified, kept her legs up and continued 
stroking her clit till she was sure he had left and she heard 
the retreating foot steps. Only now was she 'safe', with him 
down the stairs. She knew those boots would surely hurt stuck up 
her ass and she was sure the monster was not joking with her. She 
secretly prayed he would forgot about the animals. She hopped....


She had known MAX a short time but she feared him more than 
anything in her life. Shuttering at the thought of him. 
Unconsciously she continued to rub her love button and 
was dumbfounded with the shattering cum that resulted. 

**************************************

Sonia was mortified as she was dragged by her neck down the 
stairs and into the bar like some dog following her master. Naked 
as the day she was born, dripping sperm and smelling like a 
whore, clutching her tits and slit with her hands. She cringed 
when Max led her to the bar and said to the assembled men,

"What was all the shooting bout?? I miss some fun?"

He reached into the cooler and bit the top off a bottle of golden 
yellow fluid. He took a long long pull and went on,

"Fucking these Hutchie Cotchie gals is sure draining on a man. I 
plumb parched." Max wiped his dribbling lips on the back of his 
sleeve and put down the bottle on the bar. His left hand slipped 
in Sonias fold. He commenced to fingering her holes. (As their 
owner it was his right.... wasn't it...??)

"Aw just had to run off a couple of queers." George answered. 
"Left so quick they left they duds. Added them  and their car to our 
stock."

"I heard um drive off." Max interjected.

"Yea they stole one of the mex's truck.. Plumb can't trust them 
queers. Marshal here is going after um... in a while.. I reckon." 
old George answered.

"Fucking must agree with this old gal. She don't look all that 
worse for wear." George observed. "Why I wouldn't mind a piece of 
her tail right about now." running his rough old left hand over 
a smooth white expanse of Sonia's right ass cheek.

"Plumb fuckable. Why she sure nuff looks ready." Marshal Wade 
added as he reached out to fondle a firm white mound of the 
reluctant girl.

"Hay Hay that'll cost you Marshal. You ain't no employee. Now old 
George here.... Well it is part of his salary.... You are a city 
employee. An officer of the law. A role model for the young uns... 
You wanna fuck with her you pay the standard fee."

"Aw Max you know I can't afford the prices you charge, sides 
you're the mayor and you should just give me some." Wade wined.

"Well I got some poon I need warmed up and delivered. They be 
black beavered but well beggars can't be choosers."

"George run out them little fillies for the Marshal. They be 
probably cooled off by now." Max ordered.

George went into the back and withdrew the cooled students from 
the freezer.

"Manual you pay tension to your cooking. Max'll cut off your 
slimy brown log of your'n, he seen you even looking at some of 
his poon, like at there. You be cutting off another finger tip 
and I don't want none o' your parts in the stew." George 
admonished the cook laboring over the evening fare for the cafe.

 Manual thought as he hid his woodie under the table.

The cheer leaders, first over heated in the truck box and now 
frozen from the freezer only too happily stumbled along led by 
old George. After their ordeals they had no fight left in um. 
Docily they followed the tug to their necks. What more could 
happen to them.....

A tent seemed to have risen in Marshal Wade uniform pants. Now 
the male rod threatened to poke a hole through the denim. He 
would warm um up. Black beavered or no. Wade was not a prejudice 
man. In his vision of the world, especially now "POON WAS POON".

"George give the Marshal the leash. I think he likes these little 
ones." Max ordered. Max was idly fingering Sonia's goodies and 
directing the others like some king holding medieval court. 

"Marshal, I need these little ones shorn and deposited at the 
corral at the ranch. Now I could have old George here do er, but 
we got the dinner crowd to take care of and other things. So you 
think you can do that. I'll call Philipie, the barber, and tell 
him to get out his sheering stuff. I want to remove all that 
nasty black stuff off um." Max inquired. "I hates black beaver. 
Married one once. Cold hearted bitch when she spread her legs the 
heaters throughout the county went on..."

"Sure nuff Max I'll do 'er for you, but when do I get to fuck um?" 
The marshal asked.

"Well I'll just leave that tween you and your pecker. They be 
fuckable now but all shorn down they be plumb dick hardening. 
Makes no never mind to me." Max related, "Long as they wind up 
all nice and snug in the barn tonight when I go out there. 
Course if'n you think you'd rather be out chasing them swinging 
dick eaters I could get someone else."

"No No I'll do er for you Max. You know I'd do anything for you." 
The Marshal declared. "Sides them dick eaters be running out of 
gas right bout now and they'll be there bouts till I go collect 
um."

He grabbed the leash from old George and starting out the back 
door.

Max removed his index finger from Sonias works and held it up to 
her face.

"Cum soaked bitch. I sware you Hutchie Cutchie Gals is just 
magnets for it. Suck that up and clean that finger so I can dial 
old Philipie and not fuck up the phone." Max demanded of Sonia. 
"And get them paws down. Why if'n I didn't know better I plumb 
suspect you is inexperienced at showing off them titties."

Sonia blanched, but when a frown started on Maxes old face she 
decided to do it quick. She released her precious fleshy orbs and 
took Max's wet digit to hand. She guided it to her mouth and 
began to clean the mess off it.

"Use that little pink tongue to clean the whole thing. Plump 
forgot to wash them suckers after I done fucked girlie up there." 
Max demanded while she had the filthy digit in her mouth.

When the finger was clean to his satisfaction Max punched the 
number in the phone. As soon as this task was done the finger 
commenced to tracing Sonias neither lips and works.

"Gal you be one horny bitch.. I like that..."

"Philipie... that you.... I sent that worthless lump Wade over 
with some of my poon. I nee..."

"Philipie.. I know you ain't no pussy sheerer, but you got yourn 
tools.......

"Ow come on...It is just like you does with the sheep... Little 
less hair maybe but I plumb like the way you done them sheep 
other day over at Henrys."

"NO NO you don't have to screw up your place. Do um in the yard 
out back of your place. That be better all round."

"Yea well I'm betting on you Pardner. Do um up good. I want um 
slick and shinny. Plumb dick stiffening."

"Well...OK but only one... I want um out the ranch afore sun down 
and you take too long to come again after the first spirit. Tell 
the Marshal I said it was all right."

CLICK

Max held up his finger again and Sonia engulfed the stinking 
digit. This time without being told she cleaned it and blew it 
dry.

Max diddled with the servalence camera and adjusted the zoom to 
cover Philipie's fenced in yard. He observed the Marshal arriving 
there and he punched up the record button. 

"This'll make a plumb entertaining scene for a movie. Why I know 
I'll dedicate it to Buck and Wilma's memory... after all they did 
provide the poon." Max vouched. That task started and the 
recorder preserving the scent Max turned his attention to Sonia.

"Now gal I usually have a friendly little card game in here at 
night and I likes to have the losers all go home happy. That's 
going to be your job." Max revealed to Sonia.

He led her over to the card table and fastened her collar to an 
eye bolt under the table.

"Now when we is playing I want you to go from man to man. Get a 
lip lock on im and drain the sucker dry. No candy ass kissy shit. 
You suck them peckers and do er quick." A horrified Sonia heard 
from under the table.

"George come over here and try her out. Gal need some practice 
afore the big game."

Sonia heard a shuffling of feet and then a pair of naked knees, 
levies around the ankles appeared with her under the table. This 
presented her with the view of a withered old penis and slack 
ball sack between the hairy thighs.. She was horrified at the 
view of the vile thing and the task required of her. She pulled 
back to the limit of her chain and stared at the horrible 
disfigured organ she was to service. Suddenly her neither lips 
were bathed with a low flame. She lurched forward to safety 
between the legs. Reluctantly she  engulfed the withered old 
stump like organ out of shear defense.

When he determined that she was frantically sucking the dick, Max 
released his pressure and withdrew the butane lighter from under 
her ass.

"I catch you slacking off and I'll just light you up again. You 
hear me gal."

Sonia grunted but continued her frantic servicing of old Georges 
organ. The daised smile on George's face was a sight to behold.

"George, you old fart, you getting a good suck, or do I do er up 
again?" Max inquired.

"Gal sure nuff got the hang of the thing. She can swing on my old 
log any time." George observed with his satisfied smile. He took 
possession of her ears and directed the sucking mouth like some 
fuck toy.

Hearing this Sonia commenced to make slurping noises hoping that 
that would forestall any new flames at her already smarting ass.

"Mind gal you keep them pearly whites to your self. Can't have 
my customers going home to the little woman with teeth marks. You 
just puts lots of suction in er." Max ordered the subjugated 
woman.




Max's Cafe # 10
                        by Paladin

Meanwhile at Philipie's front door, recorded by MAX's 
surveillance camera, Marshal Wade arrived with his coffle of nude 
females. He called out to the little house,

"Philippie you lazy shit, get out your tools, and get your ass 
ready. You got customers." the Marshal said dragged his charges 
to the front door of the modest little adobe house. 

As he reached for the door knob, from the front window a reply 
informed the Marshal,

"Senior Max, he call. He says I can do um in the yard. So take um 
out back and I'll get my tools. I be there pronto for Senior 
Max. But I no want the all that hair and shit in my nice clean 
hacienda." 

"You ought to be plumb honored to have all this poon on the hoof 
in your house. You dumb greaser." the Marshal argued as he led 
his reluctant charges, through the street, to the rear of the 
house. He let himself in the rear gate and closed it firmly 
behind him.

Then the Marshal, while he waited, commenced to again examining 
the poon. In the bright sunlight the cheer leaders nudity was 
plumb inspiring to any man's gonads. As Max had observed the 
tit fairy had been extra generous to these gals.

The horrified captives were mortified. Lead through the streets 
and now standing nude, and tethered in a dusty yard. The yoked 
around each neck assured they could hide nothing from the 
onlookers. Their charms being examined by this ... this man.

Here an officer of the law was running his hands over their 
treasures and comparing them like animals for sale on an 
auction block. Weighing a tit here and plucking a labia there. 
Why it was just not dignified.... Besides his hands were dirty. 
(Just no pleasing some women. Men now are easier to please long 
as they are doing the feeling up.)

A dirty little brown man emerged from the back door with some 
tools in his weathered brown hands. He stumbled at the sight and 
stopped right there just outside the door. Dumbfounded by the 
sight of all this female pulchritude exposed for all to see in 
his humble back yard. Truly Senior Max had honored his sheep 
shearing business. Philipie was proud. His humble talent had 
been recognized.... by this great man.

"Senior Max, he find the best putas you bet 'u. I...." he said as 
the tools dropped from his dirty hands. He advanced, with his right 
hand outstretched. It was drawn to the feel of a smooth white 
fleshy orb. (The tits owner turned to avoid more of the pawing.)

"I.... Madra de Deos. This puta be all tities. I like... Wait...  
Wait... This one, she is.... I... this...." 

(Decisions ....Decisions.... Philipie wanted ...... well just 
like you... he wanted to fuck um all...all of um....)

The dark brown paw went from the tit to a black beavered cleft on 
another unfortunate prisoner. This one too tried to turn away from 
his unwanted fondling but a firm grip on the pubic hair held her 
in place for the brown index fingers insertion. Just like when a 
sheep pulled away from the little brown man during his shearing. 
He was experienced with sheep... Chained and naked these women 
were truly just like sheep for shearing.

Philipie's pants stood straight from the crotch at the first 
sight of the string and now the fabric strained to contain the 
woodie as he was now convinced. These *THESE WERE REAL!!*  No 
mirages for the little brown man and his pecker today. Naked 
gringo putas in his own yard and he could use one....  he thought as his fingers slid into an unwilling 
vagina.

Truly Senior Max he must favor me for my talents...

The third girl turned to escape the greasers hands and was 
rewarded by the invasion of her ass cheeks instead.

Philipie was on over load and not to be denied. If he could not 
feel the tit or cunt... then an ass would do. He closed with the 
third bitch and wedged her into the fence. He reached around and 
captured her left tit with his left hand. He pushed his right 
hand up along the ass slit to the warm pink hole hidden there. He 
now had all her privates in his possession. Philipie was a happy 
man. All he needed was for his dick to replace his finger and...

"I fuck this bitch..." He announced. 

"Now hold on there pardner. Max told me you was to shear um but I 
don't know nothing bout no brown pecker ramming the poon." Wade 
said. "Course maybe me and you can come to some greement for a 
slight consideration."

"Senior Max say I get to do one of 'em, and I choose this un... 
now...." Philipie informed the official, straining to relieve 
his hardon from the confines of his jeans. He tore the button off 
the jeans when it did not release fast enough...

"I guess if'n Max says it's ok, then go do er. Your little brown 
brain won't be fit for nothing anyway till the blood shifts from 
that slimy brown pecker of your'n anyway." The Marshal observed, 
(Besides he wanted a piece of one of them too, to relieve his 
straining pecker too. This now was his chance too. Their were soo 
many nice warm wet little holes for him that he resolved that this 
would not be just a one time hump.)

 the Marshal thought.



Meanwhile Philipie had his drawers down around his ankles right 
there in his dusty yard. 



He forced the object or his lust to bend over and stick her upper body 
through the opening between the second and third fence rail. Her 
head and her tits hung down on one side and her smooth white ass 
stuck up there all bright and fuckable right in front of the 
stiff brown pecker. (Who could ask for more???) The heat seeking 
... or was it the moisture seeking guidance in the brown muscle 
sought out and gained purchase in the dark fringed hole. 

As they were linked together, all the unfortunates had to assume 
a similar position. Head down and ass up divided by the fence.

As if it had been choreographed, they all commenced to bobbing as the 
overexcited mexican forced his dick in and out of his choice fuck 
hole. He seemed to go wild in the soft pink depths. (So it was 
not all that wet... So it was really almost dry and tight.) The 
sex mad mex's woodie did the thinking and stuffing. It went on 
automatic... Sex mad automatic... His speed seemed to go from 
fast to frantic...

(Ain't that always the way guys?? You can't trust them stiff 
dicks.. but you got to love um!!)

Drawn by the oscillations of the whole troupe of girls, the Marshal 
unzipped his stylishly creased pants and sought to find a docking 
port for his white organ. He was hard pressed to find and skewer 
an oscillating available hole of his own. He finally settled for the 
bitch farthest from the horny, humping of the crazed mex. 

The oscillations were less here, so his pecker soon found a black 
hair framed hole bounded by two lucious white moons. He bent his 
knees and probed for his goal. He gained entrance after a few 
tries. (Moving targets are hard with a hardon, but the guidance 
of that thing went through with it's search, and target 
acquisition smoothly any way. Nature been doing this sort of 
thing for..... well long 'nuff.)

 The Marshal thought as he sunk into the now wet depth of 
the captive's bowels. (Any hole in a frenzy)

She squealed but then who was listening to her? He loved it and 
his dick loved it so two out of three.... Close enough for 
a city employee.. even the chief law man hear abouts.

Philipie reached his limit of endurance and spewed his load. Even 
though it hurt he continued to hump the nice white ass, reluctant 
to relinquish his formally pleasurable position. He hoped for a 
renewal from �he cock fairy.... (Fat chance!) He looked over and 
the fat gringo Marshal was porking the end puta. 

 he prayed. (Right faithful cuss he 
was.)

Philipie bent over the girl and grabbed two hands full of those 
marvelous tities. He grasped them and twisted like the handles on 
his old kitchen sink. Anything to revitalize his hard on. (This 
caused the helpless girl to twist and give more pleasure to the 
Marshal love muscle.)

"Come on you puta... Come on... more ...  more .... Andela" 
Philipe ordered.... then begged... but he had shot his wad... 
The damn thing refused to stiffen. (Damn shame ain't it guys?)

Philipie gave up his quest for another woddie and stepped back 
from his pleasure hole. He damn near broke his neck, hobbled by 
the jeans, but with the blood flowing to his big head again, he 
resumed thinking. He adjusted his stance. He raised up and 
adjusted his jeans.

Longing for another dick to use on the crop of swaying white 
moons, Philipie observed the Marshal's humping.

 

Philipie retrieved his shearing tools and got out the long 
extension cord. He connected the electric razor and advanced on 
the swaying smooth white asses. He toyed with the idea of goosing 
the Marshal with the now buzzing instrument. 



The Marshal backed away and turned from his 'docking port'. This 
gave Philipie an unobstructed view of the shriveled organ and 
stopped his thoughts of goosing the Marshal during his fucking.



"Well don't just stand there you ignorant greaser. I done cum and 
I only do gals so don't you be getting no perverted ideas. After 
you done here you can go find your friends .... uh .... whatever 
you wanna suckie. Now just get on with the shearing I got these 
here poon to deliver out to the ranch. Then some car stealing 
queers to go round up..." Marshal Wade ordered tucking his 
pleasured organ inside of his tailored pants always careful to 
insure that the slime flowed where it did not show.

He wiped his hand on a smooth white ass and watched with 
disinterest as the little mex, taking advantage of the exposed 
asses, spread the moons, and proceeded to cleaned up the black 
hair radiating around the rear holes first.

This produced violent shaking of the females. Never had they had 
anyone do this denuding of their most private of holes, besides 
it tickled.

Philipie moved on and did the bottom of the labia and took his 
own sweet time.

 He lingered over the 
rear of female organs and marveled at their smooth pink lips. 
Then to insure the pink inner skin was done, he took the liberty, 
of fingering each milimeter of skin. Their was no stubble left 
here. Then he went on to the next one. Slow going that's for sure 
but worth it.

It seems to take forever to the anxious law man. (No 
appreciation for perfection in that man.)

"Come on you lazy greaser... I got places to go and things to do. 
Can't you hurry this up. You ain't even started on the bushes yet." 
the Marshal demanded.

"Gringo jew want do this, jew go ahead but I tell Senior Max and 
he cut your balls off I bet, you scratch um." Philipie observed 
as he continued to run his dusty brown right hand over the last 
labia. He was getting another hard on. Along with stiffening his 
prick, his back bone took on a straighter position..

"Well OK but put a little hustle in it...." the Marshal demanded 
exasperated. He knew Max had ordered the shearing and would be 
powerful displeased if he found them half done... 




Max's Cafe # 11
                        by Paladin

Meanwhile back at the bar Max's attention was divided between the 
images of the events taking place in Philipie's yard and the 
customers lining up for Sonia's lip servicing at the card table. 
True the camera was recording all the remote events but, well, 
Max wanted to see it all first hand also. 

Max was sure he missed getting his rent from a few players 
during the hands of cards while he was enthralled, observing 
the shearing / fucking in Philipe's yard. Those who were past 
over got the 'circus' gals mouth for free. What a prize give away 
for a bar!

Sonia was sucking #20 or was it #21. The dicks just kept coming. 
She would be only half way done with a slimy meaty rod and she 
would hear another chair draw up to the table. Another pair of 
knees would appear at the periphery of her vision. They would 
frame another stiffening slimy organ in a forest of icky smelly 
pubic hair. 

Her lips were numb. Her neck hurt and she knew she would never 
get rid of the slimy salty taste of cum from her taste buds. 
While she was thinking of her troubles, she lost her 
concentration on the job at hand.... This un was a gusher.

Sonia commenced to coughing as a load was shot into the wet 
hole, but it went down the wrong way. This loss of her 
concentration caused the spew to be deposited in her bronchial 
tubes. The result was now her nose commenced to running cum. 

 went through her 
brain as she struggled to breath. Now she not only tasted cum but 
she smelled cum with every ragged breath she managed.

"Max I think this un is plumb full up." came the comment as a
hand seized her hair, and pulled her straight up. While she was 
choking, and attempting to bend over her new assignment, a grisly 
old face poked itself under the corner of the table, and went 
on, 

"Why she done swallowed so much cum her hair's done turned all 
white. Max we need another one. One that is really really 
thirsty. One like that red beavered poon I heard about from 
this afternoon. Yea my old horn 's up and I ain't had none of 
this here gal's mouth loving going ta do er for me. Why I ain't 
had none for a month of sundays. Bring out that other circus 
gal... The boys say her poon be pure red velvet. You know the 
red beavered one they done told me bout." the old man demanded.

Annoyed, Max turned his attention to the sniveling novice cock 
sucker's table and retorted,

"Now you hold that there pecker of yourn by the tweezers you'll 
uses to find her and my employee will do her directly... That is 
if'n your sure you don't want me to have George fetch old Brucie. 
Seems to me you and he done hit it off right friendly like, last 
time you come in here....." Max stroked his shaggy beard and went 
on, "Or was it one of Sam's sheep you was mooning for them?" Max 
took a pull on another long neck bottle to moisten his 
disposition. The video had caused him to go dry... It had also 
got his 'horn' up again for some poon. 

The old man let go of Sonia's hair and resumed his seat at the 
table. He reached into his vest and drew out a draw string poke.

"I plumb got a hankering for that red un Max. This hear suckie 
suckie white um just don't get my old pecker up." the old man 
complained. 

"Rob that there poon be private stock .... for the moment... Why 
I'm thinking on keeping her private for my own pecker... Then too 
their is the fact that she's done fallen in love with my old 
meat, from the last time..." Max answered. "Why she be upstairs 
right now just a pining and a strumming her bud for me. And you 
want me to betray that tender feeling... You is plumb heartless. 
Probably got a stone in that scrawny chest o' your'n."

"Ya big ugly bug faced fool why in tarnation would a gal like 
that even want to be in the same room with you... I know... 
Lets see if it is love or .... what.... How bout $1000." The 
old man answered.

"Naaa you old billy goat, sides where'd you get a thousand 
dollars american, if 'n I was to says ya??" Max demanded.

The old fellow smiled and pored out a dab of sparkling yellow 
metal from his poke onto the green felt covered of the card 
table.

"Gold good nuff for trade hereabouts?" he inquired. "I'm plumb 
out o' green backs but this here be better anyway."

A hush fell over the crowd. All eyes went to the little bit of 
gleaming metal on the felt table covering. The old desert rat 
had been out there for years and judged by most loco. But here 
was a factor no one had taken into account. (Had he found the 
mother load??)

"Why that ain't near nuff." Max observed. "It'd take ... let me 
see... 5  .... no .. 6 ounces to make a thousand dollars.."

The old man shuffled the poke again and more of 'The Sweat of the 
sun' as the indians called it, flowed out.

"I reckon 3 ounces be more that nuff to make a thousand and a 
right nice tip for the poon." the weathered old man observed. 
"Now go get the scales you use for the loco weed to measure it 
up. That is if you ain't craw fishing on the deal, Max."

Max was in a conundrum. He wanted to keep the red beaver for his 
self, and he wanted that poke and the two seemed mutually self 
exclusive. He went to get the scales and put it on the bar. He 
turned the adjustment knob full tilt seriptiously. 

 Max 
thought confident in his deception of the old desert rat.

"Now this here coin be an honest ounce." the old man said 
removing a Canadian Maple Leaf from his tattered jeans. He placed 
it on the scales and to everyone's surprise it came up shy of the 
scales indicated ounce. (Obviously Max had been selling um their 
smoke cheaper than he ought... Such a benefactor to the lonely 
cowboy out there on the range.)

"Dang thing must be broke." Max observed.

"NA I think it just be out of adjustment." George commented. "I 
think we done been giving away the smoke as of late." Putting a 
better light on the situation.

The crowd that had gathered to see the yellow metals weighing 
groaned, but looked on with interest as the desert rat and George 
adjusted the scale so it read an honest ounce.

 Max thought. 

When the adjustment was completed Max took possession of the coin 
and bit it. Sure nuff the metal deformed proclaiming it was indeed 
the soft yellow metal and not a copper or lead substitute.

Max made to place the coin in his pocket but the old man 
demanded,

"I'll have my coin back Max. It be my good luck piece, you know. 
Got great sentimental value, then too the thing be worth big money 
too."

"Oh yea, I plumb forgot." Max answered reluctantly giving back 
the deformed coin. "Now let me see ...  Seems to me that gold was 
$ 200 or was it 250 an ounce..."

"You tarnation idiot it was close to $400 last paper I saw." the 
wise prospector demanded.

Billie Bob brought forth the financial page and settled the 
matter before blood was shed. Reluctantly Max agreed to 3 
ounces but made a mental note of where the old man put the poke 
in his vest ... for future reference.

"Rob you got a claim somewheres up their in the hills north or 
here?" Max inquired.

"I sure nuff got me a find but it ain't north and I ain't saying 
where it be. Only me and old 'Nelly' know where it be and we 
ain't known to be right talkative. You are welcome to talk to 
'Nelly' nd see if you can get that old mule to talk. Why if'n 
you did I'd split my poke with you. Be plumb nice to have someone 
to talk out there on them long lonely nights."

"Now you done got my coin. Bring on the poon!!" Rob demanded.

Max looked at the screen longingly. He had the 3 ounces of yellow 
metal. He would have been happy to leave it at that but the crowd 
would be disappointed. Reluctantly he started from behind the 
bar.

"Come on upstairs you old fool and I won't be responsible for 
your continued health. If'n she pulls that wilted old stick you 
call a dick off with her poon.... Just you member, I warned you. 
that gal got the snappiest poon I done ever seed." Max retorted 
as he and the old prospector started up the stairs.

The crowd surged forward and followed the pair to the locked 
upstairs room where Jan was being kept.

**********************************

Jan perceived a huge herd of feet approaching.

With a groan she raised her legs up high facing the door and 
commenced to strumming her bud.



She heard someone fiddling with the lock. 



"Now you see! This old gal been keeping it nice and mushy for 
me...AIN'T YOU BITCH??" Max demanded

"Ye.... Yes.... Sir..." Jan said straining her neck to see her 
owner.

Framed by her legs she perceived Max's demonic continence, and 
then her gaze showed the old man... Now her eyes focused on the 
sea of male faces seeing her in this horrible position. She 
started to lower her legs and covered her slit with her hand.

"It's OK gal these here is friends of mine. I share my poon 
with um.." Max started with a scowl starting on his face. "I told 
um how much you love my old dick in that there hole."

Jan saw the change of expression and quickly locked her knees up 
and returned to rubbing her sexy little organ. She feared Max and 
his parting promise to kick her hole full of boot leather.

She lay back, stared at the ceiling to escape the sea of male 
faces ogling her privates and awaited the monsters disposition 
of her treasures. She would have no voice in their use so she 
tried to lose herself in masturbation. 

 Jan 
decided in her mind...




Max's Cafe # 12
                        by Paladin

Viewed now only by the inanimate camera and tape machine, Philipie 
aided by the Marshal, denuded the unfortunate college girls of 
their former secrete bushes. Soon they looked like they had when 
they were born. (All smooth and shinny!!)

The girls were not happy and sought to turn and buck but as the 
Marshal, with a modified tit up pull hold, held them, Philipe 
demonstrated why he was the best damn sheep sheerer in the 
county. His dirty brown hands unerringly guided the electric 
razor from lip to belly to other lip. No wasted motion in the 
boy. All that time as a boy fucking his uncles sheep and 
learning his craft now paid off. The girls privates could not 
escape his professional touch.(Max new talent when he saw it.)

Running his lily white hand over a soft fold of cunt flesh the 
Marshal said,

"Slicker than shit. Man I just come and I'm getting a hard on 
again already. Old Max sure nowed how a poon should be showed 
off. Hold this un while I tear off another piece. A man's got a 
needs. You know."

"Well.... she sure is hard work and eye too wanna pork another 
one. I hold for jew and jew hold one for me." Philipie demanded.

"Why you little greaser... Didn't you tell me that Max done give 
you call on just one. And didn't you'll just ram that disgusting 
little pud in .... um ... this un... or was it... Aw shit you 
done had yourn. You greedy little shit.."  Marshal Wade bellowed. 
(Notice he too had a tough time thinking with all the blood 
migrating away from his higher thought processes to his little 
headed pud.)

"Senior Max is fine man, but what he don't know won't piss him 
off." Philipie ran his hand over another smooth white labia, 
"This not be like a bar of soap... You can't wear it out. I know 
this I try and try, with Rosa and others. Still there and still 
works. Besides jew not let me. I won't help jew." the brown man 
said standing up to his full height before the lusting law man.

"Aw shit...." Marshal Wade said, "Hold the bitch and I do the 
same, but don't you go blabbing bout this to any of your greaser 
friends. Man could get a bad reputation hanging out here with a 
degenerate like you."

The two men now forced the coffled gals again to bend through the 
fence rails but this time face up. All them rested their asses on 
the creaking second rail. They were presented with an 
uncomfortable, but clear view the cloudless azure sky.

The Marshal stepped up to a pair of straining closed legs. The 
girls had not believed that the Marshal would pork um before, let 
alone allow the greaser to have access to their charms. Now they 
were sure and this one tried to close her treasured hole from 
this bastard.

"What the matter gringo? Little pussy whipping big gringo?" 
Philipie goaded the efforts of the Marshal to access the desired 
hole.

Wade parted the straining legs and stepped between. The denuded 
labia, although bobbing and weaving with the owners attempt to 
hide, beckoned the Marshals love muscle. (Man just wanted to find 
a warm moist place to rest it. But that girl, just like all her 
sisters, wanted to play hard to get. Or else maybe did she want 
it in her ass??)

Why the poor man had to physically guide the rod, by hand, to the 
moist dark moving hole. On his third try he found the hole.

"Ahhh!! Now you just buck all you like now gal... old Wade be a 
knocking. Damn .... Damn bitch done gone all dead on me Philipie... 
What you do when a greaser gal goes all stiff on you?" the 
Marshal inquired.

"With a dick like mine this don't be the problem. It probably be 
too small. She no feel it. Move over and I poke her awake for 
jew." Philipie offered.

"Na I don't think I'll give up on this un just yet. Go get me some 
of then Jalopienios you'll keep for putting anything like meat." 
the Marshal demanded.

Knowing that he would not get his turn till the damn Marshal 
came, Philipie hastened to his kitchen and came out with a glass 
jar of the requested peppers.

Marshal Wade stuck his middle finger in the jar. Stirred it 
around and then with a quick fluid motion whipped his hand under 
the now stiff female ass. He sought out and skewered the girls 
neither hole with the coated finger. He pushed in and pulled out 
for a few strokes to insure the fiery spice was all over the 
tender anal membranes. Then he straightened up and awaited the 
coming flurry of activities.

The grunting and movement stopped again as the poon tried to play 
possum. The girl did not know what to think.  She thought as the 
penetration or her secrete hole by the digit ended. Then the 
searing, burning of her innards began.

She commenced to bucking and thrusting with all her might. The 
Marshal just relaxed and let the pink labia's rise up and attempt 
to twist his stiff woodie off. (Real inspiring that mex spice.)

"Now that is more like it gal. I knowed you had the inclination. 
Just needed the Motivation. Philipie... bring back that there 
jar. Gal seems to be slowing down here a might."

She commenced to violently shaking her head and renewed her 
humping of the hated pud.  she thought. 

Fucking the bastard was bad but the fire in her ass hold was 
worse. She wanted nothing else in the world but to get the damn 
thing done... before that damn jar and it's fiery contents 
returned to plague her innards again.

"Jew fuck up my spices." the mex stated and he too took a place 
between a pair of long white legs. He imitated the Marshal. Soon 
this gal too was bucking under the chemical stimulation.

The other girls resolved to fuck without the necessity of the 
jars content, if given the chance. The spice must be burning 
their friends new ass holes.

********************************

All this was played out under the unblinking eye of Max's cameras 
and recorded on the tape machine under the bar.

Old George, who had been forced to mind the bar, passed the time 
wondering what a gal with a burning ass would do to his stirring 
old pecker. He looked longingly at Sonia there under the card 
table. She had her head in Eddies lap and the gurgling sounds 
were evidence of her ministrations to drawing forth of his essence.

 Old George lamented in his mind.

"Man that gal sure nuff do know how to clean out my old tubes." 
Eddie stated as he stood and started to secure his jeans. No 
matter that only moments before he had had a devil of a time 
getting them down over the swelling muscle. Now it was all 
knocked down and clean up.

"Well I think I'll mosey up stairs and catch the show of the red 
poon and old Rob doing the dirty." Eddie proclaimed.

"You'll be moseying over here and paying for the services of that 
whore afore you do any moseying up stairs. You know the rules, 
pay as you cum." George demanded.

"Aw I just plumb forgot, George! You know how it is." He reached 
under the table and affectionately petted the ample tit flesh of 
Sonia. "Good sucker." he added.

Eddie reluctantly settled up with old George and then ambled on to 
the spectacle of the red beavered poon and the old prospector.
                                                 
Now their was no one else in the bar but George. Sonia did not 
count. She was one of the facilities. 

George again looked over at the video screen and marveled at the 
way those gals were straining to give their all to the damn 
Marshal and the greasy mex.  George 
thought.

He located the keys to the lock that kept Sonia fastened to the 
table and strode over to there. He unlocked her and dragged her 
out from her place under the table.

"Come on little poon. I got an itch for your slit. I know'd you 
probably be hornyer than Dom's old goat and I aim's to scratch 
that itch in there. No need to go all modest on me.. I done had 
you afore. Now bend over that table and pick out a nice place on 
the ceiling to admire." George ordered the near cationic woman as 
she started to bring up her hands to cover her privates.

George forced her first to sit on the card table. Then he pushed 
her down on her back as he stepped up, forced her legs to open 
and leaned over to slobber over her small pink nipples.

Sonia was still trying to recover from all the cum entering her 
gullet. She must have had ingested a gallon of the slimy milky 
man juice.  went 
through her daised mind as she was lowered onto the table and 
attempted to make her self comfortable. 

 Sonia decided. George had other 
ideas.

He grabbed her knees and forced them back to her chest. Then he 
unfolded the legs and leaned on her calves till her ankles came 
to rest up around her ears.

George reached into his back pocket and, with some string he had 
there, secured the ankles to her collar.

"Please no that hurts. My back is all..." Sonia tried to protest 
but her entireties fell on deaf ears.

In face old George pulled back to admire his handy work and went 
back over to the bar for some leather throngs.

When he returned he saw Sonia attempting to undo the knots he had 
so recently placed on her ankles.

"Just like the ungrateful poon you is. I'll fix at." George 
explained.

He grabbed her right hand and forced it down through the 'v' of 
her legs. Then he did the same with her left hand. He flipped her 
over and dragged her hands around behind her thus trapping her 
legs at the knee with her own arms. He them flipped her over so 
she was again on her back.

"Now then you is ever cow boys dream.. All poon and ready. Why I 
plumb got a mind to call up three, four friends to have a go at 
you..... Bet you'd love it."

From her position on the table Sonia could do nothing. All her 
holes, mouth, cunt, and ass were open and accessible to the old 
goat and anyone else who happened by. Even her tits were squeezed 
in between her legs.

Truly she was, in this captive position, every cowboys dream.....




Max's Cafe # 13
                        by Paladin

Old George ran his hands over the straining compressed tits. He 
possesively he tweaked the pink nipples of the now pretzel shaped 
lump of female flesh and said,

"Kind of nice ain't they." Then he fingered her labia and tested 
her vagina. Next he traced the furled brown rose of her brownie.. 
"Decisions ..... decisions... gal my old log done wanna be 
dividing into three and doing all them little holes of you'rn at 
the same time... Being a fair man I'll let you tell me now which 
un you want me to ram?? Don't be shy just speak right up here."

"Please let me lose and I'll do you. I'll do anything... I'll be 
good ... make it good for you....Just let me loose.. My back is 
killing me... You'll kill me like this..." Sonia whimpered.

"Tell you what... You do me up real good and I'll ... well think 
on letting you a loose." George said as he advanced to the top of 
the table with his pecker dangling down through his fly. He 
dragged Sonia up so that her head was not supported. Advanced 
so her head hung down between his fat thighs.

As he advanced and his purple knob came to rest on top of her left 
nostril. Smiling at the pleasurable sight he demanded.

"Come on gal... I thought you supposed to wanna be all fired up 
to get a lose. Get a lip holt on that old log and show the dang 
old thing how much you really really care... bout  pleasuring my 
it."

Sonia flexed, rolled and exerted super human effort to catch the 
wrinkled flaccid old dick with her lips. The effort caused 
screaming pain in all her twisted up flesh but the idea of being 
released was tantalizing... Anything to get lose from these 
bonds. She stretched her neck, even though it hurt her tired 
neck muscles and opened her oral cavity to it's fullest.

On the fifth try she got her lips around it and suctioned on it 
as if her very life depended on it. At that moment she felt it 
probably did. It was disgusting to do this but she had no choice. 
Why just a day go she would have gotten sick at the thought of 
taking the putrid thing in her precious mouth. Now though...

"Gal you be one of them there, natural born cock suckers." a happy 
George exclaimed as his old log began to stiffen under the oral 
manipulations of the straining lips. 

Sonia wanted to object. She wanted to go home. She wanted.... She 
kept her lip lock and suctioning of now stiffening pud. To her 
relief she felt the damn thing was responding. She frantically 
worked her tongue over the knob and piss slit.  she thought praying for relief. She did not think that 
her body could keep up this effort for much longer.

With a sinking heart she felt the thing slowly beginning to pull 
out or her straining lips. She redoubled her efforts. She 
hollowed her cheeks but it was no use... The organ withdrew 
slowly and finally came to rest on her forehead. She continued to 
strain to get at the dick as it leaked precum and saliva on her 
forehead. She resembled a fish gasping for that next swallow of 
water. George let go of her hair and smiling at the pleasing 
sight, said,

"NAAA too many guys done used them lips. I don't like public 
toilets, or whores mouths. I think me and my pecker 'll just 
strike out for a new and tighter surroundings. You done got too 
much cum in that there hole."

George circumnavigated the round table 180 degrees and came upon 
another selection of available harbors for his, now stiff, organ.

"Decisions.... Decisions.. Gal these seem to be the nicest set of 
holes I done come across in... well a while... Which un you most 
want have old George fill... at the moment...."

"Please do my vagina.... Please do it and hurry I'm dying here... 
PLEASE..." she begged.

George advanced the woodie to her straining indicated hole. He 
placed the tip at the gaping pink mouth like opening. He placed 
the purple, now moist knob there and enjoyed the nipping of the 
neither lips.  he thought.

"Gal that sure be inviting but my old log just naturally seem 
drawn to smaller tighter regions." he said as he drew back and 
let the organ slide over her perineum to her 'tighter region'.

The furled brown rose like opening strained to keep shut. He 
couldn't... He wouldn't....

"NO PLEASE NOT THERE LIKE THIS YOU WILL KILL ME.... Please do my 
vagina... PLEASE... I'll split up the middle...." Sonia begged...
"You'll tear me...PLEASE..."

"Vag... what??? What you mean gal. My and my pecker get plumb 
confused at them fancy words." George said as he inched his love 
muscle into the straining shut small docking port.

"No Please.... No.... I beg of you.... FUCK MY CUNT!!!! Not 
there...." Sonia cried..."NO Not there... Please..."

"Cunt.... why'n you say so in the first place?? Now I got little 
home boy here all fired up for some brownie.... I don't know..... 
Maybe if'n you ask him real nice..... Try again and see if you 
can change his little fucking mind??" George said with a short 
thrust. The purple head gained a little purchase into Sonias ass 
grommet. But only a slight bit went inside. The majority of the
head still stayed outside.

Through the blinding pain Sonia commenced to begging,

"AHHHH OH GOD please Please do my cunt instead.... You'll split 
me in half this wap... Please....PLEASE FUCK MY CUNT..... 
PLEASE........ AAAAA   NOOOOO...."

At this point and time Sonia would have gladly eaten shit to 
forestall the onward advance of the purple head ever deeper into 
her vitals.

George's dick though, like all stiff cocks, had no compassion. It 
sought out more tighter realms to force aside. (If anything the 
begging of Sonia's mouth, only served to drive it to greater 
efforts. A stiff dick has no compassion... or so it is said...)

It was slow going and it hurt, but it hurt old George's dick soo 
good...  
Geroges big head decided with its lesser blood supply as his 
little head, with a surplus of blood, advanced steadily.

Hunched over like Sonia was she felt every millimeter and bump of 
the old shriveled organ as it passed through her most private 
grommet and down her hershey highway.

Sonia could do nothing but ineffectually flop and try to use her 
head as a lever to escape. It did not work the woodie was on a 
mission. She did not have any left over oxygen to scream so she 
panted vigorously and tried to worm away from the rentless organs 
progress. Geroge looked on with growing interest and finally 
said,

"NAAA old home boy here done decided. You just lay right back 
there and enjoy. I knowed you for a greek circus gal the minute I 
seeded that there white beaver fur." George was enjoying the tight 
squeezing of the defenseless hole. He was in heaven and sought to 
prolong the feeling at all cost.

"AA .... AHHA ..... Pl... Pleas..... I ...." Sonia managed 
between gasps.

"Gal you keep distracting me and this could take us all night." 
George stated. "I love it... Beg me for more of old hom boy 
here.. Why we ain't even got to the sweet part..." 

She could not help it. All she managed was a gasp when the old log 
decisively plumbed to it's fullest and lodged there savoring the 
musculature contractions of her martyred bowels.

George, went through that age old feeling. King of the hill. TOP 
OF THE WORLD MA!!! And then the spirting of the seeds and deflation 
as his old log. It shriveled and started its pull back from the warm 
dark damp place.... 

"Whew!" George said. "I see'd what old Max ment." he whiped his 
forehead on his sleeve and went around back of the bar for a cold 
one. "You circus gals sure be tight and tiring."

"Pleas .... Please let me lose... I am dying here..." Sonia moaned 
from her pretzel like position.

George took his second long pull on the long necked beer and 
returned to the table.  His glance at the monitor told him 
Philipie was a doing the unfortunate black beavered women out of 
their crowning hair. That was a sight. He was again turned on by 
the denuding of the helpless girls. Home boy trembled... again... 

His balls screamed out to forget it... but homeboy rose to the 
occasion. (All right so it was only half hard. George was a
resourceful old fucker with years of whoring experience.)

George mounted the table. Scooted over Sonia's head and seated his 
big fat ass comfortably on Sonia's soft white tits. Her mons and 
cunt hole rose to meet his gaze.

"Now gal I know you is a greek gal so do that old brownie for me, 
just like you do the animals in the circus." he explained to the 
smothering captive. His eyes devouring the white haired beaver 
spread out before him. The spirit was willing but the man flesh 
... well...

Homeboy sensed the white fringed target and continued to stiffen, 
and shake, but only gasping was heard from beneath his fat ass.

George lifted up and heard an intake or air from the oxygen 
starved Sonia. Then he scooted forward and delodged homeboy from 
the soft perch of tit flesh. Dropping down again, he forced the 
breadth out of the miserable woman's diaphragm.

"Get to tonguing that brownie bitch afore I go behind the bar and 
get my old spirs. I got some of them there big star uns. They 
really learn you how if'n I figure you is a going to be a stubborn 
bitch about a little licking like this here."

"PLL PLe A AI AIr.... I'll...." Sonia managed.

"AW all right. Bitch all ways make a man uncomfortable." George 
said as he lifted up some and drove homeboy a littler deeper 
between her tits.

Sonia commenced to coughing and hyperventilated to regain her air 
supply. George waited and enjoyed home boy tips being friction as 
her soft white tit flesh undulated.

Being the kind old guy he was George waited.... two ... no two 
and a half minutes and then demanded,

"Enough of that there lolly gagging... commence to tongue me.. I 
got no time for all this here fore play..."

Horrified and still gasping for air she knew he would squash her 
again if she held back... 

Sonia stuck out her tongue, bent her neck to the disgusting task, 
and sought out the smelly hole. Guided by the smell she hit it 
dead on first try. Again her neck muscles screamed with pain. 
She frantically worked her pink tongue in the filthy crack...

George gasped. Homeboy became iron, and left the tit flesh for, 
and filled the wet warm waiting hole that was right in front of 
him.  

Seated on the soft female flesh, licked by the soft pink tongue, 
visions of fucking without end danced through old Georges ugly 
fat head.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                       Max's Cafe # 14
                        by Paladin

In the crowded little room Jan continued strumming her bud and 
sought to disregard the starring male eyes that were seeing her 
doing one of her most intimate acts. Yesterday she would'of died, 
just died before, she would thought of doing this before even a  
crowd of women. Now she was performing, like an animal, for a 
group of filthy slobbering cowboys.

Jan, the sevet cultured college girl laying on a dirty floor, 
being ogled by a herd of animals. The disgust of it all caused 
her to think of rebelling but one look at fat hairy fuck, Max and 
her blood ran cold. He had this effect on women like Jan. So she 
just went right on strumming... 



"Right horny beaver ain't she man." Max commented, standing there 
like a proud owner of a prize winning heifer. "You sure you wanna 
go into that poon now. I done told ya, I ain't sponsible if'n she 
injures that withered old stick you calls a prick, Rob. Why as 
I'm feeling good today, I might even have one of the boys go 
catch un, and give you a ride on one of Tom's sheep here bouts. Be 
more your speed.. Why to show you kind of guy I am, I'll let you 
and Nelly take turns with that sheep. Who know..... what could 
come of that?"

"Don't be craw fishing on me Max." The old man spit from a tangled 
growth of white whiskers. "I paid for the red poon and I aims to 
go into her to the balls. And if'n she ain't deep nuff... Well 
I'll plumb just drill another hole in 'er."

"Yea yea you paid for 'er. Now you got to get it up and then in 
that there hole. Why I'll give odds you probably squirt afore you 
get that old mouse 'o yourn down the red fringed hole." Max 
retorted to goad the old man into something foolish.

With a gleam in his eye the prospector dropped his britches and... 

The foulest odor ever enveloped the crowd at the doorway. 

Old Rob's underwear was plumb gray and yellow in some spots, and 
odiferous to the beat all!!!

All the assembly reached for their bandannas and covered their 
noses. These was cowboys. They was prepared except this was a
fowl smell worse than some pole cats they done smelt but not by 
much. The scenery was just too good though to run from. So they 
just stood there with tears in their eyes.

"Man you be plumb nasty. Does the Govm't know that gas done leaked 
from the chemical warfare reservation?" Max exclaimed as he 
grabbed the withered old arm. "Man... Man... No.. No I don't 
care what done you paid. I ain't going to share no poon with you 
till you go out back and take a dip in the horse tro.... No make 
it the sheep dip pit.. That stench done kill a normal horse. Pore
dumb animal don't even deserve that." Max said restraining the old 
man from his attempt to flop on Jan. Max had positioned himself up 
wind by now, of the smelly old goat and passed him to some of the 
boys.

"Boys take the fucker out and dip im till the smell goes down... 
and I'll give you... well it'll be something good... I promise."

A couple of the boys, Ron and Black Peter, took the smelly 
squirming carcass out to the sheep dip pit and liked to drowned 
the old man to cut down the smell.

Jan too was in a state of shock. She was horrified to think that 
she was to fuck the horrible dirty smelly old man. Max was bad 
enough and now this....  She came at the very thought 
of it... (Pheromones most likely.)

"Boys be sure that you pull the plug in the sheep dip pen when 
you done. Even sheep don't deserve that..." Max called out the 
window to the boys drowning... I mean dipping the old prospector.

"Whew I knowed skunks that was more pleasant to be around." Max 
commented as he went to the bathroom wall cabinet and got out a 
syringe and bottle of a milky white fluid.

He filled the syringe and came back over to the daised and 
frightened Jan. She was listlessly working her bud but she thought 
she should stop. Max reached down and brushed her hands away from 
the red furred labia and quickly injected first one then the 
other with the stuff.

Jan felt the sting and wondered what he had done to her but she 
kept quite and starred at her owner.

"You all tuckered out poon. You'd best get that stinky hole all 
slimed up. Old Rob probably want you to do his favorite tree 
limb cause I think that he won't be able to come up with the 
goods hisself." Max laughed with the remaining cowboys as he ran 
a paw over the precious red poon. He returned the syringe to the 
cabinet and returned to the small dirty room.

Jan felt a warming in her crotch area. The glow seemed to flow 
from her injected labia to her now straight clit and everywhere 
in-between. The haze that had descended over her burned away and 
she felt the strength of the crystal meth flowing through her 
vanes.. The desire for..... seemed to burn within her very soul.

A din of voices and shuffling on the stairs announced the return 
of the old prospector.

Jan's eyes hazed over and her fingers flew over the now rock hard 
clit. She looked at the cowboys and lusted for a few hard..... na 
she wanted all the dicks. She could fuck um all... she wanted 
to.... and pronto...

The old prospector was thrust into the room and his dick became 
Jan's center of focus as it was the closest.

The small shriveled organ, was coated with a layer of sheep dip 
and god knows what else but well.. it stuck out of the 
prospectors long johns. In her current state, Jan wanted it.

She reached out and grabbed it and commenced to nursing on it 
despite the shitty taste. Nothing mattered she had to get the 
damn thing up so she could stuff it in her... 

"Now see what I mean. Red poon be man eaters, boys. You'll heard 
me warn him.. Wouldn't surprise me if 'n she bit it off and used 
it for a slimy tooth pick..." Max commented as the hopped up 
female commenced to doing the old prospector.. (Course the meth 
aided her attitude a might.)

The old goat came and Jan swallowed it right down. She did not 
even pause as she greedily milked the old pud for all it was 
worth.

The prospector started to shake and sweat. He wanted this but 
well this here gal be plumb saisable... He placed his hands on 
her forehead and tried to withdraw. 

Jan countered by sinking her teeth into the dick flesh. He pushed 
and damned near pulled his own dick through them choppers.

"AAAHAHAAAHAHAHAHA  " he started... "Max get her off.... Man she 
going to eat me peter off... Stop her... Please..."

"Well I don't rightly know," Max postulated, "I mean you done put 
up cash money and I did warn ya. I mean I got my reputation to 
think of.... "

"Get her off'n me... and I'll give you anything..." the now 
bleeding dick prospector was begged.

"Well you paid for it, and I warned ya... Course if'n you paid me 
to get her off then that'd be a new...." Max deliberated with no 
one in particular.

Screaming the old fellow grabbed his poke from inside his long 
johns and tossed it to Max.

"Here take it... AHHAHH...Take it all just get er off my peter." 
he begged.

"Boys this going to be dangerous. Ron and you, Don get under 
her and fill er up with peter. Now just pump ... pump er like you 
never done afore." Max instructed as the boys that done the 
dipping steped up to the chore.

Max always kept his word, and soon these boys were pumping like 
their was no tomorrow. Cowboys is always to be counted on...

Jan had gotten the second load from the withered old ball sack 
and was well on her way to thirds.... or balls ... when the 
stabbing dicks began to take effect. Course just then Ron shot 
his wad, and pulled out.

Max, ever resourceful Max, was not deterred in the lease, he 
turned to the assembled cowboys and ordered, "Billie-Bob get 
your ass in there... Help old Rob here save his dick.."

Then it was Don whose prick done give out, but Max ordered 
another stought lad into the breach..... and another... and 
.....

Finally Jan let go of the bloody stump in er mouth and sank 
down on the two cowboys under her. She commenced to hippity 
hopping on the good old boys and grabbed the one in front of her. 
(Liked to fucked old Mike to death afore Henery got him alose and 
took his place.)

Max directed the goings on till Jan slowed to a moderate hump and 
then fell over plumb spewing a sea of come over the rooms floor. 

Max dragged the last of the old boys out the room and locked the 
door.

They was a sorry sight. All tangled in their underwear and limp 
dicked fucked out fools. But a happier bunch of cowboys never 
rode a pick up, and Max had the old prospectors poke.

Nothing wrong with that cept you build up a powerful thirst 
screwing them hutchie cutchie gals..

Max staggered down the stairs to the bar and grabbed a cold un 
right off. Bit the cap off'n it and drained it plumb dry.

He almost forgot to go to the video to see how the poon shearing 
done gone. Nothing there.. he thought.

Old Rob had done distracted him to such an extent he plumb missed 
the rodeo gals shearing. Viewing the video is like watching the 
game on video day after.... You just don't get the full effect... 


"George you crazy fool you going break her back... and probably 
yourn too." He admonished his faithful employee seated all limp 
dicked on the blond Hutchie Cutchie gal.

Both of up looked the worse for wear, and appeared to have fallen 
asleep in mid stroke...

Now the whole house seemed to have settled into the siesta mode. 
Not a creature was stiffing except for the cockroaches.

The end for now.........




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





