BDSM Library - Bad Girl




Bad Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She forgot that when her temper got the best of her, that Master could be a very STRICT Disciplinarian.
THE BAD GIRL

Slamming the door as she storms into the house, sent a message to Him right away
that she had thrown another of her little temper fits. Stepping out into the
hallway He watches as she storms about for a few, listening to her cussing
beneath her breathe and finally watching her plopping down into the chair, her
arms crossing as she huffed under her breathe. Casually He walks in the room and
stands in front of the chair, His demeanor being cool but yet stern as He looks
down upon her. She glances up and seeing that look, she chose to ignore it and
hurumphs as she rises from the chair and heads to the kitchen, she was in no
mood for a scolding, now. But His hand quickly reaches out and catching upon her
upper arm before she took too many steps turning her abruptly to face Him. She
snaps at Him that she is not in any mood for Him and He piques an eyebrow at
this boldness, knowing that He did not tolerate such an attitude from her and
especially no disrespect. They had been working for awhile upon that hot temper
of hers, and He thought they had been making some success until just now. He
tightens His grip upon her arm and pulling her back to face Him and holding her
now by both arms so she can not move, he demands to know what is going on.
Quickly snapping before thinking, she tells Him she does not want to talk about
it. He knew right then that she was definitely in need of some attitude
adjustment. His eyes became dark as He cups her chin and forces her to look up
into His eyes. She was so mad about something that she was nearly in tears and
it pulled upon His heart. But He knew that He could not fold to her, knew what
she needed right now was His strength. And usually that strength meant to get
her back on the right path of thinking and to quit acting like the spoiled brat
she was doing now. Speaking flatly but sternly He tells her to go to her room
and wait for Him. He could not believe what next came out of her mouth, "I do
NOT have to go anywheres and don't want to go anywheres right now but to the
kitchen." Never had she been so defiant of Him, usually she would go to her room
and calm down so they could talk. She suddenly yanked from His hold and turned,
but not quick enough as He snatches her by the arm and before thinking about it,
He pulls her down across His knees as He sits upon the nearest chair. Even
through her protests and screams, He pulls up her skirt and pulling down her
panties, and with no warm up but with full force began to apply His handprint to
her bare creamy bottom. Continuously over and over, despite her attempts to slip
off, His hold would just that more strengthen upon her and His hand would come
down that much harder. Through all her kicking and cussing and screaming He
continued, til He could hear the sobs, finally feeling her body surrendering to
Him did He soften the blows to her red bottom cheeks. Helping her from His lap,
she standing before Him, her panties still down about her knees, He orders her
to the study where the punishment is usually delved out. Reaching to pull up her
panties, He tells her no. Her face cheeks blush almost as red as her bottom as
she waddles to the study as told. Closing and locking the door behind Him, He
watches as she stands in the center of the room, feeling the bulge in His pants
growing at her state. But, He knows that tonite her bold outright defiance
warranted a very long and serious session of discipline to adjust her attitude.
Walking about her for a few minutes, He smiles inwardly as she fidgets, her
hands flexing wanting to rub her stinging bottom but knowing she is not allowed.
Stopping in front of her, His arms crossed as He tells her to raise her head and
look at Him. As she does, he begins by simply stating, "I don't know what
happened, whatever.....".....she starts to speak but His hard stare warning her
stops her cold, remembering how He hates to be interrupted as He speaks.
"whatever it is or was, does not warrant any of that display I just witnessed in
the other room, or the disrespect or defiance You displayed to me, and I will
NOT tolerate such an outburst from you." He waits a few minutes to let that soak
in, then continuing, "I have many other things I need to do, but now I must
handle this situation, and because I do, it will be a very long long session for
you, and one that I hope, for Your sake, you will remember before You ever ever
display what I just saw."

With those words He tells her to go to her corner and stand, knowing that the
corner time was the hardest thing for her to tolerate. Her back to Him, gave Him
a most beautiful view of her warmed ass cheeks, and he flexes His hand as He
attempts to work the sting from it, but not allowing her to know it. Stepping to
His desk, He settles down to work some, knowing He won't get much done as He
will be staring more upon those warmed cheeks thinking of how much redder they
will be when He finishes.

Little work is getting done. But that is hardly the point. They both know how
much more content she is when her temper is brought under control. She knows in
her heart that she deserves this, but in some way she knew her consequences and
brought this on herself by her own stubborn actions. She would be deeply
disappointed if he did not bring this wild cat back into line. That is what her
subconsience is telling  her, Her temper has blocked all of that out. The fire
in her temperment is still only held in check by the stinging of her cheecks.
So, as the stinging fades her temper grows. He can easily see that happening. As
her checks begin to lose their color, her patience is growing thin. She begins
to shift her weight and fidget.  Then she calls out for his attention by letting
out a sigh. Not one His hand is still feeling the effects of the last series, so
he reaches into the desk drawer and brings with him a plastic drafting ruler. It
is not very thick but it is flexible. "Stand over here in front of my desk". She
works her way out of the corner, as she moves over to the desk her skirt falls
back down covering her warmed cheeks.  As she stands facing the desk, His voice
relaying the slight irritation,. "Lift your skirt". He was not specific so she
thought of a way to show a little more defiance. She reached down and lifted the
front of her skirt. He restrained from making any comment and did not give her
the satisfaction of a reaction. Looking directly into he eyes, he can see that
she has placed a dare for him to answer.  He stands next to her and grabbing a
handful of hair to steady her and begins slapping the front of her thighs with
the ruler.  Her defiant plan of rebellion has backfired.  Her thighs are far
more sensitive to this kind of punishment than her ass cheeks.  He is not
landing powerful blows but more of a stinging slap that it is not long before
her temper is back in check.  The tears now begin to fill her eyes of fire and
when her cries begin to be louder than the sound of the ruler, He stops. 
Thinking that she is headed back to the corner, she attempts to turn but that is
not the case.  While keeping a tight grip of her hair he pushes her forward over
the top of his desk.  Her burning thighs hit brusquely upon the edge of the
desk.

A whispering crying out as her burning thighs are pressed against the desk and
she goes to lift up, but His hand still grasping her hair reminds her quickly
not to move.  Teasingly, He begins to slowly smooth the ruler over her fading
pink cheeks. 

Watching as her cheeks tense and then relax to the touches, He smiles as He
wonders how many she will take of the ruler before she is begging for Him to
stop. Her body jerks as He slaps the ruler to the inside of her thigh, her leg
kicking up a bit, "Spread them wider, lil one!" She moans disgruntingly as she
slowly complies, the moan quickly met with several swift slaps of the ruler to
either inside thighs. Her legs dancing a bit as the sting seers into her flesh
and as it begins to subside, she

slowly begins spreading her legs. Releasing her hair, He directs her to stand up
on her tip toes but stay face down upon the desk, as she does so, her ass is
raised higher in the air, exposing her tender underside too. He instructs her
that she is to maintain that position, at which time He pulls a chair up to her
back side and sits down, watching as she strains to keep her position. He makes
her maintain the position as He reaches forward with the ruler and slowly begins
to tease it up over her ass cheeks and down the crack of her ass. Smiling, as He
watches her stuggle to keep her position and her cool, hearing her exasperating
breathes. But knowing she has to get through this, having to push her, for if He
allowed her to get away with this temper that it would only escalate and He was
not gonna have that, not from His sub. As He spies her legs slowly lowering from
her toes He brings the ruler smartly down on the back side of her thighs several
times, reminding her to get back to her toes. He gives her a couple of seconds
to dance through the sting, and smiles as he sees her quickly return to her
toes. Reaching over, His fingers tease over the warm red stripes that were just
made. "I do believe, my lil one, you will be wearing ALOT of these tonite, and i
do mean ALOT!" He saw her glancing back and noted the fire of defiance still
burning there, His hand slowly goes down to His belt. His eyes watchig her eyes
as she sees Him unbuckling His belt and standing up, He slips it through the
loops slowly. He watches as she immediatly rises higher upon her toes, seeing
her legs beginning to quiver from the strain. Folding the belt and holding the
buckle end in one hand and the folded piece in the other, He makes the belt snap
grinning as He watches her jump at the sound........a little chuckle in His
voice, "Oh, yes, lil one, i can see this is gonna be a verrrrrryyyyy long night
for you.

Cursing herself in her mind, "How did I let myself get this out of control
again?" She is shaking in anticipation of the violent discipline of the belt.
And then it hits, the slap is very destinct.  But there is no sting? He has just
given her a very light smack. She does not quite understand. Many thoughts run
through her head; "maybe he is just lining up his swing" or "does he realy care
for me enough to give me the spanking I deserve (and inwardly desire)". He has a
purpose in his method. She is not going to be the one to dictate his actions.
She will have to give up any thoughts of that and let go of any remaining
control over her outcome. He continues to toy with her. He takes the belt and
runs it over her cheeks to better aquaint the leather to her skin. She feels the
belt being pulled away. She knows now that it is coming. But no he lands another
light blow. But before she can think about it, he follows it with a very strong
smack on her cheeks. His aim is perfect, it has landed on the tender under curve
of her ass cheeks, just at the junction of her thighs and her cheeks.  The sting
slowly grows in intensity and she lifts up from the desk.  With out a conscience
thought of it, her hands fly back to protect herself.  His voice comes very
sternly, "Clearly, lil girl, you need some help with your control."  With  those
words, she quickly realizes what she has done and moves back into position, but
it is too late.  Her needs are quite clear. He walks aroung the desk and opens a
drawer to pull out a section of rope. "Give me your hands". She pleads and begs
him not to do this but that decsision was made by her already. He is just
following through with what she has brought upon herself. He doesn't say another
word but waits patiently for her to obey. She eventually extends her  shaking
hands. He wraps her wrists together and ties the rope to the drawer knob. The
rope is not tight, but clearly she will not be able to use her hands to
interfere with what is going to happen with her bottom. "Now lets get back to
the business at hand, Get back up on your toes"...

Stepping back behind her, He smile seeing the already red whelp rising from the
one smack. Taking His hand He slowly caresses it as He speaks, "Now, my lil one,
what is with this attitude and temper tantrum I saw earlier? Have Wwe not had
this discussiong before about such behavior?" Her heart racing and her mind
running over all the past episodes of her temper getting her in such a position
and remembering the long, long session He would always put her through when He
wanted to make a definite impression.  Especially when it came to these temper
tantrums of hers.  It had been a very very lond time though since she had such a
fit. But today was the pits and it seemed everything had gone wrong and now, she
realizes she should have gone to Him and seeked the help she needed, the
cuddling and all she want to do, but now she laid across the desk in this very
embarrassing position.  Deep inside though, she knew she needed this reminder,
needed to know that He still cared enough to make sure she did what she was
suppose to do.  Suddenly, she screamed out as she felt the belt crack down right
at the top of her thighs.  It was the worse spot to receive the belt, for it was
the most tender spot.  Dancing up on her toes, her legs kicking up as she felt
the burn of the leather seep into her flesh, her fingers flexing and gripping in
a tight fist as she feels the leather laid over and over, right on that top part
of her thighs on the back of her legs.  It was a kind of signal that if He
started there, it was going to be a very hard and long session, because He had
not even started on her ass cheeks, yet.  It was only 10, but they were always
the first, so His strength was full and hard when He swung the belt and her
cries would grow in intensity with each knew one.   Dancing up and down upon her
toes, the strain tremendous upon the calves of her legs, but she knew if she did
not, He would start over.  The tears are welling in her eyes, her whimpering
sobs echoing in the room as He waited for her to settle a bit.  Then stepping
very close behind her, His hand slides down over her cheeks to feel the warmth
of the stripes on her thighs, feeling her flinch in pain from His touch and the
whimper with each caress, it made the pain between His legs grow seeing her
slowly surrendering back to Him.  Gently, He caresses to ease just a bit of the
pain but at the same time scolding her about her actions and how He will not
tolerate having His sub acting like a defiant spoiled bratty 2 year old, like He
has witnessed earlier.

Stepping back to His chair behind her, He settles down to watch as she strains
to maintain the position on her toes, knowing the muscles of her legs were
beginning to ache tremendously.   But He knew when she was like this, she had to
be broken, had to be forced to face whatever it was that made her so.  Early,
she had found that one thing had drawn Him to her, the fact that He was a very
strict disciplinarian, as well as her Master, and He not only gave out the
punishment but it was always a lesson that was imprinted upon her mind, as well
as her body.  This was always His way. 

Laying the belt on the arm of the chair, He picks the ruler back up and leaning
forward in the chair, He begins to tease upon the inside of her thighs, watching
her squirm and her whimpering moans, "Spread them wider, lil one!"  He smiled
inwardly as He heard her gasp as she heard His order. Her body trembling as she
spread her legs and attempting to stay on her toes. Good, she knew that if He
told her to do something, such as stay on toes, she still had to do that until
He told her otherwise. Now, her legs were beginning to really ache, stretched
open and on her toes, He noted the strain on her muscles from the V of her
crotch down her thigh. He caresses the ruler upon her inner thighs, pulling it
back and seeing that even though she is being scolded and disciplined, her pussy
is wet. SHARPLY, He brings the ruler to smack on the insider of her thigh to be
quickly matched on the other side.  The sting piercing through her flesh as her
legs kick up and fly close, but after a screaming gasp, she quickly corrects her
position. Knowing she does not wish to displease Him any more, she is already in
too much trouble. The tears begin to flow down her cheeks, her head flying back
and swinging back and forth as she yanks on the rope as He brings the ruler up
several more times burning upon her inner thighs, not stopping until the red
glow on her inner thighs matches the same glow on the back of her thighs.

He sits back in the chair, listening to her whimpering sobs and moans and
watching her trembling legs as she strains to stay in position.   It is
definitely going to be a long night, as He notes that she has not
apologized.................yet!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  danniella


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





