BDSM Library - Status Adjustment




Status Adjustment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Eightenn year old high school beauty and queen of the campus and picks on the wrong person and her social status is dramatically changed.
Status Adjustment
Part 1

Tina bowed forward from the waist, a sign of respect and honor to Mr. Hatomoto
and he gestured the same in return. The large Japanese man dwarfed the
diminutive young girl as he placed a fatherly like arm around her shoulders and
casually walked her to the nearby couch where they sat down. The man spoke in
slightly broken english with an oriental accent.

"I so very proud of you Tina, you earn black belt  just one year. you very
splendid, very hard working student, one of my best."

The still perspiring girl with the mousy brown hair smiled broadly as she put on
a pair of horn rimmed glasses with lenses resembling the bottom of coke bottles.

"Thank you so much Mr. Hatomoto, I am also proud of myself but I will forever be
in your debt for what you have done for me, I feel like a different, self
confident person now."

"Always remember Tina, Karate art of self defense, always use with honor, no act
of aggression."

Tina nodded her head in agreement.

"Yes Mr. Hatomoto, I will always remember what you have taught me."

As usual, Tina rode the bus home from her lessons. In a near slumber state her
head rested against the window pane, tapping it lightly in unison with the
swaying motion of the bus. Her mind was busy reflecting back over the years,
most of them not very happy. She had always been much smaller than the other
kids, even now, eighteen years old and a senior in high school she was barely
five feet tall and only weighed eighty pounds soaking wet. Too worsen matters,
she wasn't small cute, she was small, not so cute, then there was the damn coke
bottle glasses. She had schooled with most of the same kids since the third
grade and just a few had befriended her, of course it was those that were pretty
much in the same boat as she was. They had all been teased unmercifully by the
"in crowd", called every cruel name that could be thought of and even banished
them from social groups and activities. Tina thought that by high school the
taunting would end or at least subside somewhat but it hadn't and she believed
that it hadn't because of one single person, Bonnie Clarke.

Bonnie lived in the next block and for some reason took special delight in
tormenting Tina at every opportunity, had so since grade school. Due to Bonnie's
social status, most of the other kids would just follow her lead and then get
caught up in the crowd frenzy of the moment. Bonnie had always been the queen,
right through grade school, middle school and now high school. She was blonde,
blue-eyed,a curvy five foot eight, having started developing breasts in the
sixth grade and of course, what else?, a cheerleader and dating the campus hunk,
Johnny Martin. Bonnie didn't just limit her tormenting to Tina however, at one
time or another she got around to all of the nerdy group. Tina recalled one
particularly embarrassing incident that one of her few friends, Timmie Watson
suffered at the hands of Bonnie and her cohorts. At the prompting of Bonnie, two
members of the football team wrestled Timmie to the ground, removed his pants
and ran them up the flag pole. A school yard full of students cheered and
laughed hysterically as he hastily rode off on his bike sans his Levis.

   ...............................................................

As was the usual friday routine for Bonnie and her two closest cheerleader
friends, Linda and Yvonne, they were on their way home after practice to quickly
prim, cleanup and get ready for Teensters. Teensters was a dance held every
friday night at the local Rotary club to give high school kids something to do
that they enjoyed and to help keep them out of trouble. It was a big deal,
something they looked forward too, it was a good place to mingle with the
opposite sex and an opportunity to maybe meet that someone special. Of course
for Bonnie it was the perfect venue, a stage, if you will to preen and strut in
front of the envious girls and the panting boys.

Tina was busy mowing her lawn when the three girls, still wearing their
cheerleader outfits strolled by. Never missing an opportunity, Bonnie approached
her, followed closely by her two friends.

"Well, if it isn't skinny Tina, have you guys ever seen anyone so skinny?" "If
she stuck her tongue out, she'd look like a zipper."

This brought a giggle from the three girls but Tina ignored them, the tall
blonde wouldn't let it drop, though.

"Hey Tina, are we going to see you at Teensters tonight?", Bonnie asked her,
knowing full well that she had never once been there.

Tina stopped mowing and faced Bonnie, still some feet away.

"When are you going to let it go Bonnie?, just back off."

Bonnie was somewhat surprised, this was the first time Tina had talked back or
defended herself in anyway but she was not the least bit intimidated.

"Are you going to make me back off, Skinny?"

"If I have to, I will."

Bonnie looked at her two friends and laughed, they were smiling but not
laughing, they had that, you've just been challenged look on their faces. The
athletic blonde had no fear whatsoever of the rail thin girl, a good eight
inches shorter than she was. Bonnie moved menacingly towards her, her hands out
in front as if to grab her. Like a cat, Tina went down low, placed her left leg
in front of Bonnie's legs and with a well placed kick with her right leg to the
back of Bonnie's knees she sent the surprised blonde sprawling belly first onto
the fresh cut lawn. Before Bonnie could compose her thoughts, Tina knelt beside
her, the skinny little girl held a handful of blonde hair in her left hand and
Bonnie's right arm in a hammerlock with her other hand. Tina used Bonnie's hair
to pull her head straight back and at the same time held her arm high up between
her shoulder blades with her wrist painfully bent and ready to be snapped with
only the slightest pressure. The tall blonde was in obvious distress and
incapable of escape. Tina turned to Bonnie's friends.

"Try to help her or come any closer and I'll break her wrist, I swear I will."

"No!, no!, stay back." Bonnie's voice was raspy and urgent.

Tina turned her attention back to her immobile captive.

"Now Bonnie, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you to back off, is there any part
of back off that you don't understand?"

"Ok, ok, I understand, now let me up, your hurting me for god sakes."

"Not so fast, I want to hear an apology for attacking me."

Bonnie remained silent, refusing to speak the humiliating words but spat them
out freely when Tina applied pressure to her arm and wrist.

"I'm sorry, god damn it, I'm sorry for attacking you."

The skinny young girl smiled, some small amount of retribution after all these
years, she thought. When Tina finally let her up, Bonnie avoided eye contact
with all three girls. The left side of her face was smeared with dirt and her
powder blue outfit streaked with grass stains and speckled with tiny particles
of fresh cut grass. The debased blonde did not speak a word until the trio were
a ways from Tina's house.

"That skinny little bitch was lucky and caught me off guard, I'll kick the shit
out of her next time and if either of you breathe a word of this to anyone,
especially Johnny, I'll kick the shit out of you too."

  ...............................................................




Status Adjustment
Part 2

Even though she was in bed early it was the most enjoyable evening Tina had had
in a great long while, maybe ever. The image of Bonnie flat on her stomach and
helpless was burned into her memory, it felt good to live it over and over,
again and again, she couldn't help but wonder what affect the incident had had
on Bonnie's psyche. If Tina could have only been a fly on the wall in room
number 24 at the King's Lodge motel she would have known.

Bonnie was an absolute vision of beauty as she lay naked on the king size bed,
her bronze tanned body outlined in exquisite detail by it's exotic contrast with
the solid white sheets, her slightly parted thighs offering a titillating peek
at the soft tufts of yellow-blonde down at their apex. Johnny was in the
bathroom taking a leak.

"God damn it Johnny, can't you close the fucking door?"

"What in the hell is up your ass tonight, anyway?" "You've heard me piss
before."

Johnny returned and sat on the edge of the bed next to Bonnie.

"You've been this way all night, you hardly spoke a word at Teensters, then you
half heartily go through the motions of foreplay and then when I go to fuck you,
you won't let me put it in."

"Don't be crude Johnny, nobody fucks me, you make love to me."

"Well excuse me Miss High and Mighty, call it what you want but this is one of
the times we don't have to do it in the car and it's damn expensive."

"If it's the fucking money your worried about, then I'll pay for the god damn
room."

Johnny threw his hands in the air.

'I don't know what your problem is tonight and right about now I couldn't care
less, get your fucking clothes on, I'm taking your ass home."

Not surprisingly, Tina slept peacefully that night, almost as if she had been a
fly on the wall in room 24 at the Kings Lodge motel.

  ................................................................

At school on Monday, Bonnie avoided Tina, only making distant eye contact a
couple of times when Tina wasn't looking. As usual, with no cheer practice,
Bonnie, Linda and Yvonne met in front of the school so they could walk home
together. Bonnie attempted to act casual and nonchalant as she spoke.

"You guys go on ahead, I have a couple of things to take care of before going
home"

Both girls regarded her curiously and she looked sheepishly in return. Yvonne
put it straight on the line.

"Your not afraid to go by Tina's house after what happened on Friday are you?"

Bonnie feigned a nervous laugh.

"Are you kidding?" "I can handle her, no problem, you guys go on ahead, I'll
catch you later."

Yvonne and Linda took off for home, Bonnie in the opposite direction. The tall
athletic blonde felt ashamed and humiliated deep inside herself, walking around
the block and slinking down the alley located in the middle of the block she
lived on in order to avoid passing scrawny little Tina's house. While walking
alone and thinking, Bonnie decided this would be the last time, no more dodging
the little runt, this had to end, after all she was bigger and stronger, one
solid punch to the jaw and Tina would be history. Bonnie almost froze in her
steps when Tina stepped from behind a van parked in the narrow alley and stood
directly in her path.

"Hello Bonnie, taking the long way home today?"

"Look Tina, I don't want any trouble."

The smaller girl smiled, almost sinister.

"There won't be any trouble if you turn around and walk back around the block."

Bonnie knew if she did, she was lost for good, her life at school would never be
the same. She moved forward, her right arm at her side but the fist clinched
into a solid ball, when Bonnie got within range she aimed a hay maker at Tina's
face. With ease Tina's left arm deflected the blow while the extended  knuckles
of her right hand delivered a debilitating blow to Bonnie's throat. The
beautiful blonde was paralyzed, mouth agape, gasping desperately for air. Tina
manhandled the taller girl until her back was pressed flat against the van,
holding her in place with her left arm planted firmly across Bonnie's damaged
throat. The bigger, stronger girl was helpless against her smaller foe, she
could feel her blouse being pulled out from the waist of her skirt and then
unbuttoned but was powerless to prevent it. When this was done, Tina pushed
Bonnie's bra high up on her chest until her breasts sprung free, naked now
except for the partial covering provided by her open blouse.

"Listen to me good Bonnie, I could strip you bare ass right now and make you
walk buck naked down this alley and you know by now that there is absolutely
nothing you could do to stop me." "If you don't do everything I ask of you, I
will do just that, it might be in the cafeteria at school, in the hallway or
maybe even Teensters, you'll never know when I'll strike." "How would you like
to be stripped and humiliated in front of half the school and even Johnny boy?"
"I can make life a living hell for you, I'd enjoy beating you up in front of
Johnny, how would you like that?" "Now I guess you could always tell your
parents about me and you could all go to the principal and report me but then of
course I don't think your pride would allow you to become the laughing stock of
the school, afraid of an eighty pound weakling." "My parents go to bridge club
every Tuesday and Friday, tomorrow is Tuesday, I will expect you at my house by
seven sharp, don't be late, do you understand?"

Bonnie was still experiencing difficulty speaking.

"Why do you want me to".............

Tina slapped her hard across the side of the face.

"Seven sharp, don't be late."

The young blonde meekly nodded yes.




Status Adjustment
Part 3

A sobbing and rumpled Bonnie snuck her way into the house, showering and
cleaning herself up before daring to come down for dinner. That night she cried
herself to sleep thinking over her options. The only way to really solve the
problem would be to move away but her parents wouldn't do that without knowing
the reason why, then they would go to the principal with the story and the
little pip squeak was right, the other students would crucify her, being afraid
of the skinny little girl she had teased and tormented over the years. On the
other hand, if she doesn't do what Tina asks of her, whatever the hell that
might be, Tina will surely humiliate her in front of the whole school. Bonnie
realized she was caught in a catch 22, she certainly doesn't want the whole
school to know that she is scared shitless of nerdy Tina and she sure doesn't
want to be beat up forcefully stripped naked in front of her friends.

At one minute before seven Tina spotted Bonnie through the window coming up the
walkway, she was wearing a short blue denim skirt, a pink, fairly loose fitting
tee shirt and white Reeboks with pink shoelaces. The door was already open and
Tina was waiting when Bonnie reached the front porch.

"Punctuality. I like that in a person, I also like your outfit, you look hot but
of course you already know that, silly me."

Bonnie ignored the trivialities.

"What am I doing here?"

Tina opened the door to the rear bedroom.

"Patience Bonnie, please go in."

Timmie Watson was laying on the bed tossing a tennis ball against the wall and
catching it in return.

"What the hell is he"...........

Bonnie stopped in mid sentence with the uneasiness of the door closing behind
her.

"What the hell is he doing here?"

"Timmie is a friend of mine and a great admirer of yours, from afar that is,
you've been going to school with him for about ten years now and I bet you've
never even spoken a word to him." "Say hello to Timmie, Bonnie."

Bonnie shrugged her shoulders. "Hi Timmie."

The young boy kept bouncing the ball against the wall.

"Hello Bonnie, it's nice to finally hear your voice."

"Here Bonnie", Tina ordered. "Stand right in the middle of the room so that we
can see you better."

Bonnie complied but hated taking orders from a girl that she has always looked
down upon with contempt. Timmie was now standing next to Tina watching Bonnie
shift her weight nervously from one foot to the other while under the scrutiny
of two geeks.

"A while back your two football flunkies flew Timmie's pants from the school
flag pole."

Bonnie's voice was unsympathetic. "That was him?"

"Yeah that was him" , Tina replied, "now I want you to give Timmie your
panties." 

Bonnie had feared the worst before she arrived but Tina's demand still came as a
shock.


"You're crazy, I'm not going to give him my panties."

Tina smiled. "Very well but I wouldn't show up at school tomorrow if I were
you."

The uneasy blonde stood silent for a moment before speaking.

"What else are you going to do to me?"

God, those words sounded good to Tina's ears, The majestic Bonnie Clarke asking
the lowly Tina Lewis, what she was going to do to her. She smiled, knowing full
well that she had her now.

"Shuck the panties Bonnie and hand them to Timmie boy."

Bonnie pulled up the hem of her skirt until it was at mid thigh, reached under,
careful not to expose herself to the two perverts, then slid her panties down
her legs before stepping out of them one foot at a time.

"My, I didn't realize she was so modest", Timmie chirped.

"She's not", Tina shot."Your just not her type Timmie my boy, if you were a big
handsome stud, she'd flash that pussy for you all night long." "Now Bonnie, hand
Timmie your panties and thank him for taking them."

Bonnie didn't hesitate, handing Timmie a wisp of material that was a pair of
pink thong panties. 

"Thank you Timmie for taking my panties from me."

Tina laughed. "I would say that it was Timmie who was appreciative based on the
bulge in the crotch of his jeans."

The blonde's eyes instinctively riveted on Timmie's crotch area.

"I'm not having sex with him", Bonnie fairly shouted.

Tina quieted her down. "Nobody said anything about having sex, admittedly Timmie
is a little worked up but I'm sure that we can work out a compromise of sorts
that will give Timmie some sort of gratification."

Bonnie wasn't totalling buying what Tina was selling, still not convinced that
she wasn't about to be raped.

"What do you mean gratification?, I don't want him to fuck me."

"Trust me Bonnie, Timmie won't fuck you, now remove your tee shirt for us."

Bonnie's voice trembled, filled with panic. "Don't do this to me, please."

" I said your not going to get fucked, now get rid of the tee shirt.

The beautiful blonde fought back a sob as she drew the tee shirt over her head
and dropped it to the floor, her breasts swelling over the top of a pale pink
cotton bra, a shade or two lighter than her shirt. She stood there for several
seconds before Tina spoke.

"Lose the bra."

Bonnie reached both hands behind her, then slid the straps off her shoulders and
it too fell to the floor, then suddenly the legendary Bonnie Clarke stood before
them, naked above the waist, presenting the finest pair of tits either of them
had ever imagined, they were flawless, perfect in both size and shape. Both
girls were aware of the obvious, even larger bulge at the front of Timmie's
jeans as he just stood there in awe of the sight before him. Tina spoke to him,
breaking his trance.

"Don't just stand there, you've fantasied about Bonnie Clarke most of your life,
reach out and touch those babies."




Status Adjustment
Part 4

As any inexperienced, excited young boy would do, Timmie reached out with both
hands, eager to sample the tantalising flesh of Bonnie Clarke's breasts. The
tips of his fingers had barely tested their firm texture when Bonnie pushed his
hands away and backed off. Tina was prepared for any resistance, quickly
producing a short piece of rope and pulling Bonnie's arms behind her back.
Bonnie was busy protesting, not fully realizing what Tina was up to.

"I don't want that geek groping my breasts......hey, what the hell are you
doing"

Before she knew it, Bonnie's wrists were neatly bound behind her back, not that
she would have fought back anyway knowing that the frail little girl could
easily dominate and physically harm her on the slightest whim. Timmie was
exhilarated, never before known sensations running rampant through his body from
the mere, ever quick touch of his fingers to Bonnie's breasts.

"Jesus Tina, did they feel awesome, I can hardly believe it."

Tina laughed at her friends naivety. "Do you think that's all your going to get
Timmie?, Christ, I've got her tied up for you with her titties hanging out there
like melons, what in the hell are you waiting for?"

Bonnie looked at Tina, her appealing eyes filled with dread. Tina glared back at
her.

"If you move just an inch Bonnie, I will tie your ankles together."

Bonnie didn't move, she stood indignantly, tears welling in her eyes as Timmie
took outlandish liberties with her once proud breasts. His feeble attempts at
self gratification were amateurish at best, with no rhyme or reason as he
kneaded and molded his dream girl's breasts into grotesque shapes and forms.
Finally it dawned on him to use his mouth and tongue, he was none to gentle,
Bonnie wincing in pain as his teeth nipped callously at her nipples. Then,
instinctively his hands moved around her and under her skirt until his palms
cupped the bare skin of her tight, ass cheeks. He was in a frenzied state,
licking and sucking Bonnie's tits while running his fingers up and down the
crease separating her nether globes. A shudder shook through Timmie's body when
his little finger brushed Bonnie's vaginal hair, touching the lower end of her
slit ever so lightly. Bonnie uttered a slight protest.

"No, please not there."

It was obvious to Tina that Timmie's arousal had peaked and was demanding
release.

"Timmie, take your clothes off."

He removed his eager mouth from Bonnie's tit long enough to respond.

"What?", "Do what."

"Get your fucking clothes off Timmie, right now."

It didn't take Timmie long to perform this task, now standing naked and fully
erect in front of a frightened Bonnie Clarke. Tina confronted the dazed blonde.

"OK Bonnie, this is the deal, your going to suck my good friend Timmie's cock,
your going to put your heart and soul into it so that he will thoroughly enjoy
it and you will swallow his cum and take it home with you in your belly."

"But I thought that".........

Tina interrupted the young blonde's protest.

"I said that Timmie would not fuck you, at least not tonight and he won't but
you're going to suck him off just like it was old Johnny boy, now get down on
your knees in front of Timmie."

"What!!"

"You heard me correctly, on your knees, there's going to be a little status
adjustment here."

Reluctantly Bonnie sank to her knees, her wrists still tied behind her back.
Before her stood Timmie, his virgin manhood curved upwards, pointing towards the
ceiling, surprisingly it was ever bit the length of Johnny's and maybe wider.
The young boy just stood there, staring down at the helpless and vulnerable
looking Bonnie, her deep blue eyes glassy and watery. Finally, Tina broke the
silence.

"Well Romeo, her hands are tied behind her back and your spear is pointing
towards the heavens, unless we untie her your going to have to give the lady
some help." . Timmie was quick to answer.

"No, keep her tied, I like her like that."

Timmie pushed his stiffened cock downward and stepped slightly forward until it
was positioned directly in front of Bonnie's face, she could see it's tip
already glistening with a sticky like substance.

Tina spoke up. "Not to shabby, getting your first blow job from the likes of
Bonnie Clarke."

The young boy was gaining confidence and quickly adjusting to his newly
appointed status.

"Take my cock in your mouth Bonnie, suck it and make me cum."

Hesitantly Bonnie placed her lips over and around the hardened bulb, as soon as
Timmie let loose of his member it sprang free from Bonnie's mouth, spraying a
fine mist of premature residue into the air. Both Tina and Timmie laughed.
Timmie again pushed his cock down towards Bonnie's waiting mouth, like a docile
slave the young blonde accepted the fleshy instrument into her mouth, she
emitted a throaty gurgling sound as Timmie forced it in deeper to avoid it's
escape from the confines of her warm, damp cavern. Bonnie now knew that it's
girth far exceeded that of Johnny's, her cheeks were puffed and bloated as her
mouth was forced to accommodate it's enormity. On her knees, hands tied behind
her back, Bonnie Clark sucked Timmie Watson to an orgasm, it didn't take long to
release Timmie's pent up juices but there was plenty to release, it wasn't
pretty, poor Bonnie tried desperately to catch a breath and to swallow each
spurt but before she could, the exploding Timmie would spray her gagging throat
with another dose of his spunk.

They took down Bonnie's cell phone number so that she would be accessible to
them at all times, then allowed the demoralized blonde to put her blouse back on
but kept her bra and panties as souvenirs before sending her home with a belly
full of Timmie's sperm.




Status Adjustment
Part 5

The phone rang several times before Bonnie finally answered it.

"Hi Bonnie, It's Johnny and please don't hang up on me."

There was silence on the other end but no click.

"I know your still pissed off about last Friday night at the motel but I thought
maybe we could hook up at Teensters tomorrow night and then enjoy a little
loving afterwards at the King's Lodge."

Johnny could hear a heavy sigh on the line. "I don't know what part of I don't
want to see you, you're having trouble understanding."

"God damn it Bonnie, your a real bitch and always have been, I don't know why
I've been your fucking lackey all this time, the only reason you have any
friends at all is due to your good looks and social status."

"Just fuck off", Bonnie screamed, slammed the phone down and it rang again,
almost immediately.

"What?" Bonnie yelled into the speaker.

"Hello Bonnie, this is Tina."

"Why are you calling me here?" Bonnie's spat.

"I couldn't wait to give you the good news, Timmie and I have talked it over and
we've decided to let you off the hook."

"And just what in the hell does that mean?"

"Just that, admittedly Timmie does have a real hard on for you and ever since
you sucked his cock the other night your all the poor kid can think about but
we're being realistic about this and have agreed that if you give yourself to us
totally and completely on friday we'll call it quits, no more dodging or running
from me, no more worries."

Bonnie was pissed the way Tina callously mentioned her sucking Timmie's cock but
chose to ignore it. Tina could sense the feeling of relief in Bonnie's voice.

"Do you mean that Tina?", "I won't have to worry about you humiliating me in
front of my friends?"

"That's right Bonnie, your life will be back to normal again as long as you stop
harassing my friends."

"That sounds really good Tina but what about friday, what are you going to make
me do?"

Tina laughed, "Stop talking like that Bonnie, your making me all wet, anyway
does it really matter?", "it's just one more day and then we can put all of this
behind us?"

Bonnie stammered some, "Errrrr....I guess not."

"Good, my parents will be gone all day on Friday, you skip cheer practice and
come right over to my house after school."

It sounded more like a demand rather than a request.

Bonnie hesitated again before answering. "Sure Tina, it's a deal, see you after
school tomorrow."

    ...............................................................

The next day at school, Johnny asked Bonnie to meet him in the library during
study period. They were seated at a table, huddled together, whispering.

"I know what you said on the phone last night Bonnie but let's give it another
shot, I can afford the motel, we can do it up real special."

Bonnie almost crawled under the table, Tina was sitting at the next table over,
a broad smile on her face.

"Not so loud Johnny, someone might hear you."

"There's no one here anyway except for that scab Tina and who cares if she hears
us?" "Do you know her?"

Bonnie became flustered. "Well yeah,......I mean no........I mean I know who she
is, that's all."

"Well then, what say about tonight Bonnie?"

Apparently irritated and edgy, Bonnie raised her voice to a loud whisper. "I
said no god damn it, now get away from me."

Johnny felt a light tap on his shoulder, when he turned around he was staring at
a pair of horn rimmed glasses in the person of Timmie Watkins. In the mean time,
Tina had left her seat and passed a note to Bonnie as she walked by the table
that read, "Tell Johnny that you are going to fuck his brains out after
Teensters tonight and use those exact words." Timmie kept Johnny busy while all
of this was going on.

"You had a great football season last year, do you have any scholarship offers?"

Johnny didn't answer immediately but rather turned his attention towards Bonnie
who's face was flushed, her cheeks bright red.

"Are you OK Bonnie?", "you look kind of weird."

Bonnie was struggling for breath. "Yeah. I'm OK."

Johnny looked up at Timmie. "Thanks for asking, I do have a couple of solid
feelers from colleges on the west coast." "By the way Timmie, have you met
Bonnie?", Bonnie this is Timmie."

The two looked at one another, Bonnie's face now ashen and pale, she made a
polite gesture with her head while Timmie spoke.

"Yeah, her mouth errrr, I mean her face is familiar. anyway I have to go now,
hope to see you again real soon, Bonnie."

Bonnie placed her hand on Johnny's arm as Timmie walked away.

"I've changed my mind Johnny, we can hook up at Teensters tonight and then
afterwards I'm going to fuck your brains out."

"Jesus your moody, one second your kissing me off for good and the next second
you want to fuck my brains out, what's with you, anyway?"

"Just be at Teensters tonight and you won't be disappointed."




Status Adjustment
Part 6

Tina had no doubts that Bonnie would show and indeed she did, just like the
spider and the fly. Bonnie carried her Teenster ensemble on a hanger, a pair of
faded blue jeans and a simple yellow cut off top that would reveal most of her
sun browned midriff, she carried a pair of yellow, high heel pumps in one hand
and a cosmetic bag in the other. Cleverly she was wearing her powder blue
cheerleader clothes in order to fool some people into thinking she was going to
cheer practice.

It was Timmie who greeted her at the door and led her into the all too familiar
rear bedroom, this time the bedroom at been cleared of everything except for a
bed and two chairs.

Timmie couldn't help smirking. "Nice to see you again so soon Bonnie, your
boyfriend seems like a real nice guy."

Just then Tina entered the bedroom. "Ah!, I see our company has arrived, are you
two lovers  getting reacquainted?"

Bonnie protested. "Wait a minute he's not".......

"Your here to listen and to obey Bonnie and to speak only when asked a
question." "Now did you or did you not suck Timmie Watkins cock until he
climaxed into your mouth?"

"Yes but"...................

"Then that makes you lovers, now doesn't?"

Timmie spoke from behind her. "Please sit down on the rug Bonnie."

The room had been cleared, leaving a large empty space right in the middle,
Bonnie sat down on her hind quarters, her legs stretched out in front of her,
with the palms of her hands flat against the rug behind her supporting her upper
body. Tina and Timmie seated themselves in the two chairs, one positioned on
each side of her.

Timmie ordered Bonnie to remove her shoes and socks.

"Look Timmie, if you want me to suck your cock again, just whip it out and let's
get to it so that I can get out of here."

Before Bonnie even knew that Tina had stood up, Tina was behind her applying a
choke hold across her windpipe, the blonde panicked, unable to draw a breath and
instinctively reached for Tina's forearm which only tightened it's grip. Tina
spoke to her through clinched teeth.

"If you want to ever take another breath, you had better start removing your
shoes and socks."

It was difficult but Bonnie managed, she drew her feet up while being suffocated
and ripped her reeboks off without untying the laces and then easily slipped out
of her socks. Tina allowed her a few minutes to fill her lungs with much needed
oxygen and to somewhat compose herself.

"I warned you about speaking unless asked a specific question, do I make myself
clear or do you need a refresher course, that little hold was child's play
compared to some of my other tricks."

Bonnie's voice was hoarse. "I understand, please don't hurt me."

Then Bonnie heard Timmie's voice behind her. "Remove your bra Bonnie, without
removing your top."

There were no buttons on the cheerleader outfit, the duo watching with amusement
as Bonnie reached under her top and after many humorous gyrations her hand came
out holding a white cotton bra. From Bonnie's other side came Tina's voice.

"Remove your panties Bonnie and hand them to me, I'm sure that you will remember
what to say."

The panties presented no problem, Bonnie didn't even bother with modesty this
time, she quickly handed the conventional white cottons to Tina.

"Thank you Tina for taking my panties."

"Over here now Bonnie, on your knees, take out my penis." Timmie widened his
legs, allowing her better access.

Bonnie unzipped his fly and withdrew his penis through the pee hole of his
jockeys.

"You know what to do, take it in your mouth, all of it."

His penis was not as hard as it had been the first time, Bonnie took the
semi-flaccid penis in her mouth, sucking it as if attempting to inhale it's
entirety. In her present position the hem of Bonnie's short skirt was now in the
middle of her bare ass.

Tina chided the miserable blonde."Bonnie, I can  just about see all of that
stuff your so proud of and that all of the guys in school want a piece of, bend
over just a little farther so that I can get a glimpse of your precious jewels."

Bonnie did and Tina could see her narrow slit, covered by a neatly trimmed batch
of soft down.

"That's better, Timmie is really going to enjoy going in there."

By this time all Bonnie could do was to snort and gurgle, she could feel
Timmie's arousal, his manhood moving and growing in her mouth, it was the
thickness, the wide girth that she couldn't handle, finally with her cheeks
fully bloated and Timmie's hand at the back of her head, he exploded for the
second time into Bonnie Clarke's mouth, spurting his seed down her unprotected
throat while she gagged, fighting not to strangle.




Status Adjustment
Part 7

Entirely naked now, for the first time in their presence, Bonnie laid on the rug
between the seated Tina and Timmie, conspicuous by her lack of clothing in the
fact that the two nerdy creatures savouring her nakedness were fully clothed.
Timmie spoke to her first.

"Lay on your back Bonnie, feet towards me, spread your legs in a wide vee."

The blonde assumed the requested position.

"Now reach down and spread your sweet little pussy for me."

Bonnie used a hand on each side of her vagina to spread the spongy cuntal lips
for Timmie's examination of her most personal feminine region. Timmie was
enthralled by the pink, delicate flesh of her inner passageway.

"May I speak please?" Bonnie whispered.

Timmie looked across at Tina and winked.

"Yes you may speak."

Bonnie continued to vulgarly display herself while she spoke.

"Pease don't ..... don't ......don't fuck me Timmie, I'll do whatever you want,
I'll suck you again, I'll suck you dry but please don't fuck me."

The young boy revelled in his new found power, especially over a hot babe like
Bonnie. "You fuck Johnny all the time, give me one good reason why I shouldn't
get to fuck you."

After all that she had been through, it looked like Bonnie was actually
blushing, a reddish tint glowing on her cheeks.

"Your too big for me Timmie, I think you'll tear me, maybe real bad." "I could
tell when your...when your cock was in my mouth that you'll be too big for me."

"Then what you're really trying to tell me is that I'm too much man for you, is
that right?"

Bonnie nodded her head. "Yeah, that's right Timmie, I admit it, your too much
man for me to handle."

Timmie stood up and began to undress, Bonnie couldn't believe her eyes, the
young kid's hormones were raging out of control, his blood gorged penis was
already iron hard again, his bulging testicles just begging for release.

"I'm sorry Bonnie but your mine tonight, we have an agreement and your going to
live up to your end of the bargain."

Timmie took Bonnie by the hand and helped her up, she looked to Tina, of all
people for empathy but none was forth coming, Timmie's manhood swayed and
lumbered as he led the petrified blonde to the king size bed. He swatted her on
the ass, indicating that she get on the bed, which she did. He positioned her on
her knees, face in the mattress, ass high in the air.

"May I speak Timmie?"

She couldn't see him smiling. "Good girl, your learning fast, yes you may
speak."

"Are you going to take me like this?"

"I might, are you talking about taking it up the ass or getting fucked doggy
style?"

"Good god not up the ass, I've never had it there, I don't allow it."

Timmie snickered. "You don't allow it?" "You are resigned to the fact that I am
going to fuck you, aren't you Bonnie?"

Bonnie's voice echoed her submission. "Yes Timmie, I know that you are going to
fuck me and there is nothing that I can do about it."

"Alright, now that that is settled, if you don't want me to puncture your
asshole, you'll turn over and make the first fuck of my life one that I won't
soon forget, if I'm not happy,real happy with the way things are going I'll flip
you over and put my dick where the sun don't shine."

The beautiful blonde turned over onto her back, lewdly spreading her thighs,
extending her arms in a wanton invitation.

"Come and fuck me Timmie, stick that big prick of yours in my cunt."

Timmie climbed between her legs, laying his scrawny body on top of Bonnie's
gorgeous array of female flesh. She played with the hair at the back of his head
trying to nestle his face  into her bosom but Timmie would have none of that, he
wasn't looking for foreplay, didn't even know what it was, he was hard right now
and was only interested in emptying his load into Bonnie Clarke's cunt. He
raised up slightly, to get a better angle, then placed the tip of his cock
against the entrance to Bonnie's narrow channel.

Bonnie gasped in fright when she felt the touch.

"Please Timmie, not yet, give me a chance to lubricate."

Bonnie yelled out in pain when Timmie bludgeoned his way into her tight sheath.
Once he penetrated her, Timmie held still. looking down to where they were
linked together, the brownish rubbery lips of Bonnie's vagina were puffed out
and tightly stretched by his stout manhood, much like they were melded together.
The sight was euphoric for Timmie, to have Bonnie Clarke's cunt stretched out of
shape and at his disposal.

Then suddenly he began a rapid, piston like motion, Bonnie matching each of his
thrusts with a deafening shriek. Tina picked up Bonnie's discarded panties and
stuffed them in her mouth. Bonnie's finger nails were like talons, clutching and
shredding the sheets, her  screams now reduced to muffled noises as he drove in
and out of her ruptured orifice. Timmie pulled her legs straight up, her feet
now on either side of his face, she could feel his giant testicles bouncing
against her buttocks, then for the third time Timmie unloaded his juices into
Bonnie Clarke's body, a large dose with each pleasurable groan until she had
accepted his entire reservoir. When he withdrew, Timmie's penis was saturated
with a mixture of blood and sperm.




Status Adjustment
Part 8

Bonnie's abrasions turned out to be superficial, just minor scrapes, in fact she
was pretty upbeat right now, even looking forward to her amorous activities
planned with Johnny for this evening.

Tina and Timmie had allowed her to shower and cleanup but demanded that she
remain naked while sitting at the dresser brushing her hair and applying her
make up. While Bonnie was busy doing this, Tina and Timmie were right out side
the door, huddled together and whispering.

"Jesus Tina, where did you get something like that?"

Tina grinned. "I know people and have ways, just never mind, you take this video
cassette and go run you errand."

She handed Timmie the cassette and he went on his way out the door. Tina entered
the bedroom where Bonnie was just finishing her primping.. The blonde looked up.

"Did I hear the door slam?"

"Yeah", Tina said. "Timmie had to run an errand."

Even though Bonnie was deathly afraid of Tina, she felt much better now that
Timmie had left, she had suffered enough sexual abuse from the fucking nerd, she
thought to herself, that little bastard dumping his seed in me like I'm some
kind of garbage disposal, someday I'll pay him back, nobody treats Bonnie Clarke
like that.

"A penny for your thoughts." Tina whispered.

"What?", "Oh I was just thinking, nothing important, what's that you have
there?"

"It's just a little present for you to wear tonight, to Teensters."

Bonnie didn't like the looks of this. "Thanks anyway but I have my accessories
already picked out."

Tina thoroughly enjoyed how she could intimidate the beautiful, much larger
girl. 'Bonnie, don't make me do this the hard way, you won't enjoy it very
much."

"But Tina".......

"Hush up Bonnie, your ours for the whole day, which doesn't end until midnight,
now stand here in front of me."

Bonnie, still naked, stood meekly in front of Tina as ordered.

"That's a good girl Bonnie, now clasp your hands behind your head so that we can
get your arms out of the way." "That a girl, now keep your eyes glued to the
ceiling until I'm finished."

Tina only took a minute or two and then she led Bonnie to a full length mirror.

"Well, what do you think Bonnie?"

"I don't like it very much, what in the hell is it?"

"It's a chastity belt silly, made of light but sturdy metal, can't be removed
without the key and I have it right here."

Tina proudly held a bright, shinny, silver key in her hand.

"You mean that I.....you mean"....

"That's right, no sex for Bonnie until the belt is removed and I have the key."

Tina waved the key back and forth, tantalizing the exasperated young blonde.

"But Tina, you know that I'm supposed to have sex with Johnny tonight, you even
made me promise him that I would fuck is brains out."

Tina smiled. "Well, I guess that's your problem now, isn't it?"

"Look Tina, I can't wear this thing under my jeans, everyone will be able to see
it, now get me out of this."

"Not a problem Bonnie, I have a nice fashionable dress picked out for you, no
one will suspect a thing."

"I just won't go then, Johnny will be expecting to have sex and I can't tell him
the truth about everything that has happened."

"If you don't go Bonnie, I will personally drag you in there on a collar and
leash wearing nothing but the belt."

  ...................................................................

"What's the matter Bonnie?", Johnny asked. "You seem stiff out there on the
dance floor, your fidgety in your chair and your mind seems to be a million
miles away."

"I"m OK, nothings wrong."

"I'm glad because I'm really looking forward to our little escapade at the
King's Lodge."

"About that Johnny, I really think maybe another time."

"What the hell is going on?" "Your treating me like a ping pong ball, first
we're on, then we're off, back and forth, back and forth."

Johnny took Bonnie by the arm and pulled her up from the chair.

"Johnny, what are doing?" "You're hurting me."

Johnny dragged her outside to his Range Rover and opened the door.

"Get in."

Bonnie just stood there until Johnny yelled.

"Get your ass in there, right now."

"I'll get in Johnny but we're not having sex tonight."

Johnny drove directly to the motel.

"Look Johnny, I told you that I'm not having sex with you tonight."

"I've already paid for the room." He showed Bonnie the key.

"Well, I'm sorry but you shouldn't have done that."

"You told me that you were going to fuck my brains out tonight, what was I
supposed to think?" "Look, I've paid for the room, let's at least go in and talk
this out."

"I'll go in for awhile and we can hang but you can talk all you want, sex is out
of the question."

 ...................................................................

Johnny jumped on the bed as soon as they entered the motel room but Bonnie
headed straight for the couch, Johnny patted the bed a couple of times with the
palm of his hand.

"Come on hon, join me."
 
Bonnie shook her head no. Johnny immediately got off the bed, grabbed Bonnie by
both shoulders and pulled her until they were chest to chest, face to face.

"That dress is coming off your bod, one way or another, which will it be?"

Tears sprang to Bonnie's baby-blues.

"Johnny, I know you wouldn't treat me this way, please take me home."

"Looks like I'm going to have to take it off you."

Bonnie could see that he was serious.

"No, wait I'll take it off but first let me explain."

"I've heard enough of you crap, just take off the fucking dress."

Tears now streaked her cheeks as she pulled the dress up over her head in one
fluid motion. Bonnie was now standing there in a white cotton bra, matching
white pumps and a metal contraption around her waist and over her pelvis area.
Johnny started to laugh hysterically.

"What the fuck is that?"

Bonnie was too busy fighting back sobs to answer when suddenly there was a knock
on the door. Bonnie froze, Johnny smiled and opened the door. In single file, in
walked Art, one of Johnny's long time friends, Linda and Yvonne.

"What the hell are they doing here?" Bonnie screamed,

Before she could utter another sound, she was attacked by the two girls, using
equipment from a small bag that they had carried in, they quickly had her wrists
tied behind her back, tied at the ankles and a blue ballgag in her mouth. Lying
on her back, on the bed, her head propped up on a pillow, Bonnie screamed
muffled profanities into her gag until the video cassette began to play on the
television scream. Bonnie was the star of the tape, shown sucking some unknown
person's cock, fucking some unknown person, lying naked and posing on a rug,
wearing nothing but a chastity belt.

"This is an edited version of the tape that was given to me this afternoon",
Johnny told the others." "The way I see it." He went on. "Is that this is our
chance to get back at the biggest, meanest, most self serving bitch that any of
us have ever known."

They all look towards the beautiful struggling blonde on the bed, the one making
the unintelligible mumbling sounds.

"Now back to the business at hand, no matter what we do to her, she really
doesn't have an out, even if she tells someone what we do to her, we always have
the video tape to show that we were all mixed up in some kinky games, including
her and she is of age, so we don't have to worry about that and we can kind of
let her off easy, maybe use her every other weekend or something like that, if
she doesn't show, then copies of the tape get passed around school and other
places."

They all agreed that it was a good plan and that the queen could stand a lesson
or two in humility, not really knowing the full extent of her severe lessons
already given at the hands of Tina and Timmie. Art told them about the warehouse
that his father rents and seldom uses and all agreed that that would be the
ideal location to conduct her lessons. Art started to say something else and
then stopped but Johnny picked up on it.

"What were you about to say Art?"

"I guess nothing."

"Come on, spit it out, we're all friends here."

"Well, what about tonight, I've always dreamed of fucking her, she's so
gorgeous, but you being a friend and all I never let you know how I much I
really wanted her."



Johnny laughed. "The nights almost over Art, no time to take her to the
warehouse and besides Tina has the key to the belt covering her pussy and won't
give it up until tomorrow, Tina wants her to have to sneak in the house with
that thing on."  

Art had a certain gleam in his eye.

"What now." Johnny asked.

"What if that contraption she's wearing leaves her rear entrance open?"

Linda and Yvonne giggled and then Yvonne quipped. "Bet she would like that."

"You old dog." Johnny said, "Why not have a look see?"




Status Adjustment
Part 9

All four of them approached Bonnie who was scrunching herself up against the
headboard as best she could in her bonds, trying to get as far away from the
group as possible.  Art grabbed her by the ankles, pulled her into the middle of
the bed, then easily flipped her over on to her stomach.

"There is a God." The excited Art, practically shouted.

Linda and Yvonne giggled at his excitement, the chastity belt was designed in a
way that left Bonnie's rear crevice open and accessible. Standing directly
behind him, Johnny just smiled and mumbled to himself.

"Don't thank God, Art, thank Tina."

Art quickly untied Bonnie's legs and pulled them apart like a wishbone, Bonnie
made some futile attempts to twist her body over but she was held fast.

"Just look at that fucking ass, have you ever seen anything so fine?", Art
inquired, obviously very excited.

Art released her ankles but positioned himself on his knees between Bonnie's
legs, his own legs keeping hers still well spread, he used his thumbs to
separate her rear cheeks, displaying the tight, crinkled bud of her anus to his
friends.

"Man, just look at that pretty little thing, winking right at me." Art turned to
Johnny. "What do think?" "Is it OK with you Johnny?"

"Be my guest Arthur, it will serve the bitch right, she would never let me do
that, said she didn't allow it."

No one paid any attention to Bonnie's muffled protests but went about their
business, Art asking for the bag of goodies they had brought along. Bonnie
tensed her ass cheeks at the first cold touch of Art's vaseline coated finger,
she instinctively puckered her sphincter muscles but his well lubricated finger
easily slipped through the resistance. Bonnie squealed with indignity as he
finger fucked her virgin asshole, then tried scooting her body up the bed when
Art inserted a second finger. Yvonne pushed Bonnie's face into the large damp
area where her profusely drooling mouth had emptied onto the bed, holding her
steadily in place.

Both girls watched with keen interest as Art prepared for his conquest of
Bonnie's rear passageway, applying a clear, liquid lubricant to his stiffened
penis, he slid his hand up and down his elongated tool until it was saturated
and glistening.

With all the preparations completed, Art pulled a reluctant Bonnie up to her
knees, Yvonne still keeping her face pressed solid against the mattress, then
placed the head of his cock against her small brown wafer, buried beneath gobs
of vaseline. Art imagined the initial penetration to be difficult but his clever
preparation had payed off, he glided his cock slowly between the once proud
cheeks of Bonnie Clarke's bottom, Fascinated beyond belief, Linda and Yvonne
watched Art's prick disappear inch by inch into the depths of Bonnie's rectum
until he held perfectly  motionless, his manhood buried to the hilt in Bonnie's
tight, elastic rear sheath.

Bonnie's bowels were on fire with searing, white hot pain as she screamed
maniacally into her gag. Then with one sweeping withdrawal and thrust, her
sounds became unrecognizable as human, more like those of a wounded animal. With
his hands held tightly around Bonnie's tiny waist, Art began to pummel her with
quick withdrawals and deep hard thrusts, Bonnie was nearly unconscious, emitting
involuntary grunting sounds with each of his thrusts when Art finally exploded.
Art's jet stream was powerful and it's load hefty, he left his organ deep in
Bonnie's orifice long after the pulsating had stopped, squeezing every drop of
his sperm into her bowels. When Art withdrew his cock a long squelching sound
escaped from Bonnie's anus, causing laughter from her four tormentors. Yvonne,
still clamping down on Bonnie's head spoke to the two guys.

"OK Art, you've had your fun for the evening, you and Johnny go on home, Linda
and I will take care of the queen, we have a couple of things to go over with
her about her new status in life."

As Johnny and Art left, they could hear the two girls going about their
business.

"God it looks like she took a piss."

"Don't worry about it, with that belt on we can't clean her up anyway."

"Let's carry her over to the couch, out of the mess and then get her gag off, I
have some ideas on how to put her mouth to work."

                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





