BDSM Library - Lenny Takes A Screamer




Lenny Takes A Screamer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lenny and Joel have a cabin in the woods that they like to take a screamer to.  This one is young and a fighter.  They teach her a thing or two about taking cock.
Lenny Takes A Screamer

Lenny grabbed her.  No beating about the bush, he simply clapped one hand over
her mouth and the other he used to hoist her up over his shoulder as he moved
swiftly towards the waiting vehicle.  She was so surprised that she didn't even
start to struggle until he reached the van and passed her to the outstretched
arms of his mate Joel.  The sliding door slammed shut as Joel and the bitch got
inside.  Lenny ran to the drivers seat and climbed in.  The engine was already
running and the two guys whooped in excitement as Lenny floored the accelerator
and they tore away from the curb heading straight for the highway. 

"Christ she's young Lenny!" Joel had the bitch on his lap, his arms pinning her
to him and forcing her ass to grind against his raging hard on.

"Yeah - I like em young!"  Lenny laughed as he watched the game in his rear
vision mirror.  Joel had started to feel her up a bit and she was fighting him
with tears welling up in her big blue eyes.

"Ask her what her name is Joel."  Lenny swerved to miss a car and it honked its
horn.  He started to pay more attention to the road.

"What's your name sweetheart?" Joel released his hold over the girl's mouth so
that she could answer.  Immediately she let out a blood curdling scream.

"Fuck!" Swore Lenny, swerving again.  Can't you keep the bitch under control
Joel?  I'm trying to drive!  Slap her, show her who's boss!

Joel backhanded her across the face hard.  "I asked you a question slut now
answer me!" 

The hand again moved away from her mouth and despite her desperate fear she
managed to answer him with a breathless voice, "Sally-Anne"

"Well Sally-Anne, that's better!" Joel stroked the red swelling mark he had
caused on her face.  "See if you are a good girl Sally-Anne, then it wont hurt
half as much."

"How old is she?"  Lenny asked

Joel's arms locked around Sally-Anne's torso, releasing her mouth completely. 
"Now sweetheart, I'm letting go of your mouth, but if you try screaming like
that again I'm gonna hurt you real bad.  You understand me?"

She nodded, wide eyed, shivering, and blubbering in terror.

"So bitch, how old are you?"  Joel's mouth came close to her right ear and she
could feel his breath as he spoke to her.

"I'm thirteen tomorrow"  Sally-Anne replied as she cringed away from Joel.

"Thirteen eh!  Wow you are a young un!"

"Ask her if she's still got her cherry" Lenny prompted, glancing back at them
both.

"Sally-Anne, we need to know something personal now," He paused for effect,
speaking in a soft, fatherly kind of way, "We need to know if you're a virgin?"

"Yes" Her eyes never left the floor.

"Well of course you are darling!  You're only twelve years of age." Joel bounced
her briefly on his knee.

"Thirteen"

"That's right, its your birthday tomorrow.  How lucky are you - we're gonna give
you your birthday present a day early!"  Joel started laughing.

"Tell her where we're going Joel" Lenny called from the front.

"Ah yes," Joel nibbled at Sally-Anne's ear, "We're taking you to a special place
a long way from anywhere where you can scream as loudly as you like.  We're
gonna make you into a woman Sally-Anne, watcha think of that eh?"

"Tell her how Joel!" Lenny couldn't resist rubbing his crotch.

"We're gonna spit yer in half slut!  I'm gonna break this cute little ass of
yours.  Do you get my drift?"  Sally-Anne shook her head miserably.  Her sobs,
and Joel's laughter accompanied them for the rest of the journey to the log
cabin. 

The location was remote.  It belonged to Lenny's brother who would no doubt be
joining them later in the evening, and it was perfect for breaking in a fresh
screamer.  Lenny and Joel made a habit of bringing a bitch out to the cabin once
every four or five months.  They had never had one as young or as good looking
as this one though.  Lenny was wondering if she'd even be fuckable at her age
since her cunt would be extremily tight.  He had a hard time preventing himself
creaming his pants as he drove the van into the driveway and turned off the
engine.

"We're here!" He announced cheerfully as he jumped out. "Let's get the bitch
inside!"

Sally-Anne had been brought up in a protective home.  She had no ï¿½dea why these
bad men had kidnapped her and taken her so far away from home.  She kept wanting
to scream "WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?"  But the nasty man holding on to her
had said that if she behaved then she would not be hurt.  She was trying to be
good so that they wouldn't hurt her.  She just wanted them to let her go. 

The front door swung open and Sally-Anne was dragged inside by the two men.  It
was dark since there was no electricity and the blinds were all drawn.  Lenny
struck a match and lit a candle.  He then set about lighting some lamps and
gradually the room became more and more visible.  Sally-Anne was confronted by
the view of a large room with King sized bed in the centre of it.  The bed had
several leather straps attached to all four bed posts.  The bed was covered in a
plastic sheet.  Joel forced her to sit on the bed while he took his boots off. 
He told her to take her shoes off as well which she did quickly.

Lenny entered the room and stared hungrily at her.  "Now bitch, I want you to
take off all your clothes."

Sally-Anne gasped.  She had no knowledge of sex.  She had a vague idea about
what happened between a husband and a wife to make babies, but she didn't know
that she had anything between her legs that this man might want.  Her face was a
mess of tears and mucus from her streaming nose.   She stared back at Lenny in
shock, not knowing how to respond.

"I said..." Lenny stepped forward and jerked her to her feet by her arms.  He
raised his hand to hit her and she ducked, whimpering.  "Get your goddam clothes
off now!  I want to see you naked and lying on that bed in less than thirty
seconds or 'I'm gonna mess that pretty face of yours up." 

Joel was busy taking his clothes off and dumping them on a chair.  Sally-Anne
looked first at Joel then at Lenny and his raised fist.  She started unbuttoning
her dress. 

"ONE...TWO...THREE...FOUR..." Lenny started counting as he also began removing
his clothes.

Sally-Anne was embarrassed but she kept unbuttoning until the dress slid from
her shoulders and fell to the floor.  She stood in a singlet and knickers.

"NINE...TEN...ELEVEN...TWELVE..."

She was alarmed that these men were also taking their clothes off.  She had
never seen a man naked before and she had never been naked in front of one
either.  Her singlet lifted over her head and her fingers paused on the inside
of the elastic of her knickers.

"TWENTY...TWENTY-ONE...TWENTY-TWO..."

She didn't dare look anywhere but at the ground in front of her.  Her heart
pounded in her ears as she slowly began to lower her knickers.

TWENTY-FIVE...

"Blimey!" Exclaimed Joel "She's hairless!  She aint more than a kid an' she
doesn't even have tits yet. Maybe she's two young for fucking Len?"

"TWENTY-EIGHT...

Sally-Anne stood naked before the two nasty looking men.  She felt so small
compared to their huge bodies looming over her.  She almost forgot that the
taller guy had told her to lie down on the bed.  She sat down quickly at the
same moment as he reached the number THIRTY.

Lenny smiled across at Joel and winked.  "She'll do just fine Joel.  Why don't
you help me by hopping up on the bed behind her head and holding her arms for
me.  We can both watch her pretty little face as she screams."

Joel scrambled up onto the bed wearing nothing but his jocks.  Sally-Anne found
herself suddenly dragged backwards across the bed with Joel pinning her arms
above her head and leering down at her.  Although everything was blurry from the
tears she was shedding, Sally-Anne could clearly see Joel leering down at her
with a crooked grin and stinky breath. 

Stretched out her little white body looked so small and vulnerable.  Her soft
skin was bald except for the odd scarcely visible, soft, blonde hair.  Her tiny
crack screamed virgin as her skinny waist showed the beginnings of a womanly
figure and her limbs still maintained the youthful puppy fat look.  Her chest
was completely flat and boyish.  Her doll like face, streaked with tears and
swollen from the slap that Joel had given her earlier in the van.

Both men couldn't drag their eyes away from the sheer beauty of this innocent
girl they had laying there just waiting for them to fuck her brains out.

Lenny dropped his trousers and jocks in one smooth movement.  His cock jumped to
attention with immediate relief.  He knew this was going to be hard work but he
just had to get his dick inside that tight young pussy before he blew his load. 
Watching Sally-Anne for her reaction he was pleased to see fresh terror on her
face as her eyes grew wider and her tears dribbled all over her face.  Her eyes
were locked on his erection and the expression was priceless.  As young as she
was Lenny couldn't believe how innocent she looked.  It was as if she had no
idea of what was happening to her at all.

"Look bitch!" Lenny said as he climbed up onto the bed and forcibly spread her
legs with both hands revealing a small, soft pink pussy that made him gasp and
take his rigid cock in his right hand. "Have you ever seen one of these before?"

"No." She choked in reply

"Good" He stroked the length of his tool.  "Then you'll remember this as being
the first cock that broke your cherry.  Now lie back and open your legs wide. 
This is going to hurt you.  In fact its going to hurt your poor little cunt like
nothing you've ever felt before, but if you relax and try not to fight me then
it wont last long understand?"

She nodded without any understanding of what was about to happen.

Lenny's hand probed between her legs and she gasped as his fingers touched her
most private parts.  Surely he wasn't going to play around there it was dirty. 
That was where she went to the toilet.

"Lie still bitch." Ordered Lenny.

His fingers probed again.  Gently at first but then he began to hurt her as he
pinched at her tiny clit, making her jerk and buck in pain.  Suddenly a finger
found her virgin hole and pushed hard making her scream in agony.

"Ah we got ourselves a screamer Joel" remarked Lenny.  He didn't take his finger
away, in fact he continued to force it inside her.  The blood drained away from
her sweet face as suddenly she realized what he was going to do to her.  Her
head came up and her eyes locked onto his swollen prick.  Her breathing became
hoarse as she began to hyperventilate.

"No, No, NO PLEASE!" She started struggling, kicking out with her soft white
legs and much to Lenny's delight her pink little pussy could be seen opening and
closing like a bud as she fought against him.

"That's right bitch,"  Lenny used his knees to spread her legs wider and climbed
up between her.  He spat on his hand and mixed the moisture in with the pre-cum
on this cock so that it didn't hurt him when he took her. "You know where this
is going now don't you!"

"Stop!  NO!" Demented she thrashed from side to side like a spider with a pin
stuck through the centre of it.  So helpless and yet desperate for release. 
Lenny was so fucking horny that he could feel the heat of his lust on his
eyelids and right through his stomache.  Using his hands to guide his prick to
the entrance of her vagina, he settled into a good fucking position, smiling
down at Sally-Anne with a animal look of desire in his eyes. 

As Lenny raised her legs and wrapped his arms under her hips, his cock head
nestled against the new home he planned to forge and he took a deep breath and
threw all his weight forward against the little bitches body.  Her screams
filled his ears like sweet music.  He had the head of his cock just inside her
entrance.  Fuck she was tight!

"Yeah!" Joel encouraged him as he held tightly onto Sally-Anne's arms. "Fuck
her, Fuck the little cunt, Fuck her good!"

Lenny thrust again with as much energy as he could muster.  His cock jumped
forward a few centimetres and jammed up against the sweet girl's hymen.  Her
head snapped back, the veins stood out on her white neck and she screamed the
best goddam scream he ever heard a bitch utter.  Filled with urgent passion he
pulled back and slammed into her again.  He felt her tear as his cock shot
inside to the hilt.  His balls tightened as they slammed against her virgin
pussy.

"AAAAAAHHHHH" She screamed.  "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  AAAAAAAHHHHH!"

"I'm in!" He told Joel as he closed his eyes and savoured the moment as her torn
virginity opened up to his manhood and she writhed like a dead snake beneath
him.  Never had he felt anything as tight or as good as this.  He had to pause
for a moment and concentrate on deep breathing in order to stop himself from
cumming straight away.  He wanted to hear her scream a bit more before that
happened.  Wanted to make it last.  Wanted the little cunt to always remember
her first fuck as being a pretty long and eventful one.  She was howling like a
wild thing as he started thrusting in and out, in and out, making her body buck
and twist as it fought to get away from the huge driving cock that was raping
her vagina.  He rocked his hips from left to right, ripping the outer edges of
her hymen wider, causing her as much pain as possible.

"Gotta open you up properly bitch.  You're going to be fucked by Joel next and
his cock is twice the size of the one that's fucking you now!"

Joel sniggered.  He was feeling the after shocks of each and every thrust that
Lenny gave to the bitch as her entire body shunted up the bed into him. He sat
on her hands, pinning her squirming body down as he held onto his raging hard on
and tried not to cum early.

Lenny drove his cock into the screamer as hard as he could.  He was a wild beast
ravaging and devouring a meal.  His whole body was behind the cock that split
the girl apart.  He felt her pain beneath him, reveled in it, rode it hard and
the heat of his lust coursed through his body and made his dick swell and
twitch.

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" Her screams and sobs wracked her body and made
her body bead in sweat.  "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  OHHH  GOD NO.  AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH    
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

Fucking faster now his dick stroked in and out of the freshly ploughed cunt hole
and his balls felt like they were going to explode.  He felt them release their
load and paused as he gathered his breath.

"Here we go" He panted as he drew his dick completely out of her and then
slammed it back in with all his might.  "Ahh!  YEAH YEAH  AWWW!"  He yelled as
his dick exploded and cum shot up into Sally-Anne in rivers.  She felt it
squirting and pulsing inside her and she lay shivering, heaving and sobbing
underneath the giant who had just raped her cruely and enjoyed every single
second of it.  He collapsed heavily on top of Sally-Anne and kissed her deeply,
sticking his tongue into her mouth and suffocating her.

With a sudden jerk Lenny yanked his dick from the bloody young cunt and slapped
her appreciative on her thighs.  Joel released her hands and they went straight
up between her legs to nurse the awful pain she felt.  She pressed her hands to
her pussy and cried openly like a baby.  Thankful that it was finally over, she
rolled onto her side in the foetal position and closed her eyes tightly. 

She felt rough hands dragging her back into position and a moan rose from her
dribbling lips as Joel climbed between her legs.  The awful realization hit her
that the pain was going to continue.  This second bad man was going to do the
same awful thing to her as the first one had done.  As Joel forced her hands
away from her pussy he wriggled out of his jocks and Sally-Anne came face to
face with a cock that was twice as thick as the previous one that had raped her,
and half as long again.  Joel was well endowed with nine and a half inches of
thick, hard cock.  Judging by the way he was lying on her body, forcing her legs
up and back and her arms up above her head, she knew exactly where he was going
to put that monster of an instrument.

"Please no more!" She sobbed, "Please PLEASE stop!  PLEASE!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOO"

"It ain't over bitch!  It's only just begun" He positioned himself at the
entrance of her bloody cunt and to the constant scream of "NOOOOOOOOOO" the rape
continued.


To be continued....




Chapter 2

Joel was used to waiting his turn with a screamer.  Lenny liked to pop their
cherries.  He liked to see the shock on their faces as he forced his cock into
their dry, frigid cunts.  But Joel had a much bigger cock than Lenny.  He liked
to take them second, to let Lenny knock the wind out of them so that he could
take his time and really break them in.  His thick, uncut cock was rigid as he
crawled in between Sally-Anne's flailing legs.  She looked so sweet lying there
naked, hairless and trembling with fear and exhaustion.  Her little cunny was
smeared with red blood from loosing her virginity to Lenny's vicious rape.  Joel
knew that her cunt had been tight for Lenny, he'd never seen someone as young as
this take a man's cock.  His balls churned as he thought of how she was going to
feel like she was loosing her cherry all over again in a moment when he got his
dick buried into her.  Joel's cock was longer than Lenny's and twice the
thickness.  His huge, thick foreskin stretched nearly an inch over the cock head
and made it look even bigger.

"NOOOOOOOO oh please stop!" Sally-Anne twisted and squirmed beneath him.  Her
hands were covered in blood from nursing her aching pussy.

Joel ran his rough hands over her flat chest, tracing the hard, red nipples.  He
pinched one of them between thumb and forefinger and she moaned louder.

 "Hey no tits," he greeted her cheerfully as he pinched the nipple again.  "Did
ya like it when Lenny fucked ya?"

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO it hurts.  It hurts.  NOOOOOO please stop!" Sally-Anne's
tears had made rivers all over her face and neck, her whole face was screwed up
in agony and shame.

"I bet ya loved having Lenny's dick in ya.  I betcha just can't wait for the
next cock to screw ya senseless."  Joel stuck a thumb between her legs, pressing
into her cunt and moving deeper until it was jammed deeply in her vagina. "There
bitch!  Feel good?  Why don't ya just lie back and enjoy it bitch coz I'm gonna
stick my dick in ya and screw ya till ya can't take it no more."

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO  OHHHHHHHHHH  PLEASE NOOOOOOOOOOOOO."

"Yeah bitch," Joel moved his thumb about inside her. "Now I want you to scream
for me good and loud while I fuck ya."

Joel moved forward and rubbed his hard member up and down her crack.  Her
moaning and crying increased in desperation.

"AAAAAAAARRRGH," she choked as more pain stabbed through her body.

"Yeah, that's it.  Scream you little slut,"  Joel yanked his hand from her
crotch and brought a bloodstained thumb up to her face.  "Suck it"

Forcing his thumb into her mouth he felt her gag on the taste of her own blood
and Lenny's cum.  Grabbing a fist full of her long blonde hair he drew her head
backwards, lifted her slightly so that his cock was better aimed and gently
pressed up against her fuck hole.  His cock strained at the girl's tight cunt
hole, there seemed like no possible way of shoving something so big inside
something so small, but yet he persisted.  He rocked from side to side, pulling
on her hair, raising her legs as high as he could, sucking on her flat little
nipples until the head of his dick began to work its way inside. 

Deliberately Joel would thrust in a way that was designed not so much to get
inside, but to cause Sally-Anne maximum hurt.  He loved hearing her scream, and
scream she did.  High pitched squeals of pain with each thrust, and growling
moans of despair in between the thrusts.  His cock began to hurt with the
pressure and yet he couldn't get it inside her.

"Would you fucking spread your legs bitch!" He yelled at her.  He drew her knees
back as far as they would go so that her legs lay flat above her head parallel
with her arms. 

"Now take it bitch!  Open that cunt up for me girl.  Ahhh I'm gonna split you
open with my prick.  Scream for me, that's it, scream as loud as you can.  I'm
gonna rape ya till yer learn to take this dick right in your baby cunt."

Suddenly Joel's dick found enough leverage and lubrication and jumped forward so
that the head tore inside by an inch.  Sally-Anne froze as this new invasion
tore at her young tender skin, she felt as if this bad man had just driven a
huge steel pole into her most private parts and split her in half.  She thought
that she must be dying.  The pain was so intense that her mind desperately
sought to disengage from what was happening to her.  She tried to think of
something else but the sheer agony the huge dick thrusting away in her cunt
brought her right back again, lying spread out and pinned down beneath this
giant man who was slowly and surely fucking her to death with his enormous
member.

"Fuck yeah!" Joel drove another inch inside her tight cunt. "Good girl.  Take my
dick in yer cunt hole.  You're nothing but a slut.  You were made to be fucked
like this bitch.  You're nothing but a tight fuck hole and you need to be broken
in and taught how to do what you were brought into this world to do bitch.  To
lie there and take it.  Yeah!  Fuck that feels good.  Open up for me bitch. 
Does that hurt your poor little pussy bitch?  I like it when you scream for me
babe.  Makes me feel like fucking you harder."

Her screams broke the air again as Joel's dick dislodged itself from the
tightness of her opening.  As he thrust himself into her his cock suddenly
slammed right in to the hilt.  His balls slapped between her legs as his dick
ripped through her womb and filled her entirely with solid manhood. 

Her head thrashed from side to side as she fought to take the pain.  Joel knew
he was about to cum.  Usually he could take anything up to an hour raping a new
screamer.  This time he had barely been on top of her for ten minutes.  He'd
only been fully inside her for about forty seconds.  But fuck she was tight and
hot and damn it, she was going to take every bit of his seed as he sprayed her
childlike insides with his cum.

Ignoring her screams, Joel withdrew his dick completely and after a brief pause,
he threw himself forward and fucked the full length of it back up inside her. 
Sally-Anne felt her consciousness begin to slip away as Joel stiffened inside
her and his cock exploded, cum shooting, burning and spraying straight into her
butchered womb.

When Joel pulled his shrinking dick from her bloody, sloppy cunt he looked at
the beautiful sight of this bald little blonde cunt covered in his cum and the
blood of her rapes.  He stepped away from her and turned around.  Lenny had been
standing in the doorway drinking a beer and watching him the whole time. 
Lenny's dick was hard again and without a word, he handed Joel his beer and
climbed up onto the bed between the legs of the unconscious girl.

"Well Sally-Anne," Lenny remarked as he slid his dick easily into her red cunt,
"Time for sloppy seconds!  Hope you sleep well bitch coz when you wake up we're
gonna fuck you again and again and again until you're cunt is nothing but a
gaping hole."

He started pumping steadily in and out of Sally-Anne's freshly raped cunt.  Each
thrust was accompanied by a slurping sound from between Sally-Anne's legs, and a
grunt from Lenny."  She woke just in time as Lenny thrust into her one last time
and gasped as he started cumming.  It was a mind blowing orgasm.  His cock
simply emptied itself in rivers in her wide spread cunt.  He shook and trembled
as it took him and he thrust furiously three or four times until the feelings
subsided and a wave of tiredness washed over him.  He felt so warm and
wonderfully satisfied that he bent down and kissed the ruined girl on the
forehead. 

Both men went into the next room to crack open a beer, and Sally-Anne lay
spread-eagled, not even bothering to cover herself in exhaustion.  She was
broken.  She drifted into a deep, deep sleep and dreamed of a fire being lit
between her legs.

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  exex4436


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





