BDSM Library - The Bondage Club




The Bondage Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Guest get a surprise when a couple reveal their bondage habit.
The Bondage Club

Our house has a very large garden and is situated in the country miles from
anywhere and is total private. It is a lovely Sunday morning in the height of
summer. Guest will soon be arriving for our barbeque. I am just finishing off
the preparations for the entertainment. I am 34 years old 5ft 10inchs with long
blond hair small hips and a rather large 38 inch bust.

The seats are all in place and around the area are some sealed trunks which will
be used latter. The guest start to arrive and the barbecue is well under way
there are lots of couples and all of them are our friends but none know our
secret but they soon will.

The drinks are flowing freely and everyone is in a lively mood it would soon be
time for our demo, my husband gave me a nod and I went off to the shed behind
the bushes at the bottom of the garden.

A few minutes later my husband joined me and helped me off with my dress. I was
now dressed in stocking, suspender belt, high heel shoes very tight fitting
shiny blue panties and matching bra which was straining to keep my huge tits in
place.

My husband applied a collar around my neck and locked it in place next came the
cuffs for my wrists which he also locked. Next my hand were pulled high up my
back and locked onto my collar he grinned as he approached me with my favourite
ball gag. He struggled to get the huge ball in my mouth and tighten the harness
over my head but at last I was silent. 

My husband held out some plastic panties for me to step into which I did. He
then pulled them up adjusting the elastic around my legs and waist. My legs were
then cuffed and chained together by a short hobble chain. He looked at me and
asked if I was ready, I nodded as he added a dog lead to my collar.

We left the shed and went out into the garden it took a while before people saw
us and slowly as we made our way to the small stage people stood in silence and
open mouthed. I struggled with my feet hobbled to walk with mincing steps to the
stage.

My wife and I would like to share our hobby with you my husband was saying. We
are into bondage and today we are going to share it with you and put on a
demonstration. You can see my wife is in bondage her arms are bound to her neck
collar so they are useless and out of the way her feet are hobbled and the thing
in her mouth is called a ball gag. The gag stops her speaking and also makes her
drool a lot keeping her totally submissive and she loves it.

Her hands are tied out of the way so if I cane her arse she cant put her hands
down. At this point he turned me around so people could see my arse, he bent me
over and canned me about 5 times. You can see that she also cant cry out when
she is being punished. She does like to be punished he explained and she loves
her nipple clamps. He produced some clamps and pulled my bra aside and
demonstrated how the clamps worked. There was a short chain from each clamp with
a clip on the end he explained that this could be fastened onto my plastic
panties.

Someone ask why attach them to my panties. I am glad you asked he said I will
demonstrate, with this he went over to the ice bucket and tipped the ice and
frozen water into my panties. I let out a groan as the weight pull my panties
down a little which in turn pulled my nipples. Get the idea he asked everyone, I
will now collect your half empty glasses he said. With this he pulled me by my
lease and walked into the crowd as I walked people pulled back my panties and
tipped their drinks in, a lot cheated and put full drinks in. After a few
minutes my nipples were being pulled like made as my panties filled with liquid.

After five mins my panties are nearly falling off as I am brought back to the
stage by my husband. He releases my nipples at long last and he also releases my
hands ready for the next demo. While he is talking I remove my plastic panties.
My next demo he said is to show how the women can torture her self while in
bondage.

He lead me over to an old swing frame and had me stand in a 6 inch box. My
husband placed a belt around my waist and attached a rope with knots in as he
explained that this was a crotch rope. He lead the rope between my legs and up
my back my hands were tied above my head to the top of the frame and back to the
crotch rope. He took time getting it just right so I was real straining with my
arms and the crotch rope was pulling tight.

He explained that as my hands got tired I would have to pull down to relive the
tension thus pulling on my crotch. He produced my vibrating nipple clamps and
showed the guests. He explained that like normal clamps they clamped nipples but
the heavy plastic weight was a vibrator which could go from soft to hard
vibrating and send a woman into an organism.

He showed people the clever bit with the clamps as they were controlled by a
spring clamp which was a small ball gag with a spring attached switch. As long
as the ball was complete there was no vibration but the ball had a strong spring
which forced it apart and the further it went apart the worse the vibrations,
the worse bit was it wouldn't go back to the normal size but stay vibrating at
that size. The strong spring meant you have to bite down to try and keep the
ball from expanding. Once it was fully expanded your mouth was forced wide open.

He attached the clamps after his little demo and tied them to a post in front so
I couldn't move without pulling the clamps and my nipples. Even though I still
had my bra on the clamps were biting into my nipples. He connected the wires to
the ball and placed it into my mouth. I had to bite down hard to stop it forcing
my mouth apart and starting the vibrators.

Now we watch as she tries to control herself he told everyone. She is fighting
to remain still so she doesn't pull her nipples and she is trying to keep her
hand still even though they are getting tired, and lastly she is trying to keep
the ball tight. She is in charge of her own destiny.

My arms were really starting to ache and I was trying to remain still so I
didn't pull my nipples. The ball was hell as the spring was strong and I knew I
would loose the battle very soon. We cant wait all day my husband said so we
will help her on her way, normally she would suffer slowly for along time. He
picked up the paddle and whacked my arse as I fought to remain still after 3 or
four strokes I was moving and felt my nipples being pulled.
Another stroke and I let out a yell and it was over the ball opened and started
the nipple vibrators as I fought to keep it still closed. By now I was pulling
on my arms which was getting me going as it pulled my crotch rope. Another
couple of minutes and I had lost completely my mouth was now jammed wide open
and the clamps very vibrating like mad. I pulled on my hands to get my self off
and to help my husband kick the box from under me making me hang in mid air
until I got my tip toes on the floor. I burst into a massive orgasm   as
everyone stood there watching.

That should give you an idea of how things are done we now invite you all to try
it for yourselves. In the boxes around the garden are lot of bondage equipment
please feel free to try it out for your self. With that my husband started to
unties me.

I collapsed in a heap as he let me go exhausted from my experience. We looked
around to see what people were doing. We were surprised that so many women were
willing to have a go. Jane a 24 year old redhead was already down to a very sex
set of red underwear and her boy friend was trying to find some ropes in the
box. Jane was telling him to hurry up as she wanted to try the nipple clamps.

Instead of rope he came back with plastic rap and said this will have to do. She
stood with her hands by her side as he started to wrap her up then noticed she
still had her bra on and told her to remove it. She did and her huge tits burst
free. He wrapped her up to her waist really tight when my husband stepped in and
suggested he try some tape around her tits before he finished wrapping her.

They both grabbed her tits and as one held them the other wrapped clear tape
tightly around the tits base so they swelled up even more. When they had
finished her tits were like balloons and the nipples stood erect. They finished
wrapping her with the plastic wrap so she was like a mummy. My husband gave her
boyfriend a blow up gag and showed him how to insert it and blow it up until her
mouth was huge. She was now totally wrapped and silent.

Clare's boyfriend had copied what they had done to Jane so we now had two
mummies. They decided now to join them together face to face with more wrap so
their tits were squashed together and they were nearly kissing expect for the
gags. They were lower to the ground with Jane on top. Jane boyfriend produced a
cane and whip Jan's arse. She in turn tried to get out of the way  and in doing
so rolled Clare on top. The boys thought this was fun as they could now make
them role around the garden by whipping them so they kept rolling over.

We left them to their fun and looked over to see Pat and Paul over by the swing
I had used earlier. Pat was down to a very sexy white slip and nylons. She was a
plump girl but bulged in all the right places specially her tits which were
huge, she was always a bit worried about her body hence the slip.

Her hand were tied together above her head on to the top of the swing and
between her legs on a metal pole was a vibrator which just stopped short of its
target. We watched as Paul found the hose pipe and started spraying her with
cold water all over. The effect was wonderful as the now sexy slip became
transparent so you could see her red bra and panties hugging her body. Stop it
she kept saying they can see through my slip now. Paul ignored her and picked up
a whippy cane. Spread your legs he told her. She new if she did that this would
lower her onto the vibrator, so she refused. He whipped her arse a few times and
she soon started to open her legs. He put his hand up her slip to help the
vibrator enter her. He whipped her again and kept telling her to open her legs
more. You filthy beast she cried my arse hurts to which Paul replied its
supposed to it bondage.

Slowly she open her legs and the vibrator went slowly deeper as Paul gave her an
odd whip on the arse. She was now getting really worked up and started screaming
more whip me more as the vibrator did its work. I had never seen a women so
worked up. Whip me she screamed again and Paul gave her a good whip. Not my arse
she screamed whip my tits. Paul went around the front and with both hands
grabbed her slip and ripped it wide open her bra came away as well and her huge
tits burst free. She just didn't care about anyone seeing her now as she shook
her tits from side to side still screaming whip my tits.

By now her legs were off the ground so she could get the vibrator right inside
her. Paul whipped her tits as she exploded in a massive climax.

Her sister Sue was reluctant to be seen striped as well and her boyfriend had
settled with using my collar and had tied her arms way up her back to the
collar. She had a pump up blind fold on that cut out every ray of light. She
still had on her dress and high heels and she was being led round by a dog lead.
Her boy friend had managed to get a huge vibrator inside her which was
controlled by remote control.

We heard her complaining as he walked her about. Get this thing out of me you
bastard, he ignored her and kept her moving. The movement was difficult as she
had her legs hobbled by a chain.  As he turned on the vibrator she started to
change just like her sister and started getting excited.  He kept turning it off
and on so she didn't peek too soon. With the blind fold she had no idea where
she was. As she got more excited she had difficulty walking trying to keep her
self together.

As the vibrator started again she lost it and demanded more, more. Suck my tits
she screamed for gods sake suck em. Like her sister he obliged by ripping her
dress off and then her bra leaving her in only stockings and a very tight pair
of green shiny panties. Instead of sucking her tits he put on my clamps and
attached a chain to them. Tighten them she screamed, so he did. He forced her
down onto her knees near the fence and tied the chain to the bottom of the
fence. She was now stuck tied by her tits and finding it hard to keep her
balance.

He turned the vibrators on the clamps to full and turned her vibrator up to
maximum. She pulled back on her own tits stretching them like mad and then
bounced up and down in a massive orgasm.  I wondered how these to shy girls were
going to get home with little or no cloths.


Sheila and Sam were having fun their boyfriends had got together to treat both
girls. They were both sitting with their legs tied in a half lotus position and
the 2 girls were back to back. Their were ropes wrapped around both girls above
and below their tits so they were tuck back to back. Their was a rope joining
the to ropes above and below their tits to their feet which squeezed their tits
into balloons. Both  girls were gagged with ball gags and their hand went behind
their backs and around the other girl. The really cruel bit was their hands were
tied with their palms out making it real awkward. The boy were laughing at them
as they had given them a vibrator each which they struggled to hold in their
hands they couldn't use it on them selves but could attempt to use it on each
other. With their legs tied as they were and not being able to see it was
impossible for them to reach each others fannies with the vibrators. All they
managed to do was to pull the ropes on their tits tighter and after a few
minutes fall over onto their sides.

The boys thought it would be funny to smack their bums at this point which cause
them to wriggle across the lawn trying to get away.

Maureen was all alone down to her black panties with her legs wrapped around a
big tree and tied together. Her arms were tied behind her back and nipple clamps
were attached to chains that went around the tree. A huge root stuck out of the
ground and was right between her arse and as it slopped away from the tree she
had to struggle to keep her self upright. It looked very uncomfortable and you
could see the strain on her face trying to keep herself from pulling on her
nipples. A huge blow up gag completed her bondage.

We looked around and realized someone was missing it was Itty and Rod were could
they be, had they gone off in disgust? Just then we saw them and boy oh boy. I
couldn't believe it Itty was dressed in a complete shiny plastic suit, it was so
tight that it was like her skin. There wasn't a crease in it and it was so thin
you could see every bit of her body outlined. Her nipples were clearly pierced
and she had her own set of rings permanently in her nipples. She looked
magnificent but what was more amazing was her bondage.

She had her thighs strapped to her ankles and she was on a modified type of
skate board which had a raised crotch bar coming out of the middle which she was
riding. The crotch bar had a vibrator built in to it. She could only move by
walking on her knees to make the board travel forward and the effort must be
fantastic.   We have been into bondage for a long time Rod said and we have
progressed into very stringent bondage. My husband insisted that he show us all
some.

All the girls were undone and Rod agreed to do some bondage demos. He selected
Sue as he saw a potential in her. He took her over to the swing still wearing
her green panties. He produced from a bag he had with him a strange bra which at
the front was basically to steel large rings which he forced Sue's tits through.
It took a lot of effort to get them through as her tits were so large. They were
now constricted by the rings and swelled up like mad he fastened the very wide
leather straps at the back which had cuffs built in to the strap.

Her wrist were fastened into the cuffs which had both arms in a hammer lock
right up her back, this only made her tits stick out more. He produced a very
large ball with a hollow tube in it and forced it into her mouth  her cheeks
swell up with the size of the ball. He then pulled a stocking over her head and
down to her neck he made a hole for the tube to come through and one for her
nostrils. He then started taping her mouth so she couldn't spit out the ball but
he went all around her head. He covered her eyes with cloth and continued to
tape her head, he taped under her jaw and over her head so she couldn't move her
mouth. Her whole head was now covered in tape with only her nostrils and the
tube from the ball showing. The whole thing must have been frightening as she
was now totally cut off from the world in her own silent prison. Next came a
very wide neck collar which forced her to hold her head straight up to the sky
she had no movement to the side at all.

He pulled her legs wide apart and tied them to the base of the swing. She was in
a perilous position and struggled to keep her balance. Her tits were now treated
to the nipple clamps. He now decided her sister should get in on the act and
laid her do  between her sisters legs tying her hand wide to her sister ankles
he lifted her legs up and tied them spread wide to the top of the swing she had
her bottom upturned. He applied a crotch rope to Sue and tied that to the top of
the swing.

Sues nipple clamps were then attached to her sister's nipples by clamps forcing
her to bend over. He then invited people to whip or paddle there arses. Every
time they were whipped they pulled each others nipples and they jumped to get
out of the way.

Everyone seemed to enjoy the whole incident and we all decided to form our own
bondage club so we could have more sessions like we had today.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jan Wright


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





