BDSM Library - Denying Denise




Denying Denise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An older woman is injured in a car accident, and her niece comes over to 'assist' her.
Denying Denise Ch.1
by Couture
Couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c)2002 by Couture

"Denise, I'm leaving now," Tom told the jumbled mass of 
covers piled on the bed.  "I've left my number on the 
refrigerator door and I've left April the car keys and a 
list of instructions for your care."

Tom heard a muffled response from underneath the covers.  
He began to pull back the covers and unearthed a very 
unkempt face beneath.  

"I don't want you to go," Denise begged, as tears fell from 
her puffy eyes.  "Please, don't leave Tom.  You know how 
much I hate being dependent on someone and now you are 
leaving me in the hands of a virtual teenager.  Do you 
really think she can handle the responsibility?  Just say 
you got sick and couldn't go."

"Honey, we've been over this a thousand times.  I've 
already taken off two weeks and we can't afford a live in 
nurse.  Your niece is out of school for the summer and 
she's eighteen, so you are just going to have to make the 
best of it.  Look, I know it's been difficult for you since 
the accident, but there are a lot of people out there worse 
off than you are.  Once, your arms are healed you will be 
up and at 'em again.  You know, you need to get out of bed 
and try to keep active, so you won't be so out of shape 
later on," Tom said as he bent down and gave his wife a 
quick peck on the lips, "and reminding someone brush your 
teeth wouldn't kill you."

Tom stood back up and walked to the bedroom door, then 
looked back at his wife.  "Look, I'll be back before you 
know it, so you be nice to April, okay?"

"Okay," Denise pouted, "I'll miss you.  Hurry back."

After Tom left, Denise wallowed back in her covers.  She 
wasn't sleepy, she was just tired, so she lay there 
listening to April flipping back and forth between MTV and 
VH1.  Earlier, April came into the room and tried to get 
Denise to get out of bed and go for a ride, a bite to eat, 
or even to get some exercise, but Denise wouldn't budge.  

Finally, it seemed that April had given up on Denise and 
the older woman was happy she had exerted her control, even 
if it was making everyone else suffer with her.  

Then she caught a whiff of . . . 'Could it be?' she 
wondered.  'Yes, it is chocolate.'  Denise pondered whether 
or not she should try to get April to bring her some of 
whatever it was she was baking, but couldn't bring herself 
to ask.  As more time passed, she began to become angry, 
because if April was any kind of nurse at all, she would 
have brought some for Denise anyway.

After an hour passed, Denise's stomach growled.  She had 
passed from being angry to a state of helpless rage.  She 
tried to think of some way to throw a proper temper 
tantrum, but it was almost impossible to do so without the 
use of her arms.

Luckily, before she had to resort to such drastic measures, 
she felt the bed sag as her niece sat down beside her.  
"Are you under there Auntie?  I made some brownies, do you 
want some?" she asked.  

"Yes," Denise replied from under the covers.

"I don't think you are going to be able to eat them through 
the covers Auntie." 

Denise began to get angry again.  'What kind of nurse is 
this, to make me ask for every little thing,' she thought, 
but bit back her retort.  "I can't move my arms April, will 
you move the covers for me?"

Much to her dismay, April pulled the covers completely off 
the bed.  Denise felt the cool air on her exposed thighs, 
but without the use of her hands, she was unable to pull 
down her nightshirt.  'Well, at least she's a girl,' she 
thought. She looked up at her niece and was surprised to 
see a chocolate brownie descending toward her face.  She 
opened her mouth to ask to be set upright, but it was 
quickly filled with the brownie.  

"Mmmmphhh---wa-mmmppphh!" The older woman struggled to tell 
her niece to give her time to chew.  However, the young 
girl forced the brownie in, until the whole thing was in 
her aunt's bulging mouth.

Denise also discovered the brownie smelled much better than 
it actually tasted.  It was dry and very chewy making it 
difficult to swallow.  She was desperate for liquid, so 
that she could swallow the dry cake down.  Lying down flat 
on the bed, instead of being upright, made it even more 
difficult to eat. 

"Thirsty?" April asked sweetly.

Denise couldn't speak due to the mouthful of chewy brownie, 
so she nodded her head vigorously.  Then she noticed that 
April had a glass of milk over her face and had begun to 
pour.  Denise opened her mouth just in time to catch the 
liquid as it fell.  April continued slowly pouring until 
Denise's mouth was almost full of the white milk and 
brownie.  

Denise swallowed and some went down the wrong pipe.  She 
coughed and sputtered, "What are you trying to do? Kill 
me?"

"Sorry Auntie, I just did what you asked," April said 
sweetly.

"Just put the covers back on me and leave me alone," 
snapped Denise.

"Sure!" Denise put the sheets and covers back on the bed.  
However, Denise found the young girl once again went 
overboard.  April firmly tucked the covers in all the way 
around Denise and left the room again.  

The older woman just tried to put up with the efforts of 
her niece.  After all, she was trying so hard to please.

Just when it seemed like things couldn't get worse, Denise 
felt a rumbling in her gut.  'Oh no! Please don't!' she 
thought.  She tried to will away the discomfort in her gut, 
but as soon as the first cramp hit, she desperately needed 
to get out of bed.  To her dismay, she discovered she was 
trapped by the covers that were tucked in tightly on all 
sides.  

"April, April, please help!" she cried, struggling 
uselessly against the sheets, but, her niece had the door 
closed and the TV was blaring too damn loud to hear.

"April - PLEASE - I have to go to the bathroom.  It's an 
EMERGENCY!"

Just as Denise thought she was about to lose it, the door 
opened.  "I was just in here a minute ago.  What's so 
important?" April inquired impatiently.

"April, please help me out of the bed, I've got to go to 
the bathroom RIGHT NOW!"

April pulled the covers out and helped Denise stand up.  
Just as soon as Denise was on her feet, she ran to the 
bathroom and closed the door behind herself with her ass.  
She hurried to the toilet, went to pull down her panties, 
then remembered too late, that her both of her arms were in 
casts.  

'Oh no!' she thought helplessly, as she felt herself lose 
control.  Powerless to stop the cramps in her gut, she sat 
down on the toilet and cried as her panties began to fill 
with the warm contents of her bowels and bladder.  

Then just as mysteriously as the cramps began, they 
vanished.  Denise struggled to find some way out of her 
situation without her niece seeing her in such a 
humiliating manner.  However, this was soon remedied when 
April opened the door to the bathroom without knocking.

April's face wrinkled up in disgust, but her eyes were 
bright and mocking.  "Ewwww . . . you pooped your panties." 

"I-I was feeling sick and I couldn't pull my panties down," 
Denise struggled to explain.  "I-I didn't know what to do." 
The older woman blushed in shame as she looked down at her 
wet bulging panties and as tears ran down her eyes.

"Wait here Denise! You guys are definitely not paying me 
enough to deal with this shit!  If you know what I mean." 

Denise waited for her niece who finally returned carrying a 
large black garbage bag.  "Step in the bag, cuz I'm not 
touching that shit," April ordered.  

After Denise stepped into the bag, April pulled it up until 
it came up to her thighs.  "Not high enough Auntie, kneel 
down so I don't have to touch it."

Embarrassed beyond belief, Denise got down on her knees 
inside the garbage bag.  April felt the bulging seat of the 
panties through the plastic bag.  "Ewww, you are a nasty 
girl aren't you?" April commented, not sounding at all like 
an eighteen year old.

Denise felt very uncomfortable to be handled in such a 
disgusting manner.  Worse, she realized with horror, she 
was getting turned on.

"I asked you a question Denise.  Are you a nasty girl?"

Denise's lower lip trembled as she her face flushed red.  
With no way of caring for herself, she was forced to say 
the words that April wanted to hear, "Yes, I-I-I'm a nasty 
girl." 

April pulled the panties down Denise's legs, keeping 
everything in the plastic bag. Then she helped the older 
woman stand up, removed her nightshirt, leaving her naked 
and standing in the bag. "Step in the bathtub, Denise.  You 
don't expect me to touch that shit do you?"

Denise waited in the bathtub, mortally embarrassed by the 
revolting stains that coated her from her pelvis down to 
her feet.  April tied a knot in the top of the bag and 
threw it away.

April placed Denise on her knees in the tub, with her 
bottom facing the drain and her head resting on the back of 
the tub, supporting her upper body.  She took the shower 
wand and switched it to massage, turned on the water and 
blasted the frigid water in the crack of her Aunt's ass.  

"Aieee! It's too cold!" shouted Denise.  Chill bumps 
covered her body and her nipples hardened into painful 
knots.  April adjusted the water flow, causing her Aunt to 
scream again and try to move her tender places out from 
under the force of the steaming water.  "Oww-fuck-hot-hot!" 
she cried.

Much to Denise's relief, April was finally able to adjust 
the water to the proper temperature.  Denise automatically 
relaxed and enjoyed the effects of the soothing water, even 
forgetting momentarily about her earlier embarrassment.  
The water felt wonderful as its pulsing jets cleansed her 
then played sensually on her ass and pussy.  

'Ah, it's been too long since, I've had an orgasm.  I 
haven't been able to take care of that for three weeks.  
For three long weeks,' she thought.  Her legs spread to 
allow the vibrations to contact her swollen clit. Soon her 
hips humped involuntarily, while the older woman made soft 
mewling sounds.  In her state of rapture, she forgot all 
about the presence of her niece.

Just as the warm wave of pleasure began to sink into her 
body, there was a sharp slap on her ass, bringing her 
rudely back to reality.

"Nasty girl!  You are trying to get off, aren't you!" 
accused her niece. 

Denise quickly closed her thighs and slid her ass down to 
the bottom of the tub, to escape the pulsing water that 
surreptitiously had sought to bring her so close to orgasm.  
'Oh God, I can't believe I almost did that in front of my 
niece,' she thought in horror.  

"No, I just had a p-pain,' she said, trying to play off 
what had happened.  She nodded at the shower wand, "Do you 
have to use that so much?"

"Nah, I have to soap you up, anyway."  April once again 
positioned Denise on all fours . . .  well, threes really, 
since her head supported her upper body.  Next, she applied 
body wash and began to lather her Aunt's body.  

Denise had been given several sponge baths since the 
accident.  They were all more sensual than she would have 
liked to admit, but none of them prepared her for the all-
consuming sexuality with which her niece laved her body.  

The young girl kneaded, teased, massaged, and groped the 
older woman's body-her entire body.  

"Oh please, April, not so rough . . . oh . . . ah no 
April," she whimpered, while April massaged her freely 
hanging breasts and pinched her nipples.  "Mmmm - no, no, 
not there, not yet," she begged when April's small fingers, 
explored the budding petals of her Aunt's nether lips. 
However, though her weak protests begged no, the reactions 
of her body, screamed yes.  Soon, her body craved release 
and began to seek the teasing fingers, to achieve the 
orgasm that lay just out of reach.

"Ugh-Ugh-" the older woman groaned, her hips humping 
involuntarily.

"Nasty girl, you're trying it again, aren't you?" April 
scolded.

There was no way Denise could pretend she wasn't aroused, 
the signals were too obvious, even for an eighteen year old 
could see them.  "Oh God, I'm sorry, it has just been so 
long since I've ugh- you know," she sobbed in humiliation.

"Here, I'll do something else, while you cool down." April 
stood up and left her Aunt in the bathtub with her ass up 
thrust, while she fetched a bottle out of the cabinet.  
Then, she coated her Aunt's legs, underarms, and pubes with 
the white cream. 

"Wait, what are you doing?" asked Denise in alarm, when she 
recognized the familiar scent of hair remover.  

"You're hairy and it looks gross.  Besides, I'm doing it 
for hygiene reasons, since you seem to have *accidents*."
   
It was hard to argue against logic like that, so Denise 
held still and allowed the young girl to wipe away the 
sloughed off hairs.  Finally, April began to rinse the 
slightly stinging lotion off of Denise's body.  Once again, 
the pulsing jets of the shower wand drove Denise 
relentlessly toward the verge of an orgasm.  
 
At this point Denise didn't care that she was going to cum 
in front of her young niece.  It had been far too long and 
it felt much too good for her to control herself.  Besides, 
April already knew she was aroused.  She arched her back 
and spread her legs in the tub, so that the water could hit 
her clit and send her over the edge.  

However, every time it felt like she was about to go over 
the edge, April would move the pulsing jet of water.  

Humiliated, but too aroused to care, Denise searched out 
her liquid lover with her pussy.  But, each time as her 
body began to tremble; April would move the water before 
she could cum.  Soon, it became too much to be a 
coincidence, Denise realized that April was just toying 
with her and she couldn't do anything about it.  Worse, her 
body wouldn't obey and allow her to leave the situation 
with her remaining dignity intact.  Her body demanded an 
orgasm and her mind would just have to do what was 
necessary for it to be reached.

"Please," she begged.  There was no answer.  "Please, 
April."

"Please, what? Nasty girl!" April taunted.

"Let me ugh. . . cum.  Oh God April, I'm begging you."  

"Who's begging me?"

This was the very reason Denise didn't like the thought of 
losing control.  It was so very hard to get it back again.  
"The nasty girl," she answered meekly.  "The nasty girl 
wants to cum."

"No, uh-huh, I don't think so.  Not yet, anyway." April 
turned off the water and grinned at the spectacle her Aunt 
was making.  "You see, it looks like I've figured out 
something that nasty girl wants.  If I give it to her, she 
will just go wallow in the bed feeling sorry for her self.  
No, I think that will be your reward.  If you are a good 
girl, then you get a treat.  If you are a nasty girl, then 
you don't."

Here, let's wash that greasy hair now," April said, as she 
began to strip off her own clothes, exposing her lithe 
nubile young body to her Aunt.  

"Wait, what are you doing?" Denise recoiled, falling on her 
ass, as her niece stepped into the tub with her.  

"I'm washing your hair silly.  We can't let your casts get 
wet and I'm not going to get my clothes wet either."  
Denise tried to flee, but soon found her neck gripped 
firmly between the young girl's thighs, her face looking 
directly up into the downy blonde hairs of her sex.  The 
young teens pink nipples, stood out from her chest like 
small erasers, while she leaned forward to grab the shower 
wand.  This caused her Aunt's face to be pressed up firmly 
into April's very aroused sex.  

"Stop it, April, your crotch it in my face!" Denise tried 
to scream, yet her mouth was pressed too tightly into her 
niece's sex for her words to be heard.  Instead, she only 
succeeded in pleasuring the young girl with her mouth.  

"Ohhh, that feels naughty Auntie, I didn't know you liked 
girls!" April cooed, as she began to wet her Aunt's hair.  

"I'm not gay!  I'm only trying to tell you to let me go!" 
Denise cried, but once again she ended up rubbing her mouth 
against the wet folds of April's sex and mumbling 
incoherently.

"Just relax Auntie," April said, as she poured shampoo on 
Denise's light brown hair and began to later it up.  
However, in reality, while she massaged her Aunt's hair, 
she also rode the older woman's face with her sex. 

The eroticism of her predicament and her added frustration 
soon proved too much for the older woman.  Her mouth opened 
of its own volition, sticking out a pink tongue, and 
sampling the young beauty's honey.  Soon she was licking 
the pink petals of her nether lips.  

April shifted her Aunt's head, so that her mouth was level 
with her clit.  "Suck it!  Suck my clit dyke!" she ordered.

Denise looked at the tiny little nubbin sticking out from 
the peak of her niece's flower, stuck her tongue out 
timidly, and flicked it softly against the little pearl.  

"Ugh-suck it bitch! Suck it goddamnit!" April cried, 
forcing her Aunt's face deeper into her sex.  Denise's lips 
wrapped around her clit and sucked the tiny nubbin, causing 
her niece's hips to buck in pleasure.

"Oh God! Oh-oh-oh I'm cumming!" they young girl cried.  

Denise was still held fast between April's thighs, so she 
lightly licked her niece, while the young girl came down 
from her orgasm. Finally, April came to and rinsed the soap 
off her Aunt's hair.  

"You were great, Auntie.  What a wonderful pussy licker you 
make." 

April left her aunt kneeling dazed in the shower, as she 
dried off.  Then she began to dry off her Aunt's body.  
Denise stood there obediently, but her anger was rising 
quickly.  The little bitch had gotten off and left her 
horny and frustrated.

"Awww, are you mad?" April asked sweetly, as she dried 
Denise's hair.

Denise sulked for a moment and then the words spat from her 
mouth in a continuous flow of venom.  "You ungrateful 
bitch, I ate you for Christ sake.  I'm not even a lesbian 
and I fuckin' *ate* you and all you have to say is, oh 
Auntie, you were great!  God damn it, I don't want to be 
great, I want to cum.  You can't jus-"

Her diatribe was ended as soon as April drove her finger 
into Denise's slick puffy sex.  She kept it up until the 
older woman moaned helplessly, leaning her body on the 
young girl to keep from falling down.   

Denise could feel the orgasm rising again and she clung to 
it tightly.  'Oh yes, here it comes.  Give it to me,' she 
thought.
   
Yet, once again, the older woman was taken to the edge, 
until she hung by a thread above the great chasm below.  
Then at the last moment, the finger was removed, leaving 
her teetering on the brink, but not falling in.  

"Please-oh please have mercy on me April!" She was crying 
now - whining pitiably.

"We can do this all day Denise.  There is no one at all to 
interrupt us and there is no one who can help you with your 
*needs* . . . no one except me. The sooner you realize 
this, the easier it will go for you.  So, are you going to 
get control of yourself?"

Denise had always hated being dependent on someone else, 
and after the accident, she felt like a fish out of water.  
But, with the arrival of her niece, she felt like she died 
and woke up in hell.  Tears welled in her eyes, as she 
tried to forget about the aching need in her cunt.  "Yes 
April," she replied meekly.

"Pee-you, your breath stinks," April said as she held her 
nose in disgust.  "Let's get those teeth brushed."  April 
then picked up a toothbrush and put too much toothpaste on 
it and held it in front of Denise's mouth.  "Open wi-ide!"

Denise opened her mouth and April brushed her teeth from 
behind.  Denise could feel the younger girl's tuft of pubic 
hair rubbing against her ass.  It made her very conscious 
of the lack of her own.  As if this wasn't enough to 
humiliate the older woman, the foam from the toothpaste was 
dribbling from her mouth, running down to her breasts and 
belly, as if she were a rabid animal.  She closed her eyes 
in front of the bathroom mirror so she wouldn't have to 
look at herself anymore.  Soon the brushing was finished 
and she stood meekly while April's hands rubbed over her 
body, until she began to respond once again.  She didn't 
want to give her niece the satisfaction, but no matter how 
hard she tried, she couldn't seem to stop her body from 
seeking her touch.

"That's my good girl."  April held her aunt's chin up, so 
she was forced to look at herself in the mirror.  She was 
rewarded with her aunt's deep blush.  "Let's get something 
to eat, and if you behave, I will give you a chance to have 
a little cum, after we exercise," April wrapped a robe 
around her body, picked up the black plastic bag and walked 
off.

"Wait!" Denise shouted at the retreating girl. "What about 
me?  What do I wear?" she said, looking down at her 
nakedness.  'God, I look like a slut!" she thought, as she 
looked at her red puffy smooth-shaven slit.  

"Don't dawdle or no cummy-cum-cum," she heard the faint 
voice of her niece say.

'Oh God, I need it so bad,' Denise left the safety of the 
bathroom and went searching for her niece; her body 
jiggling and quivering with every step.

She found April in the kitchen pulling a plate out of the 
microwave.  Her niece took the plate to the table, walked 
behind Denise and said, "Here, let me help you down." 

"Bu-but", Denise tried to protest.  Soon she found herself 
being helped not into a seat, but into a kneeling position 
at the foot of the breakfast room table.  

Denise thought about her situation. She tried to figure 
some way out of her current predicament.  She could somehow 
call for help, and that would get April out of the house, 
but leave her no closer to an orgasm.  

As hard as she tried, there seemed only one solution that 
would allow her to get her niece to stop and be able to 
have the orgasm she craved:  She would have to go along 
with the awful girl and then tonight she would call her 
sister or her husband and tell them what was going on.  
Well, maybe not everything, but at least enough for someone 
to come and get April out of the house.  

April was oblivious to the struggle going on inside of her 
aunt's mind.  She calmly sat down in the chair and began to 
eat, totally ignoring the naked woman kneeling at her feet.

Denise felt her rage building again at this inconsiderate 
treatment.  So angry she risked the young girl's wrath.  
"Where's mine?" she asked.

"There is no *yours*, there is only *mine* from now on or 
at least the rest of this week.  You get what I give you," 
she said, rolling her eyes at the older woman.  She took a 
french fry off her plate at held it out to her kneeling 
Aunt.  "Don't worry, Auntie, I'm not going to let you 
starve."  

Denise blushed deeply.  She couldn't believe that her very 
own flesh and blood was feeding her scraps from her plate 
like a dog.  She was hungry and told herself to obey at 
least long enough to orgasm.  She leaned forward and tried 
to pull the fry out of the young girl's fingers.  To her 
dismay, April didn't let go and it broke off at the bottom.  
She ate the fry and looked up hopefully at April, who was 
busy ignoring her, eating from her plate with a fork.   

"When you finish it, I'll give you another," April said 
between mouthfuls.

Humiliated, Denise closed her mouth around the two fingers 
and sucked and prodded with her tongue, until the rest of 
the fry came free.  

Denise was forced to eat more in this same manner.  She 
began to grow thirsty.  She noticed her niece was drinking 
wine. "April, you're not old en-" she began to lecture, but 
then caught herself.  No, she would wait until after then 
tell her sister about April's misbehavior.  "I mean, I'm 
thirsty April, can I have something to drink?"

"Sure," responded April, took a swig of her wine, and 
leaned her full mouth over to her Aunt.

'Surely, she can't expect me to . . .' Denise thought with 
revulsion.  She shook her head and was relieved when April 
sat back up and swallowed the wine.  She became upset 
again, because she was still thirsty.  Very thirsty.

April showed the almost empty cup to her Aunt.  "Last 
chance and it may just be your last chance for something 
else as well," she said as she emptied the cup in her mouth 
and leaned over to Denise once again.  

Denise had never done anything remotely like this in her 
life, but she rationalized it wasn't much different than 
sharing someone's cup, although she wasn't much for doing 
that either.  She met her niece's mouth and their lips 
pressed together then parted.  Denise did her best to 
swallow without making a mess while April explored her 
mouth with her tongue.  

Denise felt the pleasurable buzz of arousal return and 
wondered why she was responding to this degrading 
treatment.  April stood up and fetched the bottle of wine 
from the refrigerator, leaving the older woman to ponder 
her mixed feelings.

When April sat back down, her robe hung open, exposing her 
small breasts and sex.  The young girl refilled her glass 
then got a spoonful of corn. "Corn?" she asked, holding the 
spoon out to Denise.  

Denise nodded her head and opened her mouth for the corn, 
but April didn't put the corn in Denise's mouth.  She 
placed it on her bare thigh.  

'Is there no end to this girl's perversions?' Denise 
wondered.  She knew she had already been much more intimate 
with her in the bathroom, so she resigned herself to the 
act and ate the corn from the girl's thigh.  She was 
acutely aware of the downy blonde pussy, just inches from 
her face.  She could smell the scent of arousal from the 
young girl's sex and closed her eyes, so she wouldn't have 
to face the truth of her actions.

"You dropped one," April said, pointing to a stray kernel 
of corn just under the inside of her thigh.

Denise stuck her head between April legs and tried to reach 
the corn without success.  "Please April, I can't reach 
it," she begged.

April parted her legs, smiling as she watched her Aunt fish 
the kernel out with her tongue.  Next, she cut a piece of 
Salisbury steak and held it between the parted lips of her 
labia, waited for her Aunt to eat it.

"I can't," whined Denise in hopelessness.  "I can't, I'd 
rather suffer instead," she cried helplessly, as her 
frustrations mounted.

"That can be arranged."

April put the food down and caressed the older woman's sex.  
Soon, her aunt's body trembled and shook with arousal.  
Then, April took the piece of steak and wiped it in and 
around the Denise's flowing cunt. Once again, she returned 
it to the parted lips of her sex.

"Please, this is torture!" Denise begged the horrible girl.  
She looked for sympathy in the young girl's eyes and found 
none.  April reached to torment her aunt's frustrated sex 
again.  

'Anything but that!' Denise thought.  She dove in to eat 
the morsel of food. 

With her stomach threatening to heave, Denise tried not to 
think about where the steak had been as she took a bite of 
it.  She couldn't help but taste the strong flavor of her 
sex.

April also made Denise work the remainder out from between 
her fingers with her tongue.  Denise tried not to touch the 
disgusting girl's sex with her tongue, but it was necessary 
in order to get at the small piece of steak.

April picked up another piece of steak and smeared the 
gravy on her pussy, then pushed it up her tight channel 
with an index finger.  "Mmmm-mmm good!" she laughed, 
pushing her pussy to the edge of the chair.

'What is she doing?  What is she turning me into?' Denise 
contemplated. It was obvious this went well beyond trying 
to get her out of bed and motivated, and into an area of 
sexual depravity and immorality.  

"Eat it bitch," April said, "Eat it or we'll keep this up 
all night and you'll have it for breakfast."  April grabbed 
her aunt painfully by the nose and pulled her within inches 
of her cunt.  

Having no choice in the matter, Denise stuck out her tongue 
to lick this awful girl's sex, but April's sex was out of 
the reach.  She didn't seem to be in any rush to be pleased 
by it.

"Nah, I don't think you want it."  April looked down 
superiorly at her aunt.  "I think you would rather me tease 
you all night and then let you eat it for breakfast."

"No, please April," begged Denise, her voice stupidly nasal 
due to the fingers pinching her nose.  "I-I want to eat 
it."

"You want to eat what, nasty girl?" April pulled up on her 
aunt's nose and forced the woman to look her in the eye.

"The steak.  I want to eat the food in your vagina, April," 
pleaded the crying older woman.

"It's called a cunt, and call me Miss April." Her niece's 
eyes flashed with anger.

With her body shaking with sobs, Denise begged. "Please, 
Miss April, I want to eat from your cunt.  Please, I'm 
begging you."

"Dinner is served slut," sneered April as she let go of her 
aunt's nose.  

Denise pressed her mouth to the young girl's pussy and 
stuck her tongue inside, searching for the steak buried 
within.  April, spread her legs widely and became 
enraptured in the feeling of her aunt's probing tongue.  
Soon, April could feel the steak moving inside her, as her 
Aunt sought it with her tongue.  The kneeling woman sucked 
and soon rewarded with the steak popping out in her mouth.  

Denise forced herself to swallow the morsel, without 
gagging.  

"You missed some," April said, pointing out the brown 
gravy.  Denise dutifully bathed the pink folds of flesh 
with her tongue.  Next, April grabbed a handful of food and 
to Denise's disgust, smeared and mashed the mess all over 
her sex.  Worse, she picked up several more pieces of steak 
and fries and forced them into her sex.

The young girl fucked herself with her finger.  Her sloppy 
sex, making squishing sounds as the food was driven deeply 
into her cunt.  She looked down at her handiwork and 
smiled.  "Ewww . . . that looks nasty, doesn't it?  It's 
perfect for a nasty girl like you." 

April pressed her slimy finger against her aunt's tightly 
clenched lips.  She pulled the older woman's hair back, 
until she relented and accepted the finger into her mouth.  
She moved it in and out the woman's lips fucking it with 
her digit.

"Mmmm . . . you've got me so fucking hot, Denise, I'm going 
to cum all over your face."  April removed her finger from 
her aunt's mouth.  She leaned forward, grabbed the older 
woman's inflamed bare sex and began to torment it once 
again.

"Nooo . . ." begged her aunt in anguish.  Try as she might, 
she couldn't stop her body from reacting to her domineering 
niece; her hips thrust, her hard nipples ached, and her 
sweaty body trembled under the young girl's touch.  

"I bet that food in my pussy is looking pretty good to you 
right now, isn't it, nasty girl?"  April removed her finger 
from Denise's sex and made her lick it clean.

"Mmmf -- Yesh, April," she gasped around the probing 
finger. 
 
April snatched out her finger and slapped her aunt's 
defenseless face - not hard enough to hurt, but enough to 
get her attention.  "That's Miss April to you bitch!  I was 
beginning to feel sorry for you, you piece of trash, but 
you just blew your chance to cum!"  

"No please," begged Denise.  Though her mind was still 
reeling from the slap, her body still craved something to 
satisfy her aching need.  "Please Miss April, I want to eat 
your pussy.  I *need* to eat it."

"Too late for that now bitch.  Call me Mistress and beg to 
eat all your meals from my cunt. Otherwise, I will keep you 
on edge until Tom comes home."

Denise struggled uselessly against the casts and slings 
binding both her arms.  She cried, she sobbed, she begged, 
but when she looked up there was no sympathy to be found in 
her niece's icy blue eyes.  Defeated, she hung her head 
down in shame and a pitiful whine escaped her throat.  "I'm 
begging you M-m-mistress, p-please let me eat . . . all my 
m-meals from your. . . cunt."

"Eat me you nasty bitch and you better make it convincing, 
if you want to cum tonight!" April demanded.  She leaned 
back and spread her legs obscenely.

Denise kissed the food covered lips of her young niece's 
sex.  She ran her tongue over the delicate pink folds of 
and looked up for approval.  April just yawned and looked 
at her disapprovingly.  "You're pathetic.  Let me know when 
you're ready to do it right!"  The young girl shoved her 
aunt's face away from her pussy dismissively.

The blood drained out of Denise's face, as she looked up at 
her niece in hopeless desperation.  She wanted to say that 
she hated doing it and she had never done such a thing 
before.  How could she be expected to do it right?  But the 
threat.  She needed to cum and she if she didn't have it 
soon, she would go mad.  Her eyes widened in alarm at the 
thought, and then she dove into the girl's food covered 
sex, hungrily licking and sucking every morsel and smidgeon 
of food from her niece's cunt.

"Oh fuck!  That's right, eat you cunt hungry dyke. You love 
it don't you?"

Denise didn't answer.  She was too busy with her task.  She 
wanted it over as soon as possible.

"I said don't you, you fucking slut?" April demanded.

Denise moaned loudly, nodding her head vigorously in the 
young girl's pussy.  She was afraid to move her mouth from 
her niece's pussy, lest she lose her chance to cum.  
"Lesh," she slurred, as she removed a few bits of corn from 
the teenager's light blonde pubes.   After the outside was 
thoroughly clean, she began to lick and suck at the girl's 
narrow opening.

As the food that was packed up inside April's cunt began to 
slide out, she began to feel the familiar sensation of 
pleasure begin to build up around it.  "Oh God, you are 
going to make me cum, you little pussy licker.  Ah . . . ah 
. . . fuck it!  Suck it!  Eat it you hungry whore!  Oh, 
here it cums ... ugh cumming again ah - ah - ohhhhhhh."  
April cried.  Her body was wracked by spasms of pleasure.

Poor Denise's mouth was full of the food that had been 
packed into the young girl's sex and the copious nectar 
from her orgasm.  She was appalled by the sickening mixture 
in her mouth, but she took a deep breath and obediently 
swallowed it all.  She tried to think of sundaes and 
cookies to quell the uneasiness in her stomach.  Worse, 
April lay languidly in the chair in a state of post-coital 
bliss, while poor Denise was frustrated beyond belief, 
kneeling down on her aching knees.

"Say thank you Mistress, for allowing me to pleasure you," 
April said, stroking her aunt's hair.

'Isn't it enough that you molest and abuse me?  Must you 
humiliate me more, by making me beg and thank you for it?' 
wondered Denise.  But, she didn't dare say those words and 
risk angering this girl who held so much power over her.  
She looked down submissively and whispered, "Thank you 
Mistress, for allowing me to pleasure you."

"Very good Denise.  Ya know, I don't think I like your name 
very much.  It doesn't suit you.  I think I'm going to call 
you Nasty - no, make that Neesie . . .my Neesie girl."

Denise blushed at her new name.  She was the adult here and 
here she was . . . being called Neesie, by her niece.  

"Spread those knees apart Neesie, let me get a good look at 
your cum hungry cunt," April ordered.

The older woman obediently spread her legs for the young 
girl.  "Wider.  Wider," April encouraged, until her aunt's 
knees were over a shoulder's width apart.  Then the 
teenager wiggled her index finger, just out of reach of her 
aunt's clit.  

Desperate for stimulation, Denise moved her hips forward, 
until her mound of venus bulged from the front of her body.  

April didn't even give the older woman the pleasure of 
touching her clit.  It was too bad, because just one 
feather-like touch on that tiny organ would have been 
enough to grant Denise release from her torment. 

"Stay right there, while I go get changed for exercise.  
And don't you dare move Neesie or you will never forget 
your punishment," April ordered.  

Denise found herself watching the cheeks of her niece's ass 
flash from the bottom of her short robe, as the young girl 
walked out of the room.  The sight made her pussy throb 
with arousal.  'God, what is happening to me," Denise 
wondered with hopeless desperation.  'I'm not gay.  I'm not  
. . .'

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to 
the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all 
rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.




Denying Denise Ch.2
by Couture
Couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c)2002 by Couture


While April was gone, Denise's body had begun to ache 
from her uncomfortable position.  At first, it was 
only the aching in her knees, but now the stretched 
feeling settled into the stiff joints of her ankles 
and hips as well. She knew she dare not move her legs 
in, for fear of her niece's punishment.  

'Oh God, why am I worried about her?' she thought.  
With her thighs and hip joints burning, she rolled her 
womanly hips down and back, to relieve the pain.  
However, this just only served to ease her discomfort 
slightly.  Soon, this position started to hurt as 
well, only in slightly different places.  Denise 
decided that if neither position was going to be 
comfortable, she would assume the one April originally 
put her in.  It was like this, with her knees spread 
wide, pubic mound thrust out indecently, and her face 
wincing from concentration and pain that April found 
her Aunt in when she returned.

"Ahem," April cleared her throat, startling the older 
woman from her trance. "So what do you think Neesie?  
Am I sexy?" she asked, pushing the thin fabric of her 
leotards into the valley of her sex.  

"Yes, Ap-I mean M-mistress, you ah-are very s-sexy," 
said the older woman.  She looked up expectantly, 
silently begging the young girl to let her out of her 
humiliating position.

"And would you just look what I found in your 
bedroom," April said as she brought her other hand out 
from behind her back. In it, she held her aunt's 
marital aid . . . better known as a vibrator.  

'Oh God, she's been poking through my damned stuff!' 
Denise cursed silently, a deep crimson blush of 
embarrassment flushing from her face to her large 
breasts.

"I believe Neesie has been a very nasty little girl, 
hasn't she?" April asked, grinning at her aunt's 
embarrassment.

"Yes, Mistress," Denise answered in shame.  It was now 
very easy to think of the young girl as her Mistress.  
In just hours she had been so thoroughly subjugated 
and humiliated by her niece, Denise would always be 
more than a little afraid of her young Mistress.

"Okay Neesie, let's get started.  Come here and lie 
down on the floor," April commanded.  

Denise was placed on her side, on the living room 
floor.  April guided the older woman's leg forward and 
then up, then down and back up and a backward motion.  

"Keep doing that until I tell you to stop," April 
said.  She turned on the vibrator and began to use it 
to subtly train her aunt.  A light touch underneath a 
limb would cause her aunt to follow the gentle 
pressure exerted by her niece.  Denise would be 
expected to hold the position as long as possible.  
Her reward was the vibrator gently massaging her 
erogenous zones, while she endured the burning muscles 
and aching joints. Then, the vibe would be moved to 
coerce the older woman into the next humiliating 
position.

Soon the vibrator was discarded and the pace of the 
exercise became more intense.  Not a word of 
instruction was spoken.  A tug of the nipple, a slap 
of the bottom, a grasp of the thigh, directed the 
older woman to obey.  Denise's body trembled and 
strained as she was put through her paces by her young 
niece.  She kept up the rigorous workout for as long 
as she could, but eventually the strain grew too much 
and she collapsed from exhaustion.

April smacked her aunt's slightly rippled ass and 
heaving breasts to try to get the older woman to 
finish exercising.  But try as she might, the poor 
woman was so exhausted; she wouldn't even move to 
escape the stinging slaps.  

"Well, as long as you are laying there, might as well 
make yourself useful," April said, slipping out of her 
leotard.  She mounted her aunt in a sixty-nine 
position, except she remained on her hands and knees, 
so that her sex was about a foot away from her aunt.  

"Come on Neesie, give me one more and you will get 
your reward," April encouraged her aunt as she wiggled 
her hips enticingly. 

Denise looked up and was humbled by the young girl's 
aroused sex.  She was in awe of her young niece's 
stamina and her firm youthful body. Denise crunched 
her upper body off the floor and explored the petals 
of April's nether lips with her tongue. 

"I can't hear you slut.  I want to hear some nasty 
noises out of you down there!  Talk dirty to me bitch, 
tell me what a dirty slut you are for eating your 
niece's cunt," ordered the young girl.

Denise thought she was making enough noise before, as 
she grunted and groaned from the strain of holding her 
upper body up using only the muscles in her stomach.  
She slurped and smacked with abandon - anything to 
please her young niece, so that she could be granted 
release from the frustrating teasing.  "I'm a slut.  
I'm a dirty rotten slut for eating my niece's cunt," 
the older woman groaned.  She could picture herself 
there laying on her back, eating her niece like a 
common whore . . . worse than a common whore - a slut 
. . . a lesbian slave slut.

"Make me cum slut!" April demanded, but Denise's 
stomach muscles couldn't stand the strain of bending 
forward in her crunched position.  She fell back 
exhausted.

"I can't.  I'm sorry," she sobbed.

"Eat me slut or so help me, you will never cum again!"

Denise's stomach trembled and burned as she lifted 
herself up one more time and attacked her niece's clit 
with her lips and tongue.  'Please cum April," she 
begged silently.

"Oh that's it you cunt licker!  That's the fucking 
spot!" cried April.  She lowered herself on her aunt's 
face and began to roughly hump the older woman as she 
pussy began to spasm in orgasm. "Oh fuck!  Fuck-in-a 
that's the spot." 

With her lungs burning, Denise tried to endure the 
inhumane treatment as best she could.  She hoped her 
niece had more regard for her well-being than to use 
her face as some sort of dildo, but hopefully the 
young girl was just so caught up in the moment of 
passion that she forgot for an instant her aunt needed 
to breath.  

As April's climax cooled, she slowed her use of 
Denise's face underneath her.  She even lifted up 
slightly and grinned with satisfaction when she heard 
the older woman gasping to catch her breath.  The 
young girl couldn't believe that she had just 
experienced yet another mind-blowing orgasm and even 
after that, she was still hot!  Having control of the 
older, prissy, and mature relative set her blood to 
boil with ecstasy and she was damn sure not going to 
give it up.  She glanced down at the exhausted older 
woman and asked, "I believe I promised you a chance to 
have a cummy-cum, didn't I Nessie?" 

Denise's eyes opened suddenly and she strained to sit 
up with a renewed vigor, brought on by the promise of 
a much needed release.

"No-no, you stay right where you are.  I'll be right 
back." April said, as she left the room.  

When she returned she carried a video camera and she 
filmed her aunt lying on the floor, opening and 
closing her legs, relishing in the feel of her pussy 
lips opening and closing.

Denise heard a giggle and was stunned to see her niece 
filming her, as she tried to stimulate herself without 
her hands.  "No, please, no cameras!" she cried as she 
tried to turn her face out of view.

"Oh no you don't bitch," said April, as she grinned 
smugly.  "The camera stays on and I'm only going to 
give you ten minutes to get off." 

"Oh, and you have to do your nasty business on my 
foot," she added as an afterthought.

Denise had finally had enough.  She refused to go 
along any further.  It was bad enough, when it was 
just the two of them, but it became intolerable with 
the addition of the camera.  "No, I won't do it!  
Goddamn it, April, I refuse you little bitch!" she 
yelled.

"Suit yourself . . . and by the way Neesie, you just 
lost five minutes for failing to call me my proper 
name!"

Denise could feel herself beginning to hate her niece. 
The girl had promised her an orgasm and now she was 
attaching all these humiliating conditions to the 
bargain.  Unfortunately, with her arms uselessly 
trapped in casts and bound to her torso, Denise was 
helpless to do anything about it. She could feel the 
aching need in her cunt welling up.  It was enough to 
drive her crazy . . . insane enough to do what the 
young girl asked.

"Please, just put the camera up and I'll do it," 
Denise begged, tears welling in her eyes.

"Uh-uh," April said licking her lips in anticipation 
of victory.

Denise rolled over and tried to reason with her niece.  
"At least, let me have the ten minutes back.  Please?"

April grinned.  Her aunt was as much as admitting 
defeat.  The young girl leaned back in the chair and 
stuck her foot out, wiggling her long skinny toes and 
teasing her aunt.  "You better get busy; you only have 
four minutes and thirty seconds now."

Tears fell freely from Denise's eyes, as she ambled up 
on her uncooperative limbs.  She had no choice; her 
body required her to at least try. But to her dismay, 
as she tried to mount her niece's foot, the young girl 
pulled it away.  

"Please," the frustrated woman begged.

"Please, what?" asked the grinning girl, all the while 
videotaping the humiliating debasement of her aunt.

"Please, Mistress, hold your foot still," Denise 
pleaded, while trying to look away from the camera.

"Tell the camera why Nessie.  Tell it what you want . 
. . what you need," April teased, while running her 
painted toenails up and down the older woman's thighs.

"Please let me fuck your foot Mistress!  I need it, I 
need to cum!"

"I don't know Neesie, you might get your nasty fuck 
juices on my pretty foot.  Promise to clean it, win or 
lose."

"I promise Mistress.  I swear I'll clean it.  Just let 
me cum.  Please?"

April held her foot still and her aunt mounted her 
ankle like a saddle.  The older woman moaned in 
pleasure and her hips pumped involuntarily.

To Denise's horror, April was videotaping the whole 
humiliating experience, even going as far as taking 
close-ups of her face and sex, while she humped. 

April said, "That's it slut.  Work those fat hips for 
me.  Faster slut.  Lick those lips whore and tell me 
you love my foot."

Denise found herself obeying.  The camera served to 
make her even hotter.  


"I love it.  I love your foot," she moaned.  

 To make matters worse, Denise noticed that April's 
foot was going lower and lower, causing her to squat 
in an uncomfortable position as she sought release.  
Soon, her thighs felt like they were on fire from the 
strain and she was sure she was looking even more 
stupid as she squatted lower and lower, pumping her 
flabby hips.

With the camera held up to her eye, April laughed at 
her aunt's pitiful efforts.  "I wonder what Tom would 
say if he could see you now Neesie?  Oh, that's right, 
we can always show him the tape, can't we?"

Denise pictured what would happen to her if the tape 
got out.  Her husband would kick her out of the house 
and divorce her.  Her family and friends would no 
longer talk to her.  She knew she should stop, but her 
hips refused to obey.  Giving up on stopping, she was 
determined to get it over with.  Her hips worked 
faster faster, but in a much more abbreviated motion, 
like a jackrabbit humping.  

"10-9-8-7-6" April counted down the remaining seconds 
and Denise groaned in frustration.  Her legs were 
cramping and she threw modesty in the wind, as she 
humped the foot with abandon, her body jiggling with 
her effort.  However, the much needed climax remained 
just out of reach and the older woman's legs gave out 
even before the April called out, "Times up!"

Defeated, Denise lay crying in torment on the floor 
from the pain in her cramping legs and her unfulfilled 
desire.  She opened her eyes only to find April's wet 
coated foot in front of her face.  She didn't need to 
be told what to do next.  Automatically, her 
glistening pink tongue sought out the remnants of her 
nectar from her niece's foot.

"That's good Neesie, suck my toes now.  That's my 
girl; suck them like you suck a cock.  Hmmm, I wonder 
what Tom would think about you sucking someone else's 
cock?  Does Tommy know you are a little cocksucker?"

Denise cringed at the thought of her husband.  What 
would he think of any of this?  What would he do if he 
knew his wife was a slut . . .an incestuous lesbian 
slave to her niece.  She tried to put him out of her 
mind, and concentrated on the feel of the calluses on 
April's big toe, as she bobbed her head up and down on 
the stubby digit.

********************

Later that night, April finished securing each of 
Denise's ankles to the bedposts.  The bonds were not 
too tight, but they prevented her from trying to 
pleasure her self.  Then she stripped off her clothes 
and snuggled up next bound woman.  "Sleep tight 
Neesie," she said as she snuck her hand between her 
aunt's legs to make sure her slave was still aroused.

"Please . . ." Denise pleaded.

"Please what Pet?"

"I need to cum Mistress - have mercy." Denise thrust 
her sex up to meet April's soft fingers.

To the older woman's disappointment, the fingers were 
withdrawn and held up to her mouth.  Denise dutifully 
cleaned the glistening proffered fingers like a good 
little sub.  Next, April lowered her mouth to her 
aunt's and kissed her deeply.  Denise found herself 
first accepting the kiss and then returning it 
fervently with mounting passion.  

'What is happening to me?  This is a girl -*my 
niece*,' she reminded herself. 'Oh God, why do I want 
her?'  

Denise was lost in the moment.  Lost in the sensation 
of her niece's tongue exploring her mouth; praying 
that it would move down to her aching sex.

April pulled her mouth away from her aunt's.  Denise 
tried to capture the young girl's mouth with her own, 
but the young girl put a finger to Denise's pouting 
lips.  

"Shhhh," she said, laying down and pressing her body 
tightly against Denise's and lightly brushing her 
fingers over her helpless body.  "There you go, just 
relax Neesie.  Let it all go my pet . . ."

Denise found her body relaxing under April loving 
touch.  Soon, she was fast asleep.  However, she was 
woken up many times that night.  Sometimes it would be 
to fingers in her sex and bringing her to the brink 
before once again massaging her body until she relaxed 
enough to fall asleep.  Other times, she awoke gasping 
for breath, only to find April riding her face to 
orgasm.  It always seemed as if the precocious girl 
wouldn't rise up enough to let her breathe, until she 
felt a tongue buried in her slit.  

Once during the night, Denise accidentally stuck her 
tongue in the wrong hole.  She immediately withdrew it 
when she noticed the difference.

"Ugh!  Put it back bitch.  Stick your tongue in it, 
you ass licking whore!"  April shouted.

Poor Denise was too tired to fight and had long since 
submitted in both her body and her mind to her niece.  
She licked the young girl's ass, even though she 
thought she would gag.  When it was over, Denise 
rolled off her.  Denise could hear her niece snoring 
beside her.  She ran her tongue over her lips and she 
could still taste the pungent flavor of her niece's 
ass.  

'God, what is happening to me?" she wondered, as she 
caught herself, tasting its flavor again.  She made up 
her mind to call someone and escape before she was too 
far gone.

********************

In the morning, April jumped out of the bed and 
stretched her nude body, tantalizing her aunt.  "God, 
I feel like a new woman!" she said, as her eyes blazed 
with power.  She undid the binding on her aunt's 
ankles and helped her out of the bed, massaging her 
aching limbs.

The pitiable older woman felt utterly beaten and 
powerless from the prior treatment by her young niece.  

April opened up the lingerie chest and asked Denise, 
"Do you want a pair of panties on?"

Denise looked down at her swollen and aroused sex.  
"Yes, Apr- I mean Mistress."

"In you go Pet." 

April watched as Denise stepped into the panties and 
they were pulled up snuggly to her crotch.  Then she 
led her to the bathroom.

"Kneel down here Neesie," April said, directing her 
aunt in front of the toilet bowl.  The young girl sat 
down immodestly and began to pee in the toilet right 
in front of her aunt's face.  Denise blushed being so 
close to this very disturbing and personal bodily 
function.

"You know what I want you to do," commanded April, 
spreading her legs widely.

Denise's blush deepened.  'No, she can't possible mean 
it!' she thought in horror.

However, April did mean it.  "Do it or no cummie-
cumm."  She could still see the hesitation on her 
aunt's face.  "No time limit this time.  I promise."

"This isn't right April," said Denise.  She was the 
adult again, if only momentarily.  The ache grew in 
her cunt and she began to rationalize.

'Well, I already did worse last night.  Much worse,' 
rationalized the kneeling woman.  Hesitantly, she 
leaned forward and lapped the droplets of golden dew 
from the curly hairs of her niece's sex.

After she was done, April was kind enough to brush her 
teeth and then Denise's.  

Denise's bladder felt like it was about to burst.  It 
was even worse after listening to April pee and the 
water run.  "Mistress, I've got to go," she begged.

"Okay Neesie, I'll be right back." To Denise's horror, 
when April returned she was carrying the now dreaded 
video camera.  She helped her aunt sit down on the 
toilet, but failed to remove her panties.

"Please, Mistress you forgot my panties," Denise 
begged, while April turned the faucet on to a trickle.

"Now, spread your legs for me Neesie," commanded 
April.

Reluctantly, her aunt's legs widened, displaying the 
damp crotch of her panties.

'Oh God . . ." Denise moaned as her cheeks blushed in 
shame and her brow knitted with anguish.  The darkened 
spot grew bigger and then began to drip.  Her mouth 
opened as she relaxed her bladder, the golden water 
gushing from the crotch of her panties as April caught 
her humiliation on tape.

"Ewww, nasty girl, you made a mess on yourself again.  
Time to clean you up."  April led the older woman to 
the shower and stripped her of the soiled panties.  
Using the back-scrubber and the pulsing jet of water, 
she soon had her aunt moaning loudly and begging for 
mercy from her constant teasing.

"I'll stop teasing if you pose for me," April said.

"Please, I'll do anything . . ." Denise begged.

"I know you will.  Now, hold still while I get those 
nipples nice and hard."  April reached down and cut 
the hot water off, then proceeded to spray the 
freezing cold water on her aunt's helpless body.  
Soon, chill bumps covered the poor woman's body and 
her large thick nipples contracted into tight 
elongated nubs.

"Perfect."  The young girl turned off the water then 
filmed her naked aunt.  

"Stop, hunching and straighten your back.  That's my 
girl. Smile pretty now."  When Denise refused to look 
at the camera and smile, April tweaked her already 
aching nipple harshly.  "Again.  Oh yeah, that's 
gorgeous.  Lick your lips for me, beautiful. Great!  
You should see your nips and twat, they look so 
aroused, I could cum from just looking at you.  Come 
on, spread those fuckable legs for me slut. . ."

Denise knew she should hate what was happening to her, 
but she found herself growing aroused displaying her 
body before her niece in this manner, even with the 
knowledge that it was captured on tape forever. Soon, 
she was posing for the young girl as if it were the 
most natural thing in the world. 

"Goddamn, you are hot for an old woman!" beamed April, 
as she watched her aunt, tits mashed against the cold 
tile wall, humping her hips back, begging her niece 
for relief with her newly shaved gaping cunt spread 
wide for the camera.  To cap it off the older woman 
moaned, her mouth opened and her tongue escaped pink 
lips to lick the dirty tile wall without even being 
asked.

April said, "I see you.  You wish you were licking my 
cunt don't you?  Go on.  Show me what you'd like to do 
to me."

Denise couldn't help herself.  She moaned at her 
depravity and proceeded to lick the grimy wall as if 
it were her lover.  Tonguing and sucking it, all while 
she was being filmed by her niece.

"That's enough.  We better stop and eat breakfast 
before I jump in the shower and rape you right now."

Yesterday, Denise would have been frightened by the�
thought, but today she yearned for her niece to rape 
her - to ravage her pussy.  Anything.  Just as long as 
she would be allowed to cum.  Reluctantly, she got out 
of the shower and was led to the kitchen.

Once there, April fixed a bowl of cereal and took a 
banana from atop the refrigerator, before returning to 
the living room.  She turned the television, her moist 
pussy displayed between her widely spread legs.  "Come 
here Neesie.  Yes, that's right, I want you between my 
legs."

Denise nuzzled her head between her niece's thighs and 
reverently kissed the petals of the young girl's sex.

"Did I ask you to lick me?" April demanded.

Confused and looking slightly dazed, Denise shook her 
head.  "No," she murmured.

"I didn't think so.  When I want my dim-witted Neesie 
to do something, I'll tell her.  Is that clear?" 

"Yes," Denise weakly replied.

"Good."  April sat the cereal bowl on top of her 
aunt's back and proceeded to eat breakfast.

Denise felt like crying.  She couldn't believe her 
niece had reduced her to a mere TV tray.  The older 
woman tried to keep perfectly still, even when her 
niece dribbled milk on her back and hair.  But, the 
worst thing had to be the moist aroused pussy inches 
from her face.  Only yesterday, she would have been 
horrified at the thought, but today for some reason, 
she felt the urge lick it, and the thought horrified 
her.

When April finished she placed the remainder of the 
bowl beneath her wet sex.  "Lick it clean," she 
ordered.  

Denise lapped the milk from the bowl, while staring 
fixedly at her niece's sex.  April looked on 
approvingly, and peeled the banana, breaking it into 
three parts.

"I hope you know how much I enjoy feeding you, 
Neesie," April said, as she inserted the banana into 
her tight pussy.

'Might as well get this over with,' thought the older 
woman.  Denise buried her face into her niece's cunt, 
sucking the opening with her mouth.

"Uh-huh, not like that pet.  Where's your manners?"  
April pushed her aunt's puzzled face away from her 
matted sex, before releasing her. "Make love to it. 
Coax my pussy into feeding you." 

Denise couldn't believe her ears; it wasn't bad enough 
her niece was making her do this, to eat from her 
cunt, but now the bitch wanted her to pretend to enjoy 
it.

"Do it!" 

Denise lowered her head back down to the young girl's 
soaked flower and traced her tongue along the puffy 
lips.  She lightly kissed the girl's swollen clit and 
was rewarded with a long drawn out moan.

"Look at my pussy Neesie.  See, it's rewarding you." 
April's brow wrinkled in concentration and a tiny bit 
of the white fruit peeked from her nether lips.  "Go 
on, don't be afraid.  Take a tiny bite - but, don't be 
greedy.  

Denise took a small bite from the white fruit.  She 
swallowed it and looked up for her niece's approval.  

"That's a girl, now, push it back in with your tongue 
and start again."

The older woman formed her tongue into a point and 
pressed the fruit home until it disappeared into the 
glistening pink folds of April's sex.  Then she began 
to lick her niece's sex again.

"Mmmmm - goddamn - oh fuck!" moaned April, as her aunt 
forced the banana back inside with her tongue.

Denise couldn't believe she was doing this.  She felt 
helpless enough before, but now it seemed she didn't 
even have control of eating.  She had to rely on the 
whim of April - no, not even April, but her cunt for 
her nourishment.

She kept this up for quite some time, with April 
urging her to take smaller and smaller nibbles each 
time, until Denise felt she would be eating her 
breakfast for hours.  However, just when she had given 
up on quelling her hunger, her niece grew more 
demanding.  

The young girl's body was drenched in sweat, as her 
body quivered from the effects of her aunt's tongue 
and to Denise's dismay, while it tasted fresh; it no 
longer smelled fresh.  April spread her legs widely, 
straining her lean taunt muscles.  

"Eat it!  Eat you hungry cunt licking bitch.  Oh God, 
I wish Tom could see his pretty little wifie now.  Ugh 
. . .you're my wifie now, aren't you cunt slut?  Fuck 
- fuck -fuck you're gonna make your husband cum little 
wifie.  Oh-oh-here-it-cums-" The eighteen-year-old's 
hips began to thrust, and her body quaked from the 
effects of a powerful orgasm.  

She pushed her aunt's face to the mouth of her pussy.  
"Suck it!  Suck it!" she screamed.

Denise sucked and licked frantically at her niece's 
cunt, struggling to keep up with banana and cunt juice 
that was expelled from the young girl's quivering sex.  

Denise lovingly explored April's pussy with her tongue 
while the girl came down from her orgasm.  Then April 
reached down and captured her aunt's head between her 
hands and looked deeply in her eyes.  "Goddamn you're 
awesome," she said and kissed the sticky coated lips 
of the disheveled woman.

"please . . ." Denise weakly moaned when April broke 
the kiss.

"Please, what?" asked the young girl innocently.

"cum . . . I need to cum . . ." begged her aunt.

"Shhh, don't worry, I'm going to take care good of 
you, little wifie."  April's hands roamed over her 
aunt's unresisting body.  Reaching underneath her 
restrained arms, she took out her large breasts and 
laid them on top of her cast covered arms.

Then April parted her lips just inches above the rosy 
areole, teasing her aunt.  Denise couldn't believe she 
was doing it, but she lifted her breast up to her 
niece's mouth.  It felt better than she imagined it 
would.  However, much too soon the young girl pulled 
her lips away and then moved them further away than 
the first time.  

Smiling, April watched the kneeling woman struggle to 
bring the nipple to her lips.  This time, instead of 
kissing the breast, April lightly bit down on the hard 
little nib and pulled the breast upwards.  Then she 
released it and watched gleefully as the breast 
bounced down and jiggled, before coming to rest.  
Denise gasped from the both the pleasure and the pain.

"Don't move a muscle," Denise warned.  Then set about 
tormenting her aunt's breasts in earnest.

She began to lightly flick her fingernail across the 
nipple drawing out a moan from her aunt. "You love 
this don't you, my sweet little dyke."

When Denise didn't answer, April grasped the pink 
nipples between finger and thumb then pulled out and 
twisted.  "Don't you?" she demanded.

"Ahhh-yes-yes-ugh-I love it."

April began to caress the sore nipples again.  "What 
are you?" she whispered.

"I-I-I'm a s-slut?" 

 April slapped the large orb, causing it to 
quiver.  The red marks of her fingers developed on the 
formerly white skin.  "What are you?" April demanded.

"A slut." 

 "What are you?"

"A slut.  A dirty slut.  Ow!  A horny woman!"  
Denise's eyes danced around in anguish.  More red 
handprints joined the first.

"What are you?"

Tears were streaming from Denise's eyes.  "A whore!  A 
cum slut!" she cried, but she knew there was a place 
she was afraid to go, but there was no hope for it.  
Sobbing she blurted it out.  "A dyke.  A dyke in love 
with her niece."  Broken and defeated the older woman 
sobbed with her eyes closed.  She was afraid of what 
April would think of her, now that she had admitted 
her weakness.

"There-there, I know it hurts.  The truth always 
hurts, but it's always good to get it out, isn't it?" 
April said, kissing the breast once again before 
lifting her aunt's chin and kissing her on the lips.

Denise opened her eyes and sniffed.  "Yes," she meekly 
replied.

April stood up.  "Here, I think you deserve a reward 
for being so honest."  The young girl helped her aunt 
turn around and then lowered her upper body to the 
floor, with her ass sticking in the air, before 
returning to her seat.

Lifting her foot up, she traced the older woman's sex 
with her big toe.  

Denise moaned and shifted back to impale herself on 
the small digit.  However, April removed it, before 
admonishing, "No Neesie.  Never forget that I'm in 
charge.  You may open yourself and moan, but that's 
all."

Denise whined in frustration.  She needed it and the 
thought horrified her.  She knew she must resist these 
perverted impulses rushing through her mind.  'I love 
my husband.  I love my husband.  He treats me nice,' 
she repeated in her mind.  She tried to fight against 
these new emotions, but soon opened her legs wide to 
signal her intentions and become a willing sexual toy 
for her niece.

April slid her toe down the entrance of her aunt's 
cunt.  "That's good pet, just relax."  She inserted 
her toe easily into the slick depths of her aunt's 
sex.  She was impressed with her aunt's obedience, but 
something was still lacking.  "It doesn't sound like 
you want this Neesie."

Denise moaned loudly, grunting and groaning like a 
common slut. Somewhere it the back of her mind, she 
knew she was acting like a depraved slut, but the 
thought was soon blown away like fall leaves by the 
strong winds of her needs.

"See? It feels good doesn't it, little dykie?  Mmmmm, 
you don't even want a cum right now, do you?"

"Ugh-yes I do.  P-please . . . please let me cum," 
Denise moaned.

"Wrong answer little dyke.  Little niece lover."  
April abruptly withdrew her toe.  "and you were doing 
so well there for a moment.  The correct answer is 
only if Mistress wants you to cum."

April slid her toe up and down the wet lips of her 
aunt's sex teasing her, before slipping it in.  This 
time Denise wailed so loudly that April was afraid the 
neighbors might hear.  She fucked her aunt gently with 
her foot, until several toes were smacking wetly in 
her slick passage.  "Does the little dykie want a 
cummie-cum?" April asked.

"Ah-ah-only if ah Mistress wants me to," Denise said, 
all the while praying her niece would continue.

"Well I don't.  Not yet anyway.  We need to do some 
shopping first."  April eased her toes out.  She felt 
her own sex juice up as she looked at her aunt's 
gaping wet hole.  The poor tormented woman was 
shuddering helplessly with her desire.

April knelt next to her aunt and massaged her tight 
shoulders.  "There-there, let it all go my pet.  
You're pleasing your Mistress very much, you know that 
don't you?  Doesn't it feel wonderful to please me?"

Denise spread her legs and thrust her ass up in order 
to make her self available for her niece.  She had 
never felt so alive before . . . so desperate and in 
need.  Slowly, the aching need mellowed as the massage 
went on until it became bearable. Then the young girl 
helped her to her feet.

"Come on pet.  Now, let's get you dressed and then we 
will go out."

"Out?" Denise murmured in dazed disbelief and then 
thought: 'Oh dear Lord!' 

***********************




Denying Denise Ch.3
by Couture
Couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c)2002 by Couture


***********************

Denise wondered at how she had got into this position.  
April had driven her to the sex shop and helped her 
out of the car.  "Here's a list of things to buy." 
April pressed a piece of paper and a credit card 
beneath the older woman's bra and then patted her 
possessively on the ass.  Then, to Denise's horror, 
she got back in the car and locked the door.

"Go ahead Neesie, I'll wait for you in the car," she 
said. 

"Please, April.  I can't." Denise begged.  "Not by 
myself."

"You better hurry up Neesie.  You're giving everyone a 
show in this wind."

'Oh God,' thought the older woman.  She could feel the 
cold air on her sex.  The worse part was she had been 
asked if she wanted to wear panties this morning and 
refused them.  The memory of peeing in the last pair 
was still fresh in her mind at the time.  

She was terrified of going in the store dressed as she 
was in the April's too small skirt and the thin 
blouse, but if she stayed out here someone would 
surely see her, and with this wind, much more than she 
was prepared to show.  So, she did the only thing she 
could; she sprinted to the sex shop as fast as her 
legs would go in the too high heels.

Denise shuddered and blushed with embarrassment. She 
was quite certain everyone in the sex shop was looking 
at her.  She could feel their burning glances on the 
back of her neck.  

She tried to find something not quite so perverse to 
look at.  She settled for the small selection of 
lingerie they had.

'Oh God, please go away!' she thought as a large 
piggish man walked toward her.  He was coated with a 
thin sheen of sweet and the armpits of his shirt were 
wet with the same.

"Need sum help with sumpthin?" he asked. Denise could 
hear his breath wheeze as he breathed.

'Not from you,' she thought.  "No thank you.  I'm just 
looking."

Denise looked around the store and saw a woman behind 
the counter.  She looked to be in her late forties.  
Her hair had been bleached too many times and her 
clothes were equally trashy, but at least she looked 
normal.  Trailer park trash normal, but at this point 
Denise wasn't going to sweat the small stuff.  
Anything would be better than the Pigman, especially 
considering where her dreadful niece had placed the 
list.

She tried to catch the woman's eye several times, but 
the bleach-blonde was too interested in the book she 
was reading.  Finally Denise gave up.  She cleared her 
throat.  "Please Miss, I-I need some help."  Her 
cheeks burned at asking for help.  

The woman's face wrinkled with irritation, as she set 
the book face down on the shelf.  "What is it?"  She 
said an exasperated sigh.

Denise wondered how many cigarettes the woman smoked 
each day to get a voice like that.  Denise's face 
deepened to a crimson red.  This was not going as well 
as she wanted.  "Ah, I-I need to get some t-things."

"Well, what are those things?  I don't have time to 
wait for housewives to come up with some backbone."

"There is a list- ah- in my bra."  She couldn't meet 
the woman's eyes.  "I'm sorry- my -ah- I was in an 
accident," she said, lifting cast covered arms to show 
her helplessness.  

"If you don't know what's on the list, then you were 
sent in to fetch a few things.  Am I right?  Tell me 
again-the truth this time."

Things were going steadily downhill, but it was either 
this or the Pigman.  Swallowing her pride, Denise 
answered.  "I-I was sent in to f-ah-fetch some 
things."

"Good, this might be much more interesting in the book 
I was reading, so let's see this list," the blonde 
said.  "My name is Miss Casey, by the way."  Then she 
started unbuttoning Denise's blouse.

Denise flinched and pulled away.  "Wait, what are you 
doing," she gasped.   

"What?  I bet you were just itchin' for me to dig 
around in your bra, but I'm not playing your game, 
you're playing mine."  Miss Casey didn't even pause.  
She continued until Denise's bra was totally exposed.  
"Is the list here?" she said, flipping the right cup 
down, twisting it inside out.  Denise's large breast 
jiggled on top of the cup of her bra like a bowl of 
Jello.

"Nope, then must be in this one." As she flipped the 
other cup down; a credit card and small piece of paper 
fell into her waiting hand.

She quickly scanned the list and quite a list it was 
too.  But, what caught her attention was what was 
written on the last few lines.  *My pet may be played 
with, but she is not cum or to be damaged in any way.*

"Very nice, very nice indeed," muttered Miss Casey.  

"Please, someone will see," Denise pleaded, her large 
breasts quivering under the bright fluorescent lights.  

"Don't worry.  It's nothing that everybody here hasn't 
seen before."  Then she walked off.

Denise quickly turned her back and faced the back 
wall, crouching behind a display.  She wished with all 
her heart she had the use of her hands.

Miss Casey returned with a few items.  "Now let's get 
you fitted."  Then she sat everything down, but two 
small items remained in her hand.  

'Fitted?' Denise was horrified at the thought.  "No, I 
don't want to be fitted," she said, almost too loudly.  

Miss Casey reached forward and grasped an erect 
nipple.  "Yes, you can't just buy this stuff.  You 
have to know your size.  Besides, don't tell me you 
aren't enjoying yourself, slut, your nips give you 
away." 

Denise tried to pull away, but she was held firmly by 
her nipple.  "I don't care.  Just give me what's on 
the list.  I'm sure it will all f-Ahhhh!"

It was at that moment the dreadful woman applied a 
clamp to her sensitive flesh.  "You bitch! Ah, Jesus 
that hurt!" Denise said.

"See, I told you we have to fit you."  Miss Casey 
pulled the clamp off; then gently caressed the aching 
nipple. 

"Stop it. . . please." 

"I know it must hurt.  I was just trying to ease the 
pain, before we try another one," Miss Casey said, 
reaching for another clip.  "But, since you insist." 

Denise's poor nipple was in too much pain to tolerate 
the other clamp.  "Wait-wait-it's okay," she said.  "I 
didn't know."   

Miss Casey continued to sensually manipulate the small 
pink disc capped with an eraser-like nub, until Denise 
could barely stand.  "Okay, let's try the other one 
now."  This time when she applied another clamp, 
Denise felt her pussy surge with pleasure accompanied 
by the sensual pain shooting from her nipple.

Denise moaned a little loudly and caught herself.  
Then she looked back and saw that several people had 
noticed her and were pointing.  

"I see the little slut likes this one much better," 
Miss Casey said, giving the clamp a little tug.

"Please, mmm- please Miss Casey-not here.  Not like 
this." Denise begged.

"Are you a shy pet?" 

Denise didn't like the way Miss Casey treated her, but 
she wasn't in the position to do anything about it.  
She could only blush and nod her head.

"I'll be finished in just a bit pet.  Say, please 
Mistress, the slave's other breast is lonely."   

'Did she say slave?  This has gone entirely too far,' 
thought Denise.  It was just then she noticed one of 
the store patrons move in front of her for a better 
view.  He was quickly joined by another.  

"Please, my other breast is lonely."

Miss Casey manipulated the clamped nipple.  Tears 
welled in Denise's eyes, as she bit down to stop from 
crying.

"The pet is being disobedient.  Does she think 
Mistress is stupid?  Try it again."

Denise didn't dare to disobey again.  "Please 
Mistress, the slave's other breast is lonely," she 
managed to force out.

Miss Casey deftly stretched out the other nipple and 
applied the next clamp.  Denise bit her lip to hold 
back her moan.  Then the dreadful woman attached a 
small weight to each chain and gave them each a little 
flick to set them swinging.  

Denise was no longer able to suppress her reaction.  
"Ahhh," she moaned loudly.  Each time the weights 
swung, she felt a throb of pleasure in her cunt and 
nipples.

"Say, please Mistress, the slave needs to be collared.  
Then, turn around so I can put it on.  I'll take you 
out of the way afterwards," Miss Casey whispered in 
Denise's ear, too low for the men watching to hear.

Tears welled in Denise's eyes.  It wasn't so much the 
talking she dreaded, but the thought of turning around 
to face the rest of the store.

"Please Mistress the slave needs to be collared," 
Denise said.  Then, with her lip trembling, she turned 
to face the stares of the other store patrons.  

Thankfully, Miss Casey swiftly buckled the collar on 
her neck.  As if the collar weren't enough humiliation 
to endure, the woman hooked a leash onto the collar 
and led Denise behind the counter.

Denise had never been so mortified in all her life.  
There she was, being led around like an animal, while 
her clamped breasts were pushed up proudly due from 
the upside down bra cups underneath.  The worse part 
was; she had expected to go to the back of the store, 
where no one could see her.  However, Miss Casey had 
only moved her behind the counter.  Everyone could 
still see!

"Wait, not here!" Denise whispered urgently.

"You are so right pet. . ." Miss Casey said, causing 
Denise to feel relieved.  "We need to do something 
about that disobedient mouth of yours."  Then, when 
Denise opened her mouth to argue, the woman stuffed 
something into her mouth.  

Denise tried to fight the invasion, but the woman was 
forceful and not afraid to pinch a nose or an already 
clamped nipple to get her way.  Soon, Denise found her 
mouth kept painfully open by some sort of ring.

"Bend at the waist for me pet."

Denise found she didn't have a choice anyway, with her 
legs against the counter as they were.  Miss Casey 
pushed her forward until her torso was lying on the 
counter.  Her breasts dangled freely and the weights 
swung in small circles.  

She looked up and noticed she had attracted quite a 
crowd.  She was afraid to meet their eyes, but she 
could see that every one of the men sported a bulge in 
their pants.  She realized she would fuck them all 
right now, if she were allowed to cum.

She felt something probe her.  'Not there!' she 
thought.  She tightened her rear passage, and tried to 
resist.  However, all she did was set those devious 
little weights to swinging all the harder.   

The finger didn't stop.  It continued to explore her 
forbidden hole and worse, she was beginning to enjoy 
it.  She wished she were in a less public place or to 
at least not have drool leaking out of her mouth in 
front of everyone.

Denise soon found herself moving back and forth in 
time with the finger.  She moaned its loss when it was 
withdrawn.

Then, she felt it at her entrance again.  She relaxed 
as it was pushed in, but to her surprise, it was 
bigger . . . much bigger.  

"Ugh," she gasped, sending a fresh stream of spittle 
from her mouth.  Whatever it was, it was huge.  She 
was thankful Miss Casey was patient, even if she was 
persistent.  Denise groaned with relief when she felt 
the widest part slide home.  She had never felt so 
full before.

"All done."  Miss Casey playfully spanked Denise on 
her bottom.  The shock of the blow was light, but 
thanks to the plug, Denise felt it travel straight to 
her insides.

The older woman helped Denise straighten back up and 
whispered in her ear.  "You've made Mistress hot pet.  
If I take you to the back room will you make me cum?"

Denise struggled with the decision, but in the end her 
need won out.  Maybe she would finally get to cum, or 
at least away from this leering audience.  She nodded 
her head.

Miss Casey led the married woman to the back store 
room by her leash.  Denise knew she should be 
horrified, but she was too turned on at the moment to 
care.  She could only imagine what the shop patrons 
thought of her as she walked obediently behind this 
woman like some sort of pet.  

And what a sight Denise was.  Her breasts were 
bouncing freely and pressed up by her twisted bra.  
Weights swung from her clamped nipples with every 
step. Her mouth was kept open by a ring gag, begging 
for penetration.  Her wet aroused shaved sex, cried 
out slut.  Her stance was wide and her hips rotated in 
an exaggerated manner due to the large plug, whose 
base was sticking out of her ass.  Yes, the men in the 
store would talk about this for a long time to come.

Miss Casey closed the curtain behind Denise and helped 
her to her knees in front of an office chair.  "Let's 
set the mood shall we?" Miss Casey said, turning a 
radio on to some very God-awful music.  Then the 
bleach blond unzipped her dress and sat down in the 
chair.  It was the first time that Denise had seen 
another woman who was shaved other than herself.

Miss Casey kicked off her shoes and placed a foot on 
each of Denise's shoulders.  "Eat me slut!" she 
ordered.

'Oh God, what have I become?' Denise thought, as she 
lowered her face to this woman's sex.

"That's it-eat it.  Eat that pussy, bitch."  Miss 
Casey positioned her hand underneath the chair and 
pulled the leash, mashing Denise's face against her 
sex.  Denise tried to keep up, but with her mouth 
opened with the gag, could barely keep up.  Her only 
choice was to stick her tongue out and lick, while 
Miss Casey moved her all over her sex.

Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to get the horrible 
woman off.  Miss Casey slid the chair back.  "You 
don't suck worth a fuck.  I guess I'm going to have to 
take care of it all myself."

Miss Casey got up and returned with a double-ended 
dildo, which she placed in Denise's open mouth.  Since 
the house wife's mouth was held open by the ring gag, 
she had to use her tongue to hold the rubber phallus 
in place.

The bleach blonde then sat back down in the chair and 
inserted the other end of the dildo in her sex and 
placed her feet on Denise's shoulders.  Using the 
leash to control the reluctant house wife and the 
motion of the chair, she began to fuck herself on the 
dildo.

First, she would tug on the leash, causing her chair 
to slide forward, until the dildo was firmly embedded 
in her cunt.  Then, she would kick her legs out 
sliding the chair away from Denise.  Her chair rolled 
back and forth easily, thrusting the dildo in and out 
of her sex.  Her other hand was free to play with her 
clit or a nipple, whichever she seemed to be in the 
mood for.  Miss Casey was floating on cloud nine.

However, poor Denise was getting the worst of it.  Due 
to the ring gag, she was unable to bite down on the 
dildo.  Instead, the only thing keeping it from going 
back further was the pressure exerted from her tongue.  
In short order, the dildo was banging against the back 
of her throat.  To make matters worse, the weights on 
her nipples swung freely, causing her additional 
discomfort.  

It wouldn't be so bad if she would cum though.  Miss 
Casey was certainly well on her way, judging from the 
aroused state of her sex.  Denise was helpless and 
watched jealously from her close vantage as the dildo, 
dripping a combination of spittle and cum, fucked the 
sleazy looking woman. 

'It isn't fair,' thought Denise.  'This sleazy bitch 
gets to cum, while I have to suffer.  God, I would 
trade my car for five minutes alone with this dildo.'

The speed of Casey's fingers on her clit sped.  She 
had dropped the leash, grabbed Denise by the hair, 
thrusting the dildo in and out.  

"I'm cumming.  That's it fuck mouth.  Work my cunt 
with that fucking whore mouth.  Work it bitch-work it.  
Ah-Ah-Ah-here it cums-here it cums."  Casey's hips 
rose off the chair and the banged up and down as she 
climaxed violently.  

"That was very good pet," Miss Casey said.  "Wait her 
while I ring up your purchases."  

Miss Casey removed the plastic cock from the ring gag, 
went back into the front of the store and then 
returned with a large bag.  She took the collar and 
leash off the kneeling woman and placed them in the 
bag along with a very large dildo.  She helped Denise 
to her feet.  "It was a pleasure doing business with 
you slut."

Denise shook her head violently.  She couldn't go back 
out like this.  What if someone she knew drove by as 
she was leaving?  What would April think?

Miss Casey pushed Denise out into the bright 
fluorescent lights of the store.  The men in the store 
clapped, seeing the wet-faced woman emerge.  "Maybe 
you can talk Frank into making you a bit more 
presentable."

'Oh God, the Pigman,' thought Denise.

Denise walked behind the counter, with every eye 
watching the weights swinging from her nipples.  She 
wondered how she was going to be able to make Frank 
understand what she needed with the ring gag in her 
mouth.

As he saw her approach, he unzipped his pants and 
pulled out a thick flaccid cock.  

'What am I turning into?' Denise thought as she knelt 
in front of the sweaty fat man.  He removed the gag 
from her mouth and pushed her face toward his crotch.  

Denise licked his penis.  It tasted of salt, but it 
wasn't as bad as she thought.  She only wished she had 
the use of her hands, because Frank was making things 
very difficult for her.  He grabbed a handful of her 
hair and guided her up and down his thick shaft.  He 
teased her with the head of his cock, trying to stick 
it up her nostril, slapping her chin with it, before 
making her chase after it; humiliating her in front of 
the store patrons.  

By the time she captured the bulbous head in her 
mouth, she was more than eager to suck it.  Where she 
had once been timid with her husband, with this total 
stranger, she was bobbing her head up and down like a 
madwoman desperate for cum.  And she was desperate for 
it, because the quicker he came, the quicker she could 
get out of this perverse hell hole.

"God, this one loves a cock, doesn't she?" said Frank.

"You should have seen her suck a pussy.  She wasn't 
very good, but she loves a pussy something awful."

Denise felt her skirt being lifted and a finger slip 
easily into her soaking sex.  She moaned and felt 
Frank pushing her head further against his crotch. 

It was already at the back of her throat.  She 
struggled against him.

"You better not bite me bitch." 

Miss Casey slipped another finger into Denise's cunt.  
"Stop fighting it.  Just relax and swallow it fuck 
mouth."

Denise obeyed.  The cock slipped down her throat.  At 
first she felt like she was choking and then gagging 
as it was withdrawn.  She tried to swallow to quite 
the involuntary need to heave.

"It's alright.  Just breathe through your nose and 
don't try to fight it," Miss Casey said.

It slipped into her throat again.  In and out it 
violated her.  She wasn't blowing him, she was being 
fucked orally.  He was fucking her face.  Denise had 
long since ceased being embarrassed.  Her only 
thoughts were the penis going in and out her mouth and 
the fingers exploring her aching cunt.

"Oh God, I'm cumming."  Frank grabbed the back of her 
head and forced his cock down her throat.  She felt it 
spasm and spurt, then cum emptying into her once 
virginal throat.

"Uh-uh-uh-swallow it all, you cock sucking whore," 
Frank groaned.

Denise worked her throat.  She had no choice; it was 
swallow or choke.

Frank pulled the housewife off of his softening cock.  
"Clean it," he ordered.

Denise began the rueful task of cleaning the 
congealing cum from his thick hairy organ.  It 
wouldn't have been so bad but for the audience 
watching from behind the counter.

Finally the task was over.  Frank did make her a bit 
more presentable, but not as much as Denise had hoped.  
She left the grimy store wearing her short skirt and 
her thin blouse was still unbuttoned.  Since her arms 
were covered with casts, her bag of sex supplies was 
held between her teeth.  Thankfully, it hid her bare 
breasts and her clamped nipples, at least from the 
front. High heel shoes, sunglasses and a hot pink wig 
completed the outfit.  She hurried back to the parked 
car, praying nobody she knew would recognize her.

To be continued . . .

****************

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.





Denying Denise Ch.4
by Couture
(FF,humil,denial)
Couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c)2002 by Couture


April held the door open for Denise to get inside the 
car.  The older woman grunted when she sat, as the 
plug was driven deeper into her ass.

"God, slut, couldn't you wait till we got home to try 
everything out?"

Denise was hysterical.  "It was so awful Ap-I mean 
Mistress; that bitch in there practically molested 
me!"

"Oh, you poor thing," April consoled the stricken 
woman with mock sincerity.  "Tell Mistress all about 
it."

Denise told April about her traumatic experience 
inside the porn shop.  It was difficult to remain 
focused, especially when the young girl took the 
clamps off her breasts.  Denise found out that 
unbelievable as it seems, they hurt more coming off 
than they did when they were on.

The further into the story Denise got, the more 
liberties her niece took with her.  Soon the older 
woman, sat with her legs spread wide, trying to tell 
about her adventures between moans, while April teased 
her tormented sex.

"And then they made me stick his penis in my mouth, 
there on the dirty floor, while everyone gawked at 
me."

April removed her finger from Denise's sex then 
brought it up to the older woman's mouth for her to 
clean, before moving it back down and pulling on her 
crinkled nether lips.  

April said, "I bet it made little Neesie's wet being 
watched by all those people, didn't it?"

Denise shook her head, but spread her legs wider.

"Oh my, Neesie, what would Ted think if he knew the 
woman he married was a slutty exhibitionist?"

"I'm not an exhibitionist.  It was horrible."

"Really?  You seem to be enjoying it now."

Denise opened her eyes in shock to see several 
lecherous stares.  She clamped her legs closed.  "Oh, 
God, please April, lets go."

"It's Mistress April.  Just for that, you're going to 
give them a show," April said.  "Open your legs, 
bitch."

Denise reluctantly complied and April buried two 
fingers in her aunt's wet sex.  Then pulled them free 
and held them in front of her lips.

"That's my girl.  Now, clean off your nasty juices and 
remember to smile and look at the nice men."

'God, I'm turning into such a slut,' Denise thought as 
she sucked her juices from the proffered finger, 
making sure to smile as if she were enjoying it.  

April took her time starting the car and Denise was 
thankful to be away from the horrible sex shop, but 
became terrified when her niece pulled into a park at 
her final destination.  

The mall.

************************

"Please Mistress, I'm begging you.  I can't go in 
there.  Someone might see me."

"I've already explained this once Neesie, we have to 
get you a makeover.  Otherwise, you will attract too 
much attention when we are together.  I can't help it 
you are so old looking, can I?  Now, either do what I 
say, or no cummie-cum."

Denise was trapped.  She couldn't bear the thought of 
either alternative.  "I can't." she whispered.

"Fine, then lets go to the country club to socialize."

Denise turned white with horror.  She would definitely 
be recognized there.  Everyone knew her.  

"Wait.  I'll do it.  I'll go in."

"Are you sure?  Will you do everything I ask?  Hair, 
nails, makeup - the works?"

Denise shuddered.  "Yes.  Yes, I'll do it everything."

*********************

It sounded so simple in the car, but two hours later 
Denise sat shell shocked with April on a seat in front 
of Belks.  

"You look so awesome Neesie, I wonder if Tom will 
recognize you when he gets home?"

'Oh God, Tom!' thought Denise.  'Will he still want 
me, much less recognize me?' 

In truth, Denise barely recognized her self.  Her hair 
was bleached to a platinum blonde.  Bronze streaks 
ended in gel-set points.  Her face bore the latest in 
make-up fashion, bright colors suitable for a 
nineteen-year-old, with long glued on nails, and gaudy 
jewelry.  The worst part of it was that April didn't 
even let her retain a semblance of pride.  She just 
took charge telling everyone what she wanted for her 
'pet'.

With no exception, every person looked at Denise in 
shock, waiting for her to discipline the impertinent 
young girl, but the older woman could only blush and 
nod her head.

After her transformation, she had lost ten years, but 
she needed twenty for the style April selected.  She 
still looked ike an older woman trying to be a 
teenager -- a teenaged slut.

Denise shuddered, causing her long earrings to jangle.

"Kiss me pet," April said.

Denise kissed the young girl chastely on the cheek and 
then beside her full lips.

April turned her head away.  "I thought the nasty girl 
wanted a cummie-cum?"

"I do Mistress."  Tears of frustration welled in 
Denise's eyes.

"Then give me a real kiss like a good little wifie."

Denise trembled, looking around quickly to see if 
there was anyone around who might spot her and then 
did as commanded.  April kissed her passionately and 
Denise couldn't help but react.  When her niece 
finally pulled away, Denise was left sitting there, 
mouth open, and tongue questing, in the public mall.

"Good girl," April said.  "Now, stay there.  I'm 
always the aggressor and remember to moan for me to 
show me your pleasure."

'I can't believe I'm doing this,' Denise thought, as 
April kissed her again, their tongues dancing together 
in broad daylight.  When April smother her mouth with 
her own, Denise didn't need to summon the moans of 
desire, they came willingly on their own.

After the kiss, April licked her lipstick smeared lips 
predatorily.  "Delicious."

Denise blushed, as she wondered about her own 
appearance.

"Do you want an orgasm little dykie?"

Denise's heart leapt with anticipation, before 
settling back down with reality.  "If Mistress wants 
me to."

"Mistress does."  April reached into the bag she 
brought in from the car and took out an item that was 
purchased from the sex shop.  It was a large dildo, 
which she sat down on its flat base next to Denise.  
She disguised its presence with the now empty bag.

"But April," Denise gasped in shock.  "We're in the 
middle of the mall."

"So?" April raised her eyebrows, as if daring Denise 
to question her.

"B-b-but. . ."

"This is your last chance until Tom gets home."

Denise looked around frantically.  Though they were in 
the main aisle, it was slow and no one appeared to be 
paying them any attention.  She couldn't believe she 
was contemplating this, but it had been too long - 
three long weeks, followed by April's constant 
teasing.  She had to have release.

She blushed a bright crimson.  Her lips trembled.  "Oh 
God, Mistress, how'm I gonna do this?"

"Don't worry, I'll guide you every step of the way.  
First, stand up."  Denise tried, but the high-heeled 
shoes and unusable arms made it impossible.  April got 
up and helped her aunt to her feet.  Then she moved 
the bag out from in front of the large dildo.  "Now 
ease back down on it pet."

April lifted the hem of her aunt's skirt, so it 
wouldn't catch on the rubber phallus.  Then she guided 
it into the opening of Denise's sex.  Trembling, the 
older woman eased down onto the thick pole until it 
was halfway in her stretched pussy.

She gave long groan and her descent stopped.  "Ugh-get 
me off.  It's too big."

April's eyes grew with alarm.  "Oh shit!" she said.  
"Here comes someone."

'God knows.  I knew something like this would happen,' 
thought silently, cursing herself for allowing this to 
happen.  She pressed down harder to hide the dildo in 
the only place she could - inside her.  But it was 
still stuck.  "Help me Mistress," she begged.  "Ugh-
baby please help me."

April pushed down on Denise's thighs and the older 
woman resumed her progress down the giant cock.  Her 
face screwed up and a loud groan escaped her mouth. 
April caught her aunt's mouth in a kiss, smothering 
the cries until the older woman was tightly mounted on 
the large phallus.

Once Denise was firmly seated, she returned to her 
senses.  She was hot and sweaty, and between the dildo 
in her cunt and the plug in her ass, she had never 
felt as full-as stuffed- in her entire life.  She 
looked around quickly to see if she had made it in 
time, but she didn't see anyone.  She realized April 
had lied to her!

"I can't believe you lie-oh!"  Denise was interrupted 
by a vibrating sensation deep in her body.  She could 
feel it run through her insides it was so strong.  
Panicked, she looked over at her niece, who had a 
shit-eaten grin on her face and a white controller in 
her hand.  

"You're mine," April whispered, licking her lips.

Denise felt the vibrations increase in glorious 
intensity, until she thought she would swoon and then 
die down to nothingness.  She squeezed her thighs 
together and then cast her glace fearfully around the 
mall to see if anyone was coming.

"No," April said.  "I want you looking at me.  If I 
catch you looking anywhere else but in my eyes, then I 
will stop.  Say yes Mistress if you understand."

Denise flushed, eyes darting around in fear, before 
looking up to meet her Mistress's intense gaze.  "Yes, 
Mistress."  She felt her heart warm and skip a beat as 
she got lost in her Mistress's pale blue eyes.  She 
was quite certain she loved her, even with all that 
had happened.

This was the part that scared Denise the most.  How 
her body betrayed her was one thing, but it seemed to 
have a mind of its own and she could divorce herself 
of responsibility due to her handicap.  But, these 
feelings she felt whenever she looked into the young 
girl's eyes; how could she explain them and could she 
ever get rid of them.  

She felt the vibrations stir in her sex again as April 
grinned widely.  

"Who do you belong to pet?"

"You, Mistress."

"And whose cunt is that?  And tits and ass?"

"Yours." Denise knew she needed to look away from 
those two pools of crystal clear blue that pulled her 
in.  She was drowning and she couldn't escape.

"And whose heart is that?"

"Yours."  Denise was sobbing now, overcome with 
emotion and pleasure from the ever increasing 
vibrations.  "I love you Mistress," she volunteered. 
Her eyes locked onto April's now, returning her gaze 
in intensity.

"What about Tom?"

"I don't care about him, I want you.  I need you.  Ah-
Ah-Oh shit!"  Denise felt her ass and cunt spasm 
around their intruders.  She was awash with pleasure.  
She was going to cum.

"Are you going to divorce Tom?"

"Yes!" Denise cried, as her body quaked with pleasure.

"And marry me?  Be my wifie, my cunt, my slave?"

"Yes! Yes!"

"To love, honor and obey."

"Yes-yes"

"To get teased, frustrated, punished, and anything 
else I can think of."

"Yes-yes-oh-yes!"  Denise felt the damn break inside 
her sex, as she was overcome by the most mind-
consuming, earth-shattering orgasm in her entire life.  
She struggled to keep looking into April's eyes, while 
her body shook.  'Kiss me,' she thought and as if 
April could read her mind, she did.

Denise ached for her arms to be free, so she could 
return April's snug embrace.  She shook and cried, as 
she had an orgasm, two, then three, until finally her 
body stilled with exhaustion.  April broke the kiss 
and breaking into a crocodile grin.  "You're mine 
now."

"Till death do us part," Denise whispered in a faint 
voice.  

***********************************




On the day her husband was due home, Denise was naked, 
wearing a blindfold, face planted on the floor, with 
her ass raised into the air on the living room floor.  
Her niece was behind her, naked as well, and a leather 
crop in her hand.  She traced a particularly red welt 
on her aunt's ass before bringing the crop out and 
back down with a loud thwack.

The older woman grunted and her hips bucked 
involuntarily.  

April tisked disapprovingly.  "What just happened 
wifie?"

"I flinched."

"What flinched?"

"Your ass," Denise moaned.  "Your ass just flinched."

"Did I give you permission to flinch my ass?"

"No Mistress."

"Then you must think it is your ass instead of mine 
little wifie.  Give that ass back to me."

April swung the crop, hitting the same dark welt as 
she had before.  This time the only movement from her 
aunt was the jiggle of flesh from the contact of the 
crop.

"Oh that's it lover," April cooed.  "Give me that 
ass."  The wicked crop danced on the older woman's 
plump ass, but except for the pained expression on her 
face, she didn't move.

April stopped and admired her handiwork.  The ivory 
flesh of her aunt was the canvas, the crop was her 
brush, and the crisscrossed welts her masterpiece.  
She took the crop and tapped on the insides of 
Denise's thighs.

"Show me your cunt lover," April said.  "Show me that 
hungry little gash."

Denise arched her back and opened her legs wider.  Her 
thighs were streaked with moisture from her blossomed 
sex.  Her mind drifted to earlier in the afternoon 
when April took her to the country club.

********************

It was one of the things that Denise dreaded all week, 
but knew would happen whether she liked it or not.  
April dressed her in a small tennis outfit sans bra 
and panties; her neck was adorned by the collar from 
the sex shop.  April wore jeans, heels, and a white 
oxford blouse.  

A dubious looking hostess met them at the entrance.  
"I'm sorry, we only serve members-Oh Mrs. Thompson!" 
she said, finally recognizing a very different looking 
Denise.  "Uh-hold on just a minute.  Let me see if we 
have anything available."

"That's fine," April said, her hand caressing her 
aunt's skirt covered rear possessively.  "We can 
wait."

Denise saw the host go talk to the manager, pointing 
back at her.  Eventually, the woman returned and led 
the blushing woman and her niece to the rear of the 
restaurant. Densie was even glad for once to be seated 
next to the door to the kitchen to be away from prying 
eyes.

"What will you have for lunch Mrs. Thompson," the 
waitress said.

April said, "I will have the jerk chicken salad and a 
red wine.  Bring the wine back in a hurry."

The woman looked to Denise expectantly.  "For you?"  

"Nothing," Denise said blushing as she thought of 
eating her meal in this very public place from her 
niece's sex.  Her stomach growled in anticipation as 
it did every time she saw April's sex, after eating 
her meals from the girl's cunt since the first of the 
week.

The waitress shrugged her shoulders and returned with 
the wine.  April swirled the glass lightly, sniffing 
the aroma, while her aunt trembled in fear.

April took a swallow, closing her eyes as she enjoyed 
the experience.  "Thirsty," she said.

"No thank you," Denise said, knowing what April would 
expect of her.

"It wasn't a question."  April took a swallow, holding 
it in her mouth, and leaned over to her aunt.  Denise 
could feel the blood rushing to her face, pounding 
with every beat of her heart.  She tilted her head and 
leaned over to her niece.  They kissed, while Denise 
swallowed the wine with practiced ease, leaving only a 
small trail of liquid down her chin when April broke 
the kiss.

April licked the remaining wine from her aunt's chin 
with an obvious display of decadent sensuality, while 
Denise's eyes darted around the country club coming to 
rest on Mrs. Davidson, a particularly rich and uptight 
woman who just happened to know everyone.

Denise's heart dropped to her feet.  It was over.  
Everyone would know about her and her niece.

April pulled away and caught Denise's wander eyes.  
"Who are you looking at?" she asked.

"Nobody," Denise said hurriedly, looking back at her 
niece.

"Liar," April turned and looked at the staring woman.  
"Well, show nobody my cunt."

"Please Mistress," Denise begged, the mistress part 
coming out as a whisper.  "I know her."

"Show her," April said in a voice the brooked no 
argument.  "*My* cunt.  Show her what I do to you."

Reluctantly, Denise slid her legs to the side and 
spread them, displaying her wet aroused sex to the 
older woman.  She wished with all her might that she 
still had her pubic hair, but April kept her fully 
bare.  Her sex was wet almost all the time now, with 
no release since the day at the mall.  

The old woman coughed in surprise, splattering coffee 
over the table. She mouthed slut, hurriedly got up, 
and went to see the manager.

Denise longed to closer her legs.  "Please," she 
begged.  

"Keep them open," April warned.

The manager walked back to them, making sure to get a 
good eyeful of Denise's pussy, before asking them to 
leave.

"Come along lover," April said, taking Denise by the 
hand, and loud enough to draw more stares.  "The 
service in this place is terrible."  With her aunt in 
one hand and her wine in the other she walked 
imperiously to the door.  As she walked by Mrs. 
Davidson, she tossed the wine on the woman's expensive 
blouse.  "And they seem to be overrun with 
cockroaches."

"Stupid old bitch," April laughed as they left the 
club.  "Come on little wifie, let's go home, so you 
can eat my pussy."

*****************
  
"Your pussy is hungry for me isn't it?"  April idly 
traced the petal of the Denise's nether lips with the 
crop.  Denise kissed the carpeted floor, wanting 
desperately to hump the crop, to work it into her 
pussy, but daring not to.

"But you know who this cunt belongs to, don't you 
slut?"

"Yes Mistress," Denise gasped.  "It belongs to you."

The crop traveled up and began to lightly tap on the 
older woman's crinkled rosebud.

"And this tight little asshole," April said, turning 
the crop around and poking the tip of the handle 
inside.  "Or should I say formerly tight little 
asshole.  Who does it belong to, wifie?"

"It's yours Mistress," Denise said, relaxing her ass 
to make herself available, mentally begging for relief 
from the constant teasing.

*******************

Denise's mind drifted again as she thought about 
April's term of endearment.  Wifie.  'That's what I 
am.  Her wifie,' she thought.

But Tom thought of Denise as his wifie too.  Desise 
had tried to be a good wife, but she knew deep down 
now that she was just a slut.  April's slut for as 
long as her niece would have her.  

She pretended to be a good wife, especially when Tom 
called at night.  He was nice and he was a good 
husband.

"How is everything and how are you getting along with 
April?" he asked.

Denise looked down between her spread legs, ankles 
tied to each bedpost, her niece down below with a 
paint brush teasing her.  

She tried her best to concentrate on Tom, while he 
told her of all the dreary things that happened at his 
conference.  Denise all the while thinking of the 
brush, her clit, and how swollen and aching it felt.

Then April smiling wickedly, licking her lips.  
"You're mine," she mouthed, before crawling up her 
aunt's body and spreading her thighs just above the 
older woman's head.

Denise kissed the unblemished thigh, before returning 
her attention to the phone.  "Tom, look something has 
come up and I have to go."  A pause.  "No-I really 
don't have time to hear about that right now.  I'll 
talk to you later.  Goodbye."

April smiled her crocodile smile, moving the phone 
from pillow and replacing it on the cradle.

"All mine," she said, settling down on her aunt's 
face.

*********************

"Yes, all mine," April said, as she strapped on a 
dildo.  She walked behind her aunt, placing a hand on 
Denise's crotch and one on her back, lifting up and 
pushing down until she was satisfied with her aunt's 
position.

"I think I just heard Tom pull up.  This is your last 
chance to back out little wifie."  April said as 
placed the head of the strapon she was wearing at the 
entrance of Denise's sex.

Denise lay obediently in front of her niece, not 
daring to try to pleasure herself on the dildo she 
desperately needed.  "I don't care.  I love you.  Oh 
God, please fuck me.  Fuck me Mistress."

"You want to fuck?"  April said.  "Do you cunt?"

"Yes," Denise begged.  "Fuck me.  Use me.  Fuck my hot 
pussy."  

April plunged the phallus in the hilt and began to 
pound into the married woman.  She heard the faint 
sound of the car door slamming.  'It wouldn't be long 
now,' she thought.  Her pelvis slapped loudly every 
time it hit Denise's plump red-streaked ass.

"Does my little dyke want to cum?"

"If it pleases you Mistress," Denise forced herself to 
say.  In truth she needed it more than life itself.  
She would give anything for it.  In truth she *was* 
giving everything for it . . .her husband . . . her 
house . . . her life.

"Then beg me for it bitch.  Tell me what you want."

"Ugh, please fuck me Mistress.  Fuck my ass.  Fuck my 
pussy.  Oh goddamnit, fuck me anyway you want me." 

"Louder," commanded April as she heard a knock on the 
front door, and then it finally being unlocked when no 
one answered.  She fucked her aunt harder, even 
brutally.

"Fuck me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!"  Denise gasped with 
every thrust.

April grabbed a handful of her aunt's hair, pulling 
the older woman's head back.  Denise wailed as the 
climax hit full force.  

"Oh God, Jesus I'm cumming.  Keep fucking me.  Oh fuck 
me my Mistress-my lover!"

Tom entered.  His briefcase fell to the floor as he 
stared in shocked silence.  

April met Tom's stunned gaze with a confident stare.  
'You might not recognize her, but this was your wife,' 
she thought feeling her own orgasm unleash, her body  
joining her lover's in bliss. "and she's mine now . . 
. all mine."

The end.

********************


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





