BDSM Library - The Plight of Janice




The Plight of Janice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Blond, and 19, Janice is kidnapped, spread-eagled, and repeatedly sexually abused.  She is then put on display and auctioned off and must submit to electrical torture and more sexual abuse.
The Plight of Janice

by Trainman

     Janice walked along the parking lot towards her car. She never made it. 
A yellow van pulled slowly and silently up along side her and without any warning
the side door opened and two hands yanked her into its compartment.  The doors
closed and the van continued out of the parking lot towards the parkway.  Inside
the van, three men attempted to subdue her while she struggled, enjoying the
sight of her big breasts swaying and heaving from the exertion.  One knocked her
to the floor and was tying rope around her ankles.  The other wrestled her arms
behind her back and was restraining her wrists while the third stuffed a sponge
into her wide oval mouth and tied a knotted cloth over the sponge engorged mouth
and around her neck.  After she was subdued, they sat her in a chair. The men
stared at their voluptuous and sweaty possession.
     Janice was 19 years old and stood at 5' 7" tall and weighed 125.  She was
a golden blond with long shoulder length hair, high forehead, deep wide blue
eyes, and small pert nose.  Her mouth was wide and oval.  Her neck was slender. 
She had long sleek, smooth and creamy looking legs.  They were quite exposed to
the hot glances of the men.  She was wearing a pair of denim shorts that just
covered her crotch area and which allowed an admiring eye to see the lower swells
of her ass cheeks.  Her calves were beautifully sculpted. Her thighs were full,
creamy, and womanly.  Her inner thighs were invitingly visible, and were
trembling.  But, the men weren't looking at her thighs, or her face.  They
couldn't take their eyes off her hugely mammoth breasts that seemed to fill out 
 her beige midriff tee shirt.  They were definitely a tit man's delight.  They
were rising and falling with each deep breath she was taking, and they were
jiggling rather rapidly, considering the struggle that she just went through. 
The men did not hide their interest.  The tits were round, full, up thrusting,
and widely spaced under her tee shirt. Right now, with her arms tied tightly
behind her back, her tits thrust out even further than usual and this caused her
bra to cruelly bite into those cushiony globes. If the men looked carefully, they
could see the bumps of her  protruding nipples caused by the bra pushing into her tits. 
Also, the T-shirt was low cut so the top swells of her luscious breasts were
plainly visible.
     She over heard one man say to the other, "Christ, look at those tits.  The
boss sure will reward us for this one.  I wish I could have a look before we turn
her over."  She was shocked.  What did he mean, "Have a look" and "turn her
over".  She really became scared.  She thought this was a basic kidnapping and
she'd be let go.  Her father had plenty of money.  But something was strange. 
No mention was made of money, at least not yet.  Her stomach fluttered.  What if
they didn't want money.  What if they wanted to stick their penises in her
vagina.  
     After riding for 20 more minutes, the van pulled into a large estate well
off the road and far removed from any neighbor.  The house was large and the
interior was well sound proofed.  The owner was very wealthy and indulged in a 
rather strange hobby. He kidnapped young women, trained them, or rather indulged
himself with their bodies, and then sold them to white slavers.  Janice was his
next plaything.
     Sir John, as he liked to be called, was very demanding.  His "girls" all had
to fit a certain pattern.  They had to be rather beautiful, slender, blonde, and
have big tits.
     Sir John was waiting patiently in his study when the men walked in carrying
Janice tied to the chair  from the van.  They placed Janice about three feet in
front of the desk and then left.  Janice was shivering with fear as she looked
at her new captor.  This man was not going to call her father for a ransom.  He
was too wealthy himself.  Also she was not blindfolded, so she could see his
face.  He was about 50 years old and had slightly graying hair.  His eyes were
piercing and right now his eyes were wide open and staring at her tits. He looked
at them long and hard.  She reddened.   He was also looking through her pocket
book and removed her driver's license and examined it. He then looked back at her
tits, licked his lips and moved his eyes up and down her seated body.  He was
literally stripping her naked with those eyes.  She shivered with fear again and
felt a trickle of perspiration drip from her left armpit, down towards her bra. 
He opened his mouth to speak.
     "Janice, what a nice name.  I'm glad to meet you.  I'm Sir John. You can
call me Sir John or Master. I must admit that I have a rather interesting hobby. 
I like young women.  I like young blonde women. I like young blonde women who are
beautiful.  I like young, blonde, and beautiful women who are bound and gagged."
He had a lecherous grin on his face as he continued, "I like young blond,
beautiful women with big tits like yours who are helpless as you are."  At the
mention of her breasts, she cringed and blushed.  The fear increased and several
more drops of sweat trickled from each armpit now.  Also several drops trickled
down the small of her back.  
     Sir John noticed her fear.  "I'm glad to see you noticed my interest in
your body.  After all, if you did not have that body, you would not be here.  I
haven't finished what I like about big breasted, bound, blonde, beauties.  I like
young blond women with big tits who are bound, gagged and stripped naked!" 
Janice's eyes bugged, and she mumbled in the gag and started to struggle.  All
she did was make her huge breasts sway and heave in all directions.  While she
struggled Sir John continued to stare at her bouncing, jiggling tits.  She wasn't
going anywhere and they both knew it.
     "You may continue to struggle, my dear," he said. "I like to watch those
jugs bounce."  She immediately stopped moving. "Well," he continued," Let's not
waste any more time than we already have.  Let's see what you've got, hmmm?"
     With that he got up from his desk, walked toward her and put one hand on
each knee.  She twisted away, but he held on tightly.  His hands went exploring
over her exquisitely shaped calves.  She could do nothing.  The ropes held
tightly.  His hands removed her sneakers and socks and examined her bare feet and
touched her toes. He then stood up and put his hands on her silky thighs with his
fingers on the top of her thighs and his thumbs on the inner sides.  His hands
started upward towards her groin.  She tried to pull back and shook her head, but
his hands went to within an inch of the edge of her shorts and then stopped.
     "You are not in the correct position for a proper examination my dear," he
suddenly said.  With that, he moved away from her and pressed a button.  Two sets
of chains with black leather cuffs appears almost instantly.  One set from the
ceiling and the other from the floor.  He bent down to the floor and attached the
floor cuffs to each ankle.  He pressed another button and the slack was taken up
slightly.  The rope around her ankles was removed, as was the rope around her
narrow waist that kept her in the chair.  He grabbed her shoulders and stood her
up.  Sir John took the rope and went behind her.  She turned her body to see what
he was doing.  What he did was cruelly twist her back and shoved her elbows
together and tied them together.  She groaned because the result was that her
shoulders were rounded back and that pulled her bra into her tits and it hurt
like hell.  "Don't worry, we'll have you freed of all that clothing in due time,"
he said.   She shook her head violently.  "It's inevitable," he replied with
another wide lecherous grin.
     He took the cuffs from the ceiling and attached each to a wrist and then
removed the wrist ropes.  Her wrists had free movement as she tried to move them,
he pressed another button and the slack decreased and her wrists were restrained
by her hips.  Another button pressed and the chains started towards the ceiling. 
Her wrists followed.  They stopped when they were even with her tits. The elbow
ropes wouldn't let them move.  He undid those ropes and the ceiling chains
continued upward until her arms were directly over her head and extended straight
up. A little more adjustment and Janice stood stick straight with her ankle cuffs
keeping her on the floor and the wrist cuffs keeping her arms and body at
attention.  He looked at her and said, "This is a much better position for now
my dear, just one final adjustment."  He pressed the button again and the wrist
cuffs moved slightly higher causing her to stand on her tiptoes.  "That's
perfect", he said in a jovial tone, "A woman should be stretched out for a
perfect examination.  All the muscles are tightly stretched as well as the skin
over your rib cage. Your belly is tighter and more concave. Your calves are
tighter and I like what the tension does to your thighs and how it pulls in your
ass cheeks, not that it really seems to need it. Your tits stand out better,
firmer, and with less sag. Even your nipples will stand out better. You will not
be able to move. You will really be, and feel helpless.  No movement and being
stretched out will be very erotic to me as I will really rule over your
defenselessly naked body. Now, prepare for your examinations!" He smiled in cruel
anticipation, licked his lips and his eyes narrowed as he eyed Janice up and
down.
     Janice watched his look.  She could scarcely believe what was happening to
her.  This pervert was going to do horrible things to her and she was totally
helpless.  She was so stretched that she only could move her head.  She always
had been a good girl and except for making out a few times, was very
inexperienced when it came to sex.  She was conscious of her big breasts and of
men staring at them, but they couldn't do anything.  Here, now, this man, was
staring at them and he could and would, do whatever he pleased.  She felt his
hand on her tummy.
     Sir John rubbed his hand over her bare tummy. Her midriff tee had ridden
up from the position that she was in. He continued to rub and she sucked in her
breath.  This caused expansion of her chest and he smiled.  He started with every
girl like this and it had the same effect.  He again felt her legs, this time up
and down the back, her calves, the back of her thighs and now over her ass cheeks
that were slightly up tilted and covered by her denim shorts.  His fingers
insinuated themselves under the material and rubbed her tight cheeks.  She gasped
and tried to lean forward and away from his touch, but to no avail.  He left her
ass and continued up her back on her bare skin riding the tee shirt up and over
the bra strap.  She prayed he would not unsnap it.  He must have been reading her
mind, "I bet you thought I would unsnap your brassiere and strip your breasts
naked my dear, but not just yet."  He fumbled with something on the bra. He could
tell she was sweating.  Her skin was starting to glisten.  He saw several drops. 
She was trembling with fear.  He smiled.  She was astounded when he read out loud
her bra size from the label, "38 DD, my dear, that is tremendous."  His hands
continued under the tee, up to her shoulders then stopped, and took his hands out
from under her shirt.  He walked around to face her and put his hands on her
tummy again and slowly started upward.  
     She knew where they were headed this time and tried to turn and bend and
twist, but the chains held her taut.  Her shoulders were hurting her as were her
toes from the cruel suspension.  His hands reached the bottoms of her breasts and
he placed his fingertips on the underside of each globe. She blushed and a tear
rolled down her cheek.  He took his hands out from under the shirt and walked
over to his desk.  He picked up what looked like a fabric scissor and walked back
to her. Again, she shook her head. "Yes," he said, "It's time to see what bra can
hold those gigantic tits." He laughed and placed the scissors at the side of her
neck and cut upward along the sleeve of her right arm.  After cutting, the sleeve
flapped in two pieces down her back and also down her front along the right side. 
Her right bra strap was visible as was the upper outer right bra cup. The bra was
pink.  He did the same to her left sleeve.  Her left shoulder strap and outer
left bra cup was visible.
     He grabbed the shirt material by her belly and cut straight up, parting the
material as he went, exposing more milky white flesh as he cut.  Her rib cage was
exposed and now he reached the lower part of her bra.  He continued to cut until
he reached the neckline and held the material for an instant.  She held her
breath, watching what he was doing, watching his eyes narrow and watching the
cruel look on his face.  He let the dissected material go.  It hesitated for an
instant and then fell to the floor.  Her huge pink  bra encased breasts were
visible. It was a breathless sight, enough to make any prick hard.   The bottom
two inches of her breasts were exposed below the wire support.  Some of that
could be explained because of the tension in her body being raised up and
stretched so cruelly, but some had to be due to the largeness of those boobs. 
Her bra was solid on the bottom and about half way up contained flowery lace
print.  The bra had less material between her breasts, allowing for low cut tops
to be worn.  However, right now it allowed for a wonderful view of her massive
cleavage. " My dear", he began, " You have made a wonderful selection of your bra
today.  You knew that I would be looking at it.  I love that it is low cut and
pink. It's almost as if your breasts are ready to spring out to give me a show. 
That will happen soon.  Pink goes very nicely on bound, blonde  big boobed
bitches." Her breasts were bubbling out of the bra.  He watched them rise and
fall as she breathed. He watched as a droplet of sweat dripped from her neck and
slowly fell between her exquisite breasts, disappearing into the pinkness of her
bra. "I am now going to squeeze those massive boobs," he said. She violently
shook her head.  Many droplets of sweat flew off her head.  Some of her hair fell
in front of her face.  His fingers spidered up over those balloons and squeezed. 
She screamed in her gag, and could do nothing. She was totally defenseless, and
helpless, open to this breast man's ministrations. Her body was bathed in sweat
and some drool dripped out of her gag encased mouth and dropped in her right
breast holster.  He squeezed again and his fingers were engulfed.  His thumb
pressed over her bra while his other fingertips were on naked breast flesh.  She
felt him insert two fingers into the left bra cup until his fingers felt a softly
coiled nipple. He first rubbed it gently and then pinched it.  When she felt him
touch her breast and squeeze her nipple, she threw her head back throwing her
blond hair back and forth.  Her tears flowed freely down her cheeks and onto her
chest.  They rolled into each bra cup.  "Magnificent", he said.  "Your breasts
are firm, unbelievably so for their size. Excellent. They were certainly made for
me, cunt. Now, let's see the rest of this gorgeous body of yours.  I know you can
hardly wait to show me your goodies!"
     He stepped back for a second and recovered the scissors. He went to her
waist and undid the button of the jeans.  He slowly pulled the zipper down.  She
hung her head.  The waistband of her pink bikini panties was visible.  He pulled
the zipper all the way down.  The faint outline of her pubic triangle was
partially visible.  He took the scissors and cut from her left hip up to her
waist.  Her panties over her left hip were visible while the  shorts hung in
tatters.  He cut on the right side and the jeans fell to the floor, right next
to the ruined shirt.  Several blond sprigs of cunt hair were visible.  He rubbed
her ass again and rubbed around the waist band and also along and under the thigh
bands, but did not touch over her triangle. " Matching pink panties.  Just what
I would have hoped for.  You must have known you'd be on display for me today,"
he chortled. 
     He stood back and walked around his beautiful bound, stretched, helpless
and nearly naked blonde who was only wearing a matching set of revealing pink bra
and briefer panties.  Clearly, a third of her breasts were visible and the pink
panties were an attractive piece of clothing. You know the type, lots of ass
showing, and cut high on the hips.  They were very dainty panties.  Janice
whimpered and again attempted to get loose.  All she accomplished was to bounce
her breasts.  Her bra provided very little support and her bra and panties
provided very little protection. He humiliated her some more, "You certainly have
a wonderful body.  It looks very nice in your matching pink bra and panties. They
really accentuate your tits and ass.  Your tummy is smooth and flat.  You have
extremely nice long legs.  I like the rise and fall of your bra encased tits. 
Your panties don't totally hide your blonde triangle of public hair. I'm glad
that you ARE a natural blonde." She felt herself blushing much more at the
mention of her pubic hair. She sobbed and several tears trickled down her face.
" And, the curve of your ass, well, what can I say?  I can't wait however, to see
what they are hiding," he said with a wide smirk that made her blood run cold.
He saw that her tummy was flat with a deep navel.  He put his finger in her navel
and then moved his finger back up to her bra.  He rubbed the underside of her
breasts again and then rubbed the center of the right bra cup.  He was rewarded
when a small bump appeared.  Her nipple became erect.  He did the same to the
center of the left bra cup. Her left nipple bumped to attention also. She noticed
what he had done and willed her nipples to get soft, but she soon realized that
the tension of her position, her fright and his stimulation would not allow them
to go soft. 
     "I'm ready to see those massive breasts of yours stripped naked my dear",
he announced, "Are you ready to show them to me?"  She vigorously shook her head. 
"It doesn't matter what you want, cunt. I am going to see those massive boobs and
there isn't a thing that you can do about it," he replied.  He watched her eyes
grow wide and plead with him.  He just smiled and said, "I'm wondering what color
your nipples are.  I bet they're big and pink. I like big, fat long nipples that
are in full erection.  I love wrapping my tongue all around them and licking and
sucking them.  The bigger the better.  I also hope your nipples are sensitive. 
I love to drive big titted women crazy! And why do I like doing that?  Big titted
women always show off their tits in the low cut skimpy clothes they wear.  They
seem to be just begging to have someone scoop their tits out of their blouse and
bra and suck on them. I will do you the favor, my dear sweet big boobed bitch." 
She could not believe what she was hearing.  He took the scissors and cut the
left bra strap.  It snapped down over her left breast and the top part of the cup
went with it.  The nipple was still covered, however.  He did the same to the
right strap and the right cup moved downward.  One last time she shook her head
and mumbled through the gag. More drool dripped on her breasts.  Sweat dripped
down the sides of her body. He put the scissors between her breasts and on the
material between the two large cups and cut.  The bra sprung away and out bounced
her gigantic melons stripped naked for him to ogle.  And he did just that. The
ruined bra fell to the floor, next to the ruined shirt and the ruined shorts. 
It fell with the cups facing up.  His eyes did not leave those massive naked
tits.  Janice just hung her head and cried softly, not realizing her tears were
showering those naked boobs.  They were like small basketballs.  Large, round,
smooth and milky white.  In the center of each was a huge dark pink nipple.  From
the tension, fright and Sir John's stimulation, they were somewhat erect.  The
aureole were very large and encompassed about one fourth of her large breasts. 
Her tits sagged when the bra was removed.  He stared at them with abandon.  "You
have beautiful nipples, my dear," he said.  "They are exactly as I had hoped: 
big, pink and erect.  We'll see if we can make them even more erect." His fingers
touched each aureole and rubbed.  He squeezed each breast and twisted.   He
kneaded her breasts as if they were pizza dough and he were making a sausage
pizza.  He squeezed more gently, as if he were inspecting her melons because he
were deciding whether to purchase them. Her nipples became even more erect and
he told her so.  As he worked on her tits Janice had her eyes tightly shut and
was crying softly.  He told her to shut up.  She didn't.  
     He slapped her right breast causing it to sway back and forth.  He slapped
her left breast downward.  It swayed up and down several times.  He slapped five
more times, until she stopped crying.  The tops of her breasts were wet from
tears, sweat and drool.  He rubbed the moisture into her tits.
     He pulled on her nipples, elongating the tits.  He pinched them and teased
them.  The aureoles were traced and he pushed in on the nipples with his fingers. 
The nipples became longer and more rigid. The aureole became more wrinkled with
the unwilling stimulation.  She tried to move in her bonds in order to resist. 
He stopped what he was doing and just watched as she struggled.  "Please move
more, my dear," he said. "I really do like to watch a beautiful blonde's naked
tits bounce and shake like globs and globs of jello.  I'm enjoying the sight of
your nipples moving and jerking around."  After he said that to her, she
dejectedly stopped moving and realized how hopeless her situation was and how
helpless and defenseless she had become.  She stopped struggling, simply so as
not to encourage him.  However, he needed no encouragement.
     His  right hand reached for the scissor and she realized there was only one
thing left- her pink panties.  She burned with embarrassment.  He cut from her
left hip waistband down to her thigh band and the material snapped away.  He
walked around her noticing that her left ass cheek was bare and when he reached
her right side, the upper left blonde pubic triangle was visible.  He cut the
right side and the ruined dainty panties fell to the floor, next to the ruined
bra that was next to the ruined shorts and shirt.  All her clothes lay in
tatters.  She was completely naked.  Her triangle was bushy and full.  The hair
was dark blonde.  He patted it gently.  "Such blonde cunt hair and so soft also. 
You are a wonderful find," he crowed.  He slapped each ass cheek suddenly.  This
caused her body to lurch forward and her breasts to shake.  He took a tape
measure and placed it around her back and across the centers of her breasts. He
did the same around her waist and hips.  He announced, "You are a 38-24-38".  She
saw him go over to the buttons and he pushed one.  Immediately her legs started
to move apart.  Oh God! she thought, hasn't he done enough?  Her legs continued
to move and when they were four feet apart, he pushed the button again.  Her toes
were no longer on the floor and she was truly suspended from her wrists with all
her weight being borne by her shoulders.  Her skin was stretched tightly across
her rib cage and her breasts stood out proudly.  She tried to close her legs, but
she could not.  He moved between those legs and knelt slightly and looked
straight up at her.  It was an interesting view, sometimes seen on bondage
videos.  The camera zooms in from bottom looking upward.  Janice's cute vagina
was well splayed open showing the pink folds of her cunt lips and clitoris.  He
could see she was straining to close her legs.  "That's right cunt, strain
bitch", he said.  He pressed the button again and her legs moved another foot
apart.  She screamed in her gag.  She was on a modern rack and he was going to
stretch her some more.  He pressed another button and her arms moved apart.  He
stopped when they were three feet apart.  She looked like a starfish and felt
tremendous discomfort.  He smiled.
     "You're young and will stretch. In addition you are now stretched and
unable to move.  Your breasts are standing out and your stiff nipples are
pointing out at me just begging me to squeeze and lick them.  You are now in the
proper position," he said.  Her shoulders hurt. Sweat poured from her armpits
in rivulets down the sides of her body and dripped on the floor.  Sweat from her
forehead dripped into her eyes, burning them.  She kept them closed.  The drops
moved down her cheeks and dropped onto the tops of her milk wagons.  The droplets
continued down to her nipples and her nipples became like leaky faucets, dripping
to the floor. More sweat poured from her neck, down between her breasts, across
her rib cage and her taut tummy into her navel.  Her navel overflowed and
rivulets dripped down further, down into her pubic hair, matting it.  The sweat
collected from there and dripped to the floor, right onto her ruined bra.
     He looked upwards at her again.  Her cunt gaped open even more now.  He saw
her taut stomach and then her ribs.  Since her body was stretched so tightly, her
breasts showed very little sag now.  They were being pulled up by the tension in
her upper body. He inserted his middle finger into her cunt.  It was wet, not
from sexual arousal, but from perspiration.   "Arrggggh!" she yelled into her
gag.  Her head hung in shame, looking down at him.  He stood up and looked at her
and said, " One more thing will complete your stretching exercise and examination
today my dear."  He went behind her, and with a rope, tied her long blond hair
into a ponytail.  He then looped the rope in a ring on the floor and pulled. 
Her head went backwards.  When he finished, she was staring at the ceiling.  He
went back to between her legs and inserted his finger again as far as he could
go and moved it in and out, rubbing her cuntal petals as well as her clitoris. 
Janice tried to tighten her legs, but to no avail.  Her clitoris became erect and
he rubbed that also.
     Sir John stood up and announced, "You've a tight twat my dear.  I like that
in a woman. My initial examination is almost over for the day."  With that he
bent slightly and licked the underside of her left breast while he squeezed her
right nipple.  She moaned. He licked upward and around her left breast and then
her right jug.  He squeezed her right nipple while he licked the aureole of the
left.  Her nipples were responding, getting more and more erect as well as wetter
and wetter.  He licked around the right aureole and pinched the left nipple. 
Then, he placed his tongue directly on the left nipple and licked upward.  He
moved to the right nipple and licked downward.  He licked sideways to the left
and then to the right.  He licked the left nipple downward and the right upward. 
He placed his lips over the left nipple and sucked deeply drawing the whole
nipple into his mouth.  She tried to turn her head and body away, but she wasn't
going anywhere.  He took her left tit in his two hands and squeezed together,
bringing the nipple to his lips and again sucked deeply.  After five minutes of
this, her nipples  were brought to huge erection and she was breathing quite
deeply. Janice's nipples were very dark pink and dripping with saliva.  Her
breasts were red from his ministrations and she fainted.  Before he left her
hanging for the night, he bent and kissed her clitoris. He took one last look at
her naked body by walking around her.  "Tomorrow", he began with a huge leering
stare at her erect nipples, "will not be as gentle. Tomorrow you will have to
perform!"  

     When Janice awoke the next morning it was to wetness on her nipples and
pressure from her breasts. She was startled awake by Sir John squeezing and
fondling her breasts while also licking and sucking her nipples.  They were long
and in full erection.  "Good morning my naked beauty," he said.  "I hope you've
slept comfortably.  Today is another full day."  She cringed at this statement. 
Sir John released the rope holding her head back and he massaged her neck with
some grease before she moved it forward.  There was only slight soreness.  He
also pressed the buttons on the desk and gradually the chains increased their
slack and she found herself standing on the floor naked before him.  She flexed
her thighs and shoulders.  They were rather sore from her ordeal the night
before.   Her gag was still in her mouth and she found it strange that he hadn't
removed it.  He looked at her and said, "Go through that door, there's a bathroom
and a tub.  There's also makeup and an outfit for you to put on.  Come out in one
hour and use everything that is on the counter. You may remove the gag, but you
are not to talk or you will be whipped on your ass and tits.  Is that
understood?"  She nodded yes and the chains now were slacked enough that she
could actually walk under her own power.  She opened the door and went in.
     The bathroom was luxurious and the chains went just far enough for her to
do her business.  She removed the gag and worked on her mouth.  Her bath was
wonderful.  After toweling dry, she saw the makeup and used the black eye liner
and the rouge. She used the deodorant as well as the feminine hygiene spray.  A
note  indicated she was to put some rouge on her nipples.  She blushed, but did
as she was told, the makeup making the nipples redder.  Another note said that
what she was to wear what was in the small box on the counter.  Finally, she
wouldn't be naked any longer.  The teenager opened the box and blinked back her
tears.  The box contained a hot pink mini-string bikini.  This wasn't going to
cover very much of her.  She realized rather rapidly that this was the point. 
She stepped into the G-string, which barely covered her pubic triangle.  As a
matter of fact the upper right and left corners were plainly visible.  The
bottoms were for a woman who shaved her pubic area.  The top part of the bikini
consisted of a string and two small triangles.  After putting it in and adjusting
it, she looked in the mirror.  Her nipples were covered, the outer areas of the
aureoles were uncovered.  When she moved her tits bounced  as if she had nothing
on.  The G-string left her whole ass bare.
     The hour was up and it was time to leave.  She shuddered thinking about
what was next.  When she left the bathroom and came back into the study, there
was an odd looking table in the middle of the room.  It looked similar to a table
in the gynecologist's office she went to once, but there were small runners
spread apart on one end and a ledge on either side of the table on the other. 
Sir John motioned to the table and she was forced to lie down on her back.  Her
legs were placed on the runners.  Her ankle cuffs were secured to the ends of the
runners and other straps that she did not see went around her calves and lower
thighs.  The table, she noticed seemed to be in various sections and her head was
on one section.  Her arms were placed directly over her head and secured to the
other end of the table with her cuffs.  Her breasts separated somewhat and the
inner parts of her aureoles were plainly visible.  With her legs separated by
about two feet, the triangle did little to cover her anal crease.  Sir John came
over to the table and pressed a button and the table expanded in length which
caused her to stretch out.  She was now taut and frightened, not knowing what was
going to happen next.  What happened next was that Sir John put a wide leather
band on her forehead and attached it to either side of the table.  Another
leather band was secured to the table near her right ear, went under her chin and
was secured near her left ear.  With the two bands, she could not move her head.
     He came over to her with some small contraption and made her open her
mouth.  The contraption was fitted in her mouth.  It consisted of a small metal
object with ledges that went behind her upper and lower front teeth.  The ledges
met at a hinge near the roof of her mouth.  Sir John pressed a button and she
heard a low sound and to her astonishment, her mouth began to open.  It opened
wider than she ever thought possible. Janice began to scream.  "Don't worry, it
won't break your jaw," said Sir John.  Another button on the table was pressed
and the head rest section moved upward.  This caused her open mouthed head to
move so that her chin was now resting on her chest.  She looked straight down her
body, past her breasts, her tummy and could see her separated legs.   Another
button, caused her legs to separate until she thought they would break.  It must
have been five feet.  
     Janice lay on the table almost completely naked with the nipple coverings
doing a poor job.  Her breasts had fallen to the sides of her body.  Her legs
were wide open.  Her panty covering did little to cover anything.  Her mouth was
wide opened and her head was tilted in such a way that her chin was on her chest. 
Her arms were straining from being back so far, with her head forward.
     Sir John placed another leather strap across her waist and tightened, it
so much as to decrease her waist size by at least two inches.  He watched her
tits rise and fall with her rapid breathing.  With her tummy compressed, her
boobs looked even larger, if that was possible.  He walked around her and made
sure she was to his liking and he then spoke. She looked at him with dilated and
humid eyes.  Once again she was helpless.
     "Janice", he asked, "Have you ever had a man's penis in your mouth?"  She
mumbled no and began to fight the restraints.  He noticed some movement of her
body.  He placed another leather strap across her body, just below her tits and
secured it and then pressed a button on the table and she was stretched a little
more.  Her arms and shoulders ached. "Janice, I guess you also have never
swallowed a man's semen?" he asked with a leer on his face.  She tried to move,
but could not.  "Well", he said derisively, "There's always a first time and that
first time will be in a little while." She tried to close her mouth, but
couldn't. She tried to move her arms, but couldn't.  She tried to move her legs,
but couldn't.  There was some perceptible movement by her chest and all she
accomplished was to vibrate her naked breasts.  Her body began to sweat. 
Defenseless and helpless to do anything.  Sir John set up three chairs around the
table and as an afterthought, indicated that some good friends were coming over
to watch.  She blinked back tears.  He was entertaining friends and she was going
to be the entertainment.
     She lay there for what seemed like hours, but in reality was only five
minutes.  Sir John came back into the room with three other men who were all
about the same age and seemed to give an air of wealth.  One man said, "John, you
really have a find this time,  Her tits are the biggest I've ever seen. Are they
for real?"  Sir John told him to see for himself.  The man walked over to the
bound and humiliated blonde and grabbed each of her mammoth mammaries with his
hands.  She just squeaked.  "May I?" he asked.  "Of course," Sir John replied. 
The man took out a little pocketknife, opened it up and cut away her top.  It
hardly hid anything, but removing it emphasized just how defenseless she was. 
He bent his head, stuck out his tongue and licked her right nipple.  He then
licked her left nipple and pinched the right.  He began to noisily suck on the
left nipple drawing all of it into his mouth.  He chewed and nibbled, elongating
her left breast.  She didn't even know who the man was and yet he was sucking her
nipples.  He released the nipple and repeated his activity with her right nipple. 
When he was finished her nipples were erect and glistening.  Another man liked
her natural blonde triangle and he removed her panty piece. She was completely
naked. He stroked her cuntal petals that were yawning at him.  Her legs were so
widely gaping that the cuntal lips were wide open.  He bent closer and she was
revolted when he stuck his tongue out and licked her clitoris.  He licked up and
back.  He inserted his tongue into the vaginal slit and moved it around.  Despite
herself she started to breath more deeply.  They all watched the rise and fall
of her breasts.
     While the strange man continued to lick her cunt, despite her protests, Sir
John removed his pants and underwear.  His penis was in half erection, was long
and bulbous.  "Now my dear, you get your chance to have a man's penis in you
mouth."  She tried to twist away, but she knew it was useless.  "While my penis
enters your mouth you will be giving me a good tit fuck. "  With that, he climbed
onto her chest, just below her big boobs and put his feet on the ledges on either
side of the table.  With his hands, he grabbed the outer sides of her breasts and
pushed them together.  He pushed his penis in between her tits and thrust forward
until  just the head was near her lips.  She cringed, groaned and tried to turn
away, but they all knew, she couldn't. 
     Sir John moved backwards and thrust forward again, this time the head of
his dick entered her mouth and touched her tongue.  She moved her tongue away. 
Sir John took his thumb and forefinger and gripped each nipple of her breasts,
and squeezed very firmly.  She screamed.  He said, "My dear, each time you move
your tongue out of the way, I will squeeze harder and my friend who is viewing
your cunt will do the following:  Fred, if you please!"  She felt a sudden
horrible pain on her clitoris.  The man called Fred had bitten her.  She screamed
again.  "Now then, Janice, I will enter you again."  He pushed her breasts
together and moved his penis forward and this time more of the head and shaft
entered her gaping mouth.  Instinctively, she pulled her tongue away again.  Sir
John pulled back, put his mouth to her left nipple and bit it.  She screamed
twice, for while her nipple was bitten, her clitoris was also bitten.  "Janice,
stick out your tongue! Or you will only cause yourself more pain to your cunt and
tits."  Reluctantly, and with utter defeat and humiliation, Janice stuck her
tongue out.  Saliva dribbled off it and rolled in the valley between her breasts. 
Sir John didn't say anything' but he thrust again and this time her tongue rubbed
against the head and shaft of his penis as he entered her mouth.  He leaned
forward and half of it was engulfed.  When he retreated, the penis was glistening
with her saliva.  He continued to push her breasts together and thrust through
the valley.  It became easier and easier, since saliva coated the shaft and acted
as a lubricant.  Her eyes were tightly shut and she tried to blot out what was
happening.  
     "Janice, OPEN YOUR EYES", he commanded.  She hesitated and Sir John bit her
right nipple.  She  felt pain from her crotch.  Her clitoris had been bitten
again.  Her tear filled eyes opened and she saw the head of his penis coming
slowly through her tit opening rub against her extended tongue and enter her
mouth.  The head hit the back of her throat and she coughed.  He kept the penis
in her mouth and again thrust.  "I'm going to ejaculate very shortly, Janice. 
You will swallow!"  Did she have a choice?  She grunted and whimpered and felt
him tense and with a final thrust through her tits, he entered her mouth and
spurted semen in the back of her throat.  While he was ejaculating, she felt him
squeezing her nipples very hard.  He continued to spasm, she swallowed and then
he withdrew and rubbed some remaining semen and saliva around the large aureole
of her breasts.  "Excellent, Janice.  With some training you should become a good
penis sucker.  With that he got off her and she looked around and all three of
his friends were jerking off.  Their penises were aimed at her tits and face. 
Almost all at once, she was showered with cum.  It dripped over her breasts, her
belly.  Some hit her face and dripped from her nose into her mouth.  She could
do nothing.  Each man put the tip of his penis on her aureoles and made circular
movements, tracing the areola with his penis until the penis directly touched
the nipple, whereby he pushed and her breasts were pushed inward by the force of
the erect penis.  When each man got off her he viciously slapped her breast. 
It swayed back and forth.  Darkness finally came when she fainted.  

     Later that day Sir James untied Janice, and retied her in the bath tub and
filled the tub with warm soothing water to wash away the dried semen on her body. 
She then was put to sleep for the night with an injection.  The injection also
contained food sources.
     The next morning Janice woke up and found herself reattached to the table. 
She was still naked.  Her arms were stretched well beyond her head and her legs
were tied in a deep split.  Her thighs hurt because they were so stretched.  Sir
John pressed a button on the table and she felt her legs move.  The ankles move
back and her knees moved up in the air.  She gasped as she tried to prevent the
movement.  When the movement stopped her knees were practically  on either side
of her hips!  She felt so exposed, and she was!  Her cunt was split into a large
opening.  Her petals were spread wide and the view was magnificent!  Her ass
cheeks were clearly exposed as was her anal opening.  Sir John walked between her
legs and said, "Ah, Janice, this is a much better view of your vagina.  It is
beautiful surrounded by blond hair and it's so pink and spread wide."  She wanted
to bury herself.  Sir John continued to inspect with his eyes and then inserted
his index finger into her cunt.  It went in very smoothly.  He walked around to
her face and peered into her wide tear filled eyes and said, "Janice, you're 19
and it appears as though you never had a man's penis in your big cunt.  Is that
true?"  She just looked away from him.  She felt his hand slowly move down her
cheek to her huge breast and squeeze it.  She winced.  She said nothing.  He
moved his fingers slowly to the plump pink nipple and pinched it.   She closed
her eyes in tortured pain, but still did not respond.  He moved his mouth over
the nipple and first licked it, then sucked it.  It became wet and erect.  She
felt his teeth close around her erect nipple and he began to bite it.  He chewed
it and she threw her head back in pain.  "I'll ask you again my dear, have you
ever had a penis in your cunt?" he asked with a huge grin on his face.  She shook
her head. "Then this is your lucky day", he began, "Because I'm going to be the
first to fuck you!"  She tried to move, but she couldn't.  She now realized why
she was in the position she was in.  Her lower body was all pussy and there was
no way she could reject his dick.
     She watched in utter defeat as he removed his towel surrounding his groin
area and his large erect penis grazed the widespread petals of her defenseless
pussy.  It touched her clitoris and she could feel the bulbous head moving down
toward her love channel.  Ever so slowly she felt it being inserted into her. 
Sir John had a widespread smirk on his face as he quickly shoved his tool to the
hilt.  She screamed as her cherry burst and he started to slowly remove his dick,
but not all the way.  He started the inward movement again.  She sweated and
turned her head from side to side, but she knew she was helpless.  Now Sir John
established a rhythm  of thrust and withdraw.  Her body was pushed and pulled
with his movement.  Her huge tits started to jiggle up and down and wobble from
side to side.  He watched with fascination the pattern her fat and swollen
nipples made with the movement of her breasts.  He felt himself coming so he
withdrew and rubbed the glistening penis with his hand.  His orgasm exploded
across her belly and up to the lower sides of her tits.  He saw a few drops of
semen fill her wide navel, and he even spotted a drop on her left nipple.  "Bulls
eye!" he exclaimed.  She cried and then fainted.
     He took some cold water and poured it on her face and breasts.  She looked
magnificent with her wet glistening body stretched out as she awakened.
     Janice was left on the table.  She fell asleep with exhaustion and
humiliation.  At some point during the night she felt a pin prick to her arm, but
that was all she remembered.  Actually she was drugged by Sir John and was
removed from the table. She was dumped into the shower and cleaned up.  He even
rubbed a soap filled sponge all over her body, lingering on her tits and cunt. 
The drug was so strong that she did not regain consciousness.
     She awoke the next morning in a bed in a spread-eagled position.  Something
was tickling her vagina.  She looked down and screamed.  It was a huge German
Shepard licking her clitoris.  Sir John said, "Don't move Janice, Bull doesn't
like to be disturbed while he is eating.  We stuffed your cunt with some of his
favorite tasting food and he's just getting it now.  She twisted and turned
making her jello mounds shake and shimmy.  "Janice," Sir John began," You've been
here several days now and you still wish to excite me by shaking those huge
knockers that you have.  I just love your nipples flying in all directions.  It's
such a prick hardening sight. But, Bull has sharp teeth and I don't want him to
nip you."  She stopped struggling, but was disgusted at what was happening. 
"Bull, over here, boy," Sir John directed.  He took a jar of some goo and spread
it right on Janice's breasts and nipples.  Bull climbed right up onto Janice and
started to lick all over her breasts.  To her horror another dog took Bull's
place at her cunt and continued to eat her out.  "Janice, meet Rover!" Sir John
laughed.  The dogs continued for quite a while.  Her nipples were well oiled by
the big tongue of the dog and her clit was vibrating.  After three orgasms, she
fainted.
     A few hours later, after she had been bathed, she was again spread eagled
in the bed.  "Janice, you will be auctioned off tonight to the highest bidder,"
Sir John explained.  "When they buy you, you will be going with your new master. 
Your new master will discipline you if you do not behave. So, if you think things
were rough here, you ain't seen nothing if you misbehave.  Your master only wants
a sex slave.  He doesn't want a creature who thinks or one who has a brain.  You
have the right equipment."  With that he patted her creamy ass cheeks, soft silky
blonde pubic hair, flat tummy and squeezed each full  breast.  "Each bidder,
there are three, will not be allowed to touch you, but you will be on display so
that they can inspect you.  You will be partly dressed, but I dare say, you will
still feel and be naked."
     During the afternoon Janice lay nervously in the bed wondering what was
going to happen to her.  She could feel a tremendous pit in her stomach and she
conjured up what would occur.  Who were these men who would dare think she was
a commodity that could be bought and sold like a piece of equipment?  Then she
remembered her first day with  Sir John when he told her that she would be sold
to white slavers.  She started to cry softly with tears rolling down her cheeks. 
She struggled in her bonds, but the only thing that accomplished was to swing her
huge breasts from left to right.  About five in the afternoon, a small box was
brought in by Sir John and put on the foot of the bed.  She was about to ask him
what that was and he replied, "Why my dear, it is your clothing for this
evening's events."  She thought that the box was so tiny as to fit almost
nothing.  He read her mind, "I told you, you would  only be partly dressed and
that you would still be, or feel naked."  With that he opened the box and removed
its contents.  Her heart sank.  It was a micro string bikini that was
translucent!  It would hardly cover anything and one could see almost through it. 
It was also a hot pink color.  "My dear, remember these buyers are interested in
your ass cheeks, cunt, pubic hair, your tummy, and obviously your boobs and
nipples.  They will not buy what they can not see!"  
     He removed a cloth from his pocket and took a bottle from the night table
near the bed and poured some of its contents on the cloth and put it over her
face.  She tried to hold her breath, but eventually she had to breath and she
lost consciousness almost instantly.  While she was unconscious, Sir John fucked
and sucked her for the last time, making sure to enjoy her large nipples.  Then
she was bathed, her hair was blown dry and she was dressed.
     When Janice regained consciousness , she was back in Sir John's study tied
and stretched as she was on her first day.  Her ankles were attached to cuffs
from chains attached to the floor and her long legs were spread to impossible
distances--at least four or five feet.  Her toes were just off the floor.  Her
wrists were reaching for the ceiling and were at 45-degree angles with her body. 
Her micro string bikini had been placed on her body and the top part consisted
of two large nipple dots that went over her nipples.  The diameter was not large
enough to cover the whole areola however, so over three quarters of each breast
and some pink areola was visible.  In addition, the nipples themselves could be
seen through the dots.  Her bottoms consisted of a triangle tied around her waist
with one string and between her legs and through her ass cheeks with another. 
The triangle allowed about an inch of blond public hair to be seen all around and
more of her pubic triangle could be seen through the material.   However, as the
view moved to her widely splayed slit, the material became opaque.  The potential
buyer could only see her cunt after making the purchase.  Her ass was naked as
was her back, belly, legs and for all intents and purposes, her breasts.  Thus,
the bikini served two purposes:  It allowed the buyer to see and view her body,
and it also hid her most secret treasure.
     Sir John looked at her up and down and pressed a button.  The chains moved
and so did her body so as to face a blank wall in the study.  He put two large
spot lights on her.  He then brought over an apparatus that he inserted into her
mouth and to her consternation made her mouth stay open.  She could not close it! 
 "After all Janice, " he began, "Each man wants to see your tongue and imagine
it licking around his hard swollen penis."  She wondered about the positioning
of the way her body faced and that the spot lights were on her and were quite
warm.  They were beginning to make her sweat.  Her body started to glisten in the
white light.  Sir John moved away and pressed a series of buttons and the walls
that she was facing moved apart and she found herself on a small stage in a small
auditorium with enough seats for about 30.  Only three were occupied .  She could
not make out their faces since she had the lights pointing at her.
     "Gentlemen, Sir John began, " May I present Janice to you.  She stands 
5'7"and weighs 125 pounds.  She is 19 years old and is a natural blond as your
inspection will discern.  She measures in at 38-24-38 and her breast size is 38
DD." At the mention of her cup size, she hung her head.  This was embarrassing
and she heard the men murmuring. " Her nipples are quite large and pink as you
will discover.  They also seem to be quite sensitive.  In addition they are quite
long when in full erection.," Sir John droned on. "Gentlemen, her cunt is tight
and she provides a fairly good fuck.  She does need training, however.  In
addition, she has a large tongue that will make you most happy.  Gentlemen, I
give you Janice!"  With that the men clapped, got up and came up to her and
peered intently at her body.  They inspected every inch of her nakedness.  She
could see the leers and the grins as they looked at her tits and cunt.  They even
got between her legs to look at her asshole and the point of the triangle.  They
bent close so they could see her blond pubic hair sticking out of the material. 
One man almost touched the tip of his nose to her left breast as he was
inspecting her tit.  Each man licked his lips in anticipation.  They were not
allowed to touch her however, unless they bid for her.  One man asked, "John,
have you let her taste the whip?"  Janice looked up in total shock and surprise. 
How could they even think of something like that she thought to herself.  But
then, look what they have already done, so actually any thing was possible.  Sir
John responded, "No I haven't.  She has not given me any real cause, but I
suspect that she would mark nicely and if you aim just right she would give you
a very good tit dance."  The men laughed at that last remark.  
     Janice knew what that meant.  She was going to be whipped by one of these
buyers on her breasts.  Her tits would shake and roll all over.  In addition she
probably would be twisting and turning to avoid the whip and that would cause
very provocative movements in her luscious mounds.  She started to weep.  Sir
John came over to her and quietly told her, "Janice, if you keep up this
disgusting display of emotional outburst, I will allow one of my guests the treat
of whipping you now so that we can all see your boobs dance around the room." 
With that threat, she immediately attempted to control herself.  
     The men continued to inspect her and make lascivious comments about her
nearly naked body.  Most of the comments were about her beauty and the size of
her tits.  It was as if she didn't exist, just a piece of meat hanging for a
butcher's inspection, only she was the meat and she did exist.  After a few
minutes, the men returned to their seats and the bidding began.  She heard the
opening bid at $500,000 and she couldn't believe her ears.  Within minutes the
bidding went well over $2,000,000.  At $2.5 million dollars, the bidding stopped. 
An ugly mean looking man was the winner.  She shuddered, shook, tried to shriek
in her gag.  At that amount of money, what was she expected to do?!  The man,
named Peter, paid and she overheard him being told that she would be shipped
within the hour.  Something was put over her nose and she lost consciousness. 
Her body was removed from its bonds and she was taken by servants and dressed in
a bright red low cut bra and brief French cut bikini panties, short skirt and
blouse. Then Janice was tied up in a hog tie with arms behind her back and ankles
tied together and bent backwards and tied to her wrists.  She was put into a
shipping crate and was transported to a  small airport, where a plane took off
carrying her to an island in the Caribbean.
     It was a beautiful island, very private and desolate.  Only Peter lived
there with some servants.  They loved the island and liked living there.  They
were extremely loyal and knew that Peter sometimes bought a slave.  When she
awoke she was spread eagled on a bed in a strange room with her clothes on.  She
jerked in her bonds, but she wasn't going anywhere. There was a cool breeze on
her exposed legs that were spread wide.
     A male servant walked into the room and said, "Good morning Janice.  You
are on a private island in the ocean and are now owned by Sir Peter.  He will
want you to call him Sir Peter.  You are here to simply serve him in any capacity
he wishes.  I am employed to prepare you for him each day or hour as the case
might be.  If you misbehave, you will be whipped.  I dare say that your big boobs
would be the likely targets since they are your best characteristic."  At the
mention of her breasts being whipped, she looked up at him with wide eyed
grimaces.  He also stared at her exposed thighs.  The short skirt was almost up
to her waist and her red panties were clearly visible. After all she had been
through, she still was embarrassed by being bound and naked and shocked at what
they said they wanted to do to her.  She was 19 years old and a sex slave to
someone she didn't even know.  She knew only that in a little while, she'd be
naked.
     The door opened to her room and in walked Sir Peter.  He looked younger
than Sir John, but seemed meaner in his manner.  He looked at her for a second,
allowing his eyes to hesitate on her twin mounds that were somewhat flattened
since she was on her back and spread-eagled. He also appreciated her exposed
legs.  He said to the servant, "I want her brought to me in 15 minutes in her bra
and panties with her arms tied behind her neck and chains on her ankles."  With
that he left the room.  Janice was wide eyed and knew that this Peter was no
better and was probably worse than John.  After all, John did not pay $2.5
million for her services.   The servant took a big fabric scissors and cut the
blouse off her body.  He was careful not to touch her breasts.  He couldn't help
staring at her bra encased boobs, which made his prick harden at the sight.  The
skirt came next and she lay there in her bra and French cut bikini panties.   Her
wrists were tied together behind her neck with a rope connecting them to her
waist so she could not bring them to rest anywhere except at her neck.  Her
ankles were shackled  and she was led with small steps out of her room, down a
corridor and into the "playroom" of Sir Peter.  The whips and chains and metal
hooks at various places on the floor, walls and ceiling indicated many ways of
restraint.
     Sir Peter was waiting at the desk.  She stood before him and the servant
left.  She was standing with her arms raised and behind her neck, which left her
underarms exposed and her breasts thrusting in the low cut red bra.  Her panties,
she realized from the breeze on her ass had no back.  They were only a triangle
in the front with small spaghetti straps connected to a small triangle at the
base of her ass checks.  Her pubic hair however was covered.  Sir Peter spoke,
"Janice,  I bought you because I want to play with you.  You have the right toys--
big breasts, large nipples and a nice ass and cunt.  If you do not play with me
you will be whipped on those toys I just mentioned."  She shook as he spoke.  All
the whips around the room made his threats real to her.  He continued, "All you
have to do to avoid whipping is to obey me instantly with no complaints no matter
what I ask of you.  Do I make myself clear?"  He looked up at her.  She was not
gagged.  "Yes," she said.  "Yes, what?" he asked in a louder and demanding voice. 
"Yes, Sir Peter," she sobbed.  He nodded.
     "Janice, I want to watch your tits bounce.  Please jump up and down ten
times," he said.  She looked at him as if he were dirt, but thought better of
saying anything and jumped up and down.  Her bra went up and down as did her
body, but her breasts went faster.  He sat and watched as she embarrassed
herself.  At ten she stopped.  "That was very good Janice, your tits were really
moving, but something was missing. Do you know what that was?"  She didn't know. 
He replied, "Why my dear I saw no nipples bouncing, and why was that?  Well it's
because your big bra is covering those very big luscious nipples of yours."  She
groaned and had tears in her eyes.  "You didn't think you were going to stay in
you bra and panties very long, did you?"  With that he walked around the table
and unceremoniously unhooked her massive bra and it fell to the floor, exposing
her naked tits to his bugged eyes.  Her panties were next.  She stood before this
man stark naked with her ankles tied together and her arms around the back of her
neck with her elbows pointing to the ceiling.  He squeezed each large nipple and
rubbed them in his fingers.  "Now jump," he said.  She started jumping and her
tits really danced up and down rather rapidly.  He attempted to follow her
nipples, but they were moving in a blur.  He also watched her wonderful blond
public triangle move also.  She started to sweat from her exercise.  When she
stopped he moved over to her and asked, "Janice, what do your succulent nipples
taste like?"  She had no idea what to say.  "Well," he said, "let's find out!" 
With that he bent slightly and started to suck on her left nipple while she had
to just stand there.  He drew the nipple into his mouth and swirled his tongue
around it several times.  He did the same to her other nipple.  After a few
minutes, her nipples were in full erection.  He bent down and patted her cunt
hair several times, up and down, each time his fingers inserted themselves deeper
in her vagina, until finally his fingers were knuckle deep.  Her body shuddered
and she tried to pull away.  He put his other hand to her back and with a
sinister voice said, "Janice, I did not tell you to move, did I?"  She said with
a defeated expression, "No, you didn't".  "Didn't WHAT?", he thundered?  She
looked at him in bewilderment and fear.  He saw she didn't know what he was
talking about.  "You're beautiful, but dumb.  When you respond to me, you answer
with Master or Sir Peter. Is that clear?" he demanded.  "Yes", she indicated. 
Sir Peter just looked at her and said that he didn't think she understood
anything and that she would have to be punished. 
     She shook her head vigorously, but he wasn't even looking any longer.  He
went to a cabinet and pulled out a bunch of equipment that made no sense to her. 
He moved her to the wall and took large cuffs and put them around her elbows and
pressed a button.  Her elbows and her arms started to move upward until she
thought that her shoulders would be pulled from their sockets.  Since her hands
were behind her neck and her elbow straight above her,  her chest arched and her
big boobs thrust outwardly.  He put leather cuffs on her ankles  and pressed
another button on the wall.  Her legs were pulled apart to the breaking point
where she started screaming.  Her legs were almost 180 degrees apart.  He had a
magnificent view of her crotch.  Her public triangle looked more like two small
half triangles.  Since her legs were so wide apart, her cunt was hugely split
open so that her vaginal lips separated her pubic hair. She figured her
deep split made for a rather enticing spectacle. "Good view," he commented as he
exaggerated his looking.  He pressed the elbow button and she was stretched some
more and her tits stood out more also.  
     Her body started to tremble from the impossible position she was made to
assume.  Her breasts bounced slightly like shimmering jello mounds with red
cherries  on the top.  She tried desperately to close her legs and lower her
elbows, but her gestures were useless.  She tried to stop from shaking, but could
not.  She watched him unravel the ominous equipment he had brought over to her. 
There were several rectangular boxes and wires coming from those boxes and metal
clips attached to those wires.  She cringed.  When he saw her cringe, he laughed
and said," Yes, my dear, we will be giving you a shocking experience. I am able
with this device that I invented, to shock just certain parts of your luscious
body, or your whole body as I wish.  Now let's start our fun, or, should I say 
your pain and my fun."  With that he took one box and attached a clip to her
right breast nipple.  The clip was not on the nipple , but on the aureole of the
nipple.  He attached another clip on the other side of the nipple, but also on
the aureole.  She tried to shake the clips off, but they were going anywhere. 
He repeated the process for the left nipple, but those wires came from a second
box.  Another set of wires were attached to her upper  and lower left breast and
her upper and lower right breast.  Another set of wires were attached to her
outer and inner portions of her right and left breasts.  Now it looked as though
she were a telephone switchboard.  Another set were attached to her navel. She
again tried to shake the clips off, but she was losing the battle. All she
accomplished was to bounce her breasts around and she learned from Sir John that
was exactly the desired effect, so she tried to remain still.  She was becoming
horrified.  
     Sir Peter noticed the terror in her eyes and said, "You should be
frightened my dear, and we haven't finished yet.  These shocks will be painful,
they will hurt.  You will be nothing after these shocks.  You will always obey
me after this because you will not want  a repeat performance.  Now we must
attend to your exquisite blonde covered vagina."  She practically died while he
was speaking.  She couldn't stop shaking.  She started crying.  He put a set of
clips on her clitoris, which hurt.  Clips were placed on her left vaginal lip and
on her right vaginal lip.  Then he took a probe that was about five inches long
with small nipple like devices on it and showed it to her.  He said, " You know
where this is going don't you?  You will feel the pain to your very being.  It's
big, put it will fit."  He pushed the probe like object to her pussy and then
inserted it slightly.  It was attached to several wires.  He shoved it all the
way in.   She bucked at being fucked by the probe.  A similar probe was inserted
into her mouth and taped tight.  She cringed.
     Janice hung near the wall by her elbows with her tits thrusting out, her
legs so wide open that her pubic triangle was now two, her inner thighs were
trembling as was the rest of her taut and sweating body with a probe in her mouth
and cunt and wires attached to her breasts, nipples and navel.  "Well, my dear,
we are ready," he said with a broad smile on his face.
     He pressed a button and a wild vibrating,  burning sensation passed through
her right nipple.  Her head snapped upward and her nipple quivered and her tit
shook.  "That was only your nipple and only at a quarter of the power," he said. 
He pressed another button and her left nipple vibrated and burned with pain.  
She screamed in frustrated helplessness that this fiend was going to pass
unbearable currents of electricity through her body and most private, intimate
and as of now vulnerable parts.  A third button was pressed and her left breast
gyrated as the electricity went up and down and sideways through her breast.  He
watched in satisfaction as her breast bounced and swayed up and down and
sideways.  He pressed two buttons and both nipples vibrated, then four buttons
and she screamed and screamed as her spectacular breasts responded to the
electrical current swaying and bouncing and bubbling all over her chest.  "You
make my penis hard, cunt, with your tits bouncing all over the place.  That's
even better than when you were jumping up and down.  Her nipples were in full
erection from the currents passage from one side of her aureole to the other. 
Her body was shimmering in  sweat.  A new button was pressed and her mouth looked
as if it were sucking on something as the current passed down her throat.  She
kept shaking.  Her navel was next.  And then... with out so much as a warning she
felt her vagina vibrating and burning.  Her eyes rolled and her sweat soaked body
tensed and attempted to expel the cunt probe.  Her underarms were flowing with
perspiration and rivers of sweat were forming down the sides of her body.  Sweat
dripped off her face, down her chest.  Sweat was dripping off her breasts and
nipples and flowing down to her navel and into her split open pussy.  "Get ready
my dear,"  he said.  She shivered.  It was full power to every wire.  He did not
turn it off.  It stayed on!! She was dancing in her bonds.  Her tits were being
bounced by their wires and her body was bounced by her probes.  She had tears in
her eyes.  She was screaming, she had drool running out of her mouth, running
down her neck, running down over her breasts, nipples and torso and into her
pussy.  She was turning into jelly, sagging and bouncing.  He sat back and
clapped his hands in time to the current spikes as she did a new gyrating body
and tit dance He didn't even try to follow the jiggling nipples.  Her head turned
from side to side.  All she felt was the burning and vibrating of her mouth,
breasts, belly, pussy, inside her pussy and her nipples.  Her whole body shook
as if in a convulsion, gyrating, sweating, drooling, tearing, and now her nose
emitted snot and it ran in twin tracks down her face and body.  Lubricating juice
was flowing from her pussy.  She lost control and urinated.  And still he was
sadistically laughing and clapping to her torture.  She would do anything to have
this horror stopped, anything.  He was right.  In order to never feel this again,
she would do what ever he wanted as quickly as she could.  But she would worry
about that later since she was still in such pain.  He kept mentioning that her
breasts were giving him a hard on and that he was struck by the velocity of her
gyrating, bouncing, floundering, bubbling, swaying naked breasts and nipples. 
Her body continued to move and she felt another sensation, her body position was
changing, she was moving up in the air, off the ground and then the chains that
held her moved in such a manner that she was in a horizontal position, face down
about two feet off the floor.  The pain stopped in her breasts and nipples and
she felt the clips being removed.  Her tits were still horribly bouncing because
she still felt the electrical jolts everywhere else.  She saw him move under her
body and remove his pants and underwear.  His large penis was erect and he
positioned her body so that her gyrating breasts were right on his penis.  Her
sweat and drool lubricated her nipples and breasts enough so that when her tits
rubbed his penis, they slid on and off, giving him a great tit fuck.  He stayed
like that, her pained body stimulated by the electricity, in a face down position
with her large breasts stimulating his dick.  His penis became buried in her
breasts.  He scooted down and grabbed her left breast and licked and sucked her
nipple.  This was no mean feat since her nipple was a moving target.  She was
raised up slightly so that just her nipples and areolas were stimulating his
penis.  Finally he ejaculated on her boobs, big gobs of cum and he then he
stopped the electricity, pulled out the pussy probe and inserted his penis in its
place.  After the seventh thrust, he came again.  Unfortunately for her, she was
still conscious.  She hung in the horizontal position and her huge melons were
still moving, first from the swaying of her body from the fucking and second and
foremost, she couldn't stop her body from vibrating  from the shocks that she
endured.  He again grabbed her breasts, they were swollen from the stimulation
and shock.  He greedily sucked and licked her nipples.  He stretched her nipples
with his teeth.  When he bit her right nipple, finally darkness enveloped her. 

     When she awoke, she was strapped to her bed in a spread eagle position with
Sir Peter sitting on her chest.  He said, "I hope you have learned what's in
store for you when you disobey me."  She responded, "Yes, Sir Peter."  "Good, now
I'm going to insert my penis into your mouth. What are you going to do?" he asked
with a sneer on his face.  He had the head of his penis an inch from her mouth
waiting for her reply.  She, with total defeat and humiliation said, so as not
to ever again have that shock, "I will lick and suck your penis until you cum in
my mouth and I will swallow if you want me to.  I will rub your penis with my big
tits and make sure that my nipples stimulate the head of your penis if that is
what you want Sir Peter,"  "Good, " he said, "You are learning and what if I want
to stick my penis into your pussy?' he asked.  She said," I will wrap my pussy
around your penis and try to satisfy you and at the same time I will make sure
my nipples are up tilted so as to enter your mouth.  You would be able to suck
or lick or bite them as you fuck my pussy, Sir Peter."   "Well,"  he said, "Let's
get started."  He inserted his penis into her mouth and thrust back and forth. 
His fingers squeezed her nipples while her tongue laved up his dick.  
     After fucking her twat and sucking her big pink nipples for what seemed 
as if it were forever, Janice fainted.  She was out for a long period of time. 
Sir Peter decided to change the position that she was in since he wanted her to
suck him off a little longer.  He untapped her wrists and ankles and carried
her to a table in his den.  She was again spread eagled and her ankles were
spread approximately six feet apart.  Then her wrists were spread beyond her head
and also about six feet apart.  They were also strapped .  The table ended at the
nape of her delicious neck.  Her head flopped down and backwards against the side
of the table.  Sir Peter strapped her forehead to the side of the table.  This
caused her  tits to be pulled upwards and stand proudly up.  Her nipples reached
for the ceiling.   When she awoke she tried to move and couldn't and was
instantly awake.  She opened her eyes and saw a black forest with a huge tree
facing her, but it looked distorted.  That was because she was looking at his
pubic area and penis upside down.  He said , "Now that you are awake, open your
mouth!"  She did as he asked.  His penis slipped into her mouth until his hairy
balls tickled her nose.  Sir Peter leaned against her head and used her nipples
as handles.  He was pulling on them.  They stretched and became elongated.  She
winced in pain.  He told her to lick him off and swallow and he would let go of
her breasts and nipples.  She licked with gusto!!  He came after five minutes and
she swallowed his load.  He then let her nipples snap back into position.  They
were dark red from the pinching and squeezing. "You have the best looking nipples
I've ever seen!" Sir Peter exclaimed.  This compliment did not please her.  She
was coming to the realization that this would be her existence until forever, or
until he grew tired of her.  He inserted his penis into her mouth again and
started fucking.  His balls slapped at her nose.  "Lick me until I cum and
swallow every drop," Sir Peter said.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Trainman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





