BDSM Library - The Trap




The Trap
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When the sexual advances of a young female university lecturer are turned down by one of her male students, she decides to lay a trap and imprison him.  Once she has him, she emasculates and humiliates him before reducing him to being her mere sexual play thing.
The Trap


Chapter One

Let me introduce myself.  My name is Bob and I am a normal twenty five year old
guy.  I am going to tell you the story of a remarkable thing that happened to be
a few years back when I was at university.

My story begins in the spring term of my second year at university in Birmingham
(a large city in Central England for those of you who may not know it) and I
would have been around nineteen or twenty.  I liked to think that I was a
popular student - I certainly had a lot of good friends, and spent every night
drinking and generally socialising with my fellow students.  I also liked to
think that I was a good looking guy, and the number of women that flirted with
me and asked me out certainly gave some substance to this belief.  I was still
living in the halls of residence that the university provided for some of the
students to live in, and this meant that I knew most of the faces I saw around,
and most of them knew me.

One particular Wednesday morning, I had to get up particularly early for my
fortnightly Political Philosophy tutorial.  For some reason, Dr. Ellis insisted
on holding the tutorials at eight o' clock in the morning, a little early for
even the most conscientious of students.  The one thing that gave me an
incentive to attend these tutorials promptly was that Dr. Ellis was a
particularly attractive young woman fresh from her postgraduate studies, around
her mid-to-late twenties.  She was far removed from the gnarly old political
science and social studies lecturers in their tweed jackets, I can assure you. 
She had neat dark brown hair cut into a stylish bob, penetrating dark eyes and
the most gorgeous, perfect olive skin I had ever seen.  I guessed that she was
maybe half Italian or perhaps Greek.  Those who knew me would have said that she
wasn't my type, as I normally went for obvious blondes with big tits, but this
woman had that something about her.

Attractive though I found Dr. Ellis, I was never tempted to make a move on her,
as you can imagine (at least not outside the confines of my imagination). 
Although I thought I had caught her staring at me on a few occasions, and her
body language towards me seemed to suggest that she liked me, the fact was that
this woman was my teacher.  I imagined that we both probably would have got
thrown out of the university, and I knew for sure that my mates would have given
me a hard time for the rest of my life.  I was therefore content to admire Dr.
Ellis from afar, and my attention remained focused on girls my own age.  After
all, there were ten thousand students at our university, so I guessed that half
of those made potential targets.

So anyway, despite a stinking hangover I was determined to get up and attend the
lesson.  After getting out of bed and quickly showering and dressing, I made the
ten minute walk across campus and approached the dark, depressing concrete
monstrosity that was the politics department.  I arrived just in time to meet my
five classmates in the foyer, and we made our way through the maze of corridors
and hallways eventually arriving outside Dr. Ellis' office door.  I knocked
loudly.

"Come in" we heard her say in her unmistakable upper middle class accent (which
my friends and I found to be extremely sexy, we had told each other one drunken
night).  We duly obeyed, opening the door and filing one by one into the office. 
As I took a seat around by the blackboard, I looked up and got the day's first
good look at the heavenly woman.  She was dressed smartly in a black pencil
skirt and a grey slash-neck top, and as it was a warm spring day she wore no
tights so her bare legs were exposed.  Very nice, I thought - definitely sexy
without being cheap or over the top.  I could tell that my two male classmates
shared my sentiments by the way all three of us shared a knowing smile as she
looked away to retrieve a book from a high shelf.

"Morning everyone" she greeted us.  "Thank you all for once again making an
effort and getting to my class on time.  I know it can't be easy to get up early
when you've been out drinking until the small hours."  I smiled to myself,
wondering if she had smelt my "beer breath".  Dr. Ellis stood next to where I
sat by the blackboard, and began the lesson straight away.  The tutorial started
off fairly easily, but the subject matter became more and more advanced as the
minutes ticked by.  Nevertheless, forty five minutes passed fairly uneventfully
(apart from the odd glance that Dr. Ellis shot my way from time to time) and
soon the lesson was over, some fifteen minutes early.  All six of us were
capable students and so we were able to cover the necessary subject matter in a
short time.  As the lesson ended, Dr. Ellis thanked us all once again for coming
and wished us all a good day.  Just as we were packing our things however, she
touched me on the arm to get my attention.

"Robert" she said (my teachers never called me Bob), "could you stay behind for
a moment, please?  There are a couple of concepts I need to go over with you,
I'm not sure you've fully got a grasp on some of the finer points we've talked
about this morning".

"Of course" I said, putting my pad and pen back down onto the desk.  The other
two male students looked round at me on their way out, and I am sure that I
detected jealousy in their expressions.  To tell the truth, I had been proud of
my progress in this particular subject, and I felt embarrassed that I was being
kept behind.

"Close the door on the way out, would you?"  Dr. Ellis sweetly asked the last of
the group to leave the room.  The student complied with her request and the door
was closed firmly, and we were confronted with silence.  My teacher looked at me
for a moment and then slowly stood up from her chair, moving round to sit on the
edge of the front of the desk close to where I sat.  She held a ball point pen
in her left hand which she began to tap on the desk, and when I looked up to her
face she appeared to be deep in thought.  I remained silent, and it seemed like
hours before Dr. Ellis eventually spoke.

"Why do you think I have asked you to stay behind this morning, Robert?" she
asked purposefully.

"I... I don't know" I replied, "you said that there were a couple of concepts
you needed to explain, which has left me a bit confused as I thought that I was
doing pretty well in this course."  She looked down at me and we shared eye
contact for a few seconds, before she turned away.

"Yes Robert, you are doing well; in fact you are a very talented student."

"Then I'm afraid I don't understand" I remarked.  "Can I leave now?  I have
another class to get to in ten minutes."

"Please, wait a minute" she said, now appearing slightly flustered.  "Robert, I
don't know if you have noticed anything... anything about the way I am when I am
around you."

"Like what?"  I asked. "Is there some kind of problem?"  She smiled down at me
from where she sat, and stood up to her full height.  She must have been almost
as tall as me in those heels she was wearing.

"No Robert, there's no problem.  Robert, I like you... I have been trying not to
show it, but I am afraid my emotions have been betraying me."  The confident,
self-assured woman I knew was gone, and in her place was now a shy, embarrassed
girl.  "I am attracted to you, Robert" she said, visibly shaking.  "I would very
much like it if we could go out for a drink some time".  Again silence.  "Well,
what do you say?"  Now the teacher was not the only nervous person in the room.

"Dr. Ellis... you are my tutor.  We can't go out, it wouldn't be right.  We'd
both be thrown out of the university, for a start."

"Oh God, I know all that" she said.  "But don't you think it's worth the risk?" 
More silence followed.  I did not know what to do or say that could have made
the situation any less awkward, but no matter how attracted I was to this woman
I was determined to do the right thing.  I said nothing and waited for her to
speak again.  "OK, let's just forget it, forget I said anything" she spat,
looking really quite upset.  I looked up at her, trying to smile as best I could
in order to convey my sympathy.  I had been blown out by plenty of girls in my
time, so I could imagine the embarrassment she was feeling.  "Just do me one
favour, please..." she said.

"Don't worry" I replied, cutting her off.  "I won't tell anyone.  I promise."  I
finished collecting my things together and left the room without either of us
saying another word.  My teacher stood facing into the wall, presumably so she
would not have to look at me and feel further humiliation.  I walked slowly to
my nine o'clock lecture, my mind going over what had just occurred.  Although
the situation was downright weird, I did, of course, feel extremely flattered
and I had a definite swagger to my walk as I made my way to the Social Science
building.




Chapter Two


Although I knew that I had done the right thing, I spent the next few days
wondering why exactly I had turned Dr. Ellis down.  I definitely fancied her,
and I have never been a man to stop small details getting in the way of a good
shag.  Somehow though, the whole thing didn't feel right and I reckoned that our
relationship was best left as a figment of our imaginations.  But damn, she was
one sexy woman.

One week later, some of my friends of mine and I decided to go to the student
night at one of the local nightclubs.  It was always a good laugh (although
extremely cheesy) and was an excellent place to pick up women.  I thought that
it would be just what I needed to take my mind off the events of the previous
week.  We decided to start off at one of the campus bars, where we proceeded to
drink several pints each.  The bar was, however, quite empty and devoid of
atmosphere so we soon got into a taxi and headed off into town.

We arrived outside the nightclub at around half past ten, and by the time we had
queued it was about eleven o' clock.  Getting through the doors, I could see
that the club was packed and the atmosphere seemed pretty good.  Even the music
wasn't that bad, so the ingredients were there for a good night.  We headed
straight to the bar where I bought a round of beers, and then we walked over to
the edge of the dance floor to indulge in a bit of talent spotting.  There were
plenty of girls and my friends seemed pretty eager to mingle and try and get
some action, so after we had finished our drinks we got onto the dance floor. 

Some early 90's house music was playing, some of those tunes that people always
seemed to know the words to; and everyone seemed to be happy and having a good
time.  It did not take long for a couple of the lads to find girls to chat up,
and within an hour all of my mates had hooked up and I was left by myself. 
Despite several long reconnaissance missions around the building I was yet to
find anyone I really liked the look of, so I decided to head back to the bar
area and drink myself into oblivion.  I managed to get the barman's attention
quickly (he was a friend of mine, doing bar work to supplement his student
grant) and ordered myself a shot of vodka and a pint of lager.  I quickly downed
the vodka, and then leant back on the bar so that I could sip my pint whilst
watching the various goings-on.

It was as I was leaning back when I saw possibly the most stunning woman I had
ever laid eyes on.  She looked about my age, and was about five feet eight or
nine.  She had incredible long, silky, straight blonde hair and piercing pale
blue eyes, and to set it off she had a deep, golden tan.  Her legs seemed to go
on for ever, and my eyes moved upwards and settled on a fantastic pair of
breasts that were quite large but incredibly well shaped.  She was dressed
extremely sexily, in a classic backless short black dress and a pair of delicate
strappy sandals on her perfectly formed feet.  I must have been standing there
for ages, just staring inanely and probably dribbling large quantities of saliva
onto the floor.  The girl caught my eye, and laughed when she realised that she
was the cause of my minor relapse.  I was expecting her to look away and walk
straight on, but instead she kept eye contact with me, and I realised that she
must have been trying to get my attention.  Quickly, I regained my composure.

"Hi" I said, smiling.  "Can I by any chance get you a drink??"  I could have
kicked myself for my inability to come up with a killer first line.

"Yes, please" she laughed, "as long as you can tell me why you've been standing
there for the last minute staring at me!  Bacardi and Coke please."

I ordered the drink before answering her. 

"Well, I wasn't actually staring at you... I had something in my eye, you see,
and I was, err, trying to blink to get it out."  Given the time I had taken to
prepare that answer, it was extremely lame.

"Oh, that's a shame" the girl said.  "I was hoping that you were staring because
you fancied me."  I was speechless, and handed the girl her drink.  "I'm Kelly"
she introduced herself, extending her hand towards me.  I took it and shook it
gently.

"I'm Bob... pleased to meet you.  I don't recognise you - are you at the
university?"

"No" she answered, "I go to the nursing college across town.  That's probably
why you haven't seen me around."

"Aah, I see."  I was so awestruck that my normal conversational skills had
completely deserted me.

"So..." Kelly started, "don't you fancy me then?"  Her forwardness shocked me so
much that I choked on my drink.

"Erm, yes, err... of course I do, I..."  She smiled at my awkwardness, and took
my drink from me and put it down on the counter.  She then took my hand and
pulled me back on to the dancefloor, through the crowds of people until we found
an empty spot.  We began to dance to the music, and our bodies started to become
closer and closer.  Her arm worked its way round my waist and held me firmly
towards her, and I in turn put my hands behind her and felt her hard, toned
buttocks.  Soon I became aroused and she must have been able to feel my erection
pushing into her stomach, although she said nothing.  Soon our faces were
nudging against each other, and we began to kiss.  We kissed slowly and
tentatively at first, then more and more passionately, and soon we were
thrusting our tongues between each other's lips and she bit hungrily at my neck. 
Kelly slowly reached down between my legs with her free hand, and brushed it
lightly against my balls.  I gasped with surprise and pleasure, and she then
began to lightly trace her fingers up and down my rigid shaft.  It was clear to
both of us that it was time to leave the club.

"Come with me, back to my flat" she whispered in my ear.  I needed no second
bidding, and we made our way back through the crowds and rushed out of the front
doors straight into a waiting taxi, not even waiting to reclaim our coats from
the cloakroom.  Kelly uttered some directions to the driver that I did not hear,
and in no time we were off, heading out of town.  Her hand found my leg, and
again made its way up to my cock and balls which she began to gently rub and
squeeze as she started to kiss me once again.  I decided to reciprocate, and
started to slide a hand up her dress, but she stopped me by clamping a hand down
on my wrist.  "Patience, patience" she scolded.  It seemed that she was going to
make me earn anything I got, and something told me that I was going to love
every second of it. 

Soon the taxi was in an area I did not recognise, and we pulled up outside a row
of Victorian houses that looked like they were all converted into flats. 
Despite Kelly's protests, I insisted on paying the driver, and after I had
settled up she took my hand and led me into her building.  She closed the door
behind us and turned on a light, leading me up a flight of stairs to the door to
her flat.  With a swift turn of a key, we were inside.  I was extremely
impressed with her home, which by the look of it had recently been expensively
decorated.  Shiny wooden floors were laid throughout, the walls were decorated
with modern art (which I didn't recognise) and the furniture looked stylish and
well made.  It was definitely a far cry from the student digs of my friends and
I, and I wondered how she could have afforded it.  I was, of course, too polite
to ask though, so I just nodded my approval silently.

Once we were both inside, Kelly turned to look at me and took my hand once
again.  She led me through the flat and over to a door at the other side, which
she opened and led me through.  I found myself in a sumptuously decorated
bedroom, with a king size wrought iron bed in the centre covered in white bed
linen.  I pulled Kelly towards me and kissed her deeply.  For some reason,
however, she seemed to be holding back, and stopped the kiss and looked into my
eyes.

"Do you want me tonight?" she said quietly, almost shyly.

"God, yes, you know I do" was my reply.

"Then...take your clothes off, I will be back in a minute."  With that, she was
gone, and I was left by myself in the bedroom to strip.  I lay back on the bed
naked, thanking my lucky stars and not believing my luck at managing to pull
such a gorgeous woman.  I heard her moving around the flat, and wondered what
she was doing.  At one point I heard her talking quietly on the telephone,
although I could not hear what she was saying.  After around ten minutes Kelly
returned, and to my disappointment, she was still fully clothed.  She came over
to the bed and knelt next to me, and kissed me on the cheek.  "If you want me
tonight, you have to do something for me."

"Relax" I laughed, "I'm a 20th Century guy, I don't mind giving as well as
receiving!"

"That's not what I meant" she answered, as she walked over to a chest by the
side of the bed and opened a drawer.  I watched her intently as she pulled out a
pile of white lingerie.  I smiled to myself as I presumed she was going to get
dressed up in my choice of underwear.  What she said next gave me a bit of a
surprise.  "I need you to wear these for me."

"What?  I don't understand.  Why would you want me to do that?"  I think I was
more surprised than upset or angry.

"Please don't ask why" she pleaded, "it's just something we have to do,
something for me.  I need it to make me feel comfortable - it's the only way." 
I think you can guess what I did next; any horny young guy confronted with this
situation would have done the same.  I agreed to wear the lingerie.

"OK, OK, of course I will, if it's what you want" I said.  She smiled at me and
again got onto the bed, this time straddling me with a knee either side of my
body, and bending down to kiss me.

"It is... thank you".  Her smile alone made my sacrifice worthwhile and to my
surprise I began to feel turned on as she rifled through the pile of
underclothing.  She asked me to stand up and I immediately complied, and watched
her select a pair of white lacy panties.  "Lift one leg" she instructed, and as
I did, she slid the underwear onto my right ankle and up my calf.  Without
further prompting I lifted my other leg, and she pulled the panties right up,
purposefully brushing my cock as she adjusted them.  Soon, she had a matching
suspender belt attached round my waist, and had me sit on the edge of the bed so
that she could roll a pair of white silk stockings up my legs.  She attached the
lacy tops to my suspenders, and finally got me to hold out my arms so that she
could fasten a bra round my chest.  Although disconcerting, the ritual had
actually turned me on but I didn't want to show it.

"God, I feel ridiculous" I protested.

"Sshhh, quiet" she calmly said as she took me by the shoulders and turned me
round so that I could see my reflection in the mirror.  "You look so sexy,
really fucking hot."  She stood behind me and traced a finger down my back and
down to my anus, playfully fingering my hole through the underwear.  Her hand
then worked its way to my balls, and then took a firm hold of my erection.  "I
think you quite like dressing as a slut for me, don't you, hmm?" she whispered
in my ear, giving it a lick for good measure.  "Let's see if we can't put that
dick to some use."

With that, she ushered me towards the bed and slowly pushed me down onto it so
that I lay on my back.  She sat straddling me and pulled up her dress, pushing
her crotch into mine so that all that separated my dick from her pussy were the
panties we were wearing.  The heat of her cunt bearing down on me was so
distracting that I did not notice her pull two pairs of handcuffs out from under
one of the pillows.  And to tell the truth, this whole experience had been so
damn weird, I didn't think anything of it when I felt cold metal round my right
wrist and heard the clicking of the cuffs locking in place.  By the time I
realised that my right wrist was cuffed to a bedpost, she already had my left
wrist firmly in her right hand and was busy securing that one too.  At this
point I was so horny that I would have done anything to fuck this woman, so I
did not complain when she moved down to my ankles and secured them to the bottom
bedposts with an old pair of stockings.

Kelly slowly stood up to admire her handiwork.  "Struggle" she ordered.  "Come
on slut, I want to see you struggle".  Confused, I began to wriggle in my bonds. 
"Harder!" she shouted, "I want to see you try and escape".  I began to struggle
in earnest but to no avail, I was firmly held in place.

"I'm trying, I'm trying" I whimpered pathetically.  All I wanted was for Kelly
to sit on my cock and ride me, but she was drawing this out slowly and
painfully.  She stood watching me with her arms crossed and a satisfied look on
her face.

"Good, very good" she said, climbing back onto the bed and kneeling over me,
facing towards the foot of the bed so that we were almost in a 69 position.  She
hitched up her dress once more and began to gyrate her panty-clad pussy against
my face.  Her juices were seeping through the material, leaving a wet trail on
my face.  "Is this want you want?" she asked.  "You want my cunt?"

"God yes, yes, please..." I cried, becoming more and more desperate. After a few
minutes of mashing her crotch into my face, Kelly lifted herself up and turned
round so that her pussy was directly above my cock.  Slowly she reached into my
panties and pulled out my penis, leaving a trail of pre-cum between the head of
my shaft and the underwear that had encased it.  Gently she caressed it with one
hand, and pulled at her own underwear with the other.  Casting her undergarment
aside, she pulled my cock towards her and held it against the outer lips of her
pussy.  I tried to push towards her, trying to enter her, but she resisted and
kept a firm hold of my dick, just rubbing it against her outer lips.

"Tell me how much you want me" she snarled.

"I want you, oh God, please, please... I need to be in you" I pleaded
pathetically.

She released her grip on my cock and leaned forward so that her face was in
mine.

"And what makes you think that I need you, boy?" she said with a wicked smile on
her face.  "Why should I fuck a panty-wearing slut like you when I can have any
man I want?  A real man."  And with that, she got off the bed and stood up.

"No..." I howled.  "Please, please, I need you so badly".

"Shut the fuck up" she shouted, and picked up her panties and shoved them into
my open mouth.  "Something to remember me by!" she sneered, as she produced a
roll of duct tape from somewhere and sealed my mouth, holding my gag firmly in
place.  She then took a thin cord, resembling a shoelace, and tied it firmly
around the base of my cock.  "That will keep you hard for a while" she said,
rearranging my panties over my erection.  I lay there bound and helpless,
watching her re-apply some lipstick and brush her hair before giving me a final
glance and leaving the bedroom, turning off the lights on her way out.  I heard
the click of a lock turn, and then heard the front door to the flat slam shut
and more locks click shut.

Suddenly my situation dawned on me.  I had been set up by this woman, seduced
and captured.  And now I lay tied to a bed in the darkness wearing women's
underwear, gagged and locked in a strange flat miles from home.  And I was
scared shitless.




Chapter Three


The possibilities were racing through my mind.  Is someone going to kill me and
make it look like kinky sex gone wrong?  God, what would my family think?  Or
maybe a group of guys had set this up so they could ass rape me?  Maybe it was
just a stunt some of my mates had pulled.  I hoped more than anything it was the
latter.

I lay uncomfortably, trying to constantly move my hands and feet to keep the
circulation going.  The panties in my mouth made me feel as if I was going to
puke, and I was afraid that I could die drowning in my own vomit.  All the
while, the cord around by dick kept me rock hard, and in immense pain - I
imagined that it was a shade of blue.

After what must have been around half an hour, my heart jumped as I heard
footsteps coming up the stairs.  Whoever it was moved quickly and purposefully,
yet trod lightly.  I guessed that it was a woman, and hoped to God that it was
Kelly, coming to tell me that it had been a joke, and we could have a good laugh
as she untied me and then made love to me.  I heard the front door open and
close, and I heard the footsteps enter the flat and walk quickly towards the
bedroom.  I held my breath as the lock clicked open and the handle turned.  The
warm, yellow light of the flat flooded into the bedroom and as I squinted I
could make out the silhouette of a figure in the doorway.  The figure stopped
still, quietly watching me before making its way into the room.  As the person
approached and my eyes became accustomed to the light, I could see that it was a
woman, but not Kelly.  Shit, I thought, oh shit, what on earth is this woman
going to think?  I momentarily presumed that this woman must have been a friend
of Kelly's, or maybe a flatmate or relative.  How was I going to explain myself? 
But then, as the stranger came right up to me, I recognised her.  It was Dr.
Ellis.

At first, my clouded mind could not work out what was going on.  Was this some
kind of delusion or dream I was having?  I looked up at her, and saw that she
was wearing a plain grey tracksuit, and her hair was tied back casually into a
pony tail.  She looked gorgeous.

"Hello, Robert" said the familiar voice.  I screamed a muffled reply into my
gag, hoping she would take it off so I could explain what I was doing here, and
she could let me go.  "Well, well, what have you been doing?  I take it you
liked Kelly then?  I got her from a local escort agency - she was expensive but
by the look of things, well worth the money."  I groaned in despair into my gag
as I realised what had happened.  Kelly was some high class call girl who Dr.
Ellis had hired to meet me in the club, take me back here and leave me tied
securely to the bed, dressed up in her underwear.  How could I have been so
stupid?  I began to struggle against the bonds in earnest, but I knew that Kelly
had done too good a job for that.  "Don't struggle" she said, "there's no point,
Kelly tells me that she made sure you couldn't escape".  She smiled down at me,
and brushed a hand against my cheek.  "Apparently you squirmed like a girl when
she had you all tied up and helpless.  Is that true hmm?  Squirmed like a little
slutty girl, tied to my bed and wearing my lingerie?"

Again I tried to shout through the gag, and again I failed.  I was utterly
defenceless and vulnerable.  "In case, Robert, you think that this is some kind
of retribution for you not going out with me, you are very wrong" she said.  "I
have no time for such petty, mindless pursuits such as revenge" she continued,
lifting her sweat top over her head.  "I just want to do the one thing I wanted
to do in the first place.  Fuck you senseless.  And if I can humiliate you
slightly into the bargain, well, that's a bonus."  She removed her shoes and
pulled down her sweat pants.  For the first time, I got a good look at her body. 
She looked absolutely amazing - her tanned olive skin contained a firm, toned
body and simple black satin underwear encased her shapely curves.  She carefully
surveyed my puzzled expression, and started to laugh.  "You didn't seriously
think I wanted you for your mind, did you?"

Dr. Ellis got down onto the bed and straddled me, as Kelly had done a while
earlier.  She reached a hand down between my legs and felt my helplessly erect
penis, and pulled my panties aside to examine the work Kelly had done when she
fastened the cord round the base.  The head felt as if it would burst, and I was
so tender that even the slightest touch caused me to wince.  She leaned right
forward and began to kiss my neck, my cheek, my ear.  "Good..." she whispered,
stroking my cock. "All nice and hard for me."  Sitting back up again, she
reached behind her to unhook her bra, allowing her magnificent breasts to fall
free.  A stern look came across her face.  "If nothing else, Robert, maybe you
will learn that I always get what I want" she scowled.  "If I want you dressed
up in my bra, panties, stockings and suspenders then that is what I get.  And if
I want you gagged and tied helplessly to my bed, that is what I get.  And if I
want to watch you squirm, struggle and cry while I rape you, that is what I get
too."  Again she laughed.

She knelt, allowing her to remove her underwear, and gave me my first sight of
her pussy.  Seeing me gawping, she smiled.  "That's right, take a good look. 
You'll be getting to know it pretty well".  My mind was a jumble of emotions - a
mixture of fear, humiliation and pure lust.  Dr. Ellis grabbed my bulging cock
and quickly lowered her cunt onto me, and soon I felt the familiar warm, tight,
moist sensation I had been waiting for all night.  This was not sex how I knew
it though, this was a brutal onslaught.  The pain in my bound penis was
excruciating as she began to hump me, my dick pumping in and out of her tight
passage.  She grabbed my hair with one hand and pulled my head violently towards
her so she could sink her teeth into the soft flesh of my neck, and she clawed
at the skin on my arms leaving long deep scratches.  However, from beneath the
gag my cries and screams were not heard and she continued her attack until my
balls could take no more and I exploded into her.

As she felt my orgasm hit, she relaxed her grip on me and threw her head back in
ecstasy.  Slowly, she regained her composure and looked down at me.

"You selfish little fucking slut" she shouted.  "Let's get something clear - you
come when I tell you to.  Only when I am ready - do you understand?"  I nodded. 
"I'm not sure you do" she continued, gripping my chin firmly in one hand,
pushing my head back.  Disdainfully, she threw my head to one side and
dismounted from my cock.  She quickly undid the cord from round the base,
causing me to let out a sigh of relief through my gag.  No sooner had she freed
my cock, however, when she re-tied the cord round my scrotum.  I yelped in
intense pain as Dr. Ellis wound the cord round each of my balls, separating them
and squashing them inside the scrotum.  Huge tears began to form in my eyes. 
"Shut up!" she ordered, mercilessly flicking my tortured balls with a manicured
fingernail.  "You need something to remind you who is in control here."  She
continued to flick, squeeze and scratch my balls and I continued to cry like a
baby until she got bored, some ten minutes later.  Having lost interest in
torturing me for the moment, she got up and re-arranged my panties leaving the
bondage in place.  Putting her tracksuit back on, she left the room and closed
the door behind her, and I heard her turn on the television.  I realised that I
was in this for the long haul.

I lay there, quietly sobbing to myself and thinking about my situation.  Looking
down at my own body, I hardly recognised what I saw.  Not only was I dressed up
like some kind of whore, my own genitalia were tortured and contorted beyond
recognition and deep red scratch and bite marks were scattered all over my arms
and body.  I wanted to try and escape, but I could see no way out.  Some time
later, Dr. Ellis came back into the room.  I could see the clock on the wall
when I stretched my neck up, and I could see that the time was almost half past
four in the morning.  Puzzlingly, she carried with her in one hand a camcorder,
and a canvas bag in the other.  I wondered what she had in store for me next.

"Do you know what it is like to be humiliated, Robert" she asked.  Of course I
was gagged, and could not answer.  "Do you know what it is like to feel how I
felt in my office last week?  Well, now you are going to find out exactly what
it is like to be humiliated."  She lifted the camcorder onto the chest of
drawers next to the bed, and looked through the viewfinder and adjusted the zoom
and focus controls.  "I am going to have to undo your gag now Robert" she told
me.  I breathed a sigh of relief.  "Don't think you can get away with taking any
liberties though.  If you so much as whimper too loudly, I will make you sorry
and just gag you again anyway.  The choice is yours."  Quickly she reached down
and gripped the duct tape on my mouth, ripping it off with ferocious force.  I
let out a yell, but fortunately for me Kelly's underwear was still in my mouth
and stifled my cries.  When I had recovered my composure, the sopping panties
were removed from my mouth and cast aside onto the floor.  "Say thank you,
Robert" said my captor.

"Thank you, oh, thank you" I said, gasping mouthfuls of fresh air.  I was indeed
grateful to have the gag removed.

"I'm going to make you look good for the camera now, Robert" Dr. Ellis said, as
she removed a box of make-up from her canvas bag.  "I hope you don't mind."  She
crouched down beside the bed, and busied herself brushing blusher onto my face
and painting my lips. "We can't have you looking pale."  After my brief make-up
job, she stood back to look at me.  "Excellent" she said, nodding in approval. 
"Now, look into the camera!"  She reached out and flicked a button on the
camcorder, and I heard a quiet whir of the mechanism.  I instinctively looked
away, and I was given a sharp slap to the face for my troubles.  "I said, look
at the camera!" she shouted.  Scared of what this woman was capable of doing to
me, I obeyed and looked into the camera.  "Now pout those red lips of yours, and
tell the camera your name.  And then tell the camera what a little slut you
are."  I hesitated.  "Now!" she yelled.

"M...my name is Robert and I am a l...little slut" I stammered.

"Better...now repeat!" was her response.  I could not believe what was happening
to me, that this woman had reduced me to this.  But I repeated the words. 
"Good... there's a good little slut!" she said.  Careful not to get her face in
shot, she walked around to the foot of the bed and picked something up from the
floor.  I could not quite see what it was, but it was black and made a rattling
sound when she moved it about.  "Now, tell the camera Robert, what do sluts
like?" she asked.  I did not know what to say.

"I...I don't know.  I don't know what you mean.  Sorry."

"Of course you know, Robert.  Sluts like cock, don't they."  A horrible panic
came over me.  "Don't they!"

"Yes, yes sluts like cock" I said.

"So that means that YOU must like cock, Robert."  I closed my eyes in disbelief
and wondered where the tape in the camcorder was destined to end up.  When I
re-opened my eyes, I could see what it was that Dr. Ellis had picked up from the
floor seconds earlier.  She was in the process of fastening a huge, black rubber
strap-on dildo onto her crotch.  Oh shit, I thought, I was for it now.  Still
keeping her face out of shot, she crawled onto the bed and sat over my face,
with a knee on each of my upper arms.  "Tell me how much you want to suck my
cock, Robert."  I could not bring myself to say it, and again she slapped me
around the face, and started to prod my balls which were still painfully bound. 
"Tell me now."

"I want it OK, I want to suck your cock!  Is that what you want to hear?"  I
screamed.

"That's right, that's exactly what I want to hear.  Tell me again."

"I want to suck your cock!"  I shouted.  And suddenly, she grabbed my chin,
forcing my mouth open and forced the dildo into my mouth.

"Suck it, you little slut" she said.  "Who's humiliated now, eh?"  I had no
choice but to suck as she pushed the phallus further into my mouth, forcing it
down into my throat.  She mercilessly fucked my mouth until I choked and gagged,
causing my eyes to water whilst all the time I was sucking and licking.  "Suck
it Robert, that's right you cock-sucking little whore".  And then, just as
quickly as she had thrust it in, she pulled it out causing my saliva to fly out
everywhere.  Pausing to kiss me full on the lips, she moved her body down so
that the dildo dangled dangerously close to my anus.  She began to play with my
hole with a finger, causing me to gasp as I felt it go in up to the first
knuckle, then the second, and finally all the way in.  Wiggling the first finger
round, she introduced a second, making me cry out in pain.  "Aw, that's nothing"
she teased, "I'm just loosening you up a bit."  And with that she rapidly pulled
the fingers out, again making me gasp.

"Please" I begged, "please, if you're thinking of doing what I think you are,
please don't."

"Quiet, quiet" she whispered softly.  "It will be OK, don't worry.  Everyone has
to have a first time."

"No, God, I beg you, please don't!"

"God can't help you" she laughed wickedly, "I'm the only one who can decide what
happens to you now!"  She began prodding round the entrance to my anus with the
tip of the dido, gently exploring my backside.

"Please" I began to sob, "oh please, no, not this".

Without warning she thrust her rubber penis right up my sphincter and I let out
an almighty scream.  "Aaahh, please no...aaaaahh!"  The tears were now streaming
down my face and she began to fuck me.

"Poor little Robert.  Tied down to my bed, dressed like a slut and fucked like a
slut!" she whooped with delight.  She continued to pump, harder and faster and
my cries got louder and louder.  I could feel the rubber stretching my muscle
and my skin, and it burned so much I thought she was actually going to split my
back passage.   She reached up and grabbed me by the shoulders, pulling me to
her to force the dildo further inside me.  She forced her legs together,
gripping me with her knees and making it difficult for me to breath and
continued to pump away at my virgin arse.  After what seemed like hours, she
finally stopped pumping and slowly withdrew the dildo.  I ground my teeth at the
pain, bearing it because I knew it would soon subside.  When the piece of rubber
was finally out, I let out a deep breath and lay motionless, exhausted from the
abuse my body had just been through.

Suddenly, Dr. Ellis' mood seemed to change.  She slowly removed the strap-on and
cast it aside, and lay down beside me to comfort me.  "There, there, it's
alright baby.  It's over now" she said, stroking my cheek and wiping away my
tears.  She diverted her attention to the bondage around my balls which she
carefully untied, and massaged them back to their normal colour.  She then
kissed me passionately on the mouth, and left the room with the camcorder.  I
fell into a deep sleep.



Chapter Four

Before long I was woken from my slumber by light streaming into the room and Dr.
Ellis moving around by the bedside.

"Robert, are you awake?" she asked sternly.  I nodded.

"Yes, I'm awake."

"Robert, I want you to know that I have posted the video I made on the
internet."  My heart sank.  "The good news is, Robert, nobody knows the URL,
apart from me.  And I am hoping that I won't have to tell anyone."

"What do you mean?" I asked, naively.

"It all depends on you.  If you do as I say, no-one will know.  If you ever
displease me, I shall email the URL to the whole university, and everyone will
see the film."

"Oh no... Why are you doing this?"

"You still don't get it, do you Robert?  I like you, I want to have sex with
you.  Lots of sex.  You just have to choose whether you would rather have sex
with me from time to time, or have all your friends and fellow students see you
tied up and done up like a tart, being fucked with a rubber cock and screaming
like a bitch."  She smiled that wicked, self-satisfied smile.  "And I have
another little incentive for you."  She knelt down on the bed between my legs
and pulled my panties to one side.  She then produced a metal cage-like object,
opened it up and snapped it shut carefully around my cock and balls.  "This is a
male chastity device" she announced.  "I got it from a special shop in London. 
It can be locked with the padlock I have here in my hand, which only has one key
which is hanging around my neck."  She attached the padlock to the cage and
pushed it shut.  "The device will allow you to go to the toilet normally, and
should not affect your everyday life.  However, if you want to have sex, or even
wank, the cage needs to come off.  And without the key, that is easier said than
done."  I could not believe the lengths that she had gone to, just to get me to
have sex with her.  But for the moment at least, I had no choice but to agree
with her if I ever wanted to get out of my predicament.

"OK, I'll do it.  I promise I'll do whatever you say.  Just please untie me and
let me go home" I pleaded.

"I was hoping you'd say that" she smiled.  Slowly she untied my ankles, and then
took a key from her bedside table that she used to undo the handcuffs.  Now I
was free, I considered grabbing her and making her pay for what she had just
done to me.  But although it might have made me feel better, and I even may have
been able to get the key to my chastity cage off her, the video of last night
stuck in my mind.  I therefore decided to go without a fuss.

"Thank you" I said, and sat up, rubbing my wrists to try and regain the feeling
in my hands.  But when I went to unhook the stockings from my suspenders, she
stopped me. 

"The first condition of your freedom - keep all that underwear on underneath
your clothes.  You can take it off when you get home, but from today onwards I
want you to wear a pair of my panties at all times."  She walked over to her
chest of drawers, and picked out a selection that she tossed to me.  "There you
go" she said.  "They should keep you going for a while."  I sighed and nodded my
head.  "Don't forget, I can summon you at any time, and if you aren't wearing
them, that video is still on the web."

I found my clothes folded up on a chair by the bed.  I quickly put them on over
the lingerie I was still wearing, thankful that I had been wearing a thick shirt
last night and the bra I was wearing could not be seen through it.  I pulled my
socks up high over the stockings, to try and prevent anyone from getting a
glimpse of the white silk when I sat down on the bus.  Once I was fully dressed,
Dr. Ellis came right up to me, and kissed me on the cheek.  Looking into my
eyes, she reached down between my legs and felt the cage that was in place over
my genitals.  "Don't forget" she said, "you are mine now".

I was given some brief directions of how to get to the nearest bus stop, and
soon found myself being ushered out of the flat.  And there I was standing on
the street, hurting all over, wearing my teacher's lingerie under my clothes and
a cage on my cock.  I was utterly drained, emotionally and physically and I knew
that it would take time for me to come to terms with what had just happened to
me.  My feet and wrists were still quite numb, and my arsehole was on fire.  I
figured I'd just have to stand during the bus journey home.




Epilogue

The next Wednesday I got up for Dr. Ellis' lesson as normal.  It had been a week
since she had let me go free, and I had heard nothing from her during that time. 
Even so, I had obeyed her and worn her panties every day, and having studied the
cage I was wearing, I decided not to try and remove it.  Although I had just
been through one of the traumatic experiences of my life, thinking about what
had happened to me strangely turned me on.

So, much the same as I did every other Wednesday morning, I got up out of bed,
washed and dressed, and left for Dr. Ellis' lesson.  I arrived in the department
foyer, greeting my classmates, and we all walked to her office together.  As
normal, we knocked on the door, and she bid us to enter.  Just like any other
lesson, we sat round the blackboard, and the teacher stood at the front, and we
had a pretty normal lesson.  Until the end.  I knew what was coming.

"Robert, can you stay behind for a few minutes please?"

"Yes, yes of course.  No problem" I said.  She ushered the rest of the class out
of the office and locked the door.

"I've missed you, Robert" she said sweetly.  "Are you wearing them?"

"Yes, yes Dr. Ellis.  I've worn them every day."  She walked up to me, and held
me firmly by the hips, pushing me back into her desk.  My cock started to grow
hard, straining against the cage that held it.  Still with one hand on one of my
hips, forcing me against the desk, she took her other hand up to my chest and
leaned me back, so that I was practically lying down.  She slowly reached down
and undid my belt buckle, then pulled my flies open.

"Good, very good Robert.  You're wearing the pink ones today. Very nice, they
suit you."  She pushed me back further so I was completely lying on the desk,
and pulled out the chain which held the key from under her blouse.  But instead
of unlocking me, she just dangled the key in front of my face.  "Whether or not
I free you depends on how pleased you make me in the next few minutes" she said. 
And then, hitching up her skirt, she pulled down her own panties and climbed up
onto the desk, mounting my face.  "I'm sure I don't have to give you
instructions.  Now get to work!"

Getting stuck into her gorgeous pussy, it suddenly hit home that I was no longer
my own man - she had taken me and forced me to become her plaything, her sexual
slave. But as she pushed herself harder and harder onto me, suffocating me and
squashing my face, I realised that if anyone was going to do this to me, I'd
want it to the woman sitting on my face right now.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bad Bob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





