BDSM Library - First Meeting




First Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sub gets more than she expects when she meets her online Dom for a drink after work.
First Meeting

You lead me from the hotel lobby, past the elevator bank, into a stairwell, and
I follow....still unsure of exactly what I'm doing or why I'm doing it. I know
that I want you...want to feel you kiss me, touch me, possess me. But I also
know that I'm due home in an hour and that I've got a marriage to protect. I
hate these decisions--any decisions. Why isn't life easier?

We smile at each other as we shut the door behind us. Our first moments together
in private. Your eyes are so strong on mine that I blush and my smile turns shy.
You pull me close and begin to kiss me. Softly at first, your hands in my hair
and grazing my face gently, my hands exploring your chest, your arms, your back.
Then your kiss turns harder, more passionate, as you know I want because it's
how I've always described it online. Your hand begins to pull and twist my
hair...not yanking, just gradually harder and harder, controlling my movements,
forcing my head to press hard against your lips. I feel your erection against my
leg. God, I'm enjoying this, but it's all going too, too fast. I get scared,
realizing what I'm getting myself into.  I suddenly push you away.

"Too much?" you ask, in almost too understanding a tone. "It's okay-- really.
Come here. Just one more kiss and we'll get going. A soft kiss, just for
goodbye."

Believing you, I come forward to you. You smile as I approach. You kiss me
gently and run your hands down my shoulders. Then, before I know it, you've
twisted me around abruptly, so that my back is toward you. You press me roughly
against the wall, pinning me against it. Your hands each grab one of my wrists
and bring them above my head, where your right hand holds them firmly together.
As I start to yell, your left hand covers my mouth, muffling all sounds. You
thrust forward, banging me into the wall to get my attention.

"Listen," you whisper in a stern tone. "No more kidding around. I'd like to have
time for flirting and cajoling, but, to be honest, we only have a few minutes
and there are some things we're going to do together before we separate."  I try
to scream but your hand presses harder against my lips. "Look, we can do this my
way, or we can do it yours. My way, you're out of here in a few minutes. Your
way, fighting me, we're going to have to start training you to listen. And if
that happens, well, you're going to miss your ferry. And I'm going to miss my
dinner."

Your words are cold against my ear, your body hard against mine.  I realize that
I'm too weak to fight you off.  You feel me relax slightly, slackening my
posture. You  continue to speak. "Lady, are you listening? This is what we're
going to do. I'm going to take my hand off your mouth.  And you--you are not
going to yell or whisper a word of protest. Otherwise, we're going to take the
scenic route. Understood?"

I nod weakly and you remove your hand. You're still holding my wrists above my
head with one hand and now you slip the other hand onto my belly. I feel your
erection against my ass and you move slighly left to right and back again,
enjoying me.

"You're such a smart girl," you whisper. "So smart that I just know that you
know what I want to do to you. What I AM going to do to you. So here's what's
going to happen. You're going to tell me what I want to do. And if you're right,
I'm going to do it."

"And if I'm wrong?" I whisper back.

"Let's just hope you're right, for your sake, sweetheart," you answer. "So what
is it? Where is this hand going?"


I feel your hand slowly moving up my abdomen. "My breasts, you're going to touch
my breasts."

"Smart girl, very smart." You pull my blouse from inside my skirt and move your
hand underneath. "Lady," you whisper, "next time, a button-down shirt. Less work
for me. I want you to learn to make it easy for me." Your hand firmly carresses
my belly, and up toward my breasts. You find the front clasp and undo the bra.
You cup my right breast and caress it and it becomes hard in your hand. Then you
pull the nipple between your thumb and forefinger and start rolling it roughly.

"Ow!" I gasp. "Please, don't. It hurts."

You bang me hard against the wall with your body, my head hitting the wall.
"What did I tell you about protests?" you hiss angrily. You work on my nipple
even more roughly and then move to the other one, which suffers the same
treatment. It hurts and I start to whimper and cry softly.

"We don't have time for tears, my dear, " you say--almost sweetly. "Where is the
hand going now? C'mon, I don't want to have to hurt you again."

Between soft sobs, I whisper back, "My legs. Between my legs."

"There, I knew we were on the same wavelength. I knew you would be a quick
study."  Your hand moves down and inside my pantyhose. It heads right for my
patch of dark blond hair and finds my clit almost immediately. You feel how hard
it is, how wet I am, how much this whole thing is turning me on, despite my
tears and protestations. You begin to rub it and I begin to feel the weakness in
my knees and the pleasure you're bringing me. I arch my back in pleasure,
feeling your rhythmic strokes.

"Listen," you whisper. "I'm going to take my hand off your wrists. I'm going to
trust you not to move them. If you do, I'm going to take my tie and tie them to
the door hinge. Understand?"

"Yes," I nod, not wanting you to stop what you're doing. You take your hand off
my wrist and move it to my breasts, where you again begin to roll my nipple. I'm
caught. Do I protest and risk you stopping your caress between my legs? Or do I
learn to endure the pain? I choose door number two. I'm arching my back against
you, my hands still up in the air, fighting internally between pleasure and
pain, responsibility and release.

Your finger moves from my clit and ventures inside my vagina. You begin
finger-fucking me with one, then two, then three fingers. You feel how tight I
am inside, feel me squeezing against your fingers. You're moving quickly,
roughly--almost lifting me off the ground with each thrust. I'm losing it and
you feel it. You know I'm about to come. You stop abruptly.

"Don't stop. Please don't stop." I beg. You press me against the wall. "But
we're not done here, my dear. Maybe when we're finished. Maybe then you'll have
what you want. But first, you have to show me some things. Like how deep you can
take me in."

You slowly turn me around and press me down to my knees. "Unzip me" you demand
and, frightened of what might happen if I don't comply, I obey. "Now put your
hands behind you and clasp them together. Lift your head and open your mouth.
And don't think --not for a minute--that you're going to give me a blowjob," you
tell me. " I'm taking you in the mouth. Using you. Raping those pretty little
lips.  Just like you kept promising online."

You put your hand behind my head and force your hard cock between my lips. And
then start thrusting. Deeper and deeper, faster and faster. I can barely
breathe. I feel like I'm choking. You are practically pounding my head against
the wall--the only thing that's saving me is the fact that your hands are there
as a buffer. Over and over, again and again. Finally, you cum, filling me with
your semen. You hold my head tightly against you so I have no choice but to
swallow you. I try not to gag.

You pull away from me and look down at me, smiling slightly. Your finger goes
under my chin and you guide me to a standing position and begin to kiss me
softly.  Your hands on my face again. And in my hair. So gentle.

"Now then, that's better. Now we really have gotten to know each other better,"
you smile.

"Won't you please finish what you started with me," I plead, reaching for your
hand to bring back down between my legs. But your hand doesn't move.

"Now if I did that, we'd have nothing to work toward next time, would we?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





