BDSM Library - Ashley In Trouble




Ashley In Trouble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three young girls are kiddnapped and are on their way to be sold at a sex slave auction, but they may get lucky and just end up on a BDSM sex slave farm.
This story is FICTION is only FICTION, it is not real. Please do not use my
story as a license to harm any living thing. Any of thing you read it in my
story does not give you the right to harm females. Any thing you read it in my
stories is all of the product of my sick mind. Please understand that I do not
advocate violence. So to not use my story an excuse or a right to commit a
violent act. You are responsible for your own actions, so don't blame on me. If
you do not know the difference between fiction and reality then stop reading and
go away. To not try to hold me responsible for your actions.




ASHLEY IN TROUBLE

Chapter One.

THE PICK UP.                            By PICK UP MAN


My name is Bob, I am known as the PICK UP MAN as that is my job. I work for a
wealthy lady who owns several special training facilities around the world. I
work out of her large training farm in central Mexico but spent most of my time
in the large cities around the United States. I usually work and alone half of
the Special private contractors a round country knew I can call in to assist me
when needed. Most of my time is spent cruising around shopping malls and
suburban streets around high schools. These are very good places to spot the
special packages I am looking for.

I spotted the special package my three man crew and myself are headed for now. I
have of spent the last three weeks following the package and working out a plan.
I have been this job quiet a number of years and have of never been caught, this
is you to good planning and some luck.

We are approaching the house now, it is a dark moonless night. I had planned
this for a dark Friday night since I know her parents Will be at the Country
Club well after midnight. It is 10:00 now this gives us plenty of time to do the
job and be many miles away before her parents to get home.

As we approach the driveway to her house I cut the engine and headlights as to
make a silent approach. The van we are using is a dark colored one half ton
commercial type like the thousands and you will see on any city street. The only
difference is the modifications inside, there are a series of eye bolts in the
floors and along both walls and a large equipment chest and the rear. The chest
holds all of the restraint equipment such as the handcuffs, hoods, wrist and
ankle restraints and other equipment that might be needed on a job.

I allow the van to silently coast up to the garage door, this puts us at the
rear entry door of want the House. In casing and the House I could tell if the
rear door would only take seconds to open, then we would be in the kitchen.
Before entering the house we could hear the loud music coming from the living
room, sounds like she is having a party.

It is almost dark in the kitchen so I have my crew stay back while I check out
the living room where the music is coming from.I ease the door open just a
crack,she is not alone.There are two other girls with her,they are all sitting
in a circle  on the floor.It looks like they are painting their toe nails while
listing to the loud music and eating snacks.

This changes the plan.the pick was for only one package.This is ok it will still
work,my crew and I need to improvise on many pick ups.The boss will just have
three instead of one and I will get a double bonus.

I slip back into the kitchen and explain the new plan to my crew,they all nod
their understanding.We are able to approach the girls with out their notice
until we are standing behind them.One tall little tomboy looking girl with a
beautiful young face spots us,she jumps up and screams and alerts the other
two.Quickly I pull the pistol from my waist band, I motion the other two to
stand up and be quite.I signal one of my men to turn the loud music down a
little.

Once music is down,it is still hard to hear due to all three girls screaming , I
tell the three girls to stand still and shut up.They are still screaming until I
point the gun at them,this stops the screams but not the sobs and tears. Then in
louder voice I asked them do you understand, I saw all three little tear stained
faces as they shook their heads yes.

Now that I have their attention I explain to them, do not scream, to not attempt
to run, do as you are told and you will not be hurt. As I am telling them this I
make sure they see the gun in my hand, this is no problem as their eyes are
fixed upon it.

Now that I have of their full attention I motion my crew to start putting
handcuffs on them, they get the cuffs on the first girl. Her name is Ashley and
she is the one I came after. I had spotted her on her way home from school about
a month ago, she is a beautiful little thing. Her breasts are not overly large
but just about the right size for her build, a nice firm little butt tops of her
long well built legs. She has a beautiful face with large brown eyes and long
dark shiny hair. I can see a little more of her now as with the other two girls
all still have their little school uniform on. I just love it since most of the
schools in larger cities have started requiring their students to wear uniforms,
they don't know how appealing they make these young girls look. Especially the
ones like these standing before me now and their little short blue skirts, then
white blouses which show with their little bras underneath, black shoes and knee
length white sox. As she wasn't getting up off the floor I wasn't able to get
just a glimpse of her little white panties which I definitely plan to get into.
As I look at the other two over I can see that both are lovely little things
also, the little tom boy looking girl Julie is a very beautiful girl although
she is slimmer than the other two girls. Her breasts are only about the size of
boiled eggs but they are nice and firm, I can see a very nice set of legs below
her short skirt. other little girl Silvie is almost a carbon copy of Ashley but
with short curly black hair, she also has a beautiful but with the green eyes. I
have of a raging hard on just looking at these three lovely young things and
wait to get my hard dick in them.

After my crew has Ashley and Silvie handcuffed and every thing seems to be going
on schedule the little tom boy goes nuts, while two of my crew hold on to Ashley
and Silvie I stick the gun in my waistband and hurt to help with Julie. Now she
is screaming at the top of her lungs while kicking and biting by other crew man
on hand, it takes both of us a minute or so to wrestle her to the floor and get
the hand cuffs on her. While I hold her down with a knee in her back we get the
ankle restraints on her and used a large plastic tie to look at them to her
handcuff chain. Now to shut her frantic screams up we are able to get a penis
gag in her mouth by me holding her head back by her hair and sticking the gag
between her lips when opens her mouth to scream. Just when we have her under
control Ashley comes out of her state of shock and starts screaming and throwing
a fit, I hurry over to help with her. With my man holding her hand cuffed wrists
behind her and the up in the air heat is able to control her somewhat, now I've
attempt to get to the gag her mouth. She is shaking her head and clinching her
teeth now determine not to allow me to put the gag in her mouth, his with Fleet
I grasp one of her nipples between my thumb and fore finger and twist it, her
mouth flies open and I insert the leather penis gag as she screams. Since the
sheet is still fighting we lay her on the floor and use the ankle restraints and
plastics tie on her also.

Now it is Julie's turn, she stands very calmly as I approach her with the penis
gag and opens her mouth to except get it, she has already seen what happens when
you don't open your mouth and does not want her nipple twisted. She does not
fight us as we lay her on the floor and put the ankle restraints and plastic tie
on her.

Now we are ready to load our packages in van, as each of my crew pick up a girl
I head out to the van to open the side door and checked to see if the coast is
clear. No one in sight, quickly the three girls are loaded into the van and
while my crew is restraining them to the eye bolts in the floor I start the van
and we are on our way. The whole operation took less than 45 minutes. Now all
that is left is to chloroform the three girls which is standard practice just in
case one ever escapes they will not know the location they were being held at.

ASHLEY.

I am wakening up, where am I, my head hurts, what has happened to me? I feel so
strange, I am so groggy, I am not in my bed this is not my bed room. I must be
dreaming, those look like bars, I must be in jail,no no this is not right, I
can't be in jail I should be at call home in my bed. Where am I, where it is
Julie and Sylvie, what is that strange thing hanging from the ceiling? I hear
voices, no I hear screaming, I hear Julie and Sylvie screaming, where are they
where am I? I must get up, my head hurts so bad and I feel dizzy, I will set on
the side of this hard bed, I know I hear Julie and Sylvie screaming. They must
be on the other side of these walls, I must get up and go over to the bars on
the front of this room, maybe I can see them. I am so dizzy but I must stand up,
I must get to the bars I can't hear them screaming, I must find them. At last I
have reached the bars, I can hold on to them until this dizziness passes, I see
a hand sticking through the bars from behind the wall on my right side. It is
Julie's hand, I can tell by her ring, she is screaming, now I hear Silvie's
screams of to my left, I can see her hand from behind the other wall. I am
squeezing Julie's hand she is screaming, sheet is hysterical, what is happening
to us, I release Julie's hand but she won't let go, I pull my hand free, must go
to Silvie she is afraid, she is screaming. I try to she is screaming even
louder. I must go on to Silvie, I run over to hold her hand, I can feel her
fear, now I must go back to Julie. The girls are too far apart I can't them both
at the same time this room is too wide, I think this is a cell like in the
movies, but we can't be in jail. Now I must run back and forth between Julie and
Silvie's hands, I don't know what to do, now we are all screaming and I am out
of breath from running back and forth.

Oh no Now I see him, it is him, the boss, I remember now, I remember him from
last night, he was the one who had the gun. We have been kidnapped, I can see
through the bars we aren't in a large warehouse kind of building. Oh no he is
coming this way, we are going to be raped. Oh my God, I can see his face, they
did not wear masks last night, we can identify them, they are going to rape and
kill us. But this cannot be, this is America, this can't happen, we are only 15,
we are to young to die. But he is coming this way, what does he have in his
hands, oh no he has handcuffs and chains, he is going to change us down and rape
us. Silvie and Julie see him to, I can tell by their screams, please don't let
him kill us we are to young to die like this and this dreadful place.

Now he is front of our cells, he is yelling at us to shut up, he pulls a horse
riding whip from behind him and hit the cell bars very hard, we stop screaming.
Now he tells us to keep quiet and do as we are told or he will use the riding
crop on us, it is a horrible looking thing and all we can do is cry.

Now he is unlocking the door to my cell, I am to the first one raped and killed.
Poor Silvie and Julie they will be next and I won't be able to help them, what
will they do. I think I am going to be sick, I have never this scared in my
life, this just can't be happening. I must run away from him but where I go, he
has locked the door him, I will try to run a round and a around the cell. I will
run around the room and see if I can wear him out chasing me.

I start to run but he steps in my way and I dodge to the side of him.I hear a
whistling noise in the air.Fire ,pain,my legs are on fire ,I can't breath. I
think my heart has stopped , I can't scream I am dead he has cut my legs off.The
pain ,I am hurt ,this is the worst pain I have ever know.It takes a few seconds
for my brain to let me scream,it hurts so bad I fall down on the floor.



PICK UP MAN

We arrived at the warehouse about midnight and unloaded our packages in their
cells to let them sleep the drugs off.I will get them up in the morning and
start their preparation for the slave auction.They should bring a handsome
price,but I hope the boss lady will want them for herself at the ranch.If she
does then I will get to break them in.YUM YUM.


END CHAPTER ONE                   BY PICK UP MAN

rolingthunder60@yahoo.com         RRolingthunder@aol.com

E MAIL ME IF YOU LIKE THE STORY




 PLEASE READ.Please do not use anything in my stories as a license to harm any
female or any other living thing.My stories are FICTION they are not real,if you
do not know the difference please stop .Do not read this story.Do not use my
story as an excuse to perform a despicable act,if you do don't try to blame it
on me.Be responsible for your own actions.


ASHLEY IN TROUBLE:

Chapter Two:

SHAMEFUL TREATMENT:

Ashley:
Oh my god I am in so much pain, my legs feel like they are on fire.I can hear
someone screaming as I roll on the floor and hold my wounded legs.Now I realize
the loud screaming is me,I know I will never be able to walk again.

He is standing over me with the whip in his hand,I know he will kill me with
it.He is telling me something as he pulls me to my feet.I can make out the words
SHUT UP as he yells in my ear.

Now he pulls me over to the bars where he puts handcuffs on me and with a small
chain he ties me to the bars.I am tied like a horse at a hitch rack.

I have stopped screaming now as he leaves me tied and can hear Silvie and Julie
screaming at the top of their lungs.I know they think he has killed me so I
shout at them that I am ok.They are screaming so loud they do not hear me.I am
still alive so far but the whip slash across my legs is still burning .

PICK UP MAN
Boy that little wench is nuts but I think I got her attention with the riding
crop across her naked legs.I know I will need the whip for the little tom boy
one,she is the wildest of the three.I think I will do her next before they wear
me out,I will save the other one for last as she is not quite as wild.

As soon as I reach the door of the little wild wench's cell she goes nuts,damm
her I should just shoot her with a tranquiller dart but I need her concusses for
the next part of their preparation.

As soon as I enter her cell I raise the whip high over my head and slice it
through the air causing it to make a whistling noise as it cuts through the
air.This stops her frantic running from side to side in the cell and stops her
screaming,now she just stands with her mouth open silently.I looking her face
and am reminded of a deer caught in the head lights of an oncoming car,she can
only stare at my upraised whip.

I have to raise my voice loudly to be heard over the two other screaming girls
to allow her to hear me.SHUT UP AND STAND STILL OR I WILL WHIP YOUR NAKED LEGS
WITH THIS WHIP.DO YOU UNDERSTAND?After taking a couple of seconds for it to sink
she nods her head that she understands.

As I move over to her I keep the whip in a upraised position to keep it fresh in
her mind, although I would not mind giving her shapely naked legs a couple of
stripes I don't at this time
.

Upon reaching her I tell her that she is going to get a shower and a change of
clothes ,this seems to calm her a little.She stands still while I put the cuffs
on her,then I lead her out the door and with a short chain I hook her cuffed
hands to the cell bars.

I am surprised this has worked so well since she was a little hell cat last
night at the pick house.Since this worked so well on the little wild wench it
should work on the other one.

ASHLEY
At first I thought he had killed Julie and Silvie when they had stopped
screaming but then I heard him talking to them and the chains rattling.

Now I can see them as he chains them to the bars of my cell and comes inside for
me.After he chains me with Julie and Silvie he tells us.DO NOT TALK ,DO NOT MOVE
all the while holding the dreadful whip up for us to see,we all nodded that we
understood.With that he left us and went to a large storage cabinet in the
middle of the ware house.

Both girls moved against my body and I could feel them trembling in fear as was
I.Very quietly I whispered to them to behave and follow his orders,I knew very
well the pain of his whip if we didn't and we would look for a chance to escape.
Quickly I whisper and tell the girl to be quiet as I see the nasty man is
returning.

As he approaches us I can see something in his hand, it looks like black leather
strap attached to a round donut looking thing although the round donut think is
smaller in diameter that a real dough. Since there seems to be three of them I
know we are not going to like this, and I have think I know what they are for.
The horrible nasty man is going to stick those horrid looking things in our
mouths. They look awfully big and I don't think I can't open my mouth wide even
if I wanted to, then at that same moment I realized I had forgot about his
terrible whip. At that moment I knew I would open my mouth and put to the
horrible thing in my own mouth ordered me to rather than to feel his whip again.
Quickly I whisper in a very low voice to Julie to Silvie to do as the man
ordered.

As he arrive in front of us he put the horrible whip into his belt and laid two
of the nasty looking leather things on the floor then he turned to me. Now I
knew I wasn't his first victim as he ordered. Open your mouth. Although my eyes
were riveted upon the horrid little donut thing he held in his hand my mind was
on the terrible whip he also had stuck in his belt. With that thought in my mind
my mouth popped open as I could still feel the pain in my legs from his terrible
whip. Quickly he thrust the nasty tasting little donut to my open mouth and
forced my jaw to further apart and lodging the round thing behind my teeth. My
poor jaws ached from being spread so far apart, quickly while still holding the
back of my head with his left hand he strapped this wicked gag behind my head.
Now I was unable to do any thing but wiggle my tongue and moan.As the man moves
over to Julie I look and can see the fear in both her and Silvie's eyes,I hope
they do not try to fight him and get the whip across their naked legs.

I think the man was ready for this as he picked up the gag Julie's mouth he also
pulled the whip from his belt and showed it to her. He ordered her to open her
mouth which and she did quickly as her eyes and stared at the wicked little
whip. With her mouth open heat quickly repeated the process of her mouth wide to
except the little donut and strapped it behind her head. Sylvie was gagged
quickly and soon we all stood to the bars like little pony's with round leather
bits in our mouths.

Standing before us the nasty man pulled something from his belt as he raised it
as he spoke to us. He said now that I have of your attention I think you girls
the take a lesson in how to follow orders. He holds the black leather things up
in front of us and asks if we know what it is.

He is holding a strange looking little leather whip thing in his hand. It is
about of 15 inched long with five or six leather strips about 8 in. long that
looked like leather shoe laces sticking out of it handle. Each of the leather
strips had small knot tied along their length and one not at the very end of
each strip. Although I did not know its exact purpose I knew I would not like
it. After giving us a few moments to look at it he spoke again. He said this is
a PUSSY WHIP.

I was shocked, this can not be, there can not be such a thing, you just can't
whip a girl there. My mind cannot comprehend such a thing, no one could to such
a thing, who could devise such an evil little whip, a girl just can't the
whipped in her most private place. I can't feel Julie and Sylvie and as they
push up closer against me and I feel shivering with a look of disbelief on their
faces.Then with a smile on his face the nasty man says it is also used as a
Breast Whip as the three of you will find out. This shocks all three of us, the
two girls put it even closer against me as we all three let out a gasp of a
shock and fear. 

I know we are all thinking the same thing,that he is going to use it on to us
now. My mind is racing, oh my God this cannot be happening to us. My thought are
interrupted and as he speaks again. Ok I am going to take you to start your
processing and a shower. He continues saying we will stop on the way as there is
a little demonstration I want you to observe. My mind still racing with thought
of horrible little whip being used on our most private and tender places take a
moment for the two for the realization to set in that he does not mean the right
now.

As he unhooks us from the cell bars and started leading us toward the far back
end of the large warehouse like building we are in. As he leads us a long like
three little puppies on our leashes I can see we are passing in front of a long
line of cells like the ones we were in, it is a very large building there are a
lot of cells. I am not to surprised that there are a girls in all of them, there
are girls about our age and some a little older than that looked to be in their
late teens or early 20s. Most of them or just setting on the edge of their beds
with a blank shocked look on their faces. Just as we reach the 10th cell in the
row I hear a loud scream up a head of us, it is a  female screaming, as we get
near her cell her screams stop for a few moment as she tries to yell.NOOO
PLLLEES NOOO.Then more screams.

I almost loose count of the cells but can see she is in number twenty, which is
the last one. The girls screamed become more frantic as we reach the front of
her cell, at that moment we all stopped dead in our tracks. The nasty man pulled
our chains until we were completely in front of the cell. I froze and could not
believe the scene before us.

There was a very beautiful young girl who looked to be a little older and the
three of us, but the shocking thing was she it was completely naked and the up
side down. she also has one of the nasty tasting donuts and her mouth like the
one the three of us are sucking on.  Her ankles are strapped to each end of a
steel bar about four feet long.A cable hanging from a winch looking thing in the
ceiling is attached to the center of the steel bar which holds the girls legs
wide spread and her ahead at about three ft. above the floor. Her hands are
cuffed behind her back and all she can do is try to swing her body and scream
while trying to jerk her self loose from her fully exposed  position. 

I can also see there are to other people in the cell with her. The most striking
one is a very beautiful woman who looked to be in her mid twenties. Her long
black hair cascades down her almost naked back as her only clothing is a tiny
back leather bra and a very brief pair of black leather panties. Then I notice
the two holes which allow her rigid excited nipples to protrude. As I gaze at
her skimpy outfit and notice the little whip in her right hand.Oh my God it is a
PUSSY WHIP, and she is going to use it on the poor hanging girl. Now the woman
grasps the poor girl's hair and lift her head up so what she can speak into the
poor girls ear and be heard above her frantic screams   and order her to shut
up.

The hanging girl stops her screams long enough for the woman to say in a loud
voice. So if you don't want to follow orders I am going to teach you the painful
error in your ways. You will be happy to suck cock when I finish with you. Now
the poor girl start to scream again.NOOO PLLLEES DOOON. This is all she can
manage to get out around her gag, this and more screams.

A movement and the corner of the cell next to the bunk draws my attention , I
can see a man standing there. I had not paid much attention to him before but
now that my eyes are riveted upon him. He is completely naked except for a black
mask and a very skimpy pair of black leather briefs which barely cover him. I
can clearly see the outline of his hard man thing which almost spills out over
the waist band. To my attention is drawn back to the poor hanging girl as the
woman has her by the hair again and it is yelling at her. The woman again orders
her to shut up. The girls screaming and begging ceases for a few moments and the
woman speaks to her again. For your disobedience I am going to give you three to
of my best right down the middle of your cute little pussy, as soon as the
girl's mind process is this she goes into a wild series of jerking shaking and
twisting while screaming at the top of her lungs.

Julie and Sylvie pressed their bodies closer against me as we all three shiver
at the prospect of what is about to happen to this poor girl. I am still in
shock with a pitcher of myself hanging and the girls place when the leather clad
lady raises the horrible little whip high above her head. I have stopped
breathing as have the other two girls as we await the strike of the woman's whip
into the vee of the poor unfortunate girl.

As I watched in what seems to be slow motion the woman hole the whip high in the
air and seems to wait for the exact moment the poor girl stops her screams long
enough to catch a another breath of air. At that exact moment I see the little
whip flash through the air and the sand with a slight whistling sound, followed
by a sickening splat as it buries itself between the young girls legs.

I see the poor girl's body jerk as the knotted leather throngs bury themselves
between the poor girl's pussy lips. As I watch the whole thing in slow motion it
seems like  minutes although I know it is only a split second until air is
filled with an ear splitting scream. She is going berserk screaming and the
thrashing wildly like a wild animal hanging from the steel bar. The woman stands
back have not to be hit by the scream in thrashing girl. The man to move from
the back of the cell to stand beside the leather clad woman and I can see he has
his stiff ugly thing out in his hand. I am shocked to see how large it is, I had
only seen little boys things while baby sitting.

The poor girl's struggles have slowed as she tires and her screams have died
down a little as the woman grasps her hair again to speak to her. You have to
more lashes coming and then you will suck this cock and if you don't I will have
him fuck your throat while I whip your pussy until you pass out. The young girl
shakes her head and screams.NOOOO NOO PLLLLS NOOOO. At that same instant the
little black whip slices through the air into her already pain filled pussy.
This immediately brings a high pitch scream from her as she again to go in to a
frenzy of shaking and jerking from the incredible pain to her tender pussy.

I am startled as I stand holding my breath, I cannot believe what I see
happening before me. I can feel both Julie and Sylvie as of they try to move
their bodies closer to me for comfort as we watched this unbelievable act of
cruelty.

The wicked woman with the whip watches as the poor girl's struggles began to
cease then she strikes again. The little black snake from the hell slices in to
the poor girl's spread lips again bringing a another round of pitiful screams
and the frantic body jerks and struggles. The sight of all of this is a terrible
thing to watch but I am unable to look at away, tears now string down my cheeks.
I cannot push the image of the three of us hanging by our ankles while the
terrible little whip slices in to our tender spread lips, a coal to shiver runs
through me at the very thought.

Soon the poor struggling girl tires and just hang limply from the steel bar and
moans in her extreme pain. The leather clad woman steps back in front of her and
grasps her hair again pulling her tear stained face up to speak to her. Now
would you like to suck a cock? Franticly the poor girl shakes her head yes and
loudly moans.YEEEEEEES PLLLLEESSS. The woman speaks to her again. I think you
have learned your lesson and if you haven't I have many other delightful thing I
will do to you. The young girl violently shakes her head yes.

Now the woman steps back and motions the man over to the girls waiting mouth. As
he stands before the hanging girl I can see why she is hanging so far from the
floor as this puts her mouth level with his man thing. Now I get a much better
look at his stiff thing I can see it is very large and at that same moment I
realize what the donut thing in our mouths is for. I realize the hole is there
for a man to put his nasty thing in our mouths. I cannot believe what is it
about to happen, I cannot believe they are going to do that to us also. My mind
will not allow me to imagine a man putting his nasty thing in my mouth, with
this horrid file tasting thing between my teeth I could not push it back out
with just my tongue.

The man now grasps the girl's hair with one hand and his stiff thing into the
round donut holding her teeth apart, I can see she closes her eyes while pushing
her mouth toward the head of his thing. Still moaning she allows him to slips a
bout half his hard shaft into her mouth.

I gasp in horror along with Silvie and Julie at the sight of such a large thing
being forced into the girl's mouth. I would never have imagined such a thing. I
now realize why the hole in the dough thing is so large, now I wonder what kind
of a sick mind dream it up.

I am shocked at a again as the man grasps the poor girl's head and starts
shoving his stiff of thing in and out of her mouth, pulling it almost out and
going back in. After a few moments of this he pulls his now wet thing from her
mouth and steps back. The leather clad woman now step forward and removes the
girls gag while warning her to keep quiet. With the gag removed the man steps up
to her again and grasping her head with both hands he sticks his nasty things
back into her waiting mouth. Now holding her head into his firm grasp he starts
to a violent in and out motion in the girls mouth. I can see the poor girl is
trying to suck his huge thing while trying to gasp for breath while he is
strangling her with his large man thing.

At this moment the nasty man pulls on our chains and orders us to follow him
saying it is time for us to be processed.

END CHAPTER TWO        (MORE TO COME LATER)

PICK UP MAN

If you like my story e mail me.

RRolingthunder@aol.com   rolingthunder60@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





