BDSM Library - Nicole: Jouney Of A Slave




Nicole: Jouney Of A Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The tale is of the journey of a young woman who is a 24/7 slave.
NICOLE; JOUNEY OF A SLAVE
             By: Charles E. Campbell

   Nicole sat patiently in the posh outer office of her Master. In the hour plus
since her arrival in answer to His summons, she had let her mind wander down
many paths. How many times had she sat here like this in the past six months;
was it eight, twelve, more? She really couldn't be sure. What would people think
about this rich and powerful corporate legend if they learned of His
relationship with her? Or did people know? Did His silver-haired matronly
secretary know why she sat here and waited in silence, ensconsed on the rich
burgundy leather sofa? She had to know, or at least have an idea as to why this
raven headed beauty would sit here in a full length black leather trench coat,
so quickly after she placed the telephone call. Was she aware that the coat was
all that kept her nakedness a secret? Or was it not a secret at all? Why was the
secretary here at her desk? After all, it was past 2:00 in the afternoon on a
beautiful Saturday in August. Why didn't she speak to her? Why did her eyes
always look away whenever Nicole looked up?

   The outer office was quite large and had been decorated in a way that was
subdued, but didn't belie the obvious wealth of the man to whom it belonged.
Original oils hung on the walls above the dark walnut wainscoating. The carpet,
which was a shade lighter than the sofa and chairs, had a pile that was tick and
more reminiscent of a master bedroom than an executive's office. The secretary's
desk was massive, but plain, and stood as a highly polished sentinel to the
private inner office. It was also devoid of the normal trappings one would
expect to find. There was no "in & out" basket, no roladex, no computer, nor
even a phone. Just a handsome desk- set, blotter, and desk lamp. In the corner,
behind the desk, stood a nine-foot turn of the century grandfather clock, which
subtley proclaimed her Master's true self, both the minute and hour hands had
been removed and were replaced by hands shaped like riding crops, Master's
favorite whip.

   Nicole could feel the drops of moisture gather and roll from her perfumed
underarms, slowly making their way down her sides to the seat of the sofa. Her
hands were damp and clammy, as her nerves steadily began to take hold of her.
Had He ever made her wait this long before? Had she displeased Him in some way
known only to Him? Trying to make herself believe that the anticipation and
waiting was worse than the impending audience with Master did little to allay
her nervous nibble on her bottom lip. Unexpectedly, His secretary rose, and
opened the door to the inner office. Nicole took her cue, and, trembling
slightly, stood and walked through the heavy oak door that lead to His private
office.

   No words were spoken, as she slowly walked across the seemingly endless
expanse of hardwood floor, but no words were required, she knew her place.
Nicole went straight to the closet that was hidden in the paneled wall to the
left of His desk. She removed the leather coat and hung it carefully on a
hanger. Her spike heels were taken off and placed on the closet floor. Once she
was completely naked, she pulled open a drawer in the back of the closet and
took her slave collar out, fastening it snuggly around her smooth throat. She
then closed the drawer and the closet door, and walking back in front of the
desk, she knelt down, with her head bowed, her eyes closed, her arms folded
behind her back, hands clasping her elbows, her knees and mouth open, and she
waited once again

   For Nicole, time wasn't measured in seconds, or even minutes. It was measured
in the size of the pool of sweat that fell on the hard floor. It was measured in
the slowly growing ache in her knees and shoulders as she fought to remain
perfectly still. It was measured in the pounding of her heart, as she awaited
that which only her Master knew.

   Finally, after an eternity, in His soft but measured baritone voice, Master
began to speak:

   "Nicole, today I met with an old friend, who it also a wealthy client of
Mine. After exchanging the usual pleasantries, he informed Me of a formal garden
party, which he is having at his estate this afternoon. He has invited you and I
to attend, along with eight other couples. My friend, I might add, is fully
aware of our relationship and of our participation in the S & M scene. His other
guests are strangers to Me, and are not into the scene.

   "I told my friend that I have recently been very unhappy with your attitude
and that your behavior was grossly lacking. I, therefore, had to decline his
invitation on those grounds. He begged Me to reconsider my decision, but I
thanked him and remained steadfast, stating that in all probability, I would
just go home and punish you for causing Me to miss his party.

   "Being the good friend that he is, he suggested and compromise. You and I
could attend his affair, but we could use it as a vehicle for your punishment.
He feels that seeing the eight other couples view your punishment would be quite
enjoyable for him. I remarked that since you had rarely been exhibited or
humiliated in front of people outside of the scene, that this should be an
excellent opportunity to enhance your continued slave training. I then agreed
that we would attend the party, but with one stipulation. I offered you as the
entertainment for the afternoon. Our host graciously accepted my offer.

   "As I said, this is quite a formal affair, requiring dinner jackets and full
length gowns. Butlers, waiters, maids, and other servants will be in attendance
to see to the guest's various needs. You, however, will not need to be concerned
over your choice of attire. You will need to wear only three things. Since you
will be escorted to the party on your dog leash, you will wear your studded
black leather dog collar, your pair of four inch black spike heels, and your
most copious pair of nipple rings. To further enhance the effect of the black
leather and steel against your smooth white skin, you are to remove all of your
body hair from your armpits down, paying particular attention to not leaving any
stubble around your cunt and asshole. And, if I may make a suggestion, since
this afternoon's weather forecast calls for high humidity and temperatures in
the mid-nineties, I would recommend that you take great care in the selection
and generosity of your perfume. We wouldn't want any of the guests to leave
because you offended their sense of smell.

   "Our host is sending his private car to pick us up, so you will have no need
of any clothing whatsoever.

   "I have given a great deal of thought about your dual role as the
entertainment for the party and your much deserved punishment. You will,
therefore, need to get the following items from your "toy chest" and bring them
with you: a penis gag, a set of nipple weights, a butt plug, a selection of
different whips, (possibly a cane, a cat, a crop, a birch rod, and whatever you
prefer), a pair of rings to compliment the ones in your nipples, and one larger
ring that will stand out from the others. Remember to choose the whips wisely,
as the length and severity of your punishment will be reflected by the choices
you make.

   "When we arrive, one of the valets will lead you on your leash to the lawn
where the party will be taking place. We will be arriving late to insure that
the other guests will already be there. In that way we will provide the guests
with the opportunity to witness your entrance. At this point, you will be
chained to a stake in the ground. The penis gag will be firmly strapped into
your mouth, the nipple weights attached to your nipples, and the ungreased butt
plug will be shoved into your ass. You will be thusly on display for the
remainder of the cocktail hour and the serving of the entree. I will try to
remember to have a butler bring you a dish of water from a toilet, should you
get thirsty, but since I have the only key to your penis gag, I would also have
to remember to come over to you and unlock it.

   "In between the entree and the dessert, you will begin the entertainment. I
will remove the gag and a valet will remove your weights and butt plug. Please
do not forget to lick it clean before it is put away. The valet will then lead
you on your leash over to where the women are seated. You will introduce
yourself to the women, and explain to them what you are and what your sole
purpose is. At this time, you will show them the different whips and explain to
them what they are for. Keep in mind, that in all probability, the female guests
have never seen whips before and they do not know of their varied applications.
They will need instructions from you as to which whip is the best to use on your
breasts, or which one will raise immediate welts on your ass and thighs. They do
not know which one is the most effective choice when whipping your cunt, or even
which one will draw blood by the second stroke. You are to beg each of the women
to mete out five lashed each with the whip of their choice. You must guide them
in their choices and convince them to be severe. If you do not, then the man
will be given the same opportunity. When they have selected a whip, you will
position yourself to as to provide the clearest access to their chosen target.
Of course you will thank them after the deliverance of each lash, and kiss their
feet after the fifth one.

   "When all eight women have finished whipping you, you will be escorted to the
table where the meal was served. I have had the good fortune of dining at this
table, and I must say it is magnificent. The legs are made of wrought iron and
the top is a heavy sheet of clear glass. You will lie down on the table and be
bound spread-eagled to the four legs. As the guests watch, I will then pierce
the lips of your cunt and insert the rings you chose. After the guests have all
had a chance to handle and examine the rings, I will pierce your clitoris and
insert the larger ring. At this point, you will be untied. You are then to climb
under the table and accept the offering of the male guests and our host in your
mouth. Please take extra care to see that you swallow all of the seed you are
given.

   "Have you any questions?"

   "No, Master," she replied.

   "Very well. Then go and prepare yourself, we leave in an hour."




NICOLE, JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 2

MISTRESS AND THE COUNTESS


   "Courtney Havilland......COURTNEY HAVILLAND,"  Nicole muttered aloud, as she
rode in the back seat of the sleek black Jaguar. The name stuck in her throat
like a bitter pill, conjuring up long suppressed memories of her two and a half
year association with the "Super Bitch" back in college. Courtney with the
flaming red Mercedes 450SL. Courtney with the surfer blond hair cascading over
her shoulders in a strapless gown at the Homecoming Ball. Courtney, president of
the most prestigious sorority house on campus, Tri-Pi.

   Nicole had been working her way through college with a loan string of loans
and the work study program, slaving away on the food service line twenty-five
hours per week. Clearing plates, busing tables, washing the floors, and all the
while listening to the snide comments Courtney would make at a volume just loud
enough to be audible. During Rush Week of her Junior year, Nicole had been asked
to pledge Tri-Pi. Still too naive to see through the thinly veiled disguise of
the offer, she had accepted the invitation. Eight weeks of pledging activities
ensued: hazing doing cleaning chores at the stately sorority house, serving the
needs of the sisters, all the while keeping up with her own studies and work
load. .All of these things she endured, truly believing  she would be accepted
as a member when Hell week ended.

   Then, on the final night of Hell week, it all came to a crashing end. Nicole
was lead into a secret anteroom in the basement of the Tri-Pi house where they
told her that she was to be prepared for her final test before becoming a
sister. Blindfolded, stripped naked, and gagged with her own panties, her hands
were bound behind her back and she was taken into  then hidden ceremonial room
and tied to an eight foot bondage cross in the center of the room. Her ankles,
thighs, wrists, upper arms, waist and neck were firmly secured to the cross with
leather straps.

   After an eternity passed, her blindfold was torn off her face and floodlights
flashed on from all sides of the room, bathing her in a fierce light. A figure
in a long black hooded robe approached and knelt before her, and using a large
hunting knife, proceeded to shave all of the hair from her pubis. When she was
smooth and clean, the figure stood and pulled a large black dildo out of a
pocket in the side of the robe, and slipping behind Nicole, buried it in her ass
with one shocking jab. Nicole's muffled scream was the only sound in the room.

  A different hooded figure appeared out of the darkened shadows leading the
sorority's mascot, an enormous Irish Wolfhound, on a thick leash. The figure
pointed the beast's face at the poor girl's crotch, and instantly a cold wet
nose probed the orifice, followed quickly by it's lapping tongue.

   "Look girls, I told you she was an animal," a voice broke the silence, "Look
how Brutus takes to her." Laughter burst out all around the room.

   "I think she's done this before," another voice added, "she really seems to
like it a lot!"

   "When Brutus has had enough, maybe she should service him with those pouty
lips of hers." That voice was familiar to Nicole, for it belonged to Courtney
Havilland.

   Then all at once, the dog was pulled from her dripping cunt, but before she
could gather her thoughts, it began. Slowly at first, and then faster and more
continuous. The first used tampon struck Nicole on the cheek under her left eye,
leaving a smear of blood as it fell to the floor. More tampons, soiled sanitary
pads, and spent condoms followed, leaving their marks on her from her face to
her feet.

   "I always said she dresses like a rag, now she's gone and proved me right.
She evens wears our old rags."

   "This tramp is a bloody mess," Courtney again, but this time with  in a mock
Cockney accent. The assemblage laughing aloud at that one. "She really wants to
be treated like a piece......of.........SHIT1" And with the word shit, Nicole
was struck in the chest, between her breasts, with a handful of Brutus'
excrement. The odor caused her to cough. More dog shit was flung at Nicole,
striking her in the stomach, legs and face, while taunting jeers and shouts
filled her ears.

    When she finally realized it was over, she opened her eyes and saw that the
floodlights had been shut off, and only a bare bulb hanging from the ceiling lit
the room. That was when she saw the video camera ten feet in front of her, with
the record light still on. A tape recording her humiliation for all time.

   "Brittany and Alexis, untie this tramp and put her out of our house. How she
ever thought that she could be our sister is an insult to the history of this
sorority," Courtney said.

   Nicole felt the straps loosening from her body, and then hands grabbed both
of her arms and pushed her up the basement stairs and into the backyard of the
house. Thankfully, it was dark outside, as she was not given back her clothes.
She pulled the dildo out of her ass, removed her gag, and slipped into her
saliva soaked panties. Slowly and cautiously she made her way back to her dorm,
keeping to the back alleys and wooded paths to avoid detection, all the while on
the watch to see if any Tri-Pi's was waiting in ambush for her.

   When she finally reached her dorm room, still covered with the signs of her
ordeal, she found a copy of the video tape and a note from Courtney explaining
that if she ever tried to associate with any of the sisters again, the tape
would be mailed to her parents, or possibly her husband after she married, or
maybe even to a prospective employer when she went looking for a job.

   Of course she dropped out of school that very night, pacing her bag and
taking the 5:30AM Greyhound for the long and lonely nine hour bus ride home.

   Courtney Havilland.......how could Master ever put her in a situation where
she would be forced to confront that monster again? Of course she knew that the
answer was simple. He wasn't aware of Nicole's past experiences with Courtney,
but even if she were to tell Him what had happened to her those twelve years
before, she knew that He would do nothing to alter the path she now had to take.

   Master had summoned her, as was his way, to His plush corporate office last
Tuesday. True to His time honored ritual, after entering His office, she removed
all of her clothing, put on her slave collar, and knelt before his desk, with
her head bowed, knees spread, and her arms folded behind her back. He spoke to
her of an old friend of His, Mistress Ilsa, a well known participant in the S &
M scene. He told her that He owed Mistress a favor, and that She now wanted to
collect on it by borrowing Nicole's services for an afternoon. Acknowledging His
indebtedness to Mistress, Master readily agreed to lending Nicole to Her
whenever she would be required. This is what had sent Nicole to her appointment
with Mistress Ilsa last Friday morning.

   Nicole had been on time for her meeting with Mistress at the townhouse
address that Master had provided. He told her that, like Himself, Mistress was
also a devotee of ritual, and that She would expect total obedience and
submission from her. When Nicole rang the bell at the front door, she was not at
all prepared for what she would see. She was met at the door by a young woman
who was completely naked. All of her body hair from head to foot was gone. Heavy
stainless steel rings pierced her nipples and labia. Her left breast bore a
recent brand. Before Nicole could recover her composure, the woman ordered her
to undress right there on the doorstep, and place the clothes in the garbage can
to the right of the door. When Nicole was naked, the girl handcuffed her hands
behind her back and escorted her through the door.

    Nicole was lead down a long stairway that ended in a dark hall in the
basement of the townhouse. At the end of the hallway was a full length mirror,
which Nicole was made to stand in front of. Lights suddenly came on her, so that
her reflection in the mirror was all she could see. Then at once, a voice came
out of the darkness, directed at her. "Slave Nicole, I am Mistress Ilsa. You are
to refer to Me only as Mistress, for My name is too hallowed to be uttered from
the mouth of a slut slave. The image that you see reflected before you is Mine
and Mine alone, to do with as I please: to use, abuse, humiliate, and display
however and whenever it suits Me. Your Master has given you to Me, so you are
now My possession.

   "Because you do not know me, I will explain what it is that I have in mind
for you. But, at any time in the future when I may have some use for you, you
may be assured that I will not explain myself, because I do not need to explain
to a possession how that possession is to be used. Do I make myself clear,
cunt?"
   "Yes, Mistress."

   "Very good. Now here is My situation. I belong to a small bridge group that
meets weekly, rotating to the homes of the different members. Recently, a new
woman joined our group. To say that I abhor her is an understating of my
feelings toward her. She is a smug and pretentious bitch, so self-involved as to
think that the world exists for her! I, however, plan to show her the error of
her ways.

   "A few of the ladies I play with are aware of my place in the world of S & M,
but most of them are not. The next meeting of our group is scheduled for this
bitch's house, so I have devised little plan to get her out of our groupd
forever.

   "This woman's name is Countess Rahman. She married some rich Arab oil magnate
who is in his late sixties and he bought her a title. Amazing what money can do.
I have arranged for her maid to be out of town for the next few days on a family
emergency. Knowing how upsetting it would be for her to host the bridge group
without her maid, I have come to the rescue and offered her the use of mine.
That, of course, is you.

   "When will you get your next period?"

   "It should start this Tuesday, Mistress."

   "And what days is usually your haviest flow?"

   "That would be the third day, Mistress, so it should be on Thursday."

   "Perfect. That's what your Master told Me, but I wanted to be sure, because
it plays a big part in my plans. You will be brought here to My  house Thursday
morning by My chauffeur. He will pick you up at 8:00AM. We need to leave for the
bridge group by 11:00, so this should give us the time we will need to prepare
you. Did you happen to notice my slave, the one who let you in?"

   "Yes, Mistress."

   And what, my little cunt, did you notice about her?"

   "Well, Mistress, she has no hair on her head, or anywhere else."

   "Yes, and what else?"


   "She wears rings through her nipples and pussy."

   "Of course she bears rings, you timid bitch, but she has no pussy. That
pierced object is a cunt. A pussy is something you would find on a sixteen year
old virgin, not on a slave. What else did you see?"

   "Her breast has been branded, Mistress."

    "And did you get a chance to inspect it, slave?"

   "No, Mistress."

   "Well then, we shall have to remedy that. Whore!" she yelled. "Come in here
at once." A door in the hall opened, and the slave girl silently appeared.

   "Slave Nicole, this is whore. She has no name. Only a term that describes
her. None of My slaves have names, as they are not worthy of a name. Whore,
unlock her handcuffs."

   Nicole felt the pressure on her wrists subside when the steel cuffs were
removed.

   "whore, Nicole has been lent to Me by her Master, so she is not truly My
slave. At least, not yet! Please tell Slave Nicole why you have no hair."

   "Yes, my Mistress. Mistress does not allow any hair on any of Her slaves as
hair can be both a distracting decoration of the body and a means of hiding
parts of the body. Mistress demands that Her slaves be visible at all times and
wants nothing to compete with the reality of our nakedness. We are always naked
in Her presence and openly offer it to Her as a sign of our willingness to serve
Her.

   "Now whore, show her your brand. Nicole, I want you to put your fingers into
it and feel the depth of it. Notice the contrast of the smooth silky skin of her
breast with that of the scarred burn tissue in the brand. Whore, why do you bear
My brand?"

   It is really quite simple. I am what I am for Mistress. I exist for Mistress.
I proudly display Her marks upon my body as proof that I please Her."

   "Now, Nicole, since you are not truly My slave, but just a trainee, I will
not require that that raven black hair of yours be shorn, but I will, however,
expect that all of that offensive hair around your cunt and asshole be gone
before Thursday. And I want you to know that I have a delicious surprise in
store for that lovely left breast of yours, but I will wait until Thursday to
tell you about that. Now whore, take this slut back outside. She may dress on
the stoop. And Nicole, you had best be prompt when My driver comes to call
Thursday morning."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

CHAPTER 3

MISTRESS AND THE COUNTESS

   For Nicole, the six days between her meeting with Mistress Ilsa and the
appointed day  for serving Her dragged by at a snail's pace. Many thoughts from
her initial encounter came back to her; what was the "delicious surprise" She
had in store? Who was the mysterious woman whom Mistress hated so badly? What
did Nicole's period have to do with Her "plan"? Trying to rationalize that
waiting would provide the only answers didn't help. Ever so slowly the days
dwindled down to three, then two, then one, and then, finally, it was Thursday
morning.

   Right at the stroke of 8:00, a jet black Jaguar pulled up in front of
Nicole's apartment building. She had been agonizing since 6:00 as to how she
should dress. Master's preferences in this area were well known to her, but
Mistress had made no stipulations, excepting that she was to be clean shaven.
Not wanting to take a chance in missing any hair, Nicole had made a trip to the
beauty salon for a wax dipilatory of the area Mistress found so distasteful.
Surely this would please Mistress, she thought.

   Nicole had reasoned that following her Master's dress code would be the most
logical thing for her to do, so she chose a plaid skirt, a V neck blouse with
buttons down the front, and a pair of flats, with no stockings, bra, or panties.
Master liked for her to look like a young child in public.

   She walked down the two flights of stairs and got into the car. Without so
much as a word, the driver put the car in gear and headed off for Mistress'
townhouse.

   The drive to the townhouse was made in silence, the driver never taking his
eyes off the road. Nicole tried very hard not to stare at the handsome young man
at the wheel, but found it difficult, especially after she noticed that he had
no hair on his head. The Jag didn't stop in front of the building, but went down
a driveway that lead underneath it. When the car stopped, her door was opened
for her by whore. Nicole could see that whore's body showed signs of a recent
and very severe whipping. Marks crisscrossed her legs, with blood oozing out in
several places.

   When Nicole got out of the car, whore shut the door and started to walk
toward a door in the garage. Sensing that she should follow, Nicole started
after her. Whore held the door open for Nicole, so she could enter first. Before
Nicole even could say 'Thank you,' the door slammed shut, and she was alone and
in total darkness. She stood as still as she could, until a voice said: "Walk
forward, slave."

   Ever so slowly she inched forward, fearing she might trip over some unseen
object. Then, off to her left, a light illuminated a cardboard box. The voice
said, "Remove that ridiculous little girl outfit and put all of it in the box."

   Nicole stripped off her clothing, and placed it in the box as she was bade.
Then the voice commanded, " whore, take that box to the incinerator and burn it.
This cunt can't even remember that being naked is her lot in life." Then to
Nicole, the voice continued, "And if you ever enter my house again with any
clothing on, I will punish you so harshly that you will never again entertain
wearing clothes. Now, walk over to that table." And with that, another light lit
up a table a few feet away from the young slave girl. "whore, put my collar
around her neck."

   Once again, whore seemed to appear out of thin air, and picked up the collar.
As she put it on her, the voice said, "You will notice that this is not some
ordinary collar like you are most likely accustomed to. This is a slave collar
of my own design. Once whore fastens it around that pretty little neck of yours,
it can only be taken off by cutting the leather. It is my gift to you, and you
are to wear it at all times; at home, at work, at the beach, even at your
parent's house for Thanksgiving dinner. You are a slave, and it is to be
immediately obvious to all who see you. Do I make myself clear, slut?"

   "Yes, Mistress," came the reply.

   "whore, put those steel rings through the piercings in her nipples."

   A shudder ran through Nicole has she felt the icy steel being inserted into
her nipples. Whore's hands felt more like the talons of  some bird of prey,
rather than the hands of a young girl. "That's fine, she's starting to look more
like  real slave now. Whore, pick up that rusty old lock and slip it through the
holes in her cunt lips. The lock is old and weighs almost a pound, so it should
distend those smooth shaven lips pretty far."

   Nicole could feel whore's fingers feeling for the holes in her labia. When
she had located them, she forced the lock through the holes and locked it in
place. "Drop the lock, whore," came the command. Nicole's body jerked as the
full weight of the lock pulled down on her. "The lock, my little one, will
proclaim to all at the bridge group today that I control you in every sense of
the word. And, when your menstrual flows starts to seep out, it should provide
the effect I am looking for.

   "whore, tie her to the rack and decorate her belly and thighs for me. She
looks too much like some cheap bondage magazine slave. And whore, keep in mind
that if I do not approve of your handiwork, you will take her place on the
rack."

   The overhead lights came on, drenching the room from floor to ceiling.
Initially blinded, Nicole's eyes gradually adjusted to the bright light,
allowing her to see that she was in a painstakingly exact replica of some
torture chamber from the Spanish Inquisition. Whore lead her by the arm over to
the rack, and made her lie down on her back, with her arms stretched over her
head. Whore placed the cuffs on her wrists and ankles and then walked to the
foot of the rack and began to turn the wheel. Instantly, Nicole could feel her
arms being pulled away from her feet. Whore didn't stop until Nicole was moaning 
in pain. A wedge was then put in the wheel so that it couldn't slip and loosen
the tension on Nicole's taut body.

   Whore disappeared for a few seconds and then came back brandishing a long and
wicked looking piece of cane. "Heed my warning, whore," came Mistress' voice
from a throne-like chair near a wall. Nicole heard the whistle of the cane as it
slashed through the air, landing with a cutting force across both of her thighs
at the same time. As she screamed with all of her might, and tensed against her
bonds, another blow followed, just a bit higher on her thighs than the first.
And then another, and another, until Nicole's screams were continuous and she
was bathed in sweat.

   When it was all over, Nicole's belly and thighs were covered in a vivid
series of deep red welts, with tiny pinpricks of blood showing on the angrier
ones. "Nicely performed, whore, you mat yet earn a treat today. Now, take her to
the stocks, and give some attention to her right breast. But the right one only.
I have something special in mind for the left one, and I want it untouched."

   The dull ache in Nicole's shoulders slowly ebbed as whore released the wheel.
When the cuffs were taken off, whore helped her to her feet and walked her over
to the most barbaric instrument Nicole had ever seen. Mistress had referred to
it as the stocks, but it bore almost no resemblance to that Puritan humiliation
device that shared the name. Instead of the two pieces of wood with holes cut in
them for the head and hands, this one was made of plexiglass and had only two
holes in it. As Nicole was lead around to the bench, she could see two six inch
sections of broomsticks sticking up from the bench. Whore helped get her in
position and guided the two shafts into the openings of her cunt and ass, and
then, all at once, she reached up and pulled down on Nicole's shoulders with all
of her weight. A high pitched shriek filled the chamber. whore then took a
length of steel fishing line and wrapped it tightly around Nicole's right breast
many times, causing the veins to turn blue and her breast to get hard. Then she
took a piece of rope and tied Nicole's arms behind her back, pulling the rope
tight so that her elbows touched. This caused Nicole's breasts to be thrust out.
whore then pulled the end of the fishing line through the hole in the
plexiglass, and pulled the breast through the hole by the wire. she fastened  it
to a cleat on the other side, after checking to see that it was as tight as it
could go.

   To say that her position was uncomfortable would be understating it. Her ass
and pussy were filled with the wooden shafts. Her breast had gone numb, and she
was pulled flat against the glass with no room to squirm. Whore then held up a
whip to Nicole's face, the likes of which she had never seen. It had a short
wooden handle with five strands of thin cord attached to it. And tied to the
ends of the cords were small steel fishing hooks.

   Without warning, whore struck the breast with such force that the five hooks
were imbedded in the smooth skin of her breast, and a strong tug was needed to
rip them free. As she screamed, Nicole looked down at her breast, and through
the tears that streamed from her eyes, she saw five deep lacerations with blood
running from each one. Again the scourge found it's mark, and again, and again.
After the fifth blow, whore stopped.

   It took over five minutes for Nicole to stop screaming. When she looked at
her throbbing right breast, she could not recognize it. Where once a flawless
milky white breast had been, now there was a quivering mound of mutilated flesh,
with blood dripping down the glass and forming a pool at Nicole's feet. 	
She had been whipped before, but the marks had always gone away within a week or
so. These marks, she knew, would remain with her forever, as a lifelong reminder
of Mistress Ilsa's power!

   "Nicely done once again, whore. I don't think I have ever seen you so into
this before. I fear that I shall have to reward you. Now, take off that wire
that's binding her breast.

   "Nicole, you will feel a bit more pain as the circulation returns to that
ugly teat of yours. The bleeding may get heavier also. whore, do not allow her
to wipe the blood off. This is an important part of my plan."

   As Nicole was to learn, Mistress was true to Her word. As the circulation
returned, the blood flowed more freely and the pain increased.

   "Slave Nicole," Mistress said, "you have been prepared for My uses of you. We
will be departing in fifteen minutes, so I am going to explain to you what My
plan is, and, more importantly, what your role is.

   "My chauffeur will drive us to our destination. When we arrive, you will pull
the tampon out of your cunt. I want the flow going down your legs soon after we
arrive.

   "As I said, my ploy for bringing you with me is that you are my maid who will
be filling in as a substitute. Most of your chores will be the duties that are
typically associated with this position. You will be serving drinks, clearing
ashtrays, serving food, and the like. Whenever one of the women needs to use the
toilet, you will accompany them. I have seen to it that there will be no toilet
paper available in the bath, so all of the cleaning chores will be done with
your mouth. When you are not working, you will squat in a corner of the dining
room, so that your menstrual blood will make a puddle on the floor.

   "When the bridge games are through, you will approach Me, in front of our
hostess, and ask if you have pleased Me. When I reply that you have, you will
hand Me this small leather bag, which will be placed in the corner where you
have been squatting. At that point, you will climb up on the antique linen
tablecloth that covers the dining room table, so that your cunt blood will
spread out as it stains the cloth, and hold up your left breast to Me. My little
surprise for you is that I intend to scarify your breast with an intricate
pattern of designs using a razor knife from the bag. The fresh blood dripping
from your left teat will balance nicely with the dried blood on your ugly right
one, and it will all mingle with the mess coming from your crotch. I am sure
that My "friend" will be so appalled by my actions in her home that she will
quickly drop out of our group.

   "By the way, slave, did I mention that I think you may know this woman?"

   "No, Mistress, You didn't."

   "I didn't? What name did I give you?"

   "You said her name was Countess Rahman, Mistress."

   "Yes, or course, but I think you might remember her by her maiden name, and
that was,.......COURNEY........HAVILLAND111'




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER 4

THE YACHT

   Nicole was awake, as was her practice, at 6:20AM, and did her twenty minute
exercise regimen. At 6:45 she was seated at her kitchen table nibbling on her
breakfast, reading the morning paper, and idly listening to the weather forecast
on the radio, when the doorbell rang. She answered the door to find the
building's doorman, William, standing there.

   "This envelope arrived for you, Miss Hastings," William said.

   Nicole thanked him as she took the envelope and slipped a two- dollar tip
into his hand. She closed the door and bolted the lock. Walking back to the
kitchen, she recognized the unmistakable handwriting of her Master, Sir
Campbell.

    Master was very fond of rituals and had a steadfast rule about Nicole being
naked when He addressed her. As silly as it seemed, she knew that this envelope
was an extension of these rules, so before opening the envelope, Nicole undid
the buttons on her flannel work shirt, and slipping it off her shoulders, draped
it over the back of her chair. The note inside was clear and concise, it read:
"Nicole, my driver will be in front of your building at 8:00AM. The usual attire
is acceptable. Be punctual."

   It was now ten minutes before seven, so she didn't have much time. Taking a
quick bite of her buttered toast, she grabbed her coffee mug and headed for the
bathroom. Fortunately for her, the time she needed in preparing for her meetings
with Master had been drastically reduced. Ever since she had started having
regular wax depilitories of her pubic area, she had been able to get ready for
Him much faster.

   Stepping out of the shower, she patted her hair dry, and wrapped it up in a
towel. Applying her make-up came first. She applied a generous splash of perfume
to both underarms, her belly, and between her breasts. The, while she waited for
the first application to dry, she applied her special brown blush to her
areolas, darkening them as He likes them. Next she took a kiss-proof red lip
liner and applied it to her nether lips. Her perfume had dried, so she gave
herself another perfuming. Then came the task of combing out her raven black
hair. He did not like how it looked when it was blown dry, so she combed it out.
Jewelry was out of the question. Ever since she had started wearing the slave
collar that Mistress Ilsa had presented to her, Master had forbidden even the
most basic jewelry, saying that He found it in conflict with the look of the
slave collar.

   At five minutes before eight, she put on her 4 inch black spike heels and
long black- leather trench coat and headed for the elevator. William held the
door open for her as a black Mercedes limosene pulled up in front of the
apartment building. William quickly moved in front of her to get the door to the
car.

   The car didn't take the usual turn to head north on Park Avenue, but instead,
turned south. Nicole didn't really begin to wonder what her destination was
until they entered the Queens Midtown tunnel. She thought about asking the
driver, but decided that she would just be patient and see where they were
going. After a two - hour drive on the Long Island Expressway, the driver told
her to pick up the parcel that was on the floor and that her instructions were
on the box. Nervously, Nicole picked up the box and removed the envelope that
was attached to the top of it. She opened it up and read the letter that it
contained:
      Nicole,
             I trust that you are enjoying your early morning ride. I know that
you have always met me at my office before, but today I have something important
to tell you about, and I wanted total privacy, so my driver is bringing you out
to my boat. The articles in this box are for you to wear. Please leave your
shoes and coat in the car, as you will have no need of them on the boat. I
suggest that you apply a liberal amount of sunscreen, as the water will reflect
quite a bit of sunlight, and you could experience a nasty burn therwise. The
sterling fish hooks are of my own design, and are to be worn in your nipples.
The brass anchor has a clasp that will enable you to insert it into your
clitoris. My boat will be at the end of the gangway, you should have no problem
recognizing it. I look forward to seeing you.
                                                            Sir Campbell

   Nicole put down the letter and looked into the box. As He had stated, there
were two sterling silver fish hooks,  a solid brass anchor, about 2 1-2 inches
in length, and a bottle of sunblock, SPF 45. She picked out one of the fish
hooks and examined it more closely. It was about three inches long and about the
thickness of a pencil lead. One end had an eye in it, like where a fishline
would be tied, and the other end had a wicked looking barb. A shiver went
through her  as she recalled the scourge that Mistress Ilsa's slave, whore, had
used on her breast. It was comprised of five fishlines with a small fish hook
tied to the end of each line. She couldn't decide which end of the hook to push
through the piercing in her nipple, as the barb was needle sharp and the eye was
much larger than the piercing. She opted for the barbed end, with the rationale
that the barb would just make it hard to take out. Grasping her tit with her
left hand, Nicole slowly pushed the hook through the hole in her nipple, until
it hung upside down from the nipple. She then took the second hook and did the
same thing with her other breast. The anchor proved a bit more trickly. There
was a clasp shaped like the letter " U" with a pin running through it. She
pulled the pin out and then slid the pin back through the first half of the"U",
then through the hole in her clit, and then back into the other half of the "U".
When she snapped it into place it seated itself with an audible click. Slipping
out of her coat, she took the sunblock and applied it all over herself, playing
most attention to those areas of her body that were the whitest.

    When she was through. Nicole looked out the window and noticed lots of boats
in the marinas and out on moorings. She couldn't help but wonder how she would
be able to recognize her Master's boat, as she knew nothing at all about them,
and had never before been asked out to His. Each of the boats pretty much looked
the same to her. Then she noticed that there were no more marinas and the area
looked suddenly poorer. Abandoned piers, rotting hulls of old barges, and
weather-worn fishing trawlers were becoming more frequent.

   All at once, the driver stopped the car in front of an old dock that was
servicing local fishing boats. Not the high priced charter boats she had seen
before, these were old boats that were used by the local fishermen everyday to
bring in their daily catch. Crusty looking fishermen were hosing decks,
repairing nets, and generally sitting around smoking cigarettes and drinking
beer out of paper bags. Surely there was a mistake about the address!

   "You get out here, and leave your coat and shoes in the car," the driver
said. "Just walk down the gangplank, His boat is tied to the dock."

   Nicole pulled off her shoes and placed them on the seat on top of her coat.
She opened the door and stepped out, abruptly cutting her foot on the broken
shells that littered the ground. "Get out!," the driver commanded, and Nicole
gingerly stood and closed the door behind her. The limo quickly sped off
spraying shells, stones and dust in it's wake and drawing attention to both it's
departute and the naked girl. Her condition didn't go unnoticed by the old salt
who was leaning on the railing of the gangplank. "Hey Jimmy," he yelled, "get a
look at this! I think ole Neptune has finally smiled down on us." Nicole never
saw old men move so fast. Within an instant there were seven of the crowded
around the desperate girl, feeling her ass, breasts and belly.

   "I've pulled out my share of hooks before," Jimmy declared, as he fondled one
of her nipples, "but I'll be damned if I'll pull one through these teats!"
 
   A really filthy looking man with no teeth spit chewing tobacco splittle on
her and said, "Shit boys, she's got somethin' pushed through her snatch!" Jimmy
started to tug on the anchor, when suddenly a loud blast from a boat horn
startled the crowd, and a huge sailboat appeared at the end of the dock. High
atop the main mast flew a black fleg with a design comprised of two crossed
riding crops, Sir Campbell's favorite whip. Nicole moved quickly through the
men, and walked down the gangplank and out to the boat.

   Whe she reached the end of the dock, she was surpirsed to see that He wasn't
on deck. The deck hands were all busy casting off lines the secured the boat,
and they acted like a naked girl was a common occurrence. One of them took her
hand and helped her climb aboard. "Just go down the stairds and go into the
first room on the left," he said.

   Nicole walked along the deck, marvelling at the beautiful finish on the
antique teak railings. She walked down the stairs and found the room easily
enough, but when she entered the room, she was startled to see not Master, but
Mistress Ilsa standing before her. "Well, I see that you have at least
remembered  my rule regarding clothing, Nicole," Mistress Ilsa exclaimed, "But
you should also know that you are to be on your knees before me, unless I give
you directions to the contrary."

   Nicole quickly knelt before Her. "There now, that's better. Worship Me!"

   Nicole bent forward and began to lick Mistress' bare feet. She made sure not
to neglect between the toes, and slowly worked her way up to the top of the foot
and the ankle. Before proceeding up the calf, Nicole switched to the other foot
and began the process anew. When she finally had reached the furrow between Her
legs, Nicole saw the tell-tale string hanging out. "What are you waiting for,
slave?" Mistress inquired, remove it and continue."

   Using her teeth, Nicole pulled the bloody tampon on and dropped it on the
floor. She then put her face back into the damp slit and started to lap with her
tongue. The familiar musky odor was intermoingled with the taste of fresh blood.
After a short period, Mistress Ilsa grabbed the back of Nicole's head and began
to moan loudly. "Sir Campbell was right, your mouth is quite talented. Maybe I
should have Him decalre it to be Mine exclusively. But that can be taken care of
later. For now I want you to go to the bathroom and clean yourself off, then
meet me up on deck. Sir Campbell has left Me to explain what He requires of
you."

   Ten minutes later, Nicole walked up the stairs to the main deck. To her
surprise, the boat was no longer tied to the dock. In fact, land could not been
seen.  :Did you remember to use the sunblock that Sir Campbell so thoughtfully
provided," Ilsa asked?

   "Yes Mistress, I put it on in the car."

   "That's good because you will be needing all of it's protection out here on
the ocean. We will be out of port for about three hours, so I hope for your sake
that the sunblock does it's job. Come over here so that I may see how the scars
I cut into your breast have healed." Nicole did as she was bade, and walked over
to Mistress Ilsa. "Very lovely. You of course realize that this is only the
start of the scarification of your breast. There will need to be at least four
or five more sessions until it is completed. But that is another issue. Go over
to that sea shest and take out the ankle cuffs and put them on."

   "Yes, Mistress," Nicole answered. Nicole opened the chest and removed the
cuffs. As she was buckling them on, Mistress Ilsa said, "That slave collar looks
lovely on your neck, tell me, has anyone asked you about it?"

   "Yes, Mistress, my sister saw it last week and asked me what it was."

   "And what did you tell her?"

   "I told her that my boyfriend gave it to me, and that he likes leather."

   "Did she ask anymore?"

   "No, Mistress. She doesn't like to pry into my affairs."

   "Too bad. I would like to know how you would have handled it. Now, go over to
the main mast and you will see two chains about two feet on either side of the
mast. Put your back to the mast and fasten the chains to the ankle cuffs."

   When Nicole was done, Mistress Ilsa stood up and came over to the main mast
holding a spreader bar. She locked Nicole's wrists to it. . "Tommy, I'm ready"
she called out. Nicole heard a whiring of an electric motor and saw a steel
cable being lowered from the mast. Mistress bolted the spreader bar to the
cable, and onced again called out, " Tommy, take it up slowly, and stop when I
call to you." The winch started up again, and began to pull the spreader bar
over Nicole's head. Mistress didn't call out to stop it until Nicole had been
lifted off the deck by the bar and pulled tightly between the chains on her
ankles and the bar.

   "Now," Mistress annouced, I will tell you of Sir Campbell's needs. Your
Master has been asked to become a member of a highly select and secretive
organization known as The Ring. There are only twelve members, and no one can be
asked to join unless a member dies. These twelve men have one thing in common.
They all own, in the strictest definition of the word, slaves.

   "The final stage leading to membership is the formal initiation rite. This is
scheduled to be held tonight at midnight and The Ring's club in Manhattan. Since
I am a woman, I am not eligible for membership, but Sir Campbell has invited Me
to attend His initiation as His guest. You will, of course, attend as His
property.

   "Thye ceremony is quite different from any that you have either participated
in or heard of. All of Sir Campbell's skills as a slave owner will be put to the
test through you, His slave. Instead of your Master being subjected to some time
honored rituals, all of the ceremonies and rituals will be centered around you!
You will be showing what you have been taught, what limits you have established,
and what boundaries have yet to be crossed. In short, if you represent Sir
Campbell well, he will become a member of The Ring. Before I continue, now is
the time to ask any questions you may have."

   "I don't have any really, Mistress, but, I should like to know what would
happen if I don't live up to the expectations of The Ring?"

   "That is quite simple, cunt. Sir Campbell's membership in The Ring will be
rejected, and He will never again be asked to join. So you had better give it
all you can!

  
   "A good deal of the ceremony is left up to you to improvise, so I am only
going to tell you of the important aspects so you will have some idea of what
will be expected of you. When we arrive at the club, I will lead you into the
building on a leash attached to the ring in your clit. You will, of course, by
naked excepting for your heels and slave collar and nipple rings. It will be at
this point that you will be presented. You will be made to make a statement
indiacting that you are a willing participant in what will take place. Sir
Campbell will then offer you to whomever wishes to take you, however they may
wish to do it.

   "Then comes the hard part for you. You will be given the opportunity to
select one of the eleven other slaves that will be present. You will then take
that slave and have your way with her. Through your use of her you are to show
what you have learned, what levels of pain and humiliation you can tolerate. Sow
off your creativity. When you are through with the slave, her Master will take
you and punish you. This will show how well you have been trained and what
tolerances for pain you have achieved.

   "I will leave you here to plan what you will do. A bit of sun will look nice
on your pale skin anyway. I shall reture, in time to let you retire to a
stateroom and take a nap before you prepare for tonight's events."

   The dull ache in Nicole's arms was building and the sun was causing the sweat
to run down her sides and drop off her toes to the deck. She had never been
placed in a situation like this before. To have Sir Campbell's position rest
solely on her made her very tense, but she vowed to plan an elaboate ritual that
would make Master proud and guarantee His membership in The Ring.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 5
THE RING

   Precisely at midnight, Sir Campbell's driver dropped Mistress Ilsa and Nicole
off in front of a small restaurant in TriBeCa. It looked the same as any one of
a number of small trendy bistros that were popular in New York. Mistress Ilsa
gave a tug on the leash that was clipped to the ring in Nicole's clit and urged
the young slave forward. When they entered the restaurant, Nicole was shocked to
see that it actually was a restaurant! The patrons very startled when they saw
the naked woman led through them and into a private dining room in the rear of
the building.

   The room was lit only by candles that had been place in a ring around the
perimeter of the room. Mistress led Nicole to a raised platform in the center of
the ring of candles, and said, "Kneel!"

   Nicole knelt as she was told, and bowed her head, so she heard, rather than
saw Mistress Ilsa leave the platform and her Master walk toward her. "Slave
Nicole," her Master began," Before we begin, you must make a statement that will
show that you understand your rights. Please spread your knees and look into the
mirror that it between them Look at the reflection of your cunt as you hear me
out."

   You have two basic rights. One; you have the right to be Mine. You know how I
treat you, you are My slave, a possession, to be used by Me whenever, wherever,
and however I wish, for My pleasure and enjoyment alone. You may never refuse My
demands. Two; you have the right to not be mine. To be free, and continue with
your life as it was. In which case, you are to get up and leave at once,
immediately, and forever. Do you understand your rights, slave?"

   "Yes, Master."

   "Well then, what do you choose; freedom, or slavery?"

  "I choose to be your slave, Master."

   "Are you making this choice of your own free will?"

   "Yes, Sir Campbell"

   "Do you understand the implications of the choice of slavery?"

   "Yes, Sir Campbell."

   "Very well then, slave Nicole, renew your vows of slavery."

   "With pride, Sir Campbell."  Nicole pause for a moment to collect her
thoughts, and then she began: "I, slave Nicole, belong to Sir Campbell. He is my
Master, and I am His slave. My body is always naked before Him, as I am not
worthy to be clothed in His presence. My body is always available to Him,
whether it be for pain, pleasure, or humiliation. I proudly wear my slave collar
to proclaim to the world that I am a possession. My mouth, my cunt, and my ass
are open for His use. My breasts have been pierced and scarred as a sign of my
commitment to Him. I gratefully receive the kiss of His whip as a sign of His
total ownership of me. I joyfully accept His gifts of abuse and debasement as
signs that I am meeting His needs. I bear the pain of His lash with pride as I
sing a hymn of praise to Him with my screams. I am filth, a whore, a slut,
because that is what my Master desires of me. I will do anything to please Sir
Campbell. I will try to be a worthy cunt slave. I will please Him in any manner
He wishes."

   "Are you still gazing at your reflection in the mirror, slave," Sir Campbell
asked?

   "Yes, Master."

   "Then tell Me what you see."

   "I see a cunt which is open for my Master."

   "And to whom does that cunt truly belong?"

   "It belongs to You, Sir Campbell."

   Sir Campbell turned his back to His slave and announced, "I present My
property to The Ring. What it Mine, is Yours." Nicole wasn't sure what was
expected of her at this point, as her Master left the platform, so she did what
she considered the logical thing, and that was to remain as she was, kneeling
over the mirror with her head bowed.

   After a few minutes, two naked women with brass rings through their septums,
approached her, and grabbing her by the upper arms, helped her to her feet. They
walked her to the edge of the platform as a spotlight hit the three slaves. They
stood still in the stark light until a voice from the right side said, "Give Me
her mouth."

   Nicole felt pressure on her shoulders as the two women pushed her to her
knees. A man dressed in a black tuxedo came forward and stood with his crotch
inches from Nicole's face. The women undid his pants and pushed Nicole's face
into his groin. She took his flaccid penis into her mouth as the women held her
head firmly against his body She could feel the flesh harden and grow, but she
was not allowed to pull away, so it had only one direction to go, and that was
to the back of her throat. With all of her reserves she fought against her gag
reflex as the erect member pushed her tongue down and searched for her throat.
Finally, the hands at the back of her head stopped pushing, and she was able to
start sucking in her normal fashion. In a matter of minutes, he let out a groan,
and she felt the sticky spurts begin shooting his cum down her throat. Nicole
knew it was expected that she swallow every last drop, and did not stop sucking
until she was sure there was none left.

   The two women put his trousers back together, and as he left the stage, they
once again pulled her upright. A short period of time passed again, until
another voice, this one more in front of her, called out, "Give Me her ass!"

   One of the women left the stage for a moment and returned with an old wooden
milk crate. Then, pushing her back to her knees, they positioned Nicole in such
a fashion the she was bent over the crate, with her open cunt and anus facing
the harsh spotlight. She heard the footsteps approach, so she didn't see that
the man she was about to accommodate was a very large black man. Once again, the
women helped him out of his tux. Then, kneeling on either side of Nicole, they
grabbed her thighs and spread them wide for him. With no warning, he forced his
nine - inch cock into her asshole and buried it completely. She was barely able
to stiffer the scream from the searing pain. He didn't take her slowly, but
instead, he closes to drive into her with a brute force and fury that made her
feel as though she was being torn apart.

   He didn't dump his load inside her as she expected. Instead, he pulled out
and said, "Give me her mouth." The women pulled her up and positioned Nicole's
mouth in front of the glistening black cock. She opened her mouth, and he slowly
slid it in, so she could relish the taste of her own ass. As he began to cum, he
pulled out of her mouth, so that his offering covered her face from her forehead
to her chin. The women helped him to get dressed, and then pulled the slave to
her knees once again. But this time, they left her there alone. A voice called
to her, "Stand Up!"

   Nicole rose to her feet, but kept her head bowed. She wasn't sure what she
should do, so she stood and waited, hoping her nervousness wasn't apparent. "I
suppose that we are ready to proceed with the second phase of the initiation," a
voice resounded. "Slave Nicole, what you are to do now is select a she-slave
from the ones tied to the wall to your left. You may have your way with her.
There is a box on the floor behind you that contains many items for your use."

   Nicole turned to her left and saw that the two women who had been with her
only minutes before, were now chained to the wall, along with nine other female
slaves. The chains that held them were linked to the rings they all bore through
the nose. Like herslf, all of the women were naked, excepting for slave collars,
high heels and jewelry in their various piercings. Nicole walked over to the
slaves to get a closer look. They ranged in age from their mid-twenties to one
who was probably sixty! The body of the eldest slave was covered with scars and
brands and she had very large and heavy weights hanging from her nipples,
pulling her tits down toward her waist and flattening them out. Her nether lips
were similarly weighted, and over many years of this, had been stretched so that
they were now over six inches long.

    Nicole's eyes came to rest on a young she-slave with golden blond hair. Her
breasts were firm and proud, with thick golden rings in her areolas. She bore an
ornate tatoo on her right breast. Unlike Nicole, she had all of her pubic hair.
It was a shade lighter in color than the hair on her head, and it had been
neatly trimmed with a scissors and razor into the shape of a heart. She had a
defiant look in her eyes that seemed to say, 'pick me, if you dare.'

   Nicole announced, "I've made my choice."

   The voice replied, "then unfasten her chain and have your way with her.,"

   Nicole opened the clasp that tethered the slave's nose ring to the chain, and
grabbing her by the hair, lead her back out onto the platform. What is your
name," Nicole asked?

   I am Slave Justine," she replied with a sarcastic air.

   Well, Justine," Nicole mocked, "I think one of us is about to have a great
deal of fun at the expense of the other, and I'll give you just one guess as to
which one you will be. Go over there and bring back that chest like a nice
obedient little cunt."

   While Justine was retrieving the chest, Nicole looked around the platform to
see what was available to her. She saw a pair of columns with rings attached at
the top and bottom and a hand operated winch that held a leather sling suspended
form the ceiling.

   When Justine brought back the chest, she mocked, "Where shall I place this
chest, Mistress?"

   Over there at the edge of the platform, slut,' replied Nicole. "Now, open it
up so that I may see what sort of toys we have to play with." Justine did as she
was told, and then stood back from the chest so Nicole could inspect it's
contents. "Hmmm," Nicole hummed, "we certainly won't be bored for a lack of
things to play with. Here, put these cuffs on your wrists and ankles while I
decide what we'll try first."

   As Justine was putting on the cuffs, Nicole began to lower the sling on the
winch. "When you have adjusted those cuffs good and snug," Nicole commanded,
"step over here and climb into this sling so we can take you for a little ride."
Justine finished putting on the cuffs, and climbed into the sling. Nicole used
locks to hold the slave's arms and legs stretched out wide. "I see that you've
spent a great deal of time and effort trying to make that ugly looking cunt
attractive with your work on the pubic hair. Let's see how good you are at math.
You will count the hairs as I remove them." Nicole picked up a pair of tweezers
and pulled out a hair.

   "One, Mistress," Justine called out. "Two, Mistress, three, Mistress...."

   When she got to forty, Nicole announced, " I've grown tired of this game,
slave, so we'll just take a little short cut." Nicole reached into the chest and
pulled out a butane lighter. "No sense counting now, bitch, this will do it much
faster." Then without pause, Nicole lit the lighter and held it to the slave's
crotch. With a scream, the hair ignited and filled the room with the odor of
burning hair. Nicole removed the flame just long enough to inspect her
handiwork. "Oops, seem to have missed a few tricky ones back by your asshole."
And with that, she re-lit the lighter and burned the remaining hair off.

   Justine's crotch was smooth of hair now, but it had many blisters popping out
of the angry reddened skin. "I think you look much better this way, Justine,"
Nicole said, "But I bet those burns smart. Maybe we can find something to put on
them to soothe the pain." Nicole dug into the chest and pulled out a tube of
Ben-Gay. "Here's some ointment that should help," she announced. A shiver ran
through Justine's body when she saw what the tube was. Nicole took a generous
glob of the Ben-Gay and rubbed it into the burned skin of the slave, which added
greatly to the pain and discomfort she was feeling.

   "I think we should see what you're made of,  now that you're so visible,"
Nicole remarked. "Let's get you out of that sling and we'll get some new toys to
play with. Nicole undid the chains and helped the slave girl out of the sling.
"Go and stand with your back to that column, whore," Nicole commanded.

   "I hope you like games, Justine," Nicole said.

   "If it please you, Mistress," came the answer.

   "Well it does, slave," Nicole answered back, as she took the slave girl's
hands and chained them to a ring set high up on the column. "I found a game in
the chest that I think you might be good at. Can you guess what it is?"

   "No, Mistress, please tell me."

   :We're going to play darts, slave, and you get to be the dart board. I'll
even allow you to keep track of the score. Let's say one point if the dart hits
you, five if it sticks in you, ten if it sticks in a breast, twenty-five if it
sticks in a nipple. Are we ready, Justine?"

   "Whenever You are, Mistress."

   Nicole picked up the first dart, and taking aim, let it fly at her pretty
target. "Yow!" Justine screamed, as the dart struck her just below the navel.
And fell to the floor. "One point, Mistress."

   'This bitch is tough,' Nicole thought to herself, 'I'm going to have to get
tougher if Sir Campbell is to be accepted into The Ring. She picked up a second
dart, and without taking time to aim, hurled it as hard as she could. Justine
screamed and tore at her bonds as the dart imbedded itself in her left thigh.

   "What's My score now, slave?"

   "That makes six, Mistress."

   "Well, I have three darts left. You keep score in your head and we'll tally
them up when I'm through." Nicole let fly with the three missles in quick
succession. Justine's shrieks filled the room as one dart hit her in the left
shoulder and fell to the floor, another was buried in her right breast, an inch
from the nipple, and the lest one was stuck in her left armpit. "So, give Me My
total, and you'd better get it right, or I'll pull those again and play a second
round."

   "Oh, Mistress," Justine sobbed, "I've lost count."

   Nicole pulled the darts out and said, "Well the, maybe a taste of the lash
will improve your math." Nicole took out a wicked looking stick and proceeded to
strike Justine's breasts five times with all of her might. Justine was screaming
as Nicole gave her a second set of five.

   When she was through, Nicole unfastened the bonds and said, "Open your
mouth." Justine did as she was told, and Nicole put the stick in the open mouth,
saying, "You'd better not drop this." Nicole then reached for a piece of paper
and pen and made a sign, which she stuck to the slave's stomach with straight
pins. The sign read, "Whip me please!" "Now, go out into the dining room, and
see if you can get someone to comply with your request."

   When Justine had left the room, a large man stepped up on the stage and said,
"Well, I guess it's My turn now, cunt, and I want you to know that I am not
pleased with the way you treated My wife! You may be sure that I fully intend to
exact My pound of flesh. Now, Kneel Before Me!"

   Quickly the young slave knelt before her abuser, and bowing her head, awaited
His command. "I need to relieve Myself before we start to play, and you seem to
be the only available toilet. Undo My trousers and open your mouth."

   Nicole reached up and undid His belt and clasp, then  she pulled the zipper
open. "Well, what are you waiting for? I need to piss Now!"

   Nicole pulled His enormous cock out of His shorts and aimed it at her open
mouth. After waiting a few seconds with her eyes closed, she looked up and saw
Him looking down at her, waiting for her eyes to catch His. "You are to watch as
I use you, slave," he said. And with that, the stream began to flow into her
mouth, as she held his cock pointed there. The urine spilled from her mouth,
down her breasts and stomach and onto the platform, creating a puddle between
her knees. Nicole had never known someone who could have the bladder control to
store that amount.

   When the stream finally abated, he said, "Clean Me off, so that we may play."
Nicole began licking his still dripping cock until she could no longer taste the
salty piss. "Now, cunt, I want you to stand up so that I can examine those
interesting hooks in your nipples."

   "Certainly, Master," Nicole replied as she rose from her knees. "It must have
been an interesting feat getting them through your piercings. That barb is quite
long and sharp and the eyelet is very large. I wonder how they are supposed to
come out. Let's experiment, shall we? I'll take one out barb first, and the
other one out eyelet first." Nicole gritted her teeth as he clasped the hook in
her left nipple between his index finger and thumb and gave it a tug until the
eyelet was pulled taut against the hole. "Hmmm," He mumbled, "I guess I'll have
to give it a bit more of a pull." And with that, he ripped the hook out through
the hole, tearing then hole larger.

   Nicole gave out an audible gasp, but was able to suppress a scream. "Now
let's see if it's easier the other way." Nicole couldn't hold back her scream as
he ripped the barb through her nipple, slicing it in two. "Go over to the chest
and put on a set of ankle cuffs, slut."

   "Yes, Master," Nicole whimpered.  Nicole found a pair of cuffs and strapped
them to her ankles as she had been ordered.

   "Take that four foot spreader bar out while you have the chest open", he
ordered.

   "Yes, Master," she replied.

   "I want you to walk into the dining room and bring back My slave a a vase of
roses off one of the tables", he continued. Nicole placed the spreader bar down
and stepped off the platform. She walked into the dining room and found the
slave bent over the bar while a patron was whipping her ass. Blood flowed freely
from the numerous cuts and lacerations on the poor girl's buttocks and thighs.
Nicole walked over to the bar, and taking the slave bar the arm, lead her away
from her tormentor. She grabbed a vase of roses as she passed one of the tables.

   Nicole lead Justine up on the platform and went to hand the vase of roses to
Sir Damian, but at the last instant, his hand pulled back, and the vase crashed
to the floor. "Well, you will definitely be punished for that, but first, where
is the whip that was used on My wife?"

   "I'm sorry, Master, I left it in the bar."

   "Justine, put a pair of cuffs on her wrists and fasten them to the back of
her collar, then hobble her ankles with a twelve inch length oc chain."

   "Gladly, Master," Justine sang out.

   Nicole felt her arms being pulled up behind her neck as the cuffs were placed
on her wrists, and then locked to the ring in the back of her collar. "Now go
back out there and don't come back without My whip. However, to make it a bit
more interesting, all you may say to anyone out there is, ' please give me the
whip, I really need it.' Do you understand?"

   "Yes, Master," she replied. And with that, Nicole walked back into the bar,
naked, with her arms chained behind her head, and hobbled at the ankles.

   When she reached the bar, she found an extremely obese woman handling the
whip. Nicole said to her, "Please give me the whip, I really need it."

   The woman turned and looked at the helpless slave. "What a filthy looking
slut you are. How dare you disturb my birthday party like this. You want the
whip? I'll gladly give it to you." And with that, she brought the whip down with
all her weight across Nicole's breasts.

   Nicole flinched, but she didn't scream, which further irritated the woman.
"Oh," she said, "I guess you're accustomed to the whip." And she proceeded to
rain a severe series of blows to Nicole's belly and breasts, until the fat woman
was panting in exhaustion.  When she stopped, Nicole's body was covered in
welts, and the woman said, "Now you may have the whip. I'm sure someone else
will take a turn with it."

   "Thank you, my lady," Nicole replied, as she took the whip between her teeth
and went back to the private dining room.

   When she got back up on stage,  Sir Damian said, "So I see someone made good
sport of your condition, but believe Me, that's just a warm-up for what I have
in mind. Justine, unchain her ankles and then put that four foot spreader on
her, then chain her wrists to the rings in the floor."

   "With pleasure, Master."

   Justine lead Nicole to the middle of the stage where two large rings were
bolted to the floor about four feet apart. Justine unlocked her wrists from
behind her neck, bent her over at the waist, and then re-locked them into the
rings. She then locked the spreader to the ankle cuffs.

   "Now take the chain from the winch and put it on the spreader bar."

   Justine was obviously experienced in the usage of this equipment, Nicole
thought, as she went to a trap door in the stage and pushed a button that set an
electric motor in gear, lowering a cable with a steel hook in it to the floor.
When it was lowered enough, Justine put the hook into a hole in the middle of
the bar. "Well Justine, what are you waiting for? You know what to do>"

   "Thank You, Master," Justine smiled, as she pushed the button starting the
winch pulling the spreader bar up towards the ceiling. Nicole finally realized
what was going to happen, as the rising bar turned her upside down and began to
stretch her taut between the rings in the floor and the bar. Justine didn't stop
the winch until Nicole was whimpering from the burning in her shoulders and hips
as she hung suspended upside down, with he arms and legs spread wide.

   "Now, Justine," her Master spoke, " I think our first concern is that we need
to find a new vase for the roses, since slave Nicole broke the last one. Give me
three roses, please."

   "Yes, Master," Justine said, as she picked up three long stems from the floor
and handed them to her husband.

   "The rose is truly a beautiful flower, don't you agree Nicole? I mean, it is
such a study in contrasts. Not unlike the relationship between a Master and His
slave. There is the unmatched beauty of the velvety petals and against the
backdrop of the sharp and unforgiving thorns. Like the love of a slave for the
pleasure and the pain.

   "Sir Campbell, You are to be applauded for this beauty here. Her cunt is
absolutely flawless. Especially with the hair missing, It makes her pouty little
lips and pink little puckered ass all the more alluring. So, to further all of
this beauty, lets ut these three roses in a new vase." And so saying, He slowly
pushed the three thorny stems into her cunt. She moaned as the thorns first
scratched then cut the delicate lips and then the walls of her vagina.

   "Truly beautiful," He said, as He stood back to gaze at his handiwork.
"Justine, I want three more, for this slave has another vase that needs to hold
roses. He placed the ends of the stems against her tightly puckered anus and
said, "What a pretty little bud vase." And he shoved the flowers into her ass
with one frightening thrust.

   Nicole screamed, wrenching at the chains as the thorns ripped into her ass.
"Now lets see what kind of durability those two new vases have. Justine, give Me
the rest of the roses." He took the remaining six roses and held them together
in a bunch. "Are you ready, Nicole," He asked?

   "As you command," she answered. And he began to flog her cunt and ass with
the thorny stems, tearing at her skin and the inside of her thighs, her cunt
lips and her asshole. Nicole's screams filled the room, as He didn't slow down
or stop until the bundle of stems was broken. She continued to tear at her
restraints, trying to escape the scorching pain that burned in her loins, but to
no avail. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, the blows stopped, and through
the tears and sobs that echoed through the Ring, Nicole was able to muster a
weak, "Thank....You.....Master," as she passed out.

   "Sir Campbell, a voiced commanded, "Please step to the stage with Me."

   Sir Campbell rose from His chair and stepped to the stage. "My friends and
colleagues," Sir Damian continued, "It is time for us to cast our vote as to
whether or not Sir Campbell has proved himself worthy of membership in The Ring.
All in favor of Sir Campbell's becoming a member, send Your slave to the stage.
If You are opposed, keep Your slave with You."

   The silence in the room was absolute, as slowly, one slave, Justine stood and
walked to the stage. Then she was followed by another and another, until, at
last, all eleven slaves stood around the unconscious form if Nicole, hanging yet
in her bonds, blood dripping down her body to the floor.

   "Well then, it is unanimous. Congratulations are certainly in order, Sir
Michael, would you bestow the honors?"

   "Of course," Sir Michael replied as he stepped on the stage carrying a purple
leather box. "Slave  Andrea, please hold Nicole still while I pierce her nose
and place the ring."

   When He was through, all of the Ring members stepped to the stage to
congratulate Sir Campbell and see the newly placed brass ring in Nicole's
bleeding nose. "Sir Campbell, did You bring someone with You this evening?"

   "Yes, Sir Damian, Mistress Ilsa is with Me. You know her."

   "Of course, very good. Mistress, we leave our slaves to You to tend to Sir
Campbell's property. Will You see to her care?"

   "I would be pleased to, Sir Damian," Ilsa replied, "and may I thank The Ring
for allowing Me to witness this ceremony. It was truly beyond My expectations."
And with that, the twelve members of The Ring left the room to celebrate their
new brother.

   "Justine," Ilsa commanded, "unchain Nicole."

   "Yes, Mistress, " Justine answered.

   When Nicole was lowered to the ground, she gained consciousness for a moment
and recognized Mistress Ilsa's smiling face, as she was wrapped in a blanket and
carried out to Sir Campbell's car.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 6
HEALING AND RECOLLECTIONS

   Nicole awoke with a loud groan and slowly opened her eyes as the sharp pain
in her groin seemed to intensify. As her eyes began to focus, she recognized the
face of Mistress Ilsa's slave, whore. "Wh....where am I," she whispered?

   "They bought you here to Mistress' house late last night," whore explained.
"You'll be staying here with us for the next few weeks or so until you are
healed up."

   "Di...did Sir Campbell pass the initiation and get into The Ring," Nicole
sheepishly queried?"

   "Yes, He was voted in unanimously. Both Her and Mistress Ilsa are very proud
of your showing at the ritual. Mistress is seeing to your care personally while
you recuperate." And just as whore was finishing her sentence, the bedroom door
opened, and in walked Mistress Ilsa.

   "Ah, I see our little slave has finally joined the ranks of the living. How
are you feeling, slave nicole?"

   "I'm very sore, Mistress, thank You. Am I going to be alright?"

   "Yes, you'll be fine in a couple of weeks time, I'm sure. I had to put a few
stitches in your nipple, though, as Sir Damian tore it in half when he ripped
that fish hook through it. However, both your Master and I decided against
stitching the cuts and tears to your cunt. We think they'll make an excellent
addition to the scars on your breast, and they will also serve as a constant
reminder of your part in the ritual. But, since there are no stitches, those
lacerations will heal more slowly, and we must be diligent in preventing
infection, so whore, get the peroxide and pour it over her cunt. Slowly!"

   "Certainly, my Mistress," whore replied, as she went into the bathroom to
retrieve the bottle.

   "May I look, Mistress," Nicole asked?

   "If you wish," came the reply.

    Nicole gathered herself together as whore lifted the clean white sheet. She
wasn't prepared, however, for the sight see saw between her legs. The insides of
her thighs and all of her privates were covered in nasty looking lacerations and
deep cuts. Some of the smaller ones had begun to scab over, but most of them
still had fresh blood seeping out. Nicole laughed aloud at her use of the word
'privates.' "What do you find so humorous, slave," Mistress inquired?

   "I was just thinking about how my privates looked, and then started to laugh
at my choice of words. I mean, they certainly aren't very private anymore, are
they?"

   "No, they aren't private, nor, may I add, are they yours. Oh, they are part
of the body you inhabit, surely, but they really belong to your Master, and you
would do well to remember that. Now whore, pour the peroxide on this sluts'
'privates'!"

   "Yes, Mistress." Whore unscrewed the cap and began pouring the entire bottle
all of the cuts on Nicole's cunt and thighs. Nicole let out a lous shriek as the
cold liquid stung into her.

  "I see quite a lot of bubbling, whore. See that you tend to this task three
times each day. I don't want any signs of infection. After you have dabbed it
dry, put some antiseptic cream on it, but leave it uncovered. The air will help
it heal.

   "Nicole, I don't know what whore has told you, so I will explain what will be
going on. Sir Campbell has entrusted you to My care, as he has gone away on an
extended business trip and will not return for a month to six weeks. During that
time, you will be living here with whore and Me. The rules of My house are quite
simple. You are to be naked at all times, whether I have guests in the house or
it if is just the three of us. You will do anything you are told to do. If you
break either of these rules, you will be dealt with. You will not be whipped, at
least not until your cunt has healed. I will be continuing the work of scaring
your right breast. I also expect the full worship of your mouth whenever and
wherever I require it. Am I making all of this clear enough for you, cunt?"

   "Yes, Mistress. Thank You."

   "Good. Now get your sorry ass out of that bed and pay tribute to my divine
pussy!"

   "With pride, Mistress,"  Nicole answered, as she gingerly pulled herself out
of the bed and got down on her knees before her Mistress and began to service
Her with her eager tongue.

   When Nicole was through, Mistress said, "Nicole, you may get back into bed. I
have some questions I wish to ask."

   "Certainly, Mistress. Thank You."

   "After witnessing your performance last night, I came to the realization that
you are a natural slave. You know, some women are slaves because it pleases a
spouse or a lover, and some are sold into it against their will. But you, like
whore, were born to be a slave. A possession with no other needs but to serve.
When did you start to realize that you were a slave?"

   "It wasn't long after I first met Sir Campbell, Mistress."

   "And when was that?"

    "Well, about a year and a half ago, I moved to New York and got a job with
'Jenny's Catering Service' as a waitress/server. One day, about three months
after I began working there, Jenny approached me and asked me if I would like to
earn some extra money. I asked her what I would have to do, and she told me that
she had a special catering job that would begin before midnight and not end
until about 6:00AM. She offered to pay me five hundred dollars for the night,
and since I normally only made ten dollars an hour, I readily agreed.

   "The affair we were to cater took place at Sir Campbell's penthouse on Park
Avenue. We all arrived at 1:00 in order to set up for the party. At about twenty
minutes to twelve, I answered a knock on the door, and in walked a woman in a
long black leather trench coat. She handed the coat to me, and to my amazement,
she was completely naked underneath."

   "Do you happen to remember what she looked like," Ilsa interupted?

   Well, Mistress, she was about my height, and she had honey colored hair. Her
nipples were pierced and she wore large steel rings in the."

   "I guess you don't have an eye for such things, slave," Mistress remarked,
"but that 'woman' was My slave whore! If her hair was not shorn today, maybe you
might remember her, as she certainly did look different with all that long hair
she had."

   "That was whore?"

   "Yes, it was. Your Master didn't have a slave at that time, so I lent whore
to Him for the evening. That was why Sir Campbell lent you to Me for our little
tryst with your 'old friend' Countess Courtney."

   "Y...You mean....Sir Campbell has had other slaves," Nicole whimpered?

   "I fail to see how that is any of your business, slut. You are His slave, and 
that's all that matters, isn't it?"

   "Yes, Mistress. Please forgive me. Well, it was at that point that Jenny told
mer that I was to be responsible for whatever was needed with the woman, uh,
whore. So whore asked me where she could go to get ready and I took her to the
guest bedroom.

   "When we got into the bedroom, whore proceeded to open up a leather bag that
I hadn't noticed. She took out an assortment of whips, as well as a penis gag
and a set of handcuffs. She then instructed me that what I would need to do
would be to hand the whips to the guests whenever they wanted to beat her. She
then asked me to buckled the gag into her mouth and use the cuffs to lock her
wrists behind he back. I did as she asked.

   "When I was done getting her ready, I took whore by the arm, picked up the
whips, and brought her back into the living room. A few of the guests had
already arrived. I spent the rest of the night at her side, handing different
whips to the guests when they wanted to whip her."

   "Was this your first experience in the S & M scene," Mistress stopped her?

   "Yes it was, Mistress."

   "And how did you feel? What were you thinking?"

   "Well, I guess that at first I was so taken aback by it all that I couldn't
form any thoughts about what was going on. But, I also couldn't help but try to
understand the way whore was handling what she was doing. I mean, here she was,
stark naked, bound and gagged, at a formal catered affair, being whipped, and
quite severely in some cases, and the only expression that she conveyed was
pride. She held herself in such a way as to exude confidence and pride, as if
she was completely in charge of all the goings on."

   "Yes, that's something that sets her apart from most slaves," Mistress said.
Whore's reason for being is to serve Me, in any manner I wish, whenever and
however I wish it to be. But anyway, how did this bring you to where you are
today, Sir Campbell's slave?"

   "Well, the party was on a Friday night. And the Monday Morning after the
party I was in my apartment with my roommate, when the phone rang, and it was
Sir Campbell. He explained that He had a pair of tickets to the premiere of a
new Broadway musical and passes to the party backstage, as well as an invitation
to the big party where they all gather to await the early additions to see what
the reviewers thought. He asked me if I would like to be His guest for the
night.

   "I replied that I would really love to go, but that I was scheduled to work
for Jenny that night. He said not to worry about it, that He would take care of
it with Jenny. I told Him I appreciated it, but, I added embarassingly, that I
needed the money from the job. He told me that His relationship with Jenny would
allow me the night off with pay. I thanked Him and said that I would love to go,
but that I was concerned about how I should dress. He said that one of his
hobbies was fashion design, and that He had a gown that He thought might fit me.
He said He would have His driver drop it off at my apartment that afternoon. I
told him that would be great, as He told me He would pick me up at 7:30 that
evening.

   "The gown arrived about 4:00 in the afternoon, as He promised. I hurriedly
took it into my bedroom to try it on. It was a gown the likes of which I had
never seen. It was made of cranberry satin and was floor length, with not one,
but three slits that divided the gown into thirds. The slits were spaced so that
one was right in the middle of the back and the other two were just to the
outside of each leg. The slits ran up to the hip. The back of the gown was
scooped out all the way to the small of my back, and the front was almost beyond
description. The front was really nothing more than two three inch panels that
began at the waist and ran up to the underside of both breasts, leaving the
entire middle exposed. At the breasts, the panels ended and a pair of spaghetti
straps began, one on each side of the breasts, and tying behind the neck. All of
this exposure was covered buy a sheer material that looked like a combination of
a cape and vest, without sleeves. There was a cranberry leather choker in with
the gown and a note which read; 'I hope you like the dress. Please only wear
what is in the package. See you at 7:30. 'C'. The only other things in the
package were a pair of heels that were the same soft leather as the choker. I
was a bit shaken by the lack of underwear, bit I rationalized that it would be
of little value in this outfit anyway.

   "We arrived at the theatre and the sidewalk was a mob scene of photographers
and people snapping pictures. Sir Campbell took my hand as I got out of the limo
and He lead me up the carpet and into the theatre."

   "What did you feel like when you saw all the cameras  flashing," Mistress
asked?

   "Surprisingly, Mistress, I felt very proud, and I consciously walked as
straight backed as I could, with my shoulders back and my breasts thrusting
forward.

   "After the performance, Sir Campbell took me backstage to meet the cast and
crew. We stayed there and had champagne and light food for about twenty minutes,
until He said it was time to go to the cast party. In the limo, Sir Campbell
asked me if I had a good time, and then He said, 'Nicole, do you trust Me?' I
answered that I did. Then again He asked, 'Do you truly trust Me?', and once
again I answered that I did. He then asked, ' Do you wish to explore and expand
that trust?' and I answered 'yes, that I would like that very much.'

   "We arrived at the restaurant at about that time, and Sir Campbell, taking my
hand, said, 'Please leave the cape in the car.' I said all right, and He said,
'From now on you must address Me as Sir Campbell or Master. ' I said, 'Yes, Sir
Campbell,' as we got out of the car.

   He lead me through the wide-eyed staring customers in the restaurant and into
an elevator that took us to a private dining room. A lot of people were already
at the party, and I was surprised to realize that none of them found my dress to
be worthy of so much as a glance, let alone a comment. It was as if I was
dressed in a conservative fashion."

   "How did that make you feel," Ilsa asked?

  "To be frank, Mistress, it made me feel even more uncomfortable. I mean, here
I am, walking around with my breasts completely exposed, and no one seems to
care. I was included in all of the conversations, so it wasn't as if I was being
icily ignored."

   "What happened then?"

   "I guess about an hour into the party, Sir Campbell suggested that I go
freshen up, so I went to the ladies room. The attendant asked me if I was with
Sir Campbell, and I answered that I was. She then told me to remove my dress,
but leave the heels and choker on. I did as she asked, and was about to ask her
why, when she took the dress from me and told me that I would have no further
need of it for the evening. She then told me to rejoin the other guests."

   "what was the reaction when you returned to the room naked?"

   "Again, Mistress, it was as if I was dressed. No one gave me as much as a
second look."

   "Is that how the remainder of the night went?"

   "Well no, Mistress. When Sir Campbell came to my side and we began to mingle
together, men, and sometimes women, would ask him if they could examine me. At
least that was the implication, since all they would say to Him was 'May I?' And
the, after He would grant His assent, they would fondle my breasts, belly and
backside. A few sucked on my nipples, and one woman probed both my cunt and ass
at the same time."

   "And how did you feel through all of this?"

   "Strangely, Mistress, I felt a sense of pride at being displayed as some sort
of property belonging to Sir Campbell. I mean, it was as if I were a coin or
some other type of collectible that was being scrutinized closely by other
collectors. I felt as if I was an inanimate object, except for the fact that my
nipples were hard and my pussy was we."

   "Did anyone comment on your state of arousal," Mistress asked?

   "Yes, Mistress. One woman said something about it after she pulled her finger
out of my. She said something about my being a 'wet one,' and she ordered me to
lick her finger clean."

   "And what was Sir Campbell doing during this time?"

   "Well, mostly He just held onto me by the choker around my neck and agreed
with the comments people made.  But He didn't speak directly to me again until
we were in His car and He was taking me home."

   "Tell Me what He said in the car, Nicole."

  "He just told me that I had done very well and that He wanted to see me for
lunch, as He had a surprise for me. I told Him that I would love to have lunch
with Him, and He said He would pick me up at my apartment at 1:00. He then put a
full length black leather trench coat over my  shoulders, as I was still naked,
and told me that I should be ready at 1:00 and to be dressed as I was now. When
we arrived at my building, He helped me out of the car and kissed my hand while
He said goodnight."

   "Nicole, I want to hear more, but first I want you to rest. Take a nap and
I'll have whore wake you for dinner, we can continue our talk after that."

   "Thank You, Mistress," Nicole replied as she put her head back down on the
pillow and closed her eyes.

   Nicole awoke with a start at the cool touch of whore's hand on her face.
"Time to get up, Nicole," whore whispered, "Mistress expects us at dinner within
the hour." Whore helped Nicole get out of bed and took her to the bathroom,
where she drew her bath and gently bathed her. After ministering to the wounds,
whore brought Nicole downstairs to the dining room, which was lit only by
candles. Mistress Ilsa was already seated at the head of the table.

   "Ah, you look much more rested, My pet," Ilsa remarked. "Please take a seat
to My left. Whore, show Nicole your special chair before you sit down."

   "Yes, Mistress, " whore replied, as she took Nicole over to the other side of
the table and pulled her chair out. The "special" chair had two four inch
sections of broomsticks about one inch apart rising up from the seat, and all
around the broomsticks were dozens of carpet tacks sticking up. Whore carefully
positioned herself so that the two shafts lined up with her cunt and asshole,
and then sat down with a wince and soft moan. Nicole took this as her cue and
went back to her side of the table.

   She pulled out her chair, as Mistress laughed aloud, "Checking to see if your
chair is 'special' too? Not yet, slave. Whore is being punished, so she gets to
sit in the chair. Tell slave Nicole what you did, whore."

   "Yes, Mistress," whore answered. "This afternoon, Mistress ordered me to suck
the cock of one of Her he-slaves, and a drop of his cum spilled from my mouth to
the floor. Mistress requires that all cum is to be swallowed, unless She
expressly orderes otherwise, so She has sentenced me to an evening in the
chair."

   "Maybe after dinner you would like to help Me discipline whore, slave 	
Nicole," Ilsa said, "But first, I want to hear the rest of your story regarding
your relationship with Sir Campbell."

   "Yes of course, Mistress," Nicole answered. "I think I left off after He had
dropped me at my apartment. Well, the next day, promptly at 1:00, His limo
pulled up in front of my building, but He wasn't in it. I was driven to an
apartment building in the east seventies. The driver let me out and said that I
was to take the elevator to 7D. When I got up there, Master met me at the door
and said, 'Welcome to your new home, I hope you like it.'

   "I was dumbfounded. I asked Him what He meant, and He explained that He
wasn't comfortable with where I was living. He said that the neighborhood was
too dangerous and that He would feel a lot better if I was in a building with a
twenty-four hour doorman. I began to mutter about my roommate, and He quickly
added that He had given my roommate my share of the rent for the next three
months in order that she could find another person to share the apartment with.
He also said that if the arrangements were agreeable to me that I would not be
going back to work at the catering service. He told me that He would provide for
my needs, and that I was free to attend plays, shows, museums, art galleries and
the like. The only stipulations He would make would be that if He wished to see
me, that He would call in the morning so that I would have ample time to cancel
any plans I had made."

   "Did He give you a chance to turn down His offer?"

   "Yes, Mistress, He said that if I didn't want to accept His offer, that His
driver would take me back to my apartment right then. As You know, I accepted
His offer, and have been in this arrangement ever since."

   "Thank you, slave, that was an interesting story. And now, if you have
finished your meal, it is time that I teach you the proper use of a whip. Whore,
meet us in the dungeon. Slave Nicole, come with me."

   "Yes, Mistress, " the two slaves intoned in unison.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER 7

THE COMPETITION

     Nicole woke with a start when she realized that she had slept so late. A
quick glance at the bedside  clock told her that it was almost noon, far later
than Mistress Ilsa had let her sleep before. She had been living with Mistress
and whore for almost five weeks now, and the routine had become thoroughly
ingrained.

   After taking care of her toilet needs, she headed down the stairs. Clothing
was, of course, not allowed, but she had become completely accustomed to her
constant nakedness. She found Mistress and whore in the sunroom. Whore was on
her knees giving Mistress Ilsa a pedicure.

   "So, you have finally gotten out of bed, slave, how did you sleep," Mistress
asked?

   "Very well, my Lady," came the reply. "Thank You for allowing me the extra
sleep."

   "I allowed it because you will need to be rested for tonight. I have been
invited to a party this evening, and I will be bringing you and whore along for
some light fun and games," Mistress announced. "You and whore may spend the day
however you wish, but I want you both properly prepared and made-up for Me  by
8:00 tonight. We will be attending a twenty-fifth wedding anniversary party at
Hillside Country Club. I intend to show you off fully tonight, being that it is
such an elite and exclusive club. Neither you nor whore will wear any clothing
whatsoever. You must wear your slave collar, of course, and I will leave the
choice of rings in your piercings to you. Any question that you wish to ask I
will address this evening when we are ready to leave. No, go and get yourself
something to eat, and then you may come back and worship Me with your tongue.'

   Nicole was sunbathing on the roof of Mistress' townhouse late in the
afternoon, whiling the time away, when whore came out on the roof to join her.
"We should start to get ready for the evening soon, Nicole," whore said. "I
don't know what  She had in mind for us, but I haven't seen Her this excited in
quite some time."

   "Have you ever been to this club before," Nicole asked?

   "No, I haven't," came the reply, " but I do know that it is a very private
one, members only, and that only the very rich can afford a party there."

   Nicole gathered her things and went back into the house with whore to prepare
for the night. There was much to be done. Each slave took turns giving the other
a manicure and pedicure. They shave each other's leg's underarms, and pubis, and
Nicole shaved whore's head. Mistress did not own Nicole, so she was not required
to be shaven clean from head to foot, only from the underarms down. Nicole
selected rings for her nipples, nether lips, and clitoris, and whore inserted
them for her. Then whore made her selections and Nicole reciprocated in fashion.
They powdered each other and perfumed each other. The final task was for whore
to brush out Nicole's beautiful long black hair. Just as they were completing
their preparation, Mistress Ilsa's voice sounded on the intercom, "I forgot to
mention that you are both to wear black spike heels, handcuffs, and leg irons."

   "Yes, Mistress," the two slaves replied as one, as whore went to the closet
to fetch the required articles.

   Nicole sat patiently as whore fastened the leg irons to her ankles. The
fourteen- inch length of chain hobbled Nicole quite effectively. Then Nicole put
the irons on whore's ankles. Nicole was amazed at how restricted her movement
was in the shackles. "I'm really afraid that I will trip in these, whore>"

   "She makes us wear them not so much for the people She is showing us off to,
as She does it for us. They are a heavy and constant reminder of our place. You
must always remember that you are wearing them, or you will trip, and therefore,
you will remember why you are wearing them, and that is what Mistress wants.
Now, take your handcuffs and fasten them behind your back."

   "How will I be able to put on my coat?"

   "Don't be ridiculous,  we aren't going to be wearing coats, or anything else,
for that matter."

   "You mean we'll be out in public like this?

   "Of course that's what I mean! Don't tell me it bothers you?"

   "But, suppose I am seen by someone I know?"

   "You mean someone you knew. You're a slave now, a possession, nothing more.
Don't put on any airs of modesty tonight, Mistress won't tolerate it. You'll get
used to being on display, and eventually even feel pride in being so. The women
at the party will view us with disdain and disgust, but that's only because they
know that their husbands would love to have them look like us and do the things
we'll be doing. I actually enjoy offending those stuck-up bitches! I am very
proud and confident of my place. I have earned the title of 'slave', and I see
it as an honor. I have no pretenses of myself. I am slave whore, and I belong to
Mistress Ilsa, that is all."

   Slowly, and deliberately,  Nicole and whore descended the staircase that led
into the foyer. Once there, they only had to wait for a brief moment  before
Mistress Ilsa appeared. She was dressed from head to toe in a skin tight black
leather outfit. The corset was form fitting and lifted Her ample breasts up and
out, exposing them right to the nipple, and leaving Her midriff bare. The pants
were cut low on the hip and tapered right to Her ankle. She  wore stiletto heels
and had a cat'o'nine tails hanging from Her belt. In Her hand, She held a dog
leash that had a single handle, but was for two dogs. "Ah," Mistress remarked,"
My two little slut slaves look very attractive tonight. I'm really looking
forward to this evening's activities, I hope you both are as well."

   "Oh yes, Mistress," they chimed together.

   "I'm going to tell you both part of what you may expect from the evening, as
I want the bulk of it to be spontaneous on your part. We are going to attend a
twenty-fifth wedding anniversary party, and the two of you will provide some
after dinner entertainment. Suffice it to say, I am going to stage a little
competition between the two of you for the benefit of the guests. I should also
tell you that there will be a winner and a loser. The winner will be justly
rewarded, and the loser will be punished. Basically, all you need to do is
follow My directions and be yourselves." And saying this, Mistress fastened the
dog leash to the rings in the  two girl's clits. With a sharp snap of the leash,
the two slaves hobbled out the door and down the steps to the street and the
waiting car, ignoring the gasps and stares from the people on the sidewalk.

   After a ninety minute drive that took them out of Manhattan, they found
themselves in Fairfield, Connecticut, driving past large estates where the
houses were so far back from the road that they couldn't be seen. Finally, the
car pulled into the long drive that wound up the hill to the Hillside Country
Club. A valet opened the car door and Mistress stepped out, with the leash and
her two slaves in tow. A pair of  young debutantes was passing bay from the
tennis courts as Nicole and whore got out of the car. The  awestruck debs
dropped their tennis rackets and stood gaping at the naked women. Mistress
turned to them, and said, "If you would like, I could train you both to be like
this." In shock, they sprang away, leaving their rackets on the ground. "Let's
go, slaves," Mistress spoke, as she tugged on the leash.

   Mistress seemed to pick a path that wound around the most populated sections
of the club. whore held herself tall, doing her best to pull her shoulders back
and thrust her breasts forward. Nicole, on the other hand, had all she could do
just to keep  from falling in the leg irons and heels, and looked far less
confident and self-assured. As they rounded the pool, Nicole could see a tent
out on a great lawn, where many couples were dancing to a small band. Mistress
pulled them out onto the lawn.

   When they reached the gathering of people, the band abruptly stopped playing
and all of the  couples turned to see what was going on. Mistress lead them up
to the coupled being feted, and  said, "Tom and Elaine, congratulations on your
anniversary. These are two od My slaves, whore and Nicole. whore and Nicole,
this is Tome and Elaine O'Shea, two very dear friends of mine. Nicole looked up
in a panic when she heard the name Elaine O'Shea, because they had been
neighbors growing up. In fact, Nicole was not quite a teenager when she attended
their wedding back home. By the expression on Elaine's face, Nicole knew she had
been recognized. Her face blushed crimson at the thought of Elaine telling her
parents of her condition.

   "Ilsa, get Yourself and Your slaves something to eat and drink. You have some
time yet before we have the competition."

   "Why thank you, Tom. Would you like my girls to avail themselves to any of
your guests?"

   "That is too generous of You, Ilsa, I'm sure some of our guests would enjoy a
bit of attention." And then in a lod commanding voice Tom announced, "Attention
everyone, Mistress Ilsa has offered her two friends to you for your enjoyment in
any manner you wish. The competition will begin in an hour or so, so please
don't be shy about putting them to good use. Elaine, would you like to have
first choice?"

   "Yes, Tom, I believe I would. Slave Nicole, come with me!" And saying that,
Elaine took the leash out of Nicole's clitoris ring, and Nicole followed her
into a cabana.

   "Nicole Hastings,"  Elaine asked as she shut the cabana door?"

   "Yes, Elaine," she whimpered, shaking visibly at the realization of what was
happening. "Please, I beg you, don't tell my parents. They have no idea what I
have been doing. I'm sure this would kill my father!"

   "Have no fear, little one, your secret is safe with me. My husband is a very 
wealthy man, and every dime was made in pornography. Do you think my parents
know? They thought I was marrying a commercial artist, not a smut peddler. I
must say, however, that I am intrigued at this transition in you. You were such
a prissy little 'prim and proper' little girl. How did Ilsa get a hold of you?"

   "My Master has lent me to Her. She has been training me and marking my breast
with these scars for Him."

   "What have you been trained in?"

   "I have been told that oral sex is my strongest area of training. Mistress
has taught me many different techniques."

   "Well the, cunt, get on your knees and eat me! Oh, you'll have to remove the
tampon, my period began this morning."

   "Yes, Ma'am," Nicole replied, as she knelt before the woman and lifted her
dress.

   After only three minutes, Elaine let out with a loud moan as a shudder
coursed through her from head to foot. "Whew, that was certainly the best head
I've had, and believe me, many of the startlets  who have been in Tom's films
have given me a good lapping, but not like that one! Come, Nicole, time to get
back to the party."

   When the two women reached the tent, they saw whore on her hands and knees,
eating out a woman, while her husband fucked her in the ass. "Ilsa," Elaine
called, " I believe we have two excellent competitors for our games tonight. Do
You have the events maped out?"

   "Why of course, Elaine. I have six events planned in which My slaves can
prove themselves, and one extra one in case we need a tie-breaker. Have you
arranged for a prize for the winner, and a consequence for the loser?"

  "Yes, Ilsa, I think I've come up with appropriate ideas," Elaine responded.

  "Fine, then if your guests are ready, let's let the game begin!" And saying
this, Ilsa grabbed whore by the ring in her collar and tugged her over to where
Nicole was standing. "Kneel," She commanded! And both of the slaves knelt in the
proscribed fashion; backs straight, heads bowed, eyes closed, and knees apart.

   "Slave whore and slave Nicole, I am now going to explain what we will be
doing. We are about to have a little slave competition, a slave 'Olympics', if
you will. There are six events, and both of you will have a chance to score
points in each event. If one of you begs for mercy before the vent ends, the
other slave is awarded the point. But, if you can last throughout the event
without calling for mercy, you will receive the point. The slave with the most
points at the end receives a prize, and the slave with the least points, will be
punished. Do you have any questions?"

   "No, Mistress," the girls intoned as one.

   "Fine, then the games will now begin!."

   "Slave Nicole, take whore's left breast into your mount, and suck on the
areola and nipple hard. Now, bite down on it with your teeth. If you can get her
to beg for mercy before you taste blood, then you get the point. You may begin."

   Nicole sucked the nipple and areola deep into her mouth and lightly tongued
it to make it harden. The she began to bite down on it with her front teeth.
whore began to moan as the pressure of the teeth increased.

   "Harder, Nicole,' Mistress encouraged. And whore's moans began to turn into a
scream. Nicole bit down even harder, until she feared she might bite the nipple
in two, until, all at once, she cut the nipple, and tasted blood. Nicole
immediately stopped biting, and released the nipple from her mouth. Blood was
starting to flow from the cuts in whore's nipple as Mistress announced," She
drew blood. This event goes to slave whore. Time for the second event, slave
Nicole, I want you to stand and spread your legs apart. Wider....wider. That's
good, now, bend over and grab your ankles. Whore take one of the candles off a
table and bring it back here.

   "Yes, Mistress," whore replied, as she walked over and took a lit candle out
of an ornate candle holder. Ilsa said, "now, you are to hold the candle on the
ground underneath her cunt. In this event, you are to slowly raise the candle up
into her cunt or asshole, your choice. If you snuff the candle out in either
place before she begs for mercy, it is Nicole's point. You also must keep the
candle moving, no holding it still, or she gets the point. Am I clear?"

   "Yes, Mistress, I understand."

   "Good. Raise the candle."

   Nicole could feel the heat from the candle whore was holding beneath her
crotch. At first, she wasn't able to discern any change in it's position, but
then, she began to squirm a bit as she felt the flame begin to lick at the
tender skin of her two holes. She gritted her teeth against the steadily
increasing pain. A moan began uncontrollably, and before she was aware of it,
she was screaming and begging whore for mercy.

   "The second event goes to slave whore, making it two to nothing in whore's
favor," Ilsa proclaimed. "you did fairly well in that event, Nicole. Another
five inches and the candle would have been snuffed out. You do have a few nasty
looking blisters. I guess you won't be tempted to play with yourself for a
while.

   "Alright, My pretties, event number three!. Nicole, take three of those long
stemmed roses out of the vase on the serving table. You are going to deliver
five strokes to whore's left breast, and just the left breast. Whore, you will
count the blows aloud as you receive them, thanking Nicole after each. If you
miscount, Nicole gets a bonus point, and she will start again. If whore screams
at anytime before the fifth blow is delivered, the event goes to Nicole."

   Nicole approached whore with the thorny stems trying to position herself in
such a way as to allow her full access at her target. Her arm flew through the
air as the thorns slashed across whore's helpless breast, ripping the flesh and
bringing instant bleeding. Whore bit her lip and hissed, "One, thank you
Nicole." Nicole stood back a bit, and without a moment's hesitation, brought the
sharp barbs tearing through the tender skin with two vicious cuts.

   Even with all of her stamina and training, the shock was more than whore
could bear, as a scream cut through the night air.

   "Well, Nicole finally gets on the board, since whore couldn't control her
screams, so the score is now whore two and Nicole one. Time for the fourth
event. Nicole, lay on your back and spread your legs. Whore, this event is
simple. Put your face in Nicole's cunt and suck one of the labia into your
mouth. Bite down on it slowly. If you draw blood before she begs for mercy, it
is her point. Begin."

   Nicole instantly felt the sharp bite of whore's teeth on the distended lip.
She dug her finger nails into her palms and gritted her teeth in determination
not to beg for mercy. "Bite harder whore. Harder.....harder!"

   "All of a sudden, whore stopped and pulled her blood covered face away,
announcing, "I taste blood, Mistress."

   Looking down at the ravaged sax, Ilsa decreed, "Yes, she is cut and bleeding,
but she didn't beg for mercy, so we now have a tie, with two events remaining.
Time for a little break in the games. Both of you stand up! Whore, put your
fingers in Nicole's cunt. Masturbate her for Me. I want to hear her cum. You
have fifteen seconds to make her come, or she'll get another bonus point."

   Try as she may, Nicole could not resist the well trained touch of whore's
fingers, and she moaned out as she climaxed after only nine seconds.

   "I see you haven't lost your touch, whore. Nicole, lick her fingers clean.

   "Now Nicole, put your fingers in slave whore's cunt. Start to play with her,
but pay attention and watch carefully. whore, you may not cum until I say so,
and then you are to cum at that time, or not at all. Rub her harder, Nicole.
Faster...faster...now harder. Whore, don't cum, not yet.
Faster......faster......harder......not yet whore. Remember, it is I who gives
you the gifts of pain and pleasure, when it pleases Me to give them. Harder,
Nicole....harder. Alright whore, cum for Me!"

   A violent shudder took over the girl's body as she spasmed and shook, crying
out at the intensity of her  climax. "Clean her fingers, whore. Let this be a
learning experience for you, Nicole. I control My slaves totally, their every
need, including pain and pleasure. You both may thank Me for My generosity in
allowing you the privilege  of cumming in front of these people."

   "Thank You, Mistress," the girls chanted.

   "Time to get back to the games, slaves. It's tied at two points each, and
there are two events left. We might need a tie-breaker. Your turn, Nicole. Take
this piece of string and put a slip knot in it." Ilsa waited as the slave did
Her bidding. "That's good, now slip it over her left breast and pull it tight.
That's it. Alright, all you have to do is keep pulling the string tighter until
she either moves her feet, in which case the point is yours, or the string
breaks, and the point goes to whore. You may begin.

   "Come on, Nicole, pull it harder....more....more, she's losing her balance."

   Nicole tried to keep the tension even, but just when she thought whore would
have to move, the cord snapped. "That's three to two, whore leads. The pressure
is on you now, Nicole. Either you win this last event and force a tie-breaker,
or the games go to whore.

   "whore, take this metal dog leash and clip it to the two rings in Nicole's
labia". Nicole spread her legs to make it easier for whore to see the rings, as
Mistress ordered. "Okay whore, all you have to do in this event is pull on the
leash until you tear the rings out of her cunt, or she begs for mercy. Please
begin."

   Nicole felt the pain increase as whore began to pull on the leash. She looked
down to see the delicate lips stretched over five inches. The pain burned as the
stainless steel began to stretch the piercings. "Please," she cried out, "I beg
you to stop."

   "Ladies and gentlemen, Ilsa proclaimed, "we have a winner. slave  whore had
beaten slave Nicole by a score of four to two. Would all of the men gather
around Nicole please.

   "Nicole, please kneel here on the ground, as the men jerk off on your face.
Whore, you will lick the cum as your treat for being victorious!"




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER 8

WHORE'S ULTIMATE GIFT

   Nicole had come to notice the su�tle changes in the relationship between
Mistress and whore about three weeks after she had moved in with them. However,
during the past ten days or so, it had become obvious that something major was
going on. The rules in Mistress' house were clear and very simple: the slaves
were to be constantly naked, no matter who was in the house, and they were to do
whatever Mistress ordered of them. For whore, there was also the rule of her
being totally shorn of all of her hair, head to foot, as a sign of Mistress'
ownership of her. But now, new rules had been applied to whore. For one, she now
always had pump-up dildos in her ass and cunt, which were inflated a bit more
each day. These invaders were only removed for toilet needs, and the one in her
ass had a long tail made of horse hair. Mistress also required that whore remain
on her knees at all times, even walking was forbidden. So whore had to crawl
about the house and take her meals from the floor, lapping at her food like a
dog. At least three times each day, whore was viscously beaten with a bullwhip,
even if the poor slave had not had an infraction. whore was only allowed to
bathe with the water from the dungeon toilet, which had been altered to prohibit
flushing.  She was filthy and covered by the cuts from the frequent whippings.
Nicole had become very distressed by the harsh treatment that whore was being
made to endure, and she feared that something was happening in the house between
Mistress and her cunt slave.

   One evening, after the three of them had dined, Mistress bound whore's
breasts with a heavy rope and hung her from a hook that they normally used to
hang a slave by the wrists. She then ordered Nicole to her bed chamber, and they
left whore whimpering in her suspension. After Nicole had serviced her Mistress'
divine pussy, she got up the nerve to speak: "Mistress," Nicole queried
sheepishly, "may I ask You a questions"?

   "Yes, slave, what is it?"

   "I do not wish to show You any disrespect, nor do I question Your place as my
Mistress, but I have seen a tremendous change in Your treatment of whore, and I
fear that something is wrong between You and her."

   "Well," came the haughty reply, " I was wondering how long it would take for
you to work up the courage to speak to Me." Nicole made sure that her eyes were
lowered to Mistress' feet, as she did not dare raise them. "Before I do you the
favor of an answer to your rude and insubordinate question, I should tell you
that after I grant your answer, you will take whore's place on the hook as
punishment for daring to ask.

   "What is taking place now is in preparation for whore's ultimate statement as
a slave. Three weeks ago, whore came to Me complaining of abdominal pain. When I
inquired as to the length of time she had the pain, she informed Me that she had
been living with it for about eight months, but that recently it had gotten bad.
I took her to My physician and she diagnosed whore with ovarian cancer.
Unfortunately, it is both inoperable and terminal. Whore has about six weeks to
live."

   Nicole gasped out loud as the reality of the news cut into her like the bite
of a lash. "Oh my God," she shuddered, as she unwittingly raised her eyes to
seek comfort in Mistress Ilsa's face, "this can't be!"

   "I wish that I could say that it wasn't true. But, I'm afraid, it is."

   "Isn't there anything that can be done," Nicole pressed?"

   "Well, in terms of the cancer, nothing, but in terms of her slavery,
something wonderful."

   "Please forgive me, Mistress," Nicole responded, "but I'm confused."

   "Whore is going to die, slave Nicole, and there is nothing that can be done
to prevent that. But, the time, place and cause of death is something that can
be controlled, and since slavery is about relinquishing control, this will prove
to be whore's ultimate gift to her Mistress."

   "W..w...what do You mean, Mistress?"

  
   "whore's ultimate and final gift to her Owner is to be her death on a Roman
Tau cross for Me. she is to be crucified! I am preparing the details for the
event and sending out invitations. It is scheduled to take place two weeks from
Friday at My country estate. It will be a small gathering of My closest friends.
The entire event will be scripted to make it as authentic as possible. As best
as I can tell, if we begin around noon on Friday, it should be over by sometime
Saturday night. The three of us will be leaving here for My estate this Friday
so that we can make all of the necessary preparations."

   Nicole was too shocked by all of this information to even respond. She sat
hunched over Ilsa's feet, sobbing softly. Ilsa gently stroked her hair and
lifted Nicole's chin so that their eyes met. "I know that all of this is quite
difficult to absorb, but whore is definite about having this rare opportunity to
prove her dedication and devotion to Me by undertaking the most severe ordeal a
human can face. she is being mentally prepared now, that is why she is
constantly being degraded, abused and beaten. You see, Nicole, in Roman times,
only the lowliest of slaves were crucified. So, whore must be debased to a level
where she can completely accept her fate, as she hangs from the cross. A broken
slave, as testimony to My power and dominance. All of the proscribed rituals of
ancient Rome will be adhered to. This includes a gang rape, scourging, and a
procession with whore carrying the patebellum to her place of execution. she
will have it no other way, as she knows that this is to be her finest hour. She
will endure the most humiliating and painful death for her Mistress!

   "Now, go and remove whore from her bonds. Then you will lick her body clean.
I will be along shortly to place you on the hook in her stead."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By: Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER 9
THE COUNTRY ESTATE

  It was about 4:30 on Thursday afternoon. Nicole had just finished
administering whore with her second set of thirty-nine lashes that day. This
time, however, the poor slave had hung from her ankles while Nicole gave her the
brutal beating on the front of her thighs, her breasts and belly. The flogger
that Mistress had selected for this session was made of leather, but it had been
soaked in water for a few days and then allowed to dry and harden. This was no
soft flogger you might see in some west coast bondage movie. This was a mean
instrument of pain, designed to raise angry swollen welts with each lash.

   Nicole was sweating profusely when she finished the last blow. whore barely
had the strength to muster the required 'thank you,' as Mistress walked into the
room. Well, slave Nicole, I see you've been hard at work. Nicely done, I might
add," She commented, as She examined the suspended slave more closely.

   "Thank You, Mistress."

   "It has always been a belief of mine that underneath every slave beats the
heart of a particularly cruel Dom. Looks to Me like you are just proving My
theory.

   "Nicole, I want you to loosen whore from her bonds, and then bring her up to
My bed chamber. When you get there, draw a nice bath."

   "Certainly, Mistress," Nicole answered, as she went to lower the winch that
held whore in her predicament.

   When she had lowered whore to the ground, Nicole attached a dog leash to the
slave's collar, and led her, on her knees, up the dungeon stairs and then up the
main staircase, to the Master bedroom suite. Not sure exactly what she should do
with the slave while she was preparing the bath, Nicole tied the leash to the
ring at the foot of the bed, and went to fix the bath. The tub was quite large
and took a while to fill. Nicole added a generous amount of bath oils to the
water, while she checked to see that the temperature was what her Mistress
liked, and then found a natural sponge for bathing Mistress. She got two clean
towels and the heavy terrycloth robe that Mistress always used afetr a long soak
in the tub.

   When she was through, Nicole went back into the bedroom to await her
Mistress. She didn't have long to wait though, as Mistress Ilsa came into the
room just as Nicole was coming out of the bath. "All done, slave," Mistress
asked?"

   "Yes, Mistress. Your bath is ready for You."

   "Very good," She replied. Then, after a lengthy pause, Mistress ordered,
"Position A, slaves." And the two women immediately got into the proper position
for receiving orders. They knelt on their knees, with their heads bowed. Their
arms were folded behind their backs, hands gripping their elbows. Their eyes
were shut, mouths open, and legs spread.

   "whore," She began, "I have spent the past two weeks preparing you for the
ordeal you will soon be undertaking. I have seen to it that you were abuse,
beaten, humiliated and degraded, both mentally and physically as a means of
getting you ready for the upcoming event at My country estate. And now, at long
last, I feel thet you are ready."

   "Thank You, Mistress," whore acknowledged proudly. " i have been trying very
hard to make myself worthy of You."

   "you have done superbly, whore, and now you shall be rewarded. From this
moment, until the event begins, you are to be pampered. You will be waited on,
hand and foot. You shall want for nothing. You will be treaty like royalty.
Upper class. Aristocracy. In fact, as of this minute, you shall be called 'Lady
Whore.' You will no longer crawl about and sleep on the floor. You will no
longer be naked. I have bought you some new clothes to wear.

   "Nicole, from this moment on, until the event, you will be Lady Whore's hand
maid. You are to take care of Her every need. You will bathe Her and massage Her
with oils. You will keep Her body free of hair, and glistening. You will make
Her bed in the morning and turn it down for Her at night. You will clean Her
after the toilet and dress Her. You will sleep at the foot of Her bed in case
She has need of you during the night. If She desires to climax, you will
accommodate Her as She wishes.

   "Have I made Myself clear, Lady Whore and slave nicole?"

   "Yes, Mistress," they intoned.

   "Good. So now it finally begins, the final phase before the event. Nicole,
that bath is for Lady Whore."

   "I will see to it right away, Mistress," Nicole answered, as Ilsa turned and
left.

   Nicole spent the better part of two hours tending to Lady Whore; bathing Her,
shaving Her body, massaging Her with expensive lotions, and, lastly, dressing
Her. That evening, Nicole ate her dinner out of a dish on the floor at Lady
Whore's feet, while Mistress and Lady Whore enjoyed pleasant conversation.
Nicole felt strangely embarrassed as she ate, for she alone was naked in the
room and she was not included in any of the conversation. Finally, when the meal
had ended, Mistress spoke to her. "Nicole," She said, "tomorrow, you will get up
early and pack the bags for Me and Lady Whore for our trip to My country estate.
All of Lady Whore's things are in Her closet. She will tell you what other
things she will want you to pack. Come to My bedroom at 8:00 and I will tell you
what to pack for Me. All that you will need to bring for yourself are your
toiletries, as you will be naked for the duration of our stay in the country. I
do, however, have a new black leather cape for you to wear in the car, and
whenever we go out. Am I clear, slave?"

   "Yes, thank You, Mistress."

   That night Nicole spent sleeping on the hardwood floor of Mistress Ilsa's
bedroom, listening to the moans from Mistress and Lady Whore as they enjoyed
each other's bodies fully.

   In the morning, Nicole again bathed and massaged Lady Whore, and then she
dressed Her in a beautiful dark blue cotton dress, with a high laced collar and
long sleeves that ended at Her wrists. Nicole packed all of the bags into the
trunk of Mistress' sleek black Jaguar. "Here is your cape, Nicole," Mistress
announced, holding it our for her to take. "Put it on, and model it for us."

   Nicole put the cape over her shoulders. It was a rich leather with a wine red
satin lining. There was a pair of leather ties at the neck. Nicole quickly
discovered that it would hide her nakedness only when she stood still, as it
opened with each step she took when she paraded around for Mistress and Lady
Whore's approval.

   "That looks lovely, my dear. Please put on your four inch spikes and a set of
leg irons with an eighteen inch chain. You will be needing full movement for
your feet, as you are our driver."

   "Yes, Mistress."

   The drive from Manhattan was pleasant. The toll booth collector on the
Tri-Borough Bridge did a double take when he caught a glimpse of Nicole's
breasts as she paid the toll.

   About two hours later, Mistress told Nicole to turn down a dirt road, which
turned into a graveled driveway. The driveway was well over three miles long and
wound through very dense woods as it climbed up a hilly terrain. As she was
maneuvering the car around a very tight turn, a magnificent house came into
view. It was a three and a half story stone and Tudor mansion, with well
manicured lawns, meticulously landscaped grounds. And a white crushed stone
drive. Nicole pulled the car up to the portecochere and said, "Mistress, this is
incredible!"

   "Thank you, slave Nicole. It has been in My family for over a century. I used
to spend My summers here when I was a young girl. In fact, My first experiences
as a dominant were here when I was twelve, but more of that some other time.
Nicole, take the bags from the car and bring them upstairs. My bedroom is up at
the top of the stairs and down the hall, last room on the right. Lady Whore will
be in the guest suite across the hall from Me.

   "Yes, Mistress," Nicole answered.

   "Lady Whore, why don't You come with Me and I will show You around the house.
Nicole," She added, "you can unpack our bags later. I'm sure Lady Whore has some
needs that You could attend to first."

   "Very good, Mistress," came the reply, as Nicole hefted the heavy luggage
from the trunk.

   The three women settled into the country home quickly, and the days were
spent following a relaxing schedule: Nicole would rise before 7:00 each morning
and draw a bath for Lady Whore. Nicole would then bathe Her, give Her a total
body massage with fine oils, and then dress Her. The clothing always consisted
of a long dress that covered Lady Whore all the way down to Her ankles. The
neck-line was mid-throat and the sleeves came down to the wrist. Most mornings,
the three of them would walk over the grounds of the estate, with Nicole naked,
and carrying a parasol over Lady Whore to block the sun. Mistress wanted Her
skin as white as possible. On The fifth morning, Lady Whore exclaimed,  "This is
the place, Mistress. This is it!"

   Nicole had no idea what She was talking about, as Mistress said, " Yes, this
is a lovely setting, it's perfect!". They were all standing in a wide open field
of tall grasses and wild flowers. The field was rimmed by trees on all sides. A
gentle slope lead up to a knoll about two hundred yards from the tree-line

   "Pardon me, Mistress," Nicole spoke, "but where are we?"

   "You mean that you have no idea why we have been taking these walks each
morning? We've been looking for the place to stage Lady Whore's crucifixion. I
wanted for Her to select the place where Her cross would stand, and this is just
the spot. She will be visible from all around the field, and the walk from the
house will make for a gallant processional.

   "Let's go up to the top of the hill and mark the spot for the cross,"
Mistress said.

   "When they reached the top of the hill, Nicole was sweating from the bright
sunlight and her legs were scratched from the rough grasses and flowers. "How
about here, Mistress," Lady Whore asked?"

   "Yes, I should think that this would be fine, but which direction would You
like to face while You are hanging?"

   "I should think that south would be best, Mistress. As the full exposure to
the sun will add to the effect of the event."

   "Then south it shall be. Nicole, find some rocks to mark this spot with.
We'll need to find it again when you come out here to dig the hole for the
cross."

     On the walk back to the house, Nicole was surprised at the level of
excitement in Mistress and Lady Whore's voices. They both bubbled with
enthusiasm as they discussed Lady Whore's impending crucifixion and death. It
was as if they were planning a summer party and were talking about the band they
had booked.

   That afternoon, Mistress announced, "I'm very pleased that we found the site
so quickly and that it is such a wonderful place. I want to celebrate. Let's go
out to a movie and then dinner. Nicole, give Lady Whore another bath and oil
massage, and then come see Me. I have a new gown for Her to wear. You, Nicole,
are to wear your heels and cape."

   "Yes, Mistress."

    The small town where the movie theatre was located was about a thirty-five
minute drive. When Nicole had parked the car, Mistress said, "Nicole, I want you
to put these handcuffs on behind your back."

   "Surely, Mistress," she replied.

   As they began the walk across the parking lot, Nicole realized that keeping
the cape closed against her nudity was not going to be easy. With her hands
cuffed behind her, the cape swung open with every step that she took. The only
thing that seemed to help at all was taking small steps.

   They had parked the car on the side of the mall opposite the movie theatres,
so they had to walk the length of the mall to reach the movies. Nicole took
small choppy steps in an attempt to keep her cape from billowing with each step.
Mistress Ilsa and Lady Whore were engaged in an animated conversation that
completely excluded Nicole. When they got inside the theatre, Mistress made
Nicole sit by herself a couple of rows in front of Lady Whore and Herself. As
soon as Nicole sat down, her cape began to open, exposing her breasts and belly.
A group of five teenage boys came down the aisle, talking loudly and pushing
each other, spilling popcorn and soft drinks as they went. One of them stumbled 
into Nicole, and was shocked into silence when he saw her naked torso. With a
couple of quickly whispered words to his buddies, the five boys pushed into
Nicole's row and sat next to her, ogling the free show.

   Nicole could hear the muffled laughter from Mistress and Lady Whore at her
predicament. With her hands cuffed behind her, she could do nothing to fend off
the boys or hide her nakedness from them. The boy sitting next to her got brazen
and began to rub her thigh with his. When she didn't stop him, he started to use
his hands on her leg, then her belly, and finally, her breasts. She spent the
entire movie being groped and fondled by the boys, who took turns sitting next
to her.

   When the film ended, Mistress Ilsa called out, ""Whenever you are ready,
Nicole, we would like to leave."

  Her face flushed crimson as she meekly replied, " Coming, Mistress."

   One of the boys shot a probing hand into her crotch as she turned to rejoin
Mistress and Lady Whore.

  As they walked back through the mall, Nicole was happy to at least have
regained some control over the exposure of her body beneath the cape. She was
sure the teenagers would have a lot of tales to tell in the boy's locker at
school.

   Nicole drove in silence to the restaurant as she once again was excluded from
the conversation going on in the back of the car. "I want to use valet parking,
Nicole," Mistress ordered.

   "Yes, Mistress."

   The valet sprung open the door and inhaled sharply when she spied Nicole's
breasts and then her shaved pubis as she alighted from the car.. "Wait a minute,
please," Mistress called out to Nicole, "I wish to have Lady Whore bring you
into the restaurant on your leash." Nicole stood silently as she felt Lady
Whore's fingers feeling for the clitoral ring and fasten the clasp. A sharp snap
on the leash was all it took for Nicole to follow like an errant puppy behind
Lady Whore.

   The maitre d' escorted them to a quiet table in a secluded back corner of the
room. "Lady whore, would You please do Me the favor of removing Nicole's cape. I
wish to see her naked while we dine."

   "With pleasure, Mistress," Lady Whore answered, as she slipped the cape off
Nicole's shoulders.

    "Oh, and one more request, Lady, put these cuffs back on her wrists behind
her back. I want her to eat like an animal."

   "Gladly, Mistress."

   As the meal progressed, Nicole did her best to try to avoid the stares of the
other patrons, waiters, and busboys, as she lapped at the food on her plate.
Mistress didn't allow her to clean the food from her face at the end of the
meal, and her face, breasts, stomach and thighs were generously splattered with
scraps of food and sauces. "Lady Whore, please hand Nicole's cape to Me. I don't
want her to make a mess of it with all that food she spilled. She can go out and
get the car for us. Undo her cuffs though, She might have a tough time driving
like that."

   "Yes, Mistress," Lady Whore replied, and the two women laughed loudly as
Nicole had to get up and walk through the restaurant to the parking lot to
retrieve the car. The lot attendant couldn't have been more then twenty years
old, and he stood stone still as the naked woman approached him and asked him to
bring her car around.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By: Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER 10

THE FINAL PREPARATIONS

   Monday morning of the last week dawned sunny, hot, and humid. During
breakfast, Mistress Ilsa announced; "This is the day we begin the final
preparations for the event. Today, we will start it all by having Nicole dig the
hole that will support your cross, Lady Whore. Isn't it exciting?"

   "Oh yes, Mistress," Lady Whore exclaimed, I have been waiting for this week
ever since I first met You. I can't wait to start setting everything in motion
that will end with my gift to You!"

   "Nicole, after you finish clearing the table, take this list and go out to
the shed and get all of the items on the list. I believe there is a wagon out
there somewhere. You can put everything in the wagon and then bring it around to
the front of the house."

   "Yes, Mistress," Nicole replied, as she began clearing away the breakfast
dishes.

   The tool shed was dark and quite thick with dust and spider webs. After she
rummaged around for a while, Nicole found the items Mistress had on Her list:
two chairs, a beach umbrella, a shovel, pick-axe, and a post hole digger. She
placed everything in the wagon and pulled the old wooden wagon out of the shed. 
The wagon looked like a small version of an old western buckboard, not a typical
garden wagon. It had a bench seat in the front and a flat area in the back where
she had placed all of the things. There was a pair  of long wooden poles that
were connected to the front axle, and the axle was on a swivel, so it would
pivot to make turning easier when you pulled it. She brought the wagon to the
front of the house and found Mistress and Lady Whore waiting for her on the
porch. "Ah, here she comes at last," Ilsa ridiculed, "I was beginning to think
that you had managed to get yourself lost. Come up here and help Lady Whore to
the wagon."

   "Yes, Mistress," Nicole said, as she let go of the wagon and walked over to
the steps leading to the porch. She picked up a parasol and held it over Lady
Whore's head, and taking Her hand, guided Her to the wagon.

   Nicole helped Lady Whore get up onto the wagon seat and turning around, saw
the reins, harness, bit and bridle that were held out to her from Mistress'
hands. "These are for you, slut," Mistress said, "put them on so I can hitch you
up to the wagon like a proper little pony girl."

     "Of course, Mistress, Nicole answered, as she slipped the bit into her
mouth and fastened the harness behind her head. When she had the bit, bridle and
harness in place and secured, Ilsa stepped forward and presented her with a long
black double glove, made of a lustrous suede, Ilsa slipped the glove up on
Nicole's arms, which were behind her back, and cinched the shoulder straps as
tightly as She could, until Nicole let out with a moan.

   "There, now you look presentable. Maybe I should start you on a regimen of
pony girl training and enter you in the meets this fall. Now, prance over here
so I can put your reins on and fasten you to the wagon. Oh wait, I almost forgot
something. Wait here, cunt!" Ilsa went back to the porch and returned with a
butt plug that had long horse hair dangling from the end, and a particularly
mean looking buggy whip.

   "Bend over and present yourself to me, slut," She ordered.

   Nicole bent at the waist and spread her legs as wide as she could, so that
her ass would be as open as possible for Mistress. Ilsa spread her ass bud with
the fingers of one hand, and buried the dry plug to the base with one hard stab.
When Nicole stood up, the horse hair dangled down from her ass like it was her
tail. Then Mistress hitched the young slave up to the wagon, clipping one set of
reins to the bridle and bit, and the other to the ring in her nose. She climbed
up into the wagon, and with a viscous snap of the whip, across Nicole's flanks,
ordered, "Giddy-up!" Another snap of the whip across the shoulder blades was all
it took to get Nicole pulling as hard as she could.

   Nicole really strained to pull the wagon through the gravel driveway, as the
wagon with it's occupants was very heavy. It was easier pulling it along the
path in the woods, but when they reached the field, the whip sliced across
Nicole's buttocks as Mistress commanded, "Faster slave, I don't want Lady Whore
out in the sun any longer than is necessary." And to put some emphasis in Her
words, She gave the tiring slave three quick lashed on her back, as Nicole
pulled harder and broke into a jogging gait.

   When they reached the site that Nicole had marked with the stones, Mistress
gave a sharp pull on the reins that snapped Nicole's head back as She yelled,
"Whoa!" Ilsa undid the tack from the panting slave girl and instructed her to
set up the umbrella and chairs. Nicole spied a picnic basket and blanket in the
front of the wagon. "Spread the blanket by Our chairs, pour Lady Whore and Me a
glass of wine, and then you may proceed to dig the hole for the cross."

   Nicole followed her orders and then picked up the shovel to begin the task at
hand. It didn't take her long to find that using a shovel while bare-foot wasn't
a good idea, so she developed a rhythm with the pick-axe, and post hole digger,
and then the shovel to remove the earth. After about an hour of toiling in the
relentless sun, Nicole had a hole that was a bit over three feet deep. Mistress
called over to her,  "That should be deep enough to support the cross, Nicole,
now, pour us another glass of wine, and then load everything back into the wagon
and put on your tack.

   When they reached the house, Nicole was a mess. She was bathed in sweat,
covered with dirt and badly sunburned. Her hair was  a matted, soaked, knotted
tangle that would require a lot of work. "My God, Nicole, you look disgusting,"
Mistress said, taking the long glove off the exhausted slave, "Lay down in the
driveway so We can clean you off." Nicole laid in the driveway as ordered, and
watched as the two women stood straddling her. When the each lifted their
dresses, she knew what was coming. The two streams of hot urine splashed down on
her from her face to her knees and was seemingly endless. When at last, they had
both emptied their bladders, Nicole didn't wait for the order, but quickly sat
up and licked the two Ladies clean.

    On Tuesday morning, Lady Whore wasn't feeling well. The pain was more
intense and almost without pause. Mistress assigned a number of tasks to Nicole
in preparation for Friday. She made numerous trips out to the field with the
wagon, ferrying all sorts of things: tables, lawn chairs, throw rugs, and a
tent. She also used a sickle to clear the tall grass around the excavation and
also in the place where the tent and chairs were set up, so the guests wouldn't
have to deal with the tall grass..

   Wednesday morning found Lady Whore feeling somewhat better, so the three
women got into the big black Chevy Suburban that was in the garage, and headed
for a local salvage yard. They were shopping for the cross for Lady Whore.

   The teenager who came to help them in the salvage yard couldn't take his eyes
away from Nicole, who was only wearing her knee high black leather boots and
cape. Mistress had, at least. Allowed her the use of her hands, so she was able
to keep the cape from completely exposing her nakedness. "I'm building a
retaining wall," Mistress interrupted the boy's gaze, "and I want it to look
weathered. Do you have any discarded railroad ties?"

   "Yeah," the boy mumbled, "I'll show you were we keep 'em"

   In the back corner of the yard was a pile of old ties that were haphazardly
dumped in a heap. "Do they come in different lengths." Mistress inquired?

   "Nah, they're all the same, cuz they used 'em on the train tracks."

   "Well, I need one that is ten feet long and one that is about five feet?"

   "The five footer is no sweat, cuz that's about what they are anyway, an you
could probably put two of 'em together if ya wanted. Maybe if ya got a coupla
steel plates drilled, you could bolt the plates to the sides of the ties. That
oughta hold 'em pretty good."

   "Fine, " Mistress said, "Give Me three ties. But I want the oldest most
damaged looking ones you have, like that one over there with the big splinters
sticking out of it. And can you get Me some kind of steep plates like you
described?"

   "Yeah, we got somethin' that'll work for ya. I could pre-drill 'em for ya, if 
ya want. Then all ya gotta do is bolt 'em together with like lag bolts>"

   "That would be fine, thank you," Mistress said, "But I want three plates."

   When the boy was finished getting the three ties, the plates, drilling the
plates, and getting the lag bolts, then loading them in the Suburban, Mistress
asked, "Do you have any heavy spikes?"

   "Sure, we got all the old railroad spikes they used ta use on the ties."

   They should be fine, please get Me three of them.

   When the teen got spikes, Mistress announced, I'm going into the office to
settle the bill, Nicole, tip this young man for being so helpful."

   "Yes Mistress," Nicole said. She lead the boy back behind a small building,
and dropping to her knees, looked up into his eyes as she unzipped his jeans and
took his cock into her mouth. In seconds he was rock hard and drove his cock
into her mouth, filling her mouth with his cum in under a minute. Nicole thanked
him for his help as she zipped his pants back up. Mistress came out of the
office as the grinning teen walked by her.

   When they reached the house, Mistress ordered Nicole to get the wagon again
from the shed, and to bring a wrench back with her.

   When Nicole returned with the wagon, Mistress ordered,  "Help me lift the
ties out of the car, Nicole." Nicole was amazed at the weight of the ties, and
had to really pull to slide them, one at a time, from the back of the car. The
two women wrestled the ties until they had two of them straight. "Get two of the
plates and the bolts, Nicole, then I'll hold the plates while you bolt the ties
together into an upright."

   Once they had completed the job, they stood back and admired the ten foot
upright they had made. "What's the third plate for, Mistress?"

   "The cross we're going to use is called a Roman Tau cross, named after the
letter Tau, which it resembles. The cross beam, or patebellum, as it was called,
will be supported by the it's weight on the upright, so that it's weight and
Lady Whore's weight will rest on the upright. The third steel plate will be
bolted to the back to prevent it from slipping off.

   "Now let's try and drag the upright into the back of the wagon, so you can
take it out to the field."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By: Charles E. Campbell

Chapter 11
THE EVENT

   And so, with an ominous and foreboding sky, Thursday dawned. The day of the
event had arrived.

    The conversation at the breakfast table was not like it had been for the
past few days. This morning, it was more of a strained silence that was
punctuated by the sounds of the silverware against the china. A "How did you
sleep," or, "Isn't it a tasty melon this morning," was about as deep as the
three women seemed willing to go.

   When is was painfully obvious that the meal had ended, and that the two
slaves were nervously awaiting their instructions, Mistress Ilsa sighed, and
spoke, "Well, I today is the day. I guess there is no use hiding the emotions we
all are feeling. The guests will begin to arrive a bit after noon, all of the
preparations are complete, everything is set and in place. It is time.

   "whore, I will not speak kindly with you once the event has begun to play, so
I wish to say something to you now. I have owned only a few slaves, but, as you
know, I have trained countless numbers of them. You have been the best slave I
have ever used, and I want you to know how proud I am of your service to Me. I
also want you to know how flattered I am that you wish to be crucified for My
pleasure. I shall never forget this gift you are presenting Me with, and I will
erect a special monument over your grave out in the field for all to see."

   Nicole began to weep. Her sobs shook through her naked body as she sat
listening at the table. "Mistress," whore spoke out, "it is I who is grateful to
You. For it was You who gave my life purpose. It was You who filled me with
pride in what I am. It was You who gave me the chance to prove my worth.
Therefore, it is to You that I give my life."

   Rather than ordering the girl to Her, Ilsa got up from Her seat and went over
to whore and embraced her. The two women cried, as nicole began to wail.

   After a few minutes of comfort, Ilsa said, "whore, you are to spend the rest
of this day in your room. you will have no visitors. Nicole will be with you the
entire time, so if you have any needs, she will see to them for you. I want you
to spend the day thinking about what is to come. You must prepare yourself as
best as you can.

   "Nicole, whatever she wants, she is to get. At three this afternoon, you are
to bathe her, shave her, massage her with oils, perfume her, and then dress her
in the red velvet gown that is in her closet. Take your time in these
preparations. You are to escort her to the dining room at six o'clock sharp. I
want you to be washed. Clean shaven, although the hair on your head may remain.
Brush it out well. There is a loincloth in one of the dresser drawers. That is
all you are to wear. Now, leave Me. I do not wish to see either one of you again
until the event begins."

   "Yes, Mistress," the two slave girls answered. Nicole helped whore to her
feet and guided her to the staircase. When the two slaves reached the bedroom,
Nicole turned abruptly and hugged whore with all of her might. Neither girl said
a word for a few moments, then Nicole asked, "Is there anything I can do for
you, whore?"

   "I think I would just like to lie down in bed for a while, Nicole. I don't
feel too well, and I want to rest. Would you come to bed with me and hold me
till I fall asleep?"

   "Of course," Nicole replied, "Let me turn down the covers."

   Within a matter of a few minutes, whore was sleeping soundly in Nicole's
arms. Nicole just lay there, watching the gentle rise and fall of whore's
breasts as she breathed, thinking that very soon, whore would be gone, after a
painful and humiliating ordeal, her beautiful body would be broken and hanging
from a tree. No more to sense or feel or touch or caress. Nicole began to weep
quietly at the mending loss, until she too, fell asleep.

   By 1:00 the first guests began to arrive. The closing of a car door roused
Nicole, and she crept out of the big bed so as not to disturb whore. Looking out
the window, she almost fainted when she saw Sir Campbell walk up the walk from a
stretch limo, leading a young girl by a leash attached to her collar. It was the
first time she had seem Him since the initiation for The Ring, and she never
expected Him to have another slave.

   Not wishing to see anymore, she slipped back under the covers and held whore
tightly. whore began to stir, and said, sleepily, "Nicole, please give me your
mouth."

   Nicole slid down whore's body, planting light kisses and licks along the way.
When she reached the top of the slit, she gently licked and blew on it,
alternating with occasional nips with her teeth. whore began to moan, and
whispered, "Please go slower, Nicole. I want this one to last."

   Nicole heeded her request, and took a full hour before whore cried out in her
release. The drone of the alarm clock roused Nicole and whore from the joint
slumber. Neither girl said a word, as the significance of the alarm was evident
to them both. "Stay in bed, whore," Nicole spoke, "I'll go and draw your bath."
And she slipped out of bed and went to prepare the water.

   Nicole added generous amounts of lavish oils to the bath water, which gave it
a luxuriant feel and pleasing scent. When the bath was ready, she went back into
the bedroom and found whore standing by the window looking out over the grounds.
"Are you alright," Nicole queried?

   "Yes, thanks, I'm fine. I was just thinking about what lies ahead for me. I
hope that I can stand up to this and not embarrass or disappoint Mistress."

   Nicole took her arm, and leading her to the tub, said, "I know that no matter
what, you will give it everything you have to give. You will draw upon your
inner strength to see it through.

   "whore, I will not leave your side. I will stay with you through it all."

   "Thank you, Nicole,"  she whispered. "My biggest fear in all of this is being
alone on the cross."

   "I won't abandon you, whore. I'll be there with you until it is over. I won't
leave you until they take you down." The two girls embraced each other, and then
whore stepped into the bath.

   After a good hour long soak in the tub, Nicole took a fresh razor and began
the task of shaving whore from head to foot. She took a slow and deliberate pace
to insure that no hair remained, and that no shaving nicks occurred. When she
was sure whore was clean, Nicole helped her out of the tub and gently patted her
dry. She then began the perfuming ritual, in which the perfume is applied,
allowed to dry, then re-applied. Three times. During the perfuming, Nicole
applied whore's makeup. First the eyes, then the nipples and nether lips were
highlighted. After about 90 minutes, Nicole was finished, and the two women
stood looking at whore's reflection in the full length mirror. "Would you like
to try on the gown, whore," Nicole asked?

   "Yes, please," whore answered.

   Nicole left whore in front of the mirror and went to the closet to retrieve
the gown. It was a beautiful work of art. Dark cherry red in color and made of
velvet and satin. It had a high collar and long sleeves that were decorated with
lace trim. It was floor length, and when whore put it on, the effect was
breathtaking. The gown was a perfect fit and complimented her every curve. They
both stood admiring it in the mirror without speaking. It was Nicole who broke
the silence. "whore, I need to ask you something, because I don't know who else
I can ask. I know it's really insignificant compared to what is about to happen,
but I have no one else to turn to."

   "What is it, Nicole?"

   "Well, a little while ago, while you were asleep, I was startled by a noise
and went to the window to see what it was. When I looked outside, I saw Sir
Campbell walking up the path. He had a slave girl on a leash with Him. I haven't
seen Him since He was initiated into The Ring. I didn't know He had other
slaves."

   "You don't have to say anything more, Nicole. Believe me when I tell you that
I know exactly how you're feeling. But, you must learn to accept the fact that
your place is to serve and please, no matter how it is required. You have no
claims to Sir Campbell, while He has total ownership of you.. If He wishes to
have other slaves, that is His right. If He wishes to use you or abuse you, that
is His right. If He wishes to abandon you or give you away as a gift, that is
His right. You must learn to be proud that you are giving Him pleasure in
whatever he does with you. It isn't easy, especially since He was you first
owner, but in time you will come to see what I am saying is true.

   "Now, give me a hug. It's time for us to go downstairs."

   The slaves embraced each other, and then, without a word, went straight to
the dining room, which had been set up in a very formal motif. Beautiful  leaded
crystal, fine china, sterling silverware, and elegant linens adorned the table.
Candles on the table and serving boards cast the only light.

   "Ah, there she is now, " they heard Mistress Ilsa announce. Nicole, please
escort Lady Whore to the head of the table, here at My right."

   Nicole walked whore over, and held her chair for her as she sat down. Ilsa
could sense that Nicole was uncomfortable as to what she should do next, so She
whispered, "Nicole, go into the kitchen and you may help serve the meal with the
other slaves. I  will tell you what I need from you later."

   "Yes, Mistress. Thank You."

   The meal lasted well over two hours, as one course was followed by another,
with light conversation throughout. While she was serving, Nicole was shocked by
the fact that Sir Campbell neither spoke with her or even seemed aware of her
presence. He seemed completely consumed by the blonde slave with the collar and
leash. He acted as if they had never met. Nicole tried to focus on what whore
had told her.

   Finally, when coffee was served, Ilsa stood up. "You all know why I have
invited you here this weekend. You are all to be witnesses to the greatest gift
I have ever received. All of the preparations have been made. Some of you will
be participating more than others, but each and every one of you will have a
direct part in the event. I have carefully researched the event to insure that
it will be a faithful reproduction of a Roman crucifixion. "Lady Whore, please
come around in front of the table, and kneel before Me."

   "Yes, Mistress," whore replied, as she stood and walked around the table.
When she was about five feet in front of the head of the table, she knelt down,
with her head bowed, her armns folded behind her back, hands grasping elbows,
eyes closed, mouth open, and knees spread.

   "Lady Whore, you have chosen to present me with a very special gift. Please
explain to My guests what it is that you wish to give Me."

   "Gladly, Mistress." whore paused a moment to gather her thoughts, and then
she began: "I, slave whore, belong to Mistress Ilsa. I exist for Her pleasure
only. I am naked before My Mistress and all of my hair is shorn to make me all
the more naked for Her. There is nothing I won't do for Her. I wish to present
Mistress Ilsa with the gift of my Roman crucifixion. I present my body to her,
to be raped, beaten, scouraged  and finally crucified and broken on a cross. I
beseech you all to please be as cruel with me as you can, because this will be
my final act of submission to my Mistress, and I want it to be the epitome ofa
slave's existence.

   "Mistress, if it pleases you, do with me as You will, and then deliver me to
die on the cross for You."

   "Whore, rise and face My guests," Ilsa commanded. whore did as she was
ordered. Just then, two of the male guests approached whore and ripped her gown
off her back, tearing it to shreds. When she was naked, the men went back to
their seats, and Ilsa got up to come around the table and face whore. "whore, I
condemn you to die, nailed to a cross, naked and beaten, raped and scouraged.
you are a slut, a cunt slave. A whore." And with Her last words, Ilsa spit in
whore's face, and stepping back, kicked her in the groin as hard as She could.
The force of the kick drove whore to the floor.

   "My friends," Ilsa proclaimed over the fallen slave, "Please use her and
enjoy her through the night. I have no further use of her until the morning."
And turning to Nicole, added, "Slave Nicole, come with Me. I have need of your
mouth." And with that, Ilsa kicked whore viciously in the stomach, and with
Nicole in tail, left the dining room.

   When they reached the bedroom, Ilsa ordered, "Draw My bath, slave. I wish to
soak in the tub."

   "Yes, Mistress," came the reply, as Nicole went to make the preparations.

   When the bath was drawn, Nicole helped undress her Mistress. Before She got
into the tub, Ilsa emptied Her bladder in the toilet, and rather than use the
bidet, She said, "Clean Me, slave."

    Nicole immediately fell to her knees in front of Mistress, and quickly said,
"Gladly, Mistress, " as she began to lick the salty urine from Ilsa's pussy.

   After cleaning Her, Nicole helped Ilsa into the warm tub. "Come and get Me in
an hour, nicole. I wish to relax. You may go back downstairs and see how the
event is progressing. You may tell Me all about it when you returm."

   "Yes, Mistress," Nicole answered, and she closed the bathroom door and
quietly headed for the stairs.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By: Charles E. Campbell
Chapter 12

   When Nicole reached the dining room, she was surprised to find it empty. She
gasped out loud when she looked down at the floor where whore had fallen after
Mistress Ilsa had kicked her. Many large drops of  fresh blood were splattered
on the floor. Nicole went searching for whore and the guests throughout the
house, until she heard sounds coming from the patio. There, she found whore
hanging by her wrists and ankles, and being fucked in the ass by one of the
guests, while she was sucking the cock of someone's Doberman Pincher. One of the
female guests was laughing loudly at the spectacle. Suddenly, the man stopped
ravaging whore's ass, and pushing the dog away, said, "Clean your shit from My
cock, whore. Somebody see if you can get the dog to fuck her!"

   Nicole's heart skipped a beat when she realized that it was her Master, Sir
Campbell, who was forcing whore to gag as He drove His cock into the back of her
throat. His slave was the woman who had been laughing, and now she was
attempting to get the dog to mount whore. Nicole turned, and was about to leave,
when Sir Campbell called out to her, "Nicole, come over here and hold this bitch
still. She's swinging too wildly in the harness, and I want to drive deeper into
her mouth."

   "Yes, Sir Campbell," Nicole heard herself answer. She came forward and held
whore still. When she looked down at whore's face, she was shocked to see that
bruises covered her cheeks, as she had obviously been slapped and punched many
times. Tears streamed from whore's eyes as she gagged and fought against the
reflex to retch, as Sir Campbell's cock pounded into the back of her throat.
Suddenly, with a loud moan, He pulled out and shot his load on whore's beaten
face.

   "Clean her off, Nicole. I want those bruises to be more visible   "Yes, Sir
Campbell," Nicole replied, as she knelt down and began to lick the cum from
whore's battered face. The two slave's eyes met for a moment, and they both were
comforted by it.

   "Well, I've had enough for a while. Who's next, " Sir Campbell called out. It
was at that moment that Nicole noticed that quite a few of the guests were on
the patio watching the show. A stunningly tall dominatrix in black satin came up
and gave whore a hard kick in the side with her stiletto-toed boot. She quickly
followed that with a back handed slap to whore's face that split her lip, as the
silver rings of Her hand ripped into the slave's mouth. Nicole felt tears well
up in her eyes, and so she quietly padded off the patio and retreated to
Mistress Ilsa's bedroom.

   "Is that you, Nicole," Ilsa called out as the bedroom door closed?

   "Yes, Mistress," came the reply, may I be of service to You?"

   "Come in here and dry Me off. Did you see whore as I asked?"

   "Yes, Mistress."

   "Then tell Me what you saw. Nicole recounted the events she had witnessed,
but was unable to stem her tears. "You still don't understand that this is what
whore wants, Nicole. She needs to do this as much for herself as she does for
Me. Now, come to bed with Me. Tomorrow will be a busy day." The two women were
sound asleep after only twenty minutes of Nicole pleasuring her Mistress.

   It was Ilsa who woke Nicole the next morning, and said, "Let's join the
guests for breakfast, and then we'll see what whore is up to."

   The guests were already seated at the table in the dining room when Ilsa and
Nicole entered. "Sit next to Me, Nicole," Ilsa ordered.

   "Thank You, Mistress," Nicole answered, as they took two seats at the head of
the table. Fruit, muffins, juices, tea and coffee was the fare, and the guests
were all discussing the times they had with whore all night. Nicole could tell
that her friend had not had an easy night, nor had she gotten any rest, until
maybe an hour or so ago.

   "Where is whore now," Mistress asked in general?

   A master Nicole didn't know answered, "I left her chained to the fence near
the pool, Ilsa. I think I was the last one with her. I must commend You, by the
way, for Your training of her. She really made You proud last night."

   "Why thank You, Master Wilhelm. I am pleased that You are having a good time.

   "Everyone....., it is about 8:30 now. I would like us all to meet on the
patio at 11:00, so we may begin the final rituals before the actual crucifixion.
I want her to be nailed to the cross at noon, and I think the flogging and
processional to the place of her execution should take about an hour. Nicole,
come with Me. I will see  you all at 11:00," Ilsa announced, and taking Nicole
by the collar, led her to the patio.

   When they reached the patio, Nicole was not prepared for what she saw. whore
was curled up in a fetal position. Angry black and blue bruises covered her body
from her legs to her face. One eye was swollen completely shut, and the other
was only slightly better. Dried blood from her nose and mouth caked on her face,
as well as her pussy, where her rings had been ripped out. Nicole wasn't sure if
she was  sleeping, until Ilsa knelt next to her and gave one of her nipples a
violent pinch. The pain coursed through her as she jerked her body in response.
"I see you are awake, whore. Nicole, go and get her something to eat and drink.
I will stay here with her.

   When Nicole returned, she found whore keeling at Mistress' feet as she lapped
at the proffered pussy. Nicole could see blood and cum seeping from the slave's
cunt and ass. "put the food and water on the ground next to whore, Nicole, then
come help Me get dressed for the event." Before turning to leave, Ilsa spat in
whore's face.

   whore managed the obligatory, "Thank You, Mistress," as she licked the spit
from her face.

   Mistress and Nicole spent the next few hours getting ready. Nicole bathed and
perfumed her Mistress and helped Her dress in a beautiful white cotton dress and
sandals. When Ilsa was ready, She told Nicole to bathe and freshen up. At
exactly 11:00, they left the bedroom for the patio.

   When the reached the patio, they found a couple of the guests amusing
themselves with whore, who was on all fours, being taken in the ass by one man,
while she licked the ass of the dog. Ilsa said nothing, but waited until they
were through. "whore," She commanded, "Kneel before Me!"

   With a groan, whore pushed her beaten body and crawled over in front of 
where her Mistress sat. Straining, she got up on her knees.

   "whore, you are an unworthy slut slave. You are nothing more than a stinking
gutter for sperm. Filth is all you are. Therefore, I hereby sentence you to be
purified by scourging, and then, nailed to a cross to die. Do you have anything
to say?"

   whore trembled a bit as she collected her thoughts, and then said, "I am
Your's Mistress. Please whip me and crucify me if it please You."

   "So be it!, "Ilsa answered. "Master Wilhelm and Sir Campbell, would you
please bind this cunt for her scourging?"

   "Certainly, Mistress Ilsa," came their answer. The two Masters yanked Nicole
to her feet, and with pieces of coarse rope, they bound her wrists to a pair of
poles, streching them apart.

   "Nicole, get the scourge and bring it to Me."

   "Yes, Mistress," Nicole answered, and she went over to a sideboard and
returned with the wicked tool.

   The scourge was a short handled whip with about ten leather strips like a
flogger. But, there were pieces of bone tied to the ends of the strips that were
there to draw blood with each bite of the lash. In ancient Rome, all
crucifixions were proceeded by a scourging, as it removed any and all resistance
from the victim.

   When whore was bound securely, Ilsa stood and said, "Seven of you have
indicated a willingness to carry out this part of the ritual. You are to deliver
five lashes each to the slave's back, giving her a total of thirty-five lashes.
Mistress Vanessa, You have the honor of being first."

   "Thank You, Ilsa," Vanessa said, as She rose from Her seat and took the evil
lash from Ilsa.

   Walking slowly around the helpless slave, She toyed with the whip, making
sure whore was able to see the pieces of bone that would soon be ripping her
apart. When She was satisfied that whore fully understood what was going to
happen, Vanessa positioned Herself behind Her victim and said, "It won't be
necessary for you to count the blows, slave. I am quite sure that your screams
will attest to the number you receive.," And at that, she raised the scourge and
brought it down hard across whore's back, ripping through the skin and bringing
a horrifying scream from whore. Without waiting, She brought four more slashes
across her back in rapid succession, each one slightly lower than the last, so
that there were many parallel tears bleeding from the shoulders to the hips.

   whore  was screaming at the top of her  lungs and pulling at her bindings
with all of her strength. Blood was flowing from most of the cuts, as Ilsa
anno8nced, "Master Wilhem, I believe You are next."

  And so it continued, until all seven Masters and Mistresses had their turns
with the scourge. By the last two sets of five lashes, whore had passed out, and
had to be revived. Her back was an open mass of bloody flesh, he shoulders were
ripped open and the backs of her thighs were torn apart. whore hung, suspended
in her bondage by her arms, too weak to cry, let alone scream, shaking, and
almost numbed to the pain.

   Not a sound was heard, as the guests stared in awe at the spectacle they had
witnessed. Blood was everywhere, dripping off the near lifeless body, or sprayed
by the swinging of the whip. After what seemed an eternity, Mistress Ilsa stood,
and commanded, "Cut this worthless slave down, it is time."

   Sir Campbell and another Master Nicole didn't recognize, stepped forward, and
with two quick flicks of their pocket knives, whore crumbled unceremoniously to
the ground, unconscious. "Revive her, please," Ilsa ordered, and all of the
Masters encircled her and began urinating on her, until the burning awoke a new
set of nerves to send a shot of pain up to her brain. "Take her outside," Ilsa
again ordered, and Sir Campbell and Master Wilhelm grabbed whore under her arms
and dragged her out into the hot summer sun.

   The guests all gathered on the shaded porch and watched as the two men lifted
the massive patebellum and placed it across whore's bleeding shoulders. she
almost collapsed from the weight, but somehow found the hidden strength to lock
her knees and find her balance. Heavy chains were used to tie the crossbeam to
her outstretched arms. A viscious slash from a switch of cane got the condemned
slave walking the path to her final destiny, as the guests hurled rotting fruits
and insults as she passed.

   By the time they had reached the edge of the field, whore passed out again.
It was apparent that she hadn't an ounce of strength left in her, so Ilsa
ordered Nicole to bear the cross for her. Nicole buckled under the weight of the
patebellum as it was chained to her arms. She couldn't imagine how whore could
have lasted this far after all she had endured. A nasty bite from the cane
brought Nicole back to the present and sent her up the hill through the tall
grass to the site they had chosen. Sir Campbell and Master Wilhelm once again
took to dragging the slave by the arms.

   When the reached the site, whore was dumped on the ground, and then guests
headed for the shaded tent and the cool drinks that awaited them. Nicole stood
in the unforgiving sun, sweating heavily from her labored walk with the cross,
awaiting her orders. After a second round of drinks was served, the guests took
their seats to watch the last act begin.

   Mistress Ilsa stood and addressed Her guests. "Before We begin the final
stage, I want to thank all of You for joining  Me here for this event. I
especially wish to thank those of You who participated and helped to make this
such a memorable event. I hope it has been as exhillerating for You as it has
been for Me. I have spent a lot of time decided who will be given the task of
being the executioner, especially in light of the fact there they are certain
elements of our society who might take a dim view of what We are about to do.
All of You know Me well enough to know that everything I do has sound reasoning
to it. Therefore, I have selected an executioner who will have to rise to the
task because it would be the last thing they thought they could ever do. It
would be something they couldn't dream of doing, and would only do it because
they had to. Therefore, I have chosen Slave Nicole to nail whore to the cross
and thereby cause her death!"

   "Oh Mistress," Nicole pleaded when she heard the verdict, "Please don't make
me do this to whore!"

   Sir Campbell, who was standing nearby, slapped Nicole across the face twice
and said, "You know better than to question your Mistress, cunt!. You've been
trained better than that!"

   Then, turning toward the tent, He added, "To all assembled today, I hereby
renounce ownership of this slave. If any one of You wishes to have her, I will
gladly sign her over to You!"

   Nicole was in such a state of shock from the quick turn of events that she
didn't see whore painfully push herself to her knees, but all the guests saw. 
"Mistress Ilsa," whore softly spoke, "You know I have never asked anything of
You, except to be allowed to serve You as You saw fit. I now must ask something
of You as I go to my death for You. Please, I beg You, take slave Nicole as Your
property. I know that with Your guidance she can become  a slave You will be
proud to call Your own. She will prove it to You when she picks up the hammer
and nails me to the tree to die. Please Mistress, is this too much to ask?"

   A hush fell as Ilsa weighed the turn of events. "So be it, whore. If Nicole
follows My directions to the letter, I will take ownership of her from Sir
Campbell, I will give her the name 'slut' from this day on."

   "Thank You, Mistress," whore said.

   "Fine," Sir Campbell exclaimed. "She is Yours, Ilsa. I will sign her papers
over to You when We get back to Your house."

   "Alright then," Ilsa proclaimed,  "it is settled, let the crucifixion  begin.
Sir Campbell and Master Woilhelm removed the chains that held the crossbar to
Nicole's shoulders and laid it on the ground. They grabbed whore and pushed her
down on the cross, streching her arms taut across the beam. Another Master
approached with a basket containing the hammer and spikes and offered it to
Nicole. Taking the hammer and one of the rusr=ty spikes in her hand, Nicole
knelt down by whore's right srm. Bending over whore, she kissed her gehtly on
the lips and sais, "Please whore, forgive me."

   whore managed a weak smile and whispred, "I understand, slu, please do this
quickly, I don't know how much more I can take. And please, stay with me til the
end."

   Ncioe kissed her again as the tears cascaded from her eyes, and she said,  I
will wait at you feet til it's over, I promise." And the, kissing her one last
time, she picked up the hammer and spike.

   Nicole pressed the tip of the spike into the hollow indentation of whore's
right wrist, and, raising the hammer, drove the spike through the wrist and into
thebeam. A terrifying scream covered the field. It took Nicole four more blows
to secure the spike to the beam. She repeated the task with the left wrist, but
whore was unconscious and didn't respond to the pain. Sir Campbell and Master
Wilhem picked up the patebellum with whore's limp body, and placed it so they
could bolt it to the upright ties. When the cross was assembled, Ilsa ordered,
"Bring her to. I want her to feel the nail going through her feet."

   And so, Sir Campbell held an ammonia soaked handerchief under whore's nose
until, coughing, she returned to her world of pain. The the two Masters held
whore's feet, one on top of the other, as Nicole positioned the spike so it
would go through the top of each foot, nailing them together and pinning whore
to her cross. As she drove the spike through whore's feet, shattering the
delicate bones, whore again shrieked out in pain, and blacked out. Master Wilhem
had to take the hammer from Nicole and finish driving the spike into the beam,
as Nicole didn't posses the strength needed to imbed it securely. The two men
then lifted the cross, and dropped it harshly into the hole that Nicole had dug
earlier in the week.

   Nicole sank to her knees at the foot of the cross as she looked up at the
beaten and broken body hanging grotesquely from the cruel tree of death.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 13

FINISHED

   slut was overwhelmed by the distress she felt in the absurd dichotomy playing
out before her. On the left of her, she could see the bloodied, beaten, and
broken body of whore hanging from the rusty spikes in her wrists and feet. But,
if she turned the other direction, she saw the guests, under the inviting shade
of the tent, enjoying cool drinks and food. Some watching the girl dying on the
cross, and some engaged in pleasant conversation. When she turned to face the
cross, she could hear whore moan as she struggled to pull herself up on the
spikes and steal some labored breaths of air, before sinking back down in
exhaustion, supported solely by the spikes, when the strain in her aching
muscles overcame her. Facing the tent, slut could hear the sounds of people
laughing, silverware against china, and the pop of a cork when a bottle of wine
was decanted.

   Occasionally, a few of the guests would leave the pleasant shade of the tent,
and come out to the cross for a closer inspection of the goings on. slut always
remained silent, and averted her eyes, even when the comments were especially
cruel or harsh. One guest laughed as he suggested that they take some still
photos of whore, and mail them to her ex-husband.

   By 5:30, whore was past the point of being able to raise herself up for the
life sustaining breaths of air. The blood had stopped flowing from her wounds,
and her skin was severely sunburned. It was at this time that Mistress Ilsa came
out to the cross. "How is she, slut," Mistress asked?

   "she is still alive, Mistress, but barely, it seems. she hasn't spoken, or
even moaned in quite some time."

   "whore, can you her Me," Mistress asked? "Open your eyes for Me,  I have
something I want you to see."

   A good five seconds passed before slut observed a slight flutter in whore's
eyelids, and then the heavily swollen eyelids slowly parted.

   "I am leaving now, whore. I am sure that you will not survive the night. But,
before I go, I have something for you." And saying that, Ilsa pulled a stiletto
out of Her shoulder bag, and flipping it out, She grabbed a fistful of slut's
hair, cut it off, and threw it to the ground at the foot of the cross.

   "slut, you now belong to Me. I own you. you are aware that all of My slaves
must be free from all body hair, as a constant sign of My ownership of them. you
are to remain here at the cross until whore dies. And then, you may come back to
the house. Make sure that the next time I see you, there is no hair anywhere on
your body. Do I make myself clear enough for you, slut?"

    "Yes, of course Mistress. As You wish."

   "Good bye, whore, and thank you for your gift to Me. I shall never forget it.
I hope that your death is slow and painful."  And with that, She turned and
joined the remaining guests, and walked back through the field towards Her
house, leaving slut alone with whore.

   slut looked up at whore, but she could see that the slave had once again
passed out. So, she sat down with her back against the cross, and waited.

   she had no idea how much time had passed after the sun had finally set. The
field was lit only by the stars in the cloudless sky and a crescent moon which
bathed the cross in an eerie light. The night air was cool, and the slight
breeze made slut shiver as it chilled her sunburned skin. she  called up to
whore a few times, but never got a response. Finally, she gathered the courage
and reached up to touch whore. The skin was could and clammy, and she knew that
whore was no more.

   "Good bye, whore," she whispered, as she turned and left.

   After bathing and gently washing the sweat and dirt from her body, slut went
about the meticulous chore of shaving her head for the first time. she had done
it for whore on many occasions, but this was the first time on her own head. she
made  a point of going slowly in order to avoid nicking the skin. When she had
finished with her preparations, she  glanced in the mirror and gazed at her
reflection. The transformation was startling. her skin was smooth and shining
from head to tow. The rings in her pierced nose, nipples, labia and clitoris
were all the more prominent now, as were the scars on her breasts.
      It didn't take slut long to fall into the routine that once had been the
purview of whore. she slept on the floor at the foot of Mistress' bed, drew Her
bath water, combed Her beautiful tresses, and waited on Her every need. In
short, it was slut's task to see that her Mistress wanted for nothing.

   It was Friday, the week after whore's crucifixion. slut was in the kitchen
polishing Ilsa's  thigh high black leather boots. The front doorbell rang, and
she rose to answer it. Upon opening the door, she saw that it was Elaine and Tom
O'Shea. Elaine had been slut's neighbor when she was growing up. In fact, Elaine
had been her baby sitter.

   "Is Mistress Ilsa at home," Tom inquired?

   slut knew that she had not been recognized  by the couple. her shaved head
probably had a lot to do with it. she wasn't sure if she should acknowledge that
she knew them, so she just replied, "Yes, She is here. Please come in and have a
seat in the living room, and I will go and tell Her you have arrived."

   Ilsa was sunbathing in the back of the house, nude, when slut approached.
"Mistress, Tome and Elaine O'Shea are her to see You. They didn't seem to
recognize me, and I wasn't sure what to do in that situation."

   Did yo say anything to them by way of saying who you are?"

   "No, Mistress. I just invited them into Your living room while I went to find
You."

   "Very good, slave. That's exactly what you are to do. you are never to let it
be known that you recognize anyone, as it could prove to be an embarrassment for
them. If they indicate that they know you, that's perfectly fine, but you are
never to approach anyone. You are My slave, and that is all. Now, give Me My
robe and we'll go and meet our guests. They are here for a very special reason."

   Both Elaine and Tom couldn't get over the complete transformation they saw in
slut. After a good laugh  over their inability to recognize Elaine's old
neighbor, Elaine said, "she is far more fetching shave, Ilsa. A true slave in
all respects."

   "she belongs to Me now, Elaine. Campbell signed her ownership papers over to
Me last week at the event. she has much to learn, but she does seem capable of
being trained. Underneath that haughty facade lies a true submissive, why, I
even made her nail whore to the cross."

   "I really wish I could have been here to see that, Ilsa," Elaine remarked.
"I'm sorry we were unable to attend the event. I heard it was spectacular
though. But, at least we can be a part of the final details."

   "Well, I'm pleased you two could be here for the end as well, Elaine. We did
record the weekend on tape. We'll take the time to look it over later this
weekend, I'm sure. But, we should get started now, and then we'll have the whole
evening before us to play with slut.

   "slut, go out to the shed and get the wagon. Bring a shovel, pliers, and a
sledge hammer as well. Meet us behind the house."

   "Yes, Mistress."

   slut got all of the things her Mistress desired, and placing them in the
wagon, she pulled it to the back of the house. Mistress and her two friends got
into the wagon, and with a flick of a riding crop, she began the arduous task of
pulling the wagon out to the field.

   "Have you given anymore thought to ponygirl trained for nicole, I mean slut,
Ilsa," Elaine asked? she has the perfect body for it. Just look at how her long
flanks glisten with her sweat. I'll train her for You, if You wish. I'll have
her prancing around for You before we leave Sunday"

   "You might be right, Elaine. I would like to enter a slave in the races next
month. See what you can do with her this weekend, and then we'll see."

   When they reached the field, slut was totally unprepared for what she saw.
whore's body or, more accurately, what was left of whore's body, still hung from
the cross. Birds had pecked out her eyes. Maggots wriggled in all of the
lacerations and cuts, and animals had been feasting on the rotting flesh, that
had once been whore.

   "Tom, would you be so kind as to help slut pull the cross out of the ground?
I'm sure she lacks the strength for it."

   "Sure, Ilsa. No problem."

   It took everything slut had to keep from retching from the ghastly
combination of the sight and smell of whore'' corpse. Once they had gotten the
cross out of the hole, they laid it on the ground. Ilsa instructed slut to get
the spikes out of whore's wrists and feet. Getting them off was easy, as the
decayed flesh all but fell off the spikes. "I want to save those spikes,"
Mistress announced. "Tom, can you get them out of the wood?"

   "I'll get them for you, Ilsa," Tom said.

   He had to knock them back and forth with the sledge hammer a few times to
loosen them enough so her could pull them out with the pliers. "slut, I want you
to dig her grave, starting with the hole where her cross stood. I want her
buried where she was crucified for Me."

   It took slut almost an hour and a half to dig the grave. Tom pitched in at
the end, as slut couldn't throw the dirt high enough to clear the side of the
grave. When the grave had been dug, Ilsa ordered, "dump her in the ground and
then cover her up, slut. We'll walk back to the house. When you're through,
bring everything back to the shed and then get cleaned up. I want you
presentable. Tom and Elaine wish to play with you tonight."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By: Charles E. Campbell

Chapter 14

SLUT - THE PONYGIRL

   slut awoke slowly from her dreamless sleep. Stirring gently, she glanced over
at the clock on the night table and was startled to see that it was 10:30, a
full three hours later than her required rising time of 7:30. Mistress Ilsa was
still in bed next to her, engaged in a lengthy novel. "So," Ilsa remarked,
"you've finally decided to start the day. I turned the alarm off, as I thought
the extra rest might do you some good. I'm sure Tom and Elaine kept you busy
last night. Come around the bed and let Me see."

   "Yes, of course, Mistress," slut replied, climbing out of the bed. she
approached her Mistress, and turned to show her badly beaten backside, which had
turned dark crimson and purple overnight. Multiple welts from a cane, blood
blisters, and black and blue contusions covered the entire area.

   "I see the O'Shea's haven't lost their attraction to a well rounded ass like
yours. Did they use you as well, slut?"

   "Yes, Mistress, they.."

   "Wait a minute and let Me fill in the gaps. Correct Me if I am wrong, slut.
Tom took you in the ass, while you were on all fours licking Elaine's asshole?"

   "Why yes, Mistress,....how did You know?"

   "They are nothing if not predictable. Ironic too. Tom's biggest turn-on is
anal sex. Nothing gets him off like it. Elaine, however, likes to see him
engaged in it, but she steadfastly refuses to allow him access to her that way.
She, on the other hand, loves the sensation of a hot tongue probing into her
tight little bud. But Tom can't bring himself to accommodate her. So whenever an
opportunity like you comes along, they always do the same thing. Now, come
worship My divine pussy, and then we'll join our guests for brunch."

   Slut knelt at the side of the bed and pulled back the covers, exposing her
Mistress' exquisite body. She always gazed in amazement at the condition
Mistress had kept Herself in. She was, after all, somewhere in Her late fifties,
but easily passed for someone in Her early forties. Her breasts, though small,
were firm and didn't droop or sag. Her tanned taut legs were smooth and golden
in hue, with no traces of varicose veins. Her neatly trimmed pubic mound,
another one of slut's new chores, was dark brown with no gray. slut gently
parted the pouting lips and began the loving task of pleasuring her Mistress.

   It wasn't very long before Ilsa was clutching slut's head tightly with Her
thighs and pulling her head harder into Her slit. A violent shudder coursed
through Her as the waves of orgasm took control of Her body. When the last
tremors at last had subsided, Ilsa announced, "Come, let's find our guests and
have something to eat."

   They found the O'Sheas  in the den, watching the video of the event. They had
reached the scourging. slut turned her head to avoid re-living the heinous
whipping. "Good morning," Ilsa called out.

   "Good morning, Ilsa," Elaine said. "We're just watching the event. This was
really so well done. whore truly did far better than I could have imagined. She
really did well for You."

   "Yes, she was beyond all expectations," Ilsa said, as she lead Tom and Elaine
into the dining room. "I'm still so taken by her thoughtful act of giving her
death to Me."

   As the meal was served, Elaine said, " So Ilsa, have You given any more
thought to my idea of a little pony training for slut? she has the perfect body
for it, and she studied ballet when she was young, so the shoes will come more
naturally for her. You always enjoy attending the races each year, I think it
would be even more fun if You had a ponygirl of Your own entered."

   "I think I would like to see how she does, Elaine. I wasn't too sure before,
but I agree with you that she does have those long muscled legs and the rounded
buttocks the judges look for. I do think, however, that maybe the two of you
might need to go a bit easier with the cane and paddle on her ass. It looks like
a rainbow, and that would cost us points.!"

   Laughing, Elaine said, "We did have a lot of fun last night, Ilsa, thank You.
Of course  we would want her backside unmarked for the races, but they're a full
three months away until the one in California, so the occasional caning or
paddling will not be a problem.  

   "slut! Crawl out to the den and bring me back the black gym bag with your
mouth."

   "Yes, ma'am," slut answered, as she crawled across the hardwood floor to get
the bag. The slave found herself wondering what is might contain, as she felt
the weight of it in her mouth when she lifted it from the floor. She crawled
back to the dining room and, setting the bag on the floor at Elaine's feet, she
awaited her next orders. The wait wasn't long, as Elaine grabbed the handles of
the bag and unzipped it. She pulled a plastic box out and lifted the lid.

   "Open your mouth, slut," Elaine ordered. She took a bright chrome plated bit
out of the box and pushed it to the back of the slave's mouth, forcing her
tongue down. She buckled it snuggly in the back of slut's head. "Now, stand up
and turn arounbd. Hands behind your back!"

   The slave did as she was bade, so she didn't see the long black suede double
glove that Elaine had unfolded from the gym bag. Elaine slipped the glove up
both of slut's arms, way above the elbows, and fastened the harness under her
armpits and around her shoulders. She then pulled on the laces, binding the
wrists, arms and elbows together, which forced slut's breasts to jut out
prominently.

   "I think these shows will do for today, Ilsa. If not, I can order a different
size for her.

   "Sit, slut!"

   slut sat and watched as Elaine bent down and slipped on a pair of 6" spiked
boots that were mid-calf in height. "I'd really like to try to get her into the
7" inch boots, Ilsa, but these will do for training.

   "Tom, watch that she doesn't fall over. Slut, stand up and bend over." Tom
steadied slut's shoulders while she bent at the waist and Elaine shoved a small
ungreased butt plug up her ass with 24 inches of horse hair attached to it like
a tail.

   "Now, stand up straight, shoulders back. Stick those tits out!"  slut stood
and felt the horse hair was it brushed the inside of her thighs. she found it
precarious trying to stand as the 6 inch heels pushed her forward, and the glove
pulled her back. But she managed to get her shoulders back and her breasts
pointing out.

   "This wouldn't be her show costume, of course. Lots more finery will adorn
her; plumes, bells, bright chains, and more. I still think the effect on her is
pretty dramatic, even if it's just for training, don't You, Ilsa?"

   "I must say I am very Impressed and agree with you completely, Elaine. I
think you're on to something! Why don't you take her outside and see how she
takes to the exercises?"

   "I'll do that, Ilsa, but first let's see how natural her step is.

   "slut," Elaine said as she held the slave with both hands on the bit,
"whenever you are dressed like this, you will always walk with a special gait.
you must lift your leg so that the thigh is parallel to the ground. The toe of
your shoe is to point down to the ground. When you place your foot back on the
ground, it must be placed directly in front of the other foot. Not too far in
front, and never along side. The opposite leg then must be lifted with a
definite snap and repeat the process. Have I made myself clear to you?"

   "Yes ma'am, I'll try," slut mumbled through the bit, drool leaking over her
lips.

   "Good then, show us your step. Lift that foot up. That's it. Leg parallel,
toe pointed. Hold it. Hold it. Fine, now place it down in front of the other
foot. Good, Snap the leg up. Up. Higher. Higher. Point your toe! Hold it. Good.
Now put it down. That's fine.

   "Ilsa, I'm going to take her out in the drive and see how she does. Her step
looks good to me. Natural, graceful, and precise. I don't think she should pull
a cart or chariot. I want her step and stride to be a racer. I'll put her
through some paces and then we'll see what You think."

   A light flick of the rising crop on slut's flanks made her lift her leg and
begin the deliberate stride, taking her outside with Elaine.




NICOLE: JOUNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 15

PONY TRAINING

   Elaine put slut through the preliminary paces of pony training for a solid
three hours. Each and every command was accented and punctuated by a crisply
placed snap of Elaine's buggy whip. "Stick you tits out!" A flick on the upper
arm. "Shoulders back!" A swish on the shoulder blades. "Head Up! Keep you head
Up!" A quick little wrap around to the front of the breasts. "Lift your leg up!
Thigh parallel to the ground. Point your toes!" A sharp bite to the outside of
the thigh. And so it went, as Elaine meticulously shaped the young sub into an
equestrian slave girl.

   When she had had enough, Elaine said, "nicole, I want you to go to your room
and take a nice long shower. Take your time. I'll come up to your room in an
hour or so and help prepare you for Mistress Ilsa to see. You've made a lot of
progress in a very short time, and I want her to see it. I'm hoping she will let
me continue to train you for pony girl shows and competitions. Now go and get
cleaned up."

   "Yes, Ma'am," slut answered.

   slut took her time showering and shaving. She even had time to repaint her
finger nails and toes. As she was finishing the second coat of polish on her
toes, the bedroom door opened in Elaine walked it. "All cleaned up I see. Very
good. Now, before we get you ready, I want you to eat out my asshole."

   "Yes, Ma'am," slut replied. Elaine laid back on the bed and waited while slut
undid her jodhpurs. she slid the boots off Elaine's feet, and removed the riding
pants, exposing the tight little bud. Quickly she laid down between the creamy
thighs and began to lick the puckered hole, gradually pushing her tongue further
and further into it's pungent recesses. Elaine was slowly writing on the bed as
the waves of pleasure took hold of her.

 "Eat my ass, cunt! Lick me clean!" slut continued with her probing tongue until
Elaine let out a partially stifled scream in release.

   When she had stopped shuddering and had regained her composure, Elaine said,
" In my bag is a bottle of oil, put it on, all over your body, head to toes." 
She watched as slut rubbed the glistening oil all over herself. When she had
completed the task, Elaine said, "Put the horse tail back into your ass and then
I'll help get you into your tack."

   Slut picked up the but plug with the horse hair and carefully inserted the
dry tip into her ass. Then Elaine came forward with the bridle and bit, reins
and single glove and began to get the slave ready. It took a good ten minutes to
get slut made up properly. When they were through, Elaine picked up the reins
and lead the pony over to the mirro so she could see the transformation for
herself. "nicole, the most important thing you need to remember when I show you
off to Ilsa is that you must stand tall and proud. Poise and pride are the
singular most important attitudes you must exude. How you stand, how you hold
your head, the tilt of your head, a slight defiant glint in the eye all go a
long way to the presence you are trying to have. I am making myself clear to
you?"

   "Yes, Ma'am. I'll try hard."

   "I'm sure you will, nicole. Now, let's go show your Mistress what a well
behaved pony girl you can be."

   Elaine lead the pony girl down the back stairs, into the kitchen and out the
back door. "Mistress Ilsa is waiting for us on the front porch. We're going to
walk around the house so she can see you prance as you near her. Remember to
lift your legs and point your toes. Now, giddyap!" And a quick flick of the
buggy whip on slut's buttocks brought the deliberate high knee lift, pointed toe
step Elaine desired.

   As they rounded the corner of the house, slut could see her Mistress  and Tom
sitting on the porch swing watching their approach. When they stood before her,
Elaine gave a quick tug on the reins, pulling the bit deeper into sluts' mouth,
and she said, "Whoa!"

   "Her she is, Ilsa, as promised. I'm going to run her through a short routine
for You. Please keep in mind that this represents only one training session. I
think, however, that it will demonstrate her innate talents.

   "slut, show your Mistress your step!" slut lifted her right leg in a clean
smooth motion, bringing her leg up parallel with the ground and her toes
pointing straight down. she held that position until Elaine commanded  her to
lift the other leg. This drill went on for a few minutes. Then Elaine had her
show the two gaits she had learned, pacing and trotting.  Then she even had the
pony girl demonstrate rudimentary jumping. When the exhibition was completed,
about fifteen minutes had elapsed.

 " Elaine, tether her to the porch and then come up here so we can talk>"

  Elaine tied slut to the railing and sat in a wicker chair next to Ilsa  "So,
tell me what you think, Ilsa."

 "I think you're right, Elaine. she has shown a lot of potential today.  What do
you propose?"

"What I'd like to do, Ilsa, is spend this week here with you, training her every
day. Rigorous sessions, three a day, three hours. There is a very small show
this weekend up in New Hampshire. Mostly farm contests, draft horses, pulling
contests, wagons and the like. A few dressage ponies will be there. It wouldn't
count towards any standings, but it might be the perfect exposure for her. Tom
could go back to the city and get the equipment we'd need. I think we could all
have a little fun up there."

"Sounds like  a good plan Elaine."

"Tom, I'll write you a list of things we'll need. You can get them at Mickie's
Tack in the West Village, and bring everything  up Thursday night so we can make
any adjustments before we head up to the farm on Friday."

"That's fine, Elaine. I can scoot out of work Thursday afternoon and be here for
dinner. I'll swing by the tack shop Tuesday evening. I'll call you and let you
know how it went."

That evening, Elaine sat with Ilsa and Tom and compiled a list of various items
they would need for the horse show next weekend.  slut spent the time on her
knees, orally  servicing each of them, one after the other.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER 16

EQUESTRIAN WEEKEND

   For slut, the next week was a continuous and relentless blur of training. Up
each day at 6:00AM, in her tack and training by 7:00, a break at 10:00, back
into the regimen at 1:00, break at 4:00, and then a last session at 6:30 that
would end around 9:00. The 5 inch heels no longer threw her off balance, and she
had mastered the high legged step. Placing one foot in front of the other,
exactly 4 inches in front took a few days, but she now was able to do it in
blinders. Jumping was her biggest challenge, only able to consistently clear 16
inches in a bound. Elaine knew this would not be enough to even qualify her in a
race, so she spent more time with the exacting paces of dressage instead.
Backing up, positioning of the head, back straight and stiff, , shoulders pulled
back, breasts thrust forward, deliberate accents to the step, all of these
traits were becoming second nature.

   Tom had called Tuesday night and reported that he was able to procure
everything on Elaine's list from the human tack shop in the west village. He
said he hoped to be joining them all Thursday night by 8:00. Being out in the
sun for so long every day was giving slut a deep tan. Elaine had stopped
whipping her ass, and the welts were slowly fading, although some of the meaner
ones were still a strong shade of purple. Ilsa and Elaine were pleased with the
rapid progress slut was making in her pony training.

   Thursday was a nasty day, gusting winds and a driving rain, but Elaine still
had slut outside going through the drills. In fact, it seemed that she pushed
the slave even harder in the miserable weather. They held dinner that night
until Tom arrived, packages in hand. After the meal, they gathered in the den to
see all the new toys.

   "slut, come here," Elaine ordered.

   "Yes, Ma'am."

   "Ilsa, Tom brought a few different items for us to try, he can always return
them if they don't suit Your taste." Elaine then set about dressing the pony
girl up in her complete costume. She began with a pair of Victorian era shoes,
black leather, 6 inch heels, harshly pointed toes, with buttons for fasteners.
They were mid-calf in length. Slut could feel the added strain of the extra inch
of heel. Next came a new set of reins, bridle and bit, all in luxuriant leather,
with sterling silver hardware. A tall black plume was then fitted to the top of
the harness on her head. a new single glove was slipped over the waiting arms,
in a mauve suede with silver conchos. Elaine then fastened sterling silver bells
to the pierced nipples and clitoris.

   "So, Ilsa, what do You think?"

   "Remarkable, Elaine. Stunning!. I'm getting excited about the little show.
She looks every bit the part."

   "I'm not going to ride her too hard tomorrow morning, Ilsa. Just a light
work-out, then after lunch, we can leave for the farm."

   The next day, slut loaded the suitcases into the back of Mistress' Jaguar,
and stood back, as Tom, Elaine, and Ilsa got in. slut was wearing her red satin
lined black leather cape, and nothing else, as she drove the car out of the
drive and onto the road.

   The trip was a solid 4 hours, as the farm was nestled in north central New
Hampshire. When they arrived, there was a short back-up of cars waiting to get
instructions on wear to park, what their accommodations were, and a schedule of
events. slut made two trips with the bags. First taking Tom and Elaine to their
room, and then Ilsa to hers. slut would be kept in the barn with the other
animals. The events Elaine had entered slut in didn't begin until 2:00 in the
afternoon on Saturday, so they had time to wander the grounds and see the other
entries.

   slut was amazed at the varieties of animals she saw. One woman, who must have
weighed nearly 300 pounds, breasts drooping to her waist, as pulling a heavy ox
cart, loaded with cinder blocks and bricks. She hardly seemed to struggle
against the burden as she pulled it and her owner down a path. Pony boys were
prancing about, tight rings binding their balls and cocks, erections proudly
standing out straight. Teams of ponies pulling wagons or carts, sliding logs,
dragging sleds, were to be seen in every direction.

   At 1:00 Saturday, Elaine dressed slut up as she had been Thursday night. And
with the silver bells ringing, she led the pony out of the paddock and into the
bright sunlight. When they got to the ring, slut looked out to see well over one
hundred spectators viewing the scene. Three more pony girls dressed like slut
joined them in the ring. An announcer introduced the ponies, their handlers, and
owners. Then, playing follow the leader, they all pranced around the circle,
strutting. After a few laps, they all peeled off, except one pony and her
handler, who remained in the ring.

   "Watch how she holds herself, nicole. Her steps aren't as good as yours, but
her grace and poise are legendary.  She's 56 years old, and has been doing this
for over thirty years! She has lost a lot of her step and moves, but the way she
carries herself make up for a lot of it."

   slut watched as the aged pony went through her drill. Slow, carefully placed
steps. Back ramrod straight. Head held way up high. Shoulders pulled sharply
back, breasts thrust forward, as she balanced gracefully on the sharp spike
heels of her hip-high boots. The routine lasted about 20 minutes, and a standing
ovation was offered in respect for her showing.

   The next pony up was a black brood mare, her ripe belly taut and lined with
stretch marks. Milk filled breasts engorged and nipples dark and distended, a
small trace of milk on each one. A flash of the riding crop brought her into
form, as she awkwardly pranced through her routine, breasts slapping against the
belly as the pace quickened. Sweating and out of breath when she was through,
her handler patted her down as they received their applause.

   The third entry was a middle- aged woman, maybe 40, who had recently
undergone double radical mastectomies. The scar tissue was still a raw reddish
pink, shiny in the afternoon sun. Like slut, she also was shorn, but slut knew,
from the lack of any trace of hair, that this was do to chemotherapy, not a
razor. Her handler set a slow pace, not wishing to tire the sickly mare.  They
kept their routine to under 5 minutes, and it was evident to all present that
that was all the pony had in her.

   "We're next, nicole. Just try to relax and remember to keep the head up,
shoulders back, and tits forward. Ready?"

   "Yes, Ma'am."

   Elaine gave slut a quick bite of the buggy whip on her flank and they began
the routine. slut kept her mind focused on her shoulders, head, and tits, while
maintaining the exaggeration of the steps, carefully placing each footstep
exactly 4 inches in front of the last. Light flicks of the whip changed her
pace, and quick tugs at the reins would change her direction. First straight,
then right, left, backwards, left again, in tight circles she paced, the bells
in her nipples and clit brightly ringing throughout it all. And then, it was
over. Slut was still concentrating on her posture, so she missed a good deal of
the applause.  They other three ponies joined them once again in the ring for
one last parade around the ring, then the four animals were tethered to a post
as the judges made their calculations.

   "In the dressage event," the announcer proclaimed, "we have a new winner this
year. slut, a new foal out of Connecticut, owned by Mistress Ilsa and shown by
Elaine O'Shea has taken the blue ribbon. Second place goes to  Princess Darby,
and third place to Malcontent."

   Elaine hugged slut as she heard the good news. Tom and Ilsa left the stands
and came out to congratulate them. slut new her new role was going to take a lot
more work and training.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 17
A NEW SLAVE

   Tom and Elaine had been gone for about ten days, and Mistress Ilsa and slut
were still at the country estate. The days were beginning to shorten and a crisp
bite was in the morning air. The fall foliage would soon engulf the landscape,
painting the woods in a vibrant splash of dazzling colors. slut had been
adhering to the strict work-out schedule that Elaine had left for her. Each day,
she spent in three one hour sessions. First, there came fifteen minutes on the
mini-trampoline, to strengthen and give definition to her thighs and calves.
Next, fifteen minutes on the bongo board was in order. This was to make her
ankles strong, for Elaine was building her up to try the 7 inch heeled pony
boots. Finally, a full thirty minutes was devoted to practicing her steps and
prancing. When she wasn't working out, slut was busy with a myriad of domestic
labors before the house could be closed up for the winter. The windows were
washed, drapes cleaned and re-hung, furniture draped in sheets,  rugs vacuumed, 
and silver polished.

    One night, at dinner, Mistress announced, "We'll be leaving for the city in
the morning, slut. I want you to pack my bags this evening, but first, I want
you to take a walk out to the field with Me, I wish to see whore's monument one
more time."

   After the meal was through, slut helped Ilsa into a light jacket, and off
they headed through the woods, down the path to the field. slut was naked, of
course, so the chilly night air caused her to shiver as she walked barefoot
behind her Mistress. When they reached the stone that marked whore's grave,
Mistress commanded, "Lift My skirt, slut."

   "Yes, Mistress," slut replied, as she reached for the hem of the midi length
skirt. Mistress then straddled the marker and relieved Herself on the stone.

   "Something to remember me by, whore," She whispered to the wind.

   slut busied herself with the task of packing Ilsa's things and loading them
in the trunk of the car. It was after eleven when she had completed her chores.
Mistress chained her to the foot of the bed, on the floor for the night, and
grabbing a stiff nipple, She twisted it and said, "Sleep tight, slave."

   The drive back to Manhattan found slut in the passenger seat, naked, hands
cuffed behind her back, and Mistress at the wheel. She stopped near a group of
high school kids walking to school and feigned a need for directions, laughing
as the boys stammered out some words while ogling the naked woman in the front
seat. "I wonder what they'll say when their parents ask what they did at school
today," Mistress laughed. Slut laughed too, and was startled to realize that it
was her predicament that she found amusing.

   Mistress didn't pull the car into the garage under her building. Instead, She
opted for a parking spot on the street a few doors down, making slut walk, naked
up the sidewalk and up the front steps, making four trips to bring in the
luggage. It was almost 4:00 in the afternoon before slut had emptied the
suitcases and put away all of Mistress' things. she then began her exercise
regimen, when the front doorbell rang. Still not used to answering the door
naked, slut blushed a bit when she opened the door to find a young girl on the
step, no more than twenty or twenty-one years old. "May I help you," slut
inquired?

   "Yes, thank you," she said, staring at the naked slave before her. "I have an
appointment with Mistress Ilsa."

   "Please come in, and I'll tell Her you are here. What is your name?"

   "I'm Bryanne Ellis, my boy friend sent me here."

   "Make yourself comfortable, and I will go find Mistress Ilsa," slut said,
turning for the stairs. she wondered to herself who this young girl might be as
she knocked softly on the bedroom door.

   "Yes, slut, what is it," Mistress called through the closed door?

   "There is a young girl who says she has an appointment with You, Mistress,
her name is Bryanne Ellis."

   "Tell her I will be down shortly. Stay with her until I come downstairs,
slut, and see that you sit in a chair in front of her, with your legs draped
over the arms. Open yourself to her gaze."

   "Yes, Mistress," slut answered.

   When she returned downstairs, slut found Bryanne sitting on the sofa. There
was a wing back chair directly in front of the sofa, separated only by a coffee
table. Slut sat down on the chair, and spread her legs wide, dangling her legs
off the arms of the chair, her cunt a gaping hole, her piercings prominently
displayed. "Mistress will join us shortly," she stated.

   "Are you a, s s s slave," Bryanne asked shyly?

   "I am Mistress' personnel slave."

   "Did she do that," she asked,  pointing to the scars on slut's breasts?

   "Yes. She had me whipped on the one breast, and carved the scars into the
other one with a knife."

   "Did she put you to sleep first?"

   "Of course not! I wouldn't be able to give Her the present of my pain if I
was asleep."

   "What about the rings in your nipples, and pussy?"

   "My first owner pierced my nipples, cunt and clitoris before I met Mistress."

   "Why is your head shaved?"

   "Mistress requires all of Her slaves to be free of hair from head to foot. It
serves as a reminder that I belong to her. That I am completely naked for Her,
that I hide nothing from Her. All that I am is for Her. All that I have is Hers
for the taking. My joy comes from being near Her and being allowed to service
Her needs."

   "Slut is My slave, Bryanne," Mistress said as She entered the room, "what she
does, is for Me. she owes her existence to Me, for My pleasure and enjoyment
alone, without question or pause. slut is a true slave."

   "Thank you, Mistress," slut gratefully said, as she got down out of the chair
and began to worship her Mistress' boots.

   Bryanne watched silently as slut began licking the mud spattered boots on her
Mistress' feet. Gradually working her way up each boot, one to the other, until
they were clean and shining. "you missed a spot, slave," Mistress remarked,
lifting her right foot, exposing the sole. slut eagerly cleaned the sole of the
boot, and didn't stop until Mistress put her right foot down and lifted the left
for the same respect.

   "Fetch me a cane, slave!"

   "Certainly, Mistress."

   slut crawled over to the window bench and, opening it, removed a birch cane
with her teeth. On all fours, she crawled back and laid it on the ground at
Ilsa's feet. "How many should you receive tonight, cunt?"

   "As many as it pleases You to present me with, Mistress."

   "Very well then. Present yourself to Me!"

   slut stood and bent over the desk, presenting her ass to Mistress. "I should
think twenty would be enough, wouldn't you?"

   "Only if that is what You wish, Mistress>"

  "Alright then, how about we add a twist. I will give you twenty lashes, unless
you bleed first. If that happens, it will be thirty."

   "Thank You, Mistress for Your kindness," slut answered.

   Without warning, the cane sliced through the air and cracked across both
cheeks at once. "One thank You, Mistress. Please don't stop."

   "Two, thank You Mistress, three,....By eighteen, Mistress stopped and said, I
think I see blood, and wiping it with Her finger, She said, lick it off and see
if I'm right."

   "Yes, Mistress, I am bleeding, Thank You! If it please You, my I have the
full thirty?"

   "As you wish, slut."

   Bryanne watched in total amazement. Dumbfounded at the scene playing out
before her. When the final lash had been delivered, slut got back down on the
floor and again began licking Ilsa's feet.

   "slut, Bryanne is going to be staying with us for a week or so. she is
staring a very basic rudimentary slave training for her boy friend. You are not
to touch her in any way unless I give you permission. You are also to never let
her out of your sight. Am I clear?"

   "Yes, Mistress," slut answered as she continued licking.

   "Fine then. Show Bryanne to her room, and then bring her down to the table
for dinner at six.

   "Of course, Mistress," slut answered. "Bryanne, please come with me"




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell
CHAPTER  18

BRYANNE'S TALE

   The dinner had been a simple and quiet affair. Mistress Ilsa engaged Bryanne
in all manner of small talk, purposely excluding slut throughout the meal.
Finally, as they were enjoying a second cup of espresso, Mistress commanded,
"Bryanne, stand up!"

   Bryanne stood at here place at the table. "Come here, and stand before Me!"

   Silently, the young girl did as she was told. "slut, remove her clothing. I
wish to see her naked!"

   "Yes, Mistress," slut answered, rising from her chair and approaching the
submissive. slut began by kneeling and first removing the shoes, then she stood
and pulled the sweater over Bryanne's head. she deftly undid the button and
zipper which held the pleated plaid skirt in place, and let it drop
unceremoniously to the floor, leaving the poor girl in just her small demi bra
and lacy panties. slut then slid the bra straps off the girl's shoulders,
exposing the tops of her petite breasts, and reaching behind her, she undid the
hooks and dropped the bra to the floor at her feet. Walking behind her, slut
hooked a finger on either side of the panties at the hips, and yanked them down
to the ankles in one swift motion. "Lift your left leg, please," slut said. As
the left came up, she pulled the panties off, and said, "Now the right one."

   Bryanne stood naked before Ilsa, trying her best to withstand the temptation
to cover her pubic area and breasts. "Those are lovely little titties, Bryanne,
so adolescent. What size are you?"

   "I'm a 31 A, Mistress."

   "They're adorable, almost pre-pubescent in size. Why do you bother with a
bra? They'll stay nice and perky for you for a long time, no sagging there. What
are your proportions?"

    "I'm just a bit under five feet tall, Mistress, and I weigh 97 pounds. I
wear a 5 1/2 shoe and am 32, 22, 33."

   "Nice little bush too. Do you keep it trimmed?"

   "No, Mistress. This is how it grows."

   "Convenient. No bikini waxing?"

   "No, Mistress. I've never had a need for that."

   "Turn around for Me and grab your ankles. I wish to see your holes."

   Bryanne did as instructed, a flush of red blushed across her cheeks as she
realized how vulnerable she was. "Nice little ass bud. Have you ever been taken
back there?"

   "Oh no, Mistress. I could never do that!"

   "Oh yes you could, and will, if I so desire it, cunt!"

   "I'm sorry, Mistress."

    "Not as sorry as you will be after I've finished with your training. Now,
spread your cheeks!"

   Bryanne grabbed her buttocks with each hand and pulled them wide apart,
revealing her pouting lips and stretched asshole. Suddenly, she gasped out loud,
as Ilsa probed deeply into both openings at the same time. "You're wet already,
bitch! Horny little cunts always drip when they bend over and offer themselves
to Me! slut! Get a pair of clips and put them on her cunt lips. I want to get
her mind focused."

   "Yes, Mistress."

   slut went over to the window box and found a pair of plastic clips. she held
them in front of her Mistress for approval. "Yes, slut, those will be fine. you
may put them on her."

   "Certainly, Mistress. With pleasure." slut knelt behind the bent over girl,
catching a brief whiff of her as she pulled one of the labia down and opened the
clip.

   "Ow," Bryanne, cried out! "That hurts!"

   "Well of course it does, cunt. Don't be ridiculous! I'm presenting you with
the gift of pain. What do you say to Me?"

   "Thank You, Mistress?"

   "You're welcome."

   "Ow," she again cried, as slut snapped the second clip of the delicate skin.

   "Now, Bryanne, you may sit back in your chair. I wish to hear of any past
experiences you have had with S & M, or bondage, or humiliation. slut, while she
tells Me her tale, I want you to lick her cunt. Keep her on the edge, but do not
allow her to cum until I tell you to. If she cums before I allow it, you will
spend the night hanging from your ankles with weights on your nipples. Have I
made Myself clear enough for you?"

   "Oh yes, Mistress. I understand."

   Bryanne sat back in her chair, gingerly, to avoid disturbing the clips that
bit viciously into her labia. Suddenly, she felt her legs being pushed apart, as
slut crawled between her legs and began to nibble on the tender flesh. A moan
escaped from her as she felt the quick dart of slut's tongue graze her clitoris
and then settle on a clip, tugging it gently with her teeth.

   "So, Bryanne, tell Me. Have you ever had any experiences with pain and
humiliation before?"

   Bryanne sat for a moment collecting her thoughts, and going back alomost
twenty years in her mind. "Yes, Mistress," she finally spoke. I have."

   "Tell Me about it, and don't omit any details"

   "Very well, Mistress." Again she paused, and then finally, she began. "From
my earliest youth, I was always attracted to the images and figures of the
crucifixion. The pictures we saw in parochial school, icons in the church, and
the readings always caused strange sensations in my privates, even at the age of
seven. The other kids were pretty repulsed by the images, but I was fascinated
by the idea of the whip, the scourging, stonings, half naked processions through
the public streests, canings, and crucifixions. I looked forward to Easter week
to read and re-read the story.

   "My parents used to go out a  lot at night, and they left me alone in the
house with no baby sitter. I would go down into the basement where my father had
all of his tools. I used to take off my clothes and pretend I was in a torture
chamber, tying myself up, whipping myself with a bathrobe sash, and working my
way to my father's belts. Sometimes my tormentors were Nazis, sometimes I was a
white girl captured by Indians, or African natives. I never shared these
fantasies with anyone, I always acted them out alone."

   "Did you ever get caught?"

   "I came real close one night. I was tied up in the basement, naked, whipping
myself on the chest with a belt, when I heard the garage door open. My parents
had gotten into a fight at the bar, and my mother had left my father there and
come home by herself early. I had just managed to wriggle out of the ropes when
she called out to see where I was. I yelled up the stairs that I was in the
basement working on a class project. Thank God she was as embarassed to see me
as I was to see her!. She just said she was going to take a bath and go to bed.
I got dressed real fast and put away the ropes and belt."

   "Did that stop you?"

   "Nooooooo, Mistress," Bryanne moaned, as slut sucked on her now swollen clit.
"Ooooh,,,,,,aaaaaaah.....ooooooh."

   "Well?"

   "I.....uh.....I kept up with my fantasies, and by about the age of nine, I
used to sneak out of the house late at night, around two or three AM. At first I
would just quietly get out of the house, and then I would walk down the block to
where I-95 cuts through our neighborhood. I would then strip off my clothes and
expose myself to the cars and trucks. There weren't many at that hour, of
course. As I got a bit braver, I would hide my clothes in the bushes, and then 
run across the highway naked. I'd hide in the shrubs and then have to work my
way back. Sometimes I would do this earlier in the night, when my parents had
just left for the bar. One rainy night, I was bold enough to sneak out of the
house in the nude, leaving my clothes in the house. I went down to the
interstate, climbed the fence, and stood and masturbated as the headlights
washed over me. A car stopped that night, and I had to scramble over the fence
and run home, ducking behind hedges when cars came.

   "When I was twelve, a new girl moved into our neighborhood. She was from the
Philippines, Ankura was her name. She was about fifteen I think. She had a dark
complexion and a heavy accent. She moved in mid-year, so she didn't make any
friend at her high school, so she used to hang around with me. I never had any
friends either, so we would talk a lot about school and being lonely, not having
friends, and stuff like that. Most kids made fun of me because I was skinny and
hadn't started puberty yet, so I was alone a lot. Also, having alcoholic parents
made it really hard to invites kids over to the house, because you never knew
what might happen.

   "Gradually, we began taking walks around the area, on the bridle path near
the railroad tracks and golf course on the other side of the interstate in the
Bronx. One day, she asked me if I would accept a dare. I said, okay, and she
said that she wanted me to take off my shirt and give it to her. I did what she
said, and we kept on walking down the bridle path, as if nothing was wrong. A
couple of riders rode by on horseback, but with my flat chest and short hair,
they probably thought I was a boy.

   "After they had gone, Ankura told me to take off all the rest of my clothes
and give them to her. Again I did what she said. She rolled them all up in a
tight bundle and sprinted off down the path away from me. I ran after her in a
panic, but I wasn't fast enough to catch up with her. There I was, naked and
alone on the bridle path, when I heard another group of horses coming down the
path. Quickly, I jumped into some bushed to hide from them as they passed by. I
got all scratched and cut up from the branches. A few minutes after the riders
had gone, Ankura came walking back down the path toward me, but without my
clothes! She told me that I could find them next to the exit sign on the
interstate, and if I wanted to get them, I was have to walk out there and get
them.

   "I snuck up the path, listening for horses, till I got to a gap in the fence.
I ducked under it and made my way through the bushes to where I could see the
road sign. My clothes were where she said they'd be, on the shoulder of the
road. I tried to time it so no cars were coming when I dashed out to get the
clothes, but I wasn't fast enough to get back before a bunch of car horns went
off telling me that I'd been spotted. I got back through the fence and found
Ankura laughing at me."

   "Was that it?"

    "Well, on the way back home, she asked if I liked playing 'our little game,'
and I had to admit that I did. Ankura said that she was glad and that we would
play again real soon."

   "Tell me about your next walk."


   "The next Saturday, she called me up and told me to meet her by the fence
where we would cut over the interstate. I met her and we went for our 'walk' on
the bridle path. She asked me if I wanted to take another dare, and I replied
that I would. This time, she made me walk out to the exit sign and take off my
clothes right there on the shoulder! When I was naked she let me come back
through the fence and she took my clothes from me. She said that from now on, I
was to bring a backpack with me to put my clothes in, and that I was to strip as
soon as we crossed the highway, without her having to ask me to. I then was to
put my clothes in the backpack and give them to her. We walked down the path
till we came to some pricker bushes, and she tossed my bundle of clothes into
the prickers. Then we walked down the path till we got to the golf course. There
were lots of golfers out, and she told me that I had to run across the fairway.
She hid behind a big rock and watched as I ran in front of a group of men. I was
really scared, but they didn't do anything except yell at me to get off the
course. I hid behind some trees till they had gone, then Ankura called over to
me and said I had to walk back to her. This time it was a mixed group of men and
women who were coming down the fairway. One of the women was a friend of my
mother's! She didn't see my face, but they were really mad and chased me in the
their golf carts. We ran back to the bridle path and Ankura took a detour over
by the railroad tracks. She took some string out of her pocket and tied me
between two trees, about ten feet from the tracks. I was tied like that, with
Ankura watching, while three different trains went by."

   "When it came time to go, she gave me two chpoices; I could either go into
the pricker bush on my own to get my clothes, or she would shove me in."

   "Which did you choose?"

   "I couldn't make up my mind, so she pushed me into the bush, and I tripped
into the prickers. She told me that I now could experience both choices, as I
would have to crawl out on my own. I got scratched and cut pretty badly."

   "Which do you think was better, going at your own speed, or being thrown in?"

   "I never could decide, Mistress. The initial pain and shock from being pushed
in was sever, but my going slowly wasn't any better. I mean, I'd get a stab in
my foot, which would make me turn suddenly, and I get one in the leg or stomach
in return. I never got used to it, and this became the place where we always hid
my clothes."

   "Did you get beyond the exhibition games?"

   "We did those kinds of things for about three months. Then, one day, she said
that she wanted to whip me. I couldn't believe it! I didn't tell her that it was
a fantasy of mine to be whipped, and of course I agreed to it. She tied me to
the trees by the tracks again, and used a damp bath towel on me. It really hurt,
a lot more than what I was used to doing to myself, but at the same time it
really excited me too. When she was done, she made me play with myself until I
came for the first time."

   "Did she always use a towel to whip you?"

   "Only at first. Her favorite was to make me lie back across a rock or fallen
tree and she would whip my thighs and privates with a stick she would break off
a bush. That really hurt a lot, but if I took the beatings really well, she
would sometimes reward me by playing with me till I came."

   slut took this as a cue to increase the tempo and pressure of her tongue, so
Bryanne completely missed Mistress' next question.

   "Did she mark you with the switch?"

   "Oooooooh.......aaaaaaah..........ooooooooh.......whaaaaat?"

   "I Said,.....did she mark you with the switch?"

   "I'm sorry. Yes, there always were marks from the whippings. But one time,
she said she'd give me a special treat if I asked her to whip me till I bled."

   "And what happened?"

   "Well, I agreed to her beating me, and she really hurt me, because she had me
lie on my back and pull my ankles apart. She whipped my pussy really hard and I
was crying, but as soon as she cut me, she threw down the stick and went down on
me, gentlt licking me until I came."

   "How did you keep your mother from seeing the marks?"

    "That was never a problem , because she usually was in bed before I had even
showered, and I was dressed and off to school before she was out of bed."

   "Did Ankura ever join you in the basement?"

   "Yes, she did. One time after we had gone for our 'walk,' I told her of my
basement fantasies when my parents were out. She said she'd like to see it, and
asked when they went out. I told her that they pretty much went out every night,
but they always went out on Wednesdays. She said that she would come over on
Wednesday night and that I was to leave the back door unlocked and be waiting
for her in the basement.:

   "So tell Me what happened."

   "The next Wednesday, after my parents left, I unlocked the back door, like
she said, and went downstairs. I got undressed, put a gag in my mouth, put on a
blindfold, and tied myself up."

   "How did you tie yourself up?"

   "I had a set of eyehooks in the four corners of the door to the half bath we
had in the basement, so I tied my ankles first, then did a thing with a slip
knot for my left hand. I never could figure how to do my right hand, so I just
wrapped the rope around it."

   "Did your friend come?"

   "Yes, she came. And the first thing she did was tie my right hand properly so
I was completely helpless. Then she touched my body all over, playing with me.
After she had teased me for a while, she started cursing at me and calling me
names, like worthless, and trash, and gutter scum. Then she took my father's
belt and whipped my on my back, thighs and backside. It was exciting to finally
live out my deepest fantasy with her."

   "Did she ever control you when you weren't with her?"

   "Yes, come to think of it, she did. I almost forgot this part. Just before
she moved away, she did. I went to the local parish school, Blessed Mother, and
Ankura was in the public high school. She got to dress however she wanted, and I
had to wear those stupid uniforms they make you wear! She told me that she
wanted me to think about her more often, so she gave me a new rule. I wasn't
allowed to wear my panties under my uniform skirt, except on gym days. I was
really scared at getting caught, but I was also excited by the idea of getting
caught as well. Does that make any sense?"

   "Yes it does, now go on."

   "Well, her school let out everyday before ours, so some days she would be
waiting for me at the corner when I'd walk home, so we'd walk together. She
would do things like knock my bookbag to the ground or drop something and make
me bend over and pick it up, just to see it I was doing what she said."

   "Did anyone ever see you doing this?"

   "Once, she had me do it by the basketball courts, and I know some of the boys
saw>"

   "Did she ever do anything to you that bothered you, or you wish she didn't
do?"  

   "She really loved to take a broken stick and scrap the skin inside my legs
along my pussy with it. I really hated that' She'd scratch the stick back and
forth leaving cuts and scrapes. One time, she  scrapped her initials into my
belly, just above my slit. I had no hair there till I was almost fifteen, so it
really stood out. She scraped the stick very hard and dug the initials deep into
my skin. It took a month to disappear."

   "Did you two only take your 'walks' on nice days, or did you ever venture out
in bad weather?"

   "Mostly, we went out when it was sunny and nice, but there were a few times
when we went out on rainy days, and once we even went out in a snow storm!"

   "Tell Me about those times."

   "Once, in late May, we went for a 'walk.' It was one of those May days that
hints at an early summer. Hot, humid, and strong sun. We had just crossed the
interstate, when a big thunderstorm came. Ankura had me strip, and we began our
walk. After she whipped me with a stick, she made me roll in the mud in the
bridle path until I was covered in dirt. Then she had me walk down the middle of
the fairway on the golf course, all the golfers had long since retreated to the
clubhouse, I guess, so no one was around. She had me go to the pond that was a
water hazard and rinse off the dirt. While I was doing that, I found a golf
ball, and showed it to her all excited! She told me that I should keep it as a
souvenir, and that we should put it in a special place, so, she had me lie down
on my back, with my legs spread wide, and she pushed the golf ball into my
pussy. She told me I had to keep it there till I got home.

   "The other rainy walks were about the same, except I didn't look for anymore
golf balls. The snowy day was not fun for me. It had been snowing all morning,
and we had about four or five inches on the ground and it still was snowing
hard. She called me and told me I was to meet her at the fence where we'd climb
it to cross the highway. I met her there, and she had me strip right there! She
let me keep on my socks and boots, but that was all. It was snowing hard, and
the traffic was moving slowly, so I was seen by a lot of people as we ran across
the road. By the time we'd reached the railroad tracks, I was freezing! I
shivered all over and my teeth were chattering. She said ten more minutes, then
I could get dressed. She tied me between the trees again, and started throwing
snowballs at me, which hurt and made me colder and wetter than I was before.
Then she pulled off her belt and started to whip me. That really hurt because I
was so cold, and I started crying, begging her to stop. But she kept hitting me.
Finally, she stopped and knelt  in front of me and licked my pussy, but I was so
cold I couldn't come. She untied me and helped me get dressed. Then we walked
back to her house, I'd never been there before. She took me into the playroom
and wrapped me in blankets, and then made us both some hot chocolate."

   "How long did you two play these games?"

    "For about a year and a half. One morning, she called me up and said that I
was to meet her at the abandoned shack near the railroad tracks. I was to strip
and throw my clothes down the storm drain, and then wait for her in the shack."

   "Did you follow her instructions?"

   "Yes, Mistress. I went to the path, took off my clothes and pushed them
through the opening in the drain, then I went to the shack and waited for her.

   "I lost all track of time. It could have been fifteen minutes I waited, or
thirty, or even forty-five, I couldn't be sure. But I remember being nervous and
excited at the thought of someone finding me in the shack naked. I got startled
when I heard footsteps and voices coming down the path to the shack. Ankura
walked in with a boy! He was about seventeen years old! I was totally
embarrassed. He just stared at me, and she said, 'See, I told you she'd be
here.' He said something like, ' I can't believe it. I thought you were making
this all up!'  She said, 'I told you it was true.' He said, 'what can I get her
to do?' She said, 'anything you want, she's my slave!'"

   "So what happened?"

   "Well, first, he had me crawl down the path on all fours till I got to the
trees by the tracks. Then he tied my hands and ankles spread-eagled to the
trees. He watched as a few trains passed by, then he pulled off his belt and
gave me a whipping. Ankura kept yelling at him to whip me harder because I liked
it so much.

   "After that, Ankura untied me, and they had me walk back up the bridle path
and stand near the interstate and masturbate while the cars went passed. When
they grew tired of this, they had me crawl back to the shack and give them both
orals."

   "How long did this go on for?"

   "A few hours, I suppose. Between my giving them, both head, they whipped me,
and had me expose myself on the golf course, the interstate and railroad tracks,
so it was a while. Finally, the boy had me climb down into the storm drain and
rub the filth all over my body. Then he let me climb out. Ankura had me lie down
on the bridle path, and they took turns peeing on me. The boy peed on my face
and chest with my mouth opened, and Ankura straddled me and peed on my stomach
and privates. She had me lick her clean when she was through.

   Then, they just turned and walked away, leaving me there on the path, covered
in urine and filth. Ankura called back to me over her shoulder that her parents
had sold their house and that she was moving to a different state the next day.
She was giving me all this to remember her by."

   "What did you do?"

   "I climbed back down into the storm drain and got my clothes on, then I
waited till it was almost dark and snuck home. My parents had left a note that
they were down at the bar for someone's birthday party, so I stripped off my
clothes and threw them in the laundry while I took a shower."

   "Thank you for the lovely story, Bryanne. slut, I want to hear her cum now."

   "Yes, Mistress," slut replied, as she sank her teeth into the swollen clit
and sucked as hard as she could.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By: Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 19

ERRANDS FOR ILSA

   The next morning, as the three women were finishing their breakfast, Ilsa
announced, "slut, I have a list of errands I want you to run for Me." And
handing her the list, She said, "here is some money for you to get what I need.
When you're through, why don't you take Bryanne out for a nice lunch?"

   "That would be lovely, Mistress, thank You>"

   "I'm glad you agree. Why don't you take her to the Ring's Bistro in TriBeCa?
They haven't seen you for a while. I'm sure the experience will be memorable for
Bryanne as well."

   A shudder coarsed through slut when she realized where she would be going and
what it meant. "Thank You, Mistress. We'll go as soon as we bathe."

   "Don't forget to do your exercises  for Elaine first. She'll be stopping by
any day now to see how you're doing. you may shower after you're through." And
turning to Bryanne, She said, "You may dress as you wish, Bryanne, but slut,"
She added, turning to face Her slave, "you are to wear your heels and cape
only."

   "Yes, Mistress," slut replied.

   The girls headed straight for the den, where Bryanne sat and watched as slut
went through her regimen. Fifteen minutes on the mini-tramp, followed by fifteen
on the bongo board, and then thirty minutes practicing her steps and prancing.
Bryanne kept silent the whole time, studying everything slut did. When the hour
was up, they headed for their baths.

   slut grabbed her cape and slung it over her bare shoulders as she and Bryanne
descended the staircase. Mistress Ilsa was waiting for them at the base of the
stairs in the foyer> "Don't worry about the time getting back, slut. That
decision will be made by the Ring members. Have a good day!"

   "Thank You Mistress,"  slut answered, as she and Bryanne walked through the
door and into the bright autumn sunlight. They got into Ilsa's Jaguar and drove
to their first destination, Diana's Salon in Chelsea, a hole in the wall shop
that one would easily miss if you didn't know of it's existence.

   "Ah, here they are now," a matronly older woman announced to two beauticians
and a client receiving a pedicure. "I've been expecting you! You must be slut,"
she decreed, looking slut over carefully. "Let me see you!"

   Bryanne was shocked at the lack of modesty slut exhibited as she untied her
cape and laid it across the back of a chair, standing naked in the shop. But
slut was far beyond the modesty stage, and did as she was told, knowing that
this woman, somehow, had a connection with her Mistress, and therefore, she had
control over her. "Ilsa told me She beat you last night with a cane, is that
true?"

   "Yes, ma'am, She did."

   "Then please turn around for us so we can see Her handiwork.


   Slut turned and bent at the waist without being asked, displaying her badly
bruised buttocks and legs. Thick purple and blue welts stripped her from the top
of her  hips to mid-thigh. "Oooh, I'll bet that was a painful session for you! I
see She cut you as well."

   "Yes, ma'am, She did. Mistress believes that a caning should draw blood>"

   "As usual, She is right," Diana remarked. "Now, is this the young Bryanne
Ilsa has told me about?"

   "Yes, she is, Ma'am," slut answered, but I have no idea what She sent us here
for."

   "Never you mind about that, slut. I know exactly what She wishes to be done.
I spoke with her last evening. Now, come, Bryanne, and take off your clothes.
Let me see this tiny little body Ilsa is so excited about!"

   "Right here? In front of these people?"

   "Yes of course, cunt," came the stinging reply. Diana slapped Bryanne's face
as hard as she could, knocking the girl backwards, and toppling her over one of
the salon chairs. "What is the matter with you? Have you no training at all?"

   Ma'am," slut interceded, "she's just beginning her training, in fact, today
is her first day. She has no idea what is expected of her."

   "That's all well and good, slut, but it doesn't cut it for me! Strip her
immediately!"

   "Yes, ma'am," slut answered. she quickly pulled the baggy sweater over
Bryanne's head, unhooked the bra, undid the jeans and slid them, with the
panties, down her lithe legs. she then knelt and had Bryanne step out of her
sneakers, socks, panties and jeans. When she was totally naked, Diana exclaimed,
"my, she looks just like a little Lolita! I see just what Ilsa wants to do with
her. slut, be a darling and run up to the corner and get me a large decaf, light
and sweet. Maybe a scone as well. You may as well get something for yourself
too. This will take a good hour to finish."

   "Is there somewhere around here you'd suggest?"

   "Just over on the west side of  Seventh Avenue is a good coffee shop, fresh
baked goods too.

   "I'll be right back," slut said, as she put her cape back on and headed for
the door.

   "Now you, you insolent little cunt, get your skinny ass in that chair and put
your feet in the stirrups!"

   Bryanne climbed into the chair Diana was pointing to and lifted her legs up,
spreading them wide in the stirrups, displaying her pouty sex. "Alright now,
first things first. Let's take you back a few years, shall we?"  And so saying,
Diana started to spread a vile smelling cream over the girl's pubic area,
generously applying the cream over all the hair. Within a matter of a few
minutes, a foul stench saturated the salon, and Bryanne could feel an intense
burning sensation where the cream was.

   "It's hot, ma'am," she said

   "That means it's working, it's doing it's job. Another ten minutes and we can
rinse it off. You won't recognize yourself.   Diana went to turn on the exhaust
fans to try and remove some of the foul odor coming from the cream. She busied
herself setting up her hair cutting station while she waited for the time to
pass. When the timer went off, she came back over to Bryanne and said, "time to
see if one application will suffice, or maybe we'll need a second coat. Come
with me."

   Bryanne got up and followed the beautician to a broom closet in the back of
the salon. "Stand in the sink, Bryanne," Diana ordered. Bryanne stepped into the
filthy slop sink, and Diana took a hose and started rinsing off the cream with
ice cold water."

   "That's cold," Braynne exclaimed!"

   "Really? I'm so surprised," Diana mocked. I would have thought you'd be
grateful for the welcome relief from the hot cream. I guess there's no making
you happy, is there?"

   "I'm sorry, ma'am," Bryanne answered sheepishly.

   "Step out here and let's have a look in the light."

   Bryanne walked over to a full length mirror, and glancing down, she saw her
smooth clean pubic area looking as it did in her days with Ankura. "Once more
should clean it up," Diana said. "Ilsa hates residue" So the process was
repeated a second time. But this time, the already irritated and unprotected
skin burnt even more, and Bryanne moaned softly for the last four minutes of the
treatment.

   slut returned with the coffee and scones just as Bryanne was looking in the
mirror again. "My God," she exclaimed. She looks like she's about thirteen!"

   "Yes, doesn't she." Diana agreed. "Time for the hair now. Thanks for the
coffee, slut. Would you like a creaming while you wait? It's a lot closer than
shaving and lasts longer too. There is a chemical in the cream that retards new
hair growth.
  
   "Please Diana, that would be wonderful. I have a lunch appointment and I
don't want anyone offended."

   ":Oh yes, that's right. You're off to the Bistro. I should have known by your
nose ring. Do you want to apply the cream, or would you rather I did it?"

   "Would you please," slut asked. "I want as smooth a job as I can get."

   "Not a problem. Hop in the chair and I'll cream you up."

   Slut slipped off her cape and got into the chair, while Diana got the cream
and applicator. "Let that sit until the timer goes off," Diana said after
setting the timer. Then you may go in the back and rinse it off.

   "Bryanne, get in my chair here, and let's do your hair. Bryanne set about
washing and conditioning Bryanne's hair. Slut rinsed off the cream when the time
was up. "Do you think I'll need a second coat, Diana," slut asked as she looked
herself over in the mirror?

   Diana turned from doing Bryanne's hair and said, " It looks fine to me. If we
missed any, I can tweeze them out before you go. Let me finish up here, then I
look closer for you."

   About twenty minutes later,  Diana proclaimed, Done! Go over to the mirror
and let's have a look, shall we?"

   slut's mouth was agape as Bryanne paraded past her to the mirror. Bryanne
stammered out, "Oh my God!" With her hair dolled up in pigtails, and her
hairless belly, the effect with her flat chest and skinny legs made her look
like she was in elementary school.

   "Thanks so much," slut said as she picked up her cape. "What do we owe you?"

   "One and a quarter will do, slut. But first, get back up in the chair and let
me look for and hair we may have missed." slut did as she was told, as Diana
brought a bright light to have a close examination of the area. "I see no hair
at all, slut. between your shaving skills and my cream, we got it all. Do you
want a jar to take with you?"

   "Please,' slut said, taking the money from her envelope and handing it to
Diana. "Bryanne," she said, "get your clothes and get dressed. We have a few
more errands before lunch.

   They left Diana's and drove north to Hell's Kitchen. After finding a parking
place, they walked up Ninth Avenue to a clothing shop. The window display was
obviously intended for people in the fetish community. There were a pair of
mannequins, both dressed in leather teddies, garter belts, and bras. One of them
was chained to a pole, and the other was brandishing a studded leather paddle.

   A short bald man was seated behind the counter, and he looked up from his
newspaper as the bell on the door announced their arrival. He was wearing a
black suede vest with no shirt, so his prominent belly distended over his belt.
He also wore brown suede chaps, with no pants, and a leather pouch that kept his
genitals tightly bound, In a high pitched voice, he sang out, "How may I help
you ladies?"

   "Mistress Ilsa sent us here to get some clothes for Bryanne," slut returned.

  "Oh of course She did," he whispered. "I'm Peter, and I manage the store. She
sent me a fax this morning. I'll go in the back and get it. Why don't the two of
you browse around the store and see if something catches your fancy. I'll be
right back."  And saying that, he parted the beads that served as a partition to
the back room, and disappeared.

   "It won't hurt to look, slut," Bryanne started. "I mean, we're already here.
Might be good for a laugh too. Some of this stuff looks pretty weird." Bryanne
pulled a pink bustier with black stain trip off a rack to emphasize her point.
It was a size 58. "I could put this on my car," she called to slut! "Look at the
size of this! I don't want to think about someone wearing it."

   "No wait. This is better," slut called out, holding up a chastity belt made
entirely out of metal. "Look at it!" she held it up, showing off the two four
inch barbed dildos  that were built into it, as well as the large hasp with a
keylock to render it not removable.

   They continued perusing the fetish gear, until they both stopped at a wall
displaying a large selection of whips, paddles, and floggers. "Oh my God, slut,"
Bryanne shrieked, as she took down a flogger with fishooks tied to the ends."
Can you see antone actually using this?"

   slut shuddered as she answered, "yes."

   "What do you mean. Have you seen this before?"

   By way of answer, slut pushed her cape up on her shoulder, revealing her
scarred breast, and she said, "these scars are from one of those. Mistress Ilsa
had her slave whore whip me with it."

   "I'm so sorry, slut. I had no idea..." And as she was saying that, Peter
emerged from the back shaking a piece of paper over his head.

   "Yoo hoo," he sang out. "I'm baaaaack!"

   slut and Bryanne looked over to where Peter was as he said, "Would you ladies
please join me over here? I have Ilsa's shopping list. Let's have some fun,
shall we?"

   Peter waited as slut and Bryanne made their way through the crowded clothing
racks to where he was. "Now, let's see what will work for you, Bry," he said, as
he started looking through a rack of white cotton blouses. "Hmmmm, too big I
should think," he remarked to no one in particular after pulling out a blouse
and putting it back. "Let's try this one," he announced, holding a blouse on the
hanger in front of Bryanne. "Gee, still too big. "You're really a petite little
thing, aren't you," he asked rhetorically? "Ahh, here we are," he said, pulling
yet another blouse off the rack. "Try this one on."

   "Where are your dressing rooms," Bryanne inquired?

   "You're such a silly," he laughed. We don't have any. Pull off your sweater
and try it on."

   Bryanne hesitated as she quickly scanned the store for other customers, then
she pulled off her sweater. "A brassiere," Peter yelped? "What in God's name are
you wearing that for? My titties are bigger than yours! Give that to me," he
demanded, extending his hand and waiting for the lacy undergarment.

   Bryanne took off her bra and handed it to Peter as he passed her the blouse.
It was the type of white cotton blouse that is standard fare for any parochial
school uniform. Long sleeves, no designs or patterns, rounded collar, and no
darts. What made this one unique was it's lack of buttons to hold it closed.
Bryanne realized that with even the slightest movement, the top would billow,
allowing any gazing eyes a view of her chest.

   "My that looks lovely. Let me find another, and then we'll pick out a skirt."
Peter quickly found a second one, and taking Bryanne by the hand, he briskly
walked her through the maze of racks to the front of the store, where there were
dozens of plaid skirts. ""o any of these look familiar, Bry," he asked?

   "Why yes," she replied, holding up  a skirt on it's hanger. This is the exact
same plaid I used to wear when I was a pre-teen in Holy Mother School!"

   "Ooooh, this is sooooo exciting," Peter sand gleefully. "That's just what
Ilsa was hoping for. Let me take a peak and see if I can find your size. He dug
through the rack and pulled one out saying, I'll bet this is your size. Let's
see how it fits."

   Once again, Bryanne looked nervously around the store. Scanning for other
customers. "Just try it on, Bryanne," slut said impatiently. You're standing in
the Goddamn front window anyway!"

   Bryanne spun around and saw that she was, in fact, only three feet from the
large plate glass window that looked out onto the sidewalk. Quickly, she undid
her jeans, kicked off her sneakers and stepped out of the pants.

   "Panties too," Peter asked? "What is it with you, girlie? I mean, with a bod
like that, you shouldn't even own underwear. Give me those!"

   Bryanne handed the panties to Peter, and took the skirt, buttoning it around
her hips. It was then that she noticed that while the plaid was the same, the
skirt certainly was not. There was no overlap to the material on the wrap around
skirt. The two ends barely met, which meant that he thin legs would be exposed
well past mid-thigh with every step she took.  "This is too small, Peter. I
can't even close the skirt."

   "Of course not, silly. It's supposed to open whenever you walk or sit. It's
designed that way to make you more open and accessable. Now, let me look for a
matching jumper, and then we'll find some shoes and socks. What size are you, a
six?"

   "I'm a five and a half."

  " Ooooh, you're sooooo lucky to have small feet. It is going to look so much
nicer with this ensemble." He pulled out a box of shoes and a pair of white
anklets with pink trim. "Try these on," he asked.

   Bryanne sat down and pulled the socks on, then she opened the box and found a
pair of patent leather Mary Janes. After putting on the shoes, Peter said,
"let's look in the mirror and see how we look."

   They walked over to the mirror, and Bryanne was instantly transported back to
her elementary school days. "Ilsa will be sooo happy," Peter sang out as he
looked Bryanne over. "I'll bet you couldn't get into a PG movie looking like
this!"

   slut paid Peter for the clothes, as he bagged the jeans, sneakers and
sweater. The bra and panties he kept for himself. "One more stop before lunch,"
slut announced as they left the store. We just need to stop at Mickie's Tack
Shoppe in the West Village and pick up a package for Mistress' friend Elaine.
Then we can head over to TriBeCa for the restaurant.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Chales E. Campbell

CHAPTER 20

THE LUNCHEON

   slut and Bryanne left the clothing store and drove down Broadway to the West
Village. Unable to find a parking place for the car, slut double parked in front
of Mickie's Tack Shoppe and told Bryanne to run in and pick up the package that
had Elaine O'Shea's name on it. Bryanne did as she was told, and was back in a
matter of minutes with a shopping bag and a large cardboard box. slut hit the
trunk release and popped the trunk open for her to stow the packages.

    Bryanne got back in the car and said, "I'm starving. Can we go to lunch
now?"

   A curt "yes," was all slut said, putting the car in gear and heading for the
dreaded TriBeCa location.

   "You seem nervous, slut. Upset even. Is something wrong?"

    slut let a few minutes pass before answering. "I was here a few months ago,
and it was one of the hardest nights of my life. Have you ever heard of The
Ring?"

   "No. Should I have?"

   "I guess not," slut replied, before recounting her experiences at the 
restaurant when her then Master, Sir Campbell, used her for His initiation into
the secretive organization of slave owners. When she was  finished with her
abbreviated version of the events of the ceremony, Bryanne had been stunned into
silence.

   Finally, Bryanne whispered, "do you think Ilsa expects me to do the things
you have done? I mean,.....the floggings with those fishooks, the knife scars on
your breasts, the beatings,......I,...I don't think I could stand it."

   "Mistress wouldn't have those expectations of you, I'm sure. She is just
giving you some preliminary training for your boyfriend. Not everyone who's into
the scene does it 24/7. I didn't really become a 24/7 slave until Sir Campbell
gave me to Mistress Ilsa. And even then, it was only because whore was going to
die. No. You have nothing to worry about like that. I'm sure Mistress wants you
to see some of the things that are done to me. That's all."

   The rest of the trip downtown was passed in silence, as Bryanne thought of
what they had said, and slut ruminated over what was to come.

   Slut pulled the Jag to the curb in front of the Bistro that belonged to The
Ring, and immediately, a uniformed valet opened the door for her. Upon seeing
the ring through her septum, he called out to the doorman, "I have an initiate
her. Bring me a leash!"

   The valet put a finger through her nose ring and lead her to the sidewalk.
"Stay," he ordered! He opened the door for Bryanne, who couldn't help but notice
how he examined her nose as well. The doorman re-appeared with a dog leash,
which he handed to the valet. He clipped it to the nose ring, and handed it back
to the doorman. "Escort them in, please," he said to the doorman. "I'm going to
park their car. I'll be back in a minute>"

   The doorman gave a pull on the leash and lead slut, followed by Bryanne, into
the restaurant. Bryanne couldn't see at first dim to the dim lighting in the
vestibule. The maitre'd asked, "an initiate and guest?"

   "Yes, that's right," the doorman answered. "What would you like me to do with
them?"

   "Leave them to me. I'll seat the guest and find a suitable place for the
slave."

   "Very well," the doorman responded, as he tied slut's leash to a tethering
ring at the desk, and went back outside.

   "What's your name, slave, and to whom do you belong," the maitre'd inquired?

   "my name is slut, and I am the property of Mistress Ilsa."
   "Who initiated through you?"

   "I belonged to Sir Campbell, and was His initiate."

   "Is anyone expecting you today?"

    "I'm not sure. My Mistress told me to come here for lunch. There were no
further instructions."

   "Very well then," he said, then turning to Bryanne, he asked, "and what is
your name, Miss?"

   "My name is Bryanne."

    "Please follow me, Bryanne, and I will seat you for luncheon." He picked out
a menu and wine list, and was about to guide her to the restaurant, when he
paused.  He put the menu and wine list on the desk, and untied and removed
slut's cape,  leaving her just in her heels. "That's more like it," he said to
no one in particular, and he picked up the menu and list again and lead Bryanne
through the dining area into the back room, which was reserved for Ring members
and their guests only.

   Bryanne walked through a leather- paneled door into the private dining area
of the restaurant. She glanced around the room and saw that there were people
seated at three tables, eating and chatting quietly. In the middle of the room,
on a raised stage, she saw an old woman, possibly sixty or better, naked and
chained by her wrists and ankles to a pair of posts. Heavy weights hung from her
sagging breasts, causing them to pull flat against her stomach and droop to her
waist. She also wore heavy weights on her pussy lips which stretched the lips at
least eight inches down her blue vein covered thighs. The elderly slave was
beating hard, and sweat covered her body, which had obviously just undergone a
brutal lashing. Welts criss-crossed her from shoulder to knee in front.

   The maitre'd pulled out a chair at the table closet to the stage and held it
for Bryanne as she sat down, facing the stage. "Would you care for something to
drink while you wait," he asked?

   "May I have a white zinfindel, please," she asked, never taking her eyes from
the spectacle on stage?"

   The waiter brought her wine and said, "Good afternoon. My name is Mark, and I
will be your servant today. Our specials are listed on the back of the menu.
I'll give you an opportunity to read the men, then I'll be back to explain our
dishes. In the meantime, please feel free to avail yourself of out slaves of the
day. They are here for your enjoyment. I have been told that another one will be
joining us momentarily." And saying that, he turned and went back to the public
dining room.

    A woman from another table stood suddenly and announced,  "My turn!" She
strode purposefully to the stage and looked the old slave in the face. "What a
pathetic whore you are, granny! Look at your tits. They're disgusting!" She
picked up the weights and lifted the flat breasts above the slave's shoulders.
The old woman moaned softly at the pressure on her wrinkled nipples. Without
warning, the woman dropped the weights, snapping the breasts down fast and hard.
Unfortunately for the slave, the weights held fast to the nipples, and she
shrieked out in pain.

   "There, there. Did that hurt, you old bitch? Those tits look like they've
taken a lot more than that over the decades!' Let's see what more they'll take."

    The woman walked over to a large wooden chest, and pulled out a rod about
three feet in length and just about the same thickness as a pencil. She pulled
on it, testing it's flexibility,  and stood before the old slave, taunting her
with it. "Give Me a number, slave."

    "Whatever would please You, Mistress," came the stock answer.

   "I'll not let you off that easily, you sly old fox. I want to hear it from
your own lips. Choose! How long will your torture last?"

    "If it would please You, Mistress, may I have twenty?"

   "A wise choice. Wise indeed! Not enough to make you give up hope, yet, still
enough for Me to have some fun. Let's make it twenty-five then, shall we?  Of
course we shal! Count for me, and thank me appropriately."

   She stepped back and took careful aim, as the switch slashed through the air
with an evil hiss and hit the slave's right nipple. A suppressed moan was
replaced by the obligatory, "one, thank You, Mistress."

   A second slash hit the same nipple and brought a quick inhale, followed by,
"two, thank You Mistress."

   Blows three through ten followed on the same nipple, cutting it and knocking
off the clamp and weight. Blows eleven through twenty were dealt likewise to the
left nipple, giving it it's equal due. The final five were delivered to both
breasts together. When she was through, the old slave hung limply from her
wrists, her legs having long given out under the strain. Blood dripped slowly
from both nipples and began to puddle on the floor at her feet, as she sobbed
quietly.

   As the woman returned to Her table, the door opened, causing Bryanne to turn
her head abruptly and see slut being brought into the room, naked. The maitre'd
lead her up on stage and then went over to the wall and began to lower a steel
frame which hung from cables on the ceiling. When he had it down to the floor,
he ordered slut to lie on her back across it. He deftly  fastened her wrists,
ankles, and head to the leather bindings built into the frame, pulling her arms
and legs wide apart, and holding her head as far back as her neck allowed it to
go.

   When he was sure he had fastened her tightly, he went back to the winch and
raised the frame and slut to until she was suspended about three feet from the
floor. Then, the maitre'd left the room.

   Bryanne tried in vain to catch slut's eye, but the position of slut's head
made eye contact impossible. Her waiter returned at that moment, and said, "I
thought we had a new one coming in."

   He walked over to slut and caressed her breasts and pussy. He gave a playful
tug on her clit ring as he unzipped his pants with his free hand. He pulled his
rock hard cock out and slowly introduced it to slut's open mouth. "Suck it," he
commanded!

   slut began to draw on the hard penis, as he drove it to the back of her
throat. He pushed as far as he could, causing mucus and spit to drool out of her
mouth and into her nose and eyes, smearing her mascara. The tempo of the thrusts
increased as she gagged on the swollen cock that banged into her tonsils.
Finally, with a loud groan, he came, shooting his sticky cum into her mouth.
"Drink it, cunt."

   Slut swallowed, licking her lips appreciatively. The waiter put his pants
together and approached Bryanne's table. "Have you found anything that tempts
you?"

   She ordered a salad and a bowl of the soup de jour, and asked for a second
glass of wine. "Please help yourself to the entertainment. They're here for your
amusement, miss."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE
By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 21

   After the waiter had left, Bryanne stood and slowly made her way to slut's
bondage frame. She stood still, staring at the naked slave, opened for all to
see. "Have her give you a rim," the Mistress called out to her. "I'm told she
has a talented tongue!"

   Bryanne didn't move for a moment, and then slut said, "Please let me eat your
asshole."

   Stunned, Bryanne lifted her little girl's skirt and straddled slut's face, so
that her pussy rested on slut's chin, and her tight pink bud was above slut's
mouth. A shudder passed through her when she felt the soft wet tongue probe the
tight hole. Slowly and relentlessly, the tongue pushed it's way into the musty
opening. Bryanne found herself pushing down with her hips, trying to force the
tongue further up her ass. She began to moan softly from the newly discovered
pleasure, and closed her eyes, so she didn't see the man come up on stage. Until
he was right beside her.

   "Take off your clothes. Little girl, so we can watch you both in action."

   Bryanne blushed a deep crimson, but took off the buttonless blouse. slut
never slowed the probing tongue, as the wrap around skirt fell to the floor.
"My, Ilsa was right," the man commented. "She really looks like a pre-teen!"

   "Play with your pussy, little girl," the mistress ordered, walking up to join
them. Embarrassed , Bryanne did as she was told. She couldn't believe how wet
she was, and she wasn't sure whether it was from what slut was doing to her, or
the humiliation of being naked and playing with herself in front of complete
strangers.

   A few short minutes passed, and she began to cry out as the shudders quaked
through her. slut didn't stop tonguing her until the man helped Bryanne off her
face. "Open my pants," he commanded Bryanne. She unzipped the trousers, reached
in, and gently pulled out his thick cock. "Open your mouth," he said to slut. "I
need to piss." slut opened her mouth as the hot stream sprayed into her throat.
Slut gulped as fast as she could, but wasn't able to keep up with the force of
the stream, as it overflowed her mouth and splashed to the floor.

   When he was through, the man dangled his cock in slut's face and said, "beg
me for it, cunt!"

   "Please sir, may I have your cock?"

   "Keep begging!"

   "Pleas sir, may I have your cock?" Please sir, may I have your cock?" Please
sir, mmmmmph uuuugh aaaaaggggghhh uuuurrr ooooog," she gagged as the soft meat
slowly filled her mouth. slut could feel it stiffen and grow as he held it in
place on her tongue, his huge ball sac drooping over her nose, making breathing
difficult. Her mouth was forced open farther as the cock grew longer and wider
with each passing second. slut could feel it invading the furthest reaches of
her throat, and she fought hard against the natural gag reflex.

   The Mistress walked around slut, pulling the flogger off her belt as she
walked. "If Master Robert feels any teeth, slut, you will regret that you are
alive, mark My words," she threatened!" Then, she took her position between
slut's wide-stretched legs and began to rhythmically assault the inside of her
thighs and pussy with the leather flogger. One blow to the open cunt, then one
to the left thigh, and one to the right thigh, followed by an upper cut to the
splayed asshole. The cycle continued, with slut struggling for air around the
hard cock, working hard to keep her mouth open as wide as she could, and her
teeth away from the sensitive organ. Finally, he began to fuck her mouth, slowly
withdrawing the cock, then ramming it as fast and deep as he could, using it
like a weapon assaulting her throat.

   Tears streamed from her eyes and down her cheeks from the burning pain
between her legs and the suffocating thrusts in her mouth. Bryanne looked on in
shock, he mouth wide in an unbelieving stare.

    Suddenly, the mistress stopped and commanded,  "get over her between my legs
and service Me, Bryanne. Put yourself to so use."

   Bryanne crawled between the Dom's legs, her back to slut's crotch, and began
to lick the haiury slit. The Mistress resumed her whipping again, but added two
slashes to Bryanne's shoulder blades in the cycle. Bryanne jumped with a
startled yelp when the first one caught her, but was able to keep her face
buried in the thick dark curls, her tongue busy pleasuring the Mistress' huge
clit.

   Bryanne had her eyes closed the whole time, but she was concentrating on how
huge the clit was, thinking, 'it's as big as a small cock.'

   "Suck my clit, Bryanne," she was ordered.

   The man came in slut's throat with a loud groan, but the Mistress kept up the
pace of her whipping. Suddenly. She too groaned, and white milky cum spurted out
of the shriveled cock the tranny dom had in Bryanne's mouth. Bryanne tried to
pull away from the cum, not knowing what could be coming out of the woman's
clit, but the Mistress grabbed her by the hair and held her face to the soft
cock until she stopped cumming.

   "What's the matter, bitch? Never sucked a cock before," the shemale asked?

   Bryanne was far too startled to reply, and her hesitancy got her two quick
slaps to the face. "Haughty cunt! Think you're better than me 'cuz you've got a
box? Shit! My tits are bigger than yours!" And saying that, she bent down and
pinched Bryanne's tender nipples hard, yanking her to her feet by the tiny orbs.
"I'll teach you some respect. Robert, undo slut from the frame. I want to see
this one hanging from her wrists."

   "Sure, Alexis. Give me a minute," Robert replied. He got up and lowered the
winch for the frame. Then he set about releasing slut from her bondage. "Do you
want me to  hang her for you?"

   "Please, Robert. I want to watch her expressions changed as she is raised off
the floor."

   Robert put a sturdy set of wrist cuffs on Bryanne's delicate little wrists
and attached them to a bar on a cable. When he was satisfied that all was
secure, he went over to the controls and started the winch. Bryanne immediately
felt the slack being taken from her bonds as her arms were pulled above her
head. Then her body grew taut, her feet pulled to tip-toes, and then finally,
she swung free. Robert stopped the winch when she was a good foot off the
ground.

   "slut," Alexis ordered, "whip her breasts for Me. I want them marked but
good>"

   "Yes, ma'am," slut answered, taking the flogger Alexis offered. It was the
same one that had been used on slut's cunt, and it was still wet with pussy
juice and sweat. Without warning, she began to rain a harsh series of blows to
the flat chested girl. Bryanne was screaming and begging for mercy after the
first lash tore through her, but slut paid her no heed, waiting only for the
command from Alexis to stop.

   Bryanne was thrashing about wildly, making for a hard target. "Robert, hold
her steady please. It's those little tits I want to punish."

   Robert grabbed Bryanne's slender hips from behind and kept her from dodging
the blows, as slut maintained the cruel pace. After what seemed an eternity,
Alexis ordered, "stop!"

   slut was panting from the exertion and Bryanne was wailing freely. Her little
girl's body dripping in sweat and her breasts beaten into a maze of reds and
purples. "Thank Me, bitch!"

   Bryanne had all she could do to control her breathing, but she was able to
muster out a tearful, "th....th....ank....you,.....ma'am."

   "That's more like it. Be assured that I will be telling Ilsa of your
repugnant attutude. I'm sure She will give you some instructions in manners.
Robert, please take her down. They can both leave. I've had enough."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 22

BRYANNE'S HIDDEN TALENT


   slut and Bryanne arrived back at Mistress Ilsa's townhouse in time to see Tom
and Elaine getting out of their dark green Chrysler Town and Country mini van,
which they had parked in front of the stoop.

   "slut," Elaine called out, "did you stop at the tack shop for my package?"

   "Yes, Elaine, i have it right here."

   "Great! I can't wait to see you modeling those things. Bring it on."

   Ilsa greeted Her fiends and the two slaves at the door, and waited while slut
removed her cape, so that she would enter the house naked, carrying Elaine's
parcel. Bryanne was unsure of what was expected of her, so she stayed to the
side of the room as they all entered the parlor.

   "Bryanne," Ilsa called, let Me see your new look. Peter was so excited when
he called to tell Me about your transformation."

   Bryanne walked over and stood before Mistress Ilsa. "Turn around slowly for
Me, Bryanne."

   The slave did as she was told, as Ilsa remarked, "Peter was correct in his
assessment. You look like an eleven year old at best. What do you think,
Elaine?"

   "It's truly amazing. You'd better make sure she has her driver's license with
her, or you might get arrested for statutory rape," Elaine laughed.

   Tom joined into the laughter, adding,  "She really is tempting, Ilsa."

 "So take her, Tom. Elaine wants to discuss her plans for slut this weekend
anyway. Do you want to use My dungeon?"

   "Sure, Ilsa. Thanks.

   "Follow me, Bryanne," Tom ordered, as he led her to the stairs.

   "So Elaine, tell Me what you have in mind for slut," Ilsa asked.

   "Well, as I was telling You on the phone yesterday, there is an open show
this weekend down in Maryland. Ponies, cows, draft horses, and dog slaves. It
isn't strictly for points, but it certainly will give her some needed practice
in front of judges."

   "Do you have any specific events in mind for her," Ilsa asked?

  "I was thinking dressage, of course. And probably steeplechase, she certainly
has the legs for it. I might try a bit of draft horse with her, just to see how
she stands up to the weight. I really would like to try her in different events
before we decide where her specialty areas will be."

   "That sounds fine with Me. When did you want to take her?"

   "We should leave Friday morning so I'll have time to prepare her before
Saturday's events. How about if I pick her up Thursday evening. she can spend
the night with Tom and me, then we'll leave early in the morning. I'll have her
back up here sometime Sunday night. Probably around ten or so, if that's alright
with You."

   "That sounds fine, Elaine. I need some time to work with Bryanne alone
anyway, and I hate to see slut's talents sitting idle. Let's do that."

   slut stood by listening to the conversation and the plans the two women were
making for her, and yet she was left completely out of the discussion. she knew,
however, that these decisions were Ilsa's alone, and that Her needs were all
that mattered. "slut," Elaine repeated, snapping the slave from her daydream,
"give me the package from the tack shop. I want you to model your new outfit for
your Mistress."

   "Yes, ma'am," slut replied, handing the box to Elaine.

   Elaine opened the box and removed the packing paper. She pulled out a
beautiful black rabbit leather single glove, and said, "Turn around slut, and
put your arms behind your back." slut obeyed the command, and Elaine slid the
glove over the two arms together, strapping it over the shoulders and under the
breasts. Then she took a lacy red and black boned corset out and began lacing it
on slut's torso.

   "Wait til You see what she looks like with an eighteen inch waist, Ilsa.
It'll make her tits look huge, while her abdomen looks as fragile as a wasp."
slut noticed how difficult it was becoming to breath more than shallow breaths
as she felt the stiff corset constrict her waist. "Bend over, slut," Elaine
ordered.

   "Have You ever seen a tail as lovely as this one, Ilsa? It's real horsehair,
22 inches long, and has an satiny red hue under certain lighting conditions."
Saying this, she began pressing the thick butt plug into slut's tight dry ass.

   "Oooh," slut moaned, as the pressure grew and grew, until the plug finally
slid into her rectum.

   "Stand up straight now, slut, and turn so Mistress can see your proud tail."
Slut stood and turned slowly, quite aware of the delicate swish of the horsehair
on her legs, reaching almost to mid-calf.

   "Elaine, I absolutely adore that corset. It makes her pubis and breasts so
prominent. Is there headgear as well?"

    "Yes, Ilsa. I'll put that on her next."

   Elaine took a lovely rabbit skin bridle with sterling silver hardware out of
the box. "Open wide, slut," she commanded. Slut could feel the cold metal push
across her teeth, stretching her cheeks back in an obscene smile.

   When the buckles were fastened, Elaine attached the headgear, complete with
black ostrich plumes that stood straight up from the sides of slut's face at her
temples. Stepping back, Elaine handed the reins to Ilsa and said, "I think she's
perfect."

   "I couldn't agree more, Elaine. The effect it stunning. Did you get boots as
well?"

   "Yes. Tom brought them back from San Francisco for us. I have them here in
this bag.

   Elaine took the bag, and handing it to slut, said, "Lace these up and then
show us your step."

    slut took the bag, reached in, and pulled out a pair of black patent leather
boots that would lace up to just below her knees. The soles were four- inch
platforms shaped exactly like a horse's hoof, with real horse shoes nailed into
the bottoms. The pencil thin spiked heels were ten inches high. she sat down on
a chair to put the boots on, paying particular attention to lacing them snuggly
to give her ankles as much support as she could get. As she stood up, she
immediately felt the pulling in the backs of her calves from the extreme height
of the heels. slut now towered over Elaine, and thought to herself, ' i must be
at least six feet tall!'

   "How's that, Ilsa? Look at her! she's way over six foot tall, don't You
think?"

   "I think you're right, Elaine. Look at the backs of her legs straining from
the effort to keep her balance. It's beautiful. I love it. And, once again, I
have to admit that I think you're right regarding the breast bars. Although it
will have to wait until after this weekend is over."

   "Definitely, Ilsa. she'd be in no condition for the show if we have that done
now. But I am thrilled to hear You say You agree. The effect will be unequalled.
I only know of two or three slaves who have undergone the bars, and they haven't
got half the presence of slut. I'll arrange it after we get back. You will want
to watch, won't You?"

   "I wouldn't miss it, Elaine. I've never seen it done."

   Just then, the intercom rang. It was Tom calling from the basement dungeon.
"Elaine,....Ilsa, if you two aren't too busy, I'd like you to come down here and
see what I've discovered. I think you'll be surprised."

   "We'll be right down, Tom," Elaine answered.

   "slut, practice your step and prancing. you can show off to us when we get
back."

   "Yes, Ma'am,"slut answered, as the two women left her alone. her mind began
to race, trying to fathom what 'breast bars' were and why she wouldn't be in any
condition for the weekend if she were to get them now.

   Ilsa and Elaine descended the stairs, listening to the
'clop-clip....clop-clip....of slut's horseshoes on the hard wood floor. They
walked along the dimly lit corridor leading to Ilsa's dungeon. Ilsa stood back
and allowed Elaine to push the massive oaken door open for her, and entered the
chamber. Bryanne was till dressed in her child-like outfit, but Tom had bent her
over a railing and locked her hands and feet together into the stocks, so her
ass and cunt were the only parts of her to be seen.

   "She's a natural, Ilsa. I've only been at this five minutes or so, and she
can take both hands. Watch!"

   Tom made a fist with his right hand and pushed it into Bryanne's cunt in one
quick thrust, burying it to the wrist. He then shoved his left fist up her ass,
pushing harder and slower to overcome the increased resistance, until that hand
disappeared up the canal to the wrist as well. As Bryanne moaned, Tom started
twisting both hands around while pulling them in and out until he has
established a rhythm. "Now watch this," he said, pulling the hand from her ass.
He then pushed it into her cunt so that both hands were were in her hole at the
same time, twisting and pulling them both in and out.

   Suddenly, he pulled them both out, and posed them at the tight assbud.
"Ready, Bryanne?"

   "Yes, Sir."

   "Then beg me for it, bitch!"

    Oh please, Sir. Fist my ass. Use both hands, Sir. Please......I beg you."

    Without warning, Tom forced both hands into her ass at the same time, going
past his wrists before pausing. Bryanne was drooling. Tears streaking her
mascara, as Tom began to fuck her ass with both of his hands, pulling them all
the way out, then slamming them back up. "I want to get to the elbows with you,
bitch. But we'll let it go with this for today.

   "What do you guys think," Tom asked Ilsa and Elaine?

   "Quite impressive, Tom, "Ilsa remarked. "Maybe we can work her up to wine
bottles and bowling pins.

   "Bryanne, has your Master ever fisted you before?"

   "No, Mistress. This is my first time."

   "Amazing," Elaine commented. "I've never seen anyone take to it so quickly.!"

   "We can stretch her out as much as We wish," Ilsa stated. "I know her Master
would like to see whatever improvements I care to make in her."

   "I'm going to introduce her to the inflatable now," Tom said. I'd like to
work her up to taking my feet. That would be a sight to see, especially in this
school girl outfit."

   Tom left for a moment and returned with a thick, black rubber, inflatable
butt plug. Slipping it into Bryanne, he said, "You are to wear this for the rest
of the evening. Later, I will remove it and you may take care of your toilet
needs. You will be sleeping with it up your ass tonight. That should loosen you
up some."

   Tom pumped the bulb, filling the plug with air, as he listened to the moans
from Bryanne. "That should be enough for now. I suspect I'll have her acclimated
to this size in a day or two. Then we'll go bigger.

   "Elaine,.....lift My skirt."

   "Yes, Mistress," Elaine answered, as Ilsa straddled Bryanne's head. Within
seconds, the golden stream began to flow, running through Bryanne's hair,
streaming down her face and splashing to the floor. Tom unzipped his pants, and
pulling out his cock, released himself on Bryanne's ass and cunt. When they had
both emptied themselves, Bryanne's hair was soaked, and a large puddle of urine
was on the floor underneath her, mere inches from the slave's face.

   "You may stare at that and enjoy the fragrance, Bryanne.

   "Tom, leave her for a while. Let's all go upstairs and have a glass of wine
before dinner." So the three of them left Bryanne bound and bent over in the
stocks. Her ass stuffed with the plug, and the rapidly cooling urine in her hair
and face.




NICOLE: A JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By: Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 23

slut  Receives her bars


   It had been six weeks since slut had made the trip to Maryland with Elaine.
she had been entered in a number of different events, including: dressage,
steeplechase, drafty horse and sulky races. Both Ilsa and Elaine were in total
agreement that her areas of specialty would be dressage and racing, because of
her long lean legs, and the wonderful taper the boots gave them.

   Bryanne had moved back with her Master two weeks ago, so the townhouse was
empty, except for Ilsa, slut, and Ilsa's maid and cook. They had all made the
trip up to the country house for one weekend, but otherwise, they had all fallen
into a relaxed routine. Ilsa had occasional dinner guests, and slut was always
turned over to them for their pleasure. Sometimes, however, she just stood naked
in the room while they ate.

   In the back of slut's mind had been the persistent and nagging questions
relating to the breast bars that Ilsa and Elaine had discussed before the
Maryland trip. No further mention of it had been made. In fact, Elaine had not
been by since she dropped slut off after the trip. slut was fearful as to
whether she could ask about the bars, so she tried very hard not to let her mind
roam freely over the topic.

   One morning, at breakfast, while Ilsa was enjoying her meal and the daily
newspaper, and slut was under the dining room table, performing her daily
ministrations to he Mistress, Ilsa announced, " I have something to tell you,
slut."

   slut remained as she was, worshipping the delicate folds of Ilsa's divine
pussy, and waited for the announcement.

    "Today, you are to be fitted with your breast bars. I am terribly excited
about this, as I have never seen the procedure performed before. you will look
quite startling when it is over. I know that you will turn heads wherever you
are, especially at the competitions."

    Slut was trembling slightly, but didn't break the rhythm of her adoring
tongue. "I know you're nervous, slave," Ilsa continued, "and, quite honestly,
you have good reason to be so. Do be aware that every precaution will be taken
to make it as fast as possible, and to ward off the chance of infection.

   "When you have completely your morning devotional,  instead of going to the
dungeon for your usual flogging,  you may retire to the guest bedroom, and take
a rest. Please be bathed and ready to leave at 1:00. Your appointment is for
2:30, and I do not wish to keep the surgeon waiting"

    "Yes, Mistress," slut whispered, as she sucked the swollen clitoris between
her lips.

   After Ilsa came with a loud scream, slut crawled out of the kitchen and up
the stairs to the guest room. But sleep, she knew, would elude her.

   Unable to sleep, due to her extreme nervousness, slut tried to read, but
couldn't focus for more than a sentence or two. So, at 11:30, she began to
prepare herself as per her Mistress' direction. she took a leisurely bath, in a
tub liberally laced with sweet smelling oils. She shaved her head, armpits,
belly, ass and legs slowly and with caution as she didn't want any nicks from
the new razor. She patted herself dry, and applied her perfume three times,
allowing each application to dry thoroughly before applying the next one. At
exactly 1:00, she descended the stairs and found Mistress Ilsa waiting for her
in the living room.

   "Come in her, slut," Mistress called to her.

   slut walked into the living room and knelt before her Mistress, head bowed,
arms folded behind her back, hands clutching her elbows, legs spread, mouth
open, and her eyes closed.

   "I want to give you the opportunity to accept the bars I wish to have placed
in your breasts, slut. I know you haven't seen them and have no really good idea
of what they are, or how they will be inserted into your breasts. But that is
how I want it to be. I want for you to accept them solely because it is what I
want. Am I making myself clear to you, slut?"

   "Yes, Mistress. i understand what it is that You desire. Please, i beseech
you, do with me as it pleases You. For i have no other needs than to make You
happy. I accept with humility and pride the bars You wish to place in my
breasts, for they are Yours to do with as You wish. i am thankful and ever
grateful for being allowed to have them, and will show them off with great pride
as a symbol of Your ownership of me."

    "Thank you, slut. you have become a faithful servant and slave. whore was
right about you, and Sir Campbell, I am sorry to say, was not.

   "Very well, the. Please stand, and leave your cape and heels here. I want you
to leave my home naked. We're going to take my car to the doctor's office, and
it's in the garage. It's just a short drive. There will be some forms you must
sign when we arrive, and then his nurse will do the prep work on you before he
inserts the bars. I will be with you when he does the procedure."

   The two women walked to the basement garage, and got in the car. Slut was
shocked to see Mistress drive, after she had gotten into the back seat. True to
her word, the drive was a quick one up Park Avenue to the east 80's and then
east to Lexington Avenue, where they pulled into the garage under the building.

   They got out of the car and walked over to the elevator. Ilsa pushed the
button for the fifth floor. As the doors closed, sending the car upwards to
slut's fate, Ilsa suddenly grabbed the slave girl's arm and pinned her to the
wall with a deep and violent kiss. Her tongue probed the back of slut's mouth.
She did not break the embrace until the bell rang, signally that they had
reached their floor.

   They walked into the empty waiting room and over to the nurse's desk. An
older woman, around 65 slut guessed, looked up from her computer screen and
said, "Is this Your slave, Ilsa?"

   "Yes, Marjorie, it is. We have a 2:30 appointment with Dr. Peters for those
breast rings."

   "Of course, Ilsa. Why don't You help Yourself to some coffee and I will tell
Dr. Peters You have arrived. What is Your slave's name?"

   "she is called slut. She no longer has a name, just a description."

    "That's fine, Ilsa, but she will need to use here legal name on the consent
forms." And then, as if finally recognizing that the naked girl was there,
Marjorie faced her and said, "Follow me into the prep room slut. I have some
forms you must sign, and then I will get you ready for your surgery."

   Marjory stood and held open a door, indicating slut to proceed her. "Third
door on your right, dear," she said, guiding slut into a small office. "Take a
seat and I will explain what it is I need you to sign."

   Slut sat in front of a small desk that had a small array of medical testing
equipment on it. Marjory slid a form across the desk to her, and handed slut a
pen. "This is a consent form, slut, saying that you give Dr. Peters permission
to perform the procedure. It states that you understand what he is going to do,
and that you wish for him to insert the bars into your breasts."

   slut signed the form without so much as reading it, almost insulted at having
to do it. After all, why was she her in the first place?

   When that formality was through, Marjory place a blood pressure cuff on her
arm and check her pulse and pressure. She then had her get on a scale to check
her weight. "Everything looks normal, slut. We can start your prep now. Follow
me, please."

   Marjorie lead the slave through a door behind the desk into an examination
room. "Please get up on the table, and lie down on your back."

   slut did as she was told. Marjory took out a pair of latex gloves and pulled
them over her hands. She then took a soapy solution and washed slut's entire
chest. She dried her off and repeated the washing. When that was done, she took
a bottle of betadyne solution, and liberally painted slut's chest from her neck
to her navel. "I hope you know that what you are about to have done should only
be done under anesthesia. Mistress Ilsa, however, wishes for you to experience
the procedure fully, and give Her the gift of your pain. She also wants you to
be revived if you pass out from the pain."

   Marjory paused, and uncomfortable waited for a reaction from slut. Getting
none, she added, "I just thought you should know."

   "Thank you, ma'am. But if this is what Mistress wishes, then it is my place
to obey."

   "Alright then, let's get you ready for the doctor."

   Marjory reached over slut and pulled a webbed belt over her hips. Pulling it
through a ring on her side of the table, she snugged it up as tight as she
could. This was repeated with straps at the shoulders, waist, thighs, and
calves. When she had finished this, Marjory placed padded wrist and ankle cuffs
on the prostrate slave and tied her feet anfd hands down at the sides of the
gurney.

   Stepping back to check her handiwork, Marjory said, "All set, slut. Let's fit
you with your new rings!"

   Marjory pushed a button on the wall, and a wide door opened that led to the
operating room. The nurse pushed slut'' gurney into the brightly lit room.
Turning her head to the side, slut could see Mistress Ilsa talking to a man
dressed in a surgical gown, whom she guessed was Dr. Peters.

   "She's all prepped for you, doctor," Marjory said.

   "Thank you, Marjory. Please get into a gown. I want you to assist me, since
we're not going to use anesthesia."

   "Certainly, doctor. I'll be right with you," Marjory answered, s she went to
get dressed.

   "Would you like to sample her skills, Dr. Peters," Ilsa asked?

   "Normally I wouldn't hesitate, Ilsa, but I think I should decline right now.
I want to be able to think clearly while we operate, and that would make it a
little too hard to do. I will take a rain check though, if You don't mind."

   "Of course, Alan, whenever you'd like."

   Marjory came back into the room dressed in her greens. "I'm ready doctor, she
said.

   "Thank you, Marjory, We'll get started right away. Ilsa, would You be so kind
as to put on a mask, and then stand over at the head of the table. You'll be out
of our way there, and it should afford You an excellent view."

   "Thank you, Alan," Ilsa relied, taking the mask Marjory handed her.

   "Marjory," Dr. Peters said, "Ilsa has picked that set of inch and a half bars
that are wrapped in the sterile towel. She wants the one long bar through both
breasts instead of two separate ones. The standard "U" will fit on her breasts
fine.

   "Clamp her breast and extend it as far as you can."

   "Yes, doctor Marjory answered."

   She took a wide clamp with a heavy spring in her right hand, and with her
left hand, she pinched slut's right nipple behind the areola. She put the clamp
on the entire mound as slut moaned loudly. Marjory attached a wire to the clamp
and threaded it through a pulley that hung from the ceiling. Then she pulled on
the wire, causing slut's breasts to stand straight up away from her chest.

   "Pull it tighter, Marjory. I want to pierce her breast closer to the rib
cage."

   The nurse bore down with all her weight as slut yelled in pain. Then with a
blinding flash, Dr Peters skewered her breast straight through in one quick jab.
Slut wrenched in her bonds, screaming uncontrollably.

   "Let go of the wire, nurse, and get some suction here."

   When Marjory had mopped up most of the blood, Dr. Peters had her repeat the
clamping procedure on the left breast.

   "This one is a bit trickier, Ilsa," he said without looking up. "We want it
to be in a straight like with the first one and be the same depth."

   Slut was moaning constantly, adrift in her world of pain, oblivious to the
tight clamp that now bit viscously into her left areola.

   When Marjory had pulled the wire as tight as she could, Dr. Peters slid the
skewer up against the left breast, carefully aligning it with the first.
Satisfied that it was where he wanted it, Peters ran it through the left breast
slowly, making sure the skewer stayed straight.

   It took a good five seconds to push it out the other side of her breast. Slut
had passed out in a wash of tears and screams.

    "The holes are ready, do You want her awake for the bar and hardware Ilsa?"

   "By all means, Alan. she must be awake to fully give me her gift of pain."

    Marjory revived the slave with smelling salts while Dr. Peters readied the
bar.

   "Grab the skewer, nurse, and pull it through slowly, while I follow it
through with the bar."
  
   "Yes, doctor," Marjory answered.

   When Peters was ready, Marjory slowly pulled the skewer through the inch and
a half hole in slut's right breast, while Dr. Peters pushed the stainless steel
bar through the first leg of the U and then after it. When the bar came through
the breast, he slid it through the second half of the U  and into a leg of the U
for the left breast. When he was done, Marjory began pulling the skewer through
the left breast, followed by the bar.

   When the skewer was out, Peters slid the bar through the other end of the U.

   "Did you pick out a pair of end caps, Ilsa," Peters asked?

   "Yes, Alan, I have. Use the Large ball caps please."

    Dr. Peter screwed the three inch ball caps into the threaded ends of the
bar. Then he turned to the nurse and said, clean her up and bring her to us in
my office please."

    "Surely doctor," Marjory answered.

   She set about gently dabbing at the blood and betadine from slut's chest,
while slut lay still in  her throbbing pain.

   After fifteen minutes, Marjory had the patient as clean as she could be, so
she undid the straps and helped her off the table.

   "You must keep these clean, nicole," she admonished her. It is very easy for
infections in holes this big. Bacitracin four times a day, no showers for at
least two weeks, sponge baths only. It must not get wet."

   "Thank you, ma'am," slut whispered weakly, as Marjory lead her to the office.

   Ilsa stood immediately as slut entered the room. "They're incredible, Alan,"
She exclaimed. "Magnificent! I've never seen anything like it."

   "Yes, Ilsa, I agree. The Large balls at the end really accent them too,
although she'll probably need a bit of time getting used to sleeping with them.

   "Remember now, follow Marjory's aftercare to the letter, and no pulling or
tugging on them until I clear it. Bring her back to me in five days so I can
check the healing."

    "Do you have anything to add, slut," Ilsa asked?

   Dropping to her knees, slut bent and licked Ilsa's shoe, as she repeated,
"Thank You, Mistress. Thank You, Mistress. Thank You, Mistress.




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

CHAPTER 24


THE PROTEGE


      It had been a little over four months since slut's breasts had been run
through with the thick bar. The "U" shaped hoops that hung from the bar, under
her breasts, swung out and back with every step she took. The healing process
had been a slow but steady regimen of home care and trips back to the office of
Dr. Peters, the man who had skewered her. Initially, she visited him twice each
week, and over time, it was cut back to once a week. At each visit, she would
ignore the patients lined up in the waiting room, and boldly walk past them, not
into an examination room, but right into his private office. There, she would
remove her clothes, and kneel, with her back facing the door.

   Sometimes, she would wait a few minutes, and sometimes it would be closer to
an hour before the doctor came in. Before examining her wounds, slut would undo
his trousers and suck his flaccid cock, that was entangled in a thick gangly mat
of long gray hair. He never came, or even got hard, but he seemed intent on the
act just the same. When he had had enough, usually after fifteen minutes or so,
slut would fix his pants back up, and he would examine the piercings, looking
for signs of infection and charting the progress of the healing.

   One time, before Dr. Peters came into the office, his aged secretary came in
instead. She stood before slut and said, "Dr. Peters has told me all about what
you do. I think you're an abomination!. How can you allow yourself to be treated
like this? Just look at you! What in all of God's creation is wrong with you?"

   Slut meekly replied, " i am a slave, ma'am. The personal property of Mistress
Ilsa. i am what i am for Her, because it is what She wishes. I exist for Her. To
please Her in any way She desires. I don't expect you to be able to understand
that, but it's just the way it is. You don't really have to accept it either,
but i want you to know that i am proud to be Her slave."

   The secretary paused a moment, her mouth agape, staring in awe and disbelief
at the response she had received. Then she said, "Open your mouth and leave it
open. I'm going to show you how I feel about you!"

   Slut opened her mouth as wide as she could, and watched as the woman pulled a
pack of Pall Malls out of her purse. She lit a cigarette and took a long deep
pull of smoke, the way only hardened smokers do. She savored the taste, and
nicotine hit, as she watched slut's jaw begin to quiver from the strain. When
the cigarette was all but consumed, she was racked by a harsh coughing fit, a
sure sign she was no novice to smoking. After hacking away for a minute or so,
she coughed up a big thick orange wad of phlegm from her lungs, and leaning over
slut, she slowly dripped it into the waiting mouth.

   "I want you to hold that on your tongue, bitch. Savor it. Know that I
wouldn't spit that into the gutter in the street. But you're lover than a
gutter, you're a sewer!"

   The thick stringy mass slid around on slut's tongue as she fought the impulse
to spit it out.

    "Now, chew it like a cow," she ordered!

   Slut began chewing on the wad of phlegm, making the taste even stronger than
before. Finally, the secretary said, "Now swallow it like the pig you are!"

   Slut followed the command, working hard not to retch it back up.

   "Show me your mouth. I want to make sure you ate my spit!"

   slut's mouth opened, revealing that she had, in fact swallowed it.
   "Amazing," she responded. "Now, stick out your tongue again."

   Slut stuck her tongue out, and watched as the woman brought he cigarette butt
up to it and stubbed it out.

   "You may swallow that as well, pig!"

   slut followed the command, and ate the butt.


   "I've been with Dr. Peters for over thirty-five years," she began, "and I
have never seen anything like you!" She had worked herself into such a rage that
she commenced to coughing again, and this time she spit a wad right in slut's
face.

   Summoning all her inner strength, slut scooped the slimy wad off her face
with a finger, and licked it off, and with a sly grin, she swallowed it. The
secretary slapped slut's face, left cheek, then right, in quick succession, as
hard as she could. Then, spinning on her heels, she left the office, slamming
the door behind her in disgust.

  slut's daily life in the townhouse with Mistress Ilsa had become quite tame
since the piercing had been done. her whippings had become less frequent, and
far less severs than they were before, and now were only administered on her
thighs and back. No weights or torture devices were applied to her breasts or
nipple rings, or bars.

   Ilsa had thrown a celebratory party a month after the bars had been placed.
Elaine and Tom, some friends of theirs from the pony club they belonged to, Sir
Campbell and a new pair of slaves, Dr. Peters, and a few people slut didn't know
came. slut spent the entire night of the party naked, gagged, and with her hands
cuffed behind her back. No one dared touch the bars or her breasts for fear of 
starting an infection, but many times during the evening she was closely
scrutinized under harsh lights.

   While the guests enjoyed a lavish meal, slut was on her knees, under the
table, with the order to keep everyone aroused, but making no one cum. When the
fete ended, slut was waiting at the door, and she brought each of the guests off
orally as they aid their good-byes to the Hostess.

   When Dr. Peters called and told Ilsa that the healing was complete, slut knew
that her life of leisure wouldn't last long.  He had said that weights, reins,
or whatever could gradually be introduced to the bars. He did stress, however,
that it must be gradual, for fear that the piercing itself would stretch, or
even worse, tear.

    One night, after dinner had been served, Ilsa said, out of the blue, " I
have a little surprise for you tonight, slut. Tom and Elaine will be stopping by
for a visit, and Elaine has something she'd like to share with you. I know
you'll be surprised! I shall say no more, nor will I entertain any questions.
Now, go and bathe and prepare yourself. your pony boots, fishnets, and a garter
belt will be your attire for the evening. Oh, and lock your wrist cuffs behind
your back as well."

   "Yes, Mistress," slut replied, rising from the table.

   her mind was spinning almost out of control. She hated it when Mistress said
there was to be a surprise. She was quite sure that there couldn't be too many
things left that could surprise her after all Mistress Ilsa and Sir Campbell had
put her through in the past few years.

   In what seemed like only minutes, slut heard the front door chime, and she
knew Tom and Elaine had arrived. Rather than waiting to be summoned, slut
descended the staircase and met the guests at the door. she was stunned to see
that they weren't alone. A young girl, no more than thirteen at best stood
beside them, holding Elaine's hand. She was dressed like Brittany Spears, in a
short too tight t-shirt, bare midriff, and low slung jeans that showed her bony
hips.
 
  "slut, this is my niece, Keri. She's Billy's daughter. you probably remember
him, as he was my older half-brother, and he didn't live with us growing up. He
lived with his father, we have the same mother. Keri is here because she is
learning what it means to be a sex slave. She possesses many of your qualities,
and I wanted her to see you first hand, before we begin to intensify her
training.

   Before slut could react, the young teen said, "Hello slut."

    The girl acted as if seeing a woman naked,  totally hairless, hands lock
behind her back, in thigh high leather boots shaped like horse hooves, with
pierced nipples, breasts and labia, was a normal occurrence.

   slut stood aside as the three guests came in, and pulling the door closed
with her booted foot, she followed them into the den, where they found Mistress
Ilsa waiting patiently. "Ah, Elaine and Tom, so good to see you both. And
looking at the girl, she added, " And this must be the young Keri. How are you,
my dear. I've heard many exciting things about you."

   Keri immediately fell to her knees at Ilsa's feet, her face to the floor, and
replied, "I'm fine Mistress, thank you. It is an honor to be in Your presence," 
and she kissed Her boots.

   "Elaine, she's wonderful. Her enthusiasm is so genuine it's remarkable."

   "Oh yes, Ilsa. She's progressing rapidly, but she has quite a way to go yet."
Then, turning to Keri she said, "Keri, you know better than to greet a Master or
Mistress when you're clothed. It is not proper etiquette. Also, you may never
perform formal greeting to anyone unless you have been ordered to or invited to.
Is that clear, Keri?"

   "Yes, Mistress Aunt Elaine. I'm sorry."

   "That's a good girl. Now, get up and slut will take you to the lavatory. Get
undressed and empty your bladder. slut will minister to you. And remember now,
no touching!"

   "Yes, Mistress Aunt Elaine," she answered disappointedly.

    slut led the girl to the half bath off the foyer, and stood back and watched
as the girl disrobed. Puberty was just beginning to manifest itself on the young
body. Thin spindly legs supported a body that still showed pockets of baby fat
around the neck and tummy. The breasts were small cones emanating from behind
the nipples, and the smooth hairless mons showed only a faint blonde down
covering.

   Once she was naked, Keri very matter of factly squatted on the toilet and
peed in front of slut. No signs of embarrassment showed on her face at all. Then
she stood, and placed one foot up on the sink and said, "You may clean me now,
slut."

   slut knelt between the skinny legs and lapped at the tiny pussy, tasting the
salty residue. When she had completed her task, Keri said, "Let's go back and
join the adults."

   slut felt strangely subservient to the pre-pubescent girl, so she stepped in
behind her a followed back into the den. As soon as Keri reached Mistress Ilsa,
she fell to her knees, head bowed, arms folded behind her back. slut knelt
alongside her, the only variations in position were slut's widely spread legs,
closed eyes, and open mouth. Stealing a quick glance, Keri picked up on these
subtle nuances and shifted her position to mirror the one slut had assumed.

  
She is really quite lovely, Elaine," Ilsa commented. "It's so nice to see one so
young."

   "Thank You, Ilsa. Yes, I am enjoying her youth as well.

   "What have you exposed her to?"

   "We've kept it to simple straight forward things so far, Ilsa. She has been
present to see slaves punished. She has begun her training in oral servitude,
including vaginal, penile, and anal. She seems to have a natural inclination to
toilet training. She is not allowed to touch herself for any reason. She hasn't
masturbated in the three months she's been with us. I don't even allow her to
wipe herself after the toilet. Either she has a nearby slave clean her, or she
doesn't clean at all. I want her at her peak when I give her permission to cum.
She has to learn that her pleasure is really for me, after all, and not for
her."

   "I couldn't agree more. Has she whipped anyone yet? I know you said she's
seen it done."

   "No, not yet. She hasn't handled a whip yet. She has seen two slaves beaten;
one male the other female. The male was beaten with a cat and the female with a
single tail bull- whip. Both were rather severe sessions in which blood was
spilled."

   "I'd like to see her use the crop today, if that's alright with you," Ilsa
said.

   "Of course, Ilsa. After all, who knows better than You?"

   "Keri," Ilsa commanded, "Stand so that I may see you."

   The girl rose from her position in a graceful manner, using her legs only to
propel herslf up on her feet. "Certainly, Mistress," she replied as she rose.

   Ilsa's scrutiny was flawless, surveying every inch of the porcelain smooth
skin. "Appendix scar?"

   "Yes, Mistress, when I was six."

    "That will fade even more in time. Meanwhile, I have a cream I will give to
your aunt  to take with you. It is to be applied twice a day, morning and night.
It will help it to disappear even faster. Now, turn so I may see your backside."

   She did as she was told, presenting he flat buttocks to Ilsa.

   "Bend over and spread that little pussy for me."

  Bending over,  Keri reached behind and spread the orifice as wide as she
could.

    "There certainly are a lot of differences at this age, aren't there Elaine?"

    "You notice them too, Ilsa?"

    "Of course. Who wouldn't? And it's not just the difference between a shaved
mound and a hairless one either. The labia haven't developed yet, the folds
aren't pronounced at all. So innocent looking, yet with the potential form so
much.

   "Keri, kneel," Ilsa ordered.

    As smoothly as she stood up, Keri re-assumed her kneeling position at Ilsa's
feet.

   "slut, stand and present yourself!"

    "Yes, Mistress," slut  answered, rising to her feet. she turned so that her
back was towards Ilsa, so that her Mistress could unlock her cuffs, then she
hands folded behind her   back, shoulders back, breasts thrust outward, legs
spread, head held high and mouth open.

   "Keri, sit here on the couch next to me as I present my slut slave to you."

   Keri did as she was told and sat on the couch. Her feet dangling as they
weren't long enough to reach the floor.

   "slut has undergone many changes and modifications for Me, Keri. She is an
excellent example of a slut slave. As you can see, her nipples are pierced, as
well as her labia and clitoris. I designed and did the scaring of her breast. I
allow her to have no hair anywhere on her body, because, in that way, she is
truly naked. I require My slaves to always be naked in My presence. her name is
slut, and I gave that name to her, because that is what she is. I own her. The
bar through her breasts is her newest display of My ownership of her. It was
done about four months ago. Everything she has is from Me, everything she does
is for me. Her entire existence is because of Me, isn't that trus, slut?"

   "Yes, Mistress. Thank You."
   "What are you thinking, little one," Ilsa asked Keri?

   "Mistress, You are worthy of worship, and Your slaves should always know
that. I only hope that someday I will be worthy of worshipping You as well."

   "Perhaps, my dear you will. But not now. Anyway, that wasn't what I meant. I
want to know how you feel seeing this naked slave before you? Scared, pierced,
and hairless."

   "I am jealous of her, Mistress. I want to be her. I want Mistress Aunt Elaine
and Master Tom and You to do those things to me! I want to prove to all of you
that I can be Your slave!"

   "I'm sure you do Keri. At least, now you do. But what about when you discover
boys in high school? Or later on after that? Do you really think some cute boy
will want to get serious with you if you're treated like slut is? You may
possibly be tattooed, or even branded because it was what someone else wanted.
You see, that's really what this is about; allowing someone else to have
whatever they want, however they want it, whenever and where ever they want it,
with no regard as to what you might want."

   Keri's mother and father divorced when she was less than a year old, Ilsa,"
Elaine interrupted "The last I had heard, her mother was killed in a suicide
bombing in Israel, and her father, my half-brother, has no interest in her at
all. He's re-married and has anew family. They don't want her to be a part of
it. So, her demeanor may be a bit precocious, for her age. That's one of the
reasons we're moving this along slowly. I don't want her getting into anything
that can't be reversed."

   "I see," Ilsa nodded. "In that case, we'll proceed. Let's try her out a bit
then, shall we?"

   Ilsa stood, and taking Keri by the hand said, "Let's retire to My dungeon and
have a little fun!"




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell

CHAPTER 25


KERI LEARNS THE ROPES


   When they had descended the stairs that led to Ilsa's well equipped dungeon,
Ilsa had slut set the lighting as to make it easy to see, but not so bright as
to eliminate the shadows that heightened the effects. When everything had been
prepared to Mistress Ilsa's preferences, She commanded Elaine to strap Keri to
the St. Andrew's cross.

   Tom pitched in, helping to bind the girl at the wrists, elbows, biceps,
ankles, knees and thighs, as well as the waist and neck. Elaine made a quick
check to see that the neck strap wouldn't constrict her throat and cause
problems in breathing.

   When the task was completed, Elaine announced, "She's all set, Ilsa."

   "Good. I wish to begin our session by giving her a little something to
remember for a long time. I want her to have something to think on as she
embarks on the path she says she wants to travel..

   "slut!"

   "Yes, Mistress?"

   "Take the cane and stripe her thighs, hips to knees."

   "Certainly, Mistress," slut answered.

   slut picked up a fresh piece of cane, and stood before the helpless little
girl, stroking and bending the cane while she stared into the girl's eyes,
making sure that it's suppleness and strength were obvious. slut wanted Keri to
imagine what the whip would feel like, cutting into her thin legs.

   When she had felt that she had gotten the most from her show, slut stood back
and adopted a stance that would allow for maximum force with the cane. Then,
with no warning, she brought the cane back and slashed it through the air into
Keri's left thigh about two inches from he crotch, where slut knew the skin
would be soft and most vulnerable.

   Keri screamed and flailed uselessly at her bonds, wrenching at the tight
leather straps that secured her to the cross. slut waited until she was in
control of herself, and hit her again, an inch below the first strike. Again,
the young girl cried out, writhing in pain.

   "Stop," Ilsa commanded, as slut raised the cane for another lash. "Keri, do
you wish Me to continue, or do you want to beg Me to stop?"

   "Yes, please, Mistress Ilsa. Please let slut beat me. I deserve to be
punished. I have been thinking only of how much it hurts, and not about how much
pleasure it gives You to see me hurt.

   "Please slut, please,.....hit me some more, but......please hit me harder."

   Without waiting for her Mistress to give her a command, slut slashed the cane
across the soft skinny thigh with four brutal and quick motions. Keri was not
crying uncontrollable, screaming and twisting in her bondage.

   "Give her three more, slut, but make the welts cross. I want her to be well
marked, and I want to see her bleed."

   "With pleasure, Mistress," slut smiled. Once again, slut stood before the
tortured girl, patiently waiting for the sobs to ebb. she flicked the cane a few
times until she was sure the girl was focusing on what was about to happen.
Then, she struck a diagonal blow that crossed over three of the welts on the
ravaged left thigh, and with little pause, she did the same to the right thigh.

   Blood began to seep from the left thigh, as slut watched the new welts rise.
Seeing no blood on the right thigh, slut decided to further injure the left
thigh with the final blow, and struck it again, putting all of her strength into
it.

   By now, Keri was completely out of control. Screaming, shaking, twisting her
head trashing wildly from side to side. Her voice was so hoarse that only airy
shrieks came out. She regained some degree of composure when Ilsa came up to the
cross and began to gently stroke her cheek, and cooing, "There, there, My little
one. You did quite well. Not many seasoned slaves can stand up to what you were
given. Now, don't you have something to say to Me?"

   Between her sobs, Keri managed a faint, "Thank....You.....Mistress."

     "And thank slut as well. After all, she did all the work."

   "Thank...you....slut."

   Ilsa looked at slut and ordered, "Turn around and bend over, slut."

   "Yes, Mistress," she answered, as she presented her behind as asked.

   Ilsa plunged two fingers into her ass and began twisting and probing with
increasing pressure.  She slid in a third finger, then a fourth, until, finally,
she was fisting the willing slave. slut knew what was expected, and began to
push back against the invading hand, trying to make it easier for her Mistress
to insert Her hand.

   When She had buried Her hand to the wrist, and was able to slide it all the
way in and out without resistance, She pulled Her hand out, and held the
glistening hand in front of Keri, and said, "Lick My hand clean"

   Keri meekly began to lap at the hand with light, tentative strokes of her
tongue. Ilsa saw that she wasn't taking deep breaths, and yelled, "Breath deep
through your nose, bitch! You should be grateful for all I provide you with."

   "Yes, Mistress Ilsa," Keri said, as she took longer licks, inhaling deeply
through her nose.

   When Ilsa was satisfied, she ordered Tom and Elaine to unbind the young girl,
and replace her on the cross with slut. After slut had been firmly secured to
the cross, Ilsa took Keri by the ear and said, "Watch, and Learn!"

   Ilsa handed the cane to Tom, and said, "Be My guest!"

   "Thank You, Ilsa," he said, taking the switch. "Don't mind if I do."

   Tom stared into slut's eyes, challenging her to stand up to the beating she
was about to receive. Then, he started whipping her thighs, left, right, left,
right, methodically and meticulously stripping her with all the power he could
muster. slut twisted against the tight straps, fighting to suppress the screams
that were building up as the white hot pained seared through her legs.

  After twenty strokes, a panting Tom passed the cane to Elaine, saying, "Your
turn, dear."

   Elaine took the cane and followed her husband's lead with a steady, rhythmic
series of strokes that got slut crying loudly.

   Then, she deferred the cane to Ilsa. Ilsa stood before her slave and asked,
"What would you like, slave?"

   slut's eyes met those of her Mistress, as she answered, "Please Mistress,
beat me. Show Keri what it means to be a slut slave. i beg You, show me no
mercy."

   "As you wish, slave. Let's show her what you're made of."

   That said, Ilsa raised the switch and unleashed a terribly wicked reign of
blows on the already battered legs. Blood was flowing from numerous cuts as slut
screamed and cried out, to no avail.

   Ilsa turned to Keri and asked, "What do you observe here, little slave?"

   "slut never begged You to stop, Mistress Ilsa. she never asked for mercy.

   "Very observant, little one. Very good, and why do you think she didn't beg
Me to stop?"

   "I think it's because she knows that You wanted her to take what You wanted
to give her. And that she was honored to receive it."

   "Correct again. slut knows that she may never ask anything of Me. she also
knows that whatever gifts I give her, whether they be pain, pleasure,
humiliation, or anything, she is to receive them graciously, willingly, and
gratefully. You see, My dear, slut is a true slave, and it has only been through
extensive training over a long time that she has gotten to this point."

   "Yes, Mistress. I understand. You want me to see that wanting to be a sex
slave is something that will take a lot of hard work and a lot of time."

   "Yes, Keri. That's exactly what I wanted you to see. Now, I want to show you
something else.

   "Elaine, would you be so kind as to remove slut from the cross? Tom, stand
next to me, and Keri, kneel in front of Tom."

   Everyone went about their appointed tasks. When Keri was on her knees at
Tom's feet, Ilsa said, "Keri, make Master Tom cum. And be sure to swallow every
drop, or I will put you back on the cross and show you what happens to a slave
who doesn't accept her gifts."

   "Yes, Mistress Ilsa," Keri replied, reaching for the belt buckle on Tom's
jeans.

   She pulled his rock hard cock out of his pants and slid his jeans and briefs
down to his ankles. Then, looking up into his eyes, she began sucking the rigid
cock. Tom started thrusting his hips forward, driving his cock deeper into her
mouth. By this time, Elaine had gotten slut down from the cross, and she stepped
behind Keri, holding her head and pushing it forward to meet Tom's penetrating
thrusts. This caused the young girl to gag repeatedly, but Tom kept driving into
the back of her throat, and Elaine kept pushing her head to take the cock as Tom
shot his load in her mouth. Keri swallowed it all eagerly, and then, without
being told, she licked the shaft clean.

   "She's good, Tom, don't you think," Ilsa asked?

   "My God, Ilsa! She's incredible! It felt like I was half way down her
esophagus!"

   "You probably were," Ilsa laughed.

    "slut," Ilsa commanded, lay on My desk, on your back, feet on the desk,
knees bent, and spread wide."

   "Yes, Mistress."

"Keri!"

   "Yes, Mistress Ilsa."

   I want you to make slut cum. You may do it anyway you wish. Do you think you
can do that?"

   "Of course, Mistress Ilsa," Keri answered with a confident tone. She was
positive this would be an easy way to show off to Mistress Ilsa, so she knelt
between slut's spread legs and took a moment to stare at the gaping sex, with
the rings in the labia and clitoris. Then she buried her face in the tender
flesh, licking and sucking on the hard clit. In a matter of a few minutes, she
started to fatigue, and so she reached up and probed slut's cunt and anus with
her fingers, while striving to increase the tempo of he tongue on slut's
clitoris.

   After ten minutes, she had slowed noticeably in her enthusiasm. Seeing this,
Ilsa asked,  "slut, would you like to cum?"

   "If it were to please You, Mistress, yes, please."

   "Fine. I'll tell you when you may.

   "Keri, keep sucking, and bite her clit."

   Keri bit down on the tender nub, causing a moan to emanate from slut's inner
recesses. She kept up the pressure with her teeth, even grinding them together,
almost to the point where she feared she might bite it off. Then, Ilsa spoke,
"slut, you may cum."

   No sooner had the words been spoken, then slut shuddered from head to foot in
a massive organism that lasted better than ten seconds.

   When the waves of pleasure had passed, Ilsa said, "your turn Elaine. slut,
lick her ass, and you, Keri, lick her pussy."

   "Yes, Mistress, they intoned as one.

   Elaine lifted her skirt, revealing an incredibly hairy mound, uncovered by
panties. She sat on the couch with her legs spread wide. The two slaves got down
on all fours in front of her a started in with their task. Ilsa pointed to Tom's
belt. He picked up on the hint right away, slipping the belt from the loops of
his jeans. Doubling it over, he began flogging the two prominently offered
asses.  Back and forth, one slave, then the other, the slapping of the belt a
steady cadence an accompaniment to the soft moans and cries escaping from his
wife as she was pleasured by the two tongues, driving her to an inevitable
climax.

   As her orgasm neared, Tom hit the two slaves harder with each stroke, not
letting up until Elaine pushed the two faces out of her ass and cunt.

   "Keri, slut, stand!"

   Both slaves rose to their feet. Keri watching to make sure she adopted the
same posture as slut, with her hands behind her head, legs spread, eyes closed,
and mouth open.

   "So, Elaine, what's in that little package," Ilsa queried?

   "Tom and I brought a little gift for You, Ilsa. It's a set of sterling silver
bells for slut's nipple rings, so You'll always know where she is.  

   "They sound lovely, thank you," Ilsa said as Elaine handed the package to
Her.

    Ilsa unwrapped the festive paper and opened the little jewelry box,
extracting the silver bells.

   "We had them engraved, Ilsa. Your name is on the front of each one, and
slut's is on the back, lower case of course."

   "Thank you both," She said. "Tom, would you be so kind as to put them on
her?"

   "Sure, Ilsa," Tom answered, taking the proffered bells from Ilsa's hand.

   He opened the spring clip of the first bell and slipped it into slut's nipple
ring. When it was in place, he did the second ring.

   "Prance, slut. Show Keri your step," Elaine ordered.

   slut started the practiced drill, showing off her elegantly embellished step,
the bells tinkling with each one.

   "I love them, Elaine and Tom. They're so delicate sounding."

   "We're glad You like them, Ilsa," Tom responded.

   When the novelty had faded, Ilsa asked, "So tell Me, Elaine, what are these
'Big Plans' you have for using My slave?"

   "Well, Ilsa, as You know, I grew up living next door to slut, or Nicole as
she was named then. I used to baby sit for her when she was little. In fact, my
baby sister and slut were in the same high school graduating class. Becky, my
sister, went to catholic school until she was a junior, and then she transferred
to the public high school where slut was. Anyway, they're having a class reunion
in a couple of weeks, and Becky is the chairperson for it. She mentioned it to
me and was talking about how they can't locate some of the class members. I
asked for examples, and slut was at the top of the list! By the way, Ilsa, slut
was elected best dressed!"

   They all laughed at the irony, looking at the naked slave standing before
them. Nakedness was now a constant in her life.

   "Anyway, I told beck I knew where 'nicole' was, and told her I'd get the
information to her. So, my mind stared to work, and I thought it might be fun to
have her attend the reunion. No one at home knows what she's been up to. her
parents moved to Arizona for the climate long ago. No one from the old
neighborhood is still there  I think it would be god to place her in a vanilla
environment again.

   "What do You think?"

   "Sounds marvelous. What sort of thoughts have been whirling around in your
head? I know you've given this a lot of thought."

   "You know me too well, Ilsa. I want her taken on a leash, with Keri leading
her. I have some ideas as to how she should dress too. I want that breast bar to
be obvious, but I don't want to ruin the reunion for Becky either. She's really
put a lot of time and effort into this thing.

   The party will be on a chartered boat in Boston harbor. They'll have a tour
of the old high school, attend a ceremony at the homecoming football game, with
the class officers called out on the field. They'll unveil a class gift to the
school from the alumni. Then there will be a diner dance with a DJ. I think
Becky said a few of the guys from the class that had a band when they were kids
will play as well.

   "Sounds fine, Elaine. You may borrow slut for that weekend. Do you plan on
using her or giving her to anyone?"

   "No, Ilsa. I don't want to disrupt the festivities for Becky. Just her
presence on a leash in a somewhat see-through dress should be enough."

   "Are you going?"

   "No, no, Ilsa. I was just planning on sending her to the reunion with Keri.
We'll skip the leash at the public events, where kids might be, like the
football game. But at the diner dance, she'll be on the leash with Keri keeping
her in tow. I expect she can explain what she is doing with her life herself.
Keri will fill us in on the details."

   "Then it's settled. When do you want her?"

    "Two weeks from this Friday."

   "That will be fine. I look forward to hearing about it."




NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 26


GOING HOME

   For the two weeks leading up to slut's return home for her high school class
reunion time passed at a leisurely pace. The Tuesday before she was to go,
Mistress Ilsa sent slut shopping for some clothes to wear, because all of her
vanilla outfits from her past had long ago been given to charity, and her
bondage leathers would prove a bit too extreme for the occasion.

   slut went to the Paramus mall in New Jersey, a very fashionable locale with
lots of high end stores. she spent several hours selecting different outfits she
thought would be appropriate, and that Ilsa would approve of. Over a light lunch
in the food court, slut could over hear the conversation of three soccer moms
sitting behind her. "I think she looks too healthy to be a chemo patient, I
mean, just look at her skin color," one of them commented.

   "You could be right Annie. She still has eyebrows. Don't they fall out when
you're on chemo treatments," another asked?

   "I know they fall out, Becky," the other woman said. "My oldest sister lost
hers when she had chemo and radiation and chemo five years ago, remember?"

   "So okay," Annie relented, "we've established that she's healthy, but that
doesn't explain why she's bald. And I can see she isn't wearing any bra. Her
boobs are loose in there, and she's wearing a dog collar as well!"

   "Maybe she's into that goth look like some of the kids today," Becky laughed.

   slut chuckled to herself as she listened to the whispered conversation behind
her. she thought she'd have a little fun at the ladies expense, so she picked up
her tray and dumped the trash in the bin. Then, she walked over to the table
where the three women were eating, and leaning over the table, she said, "To
answer your questions, ladies, i am a slave. i am owned by my Mistress in the
strictest sense of the word. i am naked under this dress. i have no hair on my
head, or my cunt, because Mistress prefers me that way. I have piercing in my
labia, clitoris and nipples, and a few months ago, Mistress had my breasts
skewered with a metal bar, right through both of them," and lifting her
sweatshirt, she exposed her breasts with the shining bar, the "U" fasteners and
end caps to them.

   Slut laughed aloud as the three mouths dropped in unison at the sight. "None
of you will ever be lucky enough to know what it is like to live in a woman's
true place in life, serving a greater will." And, lowering her top, slut lifted
her dress exposing her genital jewelry. Then, she dropped the hem of the dress,
and walked away.

   That night, after dinner, Ilsa asked, "Did you find some suitable clothes for
your trip, slut?"

   "i think so, yes, Mistress."

   "I wish to see them."

   "Of course, Mistress. Do you want me to bring them down to You?"

   "No. We'll go through your things after I have My coffee. Go upstairs and lay
the clothes out on my bed."

   "Yes, Mistress," slut replied, as she stood from the table.

   slut took the clothes out of the bags and neatly laid them all out on Ilsa's
bed, as instructed. Ilsa appeared at the bedroom door a few minutes later and
said, " I want to see what you are thinking of wearing at the different events,
and I want to hear your reasons for making that choice."

  Ilsa went over to the divan, and when she was comfortable, slut picked up a
pleated skirt and a light teal crew neck sweater. she held them up for her
Mistress and said, "i thought this would be good for the high school football
game Friday night. The skirt will allow me to be naked under it, and accessible
as You demand, yet it will be discrete, what with all the high school kids who
will also be at the game. The sweater is modest and will be warm in case it gets
cold. It's bulky, so the breast bars won't be obvious."

   "I like the skirt slut, and your reasons for it. It's a nice length as well,
so none of those horny teenagers will suffer raging hard-ons from it being too
short. I do not like the sweater, though. Too prudish. I want the top of your
breasts exposed, and I want balls at the end of the bars highlighted by the
tighter fit. I am sure no one at that game will have ever even imagined bars
like yours, so they will be stealing glances as they try to figure out what it
is. Do you have a tighter sweater with a different neckline?"

   "i bought a red sweater with a scoop neck, Mistress. It does fit very
tightly, though," slut replied as she held it up for Ilsa to see.

    "That's much better, slut. I know Elaine doesn't want her sister embarrassed
by your condition, but you are MY slave, whether you are here in My house, or
anywhere else, so I demand that your condition always be apparent, at least to a
trained eye. That scoop neck should show off some of your breasts, maybe even
some of the scars I cut into them. The tight knit will emphasize the balls at
the end of the bars. Maybe someone will work up the nerve to ask you about it,
or maybe not. But either way, it should make some eyes turn.

   "Now show me what you picked for the dinner on the boat."

   slut put down the sweater and picked up an dark green A-line dress, with 3/4
sleeves and a mid-calf hem, with a pair of neutral toned leather strap flat
sandals.

   "i thought this would be okay for the dinner, Mistress. It's not formal, but
it's somewhat dressy, not too casual."

    "That definitely will not do slut. There aren't going to be ant high school
kids at the dinner, except for your escort, and nothing you could do would
offend her.

   "No. I want something much bolder. More striking. I want you in a tight
skirt, mid-thigh. A button front blouse in a light material, so that it will be
immediately obvious that you wear no bra. you will not button the blouse, in
fact, I want you to remove the buttons before you leave. The sandals are too
preppy. Take your black spike heels."

   "i have a couple of leather skirts like that, Mistress.

   "Do you have any that aren't black?"

   "i have two that aren't black, Mistress. i have a cranberry one and a royal
blue one."

   "The cranberry will be fine. And what about the blouse?"

   "i picked up a light chiffon blouse, off white, see," slut asked as she held
the blouse up for Ilsa's approval. "Lacy billows down the front that would
conceal the buttons, a full sleeve and loose fitting."

    "That's much more like it! Your breast bars will be visible to even a casual
glance, especially where it passes between the breasts. That's what I want.

   "Also, you are to wear no make-up on your face. But I want you to pay special
attention to using a dark red blush on your areolas so that they stand out
through that light material. No stockings either. Bare legs, and no jewelry,
except in your piercings.

   Wednesday afternoon, Tom stopped by and dropped little Keri off to spend some
time with Ilsa and slut/ Keri was bubbling over with excitement at the prospect
of being sent away alone with slut. Ilsa invited Tom into the kitchen for coffee
and said, "Keri, take off your clothes and crawl into the kitchen on your hands
and knees. When you get in there, get up on the table and lie on your back with
your legs spread wide.

    "slut, take her clothes from her and put them in the hamper, she won't need
any clothing until you leave Friday. Then fix Tom and me some coffee and
cookies."

    "Yes, Mistress," slut answered

    Tom and Ilsa headed for the kitchen while slut watched Keri disrobe. she
couldn't help but stare at the flat bald belly and tiny budding breasts. When
Keri was naked, slut scooped up the clothes and headed for the laundry hamper,
while Keri crawled into the kitchen.

   When slut got to the kitchen to start the coffee, Keri was already on her
back on top of the table. Ilsa and Tom were sitting at the table fiddling with
Keri's nipples and waiting on their coffee.

   "Tom," Ilsa started, do you have any orders or restrictions for slut or Keri
for the weekend?"

   "I don't, Ilsa, but You know Elaine does. She wrote them out for You," he
said, as he reached into his sports coat pocket and produced an envelope, which
he handed to Ilsa.

   Ilsa opened the letter and read it quietly to Herself as slut brought them
each a cup of coffee and some sugar cookies. "Tell Elaine these rules are fine
with Me, Tom. I have qualms with any of them.

   "slut," Ilsa said, looking down at the letter. " Elaine doesn't want you to
touch Keri in any way, except after she uses the toilet. Whenever you are alone
together, you are both to be naked. Keri, you will bring slut to the brink of
orgasm every morning and night before going to sleep. But she is never to cum.
You may only do this with your mouth, no manual stimulation of any kind.

   "slut, you are not allowed to cum. you are to instruct Keri on her ways of
perfecting her oral sex techniques. Elaine expects her to be markedly better at
licking pussy when she comes home, and will hold you responsible if she isn't.

   "I think that's about it, Tom."

   Ilsa and Tom chatted for a while and then Tom left. slut cleaned up after
them while Ilsa toyed gently with Keri's clit. "Keri, Ilsa commanded, "lick me!"

   "Certainly Mistress Ilsa," the child replied, as she got off the table and
down on her knees between Ilsa's parted legs and began her ministrations.

   During dinner that night, while Ilsa and slut talked about the coming
reunion, Keri spent the time under the table going from one pussy to the other,
trying to keep both women aroused. "Are you apprehensive about going back home
slut," Ilsa aksed?

   "Frankly, yes, Mistress. I wasn't very popular in high school, so not too
many of my classmates would i call friends. Merely acquaintances really. I
wasn't asked to the Senior prom by anyone. I really didn't want to go, but my
mom talked me into it, saying i'd wish i had gone when i got older. I ended up
asking a sophomore boy i new from working at a Food Mart. i didn't get asked to
join up with any of the kids in their limos, or party vans, so my date's dad
drove us to the prom. Didn't go to any graduation parties either. We had a small
one with some of my aunts and uncles and cousins. Elaine's sister Becky stopped
over. She was nice to me when we weren't at school and around the other kids,
but when we were near the kids at school, she sort of acted like i wasn't there.

   "my parents moved out of town quite a while ago, so there aren't a lot of
people there who would remember me.

   "It's funny, i guess. i am not the slightest bit concerned about how i'll
handle my condition around these people. I really don't care what they think at
all."

    "you've come a long way slut. You've made Me proud. But I have some ground
rules of My own for you. Elaine gave you some simple ones, and they only affect
you and Keri. I have some that will be a bit trickier.

   "Keri," Ilsa called out, get out from under the table and get the package
that's on the counter in the kitchen."

   "Yes, Mistress Ilsa," Keri called out, as she crawled out.

   Keri returned with the package a few moments later and said, "Here You are,
Mistress."

   "Thank you Keri. You may have a seat next to slut. I have something to tell
you both.

   "slut," Ilsa said, kneel before me and take off your slave collar."

   Startled, slut complied without a response. Her slave collar was a source of
tremendous pride for her. A badge or medal of honor she had earned, and now
Mistress was taking it away. Did She not wish slut to be seen at the reunion
collared?

   her mind was racing as she knelt before her Mistress, head bowed. So she
heard, rather than saw Ilsa open the package.

   "Present you neck to Me."

   slut bowed her head further, a slid closer to her Mistress. Suddenly, she
felt cold steel wrap up around her throat, constricting her neck tighter than
the leather collar, and then she heard the audible click as the locking
mechanism was set.

   "Now your wrists, please."

   slut held her wrists out, palms up, offered to her Mistress and watched as
Ilsa put the stainless steel wrist cuffs on, locking them as well.

   "Get on your back and present your ankles to Me."

   slut lay back, and raised her legs up, so that her ankles were in easy reach
for Mistress,  and felt as the cold steel ankle cuffs locked on her.

   "Go see yourself in the mirror, slut. I like the steel a lot better than the
leather on you."

   Slut got up off the floor and went to the full- length mirrors in the corner
of the room, so she could see her front and sides as well. Mistress was right,
of course. The steel, while not causing as much contrast with her pale skin as
the black leather did, was much bolder, more stark, and made her slavery
unquestionable. The four cuffs and the collar all had a thick ring attached, so
that it was painfully obvious that these were not decorative adornments, but
cold  instruments of slavery. The significance of the collar might be
misunderstood at the reunion, but the wrist and ankle cuffs would make her
condition immediately apparent.

   "So tell Me what you think, slave,"

   "i have no words to show my gratitude, Mistress. To be collared by You in
steel is more than i could have ever hoped for. I will try even harder to make
You proud of me and to show You my thanks for allowing me to be Your slave."

   "You're welcome, slut. Now, I have one ground rule for you, and Keri is to be
My witness. I don't care how you explain yourself to anyone this weekend. You
can omit information, try to evade giving direct answers, ignore questions, or
try and spin your answers, but, you may not lie. you must tell the truth to any
question you receive. Keri, if she lies, You are to call me on my cell phone at
once, and I will deal with your insubordination on the spot. Am I clear in
this?"

   slut and Keri quickly answered, "Yes, Mistress."

   "Good, then let's retire to my bedroom, I wish to be worshipped."

   Friday had finally arrived. Over breakfast, Ilsa asked, slut, do you have any
questions about your trip?"

   "Well, Mistress, i'm sure this sounds a bit silly, but how am i getting home?
Where am i staying?"

   "All arranged, slave. My driver will take you and Keri to LaGuardia where
you'll take the shuttle to Logan. A Dom friend of mine will meet you when you
arrive. She has taken care  of arranging  a rental car and motel reservations
for you. I'll give you a debit card for any expenses you have, and I'll give you
some cash to carry as well. She'll tell you what to do with the car when you
come home.

   "Now the two of you had better get ready to go, the shuttles run every half
hour, but My friend will be quite unhappy with you if she has to wait long. I'll
call her when you leave here, so she has an idea when you'll get up there."

   "Come see me in the dungeon before you go>"

   "Yes, Mistress," slut answered.

    Keri quickly chimed a "Yes, Mistress, thank You," and got up from her seat.

   Their bags were packed from the night before, so basically all that needed to
be done was toilet and make-up tasks. When they were ready, they brought their
bags down to the foyer, and then headed down the stairs to the dungeon, where
they found Mistress Ilsa seated on the throne that She sits in while watching a
slave be tortured.

   "All ready to go, I see. Very nice. slut, what are you wearing under your
cape?"

   slut walked over so that she stood before her Mistress, and parted the flaps
of the red stain lined black leather cape, revealing a black corset that pushed
her breasts up and out, while constricting her waist. It ended above her mound,
and had garter tabs to which slut had affixed black back-seamed nylons, accented
by the spike heels.

   She had the bells which Elaine had given her in her nipples, her breast bars,
and stainless rings in her clitoris and labia. She had darkened her areolas with
a blush, but wore no other make-up.

   "you look lovely, slut," She said as She stood up and walked casually around
her slave, eyeing her with a most meticulous scrutiny. "I look forward to
hearing of your trip when you return. Now go!"

   "Yes Mistress, thank You," slut answered.

   Slut and Keri went down to the basement garage where Ilsa's car and driver
were waiting. They handed their suitcases to him and climbed into the back seat.

   "Keri's enthusiasm was bubbling over, "slut this is going to be so great!
This is gonna be, like awesome!

   "I can't wait to see the reaction on everyone's face, especially my Aunt. I
haven't seen her in a long time, I wonder if she'll even recognize me. Are you
nervous? I am, I'm so, like, excited I can't even think. I, like, can't wait to
get to the motel so I can eat you! It's going to be so, like so cool having you
teach me to lick pussy better."

   Keri prattled on for most of the trip to the airport, and slut allowed her
to, turning off the chatter and chalking it up to nerves. When they reached the
airport, the driver pulled up to the gate for the shuttles to Washington and
Boston, and leaning back over his seat, he said, "Here are your plane tickets,
roundtrip. I'll pop the latch on the trunk so you can get your bags."

   That was it. No comments, quick peeks at slut, nothing.

   Keri and slut got out of the car and a skycap helped them get their bags,
directing them to the security area.

   Slut hadn't flown in many years and hadn't given a thought to the security
checks she would face, until she found Keri found themselves in a line
approaching a metal detector with armed guards.

   When they got up to the metal detector, an alarm sounded.  A middle- aged
guard looked at slut briefly, and asked, "Do you have any metal objects in your
bag?"

   "No, i don't" slut answered, "but,....i do have some body piercings and
jewelry," she stammered.

   "Ear and navel," the guard asked mechanically, not even bothering to look at
slut?

   "Um, no. More then that."

   "Nose," he asked, still not looking at her."

   "No," came the reply.

   "Well, what then" he asked, now taking the time to look at slut?

   "Do i have to say? Here, with everyone around?"

   "Either here, or I pull you out of line and we go have a chat with these FBI
agents lady. Your choice."

   "Very well then. I am pierced through my nipples, my labia and clitoris. I
have a metal collar on my neck, and metal cuffs on my ankles and wrists. And i
wear a thick metal bar through both of my breasts."

   A wide smile broke out across the guard's face, and without taking his eyes
from the unbuttoned cape slut was wearing, he called, "Hey Jessie, I've got one
for you.

   "Please step out of line, Miss. This guard will help you." The guard grabbed
her upper arm, a bit tighter than slut thought necessary, and guided her over to
a door. He waited with slut, holding her arm, until a female guard with "Jesse"
on her name-plate came over.

    "She claims to have a lot of body metal, so I thought you might want to
check to see if she's ok."

   Then to slut, he said, "I'll keep your daughter with me until your done.
Don't worry about her, she'll be fine."

   Jesse said, "Please come with me, Miss," and held the door open for slut.
"Third door on your right, please."

   Slut went into the room as directed, and Jesse followed her, closing the door
behind them. "Now what seems to be the problem," Jesse asked?

   "i'm not sure, Ma'am," slut replied. "The guard asked me what parts of my
body was pierced and when I told him, he called you and pulled me out of the
line."

   "Well what say you tell me what has been done to decorate that body of
yours."

   "As i told the guard, i have pierced my nipples, labia and clitoris. I have
metal cuffs on my wrists and ankles as well as a metal collar on my neck, as you
can see. Also, i have a metal bar that runs through my breasts."

   "Well then, I'm just going to have to see this for myself to decide whether
or not you are a security risk. Please disrobe."

   "Why should i? I'm just flying up to Boston with my charge for the weekend. I
fail to see why this is necessary!"

   "I will ask one more time, and then if you don't comply, you will be
arrested, and taken to jail, where they will do much more than just look at you.
Now strip!"

   slut stood defiantly for a moment, and then reached up and untied the leather
buckled that held her cape tight to her neck. Then, in a graceful motion, she
let it slide off her shoulders, exposing her nude body to the guard.

   The look in the guard's face told slut that this was more then she had ever
seen before. "I.....I'm going to have to get my supervisor, P....Please wait
here."

   The guard left the room, locking slut in. A few minutes later, slut heard a
key turn in the lock as the door opened up. Jesse entered first, followed by two
more female guards, and a woman in a business suit.

   Slut spoke not a word as the four women eyed her from head to foot. "I'm not
going to pass judgement here," the supervisor stated, "what she does with her
body is her business. Board her, but get her on the plane first, and seat her in
the back, away from the other passengers."

   "Yes, Ms. Gandbaum," Jesse snapped.

   Gandbaum ordered the three guards out saying, "Find her daughter and meet me
at the gate."

   "Fine, Jesse answered, as they left.

   The supervisor turned and looked slut over once more, then asked," Would you
mind if I asked you a question?"

   "No, that's alright."

   "Why, pray tell have you done this to yourself?"

   "i belong to someone. Completely. Totally. Whatever She wants from me, it is
my duty to give. She owns me, in a very real and true sense of the word. She
wished for me to have these bars run through my breasts in order that i may
boldly show the world that she owns me. They will be used when i am serving as a
pony girl, pulling a cart with my Mistress at the reins."

   Gandbaum, looked at the bells dangling gently from slut's nipples and,
looking her in the eyes, asked, "May I?"

   "By all means."

   Gingerly, the woman lifted one of the bells, closely inspecting the hole
through the nipple. Then, she slid her hand along slut's breast and felt the
cold steel rod the protruded through it's side.

   "I know what you're probably thinking," slut interrupted the silence, i was
awake when that was pushed through."

   "Oh my God," the supervisor exclaimed. "I'm speechless. I'm so sorry."

   "You needn't be. I am proud to have accepted from my Mistress Her gift of
pain to me.

   "i have to catch my plane now, please"

   "Yes, yes, of course. Here," she said, handing slut her cape. "I'll escort
you around the metal detectors and take you to the plane myself."

   "Thank you," slut said, buckling the cape around her neck. And they went out,
found Keri and headed for the boarding gate.

   The New York to Boston shuttle is over almost before it begins, and slut soon
found herself looking for some way to identify Mistress' friend. It didn't take
her long, though, to spot the woman in the crowd. How could she miss her. The
woman stood at least 6 foot two, wore a black leather motorcycle jacket with
hundreds of steel studs  in it, her bright purple hair cropped tight to her
head, finger-less leather gloves and engineer boots.  Slut took Keri by the hand
and strode up to the intimidating figure.

   "you must be slut," the woman announced rather loudly. "I am Mistress Tanya.
Follow Me," she commanded, spinning on her heels and marching off.

   Slut and Keri had to quicken their pace to keep up with the Amazon, who
suddenly turned into a women's washroom. When they got inside, Tanya faced slut
and ordered, take off you cape and show Me these bars Ilsa has told Me about.

   Slut looked around nervously, and seeing they were alone in the restroom, did
as she was told, taking off the cape, and handing it to Keri.

   Tanya looked over the bars, and then grabbed the two "U" brackets from under
slut's breasts, and lifting them, gave a quick tug on them. This startled slut,
and she yelled, "Ow!"

   "What are you screaming about, bitch? I wanted to see how these things work.
I'm thinking of doing it to Myself." And as she said this, an Orthodox Jewish
woman came in with five little girls, all dressed in long black dresses. Upon
seeing the naked slut, she tried to block their view and herd them out at the
same time, but failed miserably.

   "Want to join us," Tanya called out to her? "We could have an orgy, "She
laughed after them.










NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By. Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 27

THE REUNION



&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya was still laughing as she turned and strode out of the women&#8217;s washroom at Logan Airport. Not sure what was expected of her, slut closed her cape and sped out as well, hoping the Jewish woman hadn&#8217;t yet reported the incident to anyone . They went straight to the baggage claim area and then out from the airport to short term parking. Tanya never spoke. Her long legged strides were gigantic, little Keri needing to take two steps for every one the Amazonian Dom took. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; After walking the entire length of the parking field, slut could see two cars parked together, but away from all the others. One was a bright cherry red&nbsp; Dodge Viper, and the other was a deep dark&nbsp; Tootsie Roll pop purple Corvette. Both cars were convertibles with the tops off. A man dressed all in black, a chauffeur, leaned casually against the rear quarter panel of the &#8216;Vette. He was tall, although, no taller than Tanya, and handsome to a fault. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Keys,� Tanya said, extending Her hand as She approached the chauffeur. In a liquid motion, he pulled a set if keys from his pocket and delicately placed them in Her hand. Tanya turned to slut and handed the keys to her. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �This car belongs to a client of mine, who has ever so graciously agreed to lend it to Me for the weekend. In the glove box is an envelope, which contains My home address, and both My home phone number and My cell phone number, should you have need to contact Me, which I should hope you don&#8217;t, unless of course there is a dire emergency. Otherwise, I expect to see you at My home Sunday at 11:30 for brunch. Questions?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No, Mistress Tanya. Thank You.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Uh, Mistress,� the chauffeur cautiously interrupted.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �What is it, Reggie?� she replied, clearly annoyed by his intrusion.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �You asked me to remind You about the transmission, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Ah yes, good boy!


&nbsp;&nbsp; �This car has a six speed transmission,� Tanya explained, indicating the Viper. �you may use it if you can drive a stick. The other one,� pointing to the Corvette, �has an automatic.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �Which ever You would prefer is fine, Mistress Tanya,� slut answered politely, hoping to score some points with her Mistress&#8217; friend, �i learned how to drive on a manual transmission.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya&#8217;s eyes squinted, boring through slut&#8217;s eyes. �Take the red one. It will make you all the more conspicuous, and that&#8217;s what Ilsa wishes.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; That said, Tanya strode to the passenger side of the Corvette, Reggie firmly in tow and waited only a fraction of a second for him to open Her door for Her. Reggie got back in the driver&#8217;s side, started up the big V-8 and off they sped from the parking lot, leaving slut and Keri in their wake. Keri got in the car while slut stowed their bags, then they too were off. Keri&#8217;s hand slipped unceremoniously under the cape and found slut&#8217;s wet hole. Concentrating on the clutch, brake and gas pedals, slut wasn&#8217;t able to spread her legs very wide to accommodate keri&#8217;s probing fingers, but she did separate them some. Keri was fascinated by how it always seemed to be wet. Deftly, she manipulated the folds and the erect clit while slut concentrated on keeping hold of the reins on the powerful sports car as she negotiated their way from the warren of roads that got them out of Logan. Their motel reservations were up in Glouster, north east of Boston. The weather was beautiful, so slut opted to take U.S. 1 up to the Yankee Division Highway out to their motel. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The car was certainly an attention getter. Drivers in other vehicles, pedestrians, everyone it seemed turned and looked as the throaty rumble from the exhaust pipes caught their attention. At a traffic light, three leather clad bikers pulled up on both sides of the Viper, initially to check out the car, but then drawn to the bald driver whose passenger had her hand buried between her legs. Rather than being frightened, Keri reached up and untied the cape, exposing slut&#8217;s breasts with all their hardware. The bikers all became slack jawed, until the light turned green and the Viper&#8217;s massive engine roared, brining&nbsp; them back to the here and now, left in the dust of the powerful car.

&nbsp;&nbsp; They checked into the room, and both stripped naked. Keri had slut attend to her toilet needs, and then she spent better than forty minutes teasing slut orally, bringing her near release, and then backing off several times. slut gave her verbal pointers about using her teeth, her tongue, her fingers,&nbsp; sucking the clit and labia. Keri&#8217;s skills were rough, but at the same time, innate. She was rapidly becoming an expert with her oral skills and techniques. slut even began to teach the girl the basics of analingus. Keri took to the distasteful task with enthusiasm. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; After having enjoyed a brief nap in the same bed, entwined in each other&#8217;s arms,&nbsp; they hopped into the shower together and began dressing for the tailgate party before the homecoming football game. Keri was excited to see where slut had gone to school and to meet her friends, while slut, on the other hand, was not at all eager to go back and be forced into explaining what she had done with her life. It wasn&#8217;t that she cared what her former high school friends thought of her situation, quite to the contrary, slut was looking forward to seeing their reactions first hand to her status of consensual and unconditional slavery.&nbsp; It was just that she had never really quite found her niche in those days, as she had always been on the periphery of all the various social groups, never belonging to one.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut put on the pleated skirt and the scoop neck red sweater. It was so tight as to actually be form fitting. The balls at the ends of her breast bar were plainly visible, although, as slut looked at her reflection in the mirror, she couldn&#8217;t imagine anyone having the slightest idea what the two bulges were on the outside of her breasts. The cut of the neck allowed some of the scars her Mistress had carved into her breast to show on top. Keri had donned a plain gray hoodie and warm-up pants. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; As they were just about ready to leave, they were both startled when the door to their room suddenly opened and Mistress Tanya stood framed in the doorway, clutching a leather satchel and clad from head to toe in&nbsp; rich tan suede. On top She wore an unbuttoned fringed western style jacket, very short, nothing underneath, revealing Her toned flat belly, with a clearly defined six pack. The skin tight fitting leather jeans were also fringed, with decorative conchos, and rode extremely low on her narrow hips, a minimum of three inches below Her navel.&nbsp; The jeans were tucked into a pair of matching suede boots. They were high, reaching to just below Her knees, with four inch spike heels and each was adorned with silver spurts held in place with thin chains.&nbsp; Topping off the ensemble was a cowboy hat made of the same leather with colorful feathers in the hatband.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Ladies,� Tanya said as She strode into the room and made for the bed. Setting the satchel on the unmade linens, She proceeded to unlatch it. Keri and slut stood silently and watched as Tanya removed a thick black dildo and squat stubby butt plug from the bag.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Strip, slut,� She commanded.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �As You wish, Mistress,� slut replied automatically. Naked, she knelt on the floor, hands behind her back, knees apart, and waited.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Keri,� Tanya called, never taking Her eyes from slut&#8217;s huge breast bars. Handing the butt plug over, She added,&nbsp; �Suck on this and get it ready.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Mistress,� the young girl replied, eager to see it disappear up slut&#8217;s ass. She licked and slurped the soft rubber noisily, coating in saliva. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Bend over, slave,� Tanya ordered, as She sat on the bed to watch. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; As commanded, slut bent over at the waist, her head on the carpet, her ass up, offered.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Put it up her ass, little one!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Okay,� Keri said, excited about being allowed to push the plug up slut&#8217;s proffered ass. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Prep her, first,� Tanya added, wanting to see the girl in action. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Without the least bit of hesitation, Keri knelt behind slut and shoved her face into the open crack, her tongue seeking the tightly puckered ring. Licking, probing, sucking, Keri kept at the task until Tanya told her to stop. Then she took the plug and slowly, steadily pushed it against the bud, watching with awe as slut, against human reflex, relaxed her muscles, and made the task that much easier for Keri. The hole stretched and widened as the thick taper disappeared inside the slave, buried to the hilt. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri knelt over and kissed the base of the plug. It was then that she noticed the thick metal ring which was imbedded in the bottom. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �This too, Keri,� Tanya said, tossing the dildo at her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; As Keri sucked the dildo, impressing the Domme with her skills, Tanya couldn&#8217;t take her eyes from the scene. She seemed mesmerized. Captivated. Studying each nuance throughly. Watching as Keri&#8217;s lips and tongue caressed the gleaming plastic phallus. Sucking it deeply into her small mouth, and then slowly pulling it back out, letting her tongue swish around the end, and then repeating the process anew.&nbsp; It was as if she were sucking a man off, Tanya thought to Herself, smiling. Tanya allowed this to continue far longer than necessary before turning Keri loose on slut&#8217;s cunt. It was only then that Keri buried her face in slut&#8217;s already soaking pussy and began lapping at the hole.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The dildo slid in with no effort at all. Kissing the base of the dildo as well, Keri leaned back on her haunches and looked with glee at the plastic invaders she had inserted into slut&#8217;s cunt and ass. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya tossed a thin silver chain to Keri and told her to fasten it around slut&#8217;s waist. The chain snug, Tanya got up and clipped the end of another chain to the backside of the waist chain. Draping the new chain between slut&#8217;s legs, Tanya passed it through the loops in the base of the butt plug and dildo, before clipping it to the front of the waist chain. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Stand,� Tanya commanded.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut stood, aware of her two invaded holes all the more now as the pressure increased. Tanya pulled on the chains felt the tension&nbsp; to make sure they were tight enough to prevent slut inadvertently dispelling either the plug or dildo. �You may get dressed again and go to the reunion.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� slut answered politely, reaching for her clothes. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Keri.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �You may remove the dildo and plug when you are both back here at the motel, but not before. Is that understood?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� Keri said happily.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �And I would expect you to give them both a proper and through cleaning as well,� She added.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� Keri readily agreed.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;ll expect details,� Tanya added, and then She bent over and kissed Keri on the mouth, Her tongue pushing past Keri&#8217;s taut lips, seeking the deepest recesses of Keri&#8217;s mouth. Tanya didn&#8217;t break away until She had allowed Her tongue to explore the orefice freely. Gently placing Her hand on Keri&#8217;s crotch, She cupped it, gave it a gentle squeeze, and then patted it several times. Silently, Tanya stood and walked out the door, leaving Keri and slut alone once more.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �She&#8217;s sort of scary,� Keri spoke as they drove the Viper to the football game.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, She is,� slut agreed, offering nothing by way of explanation. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Can you feel the dildo and plug?� Keri asked, turning in her seat to face slut.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, of course,� slut snapped. Then, backing off, she quickly added, �I&#8217;m sorry, Keri. I didn&#8217;t mean to yell at you. I&#8217;m just nervous about going back to school, that&#8217;s all.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, I can feel the dildo and plug, but they&#8217;re really nothing. Not even a nuisance. I&#8217;ve been made to endure much longer and thicker ones than these. Actually i hardly even paid attention to them until you brought them up.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Maybe it&#8217;s &#8216;cuz I got them so wet for you first,� Keri half joked, looking for a stronger connection.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes,� slut replied smiling knowingly. �They did slide into me easily. You did a great job getting them, and me ready. Thank you!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No problem.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri fiddled with the cd changer as slut turned off into the long drive that lead to her alma mater.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The campus was alive with a sea of teenagers all heading for the big homecoming game against their arch rivals. The red Viper stood out like is was intended to, and drew constant stares and comments as slut negotiated a parking spot for the expensive car.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Following the masses, slut and Keri found a table set up welcoming alumni.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Hi,� the overly cheerful greeter said to them as they neared the table. �I&#8217;m Patty, it&#8217;s Emerson now, but it was Greene when I was here. Do I remember you?� she asked, studying slut&#8217;s face, unable to tear her eyes from the bald head glistening in the lights from the field.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;m sl....nicole,� she caught herself. �Nicole Hastings. I.....I think maybe we might have been in Chem together, .......maybe?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh sure. I remember you. You were always so quiet. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Let me get you your packet. It&#8217;s got everything in it you need: the schedule for the weekend, where the parties are, the dinner, the reception, your name badge.........and.....that&#8217;s it.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Here it is,� Patty said, pulling a manilla envelope out of a plastic milk crate. �We&#8217;ve got almost one hundred and fifty coming from our class. Isn&#8217;t it great?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh yeah,� slut responded, trying to conceal her loathing for the bottle blonde. Patty had never even acknowledged slut&#8217;s existence when they were in Chemistry class for their junior year. It was as if slut wasn&#8217;t even in the class. Patty had a reputation as being easy, and had �dated� her way through most of the Varsity football squad.

&nbsp;&nbsp; A large section of the bleachers had been roped off, marked as reserved for the class reunion. Many people were seated there already. No one seemed to recognize slut, especially with her shiny bald head, and she wasn&#8217;t sure she could put names on anyone either, at least not without looking at the obsequious name tags. Keri and slut found an unoccupied row, and planted themselves there, surveying the goings on of the marching band and cheerleaders while everyone waited for the teams to exit the locker room and the game to begin. slut pinned her name badge onto her red sweater, shaking her head at the lame �Hello My Name Is� badge that some mouth breather at adorned with hand drawn pom poms and megaphones in the school colors.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Nicole? Nicole Hastings?� a thin female voice queried. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut turned in the direction of the voice and saw a woman looking at her from the aisle to her left and two rows in front. �It&#8217;s me, Becky.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh, yes,� slut replied, standing up and trying really hard to sound interested, �It&#8217;s me. How are you?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky came up the steps and sat down on the bench next to slut. Immediately, she clasped slut&#8217;s hands together in hers and asked, �How are you? Are you alright?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Sure, Becky,� slut assured her, unable to fathom where this deep concern was stemming from. �i&#8217;m fine. How are you?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Okay,� came the unenthusiastic response. Becky&#8217;s gaze was fixated at slut&#8217;s bald head.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Catching the uneasiness, slut added, �i did it on a dare a few months ago.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky looked at her not catching her drift.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �i mean, i shaved my head a few months ago. On a dare, you know. And, well, now i sort of like it and have kept it like this ever since.� Becky was still clearly uncomfortable, so slut quickly added, �Saves a fortune on shampoos, conditioners and salon visits!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Becky seemed to get the joke, and laughed with slut a little. �I have to get back to the group. Listen, I&#8217;m hosting a brunch tomorrow, the address is in your packet. I really would love it if you would come.� It was then that Becky noticed Keri sitting next to slut. �You can bring your daughter too! It&#8217;s be fun. We&#8217;d have so much more time to catch up, okay?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Becky,� slut answered, �I&#8217;d, we&#8217;d love to. We&#8217;ll see you then.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Great. Have a good time.� Then as she stepped off the bleachers, she added with great pep, �Hope we win tonight! Sic &#8216;em Wildcats!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut just smiled, caught up in the absurd and ridiculous difference between Becky&#8217;s life and hers.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The game got underway, slut was happy not to spot any more people she knew. Keri was content watching the gymnastics displays put on by the cheerleading squad. Just before half time, it was announced that all the visiting alumni were to assemble in the end zone so they could walk out to midfield and be recognized. slut was trying to figure a way out, when she saw a bald paunchy looking man in a cardigan sweater staring at her from the running track. Instantly she remembered him. Barry Billings, a true nebbish in the most stereotypical use of the word. Science club, radio club, A-V club....... They were in a few classes, English 10, Spanish 3, that&#8217;s all. He always wore ill fitting clothes that were soiled. His personal hygiene was practically non-existent, greasy oily hair, food caught in his braces all the time, violent looking pimples always ready to explode, bad breath, the list was endless.&nbsp; As soon as she recognized him she regretted it, because he waved frantically at her, a big grin erupting on his face. Trapped, she waved back, and he took that as a private invitation to join her in the bleachers.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Nicole? Nicole Hastings,� he called out climbing the metal steps, it&#8217;s me, Barry Billings. Remember me?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Sure I do Barry. How are you?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;m great, Nicole. Never been better really. Never been better. Have my own computer store out on the Cape, near Dennis, on the Cape.&nbsp; Really love it. Really love it.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut quickly was reminded of Barry&#8217;s&nbsp; annoying habit of repeating himself.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �And, uh, and , uh so what about you, Nicole. You all married and all, husband, kids, and all that, all that?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No, Barry. None of that actually.�


&nbsp;&nbsp; His eyes lit up like giant saucers. slut&#8217;s heart twinged when she caught the drift of what he was so �carefully� trying to elicit from her. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �C&#8217;mon then. C&#8217;mon. Let me walk you onto the field. Okay? Can I walk you on the field?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Seeing no way around it, slut gave in and agreed to allowing Barry to bring her out on the field with the rest of her class. Keri elected to stay in the stands and observe, still more interested in the cheerleaders than anything else.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �So, uh Nicole, Nicole, I have to ask. Have to ask. Are you like a Lezzie or something? A Lezzie?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No, Barry, not that it should be of any concern to you,� slut barked angrily. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �S...sorry, Nicole. Sorry. I....I didn&#8217;t mean anything, anything. I just, I just thought you&#8217;d be married up and all. I mean, you were, I mean are,.....you are still the prettiest girl in our class. Our whole class. So how come you&#8217;re not married?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I really fail to see what this has to do with you Barry,� she answered, a bit calmer in tone.

&nbsp;&nbsp; He said nothing in reply. They joined their class, walked onto the field, survived the ceremony, and then headed back to the stands for the second half. Just as they were about to climb into the bleachers, Barry asked, �So are you sick with cancer or something? Cancer? I mean, you&#8217;ve got no hair. No hair. And you always had beautiful hair. Beautiful.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; At a loss and completely fed up with this jerk, slut could think of no way around it. Taking Barry&#8217;s arm, she lead him down and around behind the bleachers. Looking all around, she saw that they were alone. At least she thought they were alone. Keri had seen them leave, and she had climbed under the stands to see what was happening.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut looked around one more time to be certain, then she grabbed the bottom of her sweater and in one swift motion, she pulled it over her head, exposing her breasts for Barry to see. His mouth sagged open when he saw the breast bars and the scars that adorned both orbs. �i&#8217;m a slave, Barry. A willing slave. i am owned by a woman in New York City. i was presented to Her, and She owns me. Completely. i only do what She wants. Anything She wants. Whenever and wherever She wants me to. Do you see the steel collar around my neck? That means i am collared, or owned by someone. There are matching steel cuffs on both of my wrists and ankles. See? There are rings set in them to make it easier to chain or tie me. Mistress insists that Her slaves have no body hair whatsoever, so that&#8217;s the reason i am bald. In fact, the only reason i am here this weekend is because she lent me to someone and they wanted me to come here. Otherwise, i never would have given this insipid reunion even the slightest cursory thought. And before you even think to ask, i am proud of my status as a slave. It is what i was born to be. Being in total servitude completes me.


&nbsp;&nbsp; �Now i think it best we part ways, again Barry. i am not what you would have me be, nor can i ever be what you want or wish me to be. In fact, my name is no longer Nicole Hastings. my owner has legally changed my name to slut, because that is what She wants me to be for Her. Nothing more than a slut and a slave. She has prostituted me to others, whipped and beaten me, exhibited me to strangers, used me as a toilet. Anything She wants, anything that makes Her happy is all i could ever want or need. i am a slut slave.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut put her sweater back on and strode purposefully back into the bleachers, where she found Keri giggling quietly. �That was great, slut. Did you see his face when he saw your breasts? Bet he&#8217;ll leave you alone now!�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �i certainly hope so,� slut agreed, exasperated. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They stayed until the end of the game, and then were able to mingle with the parents of the visiting team as they wended their way back to the Viper and the drive back to the motel.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The next morning, at 10:00, Mistress Tanya walked into the room unannounced, just in time to see slut cleaning Keri with her mouth after she had pissed in the toilet. Keri and slut were both startled as the Amazonian Domme walked right into the bathroom to watch. Neither one knew She was coming, or that She had a key to the room.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �When you two have finished, meet Me on the bed.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress Tanya,� they answered politely. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Finished with their task, they went into the room and found Tanya laying across the bed. Her choice of clothing left very little to the imagination. A fringed buckskin vest, no closures, and nothing underneath, matching micro mini skirt and thong sandals with thin leather straps that wrapped up and around to just below the knee.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Ilsa informs Me that you will be attending a brunch at Becky&#8217;s, is this correct, slut?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress. She invited me last night at the football game.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Too bad, I had some plans for the two of you today, but I guess that will have to wait until tomorrow. Nevertheless, I&#8217;m in the mood for a little entertainment. Keri, get up on the bed, on your back and spread your legs.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; The naked girl did as she was told, although a twinge of fear cramped her stomach as she opened her skinny legs, exposing her hairless little mound. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Get up on top of her, slut, ass to face.�


&nbsp;&nbsp; Following the directive, slut straddled the young girl, lowering her face into Keri&#8217;s crack, and bending her own knees, so her pussy covered Keri&#8217;s always eager mouth. Orders were not required. Keri and slut began lapping at each other with an ardor that made Mistress Tanya smile. Each took cues from the other, lapping and sucking on the pussy, and then probing deep up the musky rear opening, saliva coating their faces, both girls caught up in the sensations.




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Before leaving, Tanya made Keri bend over and spread her cheeks so She could inspect her openings. Gently, She probed both orifices, sliding one, then two fingers in each one. Satisfied, She had Keri lick Her fingers clean, and then abruptly, She left.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The directions to Becky&#8217;s house were very clear, and so slut had no trouble finding the modest raised ranch with faded light blue vinyl siding. Toys were scattered haphazardly across the yard, which was more brown grass and bare spots than an actual lawn. The Viper looked ridiculously out of place in this modest neighborhood. The massive V-10 engine rumbled menacingly as it crept down the street, drawing the eyes of all the yard rakers as it skulked past.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut parked the car a few houses away, as the spots closer to Becky&#8217;s were already filled. Stepping up on the cracked concrete stoop, Keri rang the bell. When no one answered, she assumed it to be broken, and knocked on the chipped and dented painted door.

&nbsp;&nbsp; A boy of about nine years of age answered the door, pulling it wide open. �Welcome to the Webster&#8217;s,� he recited proudly, before taking in the spectacle which stood in the doorway. �I&#8217;m Timmy,� he continued, far less enthusiastically, �Please come in.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Thank you, Timmy,� slut returned politely. �This is Keri, and i am nicole.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Everybody&#8217;s out back,� Timmy said, spinning on his heels and running off.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri and slut made their way through the neat but modest home, into the kitchen and out into the backyard, where they were greeted by about twenty people. Becky must have told everyone assembled that Nicole would be coming, because they all called out to her by name. She, on the other hand, recognized no one, with the lone exception being Becky, whom she had only spoken to the previous night. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; To say the �party� was mundane and somewhat strained would be a grotesque understatement. Almost from the instant of their arrival, slut could find nothing to say to anyone, while all the time praying to find quick and plausible answers to the questions she was sure would come. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim, a classmate who seemed to remember Nicole from Girl Scouts caught her off guard when she asked slut what she did for a living. �i........i&#8217;m a servant. In... in a household in New York,� she added hastily.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Really? Do you like it? How long have you been a servant?� Kim prodded, seemingly quite interested.


&nbsp;&nbsp; �I guess you could say it is my true calling,� slut replied, more comfortable now. �I think it is what i was always meant to be. And so yes, i would have to say i enjoy it very much, and have been doing it full time for about three or four years now.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �If you don&#8217;t mind my asking, does it pay well?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I want for nothing,� slut answered vaguely. �All my needs are quite well provided for.� Then turning the conversation around, slut added, �Have you seen my car?� She pointed over the fence between the yards at the Viper parked across the street.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim&#8217;s eyes grew wide as she took in the expensive car parked just down the street. �Wow! You must have hit the jackpot! What kinds of things do you do?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh, the usual things,&nbsp; household chores, shopping for food, arranging parties and gatherings, taking care of guests and seeing to the needs of Mistress&#8217; friends. Basically anything Mistress wants and does not wish to do Herself.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �What&#8217;s with the steel neck piece? It&#8217;s a bit harsh, don&#8217;t you think?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh this,� slut responded, fingering the collar, and flicking her wrist to draw attention to the steel cuff that encircled it. � It was a gift. A gift from my Mistress. She likes unique jewelry, and She, um, sometimes gives pieces to me.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim&#8217;s eyes fixated on the matching wrist cuffs, ans slut quickly added, �The bracelets make it a matching set. Startling, don&#8217;t you agree?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; � Uh.......yes. I guess so, although it&#8217;s not my taste, that&#8217;s for sure. And who, then, is this lovely little girl?� Kim asked, referring to Keri.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �This is Keri, and she is a ward of my Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; After about an hour of this, slut had had her fill, and using a�women&#8217;s problem� as an excuse, she and Keri left Becky&#8217;s gathering and headed back to the motel. On the way, slut&#8217;s cell phone rang. Keri answered it.

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was Tanya, explaining that the two of them were not to go to the motel, that in fact, she, Tanya had canceled their reservation there. They were both to come join Tanya at Her home, and that they would be spending the night there after the reunion dinner. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya gave Keri the address, and waited until the young girl had entered the information into the Viper&#8217;s G.P.S. Keri and slut arrived at the townhouse thirty minutes later in the exclusive Back Bay section of Boston.


&nbsp;&nbsp; The building was creme colored stucco with the entire four story facade covered in luscious&nbsp; thick green ivy. The windows and shutters were painted a glossy black.&nbsp; A nine step brownstone stoop lead up to the thick iron and glass double doors. As luck would have it (?), there was a parking spot right in front of the building. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri and slut ascended the steps and rang the door bell. A buzzer sounded, unlocking the heavy door, and allowing them entrance into a small foyer, no larger than 6' x 4'. A solid oak door, which was locked, barred entrance any further. Not sure what to do, they waited, until Tanya&#8217;s voice came over an intercom speaker, �Strip yourselves naked. No shoes, no stockings, no jewelry.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Immediately, and totally unconcerned that they were visible and easily detected through the glass door to anyone who would pass by on the sidewalk, slut and Keri got undressed, and waited, naked, for further instructions. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The door opened wide, revealing Mistress Tanya, dressed in a lacy black bra, matching garter belt, stockings, frilly panties, and four inch heels. �Do come in,� She said, making a big show of holding the door wide for them. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Heads bowed, hands behind their backs, they proceeded Tanya into a hallway. �Second door on the left ladies,� Tanya whispered. The clicking of her heels on the terra cotta tiles echoed in the tight space. Upon reaching the room, slut pushed the handle down and opened it up, revealing a throughly equipped dungeon. Tanya said nothing, preferring to let the room speak for itself: St. Andrew&#8217;s Cross, Tau Cross, stocks, winches and cables, a rack, a whipping post, countless whips, canes, floggers, shackles, cuffs, chains, ropes, gags, blindfolds,........

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Keri, please chain slut to the whipping post for Me. Use the rings in the steel cuffs on her wrists. There&#8217;s a stool in the corner which should make it easier for you to reach the ring at the tip of the post.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� Keri answered, taking slut&#8217;s hand and leading the slave to the post.&nbsp; Keri locked slut&#8217;s slender wrists together with a heavy lock. Then, after clipping a chain to the lock, Keri stepped up on the stool and pulled the chain up through the ring that sat at the top of the post, stretching slut&#8217;s arms straight up. When slut was on her tip toes, Keri locked the chain to the ring and stepped down off the stool.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya stood up gracefully and approached the post. Her right hand caressed slut&#8217;s breasts ever so gently, while Her left hand rubbed the wet slit, testing the slave for readiness. slut&#8217;s eyes closed, and she moaned as the sensations flooded through her brain. Tanya&#8217;s well trained eyes read slut&#8217;s expressions like a book, as She brought the bound slave to the brink of release, then, abruptly, She would stop, waiting while the pleasures ebbed from the aroused slave. Five or six times She brought slut near climax, only to frustrate her and draw attention to her utter helplessness. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When she tired of the game, Tanya presented Her left hand to Keri&#8217;s eager mouth for cleansing. 
 �Get the red single tail for Me, little one,� She ordered harshly, pulling Her fingers from Keri&#8217;s open mouth.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� Keri sparkled, barely able to contain her excitement at the prospect of seeing slut whipped by the Amazonian Goddess.&nbsp; Springing to her feet, Keri spotted the bright red single tail whip hanging on the wall. Taking it down, she placed it gently into Tanya&#8217;s open hand.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Both Ilsa and I want you to look your best for at the dinner tonight, slave, so She asked Me if I would please be so kind as to mark you. Harshly!

&nbsp;&nbsp; �How does that make you feel, cunt?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �It makes me proud that my Mistress would care enough to want me to receive Her marks through Your hand, Mistress Tanya. If it pleases You, Mistress, use me as You will.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Very well, slut. I intend to do just that. I am going to whip your breasts, your thighs, your belly and your ass, until you are bleeding freely. That&#8217;s why I have chosen this special whip for your flogging.� Tanya held the tip of the bullwhip up in front of slut&#8217;s face so she could look at it easily. �Do you know what it is that makes this whip so special, slave?�
 
&nbsp;&nbsp; �N....no, Mistress,� slut stuttered, looking at the instrument of torture that would soon render her bloody.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Keri, lie on the floor, spread your legs open to Me and play with yourself. Do not, little girl, even consider making yourself cum! Is that clear?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� Keri answered quickly, lying on the floor, spreading herself wide open for Tanya&#8217;s gaze. Her fingers deftly began to fondle the pale white lips at the base of the hairless mound.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �What makes this whip so special is it&#8217;s little secret right here in the tip. See it?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut looked at the tip of the single tail, but couldn&#8217;t discern anything unique in it&#8217;s appearance.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya held the tip between Her thumb and forefinger as She lightly dragged it over the skin on slut&#8217;s cheek.&nbsp; �Feel it? There&#8217;s a small strand of stainless steel wire braided into the tip. I did it Myself,� She added proudly.�It is guaranteed to draw blood with each stroke, no matter how hard they are delivered.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The realization made slut shudder, a response not lost on her tormentor. �You have every right to fear what is about to come, My pet. It may very well be one of the most severe floggings you have ever endured.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Now, ask Me properly, slave.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �If.... if&nbsp; it w.....will please You, Mistress Tanya,� slut whispered, barely audible, � p....please wh.....whip me. Please whip my br.....breasts, my thighs, belly and m.....my ass...... until i........until i bleed........ for You.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I think it would best if I gag you, cunt. I&#8217;m really not in the mood to have to listen to your screaming.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �As it pleases You, Mistress Tanya.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya selected a large bright red ball gag with a head strap. The ball was so large She had to push it hard to get it into slut&#8217;s mouth.

&nbsp;&nbsp; A vicious swish through the air was the only sound heard as the tip of the whip sliced across slut&#8217;s stomach just above her mound. A muffled shrieking scream behind the efficient gag as slut tensed all her muscles. The cut instantly raised a welt and started to seep blood.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;m not much into providing slaves with warm up strokes. I much prefer them to experience the full measure of My wrath.� Just as She said wrath, another lash cut slut across the belly, an inch higher than the first.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut twisted and turned hanging by her wrists from the chain, trying futilely to escape the fiery hell brought on by the whip, but Tanya&#8217;s rain of blows continued, landing haphazardly across the slave&#8217;s back, breasts, belly, ass and thighs. Tears streamed down slut&#8217;s face, spittle escaped from underneath the red ball in her mouth, sweat broke out all over her body, and mingled&nbsp; with the blood from dozens of pencil thin cuts in her ravaged skin. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally it was over. The spent slave hung limp from her wrists, unconscious. Keri&#8217;s right hand was a blur in her crotch as the spectacle had been the most intense she had ever witnessed. �Cum for Me, My little sweet,� Tanya commanded, and Keri exploding in the most incredible orgasm she had ever enjoyed. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When it had subsided, Keri sat up, and found Mistress Tanya standing over her, naked, with an eight inch long extremely thick erection standing up proudly from Her neatly shaved groin. A thick bar ran through the head in an Ampallang piercing. �My turn, slave,� Tanya hissed in a much deeper voice than before.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya grabbed Keri by the hair on her head and yanked her to her knees in front of Her throbbing heavily veined cock. Knowing what was expected from her, Keri folded her hands behind her back and leaned forward, letting the hard maleness push it&#8217;s way into her invitingly warm and wet mouth. Tanya didn&#8217;t move, preferring to let Keri exhibit her skills at sucking cock. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The moans from Tanya woke slut from her painful sleep, and the first thing her eyes beheld as she regained the present was the sights and sounds of Keri choking on Tanya&#8217;s big cock as She fucked the young girl&#8217;s throat. As slut hung weakly from her wrists, Tanya looked over into slut&#8217;s eyes, and with purely evil and menacing grin, She grabbed the hair on both sides of Keri&#8217;s head and began raping Keri&#8217;s throat. Spittle drooled from her chin and tears poured freely from her eyes as the massive invader rammed into the back of her throat. Twice she retched up bile and mucous, but Tanya showed no concern as She took her pleasures from the ravaged child.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally, after what seemed to be hours, Tanya groaned and shot her thick salty load into Keri&#8217;s mouth, forcing her to hold and savor the gift, before swallowing it. Spent, Taya shoved Keri to the floor and kicked her out of Her way as She walked to the post. Reaching up, She unlocked the chain, and slut fell to the floor at Tanya&#8217;s feet.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �A slight change of plans, slave. The little cunt will stay here and I will attend the reunion with you. Should be good for a lot more laughs don&#8217;t you think?� As slut looked up, she saw a thick glob of cum drip from Tanya&#8217;s now flaccid cock and fall to the floor. Tanya noticed it as well, and waited to see what slut&#8217;s reaction would be. Dutifully, she got on her hands and knees, bent over, and lapped it off the floor.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �There is a bedroom in the basement you and the little cunt can use. I&#8217;ve had your luggage placed down there. Take a nap and then get ready to leave by 6:00.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� slut said, taking Keri by the arm and helping the exhausted girl to her feet. Slowly, they descended the cellar stairs and found the modest bedroom, where they both collapsed and napped for two hours. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Opening her suitcase, slut removed her clothes for the evening. She washed her face and hands in a small sink set in the corner of the basement, then she put on the rouge to darken her areolas. Next came the off white chiffon blouse. There were no buttons to deal with, as she had removed them before they left Mistress Ilsa&#8217;s. The bar which ran through her breasts was completely exposed in the middle, as were the scars and cuts that adorned the fleshy orbs. The tight cranberry red mini skirt was next. Very short, barely reaching to mid thigh, exposing many of the cuts from the whip.&nbsp; A pair of black spike heels finished off the ensemble. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri dressed in a pair of black denim jeans topped with a light purple crew neck sweater, and a pair of Converse All Stars.

&nbsp;&nbsp; They went up the basement stairs and found Mistress Tanya decked out in a black patent leather pant suit, complete with thigh high stiletto boots, Her hair done up in a mile high bee&#8217;s nest updo. �A slight change of plan&#8217;s,� Tanya announced as She grabbed Keri by the wrist and pulled her down the hall to the second door on the left.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Strip, cunt,� Tanya commanded in a deep male voice. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Shaking noticeably, Keri obeyed, and stood naked before the She-male. Tanya pulled Keri over to the stocks and closed the heavy worn wood around her neck and wrists. Checking the lock, She said, �Enjoy your evening, whore. Maybe I&#8217;ll fuck your ass when we get home. Stretch it out a bit.� Then, with a sinister laugh, Tanya closed and locked the door and rejoined slut in the hallway. Clipping a chain dog leash to the ring in slut&#8217;s collar, Tanya said, �Let&#8217;s go have some fun!� And they headed out to the Viper and the ride to the reunion. 


. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 


&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 












NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell



CHAPTER 28


TANYA AND THE REUNION / KERI MEETS THE TWINS



&nbsp;&nbsp; As they were about to get in the car, Tanya reached in a picked up slut&#8217;s red satin lined black leather cape. Standing up, she tossed it across the roof of the low slung Viper. slut put it across her shoulders and tied the leather laces snugly&nbsp; at her neck Then she got into the car a fired up the powerful motor. Putting the transmission in gear, she eased the car out of the parking space and headed down the road for their destination in Boston Harbor, where the charter boat was boarding for her class reunion out in the bay.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri had already become quite uncomfortable locked in the stocks in Mistress Tanya&#8217;s dungeon. The holes for her wrists and neck were never sanded smoothly, let alone lined. So the coarse wood scrapped and chaffed her delicate skin. The position the stocks forced her in was already causing severe cramping in her lower back as well as in the backs of her thighs, and while she had freedom of movement with her feet and legs, each change of position only eased her pain for short period of time. There was a clock on the mantle piece over the fireplace, and it&#8217;s steady relentless ticking echoed through the room, but diabolically, Tanya had placed Keri in the stocks so that she could hear, but not see the clock. Tears began to fill the frightened girl&#8217;s eyes. No longer was she filled with the sense of excitement and glee that she had&nbsp; when she watched slut&#8217;s brutal flogging or when she herself had sucked off the thick cock of Mistress Tanya and swallowed Her seed. Now she was involved in a terrible mind fuck, the first she had ever been made to experience, and she wasn&#8217;t sure she would be able to endure the evening.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya made slut drive secondary roads to the dock. She had undone the snap and zipper of Her pants and had extracted Her large cock and balls, freeing them from the constricting confines of the skin tight leather. �Play with Me,� She ordered. In between shifting and downshifting, slut&#8217;s right hand was busy stroking Tanya and playing with Her shaved ball sac. Whenever pre-cum would weep from the slit at the top of the pinkish red head, slut would wipe it off with her finger, and then suck her finger clean, before resuming her ministrations.


&nbsp;&nbsp; The drive took the better part of ninety minutes, before they reached the valet parking for the boat. Valets opened both slut&#8217;s and Tanya&#8217;s doors for them. A parking stub was placed in slut&#8217;s hand, and she handed the valet a twenty, which he deftly palmed as she admonished him, �Treat it like it was yours, and this will be doubled.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes Ma&#8217;am,� he answered eagerly, getting into the sleek car.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The valet gently pulled the car away and Tanya said, �Come to Me, slut.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress.� slut took three steps and stood before Tanya.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Lift your skirt, cunt!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �As You wish, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Pushing the sides of the cape back, slut lifted her skirt, exposing her sex and the steel that adorned it. Tanya unclipped the dog leash from the ring in slut&#8217;s collar, and reattached it to the ring in her clit. With a tug to see that it was secure, Tanya lead slut across the sidewalk and down the gangway to the boat.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The boat was a very large charter, not ever used for fishing, but rather for large occasions, weddings, anniversaries, Bar Mitzvahs and the like. A bit over 130 feet long with two enclosed decks and one completely open. Being that the evening chill hadn&#8217;t set in just yet, most of the reunion attendees were gathered on the open deck, enjoying drinks and conversing. Tanya lead slut up the stairs leading to the open deck by her leash.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Nicole, Nicole,� Barry called out excitedly as he ran over to greet her. �I didn&#8217;t think you&#8217;d come, you&#8217;d come.� Then hurriedly he added, �But I&#8217;m glad you did. Glad!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was then that Barry noticed the tall woman accompanying slut. �Hi, I&#8217;m Barry, I&#8217;m a friend of Nicole&#8217;s. Friend of Nicole&#8217;s. Were you in our class too?�&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No, I was not,� Tanya answered politely. �My name is Tanya, and if you would be a dear and please be so kind as to get us some drinks? I would just adore love a Singapore Sling and slu..........I mean, nicole,� She caught Herself, �nicole would like to have a sparkling water on the rocks.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �Sure. Sure. I&#8217;ll go get those for you. For you. Be happy to. Happy.� And turning heel Barry set off in the direction of one of the many bars set up on the boat, with a decided spring in his step a broad toothy smile lighting up his face, while Tanya looked for and found an empty table with four seats. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; As they settled into the deck chairs, Tanya said, �It&#8217;s not too cool on the water yet, remove your cape. Let&#8217;s see how Barry reacts to those marks on your breasts.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut reached up and untied the cape letting it slip off her shoulders and come to rest on the back of the chair. �As You wish, Mistress,� she replied, her breast bar and the fresh welts on her chest now very visible what with the unbuttonable blouse. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �And just to spice things up a bit, slave, I want you to come on to Barry. Flirt with him. Swoon over him. Maybe you&#8217;ll get lucky and I&#8217;ll allow you to suck him off!� Tanya laughed wickedly, knowing how distasteful this had to be to slut. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �As You wish, Mistress,� slut answered feebly. she knew at that instant that Tanya planned to make her suck off the repulsive slug, and she had no recourse but to obey.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The line at the bar had delayed Barry, but he came back proudly, strutting like a peacock, the drinks in hand. Tanya smiled as She watched his eyes grow noticeably wider when he caught sight of slut&#8217;s open blouse. �Here&#8217;s your drinks, your drinks,� he repeated, unable to get his eyes from the ravaged skin of slut&#8217;s chest. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Barry took a seat across from slut, his eyes never straying from her open blouse. �Like what you see, Barry?� Tanya asked lightly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Um........I........I......um........are you okay, Nicole,� he finally asked?&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Barry, thank you for asking. I&#8217;m fine.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �B.....but your chest.......you&#8217;re ch....chest. It&#8217;s......it&nbsp; is all cut up. Cut up. It wasn&#8217;t like that last night. Last night�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �I whipped her, Barry,� Tanya said glibly, looking at slut, who&#8217;s head was bowed in humbled disgrace.&nbsp; �It was quite the nasty whip too, I might add. I thought she&#8217;d be more interesting to look at with a few decorations across her tits. Don&#8217;t you agree? Oh, and by the way, she no longer answers to Nicole. her name now is slut, and it&#8217;s a very fitting name for a sex slave like her�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Barry&#8217;s eyes never left the welts, his brain straining to assimilate the information he had heard and was seeing. Just then two loud blasts from the ship&#8217;s horn announced that the boat was pulling away from the dock, and would be heading out into the bay.

&nbsp;&nbsp; In the meantime, little Keri was now a sobbing, shaking, pathetic creature. Her discomfort was more than any she had yet to endure. Her crying sobs and the ticking of the clock the only sounds. Then, suddenly, she heard a door close. Instantly she fought to control her sobs as she tried to listen closely for more. At first, she heard nothing else, then came the sound of a tapping of heels on the wood floors. In fact, it sounded like two sets of heels.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri became excited, happy and secure in the knowledge that slut and Tanya had returned, and she would no longer be alone and would soon be released from the stocks. Abruptly, the tapping stopped, right outside the door to the room Keri was in. A few minutes passed before she heard the sound of the door handle turning. Positioned as she was, it was impossible for the young girl to see who had joined her, although she had, quite naturally assumed it to be Tanya and slut, as she had no idea as to how much time had passed since they had left her there alone in her bondage. She could hear the sound of the heels tapping closer towards her and the sound of the door closing. She wanted so badly to call out to slut, but forced herself to remain quite, hoping that it might win her some favor with Mistress Tanya.

&nbsp;&nbsp; She could sense that the two women had stopped right behind her, but she couldn&#8217;t get her head around far enough to see them. She felt two hands caressing the backs of her taut legs, lightly sliding inside her thighs, over her pussy, around up her belly to her small breasts. It felt wonderful, and made Keri completely forget the cramps in her legs and back from the barbaric stocks. The hands continued to explore her soft skin and not completely formed curves, pinching her pebble hard nipples, tugging on her thick outer labia, teasing her puckered rosebud rear hole.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri was moaning softly, consumed by the gentle touches, succumbing to the arousal that was building in her.&nbsp; �Having fun, are we, pet?� a strange voice asked, shocking Keri from her dream state. A tall, extremely skinny, young girl stepped in front of the bound girl allowing Keri to see who was there. She was dressed casually in a oversized white tee shirt, faded jeans, black Converse, and she had long straight jet black hair. Both of her ears bore multiple piercings, as did her lower lip, eyebrows, and large thick ring in her septum. Two fine gold chains looped from the rings in each nostril to her each ear.�I&#8217;m Jennie,� she said, excitement evident in her tone.&nbsp; �My sister and I are here to see that you don&#8217;t get too lonely while Tanya is out.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; The hand that was caressing Keri&#8217;s ass slowly slid up her spine until it reached the wood of the stocks. �I&#8217;m Jeri,� the other girl said as she came in front of Keri to stand next to her sister. The two girls were identical twins, although clones would have been a more accurate description. But they had gone to great lengths to disguise this fact. Where Jennie&#8217;s hair had been dyed jet black, Jeri&#8217;s had been dyed surfer bleached blonde, and her smooth ghostly pale skin was completely devoid of any metal jewelry at all. Jeri was dressed like her sister, excepting for the tee shirt and sneakers. While Jennie&#8217;s tee was white, Jeri&#8217;s was black. And while Jennie&#8217;s Con&#8217;s were black, her sister&#8217;s were white. Each had only one side of the popular Yan and Yang symbol printed on the front of their shirt. So that when they were apart, they represented only half of the popular symbol, but together, they represented the balance and equilibrium long associated with the icon.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �We&#8217;ve never had the opportunity to enjoy playing with someone so young before, have we Jeri?� Jennie asked, as she put her arm around her sister, pulling her close and licking her cheek slowly, sensuously, deliberately.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri&#8217; turned her head and sucked the pink tongue into her mouth. In a practiced fluid motion, she slid her hand up underneath her sister&#8217;s baggy tee shirt. A few moments later, they broke the embrace and she replied, panting, �No. This one is by far the youngest, unless of course you count all the time we spent together when we were younger!� They both enjoyed a mutual hearty laugh at that quip, leaving Keri puzzled at the implication.


&nbsp;&nbsp; The twins stood stock still in front of Keri, until an all but imperceptible nod from Jennie caused them both to pull their tee shirts up over the heads in unison, revealing their completely flat chests. Their bony rib cages topped by small puffy nipples jutting out slightly from the two pale chests, the only variance in their appearance being that Jennie had three rings piercing each nipple, and her sister&#8217;s flesh had not been touched. Their narrow waists the obvious sign of severe anorexia. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp; After allowing Keri to take in the stark sight of the titless chests, Jennie and Jeri knelt as one and untied their Cons, then they stood and kicked them off, flinging them to the side of the room. The jeans were next, in a rehearsed unison, they were at once, unbuttoned and sliding down the narrow hips, landing at their feet. Again, the girls were identical, with smooth ghostly pale hairless mounds with clearly defined slits from which subtle hints of pink could be seen. Fragile spindly legs supported hips with the bones poking out seemingly all over. Jennie, continuing her overly obvious addiction to steel, had a pussy bedecked in rings, bars, studs, and grommets. Her inner and outer labia, her clitoris, the clit hood, and the mound itself were literally festooned with over a dozen piercings. A thin gold chain wrapped around her pencil thin waist, hanging atop the bony protuberances of her hips. More thin chains hung from the waist chain and were attached to rings in her labia and clit hood Her sister&#8217;s sex, on the other hand,&nbsp; was unadorned. Unblemished.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri looked in total disbelief at the sight, and just then, the girls faced each other and began to kiss each other. Tenderly, softly, ever so gently at first, almost timidly, but then rapidly escalating in intensity. Hands furiously probing pussys, breasts, buttocks. Tongues entwined, probing then inner most recesses of wet warm mouths. Eerie, animal like, guttural moans began to fill Keri&#8217;s ears as drops of blood started to appear at the conjoined mouths. Their passion&#8217;s crescendo flying out of control, until they both screamed and once and broke the embrace. Blood flowing freely from torn lips and punctured tongues. Keri&#8217;s eyes became saucers as the sisters smiled proudly, revealing blood covered fangs instead of normal incisors. The blood from Jeri&#8217;s ripped lip dripping down onto her chest. The ruby red liquid in harsh contrast with the snow white skin. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; A strong shiver runs through Keri&#8217;s bond body as the reality of her circumstances envelopes her. Naked, locked in the stocks, alone with two sado-masochist women, completely at their mercy.&nbsp; Jeri bent over, and cupping Keri&#8217;s jaw, she kissed her full on the mouth, the blood from her torn lip and bleeding tongue smearing Keri&#8217;s face. The taste of blood filled her mouth as Jeri kept kissing her, sucking Keri&#8217;s thick and meaty pouting lower lip into her mouth and teasing it with the sharp fangs. Keri screamed into the mouth that covered hers as one of Jeri&#8217;s fangs punctured her lip and tore through the sensitive skin on the inside of her li .Jeri sucked greedily at the blood that poured from the wound, savoring it, swallowing it,&nbsp; before biting into bit into the soft lip a second time. Keri was thrashing wildly about in the stocks trying to pull away from the facial destruction.

&nbsp;&nbsp; At that moment, Keri&#8217;s ass lit up with fire as Jennie began to whip her ass with a wet rattan cane. Rapid hard strokes stripped the fleshy orbs as Jeri bit her two more times, puncturing the lip right through each time. When finally the twins halted their assault, Keri&#8217;s mouth was bleeding steadily from the four holes Jeri had bitten into her lower lip, and her ass was ablaze in pain from dozens of welts that Jennie had deemed to adorned the tortured skin with.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri was beyond hysterical in her crying screaming state. Completely nonchalant and oblivious to the young slaves current state, Jeri and Jennie lit up cigarettes and watched Keri with great satisfaction and amusement. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; At long last, Keri&#8217;s crying subdued to the point where she was able to focus on the twins as they were finishing their cigarettes. �I don&#8217;t see an ashtray, Jennie,� Jeri noticed, looking around the room.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No problem, sis, you may use mine,� Jennie replied, as she bent over and spread her ass cheeks towards Keri. Keri watched in absolute horror as Jeri took one last long drag on her cigarette, causing the tip to glow an angry orange, and then she slowly pushed in up into her sister&#8217;s gaping pussy, snuffing it out. A slight whimper escaped from Jennie as the hot ember burned the inner corridor of her sex, and a distinct odor of charred flesh hit Keri&#8217;s nose, causing her to try to breath through her mouth only. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri left the cigarette stub inside her sister as asked, as she eyed Keri, �What should you do with yours, Big Sister?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; As she stood up straight, Jennie looked from her twin to the helpless slave and replied, �I&#8217;m sure we all know the answer to that!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Instantly Keri started screaming, begging for mercy. She offered anything she had, anything at all in bribes to avoid suffering the fate she had just seen. She cried out that she would lick their pussies, their asses, drink their piss, eat their shit. She pleaded with Jennie to whip her, severely, until she was bleeding. To whip her cunt, her tits, her belly, anything. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; All of her carrying on was, of course, falling on deaf ears. Jennie&#8217;s mind was made up, and nothing would change it. �Come, come, little one. It&#8217;s not that bad. You saw me do it.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; This just made Keri cry out all the louder, and try to break free of the stocks. Her neck and wrists now chaffed through, were bleeding as Jennie took her place behind the bent over slave. One last deep pull on the cigarette, and Jennie stubbed it out on Keri&#8217;s pubic mound, barely an inch above her nervously hiding clit. Keri&#8217;s screams were not too strong, as her raspy hoarse voice had been strained past it&#8217;s limit. Jeri leaned over and kissed Keri&#8217;s mouth, her tongue searching deep into the recesses of Keri&#8217;s mouth, while Jennie spread Keri&#8217;s cheeks and began lapping at the tightly puckered rear hole, lubing it up with copious amounts of saliva. Her tongue forcing it&#8217;s way into the musky passage. The hole well lubed, Jennie held the extinguished cigarette stub against Keri&#8217;s anus, and shoved it way up into the girl&#8217;s ass, as far as her finger would allow it to go. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Wanna play with her some more, Little Sis?� Jennie asked Jeri rhetorically. Keri began crying again in earnest. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; As Jennie and Jeri were carrying out their diabolical games with Keri, Barry&#8217;s awkward silence was broken by the arrival of a grotesquely over weight visitor to the table where Tanya, Barry and slut were sitting. �Barry? Nicole?� She queried in a gratingly high pitched nasal voice. �Remember me? I&#8217;m Gretchen Ogilsby. Remember?�


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Barry seemed to recognize her instantly, while slut had some trouble putting a face with the behemoth that stood in front of them. Dressed in a loose bright multi-colored floral print muu muu, which barely was able to conceal the massive rolls of flesh that oozed around her belly and ass, her dirty blonde hair greasy and in dire need of shampoo, Gretchen waited patiently for an acknowledgment of some kind. Finally slut remembered her. The girl had always been plagued with a weight problem, but the battle had obviously been lost quite some time ago. Her makeup was over done with a cherry red lipstick coating her thick lips. Mascara, eye liner, and sparkles heavily coated her eyes. Her thick, dry, heavily calloused feet were shod in sandals that had broken down from the weight they were supporting.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh sure, Gretch. I remember,� Barry said, �We had that old fruit bake Baker for English 10.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �That&#8217;s right, Barry,� Gretchen returned, ecstatic that someone remembered her. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut had never had the bad luck to be in any classes with Gretchen, and only knew of the girl because she had a really bad reputation dating back to ninth grade. So desperate for acceptance, Gretchen was known for her open willingness to perform just about any act anyone had asked of her. Rumors had abounded in high school that she pulled a train for the whole varsity football team homecoming&nbsp; night after a big win. All thirty six members of the team supposedly partook of her generous charms. At a sweet sixteen party the following year, she supposedly sucked off a standard poodle while everyone at the party egged her on. One story even had her sucking on soiled tampons from the Varsity Cheerleaders while the squad took turns urinating on her naked body. slut was instantly struck by the irony that&nbsp; now it was she who routinely did things far more extreme than what Gretchen had been accused of in those stories, and on a regular basis! And to judge by the way Gretchen was ogling the welts on slut&#8217;s tits, this irony wasn&#8217;t lost on her as well. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya moved in Her chair and caught slut&#8217;s eye. With an all but imperceptible glance towards Barry, She indicated that She wanted&nbsp; slut to start fawning over him. slut picked up on the nuance, and placing her hand on Barry&#8217;s right thigh, fairly close to the hip, she looked him in the eye and said, �I had Baker for English 11, but I thought he was really nice.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Barry squirmed at the soft touch of slut&#8217;s hand on his thigh, and he recoiled slightly. Gretchen grabbed a chair from a nearby table when it&#8217;s occupant got up. Uninvited, she put the chair on the opposite side of Barry from where slut was seated. A server brought a tray of hot hors d&#8217;oeuvres to them. Gretchen grabbed five or six of the mini hot dogs and dipped them in the spicy mustard. Tanya passed on the offering, while Barry politely waited for slut to take one before taking one himself. Barry ate his right away, while slut watched. When he was done, she offered her&#8217;s to him, saying, �Here, why don&#8217;t you eat this, I&#8217;m really not hungry.�&nbsp; slut held the morsel out, and as Barry leaned over and opened his mouth to take it off the toothpick, slut positioned it exactly so that his lips gently brushed her finger tips as he removed it from the pick.&nbsp; Barry turned a bright crimson, embarrassed by the feel of slut&#8217;s fingers to his lips. slut just smiled provocatively, knowingly. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Shall i call the server over for some more, Barry?� slut asked, rubbing her hand along the inside of his thigh, closer to the groin this time.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �N...no...thank you Nicole,� he stammered, very flushed and flustered now.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Her name is no longer Nicole, Barry. I thought you understood that,� Tanya said, in a noticeably lower voice. �her name is slut now, because that&#8217;s what her Owner has decreed it to be, and that&#8217;s what she really is, isn&#8217;t it, cunt?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Bowing her head, ashamed, slut replied, �Yes Mistress Tanya. my name is now slut, because my owner has graciously given it to me to describe what i am for Her.� 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �What?� Gretchen chimed in almost choking on one of her mustard coated hot dogs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;m sure slut would be more than happy to explain it to you, uh, Gretchen is it?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, my name is Gretchen,� she barked, noticeably put off that Tanya was speaking down to her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �slut......� Tanya prodded.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �i am a sex slave, Gretchen, slut began softly, wholly embarrassed at having to reveal herself to the fat bitch. � Wholly owned by Mistress Ilsa of New York&nbsp; i am Her&#8217;s in every sense of the word. To do with as She wishes. And as She sees fit.&nbsp; i belong to Her as a dog or cat would to it&#8217;s Owner. Totally entrusted to Her care.� A different, much more definitive tone had replaced slut&#8217;s original timidity. A proudness, a boldness. Assuredness. slut straightened up in her chair. she felt the wetness building deep in her slit.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Actually more like cattle or some other type of living property. A point of fact, even a common household pet would have a much higher status than a common sex slave would be entitled to.� Tanya interrupted. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress. Living property,� she agreed almost arrogantly.&nbsp; �i am entitled to nothing really. Only to that which Mistress Ilsa wishes for me. my existence is solely to please Her. To do Her bidding is what i am for. There is no other reason for me to be.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No fucking way,� Gretchen exploded, drawing the attention of everyone around them. Of course once they all saw who it was, they disregarded her en masse. She glared at the gawkers, and growled, �What the fuck are you lookin&#8217; at Andy, ya dumb ass fucking piece of shit. Mind yer own fucking business, okay, shithead?� And then she leaned in closer to slut, asking, �What kinds of things have you done, bitch?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut looked towards Tanya, who gave a nod with Her head. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; �i proudly wear scars in my breasts that Mistress Ilsa deigned to decorate me with by Her own hand. . One breast bears scars from Her scourge, while she carved the designs in the other one with a razor knife. i wear multiple piercings in my cunt and breasts, and Mistress had a thick bar, of Her own design, skewered through both breasts, with thick half rings hanging underneath, see,� slut offered, pulling her blouse open so that Gretchen could see the scars and the breast bar.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Gretchen was rendered speechless, as slut let the blouse close. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �i have been lent out by Mistress Ilsa, and by my former Owner as well, to both men and women for their pleasure, whether it be for&nbsp; pleasure, or my pain. i have received formal training in oral pleasuring techniques for both men and women. There have been many times when I have been exhibited both publicly and privately in front of people both in the scene, and people who are of the vanilla world.�&nbsp; slut paused for a moment before her final revelation, the memory still haunting her. �i.....i nailed another slave to a cross. i.......i ......hel.......helped to cr.......crucify her for my Mistress.� slut&#8217;s head sank down towards her chest as the mere mention of the deed brought back her horror of the spectacle she had been a part of. �It was after that,� she continued, �That i became the property of Mistress Ilsa.,�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �You&#8217;ve got me fucking hot, cunt!� Then to Tanya, �Can I get a piece of her?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No, I don&#8217;t think so,� She replied icily. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Why the fuck not, bitch.� Then laughing aloud as she reached over and grabbed slut&#8217;s breast bar through her blouse, �May be I can teach her a move or two.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; With a quick swipe of Tanya&#8217;s hand, She batted Gretchen&#8217;s hand away, hard. Gretchen grabbed her wounded hand in pain.&nbsp; �My reasons are My concern, not your&#8217;s. But if it will make you feel better, I&#8217;m going to order slut to suck Barry&#8217;s dick, and I&#8217;ll allow you to watch. Maybe you&#8217;ll pick up a few pointers on the proper techniques of fellatio, although looking at you, I would doubt you&#8217;d get much opportunity to utilize them.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Gretchen&#8217;s hand flew out to slap Tanya across the face, but the Amazonian shemale was much quicker, and stronger, catching Gretchen&#8217;s wrist mid-swing, and twisted up and it back very hard, pulling the hand down under the table to keep it all discrete.&nbsp; It all happened so fast no one else was even aware of what had taken place. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya tightened Her grip, twisting the wrist watching woith a sinister smile as Gretchen winced from the sharp pain. �Now, get up quietly, and leave us alone, pig. You disgust Me. This mere slave is far more valuable than you could ever dream be. her position in life is of a status you could never attain, even in your wildest dreams.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; One subtle but forceful jerk of Tanya&#8217;s&nbsp; hand, and Gretchen stood.&nbsp; Tanya let go, and Gretchen grabbed her sore wrist with her other hand, and gathering her wounded pride, she said coldly,&nbsp; �Good evening,� and she left the table.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �slut, take Barry to the men&#8217;s room and suck his cock. Take your time with him, so he will have something memorable to remember you by.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� slut replied, as she stood up.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh, and Barry?� Tanya said.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Tanya?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Don&#8217;t come back here with her. I really don&#8217;t enjoy your miserable company. In fact, you bore Me�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Y.....yes, Ma&#8217;am. Yes Ma&#8217;am�, he stuttered, still noticeably shaken by the events he had just witnessed

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh, and slut, one more thing.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� she asked, turning to face the Domme.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Keep his cum in your mouth until you get back. You will swallow it only when I say you may. Understood?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Clearly, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Barry and slut headed off to find the men&#8217;s room as Tanya smiled, reveling in and savoring Her Dominance. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; By this time, Jennie and Jeri had removed their helpless victim from the stocks. They had made her bend over an ottoman, so that her ass was sticking out, invitingly. Jeri had buckled on a leather harness equipped with a long, 2" diameter, hard, clear plastic dildo protruding from the front and she was alternating turns assaulting Keri&#8217;s pussy and then her ass with it. Jennie had positioned herself sitting on the floor in front of Keri and was enjoying the young girl&#8217;s oral ministrations to her sex, while she controlled Keri&#8217;s face by holding onto the hair on either side of her head. Jeri was whipping her sister&#8217;s flat chest at the same time, bringing it to a bright shade of pink with a short flogger. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri&#8217;s strap-on was ravaging the young girl&#8217;s tight ass, stretching and tearing it. Blood coated the phallus when Jeri fucked the rear hole, and then she would switch holes, using Keri&#8217;s pussy to clean the blood off the dildo.&nbsp; Jennie pulled Keri&#8217;s face tightly in to her crotch as she began pissing in the girl&#8217;s mouth. �You told us you wanted to drink our piss, so swallow it down, you ignorant cunt. Savor the sweet taste of my nectar, and take comfort from the privilege of being allowed to drink it�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri began choking as the hot acrid stream flooded her mouth. She did her best to drink it all, but there was an overflow that leaked past her lips. Jeri stopped fucking Keri and began to flail her back with the flogger as she watched her sister piss in the young girl&#8217;s mouth. Keri&#8217;s back was instantly on fire, causing her to scream, and that made her choke on the urine which seemed to be pouring into her mouth even harder now. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennie could contain herself no more and screamed �Fuck Me!� as she came. Keri didn&#8217;t stop lapping at the sopping wet pussy in her face until Jennie pulled back on the hair she still held in her hands. Jeri yanked the plastic invader from Keri&#8217;s ravaged ass and unbuckled the strap on harness. Little Keri&#8217;s asshole had been stretched open and was now an obscenely gaping hole. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �She can take more,� Jeri said to her sister as she went to find an inflatable butt plug.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri looked up and saw the huge black rubber plug with the hose and bulb dangling down. �Ask me nicely, little one, and I&#8217;ll give you something to remember us by.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Whimpering, Keri mumbled, �Please put that plug in my ass, Ma&#8217;am.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Certainly, but you&#8217;d do well to lube it up first,� Jeri answered. Spreading Keri&#8217;s legs wider apart, Jeri rubbed the plug along her soaking wet slit, coating it with her juices until, it glistened and gleamed with Keri&#8217;s natural lubricant. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennie reached around the still bent over slave and spread Keri&#8217;s cheeks for her sister, who positioned the black plug at the still gaping hole and shoved it in. She met resistance when the plug was about three inches in, but with a hard shove, she drove it home, and Keri yelped in pain.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri handed the bulb to Keri and said, �Impress me, or I&#8217;ll pump it myself!�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Y....yes, Ma&#8217;am,� she whispered, raking the bulb. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Gradually, Keri started pumping the inflatable plug in her ass. Each squeeze made it noticeably thicker, and increased the pressure in her already well abused rear tunnel. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri and Jennie were quiet, listening to the sounds of the bulb being squeezed and Keri crying as she opened herself wider with each one. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Five more pumps, then you may stop, slave,� Jeri said. Keri was trembling now, her entire body shaking from the pain, but she pumped the bulb five more times as instructed. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennie took a can and started beating the young slave&#8217;s ass, while Jeri slid her finger down onto the girl&#8217;s clit, and started teasing the engorged nub. Keri was overcome with the contradictory sensations of the cane, the butt plug and the rubbing of her clit, and she exploded in an orgasmic frenzy of screams and shaking. Jennie continued to cane the white globes, turning them red and drawing blood with the wicked slashes. 
&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri sat on the floor in front of Keri and said, �Eat me. Make me cum. Then I&#8217;ll take that plug out of your ass. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri&#8217;s tongue searched out and found the labial folds that were crushed into her face. Jeri leaned back and surrendered to the waves of pleasure that emanated from between her legs. It was Jennie&#8217;s turn now with the flogger, and she whipped her sister&#8217;s titless chest mercilessly, sending her into the nether regions of sub-space as Keri sucked, nibbled and licked the sensitive that stood proudly from the recesses of the hood. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeri&#8217;s orgasm built to a frenzied crescendo as she cried out. Jennie stopped whipping the beet red chest and Keri&#8217;s head sagged in exhaustion. Jennie released the pressure on the bulb, deflating the butt plug, and then yanked it out of Keri&#8217;s tortured hole. Blood seeped from the lacerations and made it&#8217;s way down the inside of Keri&#8217;s thighs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Back at the reunion, slut had located the men&#8217;s room and took Barry into the stall, where she removed all of her clothing. Barry stood aghast, taking in the naked body with all it&#8217;s scars and steel. slut knelt on the floor and unzipped Barry&#8217;s pants. Never taking her eyes from his, she removed his already stiff cock from his jockeys and sucked it sensuously between her lips and deep into her mouth, massaging it with her tongue the entire time. Barry looked deeply into her eyes as she swallowed his cock down the back of her throat, causing her to gag and making her eyes water. She didn&#8217;t stop, however, and within seconds had acclimated herself to it, and was no longer responding to her gag reflex, letting him fuck the deepest depths of her throat. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was all too much for him, and although he wished it could last forever, in a mere matter of thirty seconds, he was grunting loudly as he spurted his cum into her mouth. slut was amazed at the amount of semen he dumped into her mouth, and she worked hard to avoid the need to swallow it, remembering what Tanya had ordered. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Thanks, Nicole. Thanks. That was amazing. Amazing!� he stammered as she got dressed in the tight stall. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut just nodded to him, as her mouth was full of cum. As she was exiting the stall, another man walked in on them, and raised an eyebrow in disbelief. slut just opened her mouth and flashed the load of cum on her tongue at him, and strolled calmly out of the restroom and back to Tanya.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tanya didn&#8217;t ask to see the cum right away, but rather made slut describe the act to her with the semen still in her mouth. A few times during the discourse, cum spilled from her mouth, but Tanya wouldn&#8217;t let her wipe it away. So her chin was covered in spots with his milky sperm. Finally, at long last, Tanya told her to swallow it, and she did. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; No one else from slut&#8217;s class approached Tanya and slut during the boat ride, so they spent the reunion alone together. Tanya took slut to the ladies room twice, making her suck Her cock on each visit, and each time making slut hold the semen in her mouth. The second time, a waiter approached the table while slut had cum in her mouth, and Tanya made slut order the drinks for the two of them. The waiter was treated to seeing cum spill from her mouth as she ordered. slut, wiped it with her finger and licked it back into her mouth.


&nbsp;&nbsp; As the boat docked, Tanya had slut take a twenty dollar bill from her purse and stuff it up her cunt, so that only a small portion of the bill could be seen. When they were leaving the boat, Tanya&nbsp; caught sight of Barry watching the two of them as he was walking down the gangplank just behind them But just one look from Tanya&#8217;s heavily made up eyes made Barry go in the opposite direction the instant they reached the pier. When the valet brought the Viper round, Tanya made slut lift her skirt before getting into the car, giving the valet a special tip. He pinched her clit before pulling the bill from her. Except for shifting, slut&#8217;s hand was on Tanya&#8217;s cock the entire trip home, although Tanya never spoke to her about doing it. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri and slut spent the night on the hard floor in Tanya&#8217;s dungeon, naked, with Keri&#8217;s wrists cuffed to slut&#8217;s ankles, and slut&#8217;s wrists cuffed to Keri&#8217;s ankles. Overly large red rubber ball gags strapped into their mouths, prohibiting them from enjoying one and other. Before leaving them alone for the night, the twins took extreme delight in whipping slut&#8217;s breasts with a bundle of switches, not stopping until blood was evident on each orb. Tanya and the twins spent the night all together in Tanya&#8217;s king size bed. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 










NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE

By Charles E. Campbell

(Author&#8217;s note: It is my intention at this time to introduce some of my characters from my other stories to various other characters in this chapter of Nicole. The �visiting�characters will be coming from: CHELSEA&#8217;S F. N. P. C., SOME CALL IT PLAY, and SARA. These characters will also be relating their experiences with nicole, and each other, in the first person, from their perspective, in their original stories at the same time. I will be submitting all of the different chapters at the same time in an attempt to maintain cohesiveness throughout the individual story lines. 

C. E. Campbell



Chapter 29


ILSA TESTS THE F. N. P. C.




&nbsp;&nbsp; slut&#8217;s morning dawned just like most every other one had since Mistress Ilsa had become her owner. At the designated hour, she would push herself up off the mat that had so considerately been provided for her, quietly climb under the sheets of Ilsa&#8217;s massive king size bed, being particularly careful not to rattle the chain that shackled her ankle to the end of the bed, so as not to disturb her Mistress. Ever so&nbsp; gently, she would part her Mistress&#8217; legs, and nuzzle her face in the tangled mass of pubic hair. Forgoing the clitoris, she would, instead, gently&nbsp; massage the peehole itself, her tongue seeking out the tiny slit, stimulating the urge from her Mistress. As Ilsa would empty her bladder, the willing slave would drink the offering eagerly, as this was her daily substitute for fresh fruit juice. Being a toilet slave was no harder than anything else slut was expected to endure, but the first piss of the day was always the most reviling and bitter, as the urine was so concentrated and had a very distinct and repugnant odor and taste as compared to other times of the day. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; Having emptied her owner&#8217;s bladder, slut would next lick and suck the thick clit that hid in total protection in the upper folds of her Mistress&#8217;s vulva. Some mornings Ilsa would hold out for an hour or more as Her slave worshiped the center if Her femininity. Other mornings, She would cum in a matter of minutes. slut never knew the reason for these discrepancies. In the beginning, she feared it was her lack of skills and abilities, but she&nbsp;&nbsp; had often heard her Mistress extol her oral skills to others, and then making slut demonstrate them as proof of Her claims. The actual reason She sometimes came so fast and other times not, was really as simple as whether or not Mistress Ilsa had been having a sexual dream when she woke up. If She was having one, She came very fast. If not...... &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Some mornings Ilsa would take the riding crop which resided on Her night table and whip slut as she performed her daily chores. Other days She would pull slut&#8217;s bald head into Her, effectively making even slut &#8217;s breathing something She controlled. Some mornings, like today, She wouldn&#8217;t deign to touch the slave at all. In fact, once Ilsa had cum, She lifted Her leg, planted Her barefoot in slut&#8217;s face, and unceremoniously kicked her out of bed and onto the hardwood floor. slut got up on all fours and waited until the shackle&nbsp; was unlocked, then she crawled into the bathroom and drew Ilsa&#8217;s morning bath, careful to insure that the temperature was what Ilsa demanded., and adding lavishly scented oils to the water . 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When everything was just so, slut crawled back to the bedroom and said, �Your bath is prepared, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Thank you, slave,� Ilsa replied casually as She sprang from the bed. Passing slut on Her way to the tub, Ilsa reached down and slapped Her slave&#8217;s cunt twice, eliciting a grunt on the second slap. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The obedient slave knelt outside the bathroom and waited on her knees while her Mistress bathed Herself. Some mornings She would allow slut the honor of actually bathing Her, but today She wished privacy. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �slave,� Ilsa called out.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Coming, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; slut crawled back into the bathroom and, helping her owner out of the sudsy waters, wrapped Her in a huge soft towel and gently patted Her dry. �I would like two poached eggs, lightly buttered rye toast, grapefruit juice and coffee,� Ilsa announced.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Mistress,� slut&nbsp; answered. Taking her cue, she crawled out of the bath, shutting the door behind her. Out of sight from Ilsa, slut&nbsp; stood up and went downstairs to the kitchen to prepare Ilsa&#8217;s breakfast. she had already set the silverware and china in the dining room, so it was just a matter of grinding the coffee beans, brewing the coffee, and getting the meal ready.. The morning paper was on the table with Ilsa&#8217;s reading glasses.

&nbsp;&nbsp; When the slave heard her Mistress descending the stairs, she poured the coffee and took the pre-chilled glass of juice from the fridge and brought them in and placed them on the table. Holding the massive chair for her Mistress, slut&nbsp; helped Her sit down, and then went to the kitchen to finish making the meal.


&nbsp;&nbsp; After breakfast was finished, slut&nbsp; poured her Mistress a second cup of coffee and cleaned up while Ilsa read the paper. �Meet Me in the study when you&#8217;ve finished the dishes,� Ilsa called to slut&nbsp; as she pushed back from the table. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Mistress,� she called back. Fifteen minutes later, the dining room and kitchen cleaned up, slut&nbsp; joined Ilsa in the study. �I see the invitations arrived,� Ilsa said, looking at the box on Her desk. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,&nbsp; they were delivered last night while You were out.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Did you prepare the list of guests as I asked?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Mistress. It&#8217;s in the top right hand drawer of Your desk. Shall I get it for You?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �No, I can get it,� Ilsa said, pulling the drawer open and extracting the single sheet of paper. It was a neatly typed list of twenty-five names. Ilsa scanned the list and then said, �This should be fine. Enough people to be interesting, and not too many to cause a loss of intimacy. I&#8217;ll sign them and then you can address and stamp them, and then we&#8217;ll take them to the Post Office today and get them out.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut&nbsp; went to the closet and took a well worn old dark wooden box down from the top shelf. she placed the box on the desk so that when she opened it, it would face Ilsa and be within an easy reach for Her. Ilsa was reading the invitations, and She seemed pleased with what She saw. Opening the box, Ilsa selected a beautifully sculpted gold calligraphy pen, with an extremely&nbsp; fine, sharp nib, then She shut the box.

&nbsp;&nbsp; No instructions were required, slut had been a part of this scenario many times before. Meekly, slut knelt on the floor just to the right of where Ilsa was seated. Ilsa had the first invitation in front of Her as She stabbed the pen deep into slut&#8217;s breast, drawing blood. Using slut&#8217;s breast blood, Ilsa penned an exotic looking version of the letter �I� on the card. She set the card aside to dry&nbsp; and then repeated the procedure stabbing slut again and again in the same breast each time, until&nbsp; all twenty-five invitations had been signed.&nbsp; slut&#8217;s breast was dripping blood by the time Ilsa was finished, the twenty-five stab wounds weren&#8217;t big, but they were certainly quite deep. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Don&#8217;t clean yourself off, slave,� She ordered. �Just fill in the addresses on the envelopes and put the invitations in them. We&#8217;ll run them to the post office together when we go out to the gym.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;m going to stroll the gardens for a while. We&#8217;ll run the errands afterwards.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress.�


&nbsp;&nbsp; Ilsa leaned over and wiped some fresh blood from slut&#8217;s breast onto Her finger. She studied it for a moment, seemingly deep in thought, and then brought it to slut&#8217;s lips. The slave opened her mouth and sucked and licked her blood from Her Mistress&#8217; finger.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Thank You, Mistress,� she said, head bowed when Ilsa removed Her finger.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Oh, and don&#8217;t forget to post today&#8217;s blog.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Mistress,� slut replied.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut set about addressing the twenty-five envelopes, with a normal pen. she took her time, being careful to write with the most elegant, neat and graceful handwriting possible. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; With that task complete, she sat at the computer and entered the blog for her Mistress, always careful to keep it vague, relying on suggestion and innuendo for the true meaning behind the words. It was a tactic slut had become quite proficient with. A few unknowing people who happened to stumble upon the blog could possibly read between the lines and understand what was really being posted but the majority wouldn&#8217;t be able to decipher the real revelations or the content.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The updates on the blog complete, slut checked Ilsa&#8217;s emails. Nothing out of the ordinary, excepting for one that was simply signed F.N.P.C..&nbsp; It was the third such email Ilsa had received from that address, and each time it was clear that whoever the writer was, they could read between the lines in the blog&#8217;s slut had been posting regarding the upcoming collaring ceremony. Normally, slut wouldn&#8217;t bother her Mistress with such mundane and trivial things, but there was something here, maybe in how the emails were constructed, that piqued her interest. So she decided she would tell Ilsa about it, and let Her decide what, if anything, they would do. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; After serving her Mistress a lunch consisting of salad, fruit, and green tea, slut got dressed and drove Ilsa to the gym for Her thrice weekly workout. Ilsa mandated that slut participate as well, although She did allow for slut to wear loose fitting tops so the breast bars wouldn&#8217;t be so easy to see. Ilsa liked this particular gym, and didn&#8217;t want to have to look elsewhere if people were offended by slut.

&nbsp;&nbsp; In the sauna, after the workout, slut waited until the only other woman left before she broached the mysterious emails with her Mistress. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Mistress, we have been receiving some emails from a writer who only identifies themself as F. N. P. C. It seems to me that this person has read between the lines and has an understanding of the blogs regarding the collaring ceremony.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Ilsa&#8217;s eyes remained closed, as she sat naked while the mists of hot steam cleansed and relaxed her. �What have the emails said?� she asked, seeming not at all concerned by the revelation


&nbsp;&nbsp; �There have been three emails, Mistress. The first one was really just probing to see if Your blog was an advertisement for some BDSM pay site. Of course i did not reply to it, or the other two as well,� she added quickly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �The second email came a few weeks later. It had a different tone to it, almost like a different person was writing it. This one was more to the point, stating that the writer knew there was to be a collaring ceremony, that they were a small group of some kind, and that they wished to be invited.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Ilsa&#8217;s eyes opened, �Really.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �And the last email?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �It came a few days after the second one. It was pretty much the same as the second, although it asked if we had received the second one. And it expressed what seemed to me to be a real interest in the ceremony. Even going so far as to offer any help we might require. They even offered to meet You somewhere public to discuss it. And they included a file attachment with it.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �What was it?�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �It was a video. It showed a group of girls standing in a circle. They were all naked. They were performing what seemed to be a ritual. They fingered each other&#8217;s pussies, for quite some time, then, after having done that, they all cleaned their fingers.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Really,?� Ilsa commented, much more interested now.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �And when did the last email arrive, slut?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �i opened it this morning. After posting Your blog, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �you will show it to Me when we return home.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; �Of course, Mistress.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; After a shower, they got dressed and slut drove them home. Ilsa headed for Her study, while slut went to boot up the computer and have the email ready when asked.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Ilsa read the email quickly, then She re-read it again before looking at the video.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I like what I see,� She commented aloud rhetorically. �Looks to Me that they&#8217;ve read the L&#8217;Historie D&#8217;O. Look at the pretty little pierced pussies, all smooth and bald!

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Reply to Chelsea. Say......... say&nbsp; that I am intrigued by their brazen boldness, and find the video adorable. I would like to see some more footage before I consider their request.


&nbsp;&nbsp; �Just to keep it open and hopeful for them, ask where they are, You may say that I am located in Manhattan. They&#8217;re probably out in Iowa somewhere, so it&#8217;s all probably moot anyway.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� slut returned, typing away at the keyboard.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The next morning, slut read the reply from the F. N. P. C. As directed, a video file was attached. slut showed it to her Mistress first thing, and Ilsa read it and was outwardly pleased that the Cult was situated nearby. She watched the video numerous times. It showed a young girl, naked, laying on the floor with her legs splayed. Another girl, also naked, was savagely whipping the other girl&#8217;s shaved mound with a thick leather belt. Ten lashed were delivered, turning the crotch bright red and swelling the tender skin. After the whipping, the girl who had wielded the belt, got down between the still screaming victim&#8217;s legs, and orally satisfied her.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I&#8217;ve seen enough,� Ilsa stated. �Set up a meeting with them for this Saturday, afternoon. Someplace public, that way they&#8217;ll be more comfortable. It would probably be best if it&#8217;s midtown, as they might want to come by train to Grand Central.&nbsp; Let them choose the time. Request pictures of all of the girls, naked, of course. And state that they all don&#8217;t need to attend. Two would be fine, Chelsea and whoever else she selects as a representative. They are to comply, or they are not to bother Me ever again. Oh, and tell them I expect them to dress in a white, short sleeve blouse, leaving the top three buttons open, pleated plaid skirt, very short, white knee socks, and saddle shoes. Nothing else!&nbsp; Let&#8217;s see it they realize what that means.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Right away, Mistress,� slut answered, already composing the email in her mind.&nbsp; After giving it some thought, slut chose Rockefeller Center for the meeting, in the Promenade, Fifth Ave. Side, facing 30 Rock.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The email confirming the meeting, and selecting 11:30 as the time came the next day. Ilsa informed slut that She wanted her to bring little Keri along, and that she was to be dressed the same as the two girls from the F. N. P. C. were to be. She wanted slut to dressed in a very short, tight black leather skirt, thigh high stiletto heeled boots, and a low cut scoop necked top, very tight fitting, so as to show off the scars on the tops of her breasts, and the outline of her breast bars. slut called Keri&#8217;s guardian to arrange for Ilsa&#8217;s demands to be met.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri arrived Friday afternoon, and Ilsa sent her shopping with slut for a white blouse, white knee socks, saddle shoes and a pleated skirt. The evening was spent by Ilsa and Keri playing with slut in the dungeon. slut was heavily marked by the cane that Keri so wickedly and adeptly handled. Thick raised welts covered the slave&#8217;s thighs belly and buttocks, her breasts having been declared off limits by Ilsa. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Saturday morning dawned and both slut and Keri dressed as they had been instructed. Ilsa inspected them both, and told Keri to wear her skirt higher on her waist, making it even more short. She also told her to unbutton four buttons on the blouse, and that they were to tell the girls from the F. N. P. C. to do the same. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; �Slave, I want you all to go to Dermis after your initial meeting. Tell them whatever you want, tell them it&#8217;s a test of their devotion, it doesn&#8217;t matter. If they agree to go with you, call Me, and I will meet you there.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, Mistress,� slut replied, smiling inside, knowingly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut and Keri hailed a cab to take them downtown to Rockefeller Center. They were a little early, which was fine, because slut wanted to find a good vantage point to reconnoiter from so she could locate the girls and see if they were alone before approaching them. she selected a position crammed with tourists up on the 50th St. Side, looking down on the rink. It was far enough away, but still provided a clear, unobstructed view of the entire perimeter of the famed rink. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; They didn&#8217;t have to wait long. Keri spotted them first as they neared the wall. �I&#8217;ll bet that&#8217;s them,� she exclaimed excitedly!

&nbsp;&nbsp; slut didn&#8217;t reply, but her eyes fixed on the two identically dressed girls who were now leaning over looking down onto the ice-skaters. �You&#8217;re probably right,� she agreed, not taking her eyes from the girls, who were now obvious in searching the crowd for some tell-tale sign of their contact person. �We&#8217;ll give them ten minutes,� slut decided, glancing at the watch on the woman standing next to her. �That will make it 11:35. You&#8217;ll go meet them in ten minutes. i want to see if they get cold feet and leave before that.�

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was clear the girls hadn&#8217;t spotted slut and Keri. slut observed that they both seemed to have followed the dress requirements to the letter. They both had extremely short pleated skirts, white tops with enough buttons open to expose the tops of their breasts, and white knee socks. The throng of out-of-towners prevented seeing if they had the right shoes, but slut was pretty sure their attention to detail wouldn&#8217;t have skipped that. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �You can head over to them now, Keri,� slut said, still watching the girls. �Go around the block and come in from the 5th Avenue side. I&#8217;ll be better able to watch them that way. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Remember what to say?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Yes, slut. I introduce myself, and tell them if they want to go through with this, they are to come with me to the front steps to St. Pat&#8217;s, and that&#8217;s where you&#8217;ll be.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Good. That&#8217;s about as open a space as there is around here. You better get going.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri leaned in and kissed slut full on the mouth, her tongue probing deeply, much to the chagrin of the Asian tourist who was standing next to them, and she was off. slut watched as Keri walked down the street and made a right turn onto 5th Ave. so she could come in behind the two girls. Once she was out of sight, slut went back to observing Chelsea and her friend, trying to guess which one was Chelsea. 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Keri strode&nbsp; purposefully down the Promenade towards them looking straight into their faces, watching for a moment of possible recognition, but none came. About three yards away, one of them, Keri would soon know that this one was Hanna, caught Keri&#8217;s eye noticing the same uniform. Before she could react, Keri was next to them, saying, �I&#8217;m Keri, and I have been sent by the person you have come to meet. her name is slut, and she is standing over to your right. Neither girl spoke, but they both turned to look for slut. �she is the woman with the bald head,� Keri informed them.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Is she sick?� blurted out of Hanna&#8217;s mouth.

&nbsp; �No. her owner, Mistress Ilsa, doesn&#8217;t allow Her slaves the false modesty of hair anywhere on their bodies. She feels strongly that making them remove all of their hair helps them concentrate on the reality of their being owned by someone.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Now, which one of you is Chelsea?�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �I am,� she responded, �And this is Hanna, My hand maiden.�

&nbsp; Keri gave a slight nod of recognition and continued,&nbsp; �slut wants you both to follow me over to St. Pat&#8217;s. We&#8217;re going to&nbsp; meet on the steps over there, outside, so it&#8217;s nice and public. slut will explain Mistress Ilsa&#8217;s expectations to you there.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Okay,� Chelsea answered, noticing that the bald woman had gone.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �Before we head over there, I want you both to adjust your clothes so you look more like me. Open one more button on your blouses, and then hike your skirts up higher. You can roll the waistband over if you want�

&nbsp;&nbsp; Both girls compiled with Keri&#8217;s request, althoug Hanna hesitated a lot longer than Chelsea, unbuttoning another button and then hitching their already very short skirts higher. �Look&#8217;s like we&#8217;re ready,� Keri proclaimed. �Let&#8217;s go and meet slut.�

&nbsp;&nbsp; The three girls walked back up the promenade and out onto 5th Ave. Turning left, they all spotted slut standing on the steps of the great cathedral. she was quite easy to spot, dressed as she was , she appeared totally incongruous standing there.&nbsp; Both tourists and the devout alike cut her a wide berth as they made their way into and out of the famed edifice. Crossing 5th, the three girls all strode towards slut.

&nbsp;&nbsp; �This is Chelsea,� Keri said, indicating the Priestess, �and this is Hanna, Her hand Maiden.�


&nbsp;&nbsp; slut nodded, and replied, �my name is slut, and i am a slave of Mistress Ilsa, the woman you have been contacting regarding Her ceremony.� Neither girl seemed to register what they were hearing, rather, their eyes were fixated on the scarred breasts that were so copiously displayed by the low scoop neck of her top. The bulges of the breast bars were clearly exhibited as well, although neither girl could have fathomed what they were.&nbsp; �She has sent me,� she continued, �to talk to you, and feel you out, as She is somewhat intrigued by your request to attend the ceremony and offer help in anyway.

�Before i tell you what is expected of you, it is imperative that you understand that the world in which we live is founded upon trust. Total, absolute trust. Both the granting of it and the acceptance of it. If, for any reason, you do not possess the ability to accept and give complete trust, then this conversation ends, here and now. You may get back on te train and head home.

�But, if you are able, and willing to enter into a world of complete mutual trust, then you are to follow me, and do everything you are told. i can absolutely guarantee that no harm will come to either of you, in any form. You will also always be free to go. At no time will either of you, or Keri or i be in any danger whatsoever. Is that understood?�

�Yes,�Chelsea answered very quickly, adding, �Hanna and I are willing to learn and experience this world, and we will follow your instructions to the letter, won&#8217;t we Hanna?�

I know I hesitated again here, my already nervous stomach was twisted in knots. Chelsea gave me a stern glare, and I softly agreed, �Yes. We will do whatever you ask of us. We give you our trust and accept yours as well.�

�Very well then,� slut smiled. �Time for a little trip. Come with me.�

They walked down the steps from the cathedral together and stood at the curb while slut hailed a cab for us. Getting&nbsp; in the cab,and slut gave the driver an address on the lower west side.

The traffic got lighter as they moved south of the tourist Mecca of the city and in fifteen minutes, they found themselves on a quiet street in front of a tall old red brick building. slut paid the driver and they all got out and stood under an awning with huge distinctive letters which read �DERMIS.�

A very large black doorman held the cab door for them as they got out, and slut handed him a plastic card, which he examined, front and back, very carefully before swiping it through a scanner next to the door in the building. He punched in some code, and said, �All set ladies, please follow me.�

He politely held the big wooden door open for the four women as they entered into a beautiful marble foyer. The walls to the left and right sides had massive ornate gold framed mirrors above dark cherry sideboards. On each sideboard was a crystal vase filled with gorgeous bunches of fresh cut flowers. 

They walked over to an elevator, but there were no buttons to press to summon the car. It just seemed to sense their presence and opened on it&#8217;s own. Entering the car,&nbsp; again&nbsp; no buttons could be seen to push for floor selection. The doorman got in with them, and the door just shut. The car began to ascend.


�This way ladies,� the man said, as the elevator door opened. He was indicating that they were to follow him down the hall to the left. The hallway was narrow with dark wooden doors lining one side only. No windows, and only small flickering electric candles lit the corridor. 

�You may use this room,� he said, as he opened one of the doors and held it for them. �You&#8217;ve been here before,� he said to slut, �so you know the rules.�

 slut handed him a tip, which he fluidly palmed and slid into his pocket. �Thank you, Miss,� he said as he shut the door and left. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�This is an exclusive private club,� slut began. �There are basically only two rules here that must be strictly adhered to. The first is that everyone must be naked at all times. Everyone. The second is that you are allowed, expected actually, to ask anything of anyone, whenever you want. You can ask them a question or ask them to do something. They are allowed to answer you, truthfully, or they are allowed to refuse the question. They are allowed to do what you ask, or they may refuse. That is completely each person&#8217;s choice. You do not have to do anything you don&#8217;t wish to.�

�Except for slut,� Keri interrupted excitedly, her blouse already off, showing her all but non-existent chest. �slut isn&#8217;t allowed to ask anyone anything at all. And, she has to accept anything that is asked of her. Mistress&#8217; rules!� She was almost singing her words, her excitement impossible to contain. She had undone her skirt had let it fall in a heap on the carpet around her ankles. She kicked off her saddle shoes and she was naked, and eager!

slut was the next one to get undressed, first removing her top, then her tight skirt. Chelsea boldly followed suit, trying to seem as casual as she could. She opened her blouse and allowed it to slip slowly from her shoulders and drop to the floor. She let her skirt fall the same way. Then, almost defiantly, she turned her back on slut and Keri, bent over, giving all a good unobstructed view of her pussy and ass, and removed her socks and shoes. 

Hanna seemed lost in a fog. It took Chelsea prodding her with a stern, �Hanna, we&#8217;re waiting,� for the teen to undress as well. 

When everyone was naked, slut said, �Follow me, ladies,� and lead them through a different door than the one they had come in through. This one lead into a completely mirrored hallway, ceiling, walls and floor, all mirrors. The effect it created was of a multitude of naked women walking single file.

At the end of the hall was a solid wood door, which slut knocked on. It was opened by a very slender and quite tall stern looking black women. �Do come in,� she said with a smile, �Would you like a table, or would you prefer the lounge?�

�The lounge, please,� slut replied politely, returning the smile, knowingly. 

�Through the doors to the right, then,� she said.


slut thanked her, and started walking in that direction, Keri, Chelsea and Hanna following behind.

The main room had about twenty people in it, although it could have easily held twice that number. It was a complete mixture of people, with only one thing in common, they were all naked. They were male and female, black, white and Asian. There were people bordering on obese, and others who looked anorexic. Some had all over tans, while others were pale pasty white. Many wore body piercings, and some wore collars and leashes. The passing of four naked women hardly raised anyone&#8217;s interest. 

The lounge area had a bar with bar stools that were all made of clear Lucite plastic. The room was all mirrors, as the hallway had been, floor, walls and ceiling covered in reflective mirrors. Everyone, and everything exposed and open. Seven or eight people were already in the lounge, and one woman was on her hands and knees being fucked like a dog by a man. The rest of the people watched, casually sipping drinks and nibbling on food. The man took his pleasure with her pussy and ass, as he felt. She seemed to push back against him every time he thrust into her, maximizing the depth he attained in her bowels and cunt. 

Ast the bar, slut ordered four bottles of water.

The woman behind the bar was older, around seventy years of age, with silver hair and a bush that was all white. Her once perky breasts hung down now, flat against her abdomen, and loose wrinkled skin draped from her body. 

While she was getting the water, another man approached the woman on the floor and asked, �Would you suck my cock?�

�Yes,� she replied. And to further emphasize her compliance with his request, she lifted her head up and opened her mouth for him. The man knelt in front of her and she sucked his already hard cock right into her mouth, deep, his tangled thick matt of pubic hair covering her nose. She started to gag right away, as the man behind her ravaged her ass. Drool from her mouth mixed with snot from her nose as she choked on the thick cock. 

Breaking the silence, Keri turned to Chelsea and asked, �Chelsea, can I lick your pussy?�

Chelsea looked at Keri, and a sly smile broke from her mouth. �Yes, Keri,� she replied. Then she added, �But in our cult, we call it worshiping. Ask me again, only this time, ask if you may worship the Divine Folds of the Naked Pussy.�

Keri wasn&#8217;t the least bit put off by Chelsea&#8217;s demand, rather, she got right into it, and knelt at Chelsea&#8217;s bare feet, and looked straight ahead at the shaven folds, as she intoned, �Priestess, may I be allowed to worship the Divine Folds of the Naked Pussy?�

Chelsea stood stock still for a moment, before spreading her legs apart, as she said, �Yes, you may.�

Keri bent forward, and as she did, she folded her arms behind her back, clasping her elbows with her hands. Her skills as a fellatrix were immediately obvious to all who were watching, as Chelsea was instantly swept into the delicious sensations caused by Keri&#8217;s talented mouth. Chelsea was sighing and swaying to Keri&#8217;s oral abilities and training. 

Chelsea called out, �Hanna, I want you on all fours behind Keri, and I want you to clean her ass. Will you do that for me?�

Hanna didn&#8217;t flinch, as she responded obediently, �Of course, Priestess, as You wish,� and she got down behind Keri&#8217;s tight cheeks.

Keri bent over a bit more to make access easier for Hanna.

All eyes were on the trio of girls, commenting freely on everything from the expressions on their faces, to the skills all seemed to exhibit. 

One of the women watching looked at slut, and said, �Seems to me like you&#8217;re being neglected, what a waste of talent. What is your name, slave?�

�i am slut, Ma&#8217;am,� she answered proudly.

�slut, really? That&#8217;s your name?�

�Yes, Ma&#8217;am. my Owner gave it to me when She took me over as one of Her personnel slaves.�

�That explains the steel and the scars,� she commented, studying slut&#8217;s decorations. �And what limits have been put on you, slave?�

�None, Ma&#8217;am. my Mistress instructed me to obey any and all commands that i receive here today.�

�Interesting,� the woman said, her mind already in motion. �So, I can do anything I wish with you?�

�Certainly, Ma&#8217;am. i would be proud to serve you in any fashion you might wish.�

�In that case,� she paused a moment before stating with a louder tone, �I would like to see you whipped.�

�Of course, Ma&#8217;am,� slut replied, taking it in stride. If it would please you, please have me whipped.�

�Charlotte,� the women called out to the woman behind the bar, not taking her eye&#8217;s from slut&#8217;s face, �Please be so kind as to use the strap on this slave for me.�


The bartender smiled as she said, �My pleasure, Irene.�

She picked up a heavy black belt and came out from behind the bar, her eyes focused on slut the entire time. 

�Now, where shall we place you, slave,� she asked, mockingly.

�That all depends on what parts of my body you wish to whip, Ma&#8217;am,� slut answered dutifully. �If it is my ass and the backs of my legs, then i will bend over and grab my ankles. If you would prefer my belly and breasts, then i will stand with my hands folded behind my head.�

Charlotte looked over at Irene and said, �She&#8217;s been well trained.�

Then to slut, she asked, �Who is your Owner, slave?�

�Mistress Ilsa, Ma&#8217;am� slut replied, standing erect as she said it.

�Well then, I admire Her thoroughness. Let&#8217;s send you back to Her with my marks for Her to admire and appreciate. Let&#8217;s start with your chest, shall we?�

Wordlessly, slut turned to face Charlotte. Spreading her legs slightly, she clasped her hands behind her head, lacing her fingers together, the she pulled her shoulders back and thrust her chest forward.

Charlotte watched slut prepare herself, and doubled the thick belt over. Then she struck. He first stroke hard, and across both orbs together. 

slut grimaced and a short grunt was heard, but she just asked, �Would Madam like me to count the strokes for her?�

Charlotte had an evil smile on her face, as she sarcastically said, �Yes, that would be nice, as she struck slut again.

A few strokes later, and Keri came, crying out as she shook in the throes of it. Chelsea came a moment later as well. Then Keri, Hanna, and Chelsea sat cross-legged on the floor and watched slut take her beating.

There were already some thick swollen welts on the tops of slut&#8217;s redden breasts. Charlotte lowered her aim and started to lash slut&#8217;s firm flat stomach. A few of the strokes were so strong that slut was knocked backwards by them. She was crying now, and screamed when the particularly hard lashes landed, but she kept counting the blows, and never begged for mercy.


Charlotte seemed to be tiring a bit, when she asked slut to bend over and grab her ankles. her pussy and ass were open for all to see because she spread her legs wide when she bent over. The pink wetness of slut&#8217;s sex started to drip moisture as Charlotte whipped her rounded cheeks. Pale white skin went to pink, then to deep red, before the elderly barmaid stopped.

Charlotte lifted slut&#8217;s hanging head and kissed her full on the mouth. slut opened her mouth wide, accepting the probing tongue and opening herself to her.

�That was wonderful,� Irene said, approaching slut. �Thank you, slut.�

Standing back up, slut replied politely, �It is i who needs to thank You, Ma&#8217;am. �i am happy to have pleased You.�

Two more people entered the lounge just then. Both women. One of them was very thin, small breasted, with a heavy rod&nbsp; through each of her breasts, similar to the one slut wore in her&#8217;s. The other women was very fat, almost obese, her huge flat areolas and her pussy lips had been garishly painted red. 

Keri had jumped to her feet after watching slut being whipped, and she hugged and kissed slut many times, her tongue probing deep into slut&#8217;s mouth, as her hand caressed slut&#8217;s sex.

The pierced woman called out, �slut, it&#8217;s me, sara!�

slut broke from Keri&#8217;s embrace and said, �Hi, sara. How are you?�

sara said, � Fine, thanks, and gave slut a big hug, the breast bars of both women clanked together noisily. This is my good friend Stacy, slut.�

slut responded, � Pleased to meet you, Stacy,� and they shook hands.

Stacy stuttered, �H.......hi.....�, unable to look away from the spectacle of slut&#8217;s scars and steel, and the fresh welts that covered her naked body.

�my name is slut, Stacy. It&#8217;s okay. You can say it, or not. It really doesn&#8217;t bother me either way.�

Sensing Stacy&#8217;s level of distress, sara jumped in, offering, �slut&#8217;s Mistress took away her original name and bestowed the name &#8216;slut&#8217; upon her when She took over Ownership of her.�

Then, feeling a need to explain to slut, sara added, �Stacy is my closest friend from the vanilla side.�

slut nodded, and said, �This is Keri, i don&#8217;t know if you&#8217;ve met her before. She is Elaine&#8217;s niece. Remember her?�

�Yes, i do,� sara answered, looking at Keri with a smile.


�And these are my guests,� slut continued, indicating Hanna and Chelsea, �Chelsea, and her hand maiden, Hanna. Mistress Ilsa wanted to have me size them up for Her, so ii invited them here to see what they&#8217;re like.�

Just as slut finished her introductions, a man approached them, and asked, �May I examine those interesting bars you both wear?�

slut answered for both herself and Keri, saying, �But of course.� she turned to face him, and sara did the same. He lifted one of the brackets under slut&#8217;s breast, and bent over to see how the rod runs straight through the base of her breast, deeply, close to the rib cage itself. He then inspected sara&#8217;s the same way. 

The man fondled sara&#8217;s rings and said to her, �Even with your itty bitties the rod is buried deeply.�

�Yes,� sara answered proudly, �It was set as deep as possible.�

The man turned away and called out, �Toni, please come over here and see this.�

A trim and svelte middle aged woman got up from her chair and walked over to the man. She was in her late forties, judging by the obvious signs of childbirth on her body. Stretch marks, and drooping breasts all gave clues to her maturity. 

Not speaking, she looked at sara&#8217;s bars first, and then at slut&#8217;s. Speaking to sara, she said, �I like them in you, but with my loose tits, I think they would look ludicrous.� Then she pulled on the rings imbedded behind sara&#8217;s areolas, and said, �I do like these, though, a lot. �These would look&nbsp; nice in me, I think.

The man who had called her over smiled, as he said, �I think so too, Toni. I love your titties, but rings like these would make them really hot!?

�Let&#8217;s look into them, shall we,� Toni asked? She turned back to sara and gave her a kiss on the cheek, tugged one of the rings, and whispered, �Thank you.�

Everyone wandered back into their separate groups, with Stacy and sara, slut, Keri, Chelsea, and Hanna, seated at the bar sipping water. A few minutes passed before Keri&#8217;s impatience won out. �slut and sara are not allowed to ask anyone anything. And they can&#8217;t just do something, so would anyone of you like to do something with them, or ask them to do something?�

Chelsea hopped off her barstool and said, �I would!�

Everyone looked at her and heard her announce, �I&#8217;d like to have sara whip my pussy with a belt!�

�What,� sara exclaimed, shocked by the young girl&#8217;s proclamation.

�You heard me,� Chelsea stated again, defiantly. �I want you to whip my pussy with a belt.�

sara got off her stool slowly, not even bothering to look the girl in the face, choosing instead to look at Chelsea in the mirror behind the bar. �As you wish. I will give your little pussy a whipping you will long remember!�

Charlotte handed sara the same belt she had used on slut earlier. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�Get up on that table and open your legs for me,� sara commanded sternly. 

Without any hesitancy, Chelsea backed up to the table and laid back on the clear top. She bent her knees to bring her bare feet up to her ass, so she could grab them with her hands. The girl displayed her youthful limber body as she opened her legs so wide that her knees fanned out and rested on to of the table. Her pussy was gaping wide.

Keri wanted in on the scene, and looking at the open sex, said, �I want to make her wet, sara.�

�Of course, Keri,� sara answered.

Keri got between Chelsea&#8217;s widely splayed legs and showed off her skills. She didn&#8217;t start gradually and build it up, Instead, she dug right in, sucking and biting savagely, until Chelsea&#8217;s moans told her the girl was seconds from release. 

�Now she&#8217;s ready, sara. Beat her,� Keri said, licking her lips.

Sara slapped her own hand several times with the heavy leather belt, by way of letting Chelsea and all assembled know this wasn&#8217;t going to be a soft beating. 

She struck without warning, slashing the exposed sex as hard as she dared.

Chelsea yelled out, but said thank you to sara right away. 

sara hot her ten times in a row, bringing Chelsea into a world of pain and screams. But, somehow, Chelsea always managed to thank her after each stroke.

Keri stopped sara, saying, �Wait. I want to see how warm her skin is.�

She didn&#8217;t wait for an approval from sara, she just stuck her head back into Chelsea&#8217;s sex and started biting and sucking again. In seconds, Chelsea was ready to explode.

Keri pulled back a bit, Chelsea&#8217;s clit stretched out from it&#8217;s sheath between her teeth, as she said, �Want to cum, Chelsea?�

�Yes, please,� Chelsea said, her eyes closed.

�Then I want you to beg sara for ten more lashes. Take ten more from her, and I&#8217;ll bring you off.�


Chelsea lay still for a few moments. She seemed to be mulling it over before decideing. 
The decision mad, Chelsea opened her eyes and looked right into sara&#8217;s pale blue eyes, as she said, �Please sara. Please whip my pussy ten more times.

�But, but please,.....I beg you. Please do it harder!�

�I would be happy to, Chelsea,� sara said, a wicked smile on her face.

If she had held anything back on the first ten strokes, she by no means would now.

The first lash cut through the air in a blur, as Chelsea jumped from the table screaming. Her knees slammed shut, and she started to ball up, when she must have realized her error.

�Please forgive me,� she said, assuming her open position again. �Please sara, please give me three extra strokes for having closed my legs to you.�

sara&#8217;s face took a sinister look as she said, �As you wish,� and she slammed the belt into Chelsea&#8217;s crotch five times without pause. 

The poor girl was beyond herself with pain, screaming and shaking, fighting the urge to close her legs, to beg for it to stop. sara paused only a few seconds before striking again, only this time the belt landed off target, much higher on the young teens belly, just below her navel.

�Sorry,� sara said, genuinely.

Through Chelsea&#8217;s tears, she managed to stay in the scene, as she replied, �No need to be.� Then, before sara struck her again, Chelsea added, �Whip me wherever you please.�

sara didn&#8217;t need any more encouragement then that, as she battered first Chelsea&#8217;s left breast with three hard strokes, and then paid equal homage to the right one, which left her with just one more stroke to deliver. 

While sara paused, allowing Chelsea time to anticipate the last lash, Chelsea said,�Please sara, use the buckle.�

�Stunned, sara stammerd, �What? Are you sure?�

�Y....yes. I.........I...am sure.�

Then she turned her head to Hanna, and said, �And Hanna, would you and slut please hold my knees down on the table? I don&#8217;t think I will be able to keep them apart when sara hits me.�

Hanna&#8217;s face was pale and tears were in the corners of her eyes, as, dutifully, she answered, �O.......kay, Chelsea.�


Hanna and slut each took control over one of Chelsea&#8217;s legs at the knee, leaning down on them, pinning the girl&#8217;s legs to the table top.

sara wrapped the belt around her hand a few times, getting a firm grip on the belt, the buckle dangling menacingly down. she let it flop across the beet red skin of Chelsea&#8217;s ravaged mound, the cold metal causing a slight involuntary twitch. Pulling gently on the belt, sara caused the buckle to slide forward and drop between her parted lower lips and hitting the plastic table top with an audible clanking sound. Then she raised the belt high above her head, and taking careful ai, she brought the metal buckle down into Chelsea&#8217;s pussy with all her strength. 

The lounge was instantly filled by the sound of Chelsea screaming. She thrashed about so violently that she knocked Hanna to the floor as she doubled up in a tight ball from the searing pain. slut was able to keep the one knee pinned to the table, and she let her hand drift up Chelsea&#8217;s thigh to gently caress the bruised sex.

It was a few minutes before Chelsea had calmed down enough to thank sara properly for administering the whipping to her sex. sara gave Chelsea a long hug, their faces against each other. After that, Keri buried her face in Chelsea and brought her off.

Stacy had been completely taken in by the whipping, never once even looking away from the violent spectacle. Very quietly, so almost no one noticed, she tapped sara on the shoulder, and said, softly, �M....may I touch your nipple rings, sara?�

sara replied, �Of course you may, Stacy,� and she turned to give her friend a full frontal view of her chest and it&#8217;s steel. 

Stacy reached up and very softly fingered the rings with both her hands. She seemed to be trying to avoid toucjh0ng the breasts themselves, just wanting to touch the invading steel. �I....� she triled off.

�What, Stacy? Remember, you can ask anything here,� sara gently reminded her friend. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�Yes. I remember,� Stacy agreed. �I...I....was just going to s.....say that.........I really..........I really like these.�

sara was brightly smiling now, �i do too. Most people who have piercings in their chest have bars or hoops through their nipples,� sara explained. �i like these better for a lot of reasons.

�First of all, they make my breasts seem to stick out more prominently.� sara had placed her hands on top of Stacy&#8217;s, holding them even tighter to her rings and nipples. �More pointed,� she continued. �They are also stronger, since they were placed more deeply that usual in my breasts, so they will allow heavier weights to be attached without worry of them ever tearing out.�

Stacy was fixated on the rings, and started to pull on them a bit harder, testing sara&#8217;s statement about the strength. �Did they hurt,� she asked at last?

�i&#8217;d be lying if i tried to tell you otherwise, Stacy,� sara admitted honestly, then quickly adding, �But it&#8217;d not bad, and the pain goes away pretty quickly after the needle goes through.�

Stacy was deep in thought, and still fingering the steel, with sara&#8217;s fingers guding hers. �What do you think about m.....me getting them?�

sara got bubbly as she said, �i think they&#8217;d look great! You&#8217;ve got such big areolas that the rings would have to be larger in diameter and be pierced even deeper than mine.� sara looked at Stacy&#8217;s huge tits, and manipulated the tips, and she said, �It would give your breasts more definition, as the tips would be more pointed.� She gave a slight pinch to emphasize her statement.

Stacy&#8217;s face went from a smile to a frown as she thought, and said, �What about my husband? What do you think he&#8217;d say?�

�sara was quiet for a second, thinking, then, with a furrowed brow, she replied, �my first reaction is that since you&#8217;re not Owned by someone, it doesn&#8217;t matter what he thinks. Your body is your&#8217;s and your&#8217;s alone. You haven&#8217;t given it to someone, as i have. So, its&#8217;s up to you, really. 

�Also, i haven&#8217;t ever met a man who wasn&#8217;t fascinated and turned on by piercings there. So, unless he&#8217;s some kind of prude, i would think he would love it!�

sara thought for a moment, then added, �Just a word to the wise, though. If you&#8217;re really considering it.�

�What&#8217;s that?�

�He might love it so much, having you pierced, that he asks you to get more. Like in your labia, or even through your clit hood. 

Stacy didn&#8217;t seem shocked by the warning, rather, she said, �Wow, do you really think so?�

�It&#8217;s a possibility,� her friend said.

�Could you help me get it done,� she asked without pause? �You know,.........take me where you had it done, maybe?�

�Sure Stacy,� sara responded, taking Stacy&#8217;s hand. �i&#8217;d be happy to.�

Stacy looked at sara and asked softly, �Today?�

�If you like. After we leave we could go there. Sure.�

Stacy&#8217;s face broke out in a huge smile and she hugged and kissed her friend freely, almost crushing the petite sara in her arms with her flabby breasts and belly.

As Stacy let go, she half whispered, �sara?�

�Yes?�

�Would you kiss me?�

Laughing it off, sara said, �Of course. We just did!�

�No............I mean...........would you kiss me........down there,� and she pointed towards her pussy, cleared embarrassed by her own request.

sara stared at Stacy a moment, completely taken aback by her seemingly straight friend&#8217;s request. 
�Yes.........if it&#8217;s what you want.�

�I do, sara.......I do, but..........�

�But what, Stacy,� sara asked, uncomfortable by her friend&#8217;s embarrassed state.

Stacy looked around, and saw that all ears were waiting for her to speak. She leaned in to sara and whispered something in her ear, so that it was completely private between them.

sara stepped back, somewhat put off, and said, �So ask her, Stacy. Remember what i told you? You can ask anyone anything, okay?�

�Okay,� she said, looking at the floor, visibly saddened by sara&#8217;s obvious disappointment in her attitude. 

Stacy looked over at Hanna, and then quickly glance back at sara for reassurance.

sara prodded her, �Go ahead Stacy,� her eyes boring into Stacy&#8217;s, �Ask her.�

Stacy slowly turned to face Hanna, and raised her eyes to meet those of the naked teen. �Hanna,� she paused uncomfortable with what she was doing, �Would........would you let me k......kiss you,.......d........down there?� Her eyes dropped to Hanna&#8217;s bald pussy.

Before responding, Hanna looked at her Priestess for guidance, and saw an all but invisible nod from Chelsea. Confident in her Priestess&#8217; wishes, Hanna looked back at Stacy, and replied, �Yes, you may.�

sara made Stacy lay down on the floor on her back, with her knees bent and open. Her pendulous breasts drooped to either side of her chest, and she was breathing heavily, nervous at what she had entered into. Then she positioned Hanna so that she knelt over Stacy&#8217;s mouth, one leg on either side of her head, her ass hole at Stacy&#8217;s nose. Sara got down between her friend&#8217;s open legs on her elbows and knees and started to lick, while Stacy followed sara&#8217;s oral techniques with Hanna.

Within seconds, Hanna was purring and moaning softly, rocking on Stacy&#8217;s face, grinding her puckered real hole onto Stacy&#8217;s nose. Chelsea got off her stool and stepped over to us. �Stacy,� she said. �I would like to have Hanna slap your tits. Would you like that?�

A distant and muffled, �Yes.....please,� came from between Hanna&#8217;s thighs.

Hanna began to alternate hands, slapping the fleshy bags, knocking them back and forth obscenely. She started softly, but increased the ferocity with each slap, causing Stacy&#8217;s tits to quickly redden. 

Stacy was moaning from the sweet mixture of pain and pleasure which she was experiencing for the first time. She came at about the same instant as Hanna. No one moved, as they all seemed reluctant to break the position and loose the moment.

The ringing of a telephone behind the bar brought everyone back to the present.

Charlotte answered it and handed the receiver over the bar, saying, �It&#8217;s for you, slut.�

slut took it, and politely said, �Thank you.�

�Yes,� she said, and then listened obediently for a few seconds before replying, �As You wish, Mistress.�

slut offered the phone to Chelsea, �Mistress Ilsa would like to speak with you, Chelsea,� she explained.

�Yes, Mistress Ilsa,� she said.

�I have been watching you and your little friend,� Ilsa said. The lounge has many cameras as well as microphones for My viewing pleasure.

�I am quite impressed by your commitment and your ability to accept pain. I am extending an invitation to you and all of the girls in your Cult to attend the ceremony. You will not be guests, but rather, you will be participants. This will require absolute trust and obedience from all of you. No one will be permanently harmed, but you, and all of your girls, will all suffer pain and humiliation for me.

�Will you accept my terms.�

�With great pleasure, Mistress,� Chelsea answered. �We will be proud to serve You in any way You wish it.�


































&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 











NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE


By Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 30


PRELUDE TO A COLLARING



It was the Tuesday before David&#8217;s slave, diana was to be collared. Mistress Ilsa outlined slut&#8217;s tasks for the day as She sipped Her morning coffee, Her slave under the table, face buried in her Mistress&#8217;s sex. �You will need to gas the car first, then head downtown to �Le Badin Chat� and pick up My order. They called yesterday and confirmed that it&#8217;s all in. It&#8217;s been pre-paid, so you&#8217;ll not need money. Go directly from there to Connecticut. I want you to make sure Roberto and his crew are progressing, at least, if they haven&#8217;t yet finished with the construction. Call Me if there is a problem.&nbsp; The food for the weekend&nbsp; won&#8217;t be delivered until Thursday, so there&#8217;s nothing needed there. Change the sheets in My bedroom, as well as in the guest bedrooms, do the laundry. you&#8217;ll need to dust and vacuum the house as well I&#8217;m sure.&nbsp; Let Me know if the gardener hasn&#8217;t&nbsp; cut the grass yet. you may stay up there over night if it&#8217;s too late to come home when you&#8217;re through, if that&#8217;s the case, I will expect a phone call.&nbsp; If you stay up there, you will have to&nbsp; leave tomorrow morning, in time to be here by 10:00. Understood?�

slut pulled back from Ilsa&#8217;s pussy just far enough to answer, �Yes, Mistress,� and then went back to her task at hand, keeping her Mistress on the edge, but not going over to release until she was told to 

�Of course, it goes without saying that you are to be naked the entire time you are up there. In fact, I want you to get undressed on the side of the road before driving on the property at all. And you are to make yourself available to Roberto and any of his men as well,&nbsp; however they wish.�

Fifteen minutes later, Ilsa ordered slut to bring Her off, and then She sent her to draw Her bath.
slut bathed her Mistress tenderly, gently, lovingly. she toweled her dry with a luxuriantly soft oversized towel while Ilsa stood in the soapy water. Ilsa emptied Her bladder into the rapidly cooling bath water and placed one foot on the edge of the tub, enabling Her slave to clean Her afterward. 

As Ilsa dressed, slut bathed in the used bath water. she was permitted to use Ilsa&#8217;s discarded towel to dry herself off as well. �The white sun dress is all you&#8217;ll need, slut,� Ilsa told Her slave.

slut knew which one She meant. A very short, flimsy light weight material, loose fitting, the top four buttons had been cut off, and very see through. Her breasts and the steel that pierced them always available to the eye. �Sandals, I think,� She added, �White ones.�

�Yes, Mistress,� slut replied, from her knees, rummaging in the box where her shoes were kept.

As the slave and her Owner hugged each other good bye, Ilsa slipped Her hand up underneath slut&#8217;s dress and inserted two fingers deeply into the slave&#8217;s sex. She fingered her for a few moments and then abruptly pulled her hand out and slid the moist fingers into slut&#8217;s mouth for cleaning. 

slut picked up the black Cayenne from the garage and headed to the West Side for gas, before venturing to the Village to Le Badin Chat, one of Ilsa&#8217;s favorite fetish shops. Traffic was surprisingly light as she headed south on 7th Ave. towards Bleeker St. she found a parking place off Leroy, fed the meter and walked the three blocks to the anything but discrete sex shoppe.

Marcus Fesjian, the proprietor, was behind the counter engaged in a heated conversation with a pair of drag queens in full regalia. slut didn&#8217;t pick up on the gist of the argument, but the animated exchange was heated and loud, indicating a high level of passion from all sides. Without even acknowledging her, Marcus bent over and picked up a large cardboard box from beneath the counter, which he placed on the counter and slid in slut&#8217;s direction. she put her hands on it and asked, �Just the one?�

�Yup,&#8217; he answered and jumped right back in the dialogue with the queens.

slut picked up the box and took it back to the Cayenne. It was deceptively heavy, at least twenty pounds, she guessed, making her wish she had sought out a closer parking place than the one she had taken.&nbsp; Hitting the remote she opened the door and&nbsp; placed it on the back seat. she knew better than to even think about opening it. It belonged to Mistress Ilsa, and it&#8217;s contents were Her business, and Hers alone. although she was curious about what it contained. she was sure it would have something to do with the upcoming collaring ceremony, of that she was certain. And if the contents involved her, Mistress Ilsa would make that known when it suited Her, and not before.

Traffic reports said the FDR was jammed up with an accident in the nineties, so slut opted instead for the West Side Highway to the Alexander Hamilton Bridge. From there she took the Saw Mill River Parkway north, before heading east to the Hutchinson River Parkway and the Merritt in Connecticut. It was a nice day to travel, not too hot, sunny, and with exceedingly light traffic. she found herself on the two lane road Ilsa&#8217;s home was on in under two hours from when she left the Village.

About a mile before the driveway leading to Ilsa&#8217;s estate, slut saw the flashing lights of a local Sheriff&#8217;s Department Deputy cruiser flashing behind her. she was suddenly happy her Mistress hadn&#8217;t mandated that she drive the entire trip baked. Slowing the SUV down, she flipped on the turn signal and pulled off the narrow road onto the grassy shoulder. The cop did the same. 


He didn&#8217;t get out of his car for three or four minutes, making her wait, and at the same time heightening her anxiety as to why she had been stopped. she hadn&#8217;t been speeding, that she knew, as these roads were so full of twists and turns, blind driveways, and animals that she always drove with caution, and about five mph under the posted limit. slut reasoned that he was running the license plates before coming over to her. Finally, in her rearview mirror, she could see his door open.

His image in the mirror made him to be on the short side, 5'7" possibly, a large belly drooping over his belt, totally obscuring his belt buckle. Large mirrored sunglasses covered his eyes. He was putting his hat on over his balding head as he came up behind the Cayenne. His right hand on the butt of his gun. Standing behind her, tapping on her window.

slut lowered her window, �License and proof of insurance, Ma&#8217;am,� he said.

Reaching over the seat to the glove box, slut found the necessary paper work and handed it out the window to him.

�Know why I pulled you over,� he asked as he studied the photo on slut&#8217;s license and comparing&nbsp; it to her.�

�No, officer,� she said, looking straight ahead not looking at him. 

�You didn&#8217;t use your turn signal back there on Ridge Road.�

�i&#8217;m sorry,� she said, knowing he was lying, and refusing to rise to his baiting her. �i thought i did.�

He was looking down the open top of her sun dress at her scarred breasts as she spoke. �Well, you didn&#8217;t. 

�Who does this car belong to?�

�It belongs to my lover, I&#8217;m running an errand for Her, so She had me use Her car.�

�Really.� He came closer to the window to get a better look. slut&#8217;s legs were exposed almost to her crotch in the short dress. �Your lover, you say.�

�Yes, officer, my lover.�

�And her name would be?�

�Ilsa. Ilsa Strauch.�

�And where does she live, Miss?�


�This car is registered at Her residence in Manhattan , but She also owns a house up here in Litchfield, about a mile or so up this road.�

�Oh she does, does she?�

At this point a second cruiser showed up, lights flashing. slut knew the local police to be very protective of their jurisdiction, but this was a little over kill even for them. 

A female cop got out of the second car and strode over, hand ob her gun. She was big, taller than the male cop, and a solid 150 pounds of muscle. She wore a short sleeved uniform shirt that showed clear definition of her bulging biceps and triceps. Both of her forearms were tattooed. Her hair was close cropped, almost buzz cut.&nbsp; �What have we got here, Smitty?� she asked as she approached.

�This car&#8217;s been reported stolen, and I&#8217;ve just been stalling her while you came so you could search her proper like.�

�Stolen,� slut exclaimed? �That&#8217;s ridiculous. Just call Ilsa, she&#8217;ll tell you I have the use of Her car with Her permission.&#8217;

The female cop ignored her, and said, �Please step out of the car, Ma&#8217;am.�

Smitty opened the driver door and watched as slut swung her legs out, giving a clear view of her panty-less crotch to the female officer.

�Got any problem with me looking through your car, Ma&#8217;am,� the male cop asked?

�Of course not,� slut answered, nervous and perturbed at the same time. �Go right ahead.�

�Turn and face the car for me, Ma&#8217;am,� the female said. �Hands behind your back.�

�What,� slut barked?

�I know you heard me, bitch, don&#8217;t make me make it any harder on you than it needs to be. Hands behind your back!�

slut complied and felt the steel handcuffs tighten on her wrists. 

�Now missy, you got any weapons hidden on you someplace,� the female cop asked, as her hands felt up the inside of slut&#8217;s thighs. 

�Of course i don&#8217;t,� slut replied.

�Then what have we here?� she mocked her in a sarcastic retort, her hands feeling the rod in slut&#8217;s breasts.

�Got a problem, Green,� Smitty asked, pulling his head out of the back of the Porsche?

�Nope, nothin&#8217; I can&#8217;t take care of. �I think she may be concealing, so I&#8217;m just gonna take her somewhere quiet so I can pat her down better s&#8217;all. You go through the car, I&#8217;ll take care of her.�

Green took hold of slut&#8217;s upper arm and pulled her along off the road.

�What are you doing? Where are you taking me?� slut asked loudly, pulling against the much stronger woman.

�I&#8217;m taking you someplace where I can give you a proper search for concealed weapons, missy. Wouldn&#8217;t want anyone to see you like that on the road. Although, judgin&#8217; by th&#8217;way your dressed, I&#8217;d say you&#8217;re pretty used to havin&#8217; people seein&#8217; ya naked. Probably like it too.�

Green took her into a small stand of trees adjacent to a farmer&#8217;s field. She looked around making sure they were alone, then she said, �You play ball with me, Missy, &#8216;n maybe we&#8217;ll letcha go. Besides, we might have a little fun in the process as well. Ya get my drift?�

�Yes,� slut answered, quickly mulling over her options, which seemed few if any. �I&#8217;ll do whatever you ask,� she added. Getting Ilsa involved in this could be embarrassing, she decided. Better to do what these two wanted and pretend nothing happened.

�Smart thinkin&#8217;, Missy,� Green unlocked the handcuffs. 

�I need to give you a good search for contraband, so strip!�

slut undid the few buttons on her sun dress and let it fall back off her shoulders, revealing her steel breast bars and vaginal piercings. 

�Well, that&#8217;s a new one on me, Missy. Got that rod runnin&#8217; right through your boobies, doncha?
Turn around and bend over. Time to check your holes for contrband.�

slut turned and faced away from the female police officer. she bent over and grabbed her ankles, spreading her legs apart.

�Nice view from here,� Green commented. No latex gloved for her. She plunged three fingers in slut&#8217;s cunt, digging around roughly on the pretext of �searching� for something.

�Nothin&#8217; up there, next hole, Missy.�

Same three fingers, ungloved, moist with slut&#8217;s eternal wetness. �Good thing you got lube going for ya. Makes it easier for me, and that makes it easier for you,� she chuckled at her stab at humor.


�Nothing in the car, Green,� Smitty said, as he walked up on them, unfazed by what he was seeing. �Her phone was beeping. Text message. Check it out!�

He handed the open cell phone to the female cop. She read it aloud; �I hope you are co-operating with the law enforcement officers, in any way necessary, slut.� 

There is only one person with the number for that phone, and She is the only person who both calls it, or received calls from it. Ilsa had somehow set this whole police stop in motion. slut had no choice but to obey whatever these two wanted.

�Looks like someone knows this bitch, eh, Smitty?�

�Sounds like it to me,� he agreed. �Guess we can get a little &#8216;co-operation&#8217; from her, Green. He pronounced it with&nbsp; a long &#8216;O&#8217;, emphasizing it. �Ya wanna go first?�

�You betcha! I&#8217;m not playin&#8217; with her cooze after you dump yer stuff in it. I want some privacy though. Why don&#8217;t you call in that we&#8217;re takin&#8217; our break, so we don&#8217;t get called away before she gives us her &#8216;co-operation?�

�Good idea. Have fun!�

Smitty left Green and slut alone and went back to his cruiser to await his turn.

Green grabbed slut by the ring in her septum and pulling their faces together. slut opened her mouth slightly, sensing what the woman wanted from her, and she was right. Green&#8217;s tongue forced itself into slut&#8217;s mouth, deep, as her hands freely roamed all over slut&#8217;s naked body, exploring, pinching, and probing. 

When Green broke the embrace she was out of breath. �You&#8217;ve had some practice with women I see,� she commented.

�Yes. my training has not been limited to pleasuring men.�

�So,� Green paused, looking for the proper words, �This Ilsa Strauch has some hold over you?�
Her fingers were idly splaying and rubbing slut&#8217;s hardened clit.

�i belong to Her. She is my Owner, and i am Her slave.�

�Really!�

�Yes.�

�So you do whatever she tells you to?�

�Yes.�


�So then, what she meant on that text was for you to do whatever we want?�

�Yes.�

�Okay then.�

slut could see that the new found total freedom was a bi too much for the female cop to process.

�Lay down on your back, cunt,� Green said, deciding what she wanted to do and suddenly becoming aggressive.

slut obeyed, laying down in the grass, spreading her legs wide.

Green got down on her hands and knees and started licking slut&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; She removed her nightstick from it&#8217;s holder and began to fuck slut&#8217;s pussy with it while she was nibbling on the swollen bud atop the splayed slit. Her prowess and skill in oral pleasures didn&#8217;t go unnoticed to slut. Tilting back her head and closing her eyes, slut let the cop take her to a more than satisfying orgasm.

�My turn now, cunt,&#8217; Green said, as she stood up and unbuckled her gun belt. Then she undid the belt of her uniform trousers and dropped them to her ankles, revealing a small black thong. 

slut knelt in front of&nbsp; her and pulled the thing down, exposing her clean shaven mound. Leaning forward, slut began to reciprocate orally. Green&#8217;s hands went behind slut&#8217;s head, pulling her in closer, and making breathing a lot more difficult for slut. 

She came in under two minutes.

As she got her uniform straightened out, Green said, �Wait here for Smitty.�

�Yes, Ma&#8217;am,� slut responded, still on her knees.

Green left and a few moments later, the fat male cop approached her.

�I&#8217;ve had some time to figure what I want from you, you little whore. I&#8217;m going for an around the world. Know what that is?�

�No Sir, i&#8217;m sorry, i&#8217;ve never heard that expression before. But ii will do whatever it is you require.�

�Well, cunt, an around the world means you&#8217;re gonna give me a blow job, then I&#8217;m gonna fuck you in the pussy and then in the ass!�

�If that&#8217;s what you wish,� she said, reaching out to open his pants.


slut pulled down his pants and saw his boxers, with stains on the front of the crotch. she slid them down and saw his small penis hiding in one of the densest thickets of pubic hair she had ever seen. Gently, slut took hold of the penis and held the flaccid flesh in her hand as she sucked it into her mouth. It started to stiffen as she swirled her tongue around it in her mouth.

�Hmmmm,� he moaned, �Keep sucking that cock, bitch. Get it good an&#8217; hard so&#8217;s I can fuck your pussy.�

she kept at it until he said, �Okay, bitch. I&#8217;m gonna fuck you like a dog. Get on your hands and knees!�

slut turned around, exposing her rear to Smitty and waited for him to mount her. 

Smitty placed the tip of his dick in her box and entered her slowly.&nbsp; He took his time, relishing each thrust. He was forced to stop after less than fifteen seconds for fear of cumming too soon.

�Now it&#8217;s time to fuck you in the ass, sweetie. Get ready!�

He wiped his wet dick around her puckered brown eye and lined his cock up with the target. No taking his time here. He drove into her rear portal with one hard thrust and pounded her as fast and deep as he could go. 

slut was sure he would spill his seed in her bowels, but at the last second, he pulled out and grabbed her by the arm, turning her to face him. �Take it,� he ordered her.

slut sucked his cock, tasting herself as he shot his load into her mouth. He kept spurting, filling her mouth as she sucked him to the back of her throat.&nbsp; When he was spent, she swallowed and cleaned him off.

Smitty pulled up his pants and said. �Get dressed!�

He turned his back on her and walked away as he buckled his gun belt.\

slut picked up her sun dress and put it back on. By the time she had walked out of the field and reached her car, the two patrol cruisers were no where to be seen. The road was completely deserted. Before getting back in the Cayenne, slut decided it would be easier to undress now rather than drive a little over a mile and do it at the driveway, so she removed the sun dress once again and tossed it into the backseat.

When she reached the house at the end of the long driveway, there were no other vehicles in sight. slut had expected to see the truck belonging to Roberto, but it was no where to be seen. she got out of the car and headed for the house. There was a lengthy list of tasks she had to perform and she wanted to get a jump on them. Just before she got to the front door, she remembered the carton form Le Chat, so she went back to the car to retrieve it. Brining it into the house, she decided to put it on the desk in Ilsa&#8217;s study.

slut attacked the bedrooms first, stripping the beds and getting the sheets and pillowcases into the washing machine. That done, she remade Ilsa&#8217;s bed as well as the ones in the guest bedrooms. The three bathrooms were next on the list. Fresh towels, wash clothes and bath mats, scrubbing the showers, tubs and toilets, followed by washing the tiled floors.

As she was coming up from the basement, having switched the load from the washer to the dryer,
there was a knock at the kitchen door. slut answered it, and found Roberto standing there. �Ah, senorita,� he said, with a thick accent. �Como esta? You look lovely today.� He eyeballed her nakedness from head to toe.

�Is there something i can do for you, Roberto?� she asked, already knowing why he was standing there.

�Si, Senorita. My men and I have been waiting all day for you to come. Senora Ilsa, she say we might be able to enjoy some of your company today, yes?�

�Yes, that is correct, but first, I think, I am supposed to see how your construction is going.�

�Si, si. Yes. Please come with me, Senorita, please I will show you how far we have gotten. Yes? Then we will have some fun, no?�

Roberto held the back door open for slut. When she was outside he called out, �Hey muchachos!�

Four men were standing around leaning against the side of Roberto&#8217;s pick up truck. When they heard Roberto call out, they all looked as one and saw the naked slave with their boss. Whistles and what slut took to be catcalls in Spanish followed, as the men ran over to where Roberto and slut were waiting.

The men formed a circle around slut and Roberto. They were all relatively short, with ruddy dark complexions, from their time spent toiling in the sun. Their dress was all similar, well worn dirty white t shirts and faded soiled denim jeans, filthy baseball caps, with work boots caked in soil. All four were covered in dirt and sweat from their labors, and all four were looking at slut with a rabid hunger in their dark eyes.

�Come, Senorita. Let me show you what we have done for Senora Ilsa,� Roberto said, leading slut away from the house.


Roberto&#8217;s men followed behind them, apparently enjoying the view of her naked flanks. She hadn&#8217;t been in the direction he was taking her in quite a while, always avoiding the thought of returning here.&nbsp; Her stomach started to knot up as she realized where they were going. Vivid memories of an horrific event started to flash through her mind. They were tracing the steps taken when Ilsa&#8217;s slave, whore, was going to be crucified. whore had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and as her final parting gift to her Owner, her Mistress, she offered to die by crucifixion for Her. It was at ceremony that Sir Campbell, slut&#8217;s previous Master, when she was known as nicole, abandoned her in front of the assembled guest and publically gave her over to Mistress Ilsa. 

As they neared the clearing where the crucifixion had taken place, and where whore&#8217;s body had been buried, slut saw six new crosses standing upright in a circle about thirty feet in diameter, with three St. Andrew&#8217;s crosses set up as well. One of them was in the center of the circle, while the other two straddled the path they were walking on, about twenty feet before the circle of crosses.

All the crosses were constructed from weather worn wood, bleached from the sun, rough with splintered fragments jutting out everywhere. Three inch steel rings were securely bolted into the wood at various points, making them more universal for affixing victims of their hideous and painful tortures. 

�Do you think the Senora will be pleased, Senorita?� Roberto asked.

slut was driven to silence by what she was seeing, and was unable to respond.

�We still have to set up the tent with the chairs and tables, but we are finished with the construction. We followed her plans just as she drew them,� he added

�Now, what about what Senora Ilsa has promised us, eh, Senorita?�

Still unable to talk, slut just nodded her acquiescence. she didn&#8217;t even care that five filthy laborers were about to use her like a lowly third world street whore. All she could think of was the brutal, violent, painful death of Ilsa&#8217;s slave, and the role she had played in it.

�Aqui esta,� Roberto said, and instantly eight calloused hands were groping, probing, rubbing, pinching, and fondling the naked slave. Mouths suckled her breasts. Fingers probed her anus and pussy. Tongues pushed into her mouth. 

The men were shedding their clothes as they toyed with her. Then the eight hands grabbed her arms and legs, lifted her up and laid her down flat on her back. There was no need for them to pin her down, or to hold her open. The directive she had been given from Mistress Ilsa did all of that for them. The orders of her Owner became, in actuality, Her hands pinning her body to the ground. Her hands spreading her legs open. Her hands offering slut&#8217;s mouth, pussy and ass to these strangers. This directive from Ilsa meant that she would be totally compliant. 

They were on her like a pack of ravenous wolves in a feeding frenzy. As one man took her, another straddled her head and entered her mouth, and her hands were busy keeping the other two men hard. 


While slut wasn&#8217;t concentrating on what was happening, she believed the men would all just fuck her quickly and it would be done. she couldn&#8217;t have been more incorrect in her assessment of the situation. The men would all switch positions, many times, no one cumming, prolonging their time with her. After tiring of her being on her back, the men lifted her onto all fours and took turns kneeling at her face and fucking her mouth, while another would take her like a dog from behind. she was certain they would take her ass as well, but for some unfathomable reason, they didn&#8217;t take her tighter rear portal, preferring to use her pussy and mouth exclusively.

Roberto undressed and stroked himself as he watched his compatriots taking their pleasures with the puta. The workers flipped slut over on her back again, and stood up, leaving her lying on the ground as Roberto approached. �El Mano Dura, El Mano Dura,� (The big stick)they chanted in unison, laughing at their private joke. Lifting her head from the ground slightly, slut saw Roberto standing between her open legs, idly stroking his cock. her eyes widened at the sight of it. While it was of average length, about 5" long, it was the thickest and meatiest piece of man meat she had ever seen. A rock solid 2 �" in diameter, with ropes of thick blue veins running up an down the shaft. The purple head poking through the uncircumcised end,&nbsp; a generous bead of pre-cum seeping from the slit. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�Kneel, puta,� he growled menacingly at her.

she did as she was told, and stared eye to eye with the beefy tool. 

�Open your mouth, bitch,� he hissed, smiling.

slut opened her mouth. He slowly fed his meat into it, burying it until she had taken it all to the back of her throat. she had to concentrate to open wide enough to take it all in, and avoid making contact with her teeth. Her jaw was starting to ache from being open as wide as it would go. The length posed no problem for her, she had taken much longer cocks well past her gag reflex, but the girth was more than a challenge. 

The men were laughing as they watched her face distort with each hard thrust as Roberto fucked her face. she endured it until he said, �Now we&#8217;ll drill your pussy, cunt!�

He got between her legs and started pumping into her like a machine, his balls slapping against her ass loudly as he buried himself with each push. 

�El Mano Dura, El Mano Dura,� the men started chanting again, which seemed to encourage him to push all the harder.

He pulled out, and kissed her mouth, his tongue forcing it&#8217;s way in, probing. �Now we&#8217;ll see what the &#8216;Big Stick&#8217; can do to your tight little ass, puta,� and he spit in her face after calling her a whore.

Using his hand, he guided his cock to her ass, which she was trying very hard to relax in the face of it&#8217;s imminent invasion. slut had been anally raped by much larger foreign objects, but this was the thickest cock that had ever been forced into her rear portal. 


Roberto took his time, slowly introducing his massive pole, watching slut&#8217;s grimacing expressions as the pressure built deep within her. Once he had penetrated as far as his length would allow, he began to withdraw, and enter, withdraw, and enter, in a steady rhythmic pattern, which his men picked up on, as they again started chanting, only this time, it was in tempo with his beat.

�Look at me, puta,� he barked. �Look at me while I fuck your ass, bitch!�

slut opened her eyes and starred at his face. His yellow toothed smile widened, and he spit across her eyes. Laughing aloud, he pushed harder and faster, as he was quickly reaching the point of not being able to hold back. she saw his eyes roll back a bit and his eyelids fluttered as he groaned. The men cheered and applauded.

Sated, Roberto made slut clean him off with her mouth, then the men descended upon her once again. When they were through, she had cum on her face and chest, and seeping from both her pussy and ass. She was covered with dirt as well as leaves and broken grass. The five men walked away, laughing loudly and talking in Spanish, leaving her alone by the crosses. As she looked at them, stark, cold and threatening, in the rapidly fading sunlight, a cold eerie shiver coursed through her, and she grabbed her shoulders and hugged herself. When it had passed, she got up and walked back to the house. Roberto&#8217;s truck had gone.

she showered, and then called Mistress Ilsa to tell Her what had happened, and that she would need to spend te night in order to finish all the tasks Ilsa had set for her.

Ilsa laughed as slut recounted her �run-in� with the local constabulary, and She listened intently as slut described her time with the Mexicans. But what She seemed most interested in was the site work for the collaring ceremony. Ilsa made slut describe in minute detail the positioning of the Tau crosses, they&#8217;re relative positions to the St. Andrew&#8217;s crosses, the space created by the circle,......in short, every lurid detail. 

Before She hung up, Ilsa said, �When you have completed all your chores, slave, I want you to make a video of yourself. You are to whip yourself with a cat, on the breasts and cunt, with both a butt plug and dildo visibly inserted.&nbsp; You are to diddle yourself in between every ten strokes you give yourself. And you are to prolong this for one hour. I give you My permission to cum after one hour. When you are done, set the video up as a file attachment, and send it to the girls at the F. N. P. C.. Say how much we are looking forward to seeing them this Saturday.�

�Yes, Mistress. As you wish,� she replied.

�Oh, and remember, slut, you are to be home here before 10:00 tomorrow morning, so make sure you allow plenty of time for the trip.�

�Of course, Mistress. Thank You for reminding me.�


slut hung up and got back to the chores. It was almost three hours before she was making the video of her self flagellation and masturbation. By the time she had finished her hour video, gotten it in the computer, and sent off to Chelsea, it was after twelve. she set her alarm for 6:00,&nbsp; and tried to fall asleep, with the visions of the crosses Roberto&#8217;s men had erected, fresh in the forefront of her thoughts.













 





















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Charles E. Campbell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





