BDSM Library - The Best Sex Of Their Lives




The Best Sex Of Their Lives
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 
			THE BEST SEX OF THEIR LIVES.


Mary and Frank Swank were the living the current version of the good life.

They live in a large, luxurious house, in a fashionable suburb, with  all the
trimmings of our modern comfortable living. His and her Porsches, all the latest
electronic gadgets, a holiday home to get away from it all, in the summers,
etc.. Yes they had it all!  They shared all this luxury with only their pet cat,
(Dogs were just too much trouble.) Missy!

Frank was a 28 year old, 6ft+ tall, somewhat slim, fellow, but as he did not
have the time to work out, he was developing a bit of a beer gut as of late. His
brown hair, stylishly cut every 3 weeks, was thinning somewhat in the back. He
wore the latest twist frame glasses to correct his near-sightness, and only the
latest cut clothes. He was though, of mild, almost timid disposition, but had
worked his way into a senior position in a bank, and with his newly achieved
MBA, expected for a VP some day soon.

Mornings he commuted to Gothen city from a subway station, almost every day.
Often he worked late into the night. (Although some evenings, he was working at
finding some strange pussy .. for variety .. You know ... MEN!)

Mary, the dutiful wife, was 26. She taught in a local grammar school. She was
about 5'5", and less than 110 pounds, with very nice tits for her body size,
(her best feature), buxom ass, with shoulder length, coal black, hair, (Kept in
a pixie cut.). Generally you would say, she had a nice firm 35B-24-34 figure.
The firm breasts that stuck, right out there, attracting a lot of male
attention, where ever she was out and about in public.

All in all, Mary was a very well respected member of the local community, having
worked with many volunteer children's groups.

Yes Frank and Mary, were the antipathies of modern, college educated, upwardly
mobile, couples, everywhere. They had been married for 3 years but as they had
no time or desire, had no children. They decided that they their time would be
better spent, furthering their careers, for now.

As Frank was in private business, he was the more successful of the couple, but
Mary had a solid position in the community.

Their life was the modern dream ... except for their sex life.

True, it had begun in bouts of white hot passion, but lately, with the advance
of time, it seemed to be reaching a routine predictable, tired stage. It's
frequency has fallen to once or at the most, twice a week. Mary who had
pretended to be a virgin in their early days, flatly refused most variations,
like oral sex with her husband. (Actually she had tried it with one of her
former boy friends and was disgusted when he called her a 'Cocksucker'. She had
resolved then to never do it again.)

During one of their infrequent love making sessions, Frank had whispered in
Mary's ear about, maybe involving another young couple .. to spice up their sex
sessions.

This excited Mary to such passion, it alone causing her to have a very violent
orgasm. (The idea of someone strange joining in .. discretely .. really turned
the now staid housewife on!)

In his quest for greater stimulation Frank frequented shops by the subway
station down town and usually purchased a 'dirty books' or two, that turned him
on with it's lurid tails of 'kinky' sex.

This disgusted Mary, but he needed it, and for him sex more than once a week.
She just endured and forgot her passion in her work.

On a Friday in May his eyes showed him that fateful issue of 'COUPLINGS'
magazine.

After perusing it for a few minutes he decided he would need this magazine for
his cum, tonight. After paying for it, he shoved it deep into his inside jacket
pocket, so as not to be seen as a pervert, as he made his way back to the
station, or on the train.. While waiting on the platform for his train and after
assuring himself, he was not being observed, he cautiously removed the magazine
from his pocket and began to scanned through the magazines many pages of adds.

It was a typical magazine, for people seeking to find partners, and other
couples to include in their sexual games. This magazine also had a few colored
pictures of naked men and women, over a few lines stating their desires and
preferences. These seemed too outlandish for he and Mary, so he rejected them
immediately. But their were still many other advertisements to peruse. Taking
out his gold pen he marked several of them that were titillating, to him.

When his train pulled into the station, he quickly shoved the magazine inside
his coat pocket again and climbed aboard for the long crowded trip back to his
stop, and home. The train was crowded, as expected, and he had to stand up
jammed in between a couple of fat men and a truly ugly old woman, all the way
home. But he kept thinking of those people and adds in the magazine.

Mary had given up waiting for him tonight and eaten her supper alone.

When Frank arrived home, he had to microwave his own meal for a few minutes
before joining Jenny in the living room in front of the television.

They chatted about their respective days. Almost as an after thought Frank told
Mary about the 'COUPLINGS' magazine. He felt he would try again to share it with
her.

Mary was really not that interested, but Frank tried the tack 'that they needed
to expand their circle of friends' gambit, and besides, some of the
advertisements appeared to be from other couples like then, and not just
hardened swingers. Some even claimed they would be, apparently, satisfied with
just innocent friendships.

Skeptically Mary looked through the magazine, but felt very uneasy when faced
with the naked pictures. There were however, 3 advertisements that her husband,
Frank had marked, which appeared to be from genuine first timers, couples like
themselves.

Limiting their discussions to these, Mary rejected all the rest of the adds in
the magazine.

Both of them were genuinely uneasy about the possibly being discovered by
someone that they might know in their jobs or family. However, their fears were
assuaged when they saw, that they would be able to use an anonymous 'BOX
NUMBERS', provided at the magazine for a minimum cost to explore the other
couples adds and replies. 

After their discussions, of the 3 adds, only 2 seemed to be in a 40-60 miles
radius of their home town.

These two if genuine, would be perfect for them, they thought. Both couples were
near enough to travel to, easily, but far enough away, to protect their real
identities.

So that very evening Frank and Mary composed an answer letter on their home PC.
They enclosed copies of it in the dual envelopes as described in the magazine,
to be forwarded to the addressed to the two different add boxes that they wanted
to find out more from. Then together with a check for the necessary payment to
open a box they sent all the envelopes, and the check to the magazine in one
large envelope. 

In the answer letters they had changed their names to Don and Janet Smith. In
their letter they told the advertisers, that they lived in another town close by 
their own real home.

Frank took the large envelope to the postal box at the sub way station the next
morning. As he was about to put the envelope in the box, he hesitated, but then
he thought, hell they could all ways just ignore the replies, if they got any.

Frank checked the mail intensely, for the next few days. Nothing!

Finally he worked out, the time it would take for the mail to get to the
magazine. (Say two days at the outside.) Then allowing for the time the magazine
took to mail out their letters to the advertiser. (Say a day or so.) For the
advertiser to reply. (Say two days.) Then magazine again to box no .. to box no
and mail again to him and he realized that one week was not a reasonable time to
expect a reply.

Nothing happened until the 10th day. When he arrived home Frank found in their
homes mail a large brown envelope from 'COUPLINGS' magazine.

Inside it were, 2 replies to the letters they had sent out.

Anxiously the couple tore open the large envelope. Inside they found the 2
smaller envelopes which were the replies. Dinner could wait! Anxious they each
took an envelope and read it's letter. Then they exchanged letters.

As they looked over the replies, the first one appeared to be from a really
hardened swinger couple, who seemed to be demanding a phone number for an
immediate meeting. This one they rejected. These people were way too much for
them. This frank demand scared them!

However the second was from a Bob and Samantha Johns. They were a couple very
much like themselves. They had included a nice fully clothed photo of
themselves, standing in front of a well kept large house in a nearby suburb.
They wrote in friendly terms of their lives and work. They appeared to be very
friendly. Fred and Mary decided to reply to them for a while to see if these
people were worth their time.  Who knows they might become good 'friends'.

Over the next few weeks more and more letters were exchanged, eavh through the
magazines anonymous 'box' system, each one becoming a little bit more sexually
explicit than the last.

Each letter read anxiously, by Frank and Mary. Each letter caused them each to
nurture their fantasizes about a meeting. Maybe they would extend their own love
making to include some other couple.

Just this idea caused a marked improvement in quality and frequency of their own
sexual encounters. Each letter acted like a catalyst in their sex lives.

By the fourth letter, Frank and Mary were comfortable enough, to suggest a
meeting with Bob and Samantha, on a social level, a get acquainted meeting. So
with their next letter they asked for a social meeting, say at a public
restaurant or some other public place.

The reply from Bob and Samantha was a little beyond their idea. The other couple
shocked them! It went beyond their idea. It was not quit what our young couple
had expected.

Inside the envelope were, several pictures of Bob and Samantha. All showed their
new friends, smiling and standing in front of the camera's lens NAKED!

The accompanying letter stated that although they wanted to meet Frank and Mary,
they had met a lot of other couples, that had disappointed them. These other
couples had proved to be 'time wasters'.

Therefore in order to show their sincerity, Frank and Mary were to write a very
explicit letter, delineating their own desires and requesting a meeting. Also
they were to include a few nude photos of themselves, clearly showing their
faces, and forms.

Frank and Mary were slightly shocked by this. If this had been the first letter
they received, then they would surely have forgotten the whole thing, and thrown
it away. But now??

What could it hurt? After all the other couple had shown themselves, first, and
made their wants known.

They discussed their reply and decided to proceed carefully.

Finally they decided that, as Bob and Samantha did not really know who they were
(they had disguised their identities, and where they lived), they would risk it.
It would be an experience, and they would be able to get out with no exposure to
their private lives.

Only one meeting, in a public place, and then they could still forget the whole
thing if they didn't feel comfortable with this new couple.

So that evening, after their showers, before they turned in, they each took a
digital picture of each other, naked. They were kind 'a of nervous, and when
they digital pictures were printed, the pictures showed it. The pictures were
cold and matter of fact, but they would have to do. They would never think of
going to a photographer for this purpose.

Further Bob on the back of his photo, had written a request that 'Janet' should
hand write a reply to him with her desires. He wrote he wanted to suck her tits
into his mouth, on his own nude picture.

Mary did the best she could. Writing on the back of her nude photo, she
expressed really looking forward to receiving that hard cock in Bob's picture.

'Don' wrote on the back of his own nude photo, that he was really looking
forward to screwing Samantha. She has written a 'looking forward to a nice long
screwing' on the back of her photo.

Then the young couple turned in and made love longer and harder then any time
since their first weeks of intimacy. And that had been almost four years ago!

With not a little apprehension, Mary posted the letter with their nude pictures
inside, to the box number in the magazine.

Then they both waited anxiously for a reply. 

Three days later the letter arrived. Mary could not wait! She tore it open and
read the contents. When her husband Frank arrived home, she could not help
showing it to him, immediately! He hardly came inside their front door when Mary
was holding the paper up before his eyes.

The letter, requested them to meet at Bob's favorite restaurant.

The address was in a town different from the one the other couple had claimed to
reside in.

They were to meet there at 8 p.m. Saturday night for a quiet dinner and drinks.

Frank and Mary put this change of address down to the other couples wishing to
be discrete also, a good sign. Bob suggested they dress casual and indicated
that there would not be any required sex at this meeting.

This satisfied all their points of anxiety so they decided to attend. 

Early Saturday afternoon the couple began to get ready for their fateful
meeting. After all it was like a first date .. for both of them.

Still determined to hide their true identities, they hid only one of their
credit cards in their car's trunk. (It was to be used for emergencies, only, as
it had their true names and could be traced back to the real identities.) Their
other cards and identifications were hid in their roll top desk' 'secret'
drawer.

To cover their part of the nights tab, they took $500 cash.

Frank wore some old brown trousers, an old jacket, a shirt without a tie and for
whimsy, his pink shorts, covered with tiny gold hearts.

Mary wore an old bra and panties, shirt, sweatshirt, jeans, short socks and an
old pair of flats. The idea of dressing up had crossed her mind but as this was
only going to be a casual meal in a restaurant, she did not want to make any
special effort. It would show she was anxious for sex, very unladylike.

Leaving their house in Frank's black Porsche, the young couple set out on their
40 mile journey to meet Bob and Samantha in the restaurant. Their apprehension
and anxieties were at a high the likes of which they had never experienced
together. 

They apprehension was, like anyone goes through on a first date. Would their
opposite number like them? Would the chemistry be there? Would anything go
wrong?

They began to relax on the journey, by agreeing that if **anytime** happened
that either of them were uncomfortable with, they would both just get up and
leave. No-one would know who they really were. They could leave and that would
be that.

Arriving at the town, they follow the directions given in Bob's letter.

Eventually they came to the proper street but, it was in a depressed run down
area of the town, and the number, supposed to be the restaurant, appeared to be
a run down three story, building with a broken fence, an untidy muddy front
yard. The paint on this side of the house was pealing off all over.

Frank and Mary looked about nervously and then at each other.

"You must of gotten the wrong address? Ask someone if they know where the
restaurant is." Mary demanded, of an exasperated Frank.

He wanted to drive around a little but she had this thing about getting
directions.

Frank stuck his head out of the car window, and asked a young boy in raggedy
jeans, leaning up against a street light smoking a cigarette.

At the mention of the restaurant's name, the boy smiled and directed them to the
same building, but this time a small side entrance.

Frank drove his car to the next cross street and found the IT!

Sure enough, a faded sign above 'that door', proclaimed this to be the
restaurant where they were to meet the other couple.

Frank parked the car, under a street light close by the building. When it was
secured, the couple cautiously walked to the 'restaurant's' door.

Frank and Mary though that they must have the wrong restaurant and were just
about to leave, when the large black man opened the door, and greeted them with
a big smile.

"Yeah! What you 'll come on in? What ever you 'll want 'WE GOT'S IT!'"

"Um .. we were just .. ym .. looking to meeting a Bob and Samantha .. um Jones?"
Frank announced "They were going to ..." 

"Oh yea ... You the ones! They is waiting for ya .. upstairs in the special room
.. up stairs. Come on, I 'se show ya."

An uneasy feeling caused the couple to try to edge, back away from the smiling
black man, but a couple of rough looking skin heads appeared behind them. These
young men's presence forced them to follow the large black man's retreating back
as he advanced, up the stairs.

At the top of the stairs they were lead further down to the end of a long hall.
There the smiling black man opened a massive door, and ushered them into a large
room with a hodge poge of mis-matched furniture and a dirty rug. The black man
and the skin heads followed them in, and now stood behind them forcing them over 
to a long table. Behind that sat a scruffy looking fat black man aged about 45.
Another very hard looking younger black with a pencil thin moustache, wearing a
sharp woolen suit stood behind the older man. Also in the room was a sofa on
which 2 teenage black youths sat.

All these men and boys seemed to have nothing to do but watch the young couple
and salivate.

Alarm bells immediately rang for both Frank and Mary. They appeared to be the
only white people around and all the black males seemed to be in possession of
some knowledge that the white couple did not. 

"Where's Bob and Samantha .. ?" asked Frank trying to take command of the
situation, all the while hoping to keep his voice steady.

"Bob.. Bob why that's me! Um she couldn't make it. Unexpected set ..  but it's
ok .. we'll fix you up with one of these nice young boys here.. hahaha." said
the seated scruffy looking fat black man with a wide grin. He leaned back in his
chair undressing the young couple with his eyes.

"No! OH NO! You're not the person we were .. in the photo, we .. um .. were
leaving." Frank uttered turning to go.

"And your not Don and Janet Smith, either Frank!", said 'Bob', "and no way
you're leaving this room, just now. Why we needs to talk a little ..  maybe
explo .. "

The skinheads were in now positioned in front of the door, guarding it. Frank
and Mary were ready to try to push by them, but decided to try to argue their
way out of this.

"You can't do this, to us. This is .. um .. kidnapping." croaked Mary in a small
shaky voice.

"O.K. Now let's just see bout that." said Bob, "You can go, 'ventually .. but
before you go Frank and Mary Swank, residing at ....... (He went on to delineate
their address and other data. Perhaps you would be good enough to look at these
here letters before we mails um out to, Mrs. Dickeron, Mr. Johanson, and these 2
to your parents and all of these here goes to all your neighbors right after
you'se leaves."

Frank and Mary froze when they heard the people the envelopes were going to.
(Frank's boss ... Mary's principal .. Their parents . Their neighbors ..)

"Young Maurice here works for 'COUPLEINGS' magazine. .. in the box services
section, we got's all your letters .. knows all bout your true identities. We
spent the last 2 weeks finding out all about you two."

Mary felt sick to her stomach. Frank too felt dazed. This couldn't be real.

With copies of their nude pictures and their letters, in everyone's hands, they
would be ostracized from their jobs, their neighbor hood ..

"OK what do you want, money?" asked Frank trying to get this settled, and get
away from here.

Frank took out the $500, he had taken with them to cover the evenings tab. He
put it on the table in front of the smiling black man.

"Oh .. That's nice .. But you can do .. um .. better than that! Credit cards,
all of them, and the PIN numbers here on this here pad!", Bob demanded.

Frank hesitated. This could cost him $2500, but if they got out of it, it would
be worth it.

He wrote down the PIN numbers on a pad provided by the young black man with
mustache, Maurice.

One of the skin heads grabbed Mary's purse, spilled its content on the table,
and dropped the empty hulk on the table. Then he went over to Frank and
proceeded to turned out all Frank's pockets, tearing some. Everything they found
was also dropped on the table between the couple and Bob.

"The cards? Where are they?" Bob inquired looking over the pile of their
personal things before them.

"At home, we .. um left them at home. We will go back and get them for you. Just
let us go!" Frank said starting to beg.

"Oh yeah? No need for you two to leave ... Not that we don't trust ya, an all,
but well, whyn't ya just tell Tyrone here where they is, in your house, and the
boy 'll go get um. ..  Why he 'll just take your car and get um. These here your
car keys? Which one's your house key?"

Bob inquired holding up the key ring form the pile of their things.

The helpless couple looked at each other. At least if they cooperated, they
would be **safe**, if only they could just get the picture/letters back. A few
thousand for those, and then, they would be all right..

"Will you .. um .. promise to give us back everything we sent .. if we do?"
Frank tried to obtain there security concerns.

"Yes of course!" replied Bob, with a big smile.

Frank pointed out the keys to Tyrone and told him where the cards were hidden.

"OK, Now" said Bob, "Tyrone, you, and that lad, go to their fancy house and
collect dem cards. Oh and as a bonus, why 'nt you 'll take anything else you
finds, ya wants and then if you feel like it, whyn't you trash the place ..
big-time, oh and kill that nasty cat. I hates cats! See what's ya gets for being
smart with us?"

"No! Please! No!" pleaded Mary,  "We gave you the money, please no more, Please
don't hurt little Missy .. we'll do what you want .. Please. Don't trash our
house! Please .. " 

"Whyn't ya ask Tyrone .. but he likes to be asked .. he likes to be asked
NICELY!" said Bob pocketing all the money from the table, along with Frank's
gold pen and lighter.

"Please, Oh Please don't hurt little Missy or trash our house.", pleaded a very
tearful Mary.

"Naa you have to beg ME. Both of you." Tyrone demanded.

Frank repeated the request, helplessly looking at the boy holding him hostage.

"Not good enough." said Bob, "Lacks something ... Why'nt you two try it again
... but this time .. on your knees."

Humiliated, confused, beaten the couple, looked at each other, they could try to
escape, but even if they did manage it, those photos and letters would ruin
them, but still they hesitated.

"OK, Tyrone, off ya go .. Oh and why n't ya skin that damn cat while you 'se at
it. And put the rest in the oven and leave it on high when you leave." Bob
called out as he sat back down.

On hearing that, they both dropped to their knees, and humbly begged a sour
looking Tyrone, to spare their poor Missy and their house.

"Getting better .. but still..", Bob observed.

"Maybe if they's ta kiss my feet." Tyrone demanded, as one of the skin heads
moved next to Tyrone, smiling.

Beaten the young couple bowed their head and humiliated themselves, by kissed
the boys shoes.

"Getting even better", Bob observed, "But still lacking .. something .. I think
.. you know what ..  You two have to do to save your precious pussy and house?"

Then the terrified couple heard the young Tyrone's jeans being unsnapped, but
the skin head beside him, did not move to undo his jeans.

Through tear clouded eyes, Mary looked up a grinning Tyrone.

Looked down, he could not believe that his good luck tonight. This fine looking
white bitch, was going to suck his stiffening black dick for some damn cat.

When the couple tried to communicate, the skin head slapped Frank on the head
and told him to,

"Shut Up and Get on with it!"

They hesitated! Their thoughts all ran together, as they tried to sort out what
choices they had. Were these men really serious about their cat? If they refused
could they still escape in one piece? They both hesitated.

"Times a waisting .. get on with it!" rung in their ears.

Still no movement.

"O.K. If that's how you want it ..  the pussys had it. And it's your fau.."

With that said, Tyrone stepped back to a rack and picked up a large shinny
butcher knife from sideboard.

"Bye Bye little pussy! You want I should bring back the skin?" he taunted the
near frantic pair. "I bring ya back the skin, might get lost ..."

"NOOOOO No! Please", screamed the distraught Mary, tears running into her make
up, making blue streaky lines down her smooth white cheeks..

"Too late!"

"No .. No! Please ..I'll .. We 'll do it" she cried looking at her embarrassed
husband.

Sensing his control again Tyrone began to press home his advantage.

"O.K. But seeing's how ya both soo stuck up .. Ya both gotta beg. Beg to be
allowed the privilege of .. sucking our fine black dicks."

Finally, realizing they were serious and she was beaten, Mary muttered,

"Please may I s-suck your cock?"

"And you too whitie .. " Tyrone said pointing to the kneeling husband.

Frank froze. Things were going too fast for him.. He was confused. He said
nothing. He had to think..

"Please .. Frank .. for gods sake!", Mary cried trying to persuade her reluctant
husband.  

"Please Frank," mimicked Tyrone "maybe you just want to watch your wife do it?"

"All right .. all right ..  I'll do it." whispered the beaten banker.

"No, no. Not good enough. And I didn't even hear the magic word ... 'Please!'"

"Please may I suck your cock" the beaten Frank whispered to the skin head
hovering over him. The youths had won.

'Well, if you really wanna, who are we to refuse. Ya!" the skin head laughed. 

Tyrone demanded,

"Get on with it."

Mary was first to move. Her tear stained face traveling up Tyrone's dirty jeans
until she reached the point where his jeans were opened. 

"Whyn't ya just pull em all the way down, so my dick's got's lots uh room and ya
can get right in there .. and get the full effect of it?" Tyrone demanded with
the biggest grin ever on his face.

"Come on fagget .. get on with it. We got places ta be!" yelled the skin head at
the vacillating husband, Frank. He quickly knelt up and began to pull the dirty
jeans zipper down, determined to get this over with as quick as possible.

Unknown to Mary, Frank had sucked off a couple of boys, when he was younger, at
school. For Mary too this was not her first oral experience. So she too just
wanted to get it over with.

Tyrone wore short black silk briefs, which were now straining to release his
stiffening black cock. As soon as Mary had pulled them down, his 5"
uncircumcised cock sprang out in her face.

She looked off to her right and she saw, to her horror that her husband had all
ready started to work on skin head's cock. His cheeks were inflating and
deflating and his head was moving up and down.

Nervously she moved her head towards Tyrone's black cock, she took it in her
left hand, to aim it. Then moved her lips to it. They parted, to closed around
her first black penis. It felt warm, so soft, and surprisingly spongy. She
slipped her tongue under the invading phallus and began to suck slightly.

Suddenly there was a blinding flash, then another and another. She stopped and
the realized that they had been photographed, and worse she realized, when she
looked up, that Bob was also videoing the whole thing from his padded chair.

It was done .. So Mary struggled to forget everything. What else could she do?
She would just suck Tyrone's cock, and get it over with.  She had to keep taking
her head back off the disgusting thing to breathe and remove stray hairs from
her mouth. She kept her eyes concentrating on his thick public hair, as she
tried to keep the hairs out of her nose, and mouth. She tried, to think of
something, anything, work, shopping, tv, anything to take her mind away from
this humiliating thing she was doing.

It was not surprising therefore that the skin head came first. Frank's mind kept
drifting back to his school days, his friends, Tom and Red. When the youth came,
in his mouth, it was a small load. An experienced Frank had no trouble at all
swallowing all of the load.

Maybe due to Mary's inexperience, or whatever, Tyrone was having trouble cuming.

Eventually he tired of her attempts and took his cock of her mouth. Then a dazed
Mary could only kneel there, watching, open mouthed, as his right hand became a
blurred movement up and down his cock. Half a minute later, Tyrone started to
breathing heavily.

"Here it comes! Take this ya white bitch." he panted as he roughly thrust his
exploding penis back into Mary's gaping mouth.

The unprepared wife's unclosed mouth was suddenly full of a penis gushing a
warm, salty and horribly yucky liquid onto her tongue. She gagged and spat it
out, some of it. That some went down on Tyrone's jeans and some also dribbling
onto the expensive blue sweatshirt that Mary was wearing.

"You fucking dirty bitch!" yelled Tyrone at the black hared woman who was
kneeling at his feet, wiping his cum from her mouth with the back of her right
hand. Then she tried to whip it off her sweatshirt with her other clean hand. He
was about to punch her in the face but Bob yelled 

"No!"

"Where did ya put your credit cards, and all your cash." Tyrone demanded of the
humiliated couple. 

A dazed Frank told them all the details of where to find everything.

"O.K. you 3 take their car and go over to their house. Bring back the cards,
money, oh and anything else you fancy. That's O.K. with you Frank. Isn't it?"

Frank nodded lustfully wiping his lips to clean of his lips.

 he thought.

"I am going to teach, this nasty cocksucker a lesson." shouted Tyrone. "I bet
you she's got some lovely underwear. Well maybe I'm going to piss all over um
and I think we'll just redecorate your bedroom for you. Shit on t..."

'OK, OK! But nothing else .. just yet." warned Bob picking up the telephone,
"Andy? Claud? Get your black asses on over here, and bring that bitch, Desdemona
with ya. We got some nice folks here want's auditions tonight may be."

Mary and Frank looked at each other. All they could do was stay there on their
knees, fearing something worse was about to happen.

"Whyn't ya get on up here .. sit over there on the sofa." Bob said to them.

Taken aback by the sudden civilized behavior, a relieved Mary and Frank rose and
went and sat on the sofa, as requested. Tyrone and his helpers left, but at
almost at the same time, in came Andy, 6 ft 6", heavy bearded, about 40 with a
face that said he had been in many a brawly), Desdemona, a petite 'blonde hared'
black girl of about 20, wearing a bright red dress and red nail varnish looking
a typical 'street whore' and Claud, a 19 year old with short fair hair wearing
flowery jeans and sweatshirt.

"A very nice looking pair!" commented Andy looking over the young couple sitting
anxiously on the sofa awaiting their release .. they thought.

"Now let me give you'll the 411 here", began Bob, "Mouse and I runs !this here
hood. That means responsibilities .. big responsibilities. Why it means that
sometimes when someone, kinda steps out of line, why they has to be spanked. We
does the spanking. Now did you'll see the car at the end of the road the one
without tires and windows all smashed and shits?" 

"Well the owner doesn't want to continue on in my lottery. On the other hand,
people who .. um do well by me .. they gets rewards. Now, old Andy here, he ..
runs the Blazing Star Bar in the next street, he does me lots of favors. Like
getting rid of gear, like your video and stereo, ha, ha. So when he comes ta me
and he says he needs a new stripper, of course I am happy to help him out.
Immediately, I think of some one young .. nice looking .. you, there Mary.
You'll do nicely .. Eh Andy?"

"Ya she might .. Can't tell much till we get's a better look at her and get's
her ready." Andy started but Bob stopped him.

Mary's heart froze. Just as she though this nightmare was over tonight, she
could see further humiliations were ahead of her.

"Now I know you are more than just a body .. mind you misses. So Andy here is
going to have YOU, do more than just a little stripping," said Bob "So we 'll be
allowing no more'n 3 generous customers each and every week night, after the
shows ta FUCK THAT SWEET OLD ASS OF YOUR'S."

Mary began to feel sick, but Frank was dazed but when he went on ...

"Now Frank because of her new profession, and our requirements, we don't want
our goods used unnecessarily. Might damaged um. No profit in it for me, and
Andy. So from now on there will never, never, be any more sexual contact between
you and her ever again."

This was too much for Frank who got up to try to protest. He was met by another
skin head, who had grabbed a baseball bat and was standing beside the couch. The
threat of just fisting the thing, was enough. Frank stopped, his protest and sat
back down.  His mind spinning. He was asking himself what was going on here. It
had to stop!

"O.K. Now Frank so you won't feel left out, whyn't ya, strip down for us so as
we can see if'n your ass is .. Well just strip for us .. OK?!" 

Frank looked up in amazement. This was too much! He wouldn't .. but seeing the
boy and his bat again, he stood up and started to comply. He began by removing
his shirt, then shoes, socks and finally his trousers before finally reaching
his special boxer shorts. He looked up pleading ..but the presence of the
baseball bat being again fisted in the skin head's hands convinced him to finish
up. He removed his special shorts and looked up sheepishly at the crowd of
onlookers.

He could only stand there, very self consciously, naked in front of the
assembled crowd of dressed people. His flaccid 6" cock tried to hang loosely
down in front of him, but he reached down and cover it, with both his hands.

"Don't be shy .. FAG .. We all seen it. Whyn't ya act more friendly .. say put
little hands on top of your little head. Now stick the little thing right on out
there for all us ta see." the skin head yelled. "Shift those hips forward so we
can see the nasty little thing."

Looking at the bat, then the crowd Frank complied.

"Come on over here, fag boy." called Bob from the table, all the while videoing
the humiliation of the banker. "And keep them hands top o' your head."

Awkwardly Frank made his way over and stood by Bob's chair at the table.



"Ya fuck this fine cunted bitch over there with that miserable little thing?"
Bob demanded. "Desdemona get ya black ass over here and look at this miserable
excuse for a cock. No wonder she wrote on the back of her picture she wanted a
big cock? Poor woman needs a big firm dicking to satisfy her. What ya think you
want the miserable little thing for your collection?"

Desdemona came over stood in front of Frank, appraising his shriveled organ. 

Suddenly her hands reached down grabbing his balls and dick in one fluid motion.
She commenced to squeezing both of them .. hard. She also dug her nails into the
soft fleshy organs.

A bent over Frank screamed, and instinctively tried to hit out at her, but she
knew this business. She ducked his blow and gave the tormented organs, a twist,
while still maintaining her grip and advantage. Then, was a sudden thump on
Frank's head by the bat.

He fell to the floor dazed, but with the pain, he never totally lost
consciousness. With his aching head, and balls, he was all out of it.

When he finally managed to reoriented himself, he found, he was face down over
their kitchen table. His legs were spread apart, and tied to opposite table legs
leaving his privates available and defenseless. His arms had been tied behind
his back. His aching cock and balls were crushed up against the edge of the
table.

The skin head waited until Frank recovered some of his senses and assured he was
not vomiting before they were going to gag him. Bob stopped him and demanded,

"Now Frank so she knows how you feel about things. Tell er you want me to taken
over for you. Say, 'I want you to fuck my wife'" demanded Bob, "If not I am sure
your boss will be interested in this photo of you sucking off a young underage
BOY. And the police they .. well .. "

"I want you to fuck my wife." cried Frank as he again felt the nails of the girl
scratching on his ball sack. The waiting skin head then stuffed a dirty kitchen
towel into Frank's mouth, effectively cutting off any objections from that
quarter for the moment.

"You hear that cunt? The little fag .. he don't want you anymore. Don't know
what a fine young cunt, like ya, see's in this needle dicked fucker over here.
Come's on over here! .. Bring that cute little ass over here, and maybe we 'll
see about the fucking, the little fag could never give it!"


Seeing no choice now, Mary got up and walked over to the table. Dressed she just 
stood there, beside Bob chair, waiting. Bob grabbed her around the waist and
held her tight against his fat body. He began to nuzzle her face, and he
whispered into her right ear, if she didn't do exactly what he wanted. ..
Frank's balls would suffer. Greatly!

(Frank could not hear this!)

"Give a real man a kiss Mary."  Bob demanded. "Then we'll see about that fucking
you wanted."

The skin head held Frank's head up by his hair, and made him look on as Brian
kissed and fondled his wife. Frank could clearly see Bob's probing in her mouth
and she seemed to be responding. All the while Bob's large black hand roamed
over her body's private places.

He could not believe what his eyes showed him was happening. His wife, Mary was
passionately kissing this black bastard, and letting him explore her sexy body.

Mary for her part was almost gagging as the horrible black tongue as the man
french kissed and molested her. She knew she had to go along with it, for her
husband. Despite all that had happened, she was still hoping that this was some
sort of a sick game which would end soon, and they would get to go home soon.

Bob happily made sure Frank could see all his abuse of his wife.

"I think Frank deserves to be punished for giving you away, don't you?"

"UM Yes!", said Mary, remembering what was told her earlier.

But in his mind, Frank thought.



A snickering Bob then handed Mary a leather riding crop and whispered to her,
that she had to brandish it. She did and was then lead behind her husband's
back.

Now Bob whispered to her she was to hit her husband, as hard as she could, six
times on his naked ass. If she didn't .. He would take her place and hit Frank
twelve times as hard as he could.

With this in mind, after brandishing the leather crop, Mary lifted it over her
head, moved to the side slightly, behind her husband's, naked ass, and swung the
riding crop down for a solid contact.

'whipp'

"UUUUU"

A gagged Frank tried to yelled as the crop, wielded by his wife, sunk into his
fat white ass!

The slash was repeated again and again till she had done the six strokes
required of her. .

When she was finished the six slashes. a horrified Mary looked at the 6 red
stripes across Frank's quivering ass flesh. Bob then handed her a jar of
petroleum jelly. She thoughts that Bob had gone soft, but then he again
whispered in her ear, as he nuzzled and fondled her helpless body, what she was
to do with it. He was crazy! She wouldn't do it!

Then he questioned her in a whisper, "You want it done to him DRY?"

Mary scooped up some of the jelly, with her fingers and slid them down into the
crack of Frank's ass.

"uuuuu", Frank tried to question the invasion of his private fold under his
stinging ass cheeks by some one soothing.

Mary went on with her task, liberally coated all along her husbands ass crack
until she felt the little straining closed hole. Knowing she had no choice, she
slid one of her coated fingers around the outside of it, and then drove her
finger into Frank's ass-hole.

"UuuuuUuuu", Frank groaned.

Disregarding her husband's reaction, she went on and repeated the procures 
again, only this time she used two fingers, and this time her fingers flexed
around the outside of his anal ring. She withdrew her fingers and then after
recoating them again, she drove um back inside the hole. The fingers lingered
around this time, coating all around inside of his straining grommet.

"UUUUuuUUU" Again he groaned but this time louder.

Then she did it all again.

Frank groaned again but could not work out what was going on. His own wife was..

"Well Fred, we do not wanna keep you from having any fun here tonight, so Claud
here, is gonna fuck you're nice white ass. I think he's still HIV free. Aren't
ya Claud?"

Claud came over and just stood there smiling down at Frank's ass.

Frank panicked! He began to struggled frantically against his bonds like a mad
man. While this was going on, the smiling Claud unzipped and just dropped his
trousers down around his hairy legs.

"Now whyn't ya come on over here girlie, and suck the nice man hard .. Make him
all nice and hard for your husband. Oh yea and wet um for hubby's ass hole." Bob
ordered the gasping wife. "Now don't you fret .. hubby .. 'll just love it ..
You'll see. I know's my fags."

For the second time that evening Mary found herself kneeling in front of a
strange man looking at his dick. This time, she took Claud's foul smelling cock
into her mouth, and commenced to servicing it as she had seen her husband do
before. Another flash reminded her that she was being photographed again.



Luckily for her this time she did not have to try to suck a load from this dick.
Claud wasn't interested in mouth love from a woman. His sight of the naked male
ass soon got him hard enough. He pushed her head away and moved behind her trust
up sobbing husband. He leaned into the virgin ass and forced the sobbing husband
down over the kitchen table.

A smiling Bob removed the spit soaked gag.

""No NO Please .. Please don't do it .. I don..." Frank pleaded on and on till.
"AA NOOO Oh no I do ..... UUUU AAA"

Seconds later, a screaming Frank informed the assembled group, that penetration
had been achieved. Claud smiled at the crowd, leaned onto the sobbing husband's 
back and went into his rhythmic fucking of a male virginal ass hole.

Mary's hands flew to her mouth and she bit her lips to keep form screaming. She
could only look on in horror as her naked husband was violated.

For Frank the pain was considerable, but with his legs spread out he could only
look up with a pained expression and groan when the penetrating organ fucked in.
Luckily Claud only sported a small, thin 5" dick so the gang was being 'easy' on
him even though he did not know it. While Frank continued to sob and beg for it
to stop, Claud's action gradually built up to a fast rhythm. The now quiet room
was filled with the slapping sound of Claud's body on Frank's. This reaching a
crescendo, before a groan from Claud indicated, he got his nut. A defeated Frank
sagged down on the table, a broken man, sobbing like a broken woman. He had been 
humiliated in front of his wife and all these strangers.

"Now it's your turn, to have a little fun Misses." Bob informed Mary. "But first
let's just make sure old Frank gets a real good view."

They moved the table around to have her husband face where Mary was.

She had been forced in front of the rooms big picture window which had closed
curtains.

"Now show us what all ya got bitch .. Don't be shy now. STRIP! But do it slowly
.. so we can all enjoy you're body." ordered Bob.

Having no other choice Mary began by kicking off her shoes. As she looked around
the room she saw that there was no way out. Her naked vanquished husband could
not help himself, let alone her. He was sobbing held up by his sweat soaked hair
witnessing her disrobing. She looked at the assembled crowd, of men and one
girl.

They all seemed anxious to see her naked body.

Having no choice Mary reached down and pulled her sweatshirt up, and over her
head. Her vision was obscured for a minute, and her hair was dragged along with
the shirt. Then both fell down, the garment though, fell to the floor, revealing
her black lacy bra to the crowd.

Her shaking hands then went to the fastener of her jeans. She unsnapped it and 
opened the trousers zipper. She pulled the top of her pants open and then down
to remove the expensive denims from her ass. Carefully she made sure to retain
her precious panties. When she had the jeans down around her ankles, she just
kicked them away. Now she found herself standing up, in front of the gang of
leering men wearing only her socks, black panties and bra. She tried to cover
herself with her hands till she heard.

"You know," said Andy "you're one good looking bitch, a like piggy around the
middle, but we'll work that fat off ya in no time .."

Mary ignored the 'compliment' and reached back to her bra clasp.

"No, whyn't ya wait a minute .. Let's not waist this." Bob ordered, "Go over
there and open them curtains behind you."

Stunned Mary just stood there, looking at her naked husband tied to the table,
but when Bob yelled at her again. She turned around and opened the curtains.

Her near nudity was now going to be exposed in full view of a public street.

Now illogically she panicked, and tried to make a run for the guarded door. Andy
easily stopped her, grabbing her in both arms and lifting her up off the floor.
He took the opportunity to squeeze her left tit, very hard.

"Anymore of that Misses and we will send the photos, and the fag's balls to your
parents, you understand me? Do we understand ourselves?" questioned Bob.

"Yes" sobbed a shivering Mary.

"Good. Now we getting to it. Now let's see then things. Somebody put on a some
music." Andy ordered. "Something loud and sexy .. like the little bitch here .."

And when the music started with a throbbing beat, he said,

"That'll do er!! ... OK honey get on with it .. Shake that ass for the boys .. "

The beat boomed out of the speakers, but Mary just stood there.

"Dance! You stupid sexy bitch .. DANCE!" shouted Andy.

Sensing danger to Frank, she began to sway her almost naked hips, in front of
the assembled audience. She tried to moved her hips in a sexy fashion, hoping
that she was doing it right.

 "OK .. Now turn 'round and lose the tit sling .. and keep moving that sexy
ass." Someone shouted over the music.

She turned round, and putting her back to the gang, but now she was facing the
open window. Across the road she could see a young couple. They appeared to be
walking their dog. She hesitated. Then she realized, that she had no choice.

The frightened wife reached behind her back and unclipped her bra. She saw that
the couple had looked up, seen her, but they did not seem to react. She bent
slightly allowing the straps to slide away. She clutched the bra but them let it
fall off. Her naked tits were now exposed to the street. Now the young couple
stopped to gawk at the 'show'. She quickly covered her nipples with her hands.

"I like it .. Now turn around and show um to us.", the voice demanded. She
obeyed, and let her hands fall to her sides. She was now standing before the
gang with her perfectly formed breasts, exposed and naked. Her nipples were
standing out very slightly in the cold room, and the meat of them, bouncing very
slightly as she swayed in time with the music. Then she heard,

"Now them sexie panties, Lose um!"

Reluctantly Mary bent forward and slipped her thumbs in the waistband of the
black filmy garment. She pulled her panties down, over her shapely hips,
exposing her pubic hair to the leering group. She was about to step out of them
when Andy ordered her,

"Pick um up and hold em up over your head!"

Hopping on one leg, she managed to take the black garment off but keep it in her
right hand.

"Kinda hairy ain't she but we'll fix it.", she heard. Then the order came,

"Now turn it around and show um all the merchandise."

As she did this, he ordered her to twirl the panties around her head and then
toss them to him.

When she turned back around and looked out the window, she saw to her horror,
their were several young children staring up at her displayed nudity in the
gaping window. The young couple were there too, snickering at her display.

(It was quiet common for Bob to have a little 'show' of his new talent to drum
up some business.) 

A blushing Mary threw her panties to Andy, as ordered.

Now she could only stand there, in front of window, showing hers naked all to
the group outside. The group of youths, out side the window, gawking up at her.
Her left hand, just naturally crept down to try to cover her untrimmed black
pubic hairs. She even tried to half crossed her legs.

A beer can snapped open on her right, and Bob strolled over to the naked
teacher. He snaked his right arm around the small soft white waist.

Arthur made a point of sniffed the black panties.

"God is the bitch wet! She really needs a good fucking." he lied, to further
play with poor Frank's mind.

(Actually Mary was not in the slightest wet, as a result of the evenings
horrifying events.) Bob took a swig of his beer and moved behind her. He bent
down and told her, to put both her hands up on his fat bald head. Then he
reached round and began fondling her left nipple with his left hand. He put the
can down and then reached down between her legs with his other hand. He began
sliding a thick black finger all along her pussy crack. He whisper for her to
reach behind his neck and give him a nice big kiss. 'Or else!'

Frank became distraught, as he witnessed his now naked wife's arms go up around
Bob's head, as he was fondling her cunt and tits. Bob grinned at him
demonstrating his power over him and his wife.

"Showtime!" Bob called out. He let go of her treasures and again picked up his
beer. He poured a little of his beer over Mary's tits, before siting down next
to the skin head.

As her nipples popped out from the cold beer, and she heard,

"Turn about. Face me. Really show off that sexy buty .. Get them legs about oh
say two feet apart, sway that, ass side to side with the music, .. Oh yea .. and
play with them tits with one hand and diddle that cunt with the other."

As the CD blared some sexy beat, she closed her eyes to escape into her mind, 
and placed her hands as instructed. Then she pretended to finger her tits and
cunt like she did at home in the privacy of her bed.

The distraught husband could only looked on, as the filthy rag was again stuffed
in his mouth.

She was further instructed to lean forward ... move faster. This caused her firm
sexy tits to hang down and shake, suggestively.

 the husband thought, as he chewed on the rag.

 "O.K. sexy .. Now turn that white ass around. Stay in the same position but
reach back here and spread your ass cheeks open for us to see if it's worth
fucking tonight!" 

Mary did not know how she would ever survive this humiliation. Her husband, or
her doctor, were the only ones, who had ever seen her totally naked. And even
they had never seen inside her ass crease like these bastards were gonna.

But she had to do it. But as she turned round and to her horror she noticed that
the crowd had grown to about 12 boys, aged 15-19, who were all laughing, and
rubbing their crotches, and making obscene gestures. And their were GIRLS there
too in the crowd watching her.

"Ohh God!" she gasped, stood up slightly and frozen with her hands covering her
mouth and turning red as a beet ..

"Ain't they cute? We call um our 'Little Scavengers'", said Bob, "They help me
get a car radios here, a stereo there, and such .. in exchange we give 'um our
leftovers, say an old computers, donated cars and out cast off WOMEN. The things
they do with those women ..  They is free to do anything they want with um. As I
say they are left-overs by then. But enough of that, now, spread that ass for
us. Good, now how that to um, turn your ass round and show em your nice clean
cunt and ass-hole. Show um what your working parts are."

The horrified wife, did what she was told. Now she was turned back, looking into
the room but still holding and open her ass cheeks. Showing her cunt to the
assembled crowd of youths outside. Even though the CD was loud, she could still
hear the yelling from outside.

This humiliation lasted for about 2 minutes before Bob got up and giving a
'thumbs -up' to the young boys outside, and closed the curtains, and announced,

"Now for the main event ...."

Mary just stood frozen there, bent over, spreading herself open to the now
curtained window, looked into the room. The men were all fully clothed. They
stood around talking among themselves seemingly bored with her nudity.

She felt small, used, forgotten, and so vulnerable, standing there naked holding
open her ass, but she could not move. Her humiliated equally naked husband just
lay there secured over the table .. sobbing ...

She had resigned herself to being RAPED! No one would even try, to 'save' her.

She just stood there and waited. Her mind flitted between shutting out the whole
episode, and trying to think of some way out of this nightmare.

The whole scene seemed unbelievable! She and Frank had started the evening
expecting a casual meeting with another pleasant, if kinky, young couple. Their
was only had a very slim chance of it developing into a sexual scene, but now
here she was naked, and the prospect of something much less pleasant than, a
casual sex scene with another nice young couple like themselves, a rape!  

She could do nothing but wait here in fear ... for these strangers to decide,
the fate of her body. Now she became wet.

Bob, for his part, wanted to stamp his authority all over the young couple. For
him it was power over people, more than the sex that he desired. He now decided
to exercise that power.

A loud voice kicked the humiliated wife from her escape in her mind, back to the
reality of this world.

"Get over here you little bitch! Now I want everything off that hide of yours.
NOW BITCH!!!' demanded Bob.

Puzzled she just looked up from her bent over, spread open posture, and tried to
indicate that she did not understand.  She was naked! They had her money, her 
papers, her clothes! What else could he want from her?

"Don't play the dumb bitch with me! Your jewelry, your rings! I want it all ..
Dem rings alone, 'll fetch a few dollars down on the street. Now give um all
here ..."

"No! No Please you can't" sobbed Mary. "My wedding ring has been in our family
for generations, please no!"

"Give 'em all over, NOW!  Effectively, now, you won't be needing that to show
your married. You ain't married to that disgusting fag over there no more ... We
are going to dissolve the 'family' here, now, tonight! You'll be given more
decorations .. PERMANINET DECORATIONS! .. by us, and a lotta better dicks ... a
whole lotta of dick's."

The downcast woman had no choice. She pulled off her ear rings, her necklace,
and finally her mothers antique wedding ring set. She walked over to Bob and
gave them all into his outstretched black hand.  No insurance claim could ever
replace such items. She prayed, deep down, that she would be somehow, able to
get them back. Someday, before she saw her mother again."

"Desdemona why 'nt ya collar the bitch, now. She probably feels all naked like
that, needs some decorating .. something to show her, her place round here." Bob
barked as he looked over her jewelry and the precious rings.

The black girl moved behind the dazed wife. Suddenly Mary felt the roughness of
a stiff leather collar close around round her slender neck. She gasped as the
strong black hands, pulled it tight enough to cause a slight restriction of her
breathing.

As she reached up to ease the collar's grasp, she heard, and then felt a sharp
thump as the skin head had strode across the room and delivered a blow on her
hands with the leather riding crop.

She immediately took her stinging hands away from the constricting collar and
held them against her heaving chest. A 'click' from her neck told her that she
was 'collared', like some stray dog or other animal. Another 'Snap' and a leash
was connected to the collar.

With a tug of the collar the smiling black girl forced the naked white woman 
down on to all fours.

"Walkies", Bob called out. "Show her, her place round here .. ha ha ha!" 

Desdemona pulled .. and the degraded school teacher did her best to trot along
behind the girl at the end of the leash. Ever mindful of the skin heads crop if
she balked.

She saw more flashes from the cameras, and knew that she was still being filmed
in this degrading action.

"Bark! Like a dog."  someone yelled.

"No! Not like any dog, like a BITCH DOG!" another added, as the room filled with
the laughter of everyone but the miserable couple.

When she reached the other side of the room, after many detours, she saw to her
horror, a bowl of dog food had been placed in her path.

Then came the command,

"FEED"

"Eat it all up .. like a good bitch." said Desdemona "Eat and if you are really
good, we may let you fuck old Rover. Ugly bitch like you needs all the dicks she
can get ... RIGHT?" 

This was too much for Mary. She tried get up to break away, but a short tug on
her leash, and the presence of all the clothed legs surrounding her, told her of
the hopelessness of her situation.

"Now that is bad! Bad and little reminder is in order I think." said Bob
standing above her.

Mary braced herself, for a blow that never came. Then their was a blood
curdling, mutted scream from the other side of the room.

When she looked over there, she saw the skin head had his left hand in Frank's
crotch, obviously squeezing and twisting Frank's defenseless nuts.

"See if you don't behave we can deball him .. He won't be need um anymore will
he? You have one minute, to eat it, or we repeat the reminder ... on him."



She lowered her head and began to eat the vile smelling stuff.

"NO HANDS!" some one ordered.

so she had to stick her face in the dish and bite the disgusting mess. The smell
was awful, but the food did not really taste as bad as she had at first thought
it would.

"Good bitch" observed Bob, "You better get used to it, because that may be all
you can afford when we have finished with you."

As she was not allowed to use her hands, her face became caked with the greasy
residue of the dog food. Then when she had finished the fowl smelling stuff Bob
ordered,

"Tastie? YUM YUM! Clean her up."

She was confused again. Was it all over?? The black girl bent over and using a
flannel rag, cleaned up the food residue from her cheeks, mouth and chin. Then
she set about tidy up the woman's tear stained face.

"Better?" asked Bob, "Bitch look almost human." 

"Thank you", answered the naked woman.

"Polite bitch .. I LIKE THAT IN MY BITCHES .. Now go sit in that chair, and we
will get you all fixed up. Licensed, registered and shits for your new nightly
professions." Bob informed her.

She rose and went where he had indicated, and sat in the chair indicated.

A large lined card was placed on the table, in front of her, with a thick black
marker, and she was ordered,

"Print out your full name and address in the spaces ... Use large block letters
.. Like ya does on the black board at school for the little kiddies."

Reluctantly she did it as he ordered. The threat to her husband was too close
for her to argue with these people, besides they had her information from her
drivers license.

When she was done, Andy looked over the information and compared it to the
drivers license data from her purse.

"Put your license number under your name, right here." he demanded.

She complied, in large block numerals.

Then he was satisfied. He ordered,

"Now we got's to do a little make up on ya. You knows to make ya all pretty for
your new license. We want's ya to look your best for that, don't we? Turn out
the chair so 's she can fix ya up."

The cringing naked woman turned the chair and just sat there in terror.

"Desdemona go get's ya shits, and make up this little whore for her dabeau."

The black girl went to the side board and came back with a large professional
woman's make up case.

As Mary sat there naked demoralized from her 'walkies' and feeding, the black
girl went about the task, of applying the gaudy make up, to her tear stained
face.

First girl roughly dried the woman's tear stained face and rubbed off all her
old streaked make up.  Then the girl used a pancake foundation. About three
coats of base and the girl was satisfied that Mary was now 'white' enough for
the video, and lights. Then she applied some hideously purple eye shadow all
around the woman's eyes, paying particular attention to her eye-lids.

"Don't you be crying till, we be done or I'll personally beat you ass."

Now the girl applied a reddish blush to highlight her cheeks bones, from the
overall whiteness of her skin.

Liberal amounts of bright red lipstick were, applied to the outsides of her
lips, coating them and enlarging their size to twice normal.

Satisfied with the beginnings of the woman's face, the black girl leaned down.
Lowered the lipstick and applied, a nice thick coat of red all around her
areolas, till they too stood out from the rest of her snowy white tit flesh like
ripe cherries on top of a bowl of vanilla ice cream. 

"OH now for the works. Spread them match stick legs." the girl demanded. "Better
yet, whyn't ya put them bony knees up over the chair arms, so I can gets in
there to fix them nasty pussy lips up." A reeling Mary reluctantly did as she
was ordered.

Then as the girl was still not satisfied with her sex's position, she let the
girl lift her knees up higher and place her feet on the chair seat. She had
never had to sit like this before. She was twisted up like a pretzel and felt
soo exposed. The black girl, got down in between her knees with the lipstick
tube, and began to coat the inner surfaces of the delicate lips. Still not
satisfied the girl demanded,

"Not enough spread, whyn't you reach on down here and spread these nasty lips of
yours out wide for me .. so I can paint the insides of um for your pictures."
the girl demanded.

What else could she do? Mary reached down, and spread her little labia lips out
for this girl.

As she struggled to maintain her grip on her labia, she heard the girl demand, 

"I said spread them nasty things .. I don't care if it hurts. SPREAD THOSE LIPS
.. WIDE! ... WIDER! .. Now hold them out there, like that! Till I say you can
let um go."

The black girl smiled up at the straining woman. Satisfied with Mary's exposure
of her labial surfaces, Desdemona now went about applying the lipstick to the
inside of her petals. Mary could only sit there hurting herself as she held her
lips stretched out wider then needed. The smiling black girl knelt there
'working', on the held open lips. But as she enjoyed demeaning the white woman,
Desdemona, worked slowly.

The demoralized woman could only sit there. Knowing she had to do it.

The black girl rose and ordered,

"OK .. But keep them, like that, so the stuff, I put in there can dry. Don't
fuck up my work or I'll kick your pasty white but." The girl ordered.

Mary could only sit there hurting her delicate lips for the girls amusement.

Taking a small black brush the black girl stood up over the cringing woman, and
started drawing thick eye-brows above her smarting eyes.

"You'd best hold real still .. this shit ain't normal eye brow shit. It's carpet
dye and it'll burn the shit out ya eyes if I slips .. so you'd best stay still."

Happy with her power, she went about her task and Mary soon had wide, thick, jet
black, eye brows and a thin line all around each of her eyes.

Desdemona lowered her hand and felt inside Mary's lips with more fingers than
she needed. Then she manipulating the little hooded treasure till Mary began to
react, then she quickly stood up, 

"OK! All dry .. Now you can let go, but don't ever think about closing um, and
don't you go getting it all wet and slimy in there till the pictures are done."
she ordered.

Now the girl took the carpet dye and outlined the naked spread open woman's
nipples. She drew a thin line around the outside of each areola. The red
outlined in black capping the show white breast was the mark of a whores
preparation for 'work in her profession'.

Looking over her work Desdemona called out,

"What you'll think bout the whore now? She's ready?"

Then to Mary she ordered.

"Hold still, just like that so they can see what needs correcting."

Mary felt like an animal being readied for slaughter, but she sat there and she
couldn't even cry.

Bob and Andy came over and looked over their made up new apprentice prostitute
carefully. They looked at everything. Fingered some formally untouched parts of
her anatomy, ordered minor changes to be made here and there. They straightened
the collar till the embossed letters 'BITCH' was front and centered right under
Mary's chin. Then they pronounced her ready for pictures.

"Now turn the chair to this side. Good. Now sit forward on the front edge of the
chair and raise up your legs back up over the arms again like before. Ok. Good.
Now hold your knees wide open with your hands .. elbows way out there .. Now
lean forward .. to show the tits to her best .. further .. wider .. OK! Now hold
the pose like that!. And for christ sake SMILE! Or his balls will suffer till
you do it right."

In a daze, after all that had happened, she did as she was told. She posed but
the pose was soo .. revealing and degrading .. but she had to hold it. Her
nakedness was then recorded, first with a pair of video cameras, and then with
two still cameras, and finally a large format instant camera. Her whole captive
body was now captive on various media also forever.

Her back ached but still she held the pose.

When the instant picture came out of the camera and developed it was looked
over, appraised, and then affixed to an official looking registration card.

Her right hand was taken out, the thumb was inked and printed in the space
provided on the card.

"Now we'll use this to register you as a novice stripper in Andy's bar .. Not a
paid one .. mind you .. amateur .. Means you pay him for the privilege of
working on his stage and collecting the tips. Now we'll also register you as an  
apprentice prostitute at the local union office .. all legal like."

Now we'll take your prostitutes portfolio for you.

She now had to hold the card, with her data on it, under her face, tits, and
cunt. Then she was made to get up and turning around, bend over, and spreading
open ass cheeks, all the while affirming her desire to be a prostitute for the
video's sound track.

When Bob was satisfied, he had her again sit back down in the chair with her
legs over the arms, holding open her sex lips, for the video camera's to zoom in
and record.

Sitting there on the front edge of the stiff wooden chair, naked, attired in
only the thick leather collar, labeling her 'BITCH', was very demeaning. At his
order, she could just sit there holding the required pose.

Now going over her body with his left hand, he liked the feel. Having her there
under his hands, arching her back to show off her soft white tits sticking out
to their chest gave the black man a rush. Her pretty little pink labia gaping
open exposing all her secrete places to the camera's all seeing eye to record
would be let him relieve this moment forever ... Smiling he knew further that
the young former teacher, was now His. Registering her as an apprentices
stripper and novice prostitute, and he was her owner .. owner of all this
forever! 

While she sat there, the camera men moved about mechanically, zooming in with
their lenses, for a close ups of all of her gaping exposed sex parts. (Her
gynecologist had never been up this close, or seen inside her parts as the close
up of this tape recording.)

Just the knowledge of these tapes, and photo images, in these black men's hands
guarantee that she would be their sex slave for as long as they wanted her.

 she wondered.

"Now .. hold that pose .. I likes it. What say, we plays a little game of twenty
questions? As you look so nice and comfortable there whyn't you just hold that
pose .. and speak up so the audio can get a good copy on it. Understand me?"

"YES!" she said straining to hold herself up. The tapes and pictures were enough
to enslave her, more wouldn't make any difference. But it would give them
information to use later .. if it was needed.

"You know how to play twenty questions? We're going to ask you some questions. 
If I even think you be lying, or you don't give a full and complete answer, that
I likes, then fag over there gets them little balls of his twisted ... We will
also adds another punishment for you to be suffered when 'fun time' is over,
tonight." Bob instructed. "You got it Bitch??"

She just held her pose. The demeaning nature of her pose was bad enough but
sitting there for more time caused her whole body to scream for relief. She'd
tell him anything to get relief .. anything. 

The card that she had written out, had been placed beside her for positive
identification. Now she was quizzed about other parts of her sex life. The time
of day that she preferred sex, although they called by it's vulgar name
'FUCKING'.

Claud moved the video camera in for a close up and pointed it at her upper torso
from below to get all her user points in the shot, as she answered the
questions.

"Right. Ok! We'll start with an easy one. When does your next period start?" He
demanded digging his fore-finger into her open defenseless gaping vagina.

An embarrassing question, but she had no way to avoid it. She answered
truthfully.

"A week ago, um .. on Wednesday."

As she answered, she thought, it was not enough, they had her catalogued all her
outer images on tapes. They wished to look deep inside her body too. She
realized that she would have no privacy with these black men as her owners.

"All right cunt."  Bob said wiggling the finger inside her, "Then you 're open
for business for weeks of free bees! Aren't ya."

She cringed, but knew they would find out and probably punish her if she lied.

"Tell us, now, which boy, in you home room class, would you most like to FUCK!
AND HOW WOULD YOU WANT HIM! and why?"

"No... God  No!!" she stammered, they were only 10 or 11 year olds. She couldn't
.. even immagine ..

"A wrong answer .." Bob said as he looked over to where Frank was staked out and
nodded his black head. "That's one."

"AAAAAAAA!!"

A scream, from across the room and the count of 1 quickly brought her to her
senses.

She had no choice... To this she would lie, but she would use real a boy in her
class.

"Um .. Jason Drury" she murmured "Um .. I would love to have sex ...with him,
and .. "

"Not good enough bitch .. Louder ..  more convincing .. for the cameras Bitch,
and use the proper words. Words a bitch like you uses at her work would use ...
Now! And loud! AND SMILE! for the birdie .. All ways smiling. We got's only
happy whores here .. Oh and that's two punishments you get's later.!"

"AAAAWWERR!" Frank cried out through his gag, again.

Now she realized, this would be more blackmail material. But they had both been
drawn in so deep now, that there was no point in holding back.

So Mary kept smiling, holding her pose, while she related how she would love to
FUCK,  her young blond hared student. She went into detail for the camera. She
was doing it all to save Frank's poor little balls.

"How much do you think you're gonna charge your fuckers for using your sex ..
You know .. the rates for .. for the use of your cunt, and ass hole, and blow
jobs ... Like that."

She thought, she would be sick. She was being forced to price her own sexual
favors for the tape. Cues from Bob, really set her prices, but to the camera's
eye, it seemed she was giving out prices, like a whore would.

Bob also coaxed further information on her total sex life.

He was pleased to find out, she was monogamous in her marriage, and the couple
did not practice any perversions. Till now!

It would be soo much more fun to make her do all them nasty things for him, for
the first time. OH! The things he was going to make her do! 

Then the questions lead her in another direction.

He had her detail having sold drugs to her students, having sought out and paid
for S&M sex for herself, and together with her gay husband. She also detailed
the surrendering of her little charges, to her husbands lust, after school.

Satisfied, Bob stopped the tape, and with a smile informed her ..

"Although you think you lied for convenience about Jason, the drugs etc .. I
know you will be pleased to know, in a while these will not be lies. We likes to
catch the little fuckers young, keep em in the habit. You will help us, and your
being a teacher well.. you'll do it all."

All the while he was fondling her soft vulnerable right tit .. Demonstrating his
total mastery over her fleshy breast and the rest of her.

"OK! Now go sit that fine ass of yours down on the floor, right there." ordered
Bob, pointing to a point in the center of the carpet.

Stiffly Mary rose, shook out her muscles and obeyed him by going over to where
he indicated. She sat down there, with her knees drawn up against her breasts,
and her arms protectively around them. Holding herself closed up tight to
protect her body from it's nakedness.

"No! NO!  Not like that.." Bob demanded displeased at the pose. "As you must be
tired .. whynt you lay your cute little ass back ... all the way down." was the
next command.

She did that with her arms by her side. As she lay back, this pose reminded her
of laying back in the dentists chair. The same knot tighten in her stomach as it
did then. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw the black girl, Desdemona
moving. The black girl made a production of taking off her panties. She had also
raised her skirt all the way up and held it pushed up around her waist. As she
advanced on the prone woman. The girl thus exposed her hairy black sex to anyone
who wanted to look, the camera, and the anxious woman laid out there..

Mary immediately thought that a general orgy would follow. She felt a little
more relaxed, laying on the carpet, looking up at the ceiling. She hoping for
this to be the last thing .. and then she hoped the night would be over. The
couple might then go home together..

Then when she heard ... some one order her ..

"Open dem damn white legs .. WIDE!"

She didn't even think of resist. She spread her feet about a foot apart waiting
for the orgy to begin.

"This ain't afternoon tea! Wider .. with them bony things." came the new
command.

She closed her eyes and but obeyed. What did it matter .. It was all there on
tape from before.

"Wider, ..  wider ... If I gotta get my belt off .. you gonna be .."

Now she obeyed. She was spread so far her sinews were pulled tense, and
straining to keep spread .. WIDE! .. She could felt her delicate colored pussy
lips again gape open, but this time of their own volition. 

"Better .. Now put your nasty feet flat on the floor .. arch up .. show that
nasty thing up there, for us all to see inside. Make it all open up  ..
available for fucking!"

What more did these animals want of her .. Mary had to adjust her body somewhat,
closing her legs slightly, but she obeyed and soon lay there in the perfect
position for rape .. um FUCKING ..

"Please don't!" Mary sobbed as she heard movement around her head.  She assumed
that Bob, or one of the men, was going to come over here and rape her available,
wide open, displayed vagina. Sensing someone standing directly over her head,
with their feet right up against her ears. 

She opened her eyes, looked directly up, and saw who was goin ...

To her surprise, she saw it was Desdemona's nasty, hairy sex descending down to
her face.

"OK you little whore. You going to eat my juice black pussy, and your gonna eat
me real good." Saying that the black kinky hared pussy was lowered down covering
Mary's soft white mouth.

She instinctively tried to turn her head.

She had never done this, or even thought of it before. She just could n't .. But
now facing the dark black almost purple hole and musty smelling pussy, Mary
tried had tried to turn her head away from it, and closed her own legs.

"Not co-operative?" Desdemona said, "Perhaps, Monk there can give poor Frank's 
nuts a little squeeze. But you'd best get to eating me, like a good bitch .. You
needs the experience. You have to serve all your customers .. Don't you know?"

She said nothing. Mary just couldn't do this  .. it was ...

"OK Monk" said the girl, "Give um a good twist."  

"AAAAAAA!!!!"

She heard her husband give out with a muted blood-curtailing scream.

"No! No more .. please. I'll do it. I just don't know .. "  muttered the
sickening Mary.

"What you say?" the girl said still towering over the prostrated woman.

"I 'll do it ... I 'll do it!" shouted Mary into the dark skin all around her
face.

"Oh NO No ... You got's to beg me .. to be allowed to 'do it.'.", smirked
Desdemona as she squatted down hovering over the white woman's face. 

"Please, Please let me eat you." the defeated woman said. Begging was only words
she thought.

 Mary wondered.

"Well .. OK, but how does I know that you will do a good job? You will do a good
job. Or else." said the girl pulling her pussy lips open to show the subservient
woman what she wanted eaten. "Well OK NOW!!! Go ahead ... Lick.. me. Lick me you
bitch.'

Her precious tongue went out and licked the outside of the hair lined pussy lip
that was being presented to her face.

There was another flash, as yet another incriminating picture was taken of the
poor woman, this time being initiated into the practices of lesbianism..

The taste wasn't really nasty .. It tasted like .. kinda sticky .. and .. musty
... and salty. Then the pussy leant forward and forcing itself tightly onto the
white woman's mouth. Having no other options she sucked and almost chewed the
pussy lips, doing the best she could, shutting her mind off as much as she
could.

"Don't you piss about there. I believes you ain't done it before, but you know
what you like and you'd better be getting to doing that for me or ..."

"That's the way .. More tongue NOW! .. Good! Now suck that thing .. Do it like
.."

More flashes and her new skills were catalogued.

"OK! Good enough! Now give her a little 69 lezzie warm up." called out Bob from
above.

With that Desdemona got up and turned round. Then knelt down over Mary's face
again, only this time, reversed, bringing her ass hole into the cowering woman's
view.  But this time the black girl lowered her own belly on to the white
woman's belly. And her own face descended between the white thighs.

The cowered woman now looking up directly into a hairy black ass hole.

As the command "Legs open!" came again, Mary again spread and repeated the
position she had assumed before.

She felt movement. Then she felt kinky hair between both her thighs and seconds
later a tongue began brushing over her own pussy lips.

"Right little lezzie you married." Monk taunted the still tied down, gagged
Frank as he held up the sweating man's head to assure, he watched every minute
of the action.

His wife was bone dry but in the 69 position. She was only concentrating on her
one oral tasks, for him.

The efforts of Desdemona, although expertly applied and even with digital
stimulation of her clit, failed to get her cunt to juice up.

"My turn now. Let a real man try her out." said Bob and waved the black lezzie
away from the prone woman.

Before Mary had time to react to the departure of the cunt above her face, Bob
had moved between her wide spread legs. She tried to get up protesting, but Bob 
grabbed her under her thighs, lifting them, and slid his cock across her pussy 
which was slightly damp from saliva. He leaning forward with all of his weight
and his rigid cock slid right into her open defenseless cunt.

The first lunge took his penis about half way in, it was a rough, very sore time
for her as the excited man fucked into her dry vagina. 

She screamed partly in pain, and partly with the humiliation, in knowing that
this low life was now taking her body. She could do nothing .. absolutely
nothing about it.

Bob pulled back, a little, then drove in again, hard, then out and finally on
his third thrust got all of himself all the way inside her.

The pain was so sharp, she thought at first he was using a metal dildo. She knew
she was cut and bleeding inside. But now that he was finally, fully inside her,
just laying there on top of her, she knew it was his over stimulated big dick..

His rough clothes, rubbed against her soft tits. He was fully dressed, with only
his dick sticking out of his fly. He liked fucking a new bitch like this. (The
power thing.)

Now that he had achieved his perch, he began kissed her mouth. He tasting
Desdemona's pussy on her lips, and smiled. She taasted, his beer baited breath.
He moved his tongue inside, her mouth as she fought to move her head away from
the kiss.

"You're ain't gonna disobeying me?" her smiling black rapist inquired.

"No!" she whispered.

"Then KISS back and use that tongue .. lots of tongue .. right .. move it around
inside .. now!" he ordered. "And moan! Lots of maoning!"

Bob milked the kiss for the hole time, as he now continued to forced his cock
all the way up her cunt. Taking his head away, forcing himself back onto his
arms he called across to Frank,

"Pay attention FAG! Watch how a real man fucks a bitch like this one here."

A distraught husband, although he felt that his wife might make love to another
man that evening, felt that this was not making love. This, he felt was rape,
and his dear wife was not enjoying it. 

Bob rose up his chest and started to sucked her defenseless tits.

"They is tasty .. ain't they FAG?" Bob inquired of the horrified husband.

Then she started to scream as he captured the left nipple in his mouth and bit
down on it ... All the while eyeing her frantic husband.

"Keep watching! You'll learn something about whore bitches like this FAG!." the
thug Monk ordered.

Having humiliation the couple, Bob now set about pleasuring himself. He pushed
himself in and out to his own rhythm. She was just a hole, for his pleasure now,
as he thrust in and out with ever increasing speed and violence.

She could do nothing, but lay back, grunting and moaning as the breadth was
knocked out of her.

Suddenly the black body on her, tensed up, and she felt the wetness that
signaled, him had come deep inside her body.

She felt utterly defeated, and very tired. She lay back as he withdrew and
commenced to sobbing.

Wearily Bob rose up, went over and sat on the sofa with his deflated sticky cock
still out side dribbling on to his dirty trousers.

"HAY YOU BITCH! Crawl over here and clean my cock for me .. you dirtied it. So
you'd best clean it!" he demanded with a regal wave of his right hand.

She could not believe it. Surely she had suffered enough. Bob had done enough to
her and her husband .. now ..

"No please." she pleaded while trying to sit up.

"You're not gonna refuse me, are you?" he asked glancing over at her captive
husband.

She had no choice, defeated again, she crawled slowly across the floor. She
switched off her mind, as she reached the black sadist.

Obediently she lowered her head onto another man's cock. This was the third time
that night, only this time, it was coated with her own cunt juice and his semen.

It was awful!!!

But she still had to do it. Her spirit was broken! She had to obey. Trying not
to gag but.

"Kneel up!" a male voice behind her ordered.

"And beg me!" Bob demanded.

"Please let me clean your dick." she pleaded looking at the disgusting organ
sticking out of the trousers.

"Yea! See FAG all whores love dirty dicks don't they? Go on." he said.

She obeyed, and began sucking Brian's dirty cock. She felt someone force her
back down almost prone and then suddenly she felt Monk's slim long cock push
into her cunt from behind.

"uuuu."  she grunted but she continued to suck, the dick in her mouth.

Monk wasn't shy. He just pumped away in her cunt. To keep from sliding off her
sweating back, he reached round to her chest, and grabbed her soft silky tits ..
pulled um out and squeezed um hard.

She escaped into another world. She crotch there like some animal and rocked
with the men using her body for their pleasure.

She was just a naked BITCH, for their use .. Then she CAME! All the times she
and Frank had spent mak .. fucking and she had to be used like this to ..

She was disgusted with her body .. and also DELIGHTED!

"Fagget you ever seen her work two men, real men before? Looks like your old
lady loves two cocks. TWO real cocks!" laughed Monk as the helpless Frank could
only lay there sobbing.

Moments later he was depositing his sperm into the orifice that already
contained a load from Bob. Then he slid back, stood up, and as he was zipping up
his dirty jeans, Monk asked the video man, Claud,

"Think you got enough good footage of the bitch??" 

As he wanted a piece, of the scene, Claud confirmed with a grunt he had the
tape.

"O.K. Then, It's you're turn in with the er. Show her your specialty!" Monk
said.

After he withdrew from Mary's cunt she had slumped to the floor, and curled up
into a fetal ball.

"OK my friend!" Claud said as Monk moved away taking the camera from him to
record the new 'specialty'.

A smiling Claud turned to the almost comatose woman and demanded,

"UP ON YOU KNEES, BITCH THE NIGHT YOUNG AND IT AIN'T OVER YET."

A light kick to her shoulder made her uncoil and wearily try to comply.

As she got on her knees and looked up, came the instruction which made her blood
run cold. She could only look up in horror when she heard, 

"Lean over, lean way over. Good .. But don't support yourself with your hands.
Now just reach back .. with both your hands and grab your cheeks, Ok now spread
them, spread your ass cheeks, open. I only like um tighter than whores cunt
holes. So I'm gonna corn hole ya. NOW!" 

Had that instruction been given just one hour earlier, she would have screamed
.. tried to get away .. fought .. or reacted quite differently. But now, beaten
as she was, she meekly bent way over, reached back and held open her virgin ass
hole for this stranger.

Claud wanted to enjoy this. He knelt behind her unzipped his fly, and brought
out his dick. He stuck it between the open white cheeks, and lightly rested the
head of his cock against her tight little anal opening. He looked up at her
husband and gave him a 'thumbs up'. Then he waited. He decided to push her
further and ordered,

"Stretch um out more .. for me. Be a good whore. I needs the room."

She gripped her ass cheeks tighter and pulled them open further, in an attempt
to comply with his wishes.

As Claud looked down, he found it hard to believe that this beautiful clean
woman, this wife, teacher, and such was now going bending over for him, 
surrendering her obviously virginal ass hole to him.

But here she was holding her cheeks wide, waiting for him to fuck her in the ass
right now. No complaint .. No fighting. She just held her ass cheeks there
awaiting his pleasure.

Mary knew, as she waited, that she was about to suffer the final indignity.

No one, she knew, had ever even told her about anything like this. She had never
even thought of .... and now she was, bend over, spread open, waiting, resigned
to being ... **ASS FUCKED*** here in this dirty hovel by a brute she did not
know!! In front of her husband, an audience, and it was all being recorded by a
video camera.

She felt Claud's hard cock, rub around her tight little grommet, but it slid
down her perineum, lower, and finally slide right into her sloppy pussy. She
relaxed. She was elated! He was just gonna fuck her!!  But her elation was
dashed when he withdrew, quickly. His cock rose up slightly and settled against
her virgin ass-hole again.

Now it pressed against her anal opening, Hard! Then came the PAIN! the raw  dull
Pain! Soon it became a suddenly sharp stabbing pain as the fleshy column forced
it's was past her tight anal grommet. With a grunt and a hard push, she felt a
tearing from her ass flesh as Claud's cock sank all of the way inside her
bowels.

Mary let go of her ass cheeks and reached out to the floor to supported their
combined weight so she was not driven face first into the floor.

Hardly had she recovered from the initial push, when she felt him begin to
slowly withdraw .. 'it was pure agony', but it stopped. He paused with just the
dick head remaining inside her vitals. Then he pushed back in, again, and then
out and in again .... faster and faster. Claud loved his 'work'. He supported
himself by placing both his hands on her sweat soaked flanks. He looked over and
smiled for the camera. Then he looked at her husband and again gave him a
'thumbs up'.

As Claud kept up a slow steady rhythm she heard.

"This bitch really likes it up the ass. Just like you FAG."  Bob yelled across
the coupled pair to the husband. "Must be your fag influence, you think?"

"Untie him, and bring him over here to get a good look see at this bitch." he
ordered Desdemona.

As if on cue, Claud reached round Mary's now soaking back and grabbed her fleshy
tits like two soft handles. Using them as levers, he rolling her captive nipples
between his thumb and forefinger. Then he gave a firm squeezed ... hard.

"Uuuuu... Uuuuu .. Uuuuu" she mumbled as the dick continued to stab inside her
vitals.

The pain in her chest did not hit she immediately as she was occupied with her
poor ass being fucked out, and supporting them. But within seconds, the sharp
pain from her tortured nips made her suddenly feel very sick. Her mind scrambled
with the double battering of pain. 

Her stressed arms supporting not only her but Claud's dead weight, gave way and
she fell face down driven into the floor's rug. The dead weight on top of her
body seemed to drive her into the hard wooden floor, the rug provided no cushim.

Seeing his chance Claud using his tit death grip rolled both of them over onto
his back so now Mary's naked front was just lying up there, available, nude and
defenseless, on top of his still pumping cock embedded deep in her suffering ass
hole.

When he was brought over, Bob grabbed the naked demoralized Frank by his sweaty
hair and pulled him down on his knees beside his wife. Bob forced her husband's 
face to within inches of her vacant, well used dripping cunt ..

"You see this bitches cunt?" he demanded, pointing at her dripping available
orifice, "That's is mine NOW! and I never ... never ever, want you to ever look
at it or think of using it ever again. You hear me fag ... Don't worry about
your needs because after tonight you won't ever be able to, and you won't ever
even want to, when we are finished with you two.'

"Andy show the fag here his new vocation ... '

Andy strolled over to where Frank was being held by Bob and unzipped his fly.
"OK, fag ... make with the lips, .. get me nice and hard for the bitch's cunt,
and be quick about it!." ordered Andy, although he was not gay, he too enjoyed
the public humiliation of a captive husband.

Frank knew he had no choice. He opened his mouth and took another disgusting wet
cock in his mouth. A hand gripping his balls convinced him to began again to
suck cock. He gagged slightly at the putrid taste of the cock, and Andy's
attempt at deep throating him. 

As Frank gagged, Andy laughed and yelled down to the suffering wife, 

"Lookie here you bitch cunt, look at your fag of a husband. Watch his sucking me
nice and hard for you sloppy old hole. You can see he really likes this much
better than you ... Watch him .."

Mary looked up through her tear clouded eyes, and saw her husband kneeling above
her, kneeling before Andy, and Frank seemed to be sucking the man's dick
willingly.

"That's enough of that! Now FAG .. maybe I'll let you have more later." said
Andy withdrawing his shiny spit coated hard cock from Frank's still sucking
mouth. "Make yourself useful .. Put it in the bitch's cunt hole for me. Like a
good fag..." 

Andy crouched down over Mary, and Claud, with his hard dick pointing at her open
moist hole. Although Frank did not actually put the wet hard cock in his wife's
cunt, he was there. He watched the three couple, feeling helpless and so did
nothing to stop this brutal use of his wife ...

Andy pressed his stiff all ready wet cock forward and squeezed it in beside
Claud's in her now tightly packed ass tube.

Mary felt incredible pressure stretching her ass-hole's grommet, but her cunt
tube was empty. Andy's cock began to work its way in. 2 .. 3 .. 4 pushes.
Finally, painfully, he too was securely inside her bowels. Mary knew that the
membrane separating her anus and cunt was stretched to its breaking point and
might give at any time ..

As she screamed, she heard,

"Tell me dearie ... Tell me, I'm better than fagget over there."

'Yorrrrrr better, better .. than my husband." she whined hoping to placate this
monster deep inside her ass.

"Tell him you don't want his faggie ass around you anymore."

It was like play acting, but in her distress, she cried out loud, convincingly 
and clear so everyone in the room could hear,

"I DON'T WANT YOU AROUND ME ..  IN MY BED .. OR IN MY PUSSY ANY MORE."

To her gawking husband, she sounded convincing. He could not do anything to help
or protect her. In his mind, he understood. As he hung his head, and hoped, 
though that maybe..

"Hay fag look carefully you see me sliding into the bitches asshole too?" Andy
demanded of the cowering husband over his shoulder. "Even a fag like you can
see, how much better we are at satisfying a bitch like her than you ever could."

"Yes .. Yes .. " the deflated husband mumbled looking at his former wife wriggle
there impaled by two men's cocks in her ass.

"Move out ta way fagget. Bitch still got another hole for a man to use." Bob
said unzipping his fly.

The naked husband moved over and stood there watching powerlessly, as Bob knelt
down beside Mary's gasping mouth. Smiling Bob presented her with another black
cock to satisfy. She didn't need to be told what to do. She turned her sweat
soaked head slightly, stretched out her neck and reached across with her right
hand. She grasped the offered dick, and direct the stiff black organ into her
ovaled lips. When the organ entered her oral cavity, Mary immediately started
sucking the offered wet black dick again.

Frank looked on in horror as his lovely dark hared wife serviced 3 cocks from
the gang members. He couldn't help it .. he broke down and wept like a woman..

"AAA get over hear little boy," called Desdemona, sitting on the floor holding
open her smelly cunt, "Make your faggie self useful .. NO! .. Don't even try to
walk like a man ... Fags like .. you crawl .. So CRAWL like the fagget bitch you
are to my pussy .. Crawl to my pussy .. FAG!!!"

Frank had to obey her. He did as she commanded him. He crawled, she beckoned and
moments later he found himself eating the nasty smelling cunt of this young
black girl. All the while in his ears he heard the grunts and moans of the 3 men
fucking, his wife ...

Andy yelled "Yes ... oh Yes .. you fucking bitch!" as he came in Mary's tortured
ass hole.

She felt the wetness and then his dick being withdrawn. She felt soo relieved!!!
She couldn't help it.

She came .. again.

When he quickly pulled out of her tortured ass, squirting his dribble of cum all
over her hairy pussy and heaving white belly, SHE CAME!!

"Aahhh!" she moaned. But her body was rising to orgasm again! 

Soon Bob too withdrew from her still gaping mouth. But he was still hard. Then
started using his hand in blurred strokes till he too ejaculated. Satisfied he
made sure his spunk went all over her still wide open lips and tortured face.

Claud pushed her off his still stiff prick, but he was not able to cum in her
ass.

This left her body with that empty feeling that Frank had left her with most
nights. All worked up and unsatisfied.

Mary was soo tired .. She could only lay there, in the middle of the dirty
floor, on her side. she aching all over and was covered with the gobs of male
spendings ... She knew, now, she was their WHORE! They had made her cum! They
owned her ...

"Please ... Please.. "she begged ..

"Looks like little bitch needs some dick .. but were fresh out .. How bout you
do yourself for us?" Bob demanded amused at Mary's need.

She didn't even hesitate. She had to do this all the time at home .. in the
bathroom .. in private .. but .. now .. here ..

She rolled over and mastibated her little love button to orgasm in seconds she
was soo hot.

"Aaaaaaa!" she gasped and lay there satisfied.

"Desdemona take these nasty disgusting perverts out my sight. Get um on
upstairs, and have um take a shower. And don't waist any hot water on um .. Give
um a nice of hot black coffee that's a good gal ... Get your nasty disgusting
asses up there, and mind your manners. She be your boss for now. Mind her!"

Mary flailed about trying to get to her feet. As she had to follow the black
girl, pushing her demoralized husband away from her and up the stairs. Finally
she managed to get on her feet. The girl quickly grabbed Mary's arm and pulled
the miserable, sobbing wife up. Then she helped the puzzled naked couple
upstairs.

There was a relieved look on their faces. It was all over? Had it just been an
over the top sex session? If that was the case, they could get over it.

Mary woke up standing there under the shower's freezing cold cleansing water.
For a long time she didn't even feel the cold. The cold water running down over
her sore abused body was almost soothing .. at first. She was made to used the
sliver of soap to clean the disgusting cum off her skin and out ever sore
orifice, before the girl let her get out. Even the small sliver of soap helped
her feel almost clean again. When she got home she would .. 

"Come on .. Come on .. The fag needs a wash job too." The black girl demanded.

She stepped out and tried to dry her shivering body on the thin thread bare
towel on the rack.

Self-conscious at being naked with two women Frank entered the shower as his
wife left but she did not meet his gaze ...

Desdemona fixed and gave the naked still wet wife a steaming mug of black
coffee. MARY gratefully accepted it and sipped it as she attempted dried her wet 
hair on the all ready wet towel. Doing any thing as she sought to forget her
previous humiliating ordeals.

She asked Desdemona what was going to happen now, but the girl did not answer
her. Desdemona took the mug and refilled it for Frank. 

From downstairs there were the noises of furniture being moved around. She also
thought that she heard what sounded like their car returning with from the visit
to her home.

By then her husband emerged having finished his shower. He was forced to try to
dry himself on the other, smaller towel. He was then given the mug of hot black
coffee.

The couple felt a little more relaxed and confident now. They even sat down
there, draped in towels. They felt that their ordeal was over .... It had been
nothing more than a rather wild, kinky sex session. True it had gone too far but
now they felt it was over .... They were through it. They could go home .. In
their eyes, he had already decided that he would not press any charges.

She too was just looking forward to going home .. to really cleaning her self up
and recover from a night she would never forget, but it was over ... OVER!

Then they heard Bob's voice demanding,

"Come down here you two! NOW!" 

Reluctantly the naked couple started down stairs wrapping the meager towels
around trying to cover themselves.

"Them towels stay here!" Desdemona demanded.

A little unhappy, but not feeling really too bad they obeyed. Again naked the
couple made their way down the stairs. Frank almost smiled at his perceived
relief.

 he thought.

When they got back to the room, the naked couple froze in horror at the sight of
the large group of thugs awaiting them.

Claud and Andy sat comfortably by the table. A roll around, low red metal tool
chest stood beside them. The carpet had been covered with a large sheet of clear
plastic sheeting. On top of the tool chest were several gadgets, which the nude
pair could not make out.

Their clothes which had laid around on the floor, were gone! Tyrone and his
friend were standing close to the stairs, each holding a baseball bats at the
ready.

Behind them, Desdemona pushed the reluctant pair down, off the stairs and into
the center of the room. The thugs closed in around them. They turn and looked
for a way to get away, but the door was closed and Andy, together with Claud
blocked that escape route.

"Are my nice new fuckers .. feeling all better then?" leered Bob.

"Yes" Frank gulped. She just remained silent, with downcast eyes, afraid, nude
in the presence of all the men and boys.

"Good! Well lets clear up a little business first." Bob began. "We've been
through all your papers and things. We found you have $3167.23 on deposit in
your bank accounts you pitiful fag. Not much but we'll take it. You'll make out
a check for that to ME! Personally!  We've begun emptying your over draft
accounts at the ATMs. Some of our 'scavengers' are maxing out you're credit
cards at the local stores, they have needs ..  They'll continue to do so until
they get refused."

"The Porsches are ours now. You'll just sign the back of the registrations NOW!
No need to report um stolen or anything nasty like that. That means you, Frankie
boy, will have to find another way of getting home tonight. But never mind. That
we'll fix up later."

"Now lookie here. These adds are going to be in the next issue of 'COUPLE'S'",
he said handing Frank some slips of paper. They were proof copies of new half
page advertisements.

With horror Frank looked down at the scraps of paper in his hand. His eyes
widened ...

The first slip was one of the large, half page adds. A large picture of Mary in
her 'pose' was on top, and underneath it, captioned in large red letters,

            'Submissive young housewife seeks no limits experiences!
                only very generous, VERY DOMINANT PEOPLE accepted! 
                          NOTHING IS TO FAR OUR FOR ME!!'

The other add proof showed, another picture of Mary, only a face this time but
she was sucking a large black dick. This one was captioned,

                      'Good looking teacher looking for LARGE gang bangs!
                                  All offers accepted
                               No parties to large for me ..
                                  BRING YOUR FRIENDS
                                  I LOVE HARD COCKS!!!'

"You see, Frankie you fag ya, Mary's cute little ass in this add, is going to
make us a hole lot of money.' he said running his hand over her shuttering left
breast. "and she'll get all the dick she wanted."

Frank was stunned.... He was speechless. ....

"You've heard of Gypsy Cabs? Well out here regular cabs don't run but the
Gypsy's do. So in consideration of you're wife's 'entertaining' a few of um,
they might .. just might, take you're naked white ass back to your little house,
but before that you will need to help wifie here earn their tip. You have to tip
these blacks to run ya all that way to your home. Now all you have to do is sit
right out there, outside that door and charge all of the young lads outside a $1
for a piece of your wife's ass.."

"You Mary .. you lucky whore ya, ea get to 'entertain' all the young lads!
You'll love every dick of it!"

Frank was befuddled. He thought about protesting but saw Tyrone fisting his
baseball bat. He was too afraid to argue.

"OK... Good .. Now after the proceedings, we will have a little punishment
session for any misdemeanors you two make before or make during and then you,
Frankie, can go along on home ... The bitch .. well we'll see .. I kinda like
her nice big white ass. And Claud .. well .. "

The naked couple looked at each other with despair, but they couldn't see any
way out of this hopeless situation then they heard,

"Tyrone whyn't you show this fine bitch here to her 'entertaining' room and give
Frank here the little stool to sit on outside the door. Now Tyrone you be sure
to make them comfortable. They got's lot of work to do and it's getting late ...
They both have to get to work tomorrow .. Don't you'se?" 

"Oh Frankie my little fag boy.. listen close .. you be sure to collect that
money .. Else I might have Tyrone and the boys take a stick to you and run you
home .. HAHAHA!"

Tyrone led the downcast couple down the stairs to the first floor, then back to
the rear of the building..

Andy and the two skin heads with the bats followed behind, to ensure the couple
obeyed calmly and did not try to escape.

Tyrone pushed open a door on the left of the hallway and entered. Mary took one
look inside from the hall, and froze in horror. Madly she tried to turn around
and to escape. 

In the filthy room, she had seen a large dirty double bed mattress on the floor
with chains and cuffs secured to the floor at all four corners. She knew they
were there, waiting to enslave her .... forever ...

"OK! OK! .. ON THE BED BITCH!!" ordered a confident Tyrone. "Make it easy and I
won't chain your legs wide open."

She had to try. She struggle but he was experienced in this. Grabbing her by her
right arm, he bent it up behind her back, and dragged her back-wards into the
horrible room. Then he twisted her around and threw her down, on her back, onto
the dirty bed quilt. He reached round grabbed her right tit and squeezed real
hard, saying,

"That's earned you another punishment. Keep it up bitch .. You'll suffer for
every infraction ... LATER..... Do you understand me??" 

Laying on top of her, on the bed, he released his tit hold to grab her by her
soft white neck.

She was now more frightened than ever. She went limp, as he pulled a chain up
and secured it to the collar still secured at her throat. The other end of the
chain was fastened to the room's floorboards.

Despite all that had happened that evening she now felt the most vulnerable
ever. Chained, nude there on that dirty bed, she was at her lowest ebb. She had
been soo elated only minutes earlier. But now she knew, she was truly going to
be a captive SEX SLAVE. She could see herself nude and chained to this dirty bed
... available to anyone that wanted to use her forever and ever.

 she wondered.

Her helpless husband could just stand there in the doorway, looking on, as his
lovely, naked, slim little wife was chained to the room's floorboard to fuck for
his cab fare home.

She looked so .... so  vulnerable laying there, naked, sexy, CHAINED, seeking to
protect her vulnerable tits with her arms. This sight affected even him, in his
current predicament, could not help himself. His dick began to swell at the very
sight of her vulnerable nudity.

Tyrone grabbed Frank's stiffening dick, and dragged him outside the door. He
kicked a small stool there in the hall and forced him to sit on it, on the
landing outside the door.  Then Tyrone ordered the naked subdued husband,

"Didn't he tell you to not look at that pussy no more? You got's one punishment
coming too. Now remember shit head .. Your job's to sit right here, collect the
money, $1 a head for your wife's ass, or cunt, or mouth .. You got it? It's for
your trip home. I want every penny here in this bag ... You got it???'

The demoralized man could only sit there, naked, on that little stool, trying to
cover his own shrinking genitals with his hands. The black boys stair caused him 
to grab up the gray cloth bag and hold it out. He felt soo defeated and
powerless. In his mind, his was desperately trying to think of some way to get
out of this situation, but none would come. His hard on was all that his brain
could comprehend.

Inside the dirty room a naked Mary could only curl up and lay there, chained by
her neck to the floor. Looking up she saw only the room's dirty stained ceiling.
She wonder what worse fate awaited her, here in this dirty little room?
Shuttering she could only close her naked legs, cover her tits with her hands
and await her fate.

Time seemed to crawled by. But like waiting for a horror, the fear of the
unknown elongated the time span endlessly.

Both heads jerked when they heard a loud knock on the outside door.

They both heard a muffled conversation down the hall, before Bob led a small
unshaven dirty middle aged black man down the hall to them.

"No charge for this one." he muttered to the cowering Frank as they passed the
naked husband holding out the bag.

"Mr. um .. Smith here is a real special customer of mine. He likes to see all
the new ones and leave his mark on the fresh meat. This here's the pitiful
excuse for a husband ... But you'd best get hold of that bag and be ready ..
less I have Tyrone come back cut them useless balls off'n you."

Frank quickly forgot modesty and held out the bag, with both hands. Now he sat
there ram rod straight and held it out ready for ...

When the pair of older black men entered the room Bob explained ...

"Here's the bitch. All yours Mr. Smith," said Bob pushing the door open to show
the nude cowering chained female. "What do you think your doing? You trying to
embarrass me in front of my best customer?? Get those hands off them tits ..
spread them legs .. Make the man feel welcome here .. you'd best be friendly ..
You got's another punishment coming and if I hear you don't behave FRIENDLY ..
you'll get another one. Now spread um for this fine customer .."

Sensing danger and hearing the word punishment again she quickly dropped her
hands letting her tits fall away form her chest, and opened her legs showing her
hairy pubic mound to this pair of disgusting men.

"You stupid bitch! You tired? Don't me ever let me catch you just lay there. Get
that ass up from that mattress."

She tried to stand but the chain attached to her collar, pulled her up short.

"NAAA! Bitches like you don't greet customers on they feet. They kneel up there
... Now do it!"

In fear for her life she quickly knelt in the middle of the bed, and looked up
sheepishly at her owner.

"Now put your damn hands behind your damn head. Stick out them tits .. and open
them knees .. Wider .. Man might want to fuck that pussy .. Let him see the
merchandise."

In her fear, she did as he demanded, and held the demeaning whore's position.

"Now every time I or any of my customers come in here, you be that way or I'll
fix it so you and your fagget husband never forget your 'unfriendly' attitude.
And open them lips!" Bob demanded squeezing her cheeks causing her mouth to
open.

"A customer comes in here, and sticks out a dick, you beg .. 'nicely' .. to be
allowed to suck it. He wants you to suck it. You do it enthusiastically .. lot's
of tongue .. whole lotta of slurping .. My customers like SLURPING .. You see's
a cunt, you beg for that too .. You understand me?"

She nodded her head. She just could not bring forth the words ...

SLAPPP

The strong black right hand slapped her face while it's mate held her hands
captive behind her head.

"You don't shake at me .. You bitch, You answer me .. You answer me
respectfully. I is your owner. I'll get a dull butter knife and cut off your
tits, I get any complaints about you're bad attitude or servicing of my clients
... You hear me?" Bob demanded.

"YES SIR!" she answered quickly, looking down at the dirty mattress fearing more
physical pain, her face smarting from the slap.

Bob stood up smiling at his demonstrated power over her but as he left the room,
he said.

"You tell me if'n she don't give proper respect Mr. Smith."

She could only kneel there, wide open for anything, watching as Mr. Smith walked
around the room, observing her like some kind o' lab rat he was going to use for
his amusement.

He was short say 5' 3" or so, with small thick horn rimmed glasses. He was
skinny, wearing a dirty white T-shirt with filthy jeans, carrying a nice new
looking long sports bag.

"Well we have a beauty here" Mr. Smith said looking down at the chained young
wife kneeling at his feet. He slammed the rooms door closed. Mr. Smith liked his
privacy. Slowly he advanced on her. He reached out a filthy hand and ran it over
her naked, shrinking left tit .... She tried to shrink back away.

"No! He said you'd be fiendly! Do I have to .."

She froze and just knelt there as the black hand took possession of her soft
left boobie.

"Nice .... Really nice ... Now don't worry, girlie! I am not going to rape you."
he quietly informed her continuing to need and weigh, her oh so soft mammary.

After a few squeezes he let go of her tit and seemed to lose interest. He stood
up straight, and turn away from her. He put his big new bag down on the room's
only chair.

ZIIPPII

The zipper noise sounded lous in the quiet room. She was confused, but held her
pose. Seconds later, it became all too clear what Mr. Smith intended. He turned
back to face her and advanced upon her left side. He stood there with a long
black leather whipping cane. He reached out with it and touched her tit with the
cane.

She madly shook her head ..... and cried out,

"NOOO!!! Oh please .. NO!"

But without further ado, the man brought the cane down quickly, 3 times across
her defenseless soft white left breast meat. She commenced to screaming as he
was just clipped the delicate skin. Causing maximum pain, with minimum damage.

She bent down and clutched the smarting poor mammary to protect it, otherwise
she knelt there rigid.

Mr. Smith frowned and turned back again to rummage in his bag. He retrieving
something and returned to her with a roll of silvery metallic tape, a large 4"
wide roll. 'ZZZZZZ" He played out and cut off a long strip and began to stick it
all over her gaping mouth.

It didn't hurt so she did not struggle. She was too terrified. She continued to
kneel there holding her throbbing tit.

Soon she found she was unable to make a sound, but he continued to work a second
long strip of the tape onto her white chin, totally obscuring her lower face.

She panicked! If he put it over her nose, she could suffocate, and no one would
even care ... Her useless 'fag' husband was waiting outside the closed door, and
she was alone here naked and helpless ..

But she soon forgot this concern. Mr Smith stood and retrieved his cain again.
She tried to turn her tits away from the cane as it came down 3 times more, but
this time onto her defenseless right breast.

He stopped, raised the cane high and demanded,

"On your back and open you pretty little legs .... for me bitch .. " 

She refused! She absolutely refused, and she lay back but covered her sex lips
with both hands. For this bad attitude she received at least 30 more blows all
over her twisting naked body. She could not even scream now, only grunt and try
to evade the vicious black cane as it cut into her very soul.

Outside the room Frank could just sit there cowering. He heard the initial
scream and then only more muted noises. He wondered what was going on, but he
dare not do anything, about it for fear his own balls would suffer ....

"Ready to opening them now?' asked Mr. Smith with a twisted smile, wiping the
sweat from his greasy forehead ..

Stinging all over she had no choice. With that cane he could continue to cut her
to pieces ... if she did not oblige him. She fully expecting the cane to cut
into her open defenseless pussy. Instead he turned back to his bag and retrieved
something she did not see. He knelt down and reached between her legs with that
something. Then there was a terrible stabbing pain, deep inside her defenseless
vagina.

She couldn't help closing up her legs and trying to twist away, but he and the
thing stayed within her now burning vagina.

Something LARGE! really LARGE! was being forced up into her cunt.  She did not
care what it was ... She could only laid back, raise herself up and open to the
maximum, hopping to ease the entry of whatever he was thrusting into her sex.
Her tear filled eyes look at the dirty ceiling and hope for an end to it ...
Whatever it was ..... 

The burning remained but the thrusting into her cunt stopped. The presence of
something big stayed inside her sex.

Mr. Smith stood and again wiped his sweating brow.

When he again reached down. She hurt soo much, but she could only look on in
horror. Almost gently he began to pet her now distended belly. Then he slid his
black hand down, gently and secured a large hand full of her thick black pubic
mane ..

Frank, outside the door, heard the loud muffled scream from inside the room,
again, as Mr. Smith tried to lift her up off the bed solely by her thick pubic
hair.

The pain shot through her lower belly was like a million tiny sharp needles ..
in and round her tortured pussy, and all the way back between her buttocks to
her tail bone.

Then again the pain from her cunt started again. It was incredible, as Mr. Smith
went back to thrusting the object in and out of her burning cunt, with every
increasing speed. With no lubrication the pain from the huge object's insertion
in to her belly was unbearable.

Mary tried escape in her mind... She tried to let her mind wander, thinking of
.. a song, .. a book, ... anything. She was just about to pass out when she felt
a warm splash of something sticky on her tits.. Then another...

She opened her eye lids, a little, and through tear stained eyes she could see
that Mr. Smith had masturbated himself also and now he had cum all over her
heaving chest.

She ached all over .. She felt soo dirty .... so used. Her cunt burned!

Smiling down on his 'work' Mr. Smith turned and replaced his cane inside his
bag. He zipped it closed, picked it up, and left the room.

On seeing him leave, Bob smiled and told the nude Frank to go on in there and
fix up the bitch for the rest of her other customers.

He left the pair and went to talk and joke with the retiring Mr. Smith. He
wanted Mr Smith's opinion about the service he had, had from the new prostitute.

Reluctantly Frank entered the room, trying to keep from making eye contact with
his naked sobbing wife.

She started to get up, but them lay back helpless, on the dirty bed when she saw
HIM. She turned her head to the wall, and continued to weep bitterly. Her tits
and her hole, Her whole body seemed to be covered with hurt! The thick cooling
sperm seemed to lay all over her abused chest making it disgusting to touch
them.  She was gagged with silver metallic tape and from inside her tortured
cunt an upside down coke bottle top could be seen, but the rest of it was all
the way inside her vagina.

A horrified Frank did not know what to do. As he stood there indecisive as usual
they both heard from behind them,

"Come on! Come on! Get that nasty bottle she's playing with out of her cunt. She
can't work all plugged up like that ... and lick up all that cum, that's a good
boy ... and get that gag off her other hole .. She better be clean and ready for
the customers, when they come on back here or it's your balls .. Fag."

Bob left the pair to do his will.

Reluctantly Frank knelt down and delicately tried to remove the bottle from his
wife's tormented cunt. It was so slippery and difficult that at first he
couldn't. This seemed to hurt her more than the initial inserting when he tried.
He was constantly pinching her pussy lips trying to get a hold of it .. or some
leverage. All she did was just lay back there hurting, and let her husband try.
She was too worn out to even try to assist with her gapping vaginal muscles.
After many failed attempts and much labor, her husband finally had it. It was
coming out. When they heard to their horror ..

suuruhfur

The slime coated bottle finally emerged from inside his wife. It slipped from
his fingers and fell on the floor when he heard,

"Come on! Come on! Get on with it .. Do her chest, and belly. Lick that shit up,
and HURRY!" demanded Tyrone, pointing to the now cold slimy semen on her hurting
red stripped tits....

There was not a lot of it, thought Frank, as he began to lick up the
putridifying seminal fluid.

As soon as his had some in the old cum removed with his mouth, he spat the
horrible stuff out onto the dirty matress. The cold slimy taste, together with
the fear of sexually transmitted diseases forced him to spit it out onto the
already dirty bed beside his naked suffering wife.

"Punishment again I see," Tyrone reminded him. "Fag boy! Don't ya never waist
good cum .. fags drink it all up whenever they find it. Now lick the remains up
.. and you'd best be quick about it and get that tape off that 'o hole ...
Whore's need all their holes open and available .. These young lads like a nice
little new housewife cocksucker ... "

Frank looked back and saw the bat in Tyrone's hands. Reluctantly he bent over
and 'cleaned' up the mess he made on the mattress, with his tongue. Then he
reached over and grabbed the end of the silver tape covering her lower face. He
tugged and pulled it slowly ..

The tearing pain in her eyes forced him to stop. Convinced he was hurting her
way too much, so he decided to just pull it off quickly! 

"RIPPPPPPP"

The first silver ribbon left a red irritated mark right across Mary's lower
face. She seemed relieved, but the relief short lived when he took hold of the
other strip ..

"RIPPPPPP"

"aaaa oh god Please stop them Frank please .. I hur... I ..Uh .."

It was now evident to him, she was breathed better and sobbing helplessly now
through her open her mouth.

"All right .. All right .. Outside you, she's going to 'entertain' some of the
boys to earn your ride home" Tyrone demanded dragging a reluctant husband from
his wife's side, still holding the spent strips of silvery tape.

"OH and pick up that bottle, and you can lick it clean while you collect her
fees. Get ya use to the taste of it. After the bottle maybe I'll let you do the
real thing .. You know .. Get use to the real warm thing before it get's in the
bitch."

Mary's spirit broke as she perceived her naked husband's back exiting the door.

As he left the room, he had to step aside for a large black man dressed in some
sort of uniform, entering into the room with his naked sobbing wife.

In her misery she hardly paid any attention as the huge coal black taxi driver
as he stood over her and began to strip off all of his clothes. He neatly folded
his uniform and laid each piece on the chair seat. When he was totally naked he
knelt up over her reddened tits, leant forward slightly, and force his 6" long,
3" diameter, circumcised coal black penis against her closed lips.

"You'd best suck it bitch.. Suck it good." he ordered grabbing up her sweat
matted hair to adjust her mouth into the desired position.

Knowing the futility of any resistance, she immediately complied.

In her chained position she could move her lips up and down the cock, by bobbing
her whole head. The smiling taxi driver did not move in the least. He believed
in letting the bitch do the work. She went about her duty to the black dick,
with fanned enthusiasm. He smilingly watched as she did her best to pleasurable
him by rapping her own ovaled mouth in submission.

Through the now open door her powerless husband could only looked on in a
slightly aroused horror, with some ones cum on his lips, as the black taxi
driver raped his poor wife's defenseless mouth. His dick again stiffened .. but
seeing Tyrone coming down the hall, Frank quickly started to lick the greasy
bottle.

Her lips started to burn, but she tasted the first drops of precut.

 she hopped .. but ..

The driver quickly withdrew, backed off her body, and, lifted her unresisting
legs up over his huge black shoulders. His stiff spit lubricated dick found her
cunt hole and shot home. Then he began to rapidly pound his cock into her open
dry cunt with his whole body.

The pain was too much for her. She let out a despairing, 

'Aaaarghhmffff.'

Her cunt blazed in pain, but then she felt the wetness that signaled to her ..
it was over... The driver had cum in her poor abused pussy.

"That was a good one ... With any luck, I probably gave ya a nice big black
bastard in there .. bitch .. Ain't you'll the lucky one." the driver commented
as he dressed and was needing her soft white belly ... "You keep this one nice
for me and mine .."

At least she knew this was unlikely at this time of the month ....

He walked round the bed, knelt over her with his still wet cock sticking out of
his pants and uttered the now familiar command ...

"CLEAN ME UP BITCH!! I got's to get to work."

Obediently ovaled her lips, and began to suck the slimy deflating penis into her
mouth beginning her task. After a few seconds the smiling diver decided he had
had enough. He drew back his organ, slipped it in his uniform pants, and zipped
up. He turned and smiled at the naked powerless husband as he walked slowly by
him .. He petted the beaten naked man and observed,

"Great looking bitch there. I's looking forward to using her all hole again .."

"OK! Seems like you got your ride ... Now we're going to let the young lads in
from the street. Their turn now, and you better remember ... charge um $1 each
or you won't have the tip and their 'll be hell to pay .. " 

Tyrone ordered from down the hall. Moments later half a dozen young dirty boys
came charging down the hall up to the Frank sitting at before the door.

The group were aged between 15 to 18, some were smoking, some were drinking from
bottles and one, an extremely fat one, was eating a particularly greasy taco
with the filling running down his arm ..

Hearing the running feet, Mary quickly dragged her pain soaked body up, and
knelt in the middle of the bed, as Bob had taught her. She placed her hands
behind her neck, smiled and awaited her new 'customers' arrival. Her whole body
ached but she had to keep a smile on her face, with ovaled mouth. The disgusting
pose hurt her psychologically. Her self worth was plummeting. Then she heard her
husband saying,

"$1 ... um .. please" Frank pleaded with the new 'customers'. From his low perch
on the stool he held out the gray cloth bag, Tyrone had given him for is wife's
use ..

"Do you think she's worth it Bri?" taunted one of the boys. He kicked open the
door and the whole group eyed the kneeling naked housewife chained and waiting.
Like a whore, waiting to be used for their pleasure. She would of died, earlier,
than kneel there being evaluated by these dirty gang members. But now .. here
she was .. waiting ..

"Well today maybe, but give her a little time in the life and .. Say 6 months or
so ...  I wouldn't even fuck er with your diseased cock, Toby, even if you paid
me to do it ... " came the reply from the one smoking a nasty cigar out of the
side of his mouth.

This comment run right through to the bone with Frank ..

 he wondered.

He got an answer when another lad informed him.

"You know fag boy when Bob passes them over to us .. sorry little wifeie .. will
have to beg us to be allowed to eat our shit.", the lad laughing offered ..

The boys dropped some greasy coins and paper into the bag and barged in the room
together.

She felt cold of naked terror, clutching her racing heart, but she had to kneel
there and do as Bob had ordered her or it would go worse for her.

 she worried.

When the boys entered the room they left the door open so Frank could watch. One
of the boys leaned over and poured some beer over her still fine tits.

Then one by one the boys took their turn with her defenseless body's available
charms.

Some made her suck them, others knelt behind and fucked her cunt, still others
fucked her ass hole. She was totally humiliated. She could only bend or lay, or
sit or kneel there and comply with them to lessen the pain, and facilitate the
boys use of her.

One of the fat lads disgusted with his piece of her, pushed a couple of his
dirty fingers up into her poor abused cunt before they left. When they left she
felt relief ... They were gone .... She had .. surv .. A few minutes went by,
and another group of dirty lads swaggered up to the door. This group contained
even some girls. Again she was pummeled to the group's content.  After this
group more came ....

Frank could only sit there in a daze, outside the door He averted his eyes but
still he could hear the suffering of his wife. He tried to collected the money
in the bag, but with all the pushing and shoving of the group he was never sure.

Suddenly the group quieted down. Then someone standing over him, addressed him
in a loud booming voice,

"What do you want in that bag, you sorry sack of shit?"

Without looking up Frank muttered,

"$1 please ... um .. sir."

Now he noticed the blue clad legs standing beside him.

"What in the name of fuck is that $1 for? .. Answer me you shit!!"

"To fuck .. use .. my wife. .. Sir."

He muttered still looking only at the blue legs and very shinny shoes ...

"Why you disgusting piece of slime .. I am going to arrest you. Blatantly living
off the earnings of prostitution, is illegal you dumb shit... And propositioning
a police officer in uniform! ... You must be insane! And I'm gonna arrest your
sorry whore for prostitution." shouted the commanding voice.

Finally Frank looked up in horror. Directly into the eyes of the tall dark
uniformed, policeman, holding a his night stick at the ready to enforce his
authority.

Frank was almost relieved .. It was all over. He was arrested and ... but at
least it was over...

"OK, get out you two little bastards .. Playing with this whore is over." the
policeman yelled at the last two boys still seeking a cum from the bone weary
former housewife..

"Now you disgusting you better behave, come along and bring her too, I don't
want to even touch her nasty body."  ordered the policeman as he gripped Frank's
unresisting naked right arm.

"And for gods sake man cover yourself ... Have ya no shame? You slimy fag! 
Pimping your own wife. Disgusting!" the officer demanded of the near catatonic
naked husband..

A smiling Tyrone had appeared and produced a key that unshackle Mary's neck from
chain holding her on the freshly dirtied, stained bed ..

She offered no resistance, as her husband dragged her cum covered body, down the
hall into the large room with all the men were sitting around laughing and
carrying on!

At the sight of the blue uniform and the naked couple the din died down to
absolute scilence.

The unresisting Frank found himself, and his slime dripping wife, back in the
main room of the 'restaurant'. Both his hands seemed to be locked in his crotch,
covering his genitals ... Hoping their ordeal was finally all over, his naked
wife leaning against his right shoulder dripping cum and sweat from her body's
every orifice.

Frank looked sheepishly at his recently beautiful wife. She was almost
unrecognizable. Her once pristine body and neck were a mass of welts, pinches
and bites. Her hair, and chest were covered with a layer of sticky gobs of
semen, which ran out of her crotch and down her rubbery legs and from her lips
and chin.

Their hopes for arrest and an escape were quickly dashed as Bob informed then

"Meet Officer O'Mally, one of the city's best! And my best man .. in blue. Tom
how much did he collect from the black hearted whores earnings?" Bob asked.

The bag of coins was emptied, by the policeman, onto the table and Desdemona
began to take a count of the take.

"$25! A nice tip for the driver. Maybe next time we'll have you take up a
collection at your school. A fuck the bitch fund. Bet her students 'll give um
their lunch money ...' Bob speculated.

The room exploded with laughter at the naked couple, or Bob's remarks.

Frank realized that his wife had been fucked at least 30 times that evening but
could not even bring himself to protest ....

"Soon be time to go. Cab 'll be coming .. " the smiling Bob said "Just one more
piece of unfinished business .. The 6 punishments to do, and then .. off you go
to your little home and hearth, Frank.'

"No their were only .."  Frank started to protest. 

"No arguing .. now let's just make it 7"." said Andy, "That ones for arguing
with me. The rest from complaints that a couple of the lads voiced about her
servicing, and your unfriendly attitude. Been a really a good night, for us. But
these things  happens all the time with apprentice whores ..  Have to show her
how to do her best! The customers complained, one of you get it in the neck ...
You understand fag ... Whore?'

"But don't worry, she'll get into it in no time.... Won't ya you cute little
bitch ya!?' Andy inquired of their new whore, gripping her sore left tit ...
like a fleshy handle.

Standing there in the large room, the naked couple could only cringe, and try to
cover their privates with their hands as the group of dressed individuals made
ready their tools. The couple tried to cleared their thoughts. They had to find
a way out of this .. dreading their punishment ordeal to come ....

What more could happen to them? They feared the worst with their downcast
eyes??. They could not believe what had gone soo wrong on their little evenings
kinky  adventure.

"O.K. I think you, now realize, that I OWN you both." Brian announced running a
dirty paw over her bruised right tit ...  Any problems on that score and of
course, firstly EVERYONE you know, knows about your kinky little night. We'll
send um pictures. Maybe they 'll receive a copy of the nice videos you both
made. You ya little whore, will be arrested and hauled into court on charges of
prostitution Mary. And you, fag, living on immoral earnings of a prostitute,
haughty naughty.

Serious charges, but then there is the child pornography as most of the
children, you two serviced tonight, were all under aged. I can tell you, you'll
be on jail a long time on that and worse!"

"However, we don't want to use a big sledgehammer to crack some little peanuts
like you'se. Or in your case Frank, these puny little nuts .. ha ha!"

"We understand each other? OK .. So lets get on with the rest of the tonight's
business ... Correcting for the transgressions ... Tyrone here runs our 
corrections department, boy's a natural too, so let's do it .. OK .... "

"Now you TWO haven't been too bad, but it is important for all first timers
especially, to appreciate that we not playing around. So we'll do the Bitch, 
first. Fag you can watch for now. Whyn't ya sit that cute little ass of yours
over here on this nice straight back chair beside the tool box."

In horror her eyes opened wide. She hesitated, her felt her stomach churn. She
wanted to just stand there, clutching her pubic region, rooted to the spot. But
soon she felt the strong grip of Andy's and Claud's hands, on both her arms.
They dragged her over to and sat her down on the cold metal chair.

She began to struggle, but they made a game of it. Playfully they pulled her
bruised nude body over the chair. She glanced up to her husband for help, but he
just stood there uselessly.

Within a minute, she found her soft white ass sitting on the cold solidly metal
of the chair. The police officer produced his official handcuffs, and joined her
hands easily under the chair seat. The cold steel of the cuffs pinched her
wrists and restricted any movements adding to her growing horror. She closed her
thighs tight in a futile attempt to protect at least her sore aching sex from
further abuse ...

The men then passed thin scratchy ropes, first above and then below her sore
aching tits, thus binding her torso firmly upright onto the chair's back. Each
of her ankles were now lifted and attached to one of the back chair legs. Now
her cuffed arms were bound to the bottom support of the chair.  Her body was now
wide open just like part of the chair. Her naked treasurers open, exposed and
defenseless to her captors .... for punishment.

 she wondered ..

 "Get over here!" Bob demanded of the cowering naked husband, crooking his index
finger.

Self consciously Frank looked up, and reluctantly started over to the indicated
place beside Bob. All the while keeping a tight grip on his family jewels...

Bob scattered several papers on the table before Frank.

"Now these here papers need your signature ..... We like to keep things all
legal like. Look um over all you like ... but ... Just for a bit of fun, Tyrone
here is going to play with the whore's bits till you 've signed every last one."
Bob informed the naked man. "I know you are a banker and likes to peruse
contracts forever, so take all the time you want ..... hahaha .... Tyrone likes
his work .. Likes it fine .. and he likes to have a while to work up .. "

Their must have been a pile of 20 documents on the table, before him.

Frank looked up at Bob.

"AAAAAAA1"

When Mary screamed Frank twisted toward her and started to go to her aid. A big
black hand restrained him saying,

"Pay attention Frank .. these papers are to pass all you possessions over to me.
Oh and plus there are I.O.U.'s for the $25,000 you owe to the local bookies. You
naughty boy and they want their money .. you know!"

"AAA Please Fran .. mak um ... AAAA!" Mary pleaded.

Frank's attention was again drawn to the chairs screaming occupant.

But Bob droned on,

" ... Quite neat really, we done set up an account, for you, over the past four 
years. Why, hey would you look at this account page .... you were $500 ahead
last year, you see. But here you got unlucky see? Particularly this last month
here for $10,000 on .. well you can see it right here in black and white. You
are familiar with ledger pages. Ah well! You still have your good job, and then
their is your former wife's earnings.... '

"AHHHHH," the officer interjected ....

"Oh yea I forgot. Can't count on that any more ... Her earnings being illegal
and all. But we'll keep her as collateral .. we'll keep her here, 'working'. You
don't need her hole anymore. Now do you?"

"Please stop .. Maake him stop .. I'll sign! I'll sign anything you want." said
Frank hopping he would be able to get out of these contracts later. He would do
anything to save his wife and himself from any further pain.

"Good boy .... Real sensible .. be a shame for Tyrone, here though. He won't
have much play time with her will he fag ..."

Madly Frank grabbed up the pen and began signing the first paper. He heard a
blood curdling scream from his wife.  He dropped the pen and tried to struggle
over to her aid ... Bob and Andy, easily restrained him.

Tyrone had released the sore right breast, he had been twisting before, and was
now squeezing the little pink nipple. He pulled it outward .. hard .. and then
began to twist. The pain grew for Mary. She felt sick in the back of her throat,
partly from the pain and partly because looking down she saw he was also
holding, a 6" long, thick knitting needle. 

Sneering at the struggling Frank, Tyrone waved the needle in front of her tear
clouded eyes. Then still smiling at frantic husband, he plunged the needle deep
into the straining soft right tit meat.

'AHHHHHHAAAAAAAA!!'

The blood curdling scream echoed throughout the room.

Instinctively the naked husband tried to leap to the protection of his wife, but
still the men held him back.

"Now look 'it here fagget. The only way to really help her is to sign these
quickly. The more you play around here the more time old Tyrone over there gets
to use his nice little toys ... on her .. "

Frank turned to the table and frantically sought out the pen and started again
to sign the damn papers ....  

"AAAAAHHHSAHASH please Fr..."

Again ... another scream erupted in the room. Again he stopped but this time he
quickly went back to signing the papers ...

This time a needle had squired the left mammary deep in the soft white meat!

She tried to thrashed about in her bonds to evade it, but she could do nothing.

Tyrone smiled and manipulated the needle deep inside her wounded mammary. Yes
sir he was happy in his work.

Desperate, she tried pleading with him ...

"Look.... AHH.... Please.... PLEASE.. I'll do ANYTHING you want .."

"Beg me .. um .. to let you fuck my dog," Tyrone demanded looking in her eyes
laughing, "He is a nice hairy mutt with a long spotted dick .. you'll love!"

This was too much she twisted in her plight but did not answer. Then her head
fell forward ..

"Never mind, you 'll be doing it .. soon." he said, as he lifted her by her chin
observing her sobbing eyes.

She had frozen. But seconds later another sharp pain in her right tit this time
brought her back to reality.

There was no way she switch the pain off from in her mind.

"AHAHAHAAAAAA' she screamed ... again.

Tyrone continued 'playing' with her until her frantic husband had signed about
half of all the forms on the table...

But now she closed her eyes tight, and sought to pass out.

Then she heard the scratching noise of a match being struck. She looked down
through her tear strained eyes as the flaming match was waived in front of her
eyes. She reared her head back, to protect her face, but her eyes continued to
followed the bright yellow flame until it passed beneath her throbbing breasts.

Seconds later there was burning agony under her left tit as the smiling black
held the burning match under her tit. She screamed long and hard!

"AAAAAPAPAPLLDDL"

Tyrone threw the short match away, so he would not burn his fingers.

Then their was the scratching again and again the pain of the burning match was
repeated under the other tit.

Her nostrils perceived the sickening smell of her own flesh, roasting ... She
couldn't take it anymore. Her head slumped forward, coughing. She was going to
be sick ... she pissed all over the chair.

"O.K. that enough!" said Bob "He's such a good boy... Fagget here signed all of
um."

He patted Frank on his sweat soaked head like one would a small child.

"Now since you are all comfy there Bitch we'll do this now ... Try and hold real
still so we don't have to do it over .... again."

Claud approached her face, with what she saw as a needle with a long cable
attached to the end of it.

Andy easily pulled her hair back and Claud stood between her spread open legs.
Tyrone grabbed both sides of her head, immobilized it ..

Someone grabbed her hair, and pulled it back and down and secured it somehow ...
leaving her only able to stair straight up at dirty ceiling. Tyrone grabbed her
jaw and forced it open .. wide and inserted a dental spreader to keep her jaw
open. Then a clamp captured and twisted her upper lip up. Her inner lip was now
exposed to anything they wanted to do to it's soft red surface.

Then she heard a buzzing sound, and a stinging pain commenced in the smooth pink
flesh normally under her upper lip .... She couldn't close up or move so she
commenced making animal sounds.

A happy Claud went on working on her inner lip.

"AWWAH..... Aanaugle...." Mary tried to object .. tried to struggle...

"Don't move about soo bitch. You'll spoil it and I'll 'll have to do it all over
again! And this time I'll do toyr lower lip too. .." a concentrating Claud
informed her ..

Although it hurt, the pain was a fraction of what she had earlier experienced,
but it was all concentrated in her upper lip. No matter how she struggled they
were going to do whatever they wanted so she finally just sat there and endured
... After about 25 minutes of work, Claud smiled, stepped back and withdrew the
implement from her upper lip.

"Lovely ain't it... Bob .... Bob ... Look over here"

Bob came over and looked at her sore inner lip. Everyone released her head and
she tried to relieve the kink in her neck and forget the pain in her mouth.

"Best you've done yet ....' Bob remarked ... slapping him on his large back and
then he called out, 

"Get a mirror .. she's a female. She 'll wants to see her new beauty mark." he
called out.

Andy handed him a mirror, which he held below and in front of her teary eyes.

She looked down into the mirror, Her face contorted in horror, seeing on the
inside of her upper lip, in letters about the same size as this print

                              'CUNT #8'

in black ink, tattooed, permanently, on her... She was marked .... just like
some animal in a field.

"Now I ask ya ... Nice idn't it? What do you think? If you keep your your mouth
closed around some thick cock, as a man mouth fucks ya or deep throat the lads
most 'll never ever see it ...  but YOU .. and me .. we will always know it is
there Won't we dearie... Get that camera over here... Bet your students 'll be
thrilled to see teachers new beauty mark.. Won't they... Now hold real still
bitch."

Frank had watched in shock as these beasts had marked his wife, but then he felt
real fear as Tyrone announced looking his way,

"No good in her having all the fun. Come on over here, it's your turn now
Frankie fag."

Through her tear filled eyes, and in utter abandonment she sees her naked 
husband, her male protector! Trying to make good his own escape, by bolting for
the door.

But, of course, he was easily caught up and held by Tyrone and Monk, and when he
persisted in his struggles to escape, a short sharp punch in his soft white
belly, by Andy, took all the flight right out of him.

A smiling Andy took over from Tyrone as a subdued Frank was firmly secured to a
another firm cold metal chair beside his weeping wife. When he was secured Andy
stood there looming over him. In case another punch was required.

For a few minutes Tyrone stood at his small table looking over his tools of
persuasion. Finally in the sight of Frank's wide open eyes, he proceeded to
inventory available implements.

"Lookie here fag we got's Sandpaper, Battery Charger, Canes, Spiked dildo,
Needles, dum be dum dah, ahh yes. For fags there is all ways the good old
reliable soldering iron. Yes, that I think will do nicely for ya." Tyrone said
to no one in particular.

He stuck the corded end into an outlet and waited as it heated up. It took a
long time and everyone smelled the tip heating up. When the end was a red
glowing point, a smiling Tyrone held the burning end close to Frank's wide open
left eye. The heat and glow of the metal got through to him. He tried to turn
his head away in an attempt to escape the smoldering thing coming to rest in his
delicate tearing eye.

No one stopped his 'escape'. Moments later though, he felt like a knife had
stabbed into his chest as the black hand touched the glowing tip of the
electrical thing to his left nipple.

'AAAAAAA'

Frank cried out just like his wife had earlier. He tried to shift his torso away
from the insistent pain. Sweat began to pour off his fevered brow. He had all
ways been terrified of pain. But this was beyond his ability to comprehend.

Playfully Tyrone shifted his right hand and brought the glowing end of the thing 
to Frank's other defenseless nipple ...

"AAAAA ...PLEASE STOP.... I'LL DO ANYTHING.... PLEASE", Dave pleaded

"It's not what you will do, It's what you WON'T DO! You will never, try to fuck
this slut's cunt or any other cunt, ever again will you now?" whispered Tyrone
withdrawing the burning tip and again holding it before his tearing right eye
...

"No .. NO!", muttered Dave. "Never .... I promise ..... Please no more.... I'll
never ... She's yours .. I won .. "

The disgusted wife, heard her beaten, husband's repudiation of her. After what
she had endured for he .... Well she knew he never could endure pain ...

"Well, now if we believe ya .. that's settled. Idn't it? Then we have just a few 
more little things to attend to." The black boy whispered as with that said, he
ground the glowing iron tip into the side of the little helmet of the former
husbands limp cock.

Frank threw back his sweating head, frantically tried to closed his legs, and
screamed his lungs out ... Then he slumped forward totally out of it. Tyrone
kept working as the men secured firm holds on each of his knees. They pried them
wide open and while holding um open for the boy to work, they slapped Frank
awake. His captured hands tried to sooth his red blistering organ, but failed.
The men just knelt there holding Frank's hands up, and legs open, while Tyrone
knelt down now with a small tube of ... ?green stuff? ... in his hand.

He applied the .. ?green stuff? ... liberally to the red blistered cock head and
then the hairy right thigh. Both were allowed to dry for a few minutes or so,
and then after another liberal coating of the ?stuff? to the dry surfaces, he
forced the two surfaces together and smiled over at her. After a while they all
just let go and rose up. The blistering cock head and the hairy thigh stayed
joined together.

Frank was now released from the chair. He slumped forward to the floor and
curled up into the fetal position on the floor. He was gently rolling around in
agony trying to get hold of his wounded cock with his hands.

She could not make out what had happening, but knew it was something bad.

"O.K." said Tyrone after getting up. The men secured firm holds on each of his
arms, and helped him to stand up. They too stood beside the suffering naked man
supporting him.

The young black man walked over and showed the tube to the woman, It was .. the
label said, SUPERGLUE!

"The old fag here, won't be bothering ya no more. If he can get a hard on now,
he'll just have to suffer .. Boy will he suffer .. I've stuck his nasty little
thing to his thigh. Like that he won't be a bother ta no one. Nope... No bother
't all.." Tyrone laughed as he admired his handy work, sticking to her husband'
right leg.

Their was a knock at the door while it was answered, the naked couple was left
alone in their individual miseries ... in the chairs.

The word "Taxi!" was announced.

"Time for the fag to go on home." said Bob, as he started to untie a limp Mary
from her chair.

Her tits were agonizingly sore, her cunt and ass had been rubbed raw and felt oh
so sore also. She felt sick to her stomach. Then she heard Bob order,

"Their's just the little matter of paying for the driver's tip. Seems the
payment was confiscated ... Oh well there is still personal services isn't
there?"

She just couldn't do anything else. Pleading with her eyes she looked up at him
but heard..

"No, No ... don't you worry, not you, you disgusting whore .. Mike here likes um
more .. well .. boys. Don't ya you big black bastard...? Ya!"

"Get down on your knees, fag," ordered Bob "Your driver is waiting ... for his
tip to be paid."

And with the help of the men, a pitifully submissive Frank was helped up onto
his knees.

He started to protest... "But .....but.... I .. we th.."

"What's that .. Oh yea I forgot to tell you. That their black bastard before was
only the dispatcher. Now .. This here is the DRIVER..." Bob informed the humbled
naked slave husband ...

She looked on in disgust as the balding, fat, black, taxi driver took his smelly
uncircumcised prick from his dirty pants, and approached her naked husbands
defenseless quivering lips ...

It was unbelievable! She was a teacher, a wife, an upstanding member of the
community, sitting here naked and watch her own husband service a black MAN'S
FILTHY COCK!! for a cab ride.

Why 8 hours ago they were a happy normal couple, and now her naked husband was
here, with tears running down his face, his cock stuck to his thigh, vigorously
sucking a smirking black taxi driver cock.

FLASH ..... FLASH .....FLASH...

Nothing mattered to the subdued husband now. Getting out of here alive. Getting
home was all important. Despite the awful smell, the presence of the spectators,
and the humiliation of his wife's eyes, he sucked the black cock like he had in
his school days. He tried his best, to get it's filthy seed in his mouth before
more was required of him .... and he knew he'd swallow this time no quwstion!

"Would ya look at you wimp of a man suck that dick. He can't tell us he hasn't
done this before. Experience! .. That's what that is... EXPERIENCE!" smirked Bob
..

There was another FLASH.

"Great pose .. and another nice pic for his boss. Does he like um fag?" inquired
Claud. 

"O.K. O.K. Enough of this mouth loving you fag .. You two can commune with that
dick on the way home ... Now be a good fag! Beg this Black Bastard to fuck you
up your shitty white ass hole." ordered Brian. "And mind ya be polite!! Else he
might just leave ya in the middle of the road somewhere .. "

POP

The cock was forcibly withdrawn from Frank's ovaled sucking lips ..

Seemingly reluctantly he closed his gaping mouth and lowered his eyes to the
floor ...

Bob whispered into her ear while groping her throbbing right breast, that she
should laugh, Laugh loudly and long. or else there could be a few more needles
or matches in the future of her aching mammarys before the night was over ....

"Please fuck my ass." Frank mumbled in a low voice trying to switch off his
mind.

"SIR", Bob demanded .. "and louder .. they can't hear you over in the back of 
the room .. LOUDER."

"Please fuck my ass .. sir.." he managed.

Then he heard everyone in the room, even his wife, laughing at his words...

He could not hold back. He began to weep again, bitterly ..

She felt really sorry for him, but the threat of more needles convinced her
there was nothing she could do to help him so she laughed with the men ...

"Better .. but well you didn't PRESENT him with your hole lad. Now let's try it
again .. With you presenting him your ass hole, and LOUDER!" demanded a smiling
Bob..

Frank turned around, bend over on the floor... and stuck up his soft white ass,
gapped open his ass cheeks to the black dicks penetration, and cried out in a
voice cracking out with sobs,

"PLEASE FUCK MY ASS SIR!"

"Now ... now ... we believe ya. Now hold it open .. wide open .. for the man's
dick ... fag ... He wants .. We all wants to see if he really wants to fuck your
disgusting white ass hole ... He is somewhat choosie in these things .. I know.
He is a good customer and some of the other white faggets he won't even fuck
with your dick."

Frank all ready reaching around, holding open his ass cheeks for all to see, now
further had to endure the blacks driver and everyone else, who cared to look's,
inspection. The spectacle of it seemed to amuse all of the spectators .. He
could only waiting there, bent over, humiliated. Waiting to see if his ass hole
was fuckable enough, in the driver's eyes. He waited for the bastard approval
and to the amusement of all present.

After running a finger down the smelly crack .. and manually groping the
dangling shriveled balls, Mike must have approved. Saying nothing to Frank, but
he felt the fucker kneel behind his gapping ass crack. Without a word, he
quickly drove his stiff organ into the defenseless waiting hole. No preparation
.. nothing .. the driver drove in to his dangling black balls ....

"OOOOOO!"  screamed her husband as he threw back his head and sought escape by
falling down. The taxi driver though, experienced in these matters, drove right
on into him right down to the floor.

For her the whole scene seemed like it was in slow motion. Like a horror scene
in the movie she watched every gory detail. Maybe that was what it was, a movie,
but in her fatigue, the dirty room swam, before her eyes.

"YES,   YES!! you white mother fucker you're mine now...", she heard the taxi
driver yelling as he fell forward onto her exhausted husband's back, and
continued pumping.

When he was satisfied, and thoroughly drained, Mike rose up and grabbed Frank's
sweaty hair. He manhandled the unresisting man on to his knees...

"I likes the way you fuck back .. But we done established, you done it a'fore
Couple of hundred more times and you'll get it right whitie ... be able to fuck
with the best fag whores around." Mike spat at the humbled crying banker
kneeling there.

"O.K. Mike you've had your fum. Now take the fag along .. straight home. His
home .. Not yours... I'll send someone around to cheek." said Bob. "You 'll be
hearing from us .... tomorrow .. We'll keep the bitch sort of like a deposit ..
or collateral. Fuck up! Fag and the next time the deposit'll be your balls and
dick .."

"Some clothes, PLEASE" she started to begged but then it fell on her like a ton
of bricks. She wasn't going .. She was .. they were keeping her!!!

'Naa ... A whore don't need clothes. Just have to tear um off, ya for your
'entertaining' soon. Show the merchandise! Show it to all um ... Now you fagget
.. you go on. Or else you will get another dose. We got bigger dicks to open
your ass up .. Remember that other guy .. how he cried when we sat him down over
that fire plug? Remember how he cried when we slid h.. "

The taxi driver led his naked lover through the door, and into the public
street. At the car door he left the cowering nude clutching his sex. While he
went around and opened his own door. It was now maybe 2 a.m. and the road should
be deserted but some of the lingering scavengers were still there. They all 
snickered at the Frank's attempt to cover his privates. They rushed to the car,
to get a closer look. The snickering driver kept the door locked, before his
passenger. He allowed the boys a few minutes to get the full picture.

It seemed like hours standing there NUDE IN THE PUBLIC STREET.. to the humpled
banker. He didn't even think of Mary, his wife, left there with the others.

The lads began to call their friends and fondle the naked mans ass.

Finally Mike opened a door, and ordered

"Inside."

But it was the front seat door?

"NAA not back there .. Come op up here in the front .. with me you and my dick
gonna get better acquainted ... Yea gonna get to be grand old friends .."

Frank reluctantly made to get inm when he heard,

"Don't be thinking bout setting that nasty ass on my nice clean seat. Kneel on
the floor whore and show me that love's my .. nice black dick." Mike ordered.

When he was kneeling there, he twisted the sweat soaked head so Frank's mouth
was at the right angel for his dick.

"Now we all comfortable?? Give it one slurp for yea."

'Slueppp'

The crowd around the vehicle gave out with a loud roar and stood around
watching.

"OK OK It's getting late! He got to work tomorrow. Shut the damn door fuckers"
Mike demanded.

SLAM!

And the unmarked cab drove off into the darkness.
...............................................



Frank lay there gagging at the horrible taste of his own shit on the dirty
shaft. A couple of slaps to the back of his head convinced him to get about the
task of sucking the now familiar dick. He had done it before in school, back at
the restaurant, .. now this dick in his mouth again was not .. humiliating .. It
was .. familiar.

Frank's mind wandered as he gently sucked. At every stop the driver checked on
his cock-sucker and assured the man was not sleeping.

The taxi after a long trip finally stopped..

"Home!" announced the driver.

Gripping Frank's hair up, he further announced, "I know's you and my dick will
meet again ... sweetie ...many,  many, times. I like's your style, and those
cock sucking LIPS! YEA!" 

The naked man cringed, hoping none of his neighbors heard that comment. He
looked around and quietly scampered out the car. He was running when his feet
hit the floor. He tried to keep low to the safety of his house's door.

"HOOOOOOOONNNNNKKKKK!" the driver gave his a loud send off with the car's horn.

He did not stop running but he did not have to get their spare key from the
flower pot. Their front door was not locked! In fact it had been left wide open
... After he got inside he slammed the door. The relief was enormous, then he
saw the door's locks were all gone. They had been ripped out leaving only holes
where they had been.

 he thought .. but they had his wife ..

The house which had looked so welcoming at first, he found had been vandalized
... Everywhere he saw wrecked furniture and their precious things were gone.

He rushed upstairs, to their bedroom, maybe he could get some clothes. 

On their formally white bedroom walls, with can of black spray paint, someone
had applied a message, to each wall, announcing,

                'WE'RE FUCKING THE WHORE! NOW!'

In the bedroom he found that the mattress had been slashed, and all of their
clothes, and the even the bed clothes were gone. All their other ornaments and
expensive things were either missing or smashed to pieces.

While he was standing there in their former bedroom naked trying to comprehend
this destruction of his home he heard.

RING, RING...

The phone began to ring incessantly. 

He hesitated answered it. But finally he did. He heard the familiar voice on the
other end announcing, 

"WE ARE WATCHING YOU FAGGET! Get the fuck out o' there ... you queer. You place
is DOWNSTAIRS! You'll sleep on the kitchen floor, by the door. The whores'
sleeping with us. I don't want you dirtying up that room. Oh and you do your
business outside in the neighbors yard or else. I may want to sell that place or
rent it out to some nice young couple. And don't you dare touch the blinds. They
are to stay open as I can see if anyone messes with MY PROPERTY! Oh and be
friendly to every visitors we send ya.. Real friendly! Lots of um like mouth
action just like you gives."

Click

As he looked at the disconnected phone. His defeated eyes caught sight, in the
cracked remains of Mary's vanity mirror, a miserable naked man. He looked like
hell. His dick was so sore, and his ass hole was throbbing from the black's
recent dicking of it ... He began to feel real sorry for himself.

Their was nothing else to do. Wearily he descended the stairs made his way into
their kitchen.

The back door's lock was missing too. Only a hole remained where it had been.
Every cupboard was open and empty. All the draws had been ripped out, emptied on
the floor, and the contents, either taken or discarded broken.

It was too much. He had to think of something, but he was soo disheartened. He
slumped down to the cold tile floor, curled up and tried to sleep. Maybe in the
morning with a good night's rest he could think of something.

But through the long cold night, he just lay there shivering. Sleeping was not
easy, as he jumped at every noise.

As morning broke over the remaining portion of their formally happy home, Frank
still naked, curled into a tight ball, shivering form the cold was dozing.  The
trashed bedroom, the lack of locks weighed heavily on his mind. Their formally
snug little home was now a bear drafty prison.

Frank remained nude, as he could find nothing of his to cover himself. His now
blistered penis was still firmly stuck with the super glue, to the top of his
hairy thigh. He longed to go to the usually comforting arms of his wife, but
they had her. Besides they had ordered him to not even look at her now.

And then too, she had seemed to like his ordeal. She had gotten turned on by it
.. She had helped by whipping his ass. She had even laughed as the black cab
driver fucked his ass hole.

Just thinking of their ordeal, his tortured penis started to stiffen.

Suddenly the little organ tore at the glued hairs and skin. His whole crotch
seemed to catch fire. Just the thought of their night would all ways be painful
to him. He turned over and tried to think of something else.

After many hours of shivering misery there on the floor, he had managed to
snatched barely 10 minutes sleep.  During the night as his mind kept replaying
over and over the horrifying events of the couple's previous night out.

He was a banker .. He knew options .. Now he was trying to think of his options. 

Could he report the events of his ordeal last night to the police, and maybe get
away free? Or would they just laugh at him. The pictures that the gang had
showed him and his wife performing despicable acts that they would rather die
than have exposed in open court. Then too their was the child ab...

He had to keep the blackmail secret. Both he and Mary would have to go along
with Bob's demands for .. ? How long would they be required to? .. If he or they
ran away, would Bob's gang be able to find them? They did have a police man in
the gang. Then too they would exact a terrible revenge when the gang caught up
with him or them.

Despite all the pain from various sessions, and the violation of various parts
of his body, the evenings torture had instilled a new kind of lust. A dick
swelling as bad as he ever had ... He couldn't help it.

 Frank wondered as his lust again rose to a fevered
pitch and his rising again tore at his crotch skin.

Shivering from the biting cold Frank in desperation to find something to take
his mind off last night's events starting to rummage through the dirty clothes
hamper. He had found and put on some of Mary's dirty clothes, a sheer purple
night gown, red nylon panties and a silk like multi colored robe. Some what
covered, he began to feel somewhat better. He sat down at his kitchen chair and
tried to think of something other than his humiliation and the sex. It pained
him too much.

How had they been soo foolish... How did this happen to them? What should they
do now?? Would Bob and h....

"Crash!"

The kitchen door, was flung open and crashed against the wall breaking a
decorative pain of glass in the door.

The crash woke a dozing Frank, from his shallow sleep on the kitchen table. 

His befuddled mind soon established that kitchen door was now wide opening,
letting in the freezing cold morning air. A flood of blinding light, from the
wide open portal, caused him to turn toward the light. He tried to shade his
squinting eyes with his hands.

Frank could barely make out the shape of two male figures standing in the
doorway. 

They were strangers!  He was nude... No it was worse! He was in the scratch
outfit he had made up from Mary's discarded dirty clothes.

Quickly he sought to cover himself with his crossed arms, now embarrassed at the
female attire he had put on in the night.

He tried to rise up from the table, but one of the male figures stepped over to
him and pushed him back down. The man held a metal baseball bat in his other
hand. He stuck the bat into Frank's chest.

"Aw lookie here ! Little Frankie boy is shy ... Don't worry little fag.  Don't
even bother covering up or getting up for us ...  We're here to take ya .. ya
little slut ya, to a nice brothel?? We heard that you like collecting whores
moneys outside the door for them, and maybe service a few dicks your nasty self
eh?"

Frank was unprepared for this. He desperately wanted more time .. to think  ..
to plan... maybe he could even discuss his plans thoroughly with Mary! But now
their was no time, the choice was made for them.

The taller of the two men, aged about 25, 6ft tall, with short blond hair was
well built. He walked past the cowering, befuddled Frank into the hall and
opened the door looking for something.

"Picked clean!" He muttered when he returned to the kitchen.

"OK Frankie you're going to be sick today. Call your office. Here we'll even let
you use your old cell phone."

His own cell phone was held out to him.

The two men were standing over him, talking down to a humiliated husband dressed
in his wife's cast off things.

"In case you ain't figured it out yet FAG, we 're your 'local' masters." 
announced the shorter man,

"To put it quite simply, so your little fag mind 'll understand, From now on,
you do everything we say.. no arguments, no questions .. We say it .. You do
it!"

'You UNDERSTAND NOW FAG???''

"Yes", gulped Frank still choking on the words ..

"That's 'Yes SIR!' FAG!" demanded the short man with a poke of the bat to
Frank's belly.

"Yes SIR" Frank said, feeling more and more scared and defeated.

"Good, well, your wife is going to work today, but I think you are going to be
staying right here at home. You're gonna keep us company. Maybe you're sick of
banking but you 'll be here working for us.", the short man stated flatly.

"But I have important mee..." Frank's voice trailed off as he tried to explain.
He was stopped, by the blond man lifting him up off, the kitchen chair, by his
hair.

The two men, manhandled Frank over to the kitchen stove. They held him, face
down over the stove's cooking surface, with his legs spread wide.

They bound his legs to the kitchen table's legs behind him. Then forced him 
face first down onto the burners.

This left the ludicrously dressed Frank, standing there spread wide open.
Looking down at the cooking fixture, he stayed very still. He was trying to
protect his crotch with both hands and very afraid of what they had planned to
do with the stove. He tried to do nothing to further antagonize these two.

"WE DO NOT LIKE BEING ARGUED WITH FAG, AND SO LET THIS BE A LESSON ON WHAT TO BE
EXPECTED  IN FUTURE IF WE DETECT SUCH RUDENESS.. EVER AGAIN.."

With that there was a sickening blow, across his lower back, by the baseball
bat. Not hard but painful.

'OOOO' he groaned.

Then another and another.

Soon Frank was slumped down, face on the stove dormant burner in pain ... Great
Pain!. The blond man walked round to his side of the stove . Lifted his face up
by his hair and delivered three, hard, slaps to Frank's red face.

The blood poured from his nose and a cut occurred above the left eye. He wish
for unconsciousness, but then gurgled a scream! As he felt the shorter man
forcing the cold metal baseball bat up into his formally violated anus.

"I think you want to phone in sick now, don't you?" asked the blond man.

"Yes.. " Frank gasped.

The bat was giggled and another question put to the crying husband.

"Are you sure your 'sick enough?' Or should we .. "

The baseball bat was pushed a further 2" in spreading his anus wide open.

"Yes WHAT??"

"OOOO UM Yes Sir." he managed. "I'm si .. sick .. I'll call in and .." Frank now
begged.

"Good then we have all day to get acquainted. Maybe do a little cooking .. OK?"

Frank now used the phone to informed his bosses voice mail that he was 'sick
today'.







A naked sore bruised Mary watched, as her miserable, naked, disgusting, excuse
for a husband was lead out of the room by the black cab driver, and Tyrone. He
had his ride home. He had sat outside the door, and sold her naked ass to get
his ride. As usual he was out of it .. going HOME! But this time he was Alone!
She had never known this depth of despair. Up to this very moment she had hopped
for a reprieve .. at least she had, had him to share this horrible ordeal with.
Now he was gone.

They had been soo stupid ..

Now she was here naked in a dirty room full of disgusting clothed black men and
boys. Her crotch, breasts, ass, and ... everything HURT. At the start of the
evening she had wanted maybe some kinky sex but this! This was too much and now
she was ...

ALONE!

With great apprehension she sat there quietly .. in the horrible little metal
chair as smiling Bob, the bastard, approached her. All night this man, more than
any of the others, had been the source of great pain and humiliation (and over
the top orgasms) to her and her 'fag' husband.

"Well pretty bitch, we gonna go downstairs to the cellar. As you is a teacher,
we gonna have ya give instructions to some of our little onws." Bob informed the
resigned bitch .. Mary.

Again she began to fell relieved. The 'little ones' had all ways been magic to
her. She was gonna 'give instruction to children'. She had all ways loved
children. What harm could come from that. She had gone through years of training
to do that!

As Andy approached her she cringed and sought to shrink away, but she was still
attached to the chair. He held out and clipped on a leash to her the collar
still locked to her neck.

 she hopped. 

The leash was tugged. After she was released from the chair, she could only get
up and follow, the leash. As she staggered away she clutched her exposed sex
with both hands to maintain modesty. By strategic placement of her elbows, she
also managed to hide her precious nipples.

ZAAAZZZ

SPLATT

"UUU'

She cried as her ass received the leather strap's contacted. Her all ready sore
ass burned again.

Both of her hands sought to cover her now blazing ass cheeks, leaving her
precious perceived modesty way behind.

"We done told ya, not to cover the merchandise. Bitch! Whores like you don't
need no covering. They expose all they stuff! Soliciting 'business! Does ya
understand that now?" Bob demanded.

Wearily she dropped her hands to her sides and did not try again to cover her
sex parts to anyone here .. now. All her life she had been taught to cover up ..
her nasty bits', but now .. here .. she was to show it all .. to everyone ..
Tyrone was just returning through the door as she was about to exit.

Smiling at her nudity, he stood in her way, and casually unzipped his fly. When
he fished out his flaccid wet black dick, he did not say anything to her. He
just stood in her way.

ZIPPPP
 SPLATTT

Again that leather belt cut into her sore ass.


"What did I tell you to do when you saw a potential customer with or without his
cock out. Bitch!" Bob demanded.

Soo much had happened .. She tried to THINK of the many times she had been
forced to perform with various dicks, this hellish evening but she ..

ZIPPPP

SPLATT

"You just go on there thinking. I know you teachers like to think bout things.
We got all night. Whipping your ass makes time fly for .. me!"

"AA AHA." She cried out and then it came to her.

The effects of soft leather strap across her delicate left ass cheek,
'painfully' forced her to remember.

She sank to her knees before the man who had recently been sticking knitting
needles in both of her aching tits. Fearing more applications of the leather on
her ass cheeks, she acquiesced ...

"Please sir may I suck your wonder cock. .. Sir!" Mary spat out under duress.

It was then that she perceived, Claud, with his ever present video camera, had
been recording all this on video tape.

She shoul.. what did that matter now. Edited properly, the new tape would show
the naked teacher kneeling, of her volition before, and begging young black man
to suck his cock. And then when granted permission, performing the disgusting
act for all to see and she had even looked at the camera's lens before getting
it in her mouth.

She knew what she had to do .. She had done this before, tonight, (how many
times she couldn't remember) only this time, it seemed she was doing it
routinely. Like an experienced whore would.

This time as she knelt there, she looked at the 'nasty' black organ. Her mind
wondered what it would taste like.

As her lips closed over the dick's angry purplish black head, she heard, Bob
chiding her,

"Come on .. come on ... get to work .. Like it is the most wonderful thing
you've ever .. tasted .. get some enthusiasm .. Or should I take my belt to ya?"

As she tried to decide what the taste in her mouth was ..

ZAPPP

SLAPPP

"uuuuhh!" she grunted, around the black thing in her mouth.

She remembered, seeing her disgusting husband sucking that taxi driver's cock.
To lessen her own pain, she went about imitating what she remembered from his
performance. She was disgusted with having to do this and she had to fight down
the bile rising up in the back of her throat. All the while the black dick
seemed to be leaking some nasty tasting fluid onto her tongue.

ZAPPP

SPLATT

"UUUhhh!" she grunted.

"Get a move on bitch. You got children waiting, and this dick will be served
first even if I got's to tear up you'r ass."

Bob's voice related from somewhere above and behind her.

She quickly began to bob her head, like she had seen her fag of a husband do
before.

Her actions were rewarded by a stiffening of the now leaking organ in her mouth.

 her mind concluded.

ZAPPP

SPLATT

"UUUhhh!" she grunted again. She knew she had to hurry to save her aching ass
flesh.

She hollowed her cheeks and applied the most suction her lungs could muster.
Then she tried tickling under the things head .. with her precious tongue. At
this time she realized she would do anything to stop the beating of her oh so
sore ass. Now she wished, she had learned to suck cocks earlier in her life.

Disgusting as she had been, now that it mattered she wished she had been a
better 'COCKSUCKER'. Anything to save her ass flesh. 

ZAPPP

SPLATT

"UUUhhh!" she grunted and involuntarily her head twitched forward.

The dick head shot forward, and she could not turn quickly enough. It lodged in
her esophageal opening .. Her air way was cut off .. but she felt Tyrone's two
big hands close over her sweating head.

He began to frantically ram more and more of himself into her air way.

She tried to struggle free. Twisting her head like one possessed!

Suddenly she felt a spurt! .. then another spurt of something on her frantically
pushing tongue. The dick head seemed to have swell up, filling her whole mouth.
Suddenly her oral cavity was awash in **cum**? And the deflating dick head was
withdrawing. Tyrone seemed to lose interest in her mouth as a fuck toy.

ZAPPP

SPLATT

"UUUhhh!" she gargled, trying to get the putrid stuff out of her mouth.

"Bitches swallow!" informed her of her disgusting duty.

She gathered all she could of the slimy tasting stuff and reluctantly added it
to the rest .. in her belly.

The shriveled black organ now slipped totally out of her oral cavity, over her
puckered lips and seemed to hover before her right eye.

ZAPPP

SPLATT

"AAAAAA!" she cried out open mouthed.

"My nice enthusiastic bitches clean up the dicks they dirty, after they do the
nasty with my customers." Bob's disembodied voice informed her.

So as to avoid further abuse of her ass, Mary stuck out her tongue and
frantically commenced to lapping up the remnants of 'the nasty'. Drawing it into
her mouth, from over her former torturer shriveling cock.

When she was done and could see no more mess and feel no more with her tongue
she looked up into the smiling face and uttered ..

"Thank you sir!" before she got another swipe from her leather inspiration.

Like he was petting a bitch dog Tyrone stroked her sweat matted hair, and said,

"Good bitch .. Next time remember your place! Now whyn't ya kiss my balls and
thank um for your feeding."

She could only look down relieved. She was soo elated that their would be no
further pain for her aching ass! Her right hand held the spit soaked dick up out
of the way, and she crawled closer, to plant a big wet kiss on the black plumb
like balls hanging before her face. In the process, her nose was covered with
sticky smelly kinky black pubic hair. To her the putrid male smells were 
horrible but she had learned .. She smiled like it was roses.
.
 she
wondered.

The tape would show a happy bitch laving her customers balls. 

"Thank you for the wonderful tasting CUM!"  she said to the now moist things she
had been kissing.

She shakily stood up and was again demeaned to have to humbly follow Andy as he
again began to drag her out of the room by the leash.

But now, this time, she kept her hands behind her back so as not to obstruct the
view or her naked body, (Show off the merchandise) eyes fastened on the floor
before her. But with every passing pair of legs she looked up slightly at all
the crotches. She found her mind speculating on the length, thickness and in
general, the shape of the penis that the passing crotches held.

 

When they passed by the black girl, Desdemona, her mind remembered the nasty
hairy pussy there and it's smells and .. flavors.

 she wondered as she
walked down a flight of stairs to the basement.

There, Andy produced a key and unlocked the massive steel door.

The door reluctantly open, creaking with disuse and it's own weight.

They were immediately hit with the dank cold of a musty cellar atmosphere, and
the coarse jumble of crying babies which seemed to be incessant.

Over the din Andy ordered,

"Your job is to shut them up. It shouldn't be hard for a whore like you to
satisfy them .. with love. MOUTH LOVE. You just lick the little cunts till they
coo and go to sleep."

The crying was incessant.

"Take that one .. over there that one. Pick her up."

He indicated a particularly loud baby girl laying naked in a dirty bassinet.

"Now start licking her nasty little snatch .. Get on with it or do I ha..." Andy
started, unbuckling his belt..

Fearing further needles, or the strap, the terrified teacher grabbed up the
crying baby, held it up and lowered her face to the tiny pink sex. She extended
her tongue and started to lap the outside lips.

Immediately the crying lessened.

She moved her face back and, like turning on a switch, the incessant crying
started again .. LOUDER if that was possible.

Seeing Andy's right hand rear back, 

She put the baby back to her lips and commenced to licking it's sex for all she
was worth.

The crying of that baby slowed.

"Don't piss about your ignorant bitch, tongue inside that snatch or.." Andy
demanded.

She forced her tongue between the tiny lips and laved the miniscule love button.
The baby got right into it. Immediately stopped crying and started to cooing and
then shivered and ...

"Good bitch .. I know's ya be a good teacher ... Now you just keep all these
brats quiet or else.." he informed the disgusted woman, but she had no choice.
she had to do it.

She became like a new mother. It seemed like ever few minutes one of more of the
babies needed her tongues attention.

The night was one of a thousand catnaps followed by incessant licking of a
thousands tiny baby girl's sexs.

By morning she was a walking zombie! Her tongue was ready to fall off and must
have been worn down from all the friction. Her mouth tasted only of baby piss.

Andy returned and ordered the naked teacher,

"Stop all that disgusting lezzie stuff with those babies and come with me!"

After the night of satisfying them, Mary wanted nothing more to do with the
horrid little bitches and their tiny clits.

She was taken to a large communal shower and allowed to clean up. Their was
even, hot water, and a small sliver of soap. It felt soo good she wanted to
spend the rest of her life in the cleansing fluid, but after an all too short
time Andy demanded,

"All right, do that nasty cunt again, and be sure to get it clean inside. Boys
say you're one juicy bitch .. and when you fuck ya stink. Now come on out of
there. You have to get to work. You have a respectable day job don't ya. Come on
and follow me."

Again she was lead through the 'nursery', dripping wet. No one seemed to care.
Another young naked woman with a haggard look was there in Mary's former place
.. She now was frantically licking one of the unhappy little girl's tiny pussy.

In passing Mary thought this other naked woman was the one whose picture got
them to come to the meeting. She wonde..

After getting through the massive door, Mary was again lead by the leash, like
some animal. In her current exhausted state she could care less where Andy lead
her.

Mary went up the stairs. She was fresh washed and looked almost radiant. Her
hair was stringy and wet, but clean of all the cum from last night's fucking
sessions. The swelling of her lip was down hiding the 'CUNT #8' tattoo on the
inner side.

Bob smiled at the sight of her and while fondling her still sore right tit,
complemented her,

"Such a pretty WHORE! Nice soft tits .. Too bad I can't send ya like this to
class. Bet all those little bastards would love to have their teacher, their
real teacher .. like this here. But the rest of the old prude teachers, would be
jealous ... Here put this shit on and be quick about it .."

He threw her a bag contain, CLOTHES! the clothes she was allowed for the day.

Inside was one of her own dark skirts, a thin red garter belt, (So small it cut
into her tender white lower belly flesh!) black fish net stockings, a pair of
lacy purple crotch-less panties and a light blue blouse.

When she looked up at him, showing her reluctance to go to her job, dressed in
only these meager clothes Bob informed her,

"Whores got to keep the works open and available for any trade when it comes
along."

Seeing it was hopeless, Mary struggled into the degrading attire under the three
pairs of male eyes, and 6the video camera.

Their was also a matching jacket and work bag. Inside the bag was a few condoms,
a large black dildo with wart like projections all over it and what she was
informed was a but plug.

"Tyrone, here will give you a lift in your old car. The fag is sick at home
today..." Bob informed her.

After she was dressed in the slutty things, she began to feel more confident.
She was then given a pair of 5 inch heels. (She never wore heels to work, but
today she had to!) By leaning against the wall she managed to get the heels on.

When Tyrone lead her out to the car through the restaurant's filthy kitchen to
the back door by the still attached leash, every step was a moment of terror.
She had all she could do to balance as she tried to walk normally. 

She let out a gasp just outside the door, when Tyrone reached down and lifter
the hem of the skirt, up to her neck, exposing her crotch-less panties and all,
to the assembled crowd of young dirty boys.

"Ain't it a winner?" he asked the crowd.

A rush of noise went up. They were all very pleased at the sight. They laughed
and shouted and  .. Well they were happy.

Mary was mortified at being exposed in broad daylight, on a public street, but
knew she could not stop Tyrone displaying of the 'merchandise'.

"Keep it under your chin .. Advertising .. And shake that ass for the customers.
Got's to drum up business.. You being yhe new whore in the string and all."

She complied, having to walk to Frank's Porsche, for her ride to school, showing
her merchandise to the customers. The young couple she had seen walking their
dog last night was here. The man gawking the woman disgusted with her.

When they got to the car Tyrone made her bend down exposing her crack through
the panties opening to all the assembled boys.

"Now keep that hem like that while we drive. It smells soo bad, it needs airing
out. You is one HOT bitch ain't ya. We off bitch."

All the way to the school Tyrone, fingered her crack, and informed her,

"You be one real juicy whore. We have to keep ya open for business .. 'See the
way we keep her?'" he asked no one in particular. "Too bad the fag can't see you
this morning. You'se had that just fucked look dressing. Be a wasted on him
though! But baby we had the tim..."

'See bitch even the fags likes your merchandise .. Too bad he fucked up and
can't use it any more .. Well we'll let him watch you working .. He done real
good last night collecting the fee for your ass .. ah ha ha .."

"Oh and lookie here," Tyrone related to her as, his index finger dipped down and
squired her sore ass hole. "This hole, which he was never man enough for, is for
rent to the highest bidder .. He was a such a fool .. to let it .. "

Mary struggled to get her skirt down and present a descent appearance, when they
approached the school grounds.

"Quit that shit! Don't you dare sit on that skirt... Keep it up around your
waist. Whore's gotta show off those nice new open panties. Who knows might find
some trade here in the neighborhood... Lot of horny old farts about..."

Not wanting further trouble, Mary kept her skirt bunched up around her waist..

She tried to sink down in the seat ... and looked around nervously, hoping no
one would see her open crotch-less panties..

"Do you give your kids homework?" Tyrone demanded

"No." said Mary surprised at his seemingly polite question.

"Well, we're giving you some schoolwork to do. Open up that purse. See that
paper there? That's a list. Today during the day, you'll do all the things
listed .. on that paper."

With growing horror a thoroughly exposed Mary read her school work list.

On the white paper in fancy printing she read..

1.	When you get to the school, you will make out with the driver, a long,
passionate and convincing session before you leave the car. Friendly and
enthusiastic session.  He gets to satisfy himself the 'merchandise' is open and
available for use. You just behave yourself and cum if you can.

2.	At lunchtime you will lure the poor old maintenance man, Luke, into the
boiler room. There you will whore, and fuck his brains out. Fuck him really
good. Do anything he wants ... Poor man needs a little pussy, you be his pussy.
Be sure you gives him a real good time. When he is satisfied, only then you go
back and finish your day in your little class room.

3.	After school is over, before you leave your room, you are to remove your
skirt, take off those fancy panties and sit on your desk, open and available.
Then aired out you can put on your skirt but leave the panties on your chair you
won't be needing them again and they will make a nice souvenir for some one who
finds them.

4.	Next you are to take this young lads, this Dupree you wanted to fuck,
over to the sports building. There you are to fuck his little wewe for him. All
you whores know how to make these young boys first time soo good. Not like the
fumblings of some nice decent girl.  Do the little fucker in the male changing
room. Who knows you might even stir up some more trade there in the room, if any
of the other lads is around. ... Don't be shy.... Charge un each $1 or so. These
young fuckers don't have much cash right now. But don't you worry, we'll put the
money toward your tonight's quota ..."

"Do understand your instructions, WHORE?" Tyrone's voice broke into her reading
of the white paper.

"Yes'" Mary whispered. Her eyes blurring as she looked over the list again.

The task list was horrible but she had no choice. She couldn't do these things..

She hated Luke, the weaslie little maintenance man. He was ... always making
lewd suggestions to her and the other teachers ... She had thought he was a
danger in a school. Now she had to surrender her precious body to the pervert...
Leaving her panties was nerve wracking, who would find then? What would the
other teachers think about her if they found her doing this bastard??

Then their was .. this having sex with her student, this was .... obscene ...
and .. even criminal .. It was too much for her. She would not .. She could n ..



It was hopelessly, she was trapped, and she didn't even know what they were
doing to her husband Frank ... And did she care??

She was trapped. They were both trapped! All because of that damn magazine he
had brought home.

A few minutes later they stopped in front of the school. There in full view of
the arriving mothers and there children, the black boy, Tyrone reached across
the seat and dragged a stiff Mary over to himself.. He kissed her and then
whispered into her ear...

"Now recite all the nasty things you are going to do, today, for us."

She stumbled and stammered through what she remembered of the list as the black
hand played with her flowing cunt. Whenever she faltered, he pinched her clit,
HARD! When he was satisfied with her memory of the list Tyrone demanded, "Give
us another big kiss, bitch, and this time put a lot more feeling.. Like the
whore you are... Any reluctance could be VERY painful to you tonight and Frankie
boy right NOW!"

With no hope of any reprieve she complied..

For what seemed like hours she let his tongue played with hers in his mouth.

Through her eyes were closed, she knew everyone passing by was watching her and
this stranger.. making out on the front seat of Frank's car... in broad daylight
... in front of her school..

But then to her horror, she felt his hand coming up between her legs again. She
tried to close them to protect herself but she heard.

"UN UH NO! WHORES OPEN UM FOR THE VIEWING ...' he whispered.

Sobbing she could only complied. Moments later she felt his fingers entering
between her split panties and two fingers then rimmed her vagina. She knew full
well that this obscene act was being played out in front of an audience of her
students and maybe their parents as they passed by the car on their way to
school.

"My, you are one juicy bitch!" he whispered as he withdrew his fingers and wiped
them under her nose. "All the customers last night said it. Ya see's it!"

She could see the nasty moisture on his finger, and then she smelled her own
juices! She hated it. This stranger, this black boy, knew her for the hot bitch
she was now. Smiling in his knowledge he next slid his right hand up under her
blouse and began to maul her naked free tits.

Mary was soo turned on now ... she just couldn't help herself .. it felt soo
good, but then she panicked when she heard mutterings from outside the car.

The black man stopped his tit manipulation of her, suddenly, pulled back his
hand, from her creamy tit flesh, reached over, and opening the car's passanger 
door for her.

As he ejected her ass form the vehicle, he called out for the benefit of all...

"See you later you juicy cunted bitch. You were one great fuck last night! Don't
forget to look over, the list of your instruction. Follow them implicitly. You
sweet little fuck bunny, You."

As she was forced to exit the front seat, she tried pulling down her skirt to
become decent, Tyrone reached under and groped her soft ass flesh, and then
tried probe her open uncovered holes. This forced her totally outside the car,
before her skirt had fallen from up around her waist.

In a panic she tore at the hem, to pull it down, with out too much of a show ..
and began to totter off holding her skirt down, and trying to keep her balance.

Then with down cast eyes, so as to not make eye contact with anyone, Mary rushed
away from the car. She rushed past, the disgusted whispers of the mothers, who
knew that the black man was not her husband. Her fellow teachers were all ready
inside the school, but she knew, they would hear about her soon. 

As she made her way across the playground, she knew that some members of staff
had seen the spectacle of her arrival. She needed some time to think! She went
straight to her classroom, closed and locked the door. While sitting at her desk
shaking she began sobbing uncontrollably ..

After a wile of sitting there, weeping, she managed, with shaking hands, to
again opened the purse. She looked over the disgusting contents, but curiously 
found a business sized white envelope. She took it out. Curiosity caused her,
although she had 'guessed' the contents, to open it. Half a dozen large color
pictures from last night were inside. All showing her, naked. In some she was
fucking multiple partners, a few more showed her under the black girl ass. In
all of them, apparently, she appeared happy and enjoying herself. Their was a
note, saying.

"FAIL IN ANY OF YOUR TASKS, AND EVERYONE IN THIS SCHOOL WILL SEE GET COPIES OF
THESE BY TOMORROW.."

She just couldn't take anymore ... It was too much! She put her head down on the
desk and cried, bitterly.. She didn't even have a handkerchief to mop up her 
tears, or blow her nose. So she used the back of her hand, and her jacket sleeve
like some of the young children did.

Frantically she tried to stop crying before her students began arriving. Her
mind began to settle into how she was going to do her required tasks and right 
now, teach her class. She arose from the desk, let her students in to the room,
and began to teach her students.

About halfway through the first hour, though, she heard a noise at the class
room door. When she looked up, she saw the elderly maintenance man, Luke,
through the glass. He was looking in, smiling, and licking his large lips. When
he saw he had her attention, he pointing at her, and then down below his waist.



The bell for the change of class rang. Mary put her book down on the desk, and
shepherded her class out of the room. She did not have the nerve to go to the
staff room, after her lurid arrival this morning.

 she wondered.

Dreading the things she had to do before the end of this day, and she realized
she had to get to it, Now! Or she would chicken out and that would be worse. The
remembrance of the disgusting photographs and the treatment meted out to her and
Frank when they did not perform as ordered caused her to resolve to complete the
requirements, one by one. She knew that there was no way out. She could never
cross the them.



At the end of the hall she spotted Luke, working. Quickly, she left her room,
and rushed over to talk to him. The slight balding figure in his dirty wrinkled
brown overalls was casually mopping the floor. As she approached he looked up
smiling. His eyes seemed to be boring into her body. (He knew all right!)

Reluctantly she tried to politely speak to him...

"Um! Oh Luke, can I have a minute, please." she ventured, as she stood there,
shaking before the obviously delighted maintenance man.

"Yes! What is it .. Mrsss .." he muttered, as he tried to keep up the appearance
of continuing to mop the floor, not really looking up at her face, but he's eyes
never left her flowing tits, and crotch.

"I .. er .. er need to meet with you .... ur ... Say in the boiler room ... at
lunch time. .. OK??' she ventured, knowing that she was not make much sense, but
she hoped .. he would make it easy for her. He all ready knew what she had to do
for him.

"Why's that? Mrsss ... I got's lots of things to do .. on my lunch hour." he
muttered, continuing to work on the floor.

Bastard she thought! They had told him! She knew ... he knew!! But he was going
to be a bastard about it.

"Uh I um .. need to have .. sex with you." she tried to whisper without her
voice cracking ...

"Huh .... You mean you? Mrs. Stuck up! Nose all time in the air .. wants ta ....
do a lowly maintenance man like me? You want me to do you a favor? Why should I?
What's in it for me?"  Luke inquired still acting dumb.

She was horrified at the question. She had naturally assumed that Luke would be
a over-joyed, even honored, by her offering him her body ... How could their be
a problem.

"Please, eh .. you know .... I have to .." she said as her voice trailed off.

"Have to what ..?" he asked seeking to draw out her embarrassment.

"UM I have to .. have sex  .. with you." she finally managed to whisper, after a
lot of stammering, like a little school girl, asking for her first kiss.

"FUCK .... FUCK ...not that hotie toity ... 'have sex' shit .. Fuck .." he
informed the thoroughly embarrassed teacher. "You wanna FUCK ME!"

"All right .. I have to fuck you!" she finally managed to say in a whispered.

"Your speaking soo low, I don't think I heard that right... Be a good cunt and
tell me again ... but this time louder!"

"I have to fuck you", she finally managed to said in her normal voice.

"Louder, and be polite, say please!" he demanded ... "That's my bad ear .. that
side . "

"Please I have to FUCK you", she said loudly. Then she felt the eyes of the all
children passing the pair. Old Mrs. Green the music teacher also passed them
earlier but hopefully she didn't catch the proposition. The students though had
all been near enough, and were now peering at them intently.

"Well maybe I say O.K. As a favor." he said, "I might fit you in .. Let's say ..
in my office, the boiler room, at 12:30 sharp. You be there, oh and so I'm sure
of your good intentions, you come into the room BUCK NAKED, and ready ta fuck. 
You know, I'm doing you a favor, and I don't have much time to fool with a whore
like you. Then, if I like what I see, I might oblige ya, as a favor mind ya ..
Not to you .. to them .. If your not there promptly on time NAKED and ready ..
well you know bad news, travels real fast these days... By telephone in fact ...
to 'friends' of yours and that poor husband .. of yours' .. Well .. you just be
there .. "

Underneath his cool exterior, Luke could hardly keep his composure. His old
black dick was soo hard he would have to go sit in his 'office' with soft
soothing music to calm down. He had wanted this stuck up bitch soo bad .. for
soo long .. and now he was going her .. all to himself .. to fuck. At his
leisure .. on his terms .. He had often fantasized about having her and her
precious cunt laying under him .. stuffed with his stiff .....  This was going
to be soo ... No he had to think of something else or he'd cum in his pants. He
didn't want to waist it. He had to wait.

This was a fine repayment for leaving the school keys with Bob for a night.

So he steals some old computers. What did it matter to him? Yes sir! Some fine
pussy as repayment for the use of his keys .. fine indeed ...

"Now get your worthless cunt away from me. I got's work to do.. and whores like
you disgust me." Luke spat at her.

With down cast eyes Mary left her impromptu to meeting with the janitor, feeling
soo cheep. Even makin .. no fucking this little disgusting school's janitor 
would be normal to her now.



At noon, shaking soo bad she could hardly walk, Mary descended the stairs to the
basement. She was on her way to be the pleasure toy of the disgusting dirty
school janitor.

As she descended the stairs her mind wondered,  She had just cleaned up as best she could with the ruff paper towels
from the dispenser above the sink, in the ladies bathroom, but she was a mess
again .. and did not know what else she could do.

Thankfully the boiler room was way in the back of the building's basement. It
was not on any of the well traveled halls, but people did sometimes use it as a
shortcut between the two wings of the school.

Discovery here terrified her! If anyone saw her here .. But she had to carry out
her tasks from that damn list ... or suffer ..

As she did not have another class, till 2. As she stood there she lost her
concentration. She stood there and overcome with lust, and almost forgot her
task.

She thought back to this morning. All morning long she had screamed at her
students. Something she would never do normally.

All too quickly the lunch bell had rung. When the students were in the lunch
room, she had carefully made her way down into the basement and now finally she
found herself before the solid boiler room door.

The corridor was dimly lit.

Thinking back to her conversation she remembered he had demanded she come into
the room naked and ready. It was soo demeaning but she had to do it.

She looked around the empty, dimly lit corridor, for some place where she could
hide her clothes ..

She could find none!

She had a sickening feeling that her clothes were going to be found, while she
was in the dirty room with Luke. But there was no way out of it, and the time
was going by.

Shrugging her shoulders, she decided to get it over with, as soon as possible.

She stripped off her clothes quickly, rolled them in a tight roll, and placing
them on the floor against the wall. Then as the nude bitch slut she had become,
Mary, opened the door and entered the dark room.

The boiler room was quite small, noisy, dark, and very dirty. She felt so small
and defenseless nude ...  in this room at her school. The filthy floor made her
naked feet black. Most of the room was taken up with boiler equipment, but she
could see there was a small wooden table with a phone on it and a chair.

"Where are your manners? Don't you whores know to knock before ya come into a
mans room to fuck?" said an angrily Luke from his comfortable position seated on
the rooms only chair.

"Get your nasty ass out of my room and nock properly ... before I might let you
come in here and please me. Remember I'm doing you a big favor.. here just
letting you do me whore. And put your shoes on. I like my bitches standing
tall."

The horrified naked teacher didn't even try to argue. She went back out the door
to complied with the disgusting man's demands. Outside the door she stood there
NAKED looking about nervously, to assure herself that no one was there watching
her humiliation. She could not believe she was here .. doing this, .... if
anyone found her here, like this ... she would be ..



She had no time for that. She fumbled with her shoes and had to lean against the
cold metal door to get them on. Then she knocked .. softly on the door ... no
answer .. again she knocked but this time louder .. again no answer .. She was
soo scared ... she thought she someone must have heard .. again she knocked but
this time loudly.

Then to her great relief, she then heard,

"Come on in and be quick about it." 

Luke was having his problems too .. He was struggling to control his rock hard
dick, but he was enjoying every minute. (Even though he had jerked off earlier
this morning to make it harder for the stuck up bitch, his dick was again
threatening to cum in his work pants.) He couldn't believe his luck. The
beautiful naked bitch .. was here .. and she was really NAKED like he had
demanded. And he knew she had to obey him. He could hardly believe his good
fortune .... Good old Bob ... This was ..

Hesitantly again the beautiful naked teacher entered his dirty little room.

Her big beautiful tits were bobbing like they were alive, as she walked across
the room toward him in her high heels. Their oh so nice soft white skin seemed
to gleam in the darkened room  ..

Exercising his last bit of self control, he remained seated there, at his desk.
He was fighting his dicks tendency to shoot off, as she made her way over to him
.. When she was in front of him looking all nice and clean and vulnerable, he
just had to reached out and feel the smooth white flesh tit flesh ...

  Luke thought. 

The maintenance man had very dirty greasy hands. Irregardless, He started to paw
the helpless teachers creamy tit flesh.

They looked so lovely, not too big, but oh so soft not too firm. He felt he had
a hand full of soft warm cream. He could not help himself. Ha squeezed them and
them moved on to massaged the stiffening pink nipples.

Despite herself, the shear depravity of it all caused her nipples to harden. As
she looked down, she saw his filthy hands were making her tits filthy with black
oily dirt.

"Please, I have to go .. lets get on with it." she pleaded.

"You whores .. all strictly business eh ... OK OK Whynt ya lay down here over
the table, face down! I don't wanna see your face. I just want your Ass. Good
now pick up the phone, and hit the redial button. You're going to give that fag
husband of your's a description of everything. They'll put him on the line to
hear your doings. You tell that fag everything your doing .. and how good it is,
and how much better my dick is then his ever was ..  You're gona do the whore
bit .. good .. you know .. lots of moaning.. and stuff .. or you're gonna be one
real sorry whore ... you got it? The man mentioned something about needles and
matches .. Said you'd know."

Laying naked over to the filthy table she could only complied with his demands.

Holding the receiver to her ear she hit redial. It rang once and ..

"Hello!" she heard a man's voice.

"um Hel.." she started.

"Hold the line .. Fag it's for you. Hold the receiver to your ear and listen to
what your wife whore is up to." the male voice demanded.
 
"He.. hello oo" a strained voice replied. It was her husband Frank! And he
sounded in pain.

She felt a painful tug to her pubic hair, so she knew she had to begin ..

"Uh Frank I'm down here in sch .. Um mm .. And Luk .. ke ... is behind me," she
started "and I'm all nak .. he has his fingers in m .. all over my naked as ..
uu and he is massaging my pussy lips .. uuu .. and .. ooh .. it feels .. soo ...
it's soo good .. now he's massaging inside my pussy .. ah ...ahh ...  ahh ...
this feels soo ....is good.. much ....better with his strong.... much better ...
than your." she lied ... convincingly ... or was she lying?  Then she gasped, as
she felt something greasy being poured all over her naked ass. It was oil, and
it ran down into the crack of her ass. She felt it flow all over her ass hole
... and then it went down her perineum to her pussy hole.

Another tug to her pubic hair reminded her to go on,

" Um .. He's ... he's greasing me up .. so good .. and now ...AHH .... AHH 
...he's put uu .. UUU .. he's fuc .. king me. He's soo good .. and he's soo big
.. goe .. soo deep .... oh  ... I love it .... I love it." she screamed .. she
had to stop. She felt the fullness of yet another big cock inside her oh so hot
vagi .. CUBT!

At the other end of the line her husband Frank was totally disgusted. His lovely
wife, his life long partner was in her school .. fucking that horrible little
janator .. and he wasn't going to do a damn thing about it. He knew he had lost
her. Any chance of Mary's return to him, and his little dick was ...

Then a sharp pain down there besides his throbbing ass hole .. let him know his
dick was trying to swell in-spite of it's attachment to his thigh. It was soo
painful!! Then their was the demanding pain of the bat.

Then he felt the bat being forced in and out of his now gaping ass hole ..

"Ahh, Ahh," she continued, panting, "I'M CUMMMINNGGG!" She wasn't faking it? He
knew it .. The slut was getting off and he was ..

Over the dirty table she felt Luke's cum spit into her unprotected womb.

"Ahh .... he's cum in me... It was so .. GREAAT .. " she cried into the phone,
as Luke withdrew his shriveling organ, and came around the table. Smiling he
presented his flaccid reeking dick to her straining face..

'... and now. I have ta go. He going to let me suck and lick his dirty cock
clean for him... uuu .." she observed when she saw Luke presenting her with his
slimy used penis ..

"UMM UMMM AHH AHH .. slurp", she murmured, as she drew the dirty, oily tasting
fleshy column into her sucking mouth. Her own juices and Luke's cum paled in
comparison to the oily flavor.. Luke pulled out oh her mouth and playfully, 
slapped his penis across her face a couple of times to get her attention. Thus
left an oil and semen stains on her cheeks and lips.

When Luke tired of this, and he took the phone. and began, as Mary greedily
sucked the disgusting, sex organ back into her mouth again.

"You disgusting fag! You had this great tight little pussy .. in this whore
here.  MMM. I like um tight like this one. I just HAD her cunt, and maybe I'll
do her again, right now! But you .. The boys tell me, you will never have any of
her holes, ever again. Well next time, to help her out .. I think I'll do her in
the ass .. You never did that did ya? .. Well, be a good fag for the boys and
I'll tell ya about it .." then he banged the receiver down.

At that time a thrust to his innards made Frank's sweating hear jerk up, as the
metal base ball bat was forced deeper into his defenseless expanding ass hole.

"AAAA" he screamed.

Poor distraught Frank was powerless to do anything but lay there, have his ass
grommet expanded by the bats tapered end. After the turn on of listening to his
wife fucking the handy man. Frank wasn't sure if it was the thought of Mary's
fucking or the stimulation of his ass hole that made him soo excited. His dick
was killing him! It tried to stiffen and IT HURT!

Luke would love to have had more time for another go with Mary, but he also
wanted to keep his job. He did not want to be caught here with a naked teacher.

Unknown to Mary he had taken the precaution of closing off the corridor for
maintenance, after she entered, but there was always a risk someone would ignore
the signs, and discover the coupling pair.

Besides he was sure, his good friend, Bob would give him another piece of Mrs.
Mary Swank ass again soon .. real soon if he had anything to say about it.

Hating it, he ordered, the naked ass dripping oil, spread out over his 'desk',

"OK whore. Play times over .. Let go my dick .. Don't worry .. you'll get more
.. next time .. You can go for now. We'll have plenty of time to play .. later.
Now you get you're whoring cunt out of my office, but DO NOT CLEAN your face.
Give the kiddies a nice picture of their whore teacher, understand!"

A subdued Mary could only nodded. Her cunt was again un need. But she had to
leave his room, and get cleaned up for her next class. So she tottered away on
in only her 5 inch heels.

Outside, she found her clothes. The clothes were right where she left um. She
desperately wanted to dress, but she was filthy. In fear of being discovered,
she carefully carried them in front of her to the ladies room. There she got
cleaned up as best as she could. She relived her precious actions as she saw the
well fucked naked whore looking back at her from the mirror over the sink.



As quickly as possible, she dressed. Although now even fully clothed, she felt
naked, dirty, and used. She had let that animal Luke have her and she ... well
it wasn...

She didn't trust herself to have an opinion on how she felt about her actions
the past hour so she tried to forget them. All that was important was she had
done her second task! And she was not found out by anyone who would report her.

She tidied herself up, but left the greasy slimy 'pecker tracks' on her face, as
instructed. In the mirror she could plainly see the 3" semen stripe along her
right cheek, ending at the corner of her mouth. The traces of oil made it stand
out even more.

But she had done it!

Only two tasks more.... Two to go... Could she do them??  She thought as she
wearily made her way back to her classroom in the unfamiliar heels. Suddenly she
was very tired.

The afternoon session was acutely embarrassing for the her, as several of her
students asked,  'Er Mrs. Swank, what's that on your face'.. she just muttered
'nothing' and tried to get on with her teaching.

The nightmare finally drew to an end. But the two other tasks were still
remaining, out hanging over her head.

At the final bell, she looked over her students, and went up to young Jason
Druery's desk. She knew he was very vocal and argumentative whenever she called
on him. So she just ordered him to stay after class.

"AWW but whatever it was, I didn't do it! .. Uh anything... I ..."

The final bell rang, and all of the other students departed. Finally their was
just Jason and herself left in her room. 

She hobbled over to him and tried to begin to explain,

"UM Look Jason, I .. um  need you. Um .. I have something I need help with.
Would you please meet me in the sports building in about 5 minutes. You won't be
sorry... " was all she could manage to think to say to the youngster. She hoped
she didn't scare him too much.

He looked at her surprised and annoyed .. but finally agreed.

When he collected his things and left, the classrooms were now, mostly empty.
The school was also becoming very quiet.

She had to do task number 3 now. She checked to assure no-one was outside her
room in the hall. Satisfied, she quickly reached under her skirt and tore down 
the horrible crotch-less panties ..

As she held the warm smelly things in her hands, she didn't know what was worse,
wearing them .. of going without anything under her skirt.

Though they were dirty with oil, and stained with Luke's cum, she had been
taught only whores went without panties... but now she was ..

She lay the garment on her chair as instructed. She had thought of the excuse,
that, she had changed for a game of tennis in her room and must of forgot them.

Yes .. but that would not explain the oily stains.

As she left the room, clutching her purse to her chest, she met Luke.

"Off to fuck some young meaty cock no doubt .. whore?" he sneered.

As she tried to make her way around him, he reached under her skirt and felt her
bare crotch.

"Oh! All open, all ready for business, I see .. too bad I have things to do so
you'll have to find another cock .. for now.. ", he informed her blushing face
as he turned and went into her class room. "Remember I fitted you in to day as a
favor but in future make an appointment .. in advance. I don't all ways have the
time for cock crazy whores." 

She would have slapped his face .. if she hadn't fucked him and sucked his cock
at lunch today. Suddenly she was soo tired, as she made her way to the old
building to perform the last on her list ..... or was it???



Shuttering from .. ?? .. Mary made her way across the playground to the luming
old building. She felt soo cold and exposed. With out her panties or bra it was
like she was naked even though she had a on a skirt and blouse. Her unfettered
breasts rose and fell with each step, she took over the uneven ground. Her 
tottering on the unfamiliar heels, as she walked across the grass, to try to
finish her last task, exzadurated the giggling of her tits. Looking around she
could see no one, watching her in the open field ... She clutched her purse to
her chest to try to stop her giggling and rushed before she just ran away.

The large old building was situated behind the main school building. It faced a
large now vacant playing field. During the day it were used for gym classes, and
various sporting events in season.

While she walked across the field she went slowly trying to keep her free
breasts under control, but without a bra, they seemed to have a mind of their
own.  At each step, getting closer to the looming building, her mind was working
hard on trying to solve two problems.

How was she ever going to get out of this mess and salvage her former
reparation.. Her career.. She did not want to be a whore... Or did she??

And what was she going to do when she met her student, Jason. Was he old enough
to understand what she had to do to him? Did he know what a wom.., girls? would
wanted from him?  She wondered, but decided he did not... He was too young.. 
They could not have had time to show him. He was all ways soo .. Oh why had she
had picked him from all her students ..

The short figure of blond hared Jason was there on the front steps waiting,
nervously, for her ... When she arrived, he stood up, nervously trying to look
poised at her arrival ...

"Ok so what's going on, Mrs.. Swank?"  he demanded ' I didn't do anything ... I
got things to do .. hope it won't take long. I have to on home and watch some
tv."

She could almost see the smug exterior, holding back the apprehension, in his
eyes .. She was a grown woman, his teacher, an authority figure ... and she had
ordered h .. What had he done? .. What did she want?

She looked around trying to see if someone was watching them. Not really
satisfied she finally said,

"Ohh don't worry, this won't take long." his teacher said, continuing to looking
around carefully as she went up the stairs to unlock the massive doors, with her
own 'teachers' key.

Once she had it opened she turned around and motioned him inside. It was dark in
the building, so she felt about and finally she managed to turn on a light.

A still skeptical Jason, hung back at the door and only followed behind her
reluctantly when she motioned him again, inside.  She looked around and saw
where she was to 'do it'. 'the boy's dressing room' She went over there and
walked right into the boy's changing room.

Jason was shocked! She could get in real trouble for this.. He just stood there
in the anti room, hanging back, unsure of himself.

Inside the large room she found it had old worn wooden floors, and row after row
of low wooden benches, in front of metal lockers.

Mary knew she was being watched. They were here, somewhere .. but she did not
know where .... but they were watching!. She was certain of that ...

Nervously she did not know how to start. Molesting one of her students,
unthinkable only a few days before was .. now .. Could she do it ..

She sat down on a bench. Jason slowly came through the door and over to where
she was seated. He was embarrassed to face her ... in this room, where he and
all the boys .. He could only stand there, shifting from foot to the other and
look nervously .. at his teacher seated on the low bench. He was now towering
over her. The dirt on her cheek, up close looked out of place. Normally she was
so clean and stood over him. But now she was below his eye level.

"There's something ... uh ... I want ..  to  ..  to um show you."  she
stuttered.

 She wondered.

He just stood there looking down at her, puzzled. She realized, she really could
not explain it in words... maybe .... maybe if she showed him .. he would ....  
With those jumbled thoughts in mind, she reached up and started to unbuttoned
her blouse. She was soo nervous, that she fumbled with the buttons. This had
never been a hard task before .. But she persisted, and finally she had them all
open.

Jason could just stand there starring at her open blouse in terror ..

Taking a deep breadth, and not looking at his eyes, she furled the cloth back,
revealing her dirty oil covered naked breasts.

Now Jason was scared but also really curious ... He had not done anything! But
she had kept him after school... Now she was .... well she was. ...  Should he
run away... would she .... But he did not want to go ... but he did not know
what to think .. or do .. but ... He had seen naked ladies, before ..  his ma
and old Mrs. ... across the street when she left her shade open, and he peeked,
... but this was .. like the pictures in the ..  in .. magazines that Tommy
had..  NO it wasn't like the pictures Tommy had, this .... This was mind
boggling. This was real! This was Mrs. Swank! His teacher... MRS. SWANK .. and
she was opening her shirt ... and she had done it for ... for him... and they
looked soo... They were ...

Before he had enough time to react, he saw she was reaching out toward him. She 
began to unbuckled his belt .. He looked down and staring at her hands .. His ma
had ... but that was different... Then she, Mrs. Swank, his teacher, pulled down
his trousers .. all the way down .. to his ... to his knees ... and then she
reached up and pulled down his white cotton underpants.

Now Jason was really scared and confused ... this was his teacher...  and then
his teacher  ... Mrs. Swank .. leaned forward and began to kissed his little
pepe .. WITH HER MOUTH ... And it felt ..

He was really scared... Would she try to bite it?? Would she hurt him?? Should
he try to run awa...

While he was trying to make some sense of this they both heard ...

CRASH ...

The horrified pair saw a group of men descending on them, and one had on a blue
uniform. A police man!

Then into their horrified vision came, a black man, Tyrone, and Luke, the school
handy man, and together with the police man. ...

Jason became now soo scared, he peed right into Mrs. Swank's face, chest and
shirt ... He also began to cry... he hadn'd wanted this. He just wanted to go
home... He wanted to be there safe before his tv ... Would they tell his
mother??

"Just what do you think you are doing here?" the cop demanded of the cowering
pair. "This is a clear cut case of child molestation you nasty old bitch ... add
this to your other crimes, you are going to jail for a long, long time maybe
forever. You're disgusting and degenerate .. He's a young boy... No doubt one of
your own students. Don't bother to deny it. We have it all on video tape."

"Maybe though the boy here .. just maybe, he is an unwilling participant .. Well
were you son?? Or else it off to the jail for you ... too!"

Jason did not know what to do .. Standing there with his pants and under ware
down around his ankles, he could only cry .. What did this towering blue clad
man, the police man mean?? Was he going to go to jail .. Would they tell his
mother ... He could only sob ... and go along with what ever the policeman said.
His mother had all ways told him, 'if he was ever in trouble go to a police man
and do what he says'.

Mary was crying also. She was totally sunk. Her situation, bad before was now
HOPELESS. They had a video of her and little Jason .... She would be ostracized
.. She would go to JAIL as a child molester!! She couldn't deny it.

"You could be in big trouble son .." the policeman shouted at little boy,
"Soliciting a prostitute is a crime. It's off to Jail with you ... unless ...
you do exactly what I say .. You could go to prison for a long time. Your mother
will be soo mad .. Do you want that?? Answer me! Speak up .... Now and quite
that sniveling. Be a man."

Jason began to really ball now. His little shoulders shook with his sobs.

Seeing he had the boy, the officer gave him, Mary's discarded blouse and told
him....

"Stop that sniveling I told ya. Here blow your nose on this nasty thing... Are
ya going to help me and the law? Or do you want jail?"

"Please, Oh Please ..I didn't ... I'll help ...  Please don't tell my mother ...
Please ..." the boy cried.

"Well all right, let's see if you can help the law ... Do you know what happens
to naughty teachers .. Like this one here .. No?.. Well, when they are whores,
like this one, they have to get SPANKED, and we, that is the law, we have to
spank um ... You willing to HELP the law .."

"OH .. Yes .. yes I'll help... I'll..." The young boy cried as he whipped his
face with her blouse.

"Well .. Will you stop that infernal crying .... Stand up straight, straighten
your trousers ... Act like a man .. Now if you are with the law... you must look 
like a citizen .. Now you want to help me? eh? Help the law?"

"Oh yes...  yes please ... let me help..." the boy said with tear reddened eyes,
as he pulled up his trousers and tried to show his eagerness to help!!

"And are you ready to help me, spank this bad teacher, this whore?' he demanded.

The boy couldn't nod his approval, fast enough. He knew he wanted to help ..


"O.K. Now if you are gonna help ... and be a good lad, oh hell son, blow your
nose again ... Now I'll show you how it's done. First we order the bad old
teacher, who is a whore, to strip and bend over the bench. Whores have to be all
naked .. totally naked to be punished .... Now go on order her." the man
instructed the boy.

"Um ... Miss Hi.." Jason began hesitantly.

"No ... no .. No not like that son .. Command the bitch... Order her!" the man
instructed the boy. "Whore get over that bench, NUDE, and be quick about it ...
'like that?' .. ASS UP! and open them legs .. " he went on with his instruction.

The shuttering teacher looked at the assembly of leering male faces, and saw no
escape.  She started to removed her remaining covering.

"No you wait for his orders. You were going to molest him so he will command
you. Stay right there. Well son>" the officer demanded.

"Um whore.. um get over and .. and naked, and ... be quick," Jason stumbled
through the commands.

But Mary eger to get this over with quickly removed her skirt and lay, belly
down over the hard wooden bench.

"Yea, you see that son. That is the way whores, like her, need to be. Usually
they walk around naked all day. Does your ma do that?", the cop asked the amazed
boy.

"Um No sir!" Jason replied his eyes wide at the sight of his naked teachers ass
spread out over the bench as he had ordered her.

The smiling police man informed the boy,

"Well your ma isn't a whore is she?"

"No sir!" he quickly answered.

As he fingered the gleaming white ass flesh before them, the police man went on,

"Now get on with it ... Let's see how you do with your bare hands with this fat
ass .. of hers..."

Marry felt even more humiliated than last night. They were men before but now
she had to complied with her student, little Jason's commands ..  A grown
woman... a wife ... a teacher .. and now she, the bitch, was here, naked at the
order of her young student, about to be spanked by him. .. like some common
filthy street whore.



The little boy stood behind her, where the man in blue indicated, slightly on
her left side.

His little pepe stiffened again at the sight of all this naked female flesh...

 he wondered to himself as he raised his little
hand.

He looked up at the policeman, who motioned for him to get on with it ... So he
hit her, on her left ass, cheek lightly... After all, she was still his teacher
.. and a grown up.

"No .. NO! I thought you were going to help me .. the law .. Do it harder or
I'll think maybe you are her pimp ... and them .. " 

Jason had to obey the Police or he was a .. pi.. something. He raised his little
hand again over his head and hit her as hard as he could.

It did not hurt her really bad, but tears of humiliation began to flow down her
cheeks, and the humiliation added to the fluttering inside her belly.

She was his teacher, but she was over a bench, naked, letting him spank her on
her naked ass, while a group of onlookers watched. As she looked up, she saw
that a smiling blond man filming her punishment ...

After about 6 spanks, the cop stopped the little boy, saying, 

"Son you'll have to do it harder, much harder so the whore will remember ... Now
watch closely, and I'll show you how it should be done!"

The man in blue delivered a very hard over hand slap to Mary's other ass cheek.

Now she screamed, this time from pain the pain ..  Another spank followed and
another, and soon her ass was glowing bright red from the man's hand spanks.   
Tears of pain were streaming down her cheeks, as her ass burned and her legs
kicked out.

 she wondered in horror.

"Now that's the way you have to do it to a whore," He informed the boy "From now
on whatever you, or any of your school friends want, anything from Mrs. Swank,
the whore, here, will do it for you. Any problems you just correct her, and if
she give ya any trouble, on that, you just let me know.  Do you understand me
son??'

Jason shook his small head 'YES'.. 

He was in heaven.. He could punish Mrs. Swank!!

This being on the law's side was all right... Why did his pepe hurt him soo..

"Good boy! Now let me show you how you can really discipline a whore, like this
one, with out hurting your hand. You did hurt your hand didn't ya?"

"Yes sir .." the young lad said .. showing his red palm.

"Take off your belt son." the cop ordered.

He obeyed the man, and held out the thin vinyl belt to the tall figure of
authority in blue.

"NO! NO! You have to learn this. You use it. You have to learn how to punish the
whore here ... You want to help me don't ya ... right?'

Again he sheepishly shook his head 'YES'. He did want to help the nice police
man after all.

"OK now first ya hold it by the tip and let the buckle dangle down ... Now swing
it right across .. and try to do her ass right up here .... right." instructed
the cop. "And be careful not to hit some one else .. Might hurt um."

Swippp

The thin imitation leather belt zipped across her naked ass, crossing her
reddened ass horizontally, dragging the metal buckle with it, in its painful
journey across her soft white flesh....

"AAUA OOO Please..." She cried out in pain.

A string of fire tore across both her ass cheeks. She sought to reach back to
protect her henie. She was sure, they had cut ass cheeks ... in half the pain
was soo great.

"Now lookie here, you can see the results. See how the buckle leaves a nice long
mark right across there?' the policeman quizzed Jason.

He was impressed ... This would be ... great... and it didn't hurt his hands...
and she really 'liked??' it?? The police man told him so.

"OK! Now you give it another try ... But this one lower down, across here ...
She really deserves it ...", the man ordered, placing his right hand firmly on
the small of Mary's back, pinning her, belly down onto the wooden bench.

Trying to impress his instructor Jason complied. Only this time with the thin
belt .. harder... seeking to dodge the flaying teachers hands and legs ...

SWIPPPP

"AAAAAA HAHAHAAAHHHHH"

She was squirm around like she was a mad woman.

"Good lad ... Now you see how it's done..." the man in blue instructed his
little charge..

Mary now lay on her belly, sobbing, with her burning ass.

"Now if that don't work ... some these whores are tough to bring to a respect of
the law ... you just get two of your strongest friends like these guys here. You
have um hold her upright fot this."

Tyrone and Luke hauled the sobbing teacher upright and held her there by her
arms. With her arms down at her sides, the almost comatose woman was forced to
stand upright between her holders.

"This time you got to hold your belt by the buckle ... don't wanna ruin her
worth .... and you do er low down, right across here and be sure to get both the
titties ... Go on give it a try.. " the policeman instructed his little pupil.

"NOOOOOO!!!!", She screamed when she heard the word 'titties' but little Jason
followed his instructions.

Her tits exploded in a fire storm, of red blinding PAIN!! .. She passed out.

"You see how that makes her feel good? That's how we discipline the real tough
cases ... down at the station. .. See how them titties take a nice red line ...
Usually don't have to do this more'n once a day... Really impresses um .."

"Now, while we have her attention.", the man said as he took his night stick and
brought it up to her crotch.

In her unconscious state, she was forced awake, when she felt the unbending
black wooden night stick being press in between her pussy lips.

"Now Watch closely, son. You'll learn a thing or two ... about whores."

He held it up firmly at the entrance of her sex and ordered,

"Work it up and in to the 9" mark you nasty whore ..." he commanded.

Humiliated beyond her wildest dreams, in terrible pain, in front of her young
student and the others, she knew she had no choice ..

The beautiful teacher squatted down onto the nightstick. Inch by inch, she
managed to work the unyielding black thing into her poor defenseless sex, by up
and down and twisting motion with her whole body.

After the required 9" were inside her, she looked up hopping the cop would be
pleased with her obedience. The stiff wooden dowel stretched her insides like
never before.

But saying to his young pupil,

"Now pay attention... son ..."

The man in blue, pulled down his stick, almost totally out side her hole. Then
smiling at his young pupil, he gave a sharp upward push of the black stick
inside her, almost lifting her off the floor by her insides, before withdrawing
the now nasty greasy stick.

"UUUUUMMMM" Mary grunted from the stuffing force of the object.

"Ya see how a true whore, like this one, loves it." the police informed the
boy's wide eyes.

As he with drew the greasy night stick, he went on.

"I know! I know it's disgusting, too, but the whores, the nasty bitches, they
all love it soo!"

She was frozen in the half squatting position, trying to get enough breadth to
scream or ..

She could only stay there, bent over, grunting.

"UuuuUUuuu UUU"

He walked around in front of her and held the disgusting greasy stick to her
wide open lips.

"Clean." was his simple, sharp command. "Or would you like to do it again?"

She looked out of her tear filled eyes at her young student. He was soo happy to
see her 'happy'. She lowered her head and began to lick and suck the wet stick
clean. She didn't even want to think about it in her burning abused crotch
again.

"Oh son.. son ... Look at your self... You see what training the whore's done to
you .. You need servicing from the whore??" the man demanded. "That's all they
are good for."

"Uh well I don't know...", the boy began shyly shifting from one foot to
another.

"SON! .. you know you do. So tell her to 'DO YOU'", the man instructed his
little pupil with his problem. "Command her .. NOW!"

"Um Well...U... Do Me .. WHORE!" the boy finally managed, to the demeaning
smiles of all the onlookers ..

Mary looked up dully, but when a smiling Jason raised his hand with the belt,
she quickly knelt, crawled over to him, undid his trousers and underpants again.
Quickly she lowered them, and began to frantically sucked his little pepe with
all the urgency and suction that she could muster .. Her chest, vagina, back and
every where were so painful, she did what ever they wanted of her to avoid
further discipline.

As it was his first time, Jason's little pepe came quickly in and over her lips.

After swallowing his small thick load, Mary sat back on her heels in a daze,
awaiting further orders .. She felt like her guts were torn out, and so she just
stayed there 'resting'.

"Ya see whores have their uses don't they, son. Now fix up your trousers and
come over here with me." the cop said.

Jason quickly complied. He had helped the law and it was better than he had ever
imagined ..

The cop took a satisfied Jason aside and proceeded to tell him about some other
things the law wished for him to do ... like the drugs the gang wanted him to
sell in the school to all his little friends etc.

Mary could only kneel there, beaten and exhausted. Her clothes were scattered
all over the floor. Her ass and tits were lined in red and ached. Even her cunt
hurt! She just hung her head, resting, hoping it was over. But she knew it
wasn't so she awaited the next order.

Suddenly Luke grabbed her hair and dragged her crawling and scrambling after
him, into the toilet section.

The room stank of stale urine, Luke pushed her in front of the first urinal,
facing him. He then ordered her to kneel up straight ..
.
She complied, all the while her knees getting damp from the urine covering the
floor.

"Now WHORE repeat after me." he demanded.

"PLEASE LUKE! MAY I PLEASE DRINK YOUR NICE WARM PISS."

She knew she had no choice, so she muttered,

"please Luke may I drink your piss"

Luke smiled over to the beaten kneeling teacher. God she looked great, like he
all ways wanted her, on her knees, tits showing openly and at his mercy. NAKED!!
"Open your knees .. wider .. wider.." he demanded ... He advanced upon her, till
both of his feet were in between her knees and his dick was just in front her
tear stained face.

"Now OPEB Your cock sucking mouth. Open up wide."

She complied.

As she knelt there, Mary felt his piss hit her chin. Instinctively she closed
her mouth, but he grabbed her hair and forced her to open up, again. She gagged
and splutter as she felt the burning sensation of the vile yellow burning stuff
going into her mouth.

Then Luke ordered, "Don't just sit there you lazy bitch .. SWALLOW IT!"

She didn't want to but the memory of the stick in her vagina made her take it in
and down her gullet.

Luke continued to sprayed his piss all over her face and hair till he began to
lose pressure.

When the stream dropped down. It went now all over her chest and legs...

When he was finished, she stank as if she had bathed in his disgusting urine.

Now Luke had a massive hard on. He moved a little closer and made her suck the
last few drops of piss off his dicks tip. He had her continue to suck till she
got a further mouth full, but this time it was semen ....

When she was finished, she looked up. It was them she noticed the blond man in
the door way videoing the whole thing ... She was soo tired and sick and hurting
she did not even care...

All that mattered was it was over and she could rest.

They demanded her right shoe. (The other one had fallen off in the locker room.)

Puzzled she kicked it off and handed it to Luke ..

"You stink! But we don't want to ruin your nice new shoes. As I don't want you
smelling up my new car, Whore .. today you are walking home." the blond man
announced. "To make sure ya wait till your dry up, we'll take your clothes, and
leave um across the field. After dark if you can find um you can wear um home
... If not .. Well you'll have to come like you are...  Serves ya right... Doing
that nasty to nice young boy like him!! What a disgusting whore... Oh yea and
our boy Luke here, has turned off the water in here, so you will just have to
wait for you shower till you get home. I'll leave the hose out for ya. Clean up
your nasty self before you even think of come in to my nice clean house .."

Mary couldn't believe it. She looked like shit. She smelled like a urinal. 
Everyone who would see her would know she was a disgusting whore.



Satisfied the gang left the whore by herself in the huge old building.

From the building's window, a cold naked Mary could see her clothes .. out there
.. on the grass. They were not placed too far away from the building.  So close
but still soo far for a nude, and horribly smelling Mary to make an attempt at
retrieval of them .... in day light.. She could only, sink down there, in the
drafty old building and hug her freezing breasts to her knees .... She was cold
and miserable. She could only wait ... in her misery... for the cover of
darkness. She was soo tired .. but her cun.. Her right hand reached down and
stroked her love button and ...

She awoke with a start. She must have dozed off .. Her cunt was soo sticky ..

Looking out the picture window, she saw the sort of semi darkness, of dusk.
Should she .. or ..

The partial cover of twilight over the school's playing fields, encouraged, Mary
to chance it. She arose from the tight little ball she had assumed in the men's
dressing room. Looking out side and seeing no one, she got up her courage.
Cautiously she stole out of the building door, into the vast infinity of
OUTSIDE! A solid 'CLICK' informed her that the door had locked behind her. Her
safe prison was now gone and she was cast into the field like it or no.

Under the vastness of the emerging stars, she felt so small, so cold, and so
very, very naked. To hide her nudity was ingrained in her very womanhood.
Quickly she gather up the few smelly, dirty clothes they had left for her. She
found and retrieved her filthy skirt and reeking blouse. That was all she could
find. The clothes were dirty and she felt like a wreck, even with them on, but
she had nothing else ... Hastily she put on the filthy rags. Their was nothing
else .... they had left her nothing else.

Covered with the smelling rags she realized she had nowhere else to go ..
nowhere else, but home!

Cautiously she made her way back there. It was only a mile or so. Wherever
possible she could she kept to the back streets. Her dirty naked feet hurt as
she had to walk, barefoot. In the darkening gloom she became aware of a thousand
piercing eyes and whispers from groups in every shadow ... as she made her way
toward home.

No one stopped her and no one offered to help.

Eventually she made it! As she arrived there, she was soo elated. She rushed
right up on the porch and finding the door closed, rang the door bell covering
herself as best she could with her hands and arms ..

The blond man, who'd video taped her in the school locker room, answered her
house's door.

"UUU You smelly slut." he spat, "You bath in piss and expect to come into my
clean house? I told ya to wash off at the hose ... Go over there, strip, and
hose your smell whore self down like the pig you are .. And leave those smelly
rags right there, outside. God do you smell!!"

He was right. She was soo embarrassed. She had no choice. She went to the hose,
on her own front lawn. She stripped off the rags, and began to rinse off. right
there, on the front lawn, with the amused man watching. She just hopped that
none of her neighbors saw the disgusting spectacle. Downcast, she felt sick and
cared about nothing. Like a zombie, after hosing off her shivering nude body,
she turned back to the open door.  Anything to get, 'safely' inside. Having
complied with her orders, she slowly crawled on her hands and knees, back to her
own front door.

At least, while she was crawling, and down low, maybe none of her neighbors
would see her degrading performance! Eventually, shivering now, she arrived at
the open vacant door, feeling like a whipped dog. Afraid to go inside unasked,
she tapped the wooden frame, lightly.

The blond man returned to the open portal from inside. Smiling down at her, he
said nothing to her. He unzipped his fly. He just nodded to his open crotch.

Incredible as it would have seemed to the young housewife, who had, had a horror
of oral sex until a few hours ago. The fear of being called a 'cock sucker' now
didn't matter, as she ovaled her lips, and accepted the grinning strangers cock
in her now much used mouth.

Here she was .. now .. naked, kneeling in her own doorway, sucking the cock of a
man, whose name she did not even know. She could only obey, stroke her love bud 
and hope none of her neighbors saw the spectical. She was very nervous,
wondering who might see her? She trembling each time she heard cars drive up or
down the street. She could not understand how this had come about. Then hoots
from a passing car informed her, her worst fear had been realized .. She had
been seen!! .. by at least one car.

 she wondered... but went on with
the demeaning task required of her... 

The blond man eventually became bored with her mouth, and dragged her, by her
hair, into her own comfortable home's living room.

Mary thought that she had seen and been subjected to everything but she was not
prepared for what happened next. She was not allowed to rest. He dragged to the
kitchen where she was greeted by a site which shocked her.

Her husband Frank was there, on his knees, tied down over their small stool. He
had been 'wearing' one of Mary's dresses, but the skirt was up over his naked
hairy back, and a bra was loosely draped over him.

He was grunting, while being fucked in the ass by Claud, and performing fellatio
on the black cab driver from last night, again. All the while the young girl,
Desdemona was whipping him, across his back with a short black leather whip when
ever he sought to slow down, his degrading services..

All around them on the floor were strewn, the many reports from Frank's
bookcase. These reports he had worked soo hard on were now probably useless.

"You took your time getting home, whore. Did you make any money along the way?
Let's have it! Well you home now. You worthless cock sucking bitch," the blond
man announced. "Mr. Johanson (Frank's boss) is coming to collect some stupid
report from these. We are going to show him what Frank does when he is 'off
sick'. All ways good to have the little wo.., whore around when the boss comes
over... Ain't it.. Never can tell what the boss'll need ... a little piece ..
Eh..."

"O.K. girlie? UUU you know, you still smell like something died in that nasty
pussy of yours. Why'nt ya go upstairs and tidy up some ... Then and come on back
down here, all fresh and NAKED .. Might help hubby's little career ..... Bosses
like to see their whore's, bitch ... Desdemona .. you go help her. she might
need a bit of color and stuff."

Mary climbed the familiar stairs wearily. Upstairs she went directly to the
bathroom with the black girl following close behind. There in her own little
world she began to shower. She let her mind wander, there was no way out of
this. She felt hopelessly trapped. The amused black girl watched her shower and
supervised the washing out of her juicy cunt.

When Desdemona thought, the whore was clean, the young girl made Mary stand
still outside the still running shower. Mary had to place both her hands up
behind her head. Desdemona applied a generous amount of something like liquid
soap all over Mary's sore chest, crotch and up inside and outside her crotch
crack. Now she ordered the thoroughly clean woman back in the stall. This time
she ordered the naked woman to come out with another thick lather on her neither
regions.

Downstairs Mary heard the door bell ring. She shuttered when she heard..

"Ah Mr. Johanson, you've come to see Frankie boy ah? For the report? Why sure
you have, please .. please .. come right on in here .." she heard the blond man
say.. "He'll be with ya in a minute .. The black'll get his nut shortly. Frankie
is such a good cock sucker ... um has he .. you .. ??"

"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE..??" she recognized Mr. Johanson's voice
yelling.

She continued to hear loud conversations as she stood there and let the black
girl shave off most of her thick pubic fir to a thin small line.

When Desdemona was satisfied with her shaving, she let Mary dry her naked body
but not her hair. The conversation down stairs went on, but she could not work
out the words. She knew from the tone that it wasn't going good ...

As instructed she peed and was made up by Desdemona, again like before, down to
the lipstick inside her neither lips. When the girl was satisfied, she took Mary 
downstairs ... NUDE .. to meet Frank's boss.

Frank was still nude, tied to their coffee table and Mr. Johanson, a 50 year old
fat business man in a suit, was just sitting there on their couch .. very upset. 
His face was red, and he was sweating profusely, and he was smoking a horrible
smelling cigar. The subdued couple had never allowed those smelly things in
their house before.

As Mr Johanson looked over the naked wife, he informed her,

"I've fired that bastard husband of yours, but after consultation with your ..
um .. friends here .. I am going to give you a chance to get me to change my
mind."

God he thought, 

Though he was married and did not normally want to risk any disease, but now, 
here with a clean little cunt like Mary .. Yes! Tonight was going to be it ..
Nothing was not going to stop him! He was going to enjoy humiliating the lovely
bitch of his, obviously perverted, employee first. From her obviously stiff
bright red nipples he could see she was one horny cunt, and probably really up
for a good fuck... He stood up and dropped his trousers and boxers.

Mary looked down under the repulsive man's fat gut, hanging over but not
completely, covering his small erect penis. With her new found experienced she
knew his idck, wasn't a bad one. She was no longer repulsed, by men's exposed
dicks. Actually now, it was rather a turn on evaluating them. But he didn't just
stand there like the others had. He turned around ..  bent over and spread the
cheeks of his fat wide ass, exposing his ass hole to her now shrinking eyes ...

"Come on ... come on .. You know you want it .. Crawl over here and clean me out
real good." He demanded ..



This was 'new' to her. She had anticipated the nice little penis in her mouth,
but this .. now .. what choice did she have??

As her husband, Frank, watched in horror, as his naked wife dropped to her knees
and began to crawled over to his bosse's huge spread ass cheeks ..

"Um .. If I do this, will you give him back his job?", she asked in an unsteady
little voice..

"Shut up! And I promise you this, if I don't feel that tongue, of yours,
cleaning out my ass hole quickly, I 'll walk right out of here, and he'll be
shit canned for sure, bitch." he demanded. "Now show us what a good little slut
you are and do a good job. Then we'll see... about the nasty little pervert over
there ..."

So Mary crawled over and put her just washed face between the man's spread open 
nasty ass cheeks. The smelt was awful, but she knew she had no choice.

If her husband, Frank lost his job, they would have even more problems, on their
financial front, with the notes Frank had signed ..

Disgusted beyond all limits, she played precious her tongue around the edge of
the smelly puckered ass hole.

It was horrible! But it did not taste quite as bad, as she had thought it might!

"Deeper, deeper!" Mr. Johanson demanded .. when he felt the velvety tongue
swabbing around his hole. Shuttering at this depravity, Mary complied...

Tears of frustration ran down Frank's face, as he watched his lovely wife,
putting her face deep in his bosses ass, for his job. Then he saw her neck
muscles moving, indicating she was sucking at that bastards hairy ass hole in
front of him, a bunch of onlookers, and a running camera.

Whatever happened now, he knew that at best, his wife, Mary would only be a
perverted sex toy for all men. Gone was his precious little wife. She was now a
debauched dirty whore.

Eventually Mr. Johanson had enough of this. He straightened up, and ordered Mary
to go over to and bend over the couples big white sofa. Then in front of her
reeling husband's eyes, his boss kicked her ankles wide open, and proceeded to
fuck Mary's available wide open cunt from behind like she was some disembodied
hole .... an animal bitch available for all.

"UUU! Always .. wanted a piece .. of your ass. You slut!", he taunted poor
Frank. "If I'd of known of the .. UUU .. faggot over there's taste for dicks
earlier ...  I'd have had this ass much sooner."

Mary was beyond caring. Frank's boss began to pound harder and harder into her
open defenseless pussy. It didn't matter. She only cared about saving Frank's
job. Then she felt his boss, tense up, and then just lay there over her back,
swetting. Then their was the wetness in her cunt that told her, Mr Johanson had
cum in her cunt.

 she thought as she lay there, relaxing, defiled ..

He pushed his fat body up off her, walked leisurely around the sofa. There 
standing before her face, he said, the one word command, she had become
accustomed to so many time in the past days,

"CLEAN!"

The broken just fucked bitch obeyed.  She continued to labor over the wet cock
until it was tongue clean.

"Not bad!" said Mr. Moore after, first looking over, and then putting his cock
back in his trousers. "But they told me you were a good whore. Good whores ..
Really good whores, will do anything .. So one last little request and you saved
Frank's job/"

"Anything .. anything." Mary pleaded with her husband's boss.

"This is the tool I use to cut off the tips of my cigars..." he said, holding up
a metal cutting tool before her tired eyes.

He lowered the tool and positioned the thing over top of her precious little
pink left nipple. Then he requested,

"Be a good whore, and beg me to cut off the damn thing .. for Frank's job."

"NOOOO! Oh god no! this is too much!"  she screamed and rolled away covering her
precious little pink nub with both hands.

"Ya see there Frankie, the bitch doesn't really want to save your job. Like all
nasty ass licking sluts, she just wanted a good fucking. I'll see to it that
payroll sends your last check to these fine gentlemen as they tell me you owe it
to them. No need to come in, I'll have someone throw out your personal stuff in
the morning."

Horrified Mary felt soo used. She had sucked this fat bastards ass, let the
repulsive man fuck her, and then she used her mouth on him, and now it was all
for nothing. She was soo disheartened, she sunk to the floor clutching her
breasts, sobbing.

As Mr. Johanson was leaving, she heard someone say, something like,

"Anytime you feel the need, for youself, some of your clients, any thing .. you
just let us know... The old whore or the faggot will please .... guaranteed. 
Nothing's too far out for um!! Never too many. They'll please all comers ....
We'll guarantee their work! They just love their new occupations. And um about
the nipple .. we'll have to negotiate a price for that .. Special price, but
available .. and reasonable .. if you really want it. Here take a copy of the
add for their services. Take more than one .. give um to your .. their friends."

Andy had given him copies, of the proofs, for the advertisements scheduled to
appear in the next issue of the magazine 'COUPLINGS'.

When he gave out those, Frank would never be able, to look at his, former office
friends, ever again.

After Mr Johanson had left the house, the blond man kicked Mary lightly in the
belly and said,

"All right! .. All right. Ya saved the nub for our next customers' use... You're
a good little whore .. you really are .. Now get you ass on upstairs and smarten
yourself up for tonight shift .. Tonight's your big night!" he informed a
defeated Mary as he ran his hands over her shrinking tit flesh.

Feeling a mixture of relief and despondency she did as the blond man ordered,

"When you freshen up, use the things on the bed. Can't have ya getting to your
new job all dirty and smelly ... There's a good whore .. "

As she turned to go up stairs he gave her freshly fucked ass a playful slap.

"Oh and you too fag." turning, he began his instruction of the beaten Frank, as
he was released from his perch over the table,  "Straighten yourself up man, use
the kitchen sink .. Wash out that nasty ass and mouth .. the business parts. No
one wants to use an old dirty whore. Then your things are in the spare room. Go
on there and dress .. but remember ... No looking .. and DEFINITELY! NO TOUCHING
OUR WHORE ..... FAGGOT .."

Mary's mind was broken. She moved about zombie like as she again showered and
put on the clothes left for her by the men. Frank was in a similar state of
mind. He too did as he was ordered mechanically ...

Ten minutes later they were both down back in the living room, Mary dressed in a
white see-through blouse, and short red miniskirt, a full 6" or more above the
knee, with no panties! She kept pulling down her skirt, to try to keep herself
'decent'. But whenever she shifted positions, or straight up, her crotch came
out again. This led to a never ending bouts of pulled down her hem. Her now
sparse, curly black hared pubis stuck out .. any way.

Frank was attired in a black skin tight track suit, actually it was two sizes
too small. His glued dick was clearly outline in the straining material, along
hie right leg.

After the blond man's inspection of the subservient couple, he showed them out
the house.. to another night of sexual debauchery.

Mary wondered what the neighbors might think as she walked up the formally
pleasant garden path? Perhaps they would think that she and Frank was going to
some fancy dress party. She really hoped so, as she endeavored to keep her skirt
down and her cunt fur decently covered....

Their transport was to be provided by a small minivan.

The same black driver got in front. Smiling, he motioned for Frank in the front
by his chair.

He positioned Frank on his knees beside him. Frank's head was forced onto his
lap. The driver settled comfortably in the cramped front seat, and started the
engine. 

Mary, Andy, and the blond man sat in the small back seat.

"Tonight you will be performing on stage. You lucky bitch! You're our new
stripper! You been advertised for the 7,8,9,10,11 o'clock shows. So as you don't
get bored, with your time between sets, you 'll be able to work off your
tensions, in one of the back rooms, serving every swinging dick' got the price, 
sent to you there, WITH A TICKET!! Understand me whore?"

When Mary shook her head 'yes', he went on,

"Following the first 4 shows, only small sexual favors will be allowed. Nice
things like fucking, sucking, and such, Use of condoms is strictly up to the
customer... UNDERSTAND? You just fuck um!"

"But now after the 11 o'clock show, some of the more 'interesting people' will
be visiting you. Not just the usually fuckers .. you lucky whore ... They will
let .. well .... you just do it ... do it all  .. for um .. Then at midnight we
have the Grand Finale, and .... well the GAME.... Well .... I'll leave the rest
of the surprise of that, for then .."

"Frank son, you will be entertaining our gay patrons. No discrimination in our
place, during Mary's show time." he informed a cowering Frank.

Casually he reached up and pinched Frank's facial right cheek to show him, his
helplessness.

Frank knew better than to object. He could do nothing while he was bent over the
black man's crotch servicing him.

Andy went on,

"Then after she shows um her ass .. I want you, faggot. You listening to me? ..
Suck that basty thing quieter .. Your job is to collect the tickets from the
customers fucking the bitch here. And you thank all of um, for fucking your
former wifes ass. Thank um for doing what you'll never, ever, be doing again!
Now their ain't no time to be showering the whore, after her fuckings, for her
next set. So before she foes up on stage .. as we can't have no disgusting
sloppy whore on stage. So after the fuckers are done and before she dresses for
her next set .... you just crawl right in here, in between her legs, and lick
her nasty crack .. clean .. And mind you .. I want the nasty thing all licked up
.... nice and clean ... Lot's of tongue... lay on 'er.... Can't have anyone
complaining about Andy's having sloppy old whores .. Oh and be sure un do the
ass hole too... Nothing worse'n a sloppy whore with cum leaking out the ass hole
.."

The journey to Andy's club took some time. All the while the horror of their
future was crushing in on the formally normal happy young couple .. First with
their instructions and then with the constant molestation of fingers, hands and
dicks.

Mary gave up on her attempt to control her hem. The men, beside her, were
constantly finger fucking her available holes and pinching her now stiff nipples
... She could only sit there on the now wet seat, and 'be a good little whore'.

Finally they arrived. When Mary got out of the car, she did not even try any
more to pull down her skirt... Why should she... It was hopeless ... Besides she
was just a whore! She and everyone else knew it ..

As they walked through the club's doors, she displayed her 'merchandise' to all
the audience, mostly working class, grubby rough men. They commenced to
whistling and jeering. The frightened young couple, as they made their way
through the crowded, smoke filled room, to the changing rooms beside the 'stage'
were lead to know .. this was to be their night.

The pair was soo frightened, that they did not even notice the small red headed
female doing a strip act on the stage mechanically ..

(If they did, they might of recognized her as, Samantha Johns, the woman whose
picture led them to be here. She and her husband too, were prior employees of
Bob and Andy' organization. He had been a stock broker and she a housewife. Now
both of them worked here too.) 

Once 'safely' in the small dirty room back stage, Mary was stripped nude and
made up for her new job. Particular attention was paid to her bodies high points
for this is what she would be showing tonight. The next step was to change into
a cowgirl costume, provided by the house for her first 'act'.

It consisted of a thin black leather G-string soo tight and stiff that it
quickly rode up, painfully, inside her crack. It chafed her when ever she moved,
and did little to hide her pubes sticking out and around it. The skirt was
barley more than a big black leather BELT!!! around her middle. The leather vest
was soo tight her boobs spilled out the sides. Obviously this costume was for a
much smaller wom... no it was probably a child's Mary realized ... in horror ...
The boots were soo high Mary had great difficulty walking. In fact they chafed
her labia as they spilled out from her G-string. And she was expected to dance
around, in them!!

Two black men, entered the room and told ther it was TIME! for her first 'act'.

Inside the dirty room, Frank, her husband protector, could only stand and watch
helplessly, as the men pulled and tugged the costume to their satisfaction. In
general they were actually exploring Mary's formally private treasures to their
hearts content.

Then one young men entered the room with a yellow ticket. Frank was ordered to
his knees, and as she was lead away, he began to suck his first client of the
night.

SPLATTT

A leather belt sunk into his ass and he heard the command,

"FASTER you damn faggot or he'll miss the show. Get him off NOW!"

SPLATTT

Looking back and there was her husband .... The man, whom she had loved soo,
sucking the cock of some slight youth with flaxen hair and a lisp .. while she
herself, was going on, out to the stage to perform a strip tease in front of an
audience of 50 or more drunken slobs.

 she wondered in her excited state.

She was left on the stage, the men went to wait in the wings. They stood there,
with crossed arms menacingly watching her for signs of slacking.

So now she was alone, on the darkened stage, with the curtain down, Mary could
not believe she was here. Shy little Mary who hated nudity before. But now,
here, tonight, she was about to do 'it'. She should ru .. she wanted t ..

Then the ratty old thread bare curtain went up.

The lights! The bright lights, the foot lights, overhead lights, and the spot
lights .. all the lights surrounding her blazed .. and all seemed to be focused
on HER .. Well her body. The crowd .. She heard the crowd roar!

To keep form falling down, she was shaking soo bad, she began to walk around the
stage. The lights were so bright she could not see the audience. That was a
relief, but the continuous ROAR made her aware of them. Suddenly the speakers
spurted out a throbbing beat, and in a gruff voice, from the stages right end,
ordered her .. it was Andy's voice ordering,

"Move that ass bitch .. Get on with it ... Or I'll send um all on up there to
help ya out of them things?"

Mary quickly began to swayed from side to side mechanically ... and began to
unbutton the vest. (She knew that if the customers 'came up and helped her' she
would be fucked to death.) Although she closed her eyes, and tried to put the
presence of all those men out of her mind, she could not cut out the sounds.. of
the crowd and Arthur's threat ..

"Get on with it ya slut!"

"Can't ya dance there girlie .."

"Would ya look at those puny tits. Are ya a boy?"

"Come on whore ... spread up .. let's see that cunt. Open it for us"

"Yea we wanna see inside it..."

Were all called out as the teacher progressed with her 'act'.

Finally a beat red Mary had removed all her costume. She stood there naked with
the G string in her left hand. She waved it above her head, covered her now rock
hard nipples with her right arm. The lights went out cloaking her nakedness in
blackness.

Mary gave a sigh of relief ... Her cunt spasmed. She had done it. She was saf...

Andy grabbed her arm and held her there firmly. The lights came back up and Andy
announced,

"This hot little whore, needs dicking! She will be pleased to service all you
generous guys back stage, in room number 2. Get your yellow tickets at the bar.
No one serviced without a ticket!"

The lights went down again. Again blackness cloaked her as Andy roughly dragged
her back to room #2 by her arm.

On their way, they passed a kneeling Frank, doing a fat drunken lout's balls
with his tongue. .. He looked soo pitiful.... in his tight sweats... as the
drunk spewed over his lips and on his shirt, Andy demanded,

"Hurry that up fag ... Don't want keep the whore's customers waiting.." 

A crack to Frank's head as they passed by made him quickly get up and follow the
pair to the dirty room, without even whipping his lips.

Outside the room, Mary saw, a line of 5 men all ready awaiting her services .. 
Now their was no question... She was a whore ... a working WHORE! A bought and
paid for whore, as each of her johns had his ticket out abd ready.

Finally Frank was sitting there by the door on a short stool positioning his
head at the men's crotch height, to aid her work.

Andy had pushed the naked Mary inside and called out ..

"Have your tickets ready men ... no servicing without a yellow ticket...."

Inside the filthy room was a bare light bulb, and a dirty stained mattress on
the dirty floor. Mary crossed her arms protectively over her bare tits and
hopped for some deliverance .. But at Andy hand motion she knelt up and waited
for him to attach her collar to the rooms chain.

He didn't move, but demanded,

"Don't make me have to come over there! Lock that chain on your collar and be
quick about it!"

Submissively Mary reached down and found the end of the cold chain. She lifter
it up and attached it to her neck collar. The collars clasp closed on the
chain's end with a solid 'click'.

By this physical act, more than any other, Mary signaled her surrender to these
men's control of her body and her all.

Then like she had seem Andy do, to assure himself she was thoroughly captive,
she pulled the chain out, thus demonstrating to her self and him, she was now a
chained bitch ready to work, till he came back to released her.

Smiling at her Andy walked over and petted her sweat soaked hair.

"Good whore!" he said affectionately.

At his touch her cunt spasmed and she sought to rub her cheek against his rough
pant leg. She had cum and was ready to whore for him.

He was satisfied that the whore was there to stay till he returned. He
instructed her further,

"Kneel up .. Like I taught ya yesterday. And I better hear no complaints .. You
hear me? Give um what they want .. no problems. Whatever they want!"

A delighted Mary assumed the degrading position, spreading her legs out, knees
up, to open and show into her pussy crack. With all her bits available, she
crouched there, awaited her first fucker.

Moments later a drunk youth, of about 21, cashed into her. Knocking her back on
the mattress. She resigned herself .. to this brutal youths 'love making'. She
lay there on her back open for him. She readily spread opened her legs to
facilitate him ...

He fumbled at his crotch and moments later he was trying to screw her in the
standard missionary position, fully clothed. His small scrawny dick hardly made
it outside his zipper.

His clothes were ruff on her nude body, but he did not mind, and no one cared
what she felt. She was his whore all paid for. She looked over the drunken kids 
shoulder, as he pounded his limp little pud in and around her open hole. She saw
Frank looking in on her and the drunk, in horror.

To show the bastard she commenced to smiling and moaning.

A dejected Frank took the ticket from the next man dejectedly. Then this time he
got to watch his former wife happily perform fellatio, on this totally gross
stranger, something she had all ways denied him .. He felt soo powerless .. he
could only watch and take the ticket of the next customer ....

All told, Mary took on 7 clients in her first 45 minutes between 'acts'.

Frank was mouth fucked by 5 other men during the roughly the same time period.
Each time he collected a red ticket .. for his mouth action.

Then the black men came back and made the remaining customers waiting for her,
go to back into the bar. Frank was now allowed into the room and made to lick
Mary's sloppy privates clean. After inspecting her crotch she was unhooked from
the rooms chain and allowed to dress. Then attired as a little shepherdess Mary
went on stage again .. 

It was her 8 o'clock act!

Frank had other customers waiting .. So didn't get to watch, he just knelt there
in the hall or bent over the stool and 'worked' the never-ending line of dirty
smelly men who wanted to fuck his ass hole. 

Frank did notice another line of customers, down the hall before another open
door waiting with yellow tickets out and ready for another whore. Through the
constant pounding in his bowels he perceived another naked 'fag' taking the
tickets for the other whore. He could not make out who it was but it was Bob
Johns doing the same job for his wife/whore.

After that the acts the men tended to blur together for Mary. Before she even
realized it, the 11 o'clock show was over. Mary then had the first of her
'interesting customers' .. A 'WOMAN!!' customer.

The woman was a BIG, fat and ugly looking thing, with bad breadth. She grabbed
Mary like the boys had, and tried to french kissing her, while feeling up Mary's
sore boobs. 

A horrified, Mary froze. She just stood there stiff as a board. This woman was
.. she couldn't ..

The woman stopped her actions!! She got really mad, and quickly exited the room
in a great huff... Their were loud voices from down the hall and ..

The blond man rushed into the room. He grabbed the naked Mary's arm. Turned her
around, bent her over, and held her around the waist. Bent over her ass stuck up
making a perfect target. Then using a doubled over thin leather belt, he
delivered five quick vicious over hand strokes to her smooth white ass ..

Right before Frank's startled eyes.

CRACK .... CRACK .... CRACK ... CRACK .... CRACK...

"You .. stupid  .. whore...." Mary heard through the blaze of pain, "Wher .. you
.. service the customers ..... None of that shit .... Now get on with it .. "

He tossed her down sobbing, on the dirty mattress. His 'work done' the man left,
putting back on his belt.. Mary was left with a burning ass sobbing. 

The horrible woman sauntered back in to the room, smirking ..

"Now that we understand one another .. Crawl over here, whore, and lick my shoes
... And don't even think about giving me less than total satisfaction .. MY
total satisfaction! Or I'll have him come back and do your tits .. this time."

She demanded of the beaten Mary.

Frank could only sit on his ridiculous short stool and watch .. His imprisoned
cock tearing at the glue as it attempted to stiffen.

When the woman was satisfied with Mary's subservient display, she slammed the
door and ordered the still sobbing whore, 

"Now take my clothes off .. slowly .. and let me know how your joy at servicing
me and my obviously beautiful body with your disgusting miserable hulk.

Quickly Mary when to the woman and fawned over her every bit of skin as she
uncovered it. It was a slow .. disgusting process .. especially since she had
never done it before, but Mary gave satisfaction .. this time.

Eventually, after satisfying the woman, Mary was again tongue bathed by her fag
husband Frank, and released from the rooms chain to do the special 12 o'clock
show. She was lead on stage still naked as usual.

She now noticed that the audience had changed. There was now only about 20, or
so more middle aged men. They were dressed better than the blue collar crowd
before, and drank mostly scotch or mixed drinks. Beer was not seen. This was a
decidedly jaded middle aged crowd.

The lights were dimmer and Mary could now see her audience's leering faces. This
time she was pushed to the center of the stage. She felt soo sore, tired and
used.... When would it all end??

As she just stood there waiting fore the music to start or something. She had a
surprise. Another naked, female was brought up onto the stage. She was a red
headed woman and looked haggard but familiar. Mary knew her face from some
where.

Moments later a pair of matched whipe were brought up and given to each of the
women. 

Another naked man and a naked Frank was positioned on their knees with their
naked defenseless asses facing the audience.

A drunken Andy staggered up on stage, took up the microphone, announcing,

"Welcome, Ladies and Gentleman, to the Game phase of our evening..."

"For those of you new comers the game is called... 'Save your partner'."

"The rules are simple.. Mary, here get's to try to make Samantha, there
surrender her husband's ass to some of our fags in our special section.

"Good... Now... Or Samantha could get Mary to surrender her faggot husband,
Frank .. here to the boys."

"That fate will only be carried out .. if .. you, Mary, or you Samantha beg us
to.. do it .. Understand .. " He smiled groping Mary's sore defenseless crotch.

"Now for our part, ...we will try, within the hour to get you to ask us to carry
out the fate."

"Now you understand the rules whores?? ..... Good go to .. OH I almost forgot ..
the fags in our special section are all HIV positive, and have full blown AIDS,
but the poor bastards like ta fuck! "

All eyes were on the faces of the whores.

"If you Mary fail to participate .. Frank get his ass fucked by both Grey and
little Monte there. Same goes for your former husband Samantha."

Mary had felt that this was not bad, after what they had been through.  Until
Arthur announced, almost as an after thought, the bit about the HIV. Fucking of
her husband's ass now was a death sentence.

If she prevailed it was a death sentence for poor Robert, Samantha's husband.

Frank and Robert both commenced to struggle and scream so much that, well they
just had to gagged the faggot pair. So it was with tears running down their
faces, they could only look to their former loving wives to save their ASS....

Mary was shocked but did not know what to do!

Andy motioned for the action to begin. Samantha experienced in the game got in
the first lick, a cut to Mary's soft smooth left tit.

A surprised Mary screamed and dropped her whip.

Without thinking, She stood there holding her wounded tit, while Samantha went
to work on her. Blows rained down all over her defenseless body, till Mary
sought protection by curling into a ball on the floor.

Holding his cigar in front of him, Andy called a hault to this slaughter.

"Mary .. Mary .. you mustn't give in so easily. True he is a fag but you should
try to defend his ass .. for  .. Well do it for me of .. " Saying that Andy
placed the tip of his cigar to the outside of her right breast.

She screamed but, knowing Frank's fate if she stopped and now quickly rose to
her feet.

The pain through her body was terrible but she did got upright. Standing there
she let Andy smothered the in with her precious now scared tit meat .. as a
penalty for losing the first round.

"Good whore!! You must really love the fag's ass. it's safe for now ..."

A cheer went up from the audience....

"But", Andy went on, ".. um .. Alice is it .. yea Alice .. here was dissatisfied
with your .. um ... servicing ... of her. Now we can't have that, can we? You
were warned .. corrected and went on to do for her .. But as she is a good
customer, she is back, with her 'little' friend, for another go at her total 
satisfaction ..."

Mary screamed when she saw the fat ugly bitch from before climb up on the stage.

This time, the fat bitch had attached by straps to her crotch, a huge solid blue
plastic dildo.

It must of been more than 3 inches in diameter at its 'blunt head' and it
tapered out to god knows what diameter over its foot and a half length.

Mary had done her bit tring to save Frank's life but this ....  this was too
much! It would rip her insides to pieces ... So shaking her head she tried to
back away from her new 'fucker'.

"no No NO!!!"

A terrified Mary began to look for a way out of this. but the exits were all 
blocked. Samantha, drove her back into the path of the advancing lesbian, Alice
and her dildo, with her trusty leather whip ..

CRACK .....Crack.....

"Come over here to mommie, you nasty little bitch .... This 'll teach ya to
discriminate against some nice little girlie love with me.." Alice called to the
terrified woman... "Come on honey. Have a little tickle with my nice 'little'
blue dickie do .. "

Mary tried to back away from the demented woman and the huge blue thing ....

But now with the help of three volunteers from the audience, Mary was restrained
and then lifted up. Alice rushed over and impaled her on the horrible blue
thing, only a short length. Mary now just hung there screaming, as gravity
lowered her down along the thing's blue length. The volunteers held the pair
together while Andy secured her to Alice's waist, by the expedient of tying her
ankles together behind Alice's broad fat back.

The huge thing stuffed inside her hole distended Mary's belly, soo much she
feared her eyes would pop out.

Alice, was a crowd person. To please the crowd, she commenced to jumping up and
down. Each jump ended up ramming Mary's defenseless body innards, deeper over
the huge blue thing. For variety Alice rammed her fuck bunny's back into various
support poles around the stage.

Implement was bad enough, but the oscillations stirred up Mary's poor innards...
Then too the twisting and turning caused the devise to bore further into Mary's
poor abused love hole...

After an eternity of boring, an unconscious Mary's legs were untied and she was
allowed to ooze down off the blue monster .. onto the hard wood floor to rest.
Her poor vagina gapped open and would have had no trouble taking on some
telephone pole some where. Servicing some one ... some normal man for a while,
was out of the question.

As she lay, there on the floor, Arthur called out that she had forfeited Frank's
ass to one of the HIV positive pair .... by resisting and in general acting
unappreciative..

"Now understand this my fine whore .." he explained to a comatose whore, "This
could be very serious if you fuck up again and both of um, have the use of the
fag's pussy.... Do you understand ME!"

"Awww she resting .. Whip the whore's for me tits... to get her attention..."
Andy said turning for help from his whipper.

The blond hared man stepped up and took one swing before poor Mary realized what
he was doing ..

CRACK!!!

The leather met with the smooth white tit flesh laying there spread out and
available. The sickening sound and poor Mary's scream caused the crowd to roar.
She had turned over to try to protect her precious mammarys.

"Hay .. Hay .. Whore .. none of that, or I'll let um both have at his ass right
now. Now turn over and kneel up and take your punishment..." Andy demanded..

With her inflamed vagina aching, and tits stripped Mary tried to get up to do
her part to save poor Frank's vulnerable exposed ass ..

"Now whore place your little paws behind your head and give him a good shot at
them worthless tit bags..." a smiling Andy demanded, winking at the crowd.

A cringing Mary complied. Samantha's whip met her smooth now welted tit flesh
again and again.. till Mary again swooned ...

"Lend us a hand. Get the whore, up on her feet." Mary heard through the pain
soaked haze that was her consciousness...

With the help of two volunteers from the audience, she was lifted to her feet
and held arms rigid at her sides. Again a smiling a Alice was called up on
stage. This time she had a pair of tweezers in her hands. Then she proceeded to
remove all of Mary's remaining pubic hair with pull after pull of the pesky
hairs.

Mary could only look down and stair at her badge of femininity being obliterated 
with pulls from the womans fat hand ...

"Some of your customers complained tonight, that your pussy was entirely too 
shaggy. So when Alice here, your friend and former customer, offered to correct
it for ya, well so..!!! Ya know nobody likes a hairy whore."

Andy announced to a befuddled Mary and all the audience...

Filled the air as the pubic hair was whisked away .. were at first the screams
and then the moans of the boor bitch whore.

'AAAA,' Mary emitted as she faintly struggled and again passed out....

The tweezers had ripped out all her current pubic mat down to white skin with
red dots. It would never return again in it's normal thickness. but then another
day another session would provide entertainment again.

This time when Mary woke up, it was to the smelled something, burning hot just
below her nose, as well as the fire in her crotch area.

Quickly she drew her head up and back as far as she could ... from the terrible
thing ... It followed her till her face was turned up straining her neck
muscles. This caused her poor dangling, aching tits to flair up in renewed agony
as they swung freely into rapid motion.

As she looked down, just below her nose. Her eyes beheld a white hot metal
rod... She found herself attached, belly down to a metal frame, so that she
could not move up further, or get away. She could only wiggle a little and maybe
plead... Her hands were secured to either side of the frame and her knees were
spread wide open causing her cunt to gape open invitingly. The design of the
frame was to kept her body open up, and suspended between the frame about a foot
off the floor. Accessible all over, to the kiss of white hot rod if some wanted
to move it around. She could not even close her crack ...

"No! No .... Please..... Don't....' Mary pleaded as she tried to hold her head
higher, as far as possible up away from the burning hot rod.

"Well the whore is finally awake..." Andy's voice called out over her left
shoulder..

"You miserable whore, while you were sleeping, we awarded the game to these two
nice fags. So due to your lack of effort, and in general, sleeping on the job,
Frank is entertaining the boys. Right over here ...   see..."

Mary's could only move her eyes, but by looking as far right as she could, she 
saw a cluster of naked humping hairy asses. She knew was the HIV positive
faggot, having a grand old time with Frank's ass.

"Now while Frankie get's his ass fucked ... and to give the audience a little
entertainment, as some actually disapprove of fags .. we going to let you
perform with Rex .. Sort of your average show biz show stopper .... Now we know
you're a cat person, but audiences just don't seem to like that sort of stuff,
so we have o stick to the tried and true don't we?"

Mary heard the clicking of nails on the stage boards. Turning her head around
the other way, Mary's eyes beheld a large black Doberman with a menacing spiked
red leather collar.

Through the pain filled haze of her consciousness, with her aching vagina and
tits, her burning venus mons Mary could only try to keep her face up away from
the burning hot metal rod. Spread out on the metal frame she was tied to, she
hope for an end to it all ....

"Up Rex!" Andy's voice called out. The sleek black beast flew up and over her
bent back .. This forced her back down in between the frame's supports ..

The beast immediately commenced to pumping his sleek black ass between Mary's
spread cheeks .. She felt the rock hard doggie cock, battering up and down her
crack .. The jet black animal was trying to find a hole, any hole, for his
distended prick. In his exuberance though he could drill a whole new ass hole
for poor Mary ...

Out of shier self defense, and to spare her abraded vagina, this new assault,
Mary began moved. In hopes of saving herself from a damaged perineum, she tried
to help the animal. After many bruises the stiff doggie dick found a hole! It
shot right in to Mary's tight puckered slightly used little ass hole... Once
housed there, Rex commenced to fucking her neither hole with incredible speed
and ferocity ....

This was the biggest thing she had taken into her ass thus far into her career,
and it seemed to be growing bigger as the beast pumped away with abandon inside
her bowels.

Soon she, to escape the pistoning of the intruder in her ass, began to look
around wanting something to take her mind off the pain and humiliation. On one
side was one of the HIV positive men doing Frank's ass hole, and on the other
side, a pair of photographers recording her debauchery with her first dog.

They were recording the proceedings with both still and video cameras.. for
future audiences .. The hot iron kept her face up as another video camera on a
tripod was recording a front view of her straining expressions as the doggie
dick swelled inside her. The dog didn't care for stardom he just fucked and
fucked her ass.

Whenever she tried to relax, the now red hot iron advanced and touched her right
breast Screaming she lost consciousness again. In a daze she thought she heard,

"The lazy whore don't get into it .. this time .. but next time..."

She awoke on the dirty mattress, again chained by her collar to the floor. Mary
did not know where she was, or what time it was. A dull light leaking in under
the closed door, indicated that the sun was up. And the room looked like one she
had been confined in as she fucked customers, was it .. last night? So she was
probably still in the bar's back room.

She should be up .. getting ready for school .. but .. She could not get away
from the chain holding her captive there.

Her right breast was on fire.

When she looked down she saw a small black burn mark, shared her right nipples 
areola. It held her attention for a while but then she realized she needed to
pee .. She needed to pee badly!

But chained she could only lay there, the dimly lit room hurting. Really her
whole body was just one massive hurt .. So she lay there and wait for them to
come and order her ...

To pass the time she manipulated her clit and masturbated herself through three
of more cums! It was hers. Why shouldn't she pleasure herself. Everyone else
made use of her so why souldn't she?

The chain around her neck, securing her to the floor informed her and everyone
else she was like some owned animal. She was there for however long they wanted
her to be. She could leave or fuck or .. only when they let her.

she had no further choices to make. They would come for her .. 

Much later the blond headed man came in and sat down on the stool that Frank had
occupied last night. He informed her,

"Your little old life just ended, Whore."

"Your precious little Jason went home and blabbed about the blow job you gave
the little prick.. Can't never trust them little fuckers .. So we finished it.
We sent out your pictures to the police, the board of education, and your local
paper. The tabloids 'll have it in no time. You are done as a teacher forever.
If you even show your face in the state, you'll go to prison for the rest of
your life. You perverted little bitch!"

"The good news is, your little bit with the mutt amused the county sheriff soo
much, he's going to be leant with you. He'll let ya stay here and whore your
black heart out for us. That is till ya cunt falls out, or we tire of ya, But ya 
soo much as set foot outside of here and your all done .. Now after ya sign
these papers you can sleep right here .. till show time, tonight.. Tomorrow
we'll set up with some fun people for ya day time servicing ... after that??
Well we 'll see. "

"Please, I.... Uh .... Where is Frank??" Mary floundered.

"Don't ask .. Just sign the forms!" he demanded. "You know your ass is very
photogenic? You will be a hit in videos." 

"Please! Please .. I have to know!" she pleaded.

"O K .. if you really wanna know .. he's gone .. Took um on the road .. up
north... Big demand for fat fags that are already have HIV .. "

"Think of it as Frankie doing his bit to save the poor animals!!! HAHAHAHA. Them
farmers up there, 'll fuck a snake if it'll hold still long enough!"

What should she do?

As she signed the forms he handed her, releases for her pictures to appear in a
host of publications, skin mag's and fuck stuff things. The video would follow
shortly after editing. Big demand for doggie girl action over there ... Their
was even a contract for a future file for her to star with ... A PIG!

She didn't care any more. All that mattered was her cunt and her own
satisfaction ..

When she begged to be allowed to pee he brought her, her former prize silver cup
for volunteering work.

As she relieved her bladder, video footage was made to be sent to the committee
she received it from. The gang were sure they would be horrified to see Mary's
use of their award.

Now relieved she just lay back down and try to get some rest. She knew she would
have a lot of servicing to do tonight .. and tomorrow??

So now the nice young couple were living out their wildest sexual fantasies,
every night, and it would never end ... for either of them.

The end for now...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





