BDSM Library - The Collectors




The Collectors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three debt collectors pay a visit to a teenage boy with a gambling problem. The boy can't pay but when his mother comes home, she is made to.
THE COLLECTORS

BY COYOTE


Ernie hated this shit. Another one of these high school kids that had a gambling
thing and was into Vito for a ton of money that he couldn't possibly pay back
and it was his job to collect from the little punk. He wanted to strangle these
little punks and put them out of their misery rather than just give them a
beating and a warning.

In the car with him were Chico, the big Latino, and Crazy George. It was George
that loved every minute of these outings and, like his name, was one crazy son
of a bitch. Scary as hell. Just two hours ago, in the next town, George had
beaten up one of these kids and made the kid suck his cock. Ernie and Chico
weren't into that kind of thing, not with boys anyway, but George got a kick out
of it and Ernie had to admit it was kind of fun to watch the little punk
whimpering while he had to do it.

There were always three visits. The first was a warning. The second was a good
beating and the third...Well the third was serious hospital time.

The house they were watching was set about a hundred yards from any others. That
always made things easier. When it was dark, as it was now, no one could see
anyone coming or going or hear any noise. This would be a real easy one. It was
eight p.m. and it was their last "visit" for the day.

"Looks like the little faggot is home" Chico said as they gazed at the small
frame house "Let's get this over with."

"Yeah", George grinned "Let's teach the creep a lesson.  Then maybe we can go
somewhere and get laid. I'm horny as hell."

"Well maybe you can get yourself another blow-job" Ernie chuckled as the three
of them got out of the car "We ain't in no hurry"

"Yeah. Maybe" George snickered "One blow-job is never enough. These little
faggots suck cock real good when they have to."

All three laughed as they approached the house.

Moving quietly to a lighted window, Ernie peered in to see a boy of 15 sitting
on a sofa watching t.v.

"Looks like the little jerk-off is home" he said "Let's get him"

Going to the front door, Chico and George stood to the side and Ernie knocked.
In seconds the teenage boy came to the door and looked out at Ernie through a
small glass pane.

"Got a package for Donald LeBlanc" Ernie said "You Donald LeBlanc?"

There was a hesitation but in a few seconds came the sound of the latch being
pulled back and the door opened.

"Yeah. I'm him" the boy said just as Ernie shot out his hand and grasped the boy
by the throat, pushing him back into the house. A look of terror came over the
boy's face and he gasped for air as Chico and George emerged from the darkness
and followed them inside, closing the door behind them.

"Hello Donnie-Boy" Ernie smirked as he released his grip on the boy "Vito sent
us here to pay you a little visit. You know Vito? Don't you?"

The boy's eyes went wildly from Ernie to Chico to George. He was scared
shitless.

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." was all the boy could blubber.

"Yeah. I thought so" Ernie glared at the terrified teenager "Vito tells us you
like to bet on the horses but you ain't a very good loser. How about that,
Donnie-Boy? You a good loser? Something about $1,300. You remember that,
Donnie-Boy?

"I...I was gonna pay him tomorrow" the boy blubbered "I mean it...I really
do..."

"Here that guys?" Ernie turned to Chico and George "He was gonna pay up
tomorrow." Both men chuckled.

"Yeah...Yeah...I was..." the boy stammered desperately "It's the truth... it
really is. I got the money coming tomorrow..."

"Whaddaya think, guys?"  Ernie grinned "You think the little faggot is gonna get
the money tomorrow?"

"Nah" George grinned "I think he's a lying piece of shit. I think he oughta give
us the money now."

"But...But I don't have it right now" the boy stammered "Tomorrow...I...I
promise...Tomorrow."

"Damn" Chico said "Here we go havin' to mess up a nice house again. I hate it
when we got to get blood all over the place."

"I don't think the guys believe you, Donnie-Boy" Ernie glared "Why don't you
just give us the money right now? That way we don't gotta bust you up any."

"Oh Jeez... I don't got it right now..." the boy began to sob in terror, his
eyes going from Ernie to Chico to the crazily grinning George and seeing no
mercy there, "Please...I'll get it for you tomorrow...I...I promise..."

"Hey kid" Chico said "We don't wanna hear any of this tomorrow shit. You get us
the money right now or we're gonna have to go to work on you. You're startin' to
piss me off."

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." was all the terrified boy could choke out "Please...I...I
don't got the money here...Please..."

"Well. Looks like I'm gonna have to do a little surgery" George grinned, taking
out a knife and waving it in front of the boys terrified eyes "Maybe just his
ears this time. Just to let him know we mean business."

"Yeah. Cut off his ears" Chico said "He don't hear so good anyway."

"Oh Jeez No...Nooooo..." the boy began to cry "Don't...Please don't...Oh
Jeez...Oh Jeez...Don't..."

"Hey" George grinned "Maybe if the kid does a little something for me I won't
have to cut him up."

"Please don't cut me up...Please..." the boy blubbered "I'll do anything you
say...Oh Jeez...Jeez..."

"Ok, creep" George said, flashing a grin at Ernie and Chico who smiled back "
Get down on your knees."

The boy quickly scooted down and went wide-eyed when George stepped in front of
him and started to pull down the zipper of his pants.

"Yeah", he smirked " Just a little something to make me feel good. You don't
mind doing a little something for me. Do you, kid?"

The boy started to whimper as George took out his stiff cock and waved it in
front of his face.

"Go on, kid" he leered at the teenager "Suck my cock. Show us what a little
faggot you are."

The boy gulped and looked pleadingly at Ernie and Chico.

"Hell, kid" Chico said to the boy "I think you better do what he says. What's a
little blow-job between friends? And I'd hate to see him have to cut you up
any."

"Go on, kid. Suck it" George grinned down at the terrified boy "And you better
suck it real good for me or else."

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." the boy sobbed as he fearfully leaned forward and taking
George's stiff cock in his mouth began to suck on it.

"Yeah. That's a good boy" George grinned as the terrified teenager's mouth went
to work on his cock "Show us what a good cocksucker you are. And let me feel
that tongue so I can have a really good cum in there."

Wild-eyed with terror, the teen-age boy began to suck up and down on George's
cock with clearly audible slurps and gulps.

"Oh yeah. That's it, kid" George grinned "Suck that cock. Yeah. And let me hear
you go 'mmmmmmmm' when you do it."

"Mmmmmmm...Mmmmmmm..." went the boy as he reluctantly sucked on the stiff cock
in his mouth. Frightened out of his wits about what might happen to him if he
didn't do as he was told, the boy let his tongue roll all over George's stiff
cock and bobbed his head back and forth. "Mmmmmmm...Mmmmmmm..."

"Oh man. This little faggot can really suck cock when he has to" George sneered
with malice "Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm gonna cum in his faggot mouth. Oh yeah..."

"Damn. I think the little jerk-off really likes it" Chico said as he and Ernie
watched with amusement "Go on George. Cum in his mouth and make him swallow it."

"Oh yeah. I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna cum" George said, grasping the boys hair and
forcing 6 inches of cock into his sucking mouth "Oh man. Oh yeah."

The boys eyes popped widely open as George started to cum in his mouth and
fearfully began to swallow the hot jets of sperm with loud gulps.

"Mmmmmmm...Mmmmmmm..." went the terrified boy as he obediently sucked on
George's spurting cock, swallowing and gulping "Mmmmmmm...Mmmmmmm..."

When George finished his cum he wiped his cock on the boy's face.

"Damn. That was good" he grinned at the other two "You guys should get yourself
a good blow-job while we're here. I mean why the hell not?"

In spite of his not being into boys, Ernie found himself with a huge hard-on
from watching the forced blow-job. "What the hell. Why not?" Ernie smiled,
stepping up to the now sobbing boy and pulling down the zipper of his pants "I
never turn down a good blow-job."

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." the boy whimpered as out came Ernie's cock in front of
his face "Don't make me do it again...Oh Jeez..."

"Go on, kid. Suck that salami" Ernie smirked "Get to work and keep on humming."

Sniveling, the boy took Ernie's stiff cock in his mouth and began to suck it.

"Mmmmmmm...Mmmmmmm..." came the boy's terrified chant as he went to work on
Ernie's cock "Mmmmmmm...Mmmmmmm..."

After Ernie, Chico took his place fucking the boy's mouth and having a good cum.

When he had finished sucking all three cocks, the whimpering boy was grasped by
the hair and yanked to his feet.

"Now let's talk about the money again, you cocksucking little faggot" Ernie
menaced "How much you got here?"

Sobbing in terror, the boy managed to come up with $25 in bills and about $3 in
change.

"$28. That don't quite cut it, my man" Ernie said "I think it's time you got a
good beating."

"Oh Jeez...Oh No..." the boy blubbered "I'll get the money...I...I
promise...I'll get it tomorrow...I...I promise..."

At that moment there came the sound of a car coming into the driveway and the
men's heads turned towards the sound.

"Looks like we got company" Chico said "Who's that, kid?"

"It...It's my Mom" the boy whimpered.

"It's your Mom, is it?" Ernie said "Well maybe your Mom has an idea about how we
can get our money."

"Oh...Oh Jeez...Don't hurt my Mom" the boy blubbered "Please don't hurt my
Mom... Please..."

"Sit down, punk" Ernie said "Chico. You get behind the door so you can grab Mom
when she comes in. Me and George will be in the next room so it can be a real
surprise." "Oh Jeez...Don't hurt my Mom...Oh Jeez..." went the boy, continuing
his 'Oh Jeez' mantra as he was pushed into a chair.

36 year old Melba LeBlanc got out of her car and walked up the driveway to the
front door. She was a full figured woman wearing a knit skirt that complimented
her big but very shapely bottom and a blouse that did not do much to hide her
overly large breasts.

Melba opened the door to see her son sitting in a chair sobbing.

"Donnie. What's the..." she managed to say as Chico's large hand suddenly
clamped over her mouth and she went wide-eyed with shock.

Chico kicked the door shut behind them and Ernie and George emerged from the
other room.

"Why hello Mom" Ernie smirked at the shocked and frightened woman "We were just
having a chat with your son here about some money he owes us. He likes to do a
little gambling you know."

Melba's frightened eyes darted fearfully from the man speaking to the other man
with the crazy grin on his face. She could not see the man holding her but she
knew he was big.

"Seems your little boy here owes us a lot of money and he don't seem to have it
to pay us back" Ernie sneered "So we thought we'd have a chat with you about it
too."

George went up to Melba and pressed his knife to her throat causing her to gasp.

"Ok, lady" George said "My friend is gonna take his hand off your mouth and if
you scream or anything I'm gonna have to cut up you and sonny-boy over there.
You understand?"

Melba nodded her understanding as a tear of fright trickled down her cheek and
Chico took away his hand.

"Donnie. Who are these men?" she blurted "What did you do?"

"I...I owe them money, Mom" Donnie whimpered "I'm sorry...I'm really sorry."

"That's right, lady" Ernie said "He owes us $1,300 from some bad bets he made
and we're just here to collect."

"Wh...What..." Melba squeaked "$1,300? He doesn't have that much money. Donnie.
How could you? How could you?"

"Mom. I'm sorry. I made a bet. I'm sorry..." whimpered Donnie.

"Oh Donnie. What did you do?" Melba mewled "How could you? Oh my god. How could
you?"

"So how about it, Mom?" Ernie said "$1,300. You got that to give us or do we
have to get down to business?"

"I...I don't have that much money here" Melba said as more tears appeared on her
cheeks "Tomorrow. I...I can get it for you tomorrow?"

"More of this 'tomorrow' shit" Ernie glared "We heard that from sonny-boy here.
We don't wanna hear about tomorrow. We want our money now."

"But...But I don't keep that kind of money here" Melba squeaked fearfully "I can
get it tomorrow...Please..."

"Ok. No problem" Ernie said "George. Cut one of the kid's ears off and if we
don't get our money tomorrow we can come back and cut the other one off."

"Oh No...Oh God No..." Melba blurted as Donnie cringed in terror "Please No..."

"Well we ain't gonna just leave, lady" he said "We gotta do a little something
to show you and the kid we mean business. I think one ear will be ok."

"Oh my god...Oh my god...No..." Melba squeaked in terror "Please...I beg you..."

"Hey. I got an idea" George smirked "Maybe Mom here can give us a little
entertainment. Whaddaya say Mom?"

"Wh...What?" Melba said "En...Entertainment. What do you mean?"

"Yeah" Chico grinned "Mom's nice and plump and juicy lookin'. Ain't she? Maybe
if we can have a little fun with her we won't cut off the kid's ear."

"Yeah. Good idea" Ernie smiled "How about that, Mom? How's about lettin' us have
a little fun with you?"

"Fun? You don't mean? Oh my god" Melba squeaked "You couldn't possibly mean...Oh
my god..."

 "Hey. What say we give Mom here a little undressin'" George leered "I'd like to
get a good look at her.

Suddenly, Melba's shoulders were grabbed from behind by Chico and George held
his knife to her throat.
Ernie stepped in front of Melba and, reaching out, began to unbutton her blouse.

"Yeah. A little undressing. That's what Mom needs" Ernie smiled "Hey. Kid. Watch
this. We're gonna give your Mom here a nice strip just for fun. We're gonna have
ourselves a little look-see. Oh yeah. A really nice look-see."

"Oh No...What are you doing..." Melba chirped "What are you..."

"Why, Mom" Ernie grinned "We're gonna take out those nice big titties of yours
and have a look at them. You don't mind? Do you?"

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." Donny croaked from the chair "Don't do that to my Mom.
Please don't do that. Oh Jeez...Jeez..."

"You shut the fuck up, kid" Chico shouted "You just sit there real quiet and
we're gonna let you watch us take off your Mom's clothes and have a little fun
with her."

"Oh Please...Please Don't..." Melba squealed as Ernie undid the buttons of her
blouse "Please. Don't do that. Please. Not in front of my son. Please..."

"Ahhh. C'mon, lady. Don't be so stuck up" Ernie grinned "We're just gonna take
out those nice, big titties of yours and play with them a little. I think it's
kinda fun lettin' your kid watch. Don't you?"

"Yeah" George leered "I bet the little creep would really like to get a look at
his Mom's big titties. Let's show him how his Mom has to pay us back for waitin'
till tomorrow."

"Oh No...Noooo..." Melba wailed as Ernie undid the last button and pulled open
her blouse to reveal her tittie-filled bra "Don't...Please Don't...Noooo..."

"Oh man" George grinned "That's some pair of tits Mom's got there. Go on. Take
off her bra and let's have a real good look at them."

"Oh Please...I...I beg you...Don't...Please..." Melba squeaked as Chico pulled
her blouse down from her shoulders and off."

"Go on, Chico" Ernie leered "Pop Mom's bra open and let's see those nice big
tits."

"Noooo...Noooo..." sobbed Melba as Chico deftly popped the clasp of her bra,
letting her large, big nippled titties plummet out and jiggle nakedly for all to
see.

"Oooweeeee. Lookit the size of them titties" George chuckled "That's quite a
pair of knockers you got there, Mom."

"Hey. Kid" Chico said to the whimpering Donnie "Get a look at those titties.
Whaddaya think? Your Mom's got some pair of knockers on her. Don't she?"

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." was all the boy continued to whimper as he stared in
disbelief at his sobbing mother's naked tits.

Ernie placed a hand under each of Melba's titties and bounced the big globes up
and down lewdly.

"Oh yeah" he smiled "Lookit 'em shake. What a pair of tits. Nice and big and
juicy. Lookit the size of those nippies on her. Mom's got a regular pair of milk
wagons. Don't she?"

"Oh God...Oh My God...Noooo...Don't...Please..." Melba sobbed as Ernie hefted a
big tittie in each hand and shook them lewdly.

"Hey" George grinned "Lemme tweak her big nippies. I wanna make her squeal for
us."

"Go on, man" Ernie said "Have a little tittie fun with her. Mom don't mind. Do
you Mom?"

"Eeeeeeeee...Eeeeeeeee..." squealed Melba as George tweaked her big tittie-nips
and rolled them between his thumbs and forefingers "Noooo...Stop That...Don't do
that...Eeeeeeeee..."

"Yeah. That's it, Mom" George sneered at the helpless woman "Give us a squeal.
Let's hear it. Come on."

Poor Melba didn't disappoint them, squealing and sobbing nicely as George had
his fun with her big tittie-nips.

"Oh yeah. Mom squeals real nice when you tweak up her nippies. Don't she?" Chico
chuckled "I like to hear her squeal for us."

Chico then reached around Melba from behind and, taking her big titties in his
hands, began to fondle and play with them.

Ernie again stepped in front of the sobbing woman and, reaching down his hand,
gave her a feel through the front of her knit skirt.

"Ooohhhh. What we got here, Mom?" he leered as he felt her most private place
through her skirt "That feels nice. I really like that. I think you got a little
something under that skirtie that would be fun to play with."

"P...Please...Please..." Melba sobbed pitifully "Don't do that...Please..."

"Hey. How's about a little peep show up Mom's skirtie?" George leered "Let's get
her skirtie up and see what's doin' under there."

"Oh yeah. What a good idea" Ernie grinned "Go on, Chico. Get Mom's skirtie on up
there and let's have ourselves a nice look-see."

"Oh...Oh No...Not That...Please..." Melba squeaked as Chico, standing behind
her, began to slowly lift up her skirt "Please...Don't...Pleeeaase..."

"Oh yeah" George smirked "Up it goes, Mom. We're gonna see your panties. Oh
yeah. This is gonna be nice."

"Hey. Kid. Watch this" Ernie said to the whimpering but wide-eyed Donnie "You're
gonna get to see your Mom in her undie-pants."

Melba sobbed and pleaded as her skirt was slowly lifted up her full, shapely
thighs by the big man behind her and gave a desperate gasp when her snug
fitting, sensible white panties came into view and were fully exposed for all to
see and enjoy.

"Oh God...Oh My God..." Melba whimpered, instinctively lowering her hand to
modestly cover her snug, panty covered mound from everyone's gaze.

"Get that hand away, Mom" Ernie glared, smacking it to the side "Let's see that
nice twatsie you got there."

Melba gave a humiliated squeal and lowered her head in shame as the men's eyes
roamed over her fully exposed panties.

"Oooweeee. Lookit Mom's undie-pants" George cackled gleefully "Mom's got nice
undie-pants. Don't she? Nice tight ones."

"Oh yeah. Really tight" Ernie snickered "You can almost see her plump li'l
cookie right through them."

"Hey. Kid" George said to the gaping Donnie "Whaddaya think of that? Your Mom's
showin' us her undie-pants. Don't you think it's real nice of your Mom to let us
get her skirtie up so we can all peek her undies?"

Donnie could only stare and whimper as he was made to witness his mother's
humiliation.

"What say we get Mom to do a little dance for us" George grinned "I bet that
would be fun to watch."

"Yeah" Ernie smiled "C'mon Mom. How's about you do a little dance for us. That
would be real entertaining."

"Oh No...Please..." Melba sobbed "Don't make me do something like that. I...I
just couldn't...Please...I...I..."

"Go on, Mom" George cut her off "Hold that skirtie on up there and do a little
panty dance for us."

"Oh Please...I...I couldn't..." Melba blubbered in terror "Please...Please..."

"Hey Chico" Ernie said to the big man "I think Mom's got to learn to do what
she's told. Don't you?"

"Yeah" Chico said "I hate it when a bitch don't do what we tell her. I think Mom
needs a good spanking to teach her a lesson."

"Wh...What?" Melba squeaked "Oh No...Oh No...You wouldn't...You...You..."

"Go on. Bend over, Mom" Chico said "It's time you got spanked."

"Oh...Please No...I...I Won't...I Won't..." Melba stammered in terror, tears now
streaming down her cheeks.

"What's that, Mom?" Chico menaced "Are you sayin' no to me? I said bend over and
stick that nice big keester out for us. You're gonna get a spanking whether you
want it or not."

'Oh...Oh Please...Oh God...No..." Melba blubbered helplessly "Please Don't..."

"Looks like you're gonna have to help her" Ernie said "Mom sure does a lot of
squawkin'. Don't she?"

"Eeeeek" went Melba as the big man wrapped a huge arm around her waist from
behind and suddenly bent her over with her big, panty covered ass thrust out and
facing everyone.

"Oooweeee. Lookit that nice big ass" George whistled as the men ogled Melba's
big, round buttocks wriggling nicely in her tightly stretched panties "Go on,
man. Give it to her."

"Oh yeah. This is gonna be fun" Chico smiled, patting Melba's panty encased
bottom with one big hand while holding the haplessly struggling woman tightly
around her waist with the other "I love spankin' up a nice big ass like this."

"Oh...Oh No...Don't...Please...." Melba whinnied as she squirmed in the
humiliating position in front of the three men and her own, gawking, son
"Please...Please..."

"Watch this, kid" Ernie said to the whimpering Donnie "Your Mom's gonna get a
good pasting so she learns to do what she's told. Go on, Chico. Put a little
fire in Mom's panties. Warm her up good."

"Oh Please. Nooo...Noooooo..." poor Melba wailed as Chico raised one big hand
and brought it down with all his might to her wriggling bottom with a loud smack
"EEEEEEE...EEEEEEE...YOWWWWWWWW..."

"Oh yeah. Give it to her. Give it to her good "George cackled as Chico raised
his punishing palm again "Let's see that big assie bounce right around there."

"THWACK"
"YEEEEEEE...YEEEEEEE...WOOOOOOO..." went Melba when the big hand connected
"NOOOOO...OOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO..."

"SPLAT"
"WOOOOOOO...OWWWWWW...OWWWWWWW...NOOOOOOO..."

Donnie whimpered and sniveled in gaping disbelief as the three grinning men had
their way with his helpless, crying, mother but could not help a stirring in his
own young cock as he watched her humiliating treatment at their hands.

"Oh yeah. Looks like Mom's panties are warmin' up real good" Ernie chuckled as
Chico smacked away at poor Melba's stinging, wriggling bottom cheeks "But I
don't think she's got the message yet. Give it to her some more."

"OH NOOO...NO MORE...NOOOOO..." Melba shrieked as Chico's big hand came down
again with a loud splat "WOOOOOOO...OOOOOOOO..."

George stepped in front of the sobbing woman to see how nicely her big titties
were hanging down due to her bent over position.

"Oh, Mom" he leered at the sobbing woman as he ogled her two jiggling globes
"Your titties are shakin'. And there ain't nobody holdin' on to them for you.
I'm gonna help you out there."

George kneeled in front of Melba and put out his hands to seize and fondle and
play with her big swaying tits just as Chico's hand came down on her panty
encased bottom once again.

"THWACK"
"YOWWWWEEEEEE...YOWWWWW...OWWWWWW...WOWWWWWW..."
"Go on, man" Ernie chuckled "Squeeze her titties. Twist those big knobs of
hers."

With one hand fondling a big tittie, George grasped Melba by her hair and pulled
her tear streaked face up to look at him.

"How's about a kiss, Mom?" he leered at the poor woman "Let's show everybody and
that boy of yours how much you like me."

"N...No. P...Please No...Don't make me...Please..."

"Hey, Chico" George grinned "Mom don't wanna give me a kiss."

"Oh she don't?" Chico sneered as he patted the poor woman's well-spanked panty
cheeks "We'll just see about that. I think a few more good ones on that big,
juicy ass of hers and Mom is gonna be smootching it up really good for you."

"Oh...No...No more...Please...No more...No...No...No..." Melba sobbed as Chico's
arm went up yet again and came down with a brutal SPLAT "YOWWW...
YOWEEEEE...WOWWWWW...OH GOD...OH GOD...WOOOOOOO..."

"C'mon Mom" George leered into the woman's tear streaked face "Kissie-Kissie"

"Oooohh...No...Please...I...I beg you..." Melba blubbered "Nooooo...Oooohhh..."

"Looks like Mom's havin' a hard time getting' the message" Ernie spat "Put some
more fire in those panties of hers and let's see what happens."

"THWACK...SPLAT...SMACK..."

"YEEEEEEEE...YEEEEEEEE...WEEEEEEE..." Melba shrieked, her jiggling bottom
spreading with pain "NOOOOO...I...I"LL DO IT...NO MORE...PLEASE NO MORE...OH
GOD...PLEEEEAASE..."

"C'mon Mom" George leered, holding Melba's face up with his hand twisting
painfully in her hair "Let's have a nice smootchie."

Her poor bottom stinging, the unhappy, sobbing woman allowed George to kiss her
on the lips.

"Ahhh. C'mon, Mom" he grinned "Let's have a little tongue. I want a really nice
lickie-kiss."

"Please...No...Please..." Melba whimpered as the grinning George held her
tear-streaked face up with the hand in her hair and continued to bounce her
titties with the other.

"Hey, man. Mom don't wanna do it nice for me" George smiled "Whaddaya think of
that."

"Well. We can take care of that real quick" Ernie sneered, taking off his thick
leather belt "We just gotta get Mom in the mood."

Raising his arm, Ernie brought the terrible belt whistling down and it connected
with the woman's wriggling, already stinging, panty-bottom with a resounding
CRACK.

"YEEEEEEE...YEEEEEEE...YOWEEEEEEE..." went Melba as this new pain shot through
her defenseless bottom "OOOOOOO...WOOOOOOOO...NO...NO
MORE...PLEEEASE...OWOOOOOOO..."

This time, when George went to kiss her, she allowed his tongue to slip into her
mouth.

"C'mon, Mom" George leered at her "More tongue. I want lots of tongue."

"Oh...P...Please...Please..." Melba sobbed pitifully "Don't...Please..."

"More tongue comin' up" Ernie spat, raising his arm and bringing the belt down
to it's plump, panty-encased target once again.

"CRACK"
"OOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO..." came Melba's tuneful response as the men
chuckled "OH...OH...OH...OOOOOOO...OOOOOOO..."

This time when George went to kiss her, Melba's tongue was wonderfully active.
In fact, she had not smootched quite so enthusiastically in years.

"And hold that head up yourself, Mom' George leered "I need both hands to play
with those big titties of yours."

With a nice big tittie in each hand, George french kissed the poor, sobbing
woman lewdly as Ernie and Chico laughed.

"Mmmm. Nice mouth you got there, Mom" George grinned "Nice and hot and juicy.
What say we put it to good use? Hey?"

George stood and, facing the poor woman, began to unzip his pants.

"Turn Mom around just a little" he said "I want the kid to watch his Mom suck my
cock."

"Oh...Oh No...Oh Please No..." Melba whinnied at hearing this "Please...I...I
Don't want...Oh God...Please...Oh...No...Not That...Please..."

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." was all the distraught teenage boy could continue to
whimper as his sobbing, pleading mother was shifted sideways and George took out
his penis  "Oh Jeez. You're not gonna make her...Oh Jeez..."

"You just keep your fuckin' mouth shut, kid" Chico glared at the boy "And enjoy
the show."

"Up on your knees, Mom" George ordered "Unless you want some more of that belt
on your big ass."

"Oh...Oh God...Please..." Melba blubbered as, terrified of any more beating, she
got to her knees in front of George "Please...Don't make me...I...I beg you..."

"Now. First thing you gotta do, Mom, is help me get a nice hard-on" George
grinned "Kiss my cock."

"Ohhh...Nooo...Pleeeease..." Melba sobbed haplessly.

"Hey Ernie" he said "Get ready. Mom might need the belt again."

"Hearing this, Melba gave a squeak of terror and leaned forward to kiss George's
lewdly hanging cock."

"Yeah. That's it, Mom" he leered "Kiss it. Kiss the big cockie all over."

Terrified of the men and what would happen to her if she didn't do as she was
told, Melba reluctantly kissed George's cock up and down it's length, knowing,
to her absolute humiliation that her own teenage son was being made to watch.

"That's a good girl" George sneered "Now lick it. Show us all what you can do
with your tongue."

Sobbing and squealing, Melba began to lick George's cock, causing the big penis
to twitch into life.

"Ooohh, Mom. Lookit that" he snickered "You're givin' me a hard-on. You just
keep on lickin' and kissin' down there and let's see what happens."

George's cock stiffened and he held it up against his stomach, making poor Melba
kiss and lick his balls.

"Damn. Look what you did, Mom" he grinned "You gave me a big hard-on. Now what
you gonna do about it?"

"Oh P...Please..." Melba whimpered "Don't...Please Don't..."

"C'mon now, Mom. Open up that juicy mouth so I can fuck it" he leered down at
the helpless, pleading woman "That boy of yours took care of all of our dicks
before you came home. Now I wanna see who the best cocksucker is. You or him."

"Yeah. Go on, Mom" Ernie said Let's see you get down to business. You start
suckin' that big cock or else."

To emphasize his point, Ernie snapped his evil belt and the sound of the snap
was all the encouragement Melba needed as, with a frightened squeal, she took
George's stiff cock in her mouth and began to suck.

"Yeah. That's it, Mom" George snickered "Suck my cock. Let me feel that tongue.
Yeah. That's the way to do it. Yeah."

Donnie whimpered, looking on in disbelief as his mother was forced to perform
the lewd and humiliating act for a perfect stranger.

"Hey. You watchin' this, kid?" Ernie grinned over at the gaping Donnie "Your Mom
sure is a good cocksucker. She really goes for the big, hot salami. Don't she?"

"Oh yeah" Chico snickered "Mom sure is a good little hostess. I bet she swallows
too. Whaddaya think, kid?"

Tears of terror and total humiliation ran down poor Melba's cheeks, her big
titties jiggling and swaying nicely for everybody as she fearfully sucked and
slurped on George's stiff penis.

"That's it, Mom. Suck it" George leered down at the hapless, sobbing Melba as he
lewdly fucked his obscene cock in and out of her mouth "And look up at me while
you do it. I want to watch your face when I cum in your nice, juicy mouth."

"Hey, kid" Ernie chuckled at the whimpering teenage boy "Looks like your Mom's
got herself a real mouthful there. She sure can suck cock when she has to."

"Oh Damn" George moaned. "I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna feed Mom her dinner. Oh Yeah.
Oh Yeah..."

The pitifully sobbing mother's eyes popped wide open and she gave a squeal as
the first jet of hot cum was squirted into her unwilling mouth. She tried to
pull her head back but George quickly grasped her by her hair and held her mouth
firmly in place.

"Ooohhh Yeah. I'm cummin'. I'm cummin'" he grimaced as he pumped his hot juice
into the poor woman's defenseless mouth "Oh Man. Yeah. Suck my cum, Mom. Suck
it. Oh Yeah."

"That's it, man" Ernie leered "Cum in her mouth. Give the big-tittie bitch what
she needs. Give it to her good."

Melba's squeals became louder with each spurt of hot cum that was squirted into
her helpless mouth and she fearfully began to swallow with clearly audible
slurps and gulps.

The poor woman tried but was unable to swallow it all so when George had
finished, he pulled out his wet cock and held Melba's sobbing face up by her
hair so that everybody could see the trickle of cum at the corner of her mouth.

"Oh, Mom. That was one great blow-job" George snickered as the sobbing woman's
hands went to cover her face in shame "You can suck my cock any time."

"Oh...Oh God...How...How could you..." she blubbered with heaving sobs "How
could you make...make me do that...in...in front of my...of my...Ooohhhhh..."

"Go on" Ernie snapped "Get the bitch up here and let's have some more fun with
her."

Melba gave a loud squeal as George yanked her to her feet, her big titties
bouncing and her skirt still tucked up around her waist.

"Well, Mom. It looks like you're quite the cocksucker. Ain't you?" he sneered in
the poor, humiliated woman's tear streaked face as he reached to bounce her
shaking titties in his hands "What else can you do for us?"

"Oh Please...No...No More..." Melba sobbed "Oh Please God...No More..."

"You know, Mom?" he grinned, lowering one hand to feel the front of Melba's snug
panties "I think I'm gonna have a peek down in these panties and see what's
doing in there. How would that be? You don't mind if I have a nice little peek.
Do you?"

"Oh...Oh Please...Don't..." the poor woman sobbed" Please Don't...Please..."

Heedless of the woman's pleading, Ernie grasped the elastic waistband at the
front of Melba's panties between his thumb and forefinger and pulled it slightly
outward.

"Oh My. What have we here" Ernie grinned as he peered directly down into the
front of Melba's panties "Would you look at that. Ain't that nice?"

Melba hung her head in shame and humiliation as Ernie enjoyed the view. "Hey,
man" Ernie said to George and Chico "Get a look at this. Mom's lettin' us have a
peek in her undie-pants."

Both men approached and peered downwards into the humiliated woman's underpants.

"Oh Yeah" Chico whistled "Would you lookit that. You can see everythin' real
nice. Ain't that somethin'?"

"Damn. Mom's sure got a nice li'l pizza, don't she?" George snickered "Nothin'
like a little peek in the panties to see the curly dumpling."

"How about that, kid" Ernie grinned at the gaping teenager "Your Mom's lettin'
us have a peek in her panties. We're really havin' a nice look down there."

"Oh...Oh Don't..." Melba whimpered "Please Don't Do This...Please..."

"Hey man" Chico said "You think Mom would mind if I put my hand down in her
panties and gave it a little tickle? Just for fun?"

"Yeah. Go on" George chuckled "Give her a feel in her panties. Ain't nothin"
much she can do about it."

"Oh...Oh Don't..." Melba whimpered as the smiling Chico put his hand down into
the front of her panties "P...Please...Please..."

"Awww. C'mon Mom" Chico leered "I just wanna feel it a little. It ain't gonna
hurt you none. Just a little tickle in the panties so I can see how nice
everything is."

"Oh...Oh Please...Oh No..." sobbed the poor woman as Chico began to give her an
intimate tickle.

"Cootchie-Cootchie-Coo" Chico chuckled at the sobbing, humiliated woman "Oh Mom.
That's nice. I like that. I really do. That's a real nice little pie you got
down there. It tickles up real good. Yes indeed."

"Oh God...Oh My God..." the poor mother blubbered as the big man's lewdly
tickling finger played in her panties "Nooo...Oh Nooooo..."

"Oooweeee. Go on, man" George cackled "Tickle her up real good. See if you can
get Mom to wet her panties for us."

"Yeah. Let's see if we can tickle up a little juice down in there" Chico leered
into the sobbing woman's tear streaked face "Come on, Mom. Make a little wetsie
in your panties for us. Come on now. Cootchie-Cootchie-Coo."

Poor, humiliated Melba could only wriggle and squeal helplessly as the big man
had his fun with her and the other two laughed and passed their lewd comments.

"Now how's about a kiss, Mom" Chico said "Let's have a little smootch while I
tickle it. Ok?"

Melba gave a loud squeak when Chico suddenly wrapped his free arm around her 
and roughly pulled her up against him, her big titties mashed against his lower
chest.

"Oohhh... Noooo...D...Don't...Do..." was all she was able to squeal out before
Chico mashed his lips to hers and thrust his tongue into her unwilling mouth.

"Yeah" Ernie chuckled "Smootch her up good. Show the kid what a hot poonie he's
got for a Mom."

Melba sobbed and wriggled in Chico's strong grip as he thrust his tongue lewdly
in and out of her mouth while his fresh hand continued to play in her panties.
He kept this up for several minutes before relaxing his grip and pulling away.

"C'mon. Let's see her dance for us" Ernie grinned "We want a little
entertainment"

Melba made a desperate move to pull down her skirt which was still bunched up
around her waist.

"Leave that skirtie up, Mom" Ernie spat "We want to see those panties when you
do your little dancie."

"Oh...Oh No...P...Please..." Melba sobbed "Don't...Don't Make me...Please..."

"Go on, Mom. Put your hands behind your head" Ernie menaced "We want to see
those big titties shake when you dance."

With tears of shame running down her cheeks, poor Melba laced her fingers behind
her head.

"C'mon. Mom" he sneered "Do a nice little dancie for us. Let's go."

"Oh Please...Please..." was all the helpless woman could manage to blubber in
desperation.

"I said dance" Ernie ordered "Or maybe you need some more of my belt on that big
ass of yours to help get you going."

The thought of being whipped again was sufficient encouragement and the poor,
sobbing woman began to slowly dance accompanied by the men's laughter and
humiliating comments.

"C'mon, Mom. Shake those titties for us" George chuckled, thoroughly enjoying
the woman's complete humiliation "And wiggle that big ass of yours or we'll do a
little something to get it wiggling."

As the men laughed and her gaping teenage son watched, the unhappy woman was
forced to dance for the men, her titties shaking and her ass wiggling as
ordered.

"Damn. Lookit those big titties bounce" Chico snickered, stepping behind Melba
and adding to her humiliation by playfully slapping her bottom "I like the way
she dances for us."

"You know something?" George winked at the others "I think it would be more fun
to watch Mom dance if she had her panties down."

"Oh...Oh No...Please don't...P...Please..." Melba sobbed.

"Now that would be real nice" Ernie grinned, turning to the wide-eyed young boy
"Let's get her panties down. Hey kid. How'd you like to see your Mom's cunt?"

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez" was all the boy could whimper knowing that his Mom was now
going to get de-pantsed in front of everybody and there was nothing she could do
about it. Yet despite his fear of the three men, the teenager could not help a
stirring in his own cock at the thought of his mother getting nicely stripped
and humiliated while he watched.

"Oh Yeah. Let's see some pussy" George smiled "Let's make Mom pull down her
undie-pants for us and give us a little look-see."

"P...Please don't..." Melba pleaded tearfully "Please don't make me do that.
I...I don't want to do that. Please..."

"Go on Mom. Pull down those panties and show us what's doin' in there" Ernie
leered "Let's see some beavie."

"Oooweeee. We're gonna see some poosie" George cackled "Mom's gonna show us the
beavie."

"Oh No. P...Please No..." the poor woman whimpered pitifully "Please...Please
No..."

"I don't think Mom wants to pull down her undie-pants for us" Chico grinned
"Maybe we should bend her over and give her big ass another work-out with the
belt so she learns to do what she's told."

"Well if she don't start stripping panty for us real soon, that's what's gonna
happen" Ernie smirked "She might just need another good assie whipping so she
knows who's boss."

Terrified of another whipping like she had been given before, Melba whimpered as
she tried to cope with the inevitable reality of her situation. These awful men
were going to make her pull down her panties for them while her own teenage son
watched and she could do nothing about it.

"Go on, Mom. Pull them down" Ernie glared "Show us the curly pizza. That's what
we wanna see. I'm gonna count to ten and by the time I'm finished those panties
better be down and we better be looking at some nice poose, or else.
One...Two...."

Shutting her tear-filled eyes, poor Melba hooked her fingers in the elastic
waistband of her panties and sobbed.

"Oooweee. Mom's gonna pull down her undie-pants for us" George cackled lewdly
"We're gonna see Mom's beavie."

"Let's go Mom" Ernie glared menacingly "Get 'em down. Show us your cunt. And
give us a nice little wiggle when you do it. Let's go."

With a squeal of absolute humiliation, down went Melba's panties for everyone's
enjoyment so that her nicely plump cunny was on full display for all to see.

"Oh Jeez....Oh Jeez..." the teenage boy blubbered once again as he stared
wide-eyed at the trim triangle his mother's exposed pussy.

"Oh yeah. Would you lookit that" George grinned "Mom's showin' us her poosie. 
She got a nice plumpie one, don't she?"

"Yeah" Chico smirked "Mom's got a nice li'l beavie for us to play with. What say
we give Mom a little pussy inspection and have some fun with her?"

"P...Please...D...Don't...Please..." poor Melba sobbed with humiliation.

"Hey kid" Ernie grinned at the wide-eyed teenage boy "Ain't it nice of your Mom
to let us get her panties down so's we can have a little fun with pussy. She got
a real nice cunny, don't she?"

"Hey. Maybe the kid would like to give his Mom's pussy a feel" Chico smiled "How
about that, kid? How'd you like to give that cunny a good tickle and have a
little fun with it?"

"Oh...Oh God...No...P...Please No..." Melba whimpered "Please...Please No..."

"Get over here, kid" Ernie said to the gawking teenager "We got your Mom's
panties down so here's your chance to play with her a little."

Terrified of the three men. The boy stood and fearfully approached.

"Go on, kid" Ernie said "Reach on down there and give your Mom's pussy a feel."

"Please...Please Donnie...Don't..." Melba whimpered "Please..."

"Don't listen to her, kid" Ernie said "She just squawks a lot. Now let's see you
play with that pussy."

"Oh Jeez Mom" I got to. They're making me do it. I'm sorry Mom..."

"Ooohhh...Noooo..." Melba whinnied as her teenage son's hand went down and felt
her exposed pussy "Nooooo..."

"That's it, kid. Tickle your Mom's cunt" George chuckled "Give her a good feel.
Show her what happens when she pulls down her panties for everyone."

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." was all the boy could mutter as he was made to tickle and
play with his whimpering mother's pussy.

"Hey man" Chico leered "Let's get Mom undressed. Let's strip her all the way."

"Yeah. Let's get her nakey" George grinned "Go on, kid. Take off your Mom's
clothes. We want a real nakey show."

Although his mother's clothes were already completely disheveled with her
titties and pussy on full display, the teenage boy gulped at the idea of being
made to strip her all the way down for the three men but he knew he had no
choice in the matter. He was going to have to undress his own mother and there
was nothing he or she could do about it.

"You heard him, kid" Ernie spat "Get her clothes off and I mean now."

Poor Melba could only hang her head in shame and whimper as her own teenage son
began to undress her. As the three men chuckled and passed their lewd comments,
off came her skirt, blouse, bra and finally her panties so that she stood
sobbing and completely naked for all of them to see and enjoy. "Oooweeee. Lookit
Mom" George cackled "Nice and nakey just for us. Now we can feel her up really
good."

Laughing at the poor woman's indignity, the three men gathered around Melba and
gave her a good feel, playing with her titties, tickling her pussy and
patty-caking her big, round ass as she sobbed in helpless humiliation.

"Oh man. Mom's a really nice feel. Ain't she?" Chico snickered as he tweaked
Melba's big tittie-nipples gleefully, causing her to give little squeals for
them.

"Damn. She's got a nice pussy on her" Ernie leered as he happily tickled between
Melba's full jiggling thighs "Oh yeah. Pussy, Pussy, Pussy. That's what I like.
The juicy li'l beavie. The hot li'l fur-pie. The pussy-wussy. Oh yeah."

The teenage boy could only stand gawking as he watched the three men having
their fun with his naked, sobbing mother. Although terrified, he could not help
his own young cock from getting hard and poling out against his pants.

"Hey. Lookit that" George chuckled "The kid's got himself a hard-on watchin' us
play with his Mom."

"Oh yeah. He does. Don't he?" Ernie snickered "I got an idea. How's about a
little entertainment? Go on kid. Take off your pants. Show your Mom how hot you
get from seein' her titties and poose."

The teenage boy gasped.

"I said get those pants off, kid" Ernie spat menacingly "and I mean now."

Having no choice in the matter, the boy undid his pants and took them off,
clearly showing his stiff young cock pushing out his Jockey shorts.

"Go on, kid. The underpants too" Ernie ordered "Show your Mom what a big hard-on
you got there."

Hesitatingly, the teenage boy lowered his shorts and took them off, fully
exposing his youthful erection.

"Lookit that, Mom" Ernie leered at the sobbing woman "Your kid's got a big
hard-on from lookin' at you nakey. That's your fault lettin' us get your undies
off in front of him. Now what are you gonna do about it?"

Melba looked through tear-filled eyes at her son's stiff penis and then
pleadingly at the grinning men.

"I'll tell you what you're gonna do about it, Mom" Ernie glared at the poor
woman "You're gonna get down there and suck him off."

"Oh...Oh Please...You...You wouldn't..." Melba sobbed at the perverted idea of
doing such a thing for her own teenage son "I...I'm his mother...Please...You
wouldn't make me...make me...I...I couldn't...Oh God...Please don't...Please..."

"Get on your knees, Mom" Ernie spat "You're gonna suck that young cock and
you're gonna suck it real good. Cause if you don't I'm gonna let my friend here
bend you over and go to work on that big ass of yours and give it a whipping you
won't ever forget.

"Oh...Oh My God...No...Please don't make me do that..." poor Melba sobbed as she
helplessly sank to her knees "Please...I'm his mother...Please..."

"Oooweeee. Mom's gonna suck her kid's dick" George cackled "This is gonna be fun
to watch."

"Get over here, kid" Ernie said to the teenage boy "You're gonna feed your Mom a
nice meat and cream sandwich for dinner.

"Oh Jeez..." was all the boy could continue to say as he meekly stepped in front
of his kneeling mother, his young cock sticking straight out.

"Oh yeah. Mom's gonna do some suckie-suckie" George cackled again "Mom's gonna
get some more juice in her mouth."

"Oh...Oh please...I...I can't..." Melba sobbed miserably "He...He's my own son.
I...I'm his mother...I can't do such a thing...Please don't make me...me..."

"Go on, Mom" Ernie spat "Suck his cock. Get his cock in your mouth and suck it
up and down like a good pussy. Go on."

"Oh God...Oh Please No...Nooo..." the poor woman pleaded desperately.

"I said suck it" Ernie menaced "You better quit squawkin' and start suckin' that
stiff cock or you're really gonna get it."

"Oh...Oh God..." Melba sobbed as she haplessly leaned forward and took her son's
teenage cock in her mouth and began to suck.

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." the boy croaked as his young cock was enveloped in his
mother's warm, wet mouth "Oh Jeeeez..."

"That's it, Mom. Suck that cock" Ernie sneered "That's what we wanna see. Get
that tongue working and suck it up and down. Make him cum in your mouth." With
tears of humiliation running down her cheeks, poor Melba sucked up and down on
her son's stiff teenage cock, fearful of what would happen to her if she didn't
do as she was told.

"Oooweeee. Lookit Mom suck that cock" George chuckled "Go on, you big ass bitch.
Look up at him when you suck it. And let's hear you go 'Mmmmm."

"Mmmmmm...Mmmmmm..." went Melba, reluctantly looking up into her son's eyes as
her head bobbed up and down on his youthful penis "Mmmmmmm..."

"Yeah. That's the way to do it, Mom" Chico grinned "Now tickle his balls so's he
can have a really good cum. Go on. Do it."

"Mmmmmm...Mmmmmm..." went the terrified woman as she reached up her hand to
tickle her son's teenage balls "Mmmmmm...Mmmmmm..."

"Mom can really suck cock when she has to" Ernie chuckled, thoroughly enjoying
the poor woman's humiliation "Go on, kid. Fuck your Mom's mouth. Give it to
her."

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez...Oh Mom..." croaked the boy as he neared his climax "I'm
gonna...I'm gonna...Oh Jeez..."

"Oooweee. The kid's gonna cum in his Mom's mouth" George cackled gleefully
"Mom's gonna get a real mouthful. This is great."

"Mmmmmm...Mmmmmm..." continued poor Melba, her mind reeling at the fact that she
was being made to suck her own son's cock and that he might actually cum in her
mouth. The very thought was too impossible to cope with and she gazed up at him
with eyes that were pleading with him not to ejaculate.

"Oh Jeez...Oh Mom...I'm gonna...I'm sorry..." moaned the boy, his young cock
ready to explode "I...can't help it...Oh Jeez..."

"Go on, kid. Give her the juice" Chico leered "That's what your Mom needs. A
good mouthful of hot cum for dinner."

"Oh Jeez...Oh...Oh Jeez" croaked the boy as he went over the edge and began to
cum "Oh Jeeeeez...Jeeeeez..."

Melba gave a loud squeal and went wide-eyed as the first spurt of her son's hot
cum blasted into her unwilling mouth. She made a move to pull her head back but
Ernie quickly grasped her by the hair and firmly held her in place.

"Go on, Mom. Eat it" Ernie snickered "Suck up that juice and swallow it. Go on."

Melba began to swallow with clearly audible gulps, giving a squeal with each
spurt of hot cum that was ejaculated into her mouth as the three men laughed
with delight.

Oh Jeez....Oh Jeeeeez..." went the boy as he unleashed his full orgasm into his
poor mother's sucking mouth "Oooooohhh Jeeeeez..."

"Oh man. This kid can cum" cackled George "Mom's really getting it now. She's
getting what she deserves."

After what seemed like an almost endless orgasm, Ernie released his grip on
Melba's hair and allowed her to pull her head back. With some of her teenage
son's hot cum dripping from the corners of her mouth, the poor, humiliated woman
put her face in her hands and began to weep.

"Oh...Oh God...How could you..." she sobbed "How could you...you make me...Oh
God..."

"How was that, Mom?" Ernie chuckled "Did you enjoy your snack? Does his cum
taste really good?"

"That's quite a plump little cocksucker you got for a Mom" Chico said to the
red-faced boy "I think you should strip her down and get yourself a good
blow-job from her every day after school. Don't you?"

"Yeah" leered George "And bring some of your friends home with you. Bet they'd
like a good blow-job too."

"Oh...Oh God...You're terrible...You're monsters..." Melba sobbed "I'm...I'm his
mother...How could you...Oooohhhh..."

"Awwww. C'mon Mom. Ain't nothin' wrong with a little blow-job for the kid every
once in a while" Ernie snickered "You should do it more often. When he comes
home from school you just get your clothes and undies off, let him play with
pussy a little and then you suck his cock. Bet that would keep him off the
streets."

"Hey man" Chico smiled "Now that Mom's had her dinner, let's have some fun with
her."

"Yeah" Ernie leered "Mom's got a nice big ass. What say we get her to give us a
little assie show?"

"Ooohhh, yeah. An assie show. That's what we wanna see" George cackled
delightedly "C'mon Mom. Get on your hands and knees. You're gonna give us a
little entertainment."

"En...Entertainment? Wh...What do you...you mean..." was all poor Melba managed
to whimper before Chico grasped her by the hair and spun her roughly to her
hands and knees.

"Oooweee. Lookit that nice big keester on her" he chuckled, reaching down to pat
Melba's lewdly out-thrust bottom "Go on, Mom. Give us a wiggle."

"Oh...Oh No...Oh Please..."Melba sobbed "Please Don't...P...Please..."

"I said wiggle it, Mom" he barked "Show that boy of yours how you can shake that
nice, big ass."

"Oh Please...D...Don't...P...Please..." poor Melba sobbed.

"I think you better teach Mom a lesson" Ernie said to Chico "Teach her what
happens when she don't do what she's told."

"Wh...What...?" Melba squeaked as Chico suddenly got to his knees beside her and
roughly grabbed her around the waist "Oh...Oh No...Not That...Noooo..."

"Go on man" George cackled "Give it to her good. Teach the bitch a lesson."

"Oh No...Noooo...Please" Melba squealed, trying to helplessly wriggle from
Chico's strong grip "Don't teach me a lesson...I don't want a lesson...Oh
Please...Please..."

"Oh you're really gonna get it now, Mom" Chico grinned "You're gonna get a
spankie you'll never forget."

"Watch this, kid" Ernie said to the gawking teenage boy "You're Mom's gonna get
another spankie. I bet she's gonna wiggle it for us really good when he gets
finished with her."

"Oh No...P...Please...No...Nooooo" wailed poor Melba as Chico's hand came down
on one of her big, quivering ass cheeks with a resounding smack "OWWWWW...
OWOOOOOOO...OWWWWWW...NOOOOOOO..."

"How was that, Mom" Chico sneered as he raised his big hand "Did you like that
one? Did you?"

"Oooohhh...Nooooo...Oh Please...Noooo..." Melba whimpered as Chico's palm came
down with another brutal splat, "YOWWWWW...YOWWWWW...OH NO...
NOOOOO...OWWWWWW..."

"Give her some more" Ernie chuckled "Let Mom know who's boss. Make her squeal
like a little piggie."

"OH NO...NO MORE...PLEASE...NOOOO..." Melba whinnied as Chico's big hand came
down once more, flattening a big ass cheek nicely "WOOOOOO...OH OH
OH...WOOOOOOO..."

"Does that hurt, Mom?" Chico sneered "Does that make your big assie sting?"

"Ooooohhh...Yes...Yes...It Hurts..."sobbed Melba "Please...No More...Please..."

"Tell me, Mom" Chico said "Are you a little piggie? Are you?"

"Oooohhhh...Please...Pleeeaaase..." the poor woman sobbed.

"I don't hear you, Mom" he said, raising his big hand once again "Are you a fat
little piggie?"

"Oh...Oh Please...I...I can't...I can't...Please..."

SMACK...SPLAT...SMACK

"OWWWWWWW...OWWEEEEEEE...WEEEEEEEE..." screamed Melba, her big bottom now
twitching with pain "YES...YES...OWWWWWW...PLEASE..."

"Yes what, Mom?" Chico grinned "Come on. Tell me. Let's hear it."

"I...I'm a little piggie..." Melba sobbed "I'm a fat little piggie."

"Well now" Chico snapped "If you're a little piggie, let's hear you oink for
us."

"Oh...Oh God...Please..." poor Melba whimpered "Please don't...Please..."

SPLAT...SPLAT...SMACK

"OOOOOOOO...OOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO..." sang Melba as painful fire spread over her
tortured bottom cheeks "OINK...OINK...OWWWWWW...OINK ...OINK...OOOHHHHHH..."

"That's it, Mom. That's what we wanna hear" he chuckled "You oink for us like a
good li'l piggie. Now let's see you wiggle that ass."

"Oh...Oh God..." the poor woman sobbed as, to her humiliation, she haplessly
began to wiggle her big bottom for the men's enjoyment "Oh No...Oh
God...Ooohhh..."

"Oh yeah. That's the way, Mom. That's what we wanna see" George cackled "Give it
a good wiggle for us. Get those nice big cheekies movin'. Yeah."

"Damn. Would you look at that" Ernie grinned "Mom's givin' us an assie show. And
lookit those big titties just hangin' on down there. That's real nice."

It was true. In her humiliating position on her hands and knees, Melba's titties
hung down and swayed beneath her, making them look even larger.

"Oh man. Those titties look real nice" George leered "Maybe we should give her a
milking."

"Yeah. Go on. Do it to her" Ernie grinned "Hey Chico. Why don't you give Mom a
good tickle up the ass while George milks her off. Let's see how she likes it."

"Oh...Oh No...Please..." Melba sobbed, knowing the absolute humiliation she was
about to be subjected to "Please don't...Please..."

"C'mon, Mom" George leered at the poor woman as he kneeled in front of her and
reached beneath her to cup and fondle her hanging titties "What say we milk
these big titties and have a little fun with them."

"Oh...Don't...Please don't..." Melba sobbed then gave a squeal as Chico's big
finger slipped up between her wiggling ass cheeks and began to tickle.

"Eeeeeeek...Eeeeeeek..." went Melba, involuntarily clenching her big bottom
cheeks around Chico's lewdly invading finger "No...Don't...Eeeeeee..."

"Oh man. Mom's squeezin' my finger with her ass" Chico laughed "She likes
getting some fingie up there. Oh man. That's hot."

"Ooohhhh No...Don't" Melba squealed as Chico wormed his nasty finger further up
and began to tickle her defenseless little bottom hole "No...Don't...Nooooo...
Oooohhhhh..."

"Oh man. Lookie what I found" Chico grinned "Mom's got a nice hot little hole up
there. Oh yeah. I like that little hole. It's nice."

George now began to tug on Melba's tittie-nips as if he were milking a cow.

"C'mon, Mom. Let's see if we cant get some milk out of those nice big titties"
he chuckled as he squeezed them downwards "Now you just keep oinking like a good
li'l piggie while I milk you. Ok?"

"Ooohhh Nooooo..." poor Melba sobbed and whinnied as the two men had their fun
with her "Oink Oink...Oh God...Please Don't...Oink Oink...Oooohhh..."

"Go on man" Ernie sneered "Shove your finger up her ass and let's see how she
likes it."

"Oh...Oh No...Don't...Don't..." Melba squeaked just as Chico suddenly rammed his
big finger up her defenseless ass "EEEEEEEEEEE...YEEEEEEEEEE...NO...
NOOOOOO...EEEEEEEEEEEEE..."

"Oh man is that tight" he chuckled, slipping his finger up Melba's poor little
ass hole to the second knuckle "Tight and hot. Just the way I like my asses."

"OOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOOO...STOP...PLEASE STOP..." Melba wailed desperately as the
men laughed "OOOOOOOO...NOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO."

"Hey man" George said as he pulled on Melba's hanging breasts "I ain't getting
any milk out of these titties. I think she's gotta be preggie to have some
milk."

"Well we can take care of that" Chico snickered "Let's fuck her."

"Yeah." George smiled, tickling Melba under her chin while squeezing a big
tittie with his other hand "How about that, Mom? How about you do a little
fuckie for us?"

"Oh...Oh No...Please..." Melba whimpered as Chico slipped his finger out of her
wriggling bottom "I...I don't want to...Please..."

"Come on, Mom" Chico snickered, giving the poor woman's ass a playful smack "Get
over on your back. You're gonna get fucked and fucked good."

The teenage boy's mouth hung open. His mother was getting raped right in front
of him and there was nothing he could do to stop it. But a deep part of his mind
could not keep his young cock from stirring at the thought of what was about to
happen and he found himself with another, very stiff, hard-on.

"Hey. Lookit that" Ernie chuckled "The kid's got himself another boner. I think
he wants some too. How's about these two give us a little entertainment."

"Oooweee. Yeah" George cackled gleefully "Let's see them fuck. That'd be real
fun to watch."

"Oh...Oh No...You Don't Mean...Oh God..." Melba squealed loudly "You ...You
Wouldn't...Not That...Please Not That...Oh God...Please..."

"Damn. Mom sure does squawk a lot. Don't she?" George giggled "You'd think she
never got a fucking before."

"Yeah. She sure does put up a fuss" Chico grinned as he maneuvered the poor,
sobbing woman onto her back on the carpet "How about that, kid? How'd you like
to fuck your Mom?"

The teenage boy stood gaping and speechless, his youthful mind reeling. They
were going to make him fuck his own mother and he would have to do it. She would
have to do it. It was unbelievable.

"Go on, Mom. Get those knees up and spread those leggies" Chico ordered "Show
that boy of yours what a nice juicy cunt his Mom has."

"Oh...Oh God..." Melba sobbed as she lifted her knees and helplessly spread her
thighs apart for their enjoyment "Oh No...Not This...Nooo...Please...Nooooo."

"Come on, Mom. Spread 'em wider. Let's see that cunt" Chico menaced "Do a nice
little splitsie for us."

Melba haplessly spread her legs as widely as possible giving everyone a full
view of her embarrassed pussy from top to bottom.

"Oh man. Lookit that cunt" George cackled "Hey kid. Your Mom's got quite a pussy
on her. Don't she?"

The teenage boy gulped as he stared between his mother's widely spread legs.

"Get over there, kid" Ernie glared at the boy "You're gonna get laid. Your Mom's
gonna treat you to a good fuck."

"Oh No...No..." Melba whinnied "You wouldn't...You...You wouldn't make... make
me...make us...Oh God No...Please...I...I beg you...I'm his mother...You
wouldn't...Please...No...Please..."

"Now you just quit squawkin' Mom and keep those leggies spread nice and wide
like a good li'l piggie" Ernie grinned "You and your boy are gonna put on a
little fuckie show for us whether you want to or not."

"Oh man. Yeah" George cackled "Let's see 'em fuck. I wanna see 'em fuck. This is
gonna be great."

"Oh Jeez..." the boy muttered red-faced as he meekly came over to where his 
mother lay sobbing on the carpet, his stiff young cock standing straight out
from his body.

"Go on, kid" Ernie sneered "Get down there and kiss that hot pussy. Let's see
you warm up your Mom's cunt and get her in the mood."

"Oh...Oh God...No..." Melba blubbered as her teenage son obediently sank to his
knees between her widely spread legs and leaned forward "Oh...Donnie...Don't...
Don't do it...Please...Don't do it..."

"I...I'm sorry Mom. They're making me. I got to do it" the boy said, lowering
his face between his mother's splayed thighs "I got to...Oh Jeez."

"Oh No...Don't...Don't..." went Melba as her son pressed his lips to her fully
exposed pussy and gave it a kiss "Eeeeeee...Noooo...Noooooo...Eeeeeee..."

"Go on, kid. Lick her cunt" Chico grinned "See if you can get your Mom to make a
little juice for you."

His mind reeling at the perverted act he was being made to perform, the boy
thrust out his tongue and lapped it up between his mother's embarrassed pussy
lips.

"Noooo...Ooohhhh...Nooooooo..." Melba squealed, fearfully holding her jiggling
thighs widely apart as her son's tongue explored her cunny "Nooooo...Don't do
that...Doooon't...Noooooo...Oooohhhhh..."

"That's it, kid. Lick her pussy" Ernie snickered "Make her do a cream for you."

Melba squealed and squeaked and wriggled nicely, her titties shaking, as the
three men laughed and urged the boy on with their lewd comments.

"Go on, kid. You got her really going now" George cackled "Put your tongue up
her cunt and let's see what happens."

"Oh...Oh...Oh No...Noooooo..." Melba screeched as her son's tongue speared
directly up her cunny "Noooooo...Eeeeeeee...Nooooooo..."

"Oh man. She's gonna cream. The bitch is gonna cream" Chico laughed.

Melba began to involuntarily hump her overheated pussy up and down as her son
licked in between her widely spread thighs. Knowing that she was on the brink of
orgasm, she tried to fight it off not able to bear the humiliating thought of
actually creaming on her own son's tongue.

"Oh...Oh God...No...Please Noooo..." she whinnied as she approached the brink
"Oh...I'm...I'm going to...to...Oh No...Oh Please...Nooooo..."

"Damn. Lookit Mom shake that pussy around" George chuckled "She's one hot piece
of cunny, ain't she. This is great."

"Oooohhh...Oooohhh...No...Nooooo...Stop..." Melba whinnied as her teenage son's
tongue took it's toll and she haplessly was driven over the edge "No...Oh Please
No...Noooooo...Eeeeeeeee...Eeeeeeeee...Weeeeeeee..."

"Lookit that" Ernie laughed "The bitch is creamin' all over the place. Go on,
kid. Get your mouth over that cunt and suck on it."

The boy fearfully complied, placing his mouth over his mother's wet pussy and
sucking the warm juice out of her creaming cunt.

"Eeeeeeee...Yeeeeeeee..." went Melba, titties bouncing, as the humiliating
orgasm shook her body "Oooohhh...Oooohhh...Oh No...Noooooo...Oooohhh..."

"Ok, kid. Enough pussy sucking" Ernie said "Now get up there and fuck your Mom."

"Oh...Oh God...No...Not That...Please..." poor Melba blubbered as her son got to
his knees between her widely spread thighs, his young cock jutting out obscenely
"Oh Please...You wouldn't...You wouldn't make us...make us... Oh God No...Not
that...I'm...I'm his mother...Please don't make him...him...Oooohhh... Nooooo...
Noooooo..."

"Don't pay any attention to her, kid" Chico leered "Your Mom needs some stiff,
creaming cock up her juicy cunt and you're gonna give it to her. Go on."

"Oh...Oh No...Oh God...Please No..." Melba squealed as her son placed his cock
against her warm slit and began to slide it into her "Oh Noooo...Noooooo...Oh My
God...Oh My God...Don't...Please don't...Oooohhh...Noooooo..."

"I...I'm sorry Mom" the boy said red-faced as he slipped 4 inches of young,
stiff cock up his mother's cunny "They're making me...I...I'm sorry..."

Melba began to shriek and squeal as more and more of her son's teenage cock slid
up into her, causing the three men to laugh.

"Go on, kid. Pork her. Pork her good" Ernie chuckled "And you, Mom. Let's see
you wrap those nice plump leggies around that boy of yours and give him a really
nice wiggle."

Poor Melba gave a squeal of terrified resignation as she was forced to do as she
was told and, wrapping her legs around her son's waist, began to wiggle for the
boy's fucking pleasure.

"Oh Yeah. That's it, Mom" Chico guffawed, thoroughly enjoying the poor woman's
humiliation "Shake that botsie for him. Show him what a hot little fuck you are.
That's it. Yeah."

"Oh Jeez...Oh...Oh Jeez..." went the boy as he fucked his stiff young cock in
and out of his mother's hot, juicy-wet, clasping cunt "Oh...Oh
Jeez..Oh...Oh...Oh..."

"Oooweeee. Lookit them fuck" cackled George "These two can really go at it. Just
like a couple of rabbits."

Melba gave squeal after squeal with each good thrust of her son's teenage cock
up her unwilling cunt as the men laughed and enjoyed the perverted entertainment
but terrified of another good spanking or belt whipping on her already stinging
bottom she had no choice but to wiggle for the boy as she was told.

"Oh...Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." went the boy as he rammed his young cock up his
mother's hapless cunny "Oh Jeez...I...I'm gonna...I'm gonna...Oh Jeez..."

"Oh No...Don't...Donnie...Don't..." Melba squeaked at the horrible thought that
her own son was about to have a cum all the way up in her defenseless pussy "Oh
God...Don't do it...Please Donnie...Don't squirt...Please don't squirt in your
mother's...Your mother's...Oh God...No...Please..."

"Go on, kid. Cum in her pussy" Ernie guffawed "Pump your Mom up real good. Fill
her up with hot cum."

"No...Oh God Noooooo..." went the poor woman, knowing full well that there was
no way to prevent the inevitable "Please Donnie...Please don't...Don't squirt...
Please don't squirt...Oh God...Please..."

"I...I can't help it Mom..." went the boy, his young cock about to explode
"I...I got to...I'm sorry Mom...I got to...Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez...Oh
Jeeeeeezzzz..."

With that, the boy thrust his stiff young cock up his mother's clasping cunny as
far as it would go and began to cum in big, hot spurts.

"Eeeeeeeee...Nooooooo...Weeeeeeeee..." went poor Melba as her son's boiling cum
jetted up into her "Oh God...Oh My God...Noooooooo...Weeeeeeee..."

At that very moment, biology took over and, giving an extra loud squeal, Melba
began to cream all over her son's spurting cock.

"Oooooooo...Wooooooo...Wooooooo..." went the poor woman to her humiliation
"Oh...Oh Nooooooo...Wooooooo..."

"Oh man. Lookit these two juicin' each other off" George cackled "This is the
best fuckie show I ever saw. These two can really fuck."

When their creaming was finished, Chico pulled the young boy off his mother.
Melba now laid sobbing on the carpet with an arm over her face in utter shame
and her legs still widely spread so that the men could see the boys hot cum
dribbling from the bottom of her cunny down between her plump ass cheeks.

Oh...Oh God..." Melba whimpered, unable to cope with what had just occurred
"Oh...How could you...you...Oh My God..."

"Damn. Mom's dripping lots of cum" Ernie laughed "You really gave her a cunny
full, kid"

"I...I'm sorry Mom" was all the boy could say as he stood sheepishly, his young
cock glistening with his mother's cunny juice "I...I couldn't help it...I...I'm
sorry."

"Well. As long as Mom is putting out" Chico leered, undoing his pants "I'm gonna
get me some too."

"Look what I got for you, Mom" he grinned, dropping his pants and shorts to
reveal his huge cock in full erection "How'd you like some of that, Mom?"

Melba took one look at the huge, stiff penis. Her eyes went wide with anguish
and she clamped her legs together defensively.

"Oh...Oh No...Please don't...Please..." she blubbered as Chico approached "I...I
don't want to...It...It's too big...Please don't...Oh God...Please..."

"Watch this, kid" Chico smiled at the boy "Your Mom's gonna get a real good
reaming now. She's gonna be screaming and wiggling like crazy."

"Hey man" Ernie said to George "Let's help Mom get her leggies nice and wide
so's she can get fucked."

"Oh No...Please No...Nooooo..." the poor woman screeched as Ernie and George
each grabbed a leg and spread them back and wide.

"Go on, man" Ernie said to Chico "Mom's ready for her fucking. Teach her a
lesson."

"Mom sure does squawk a lot when she's about to get the sausage" Chico laughed,
positioning himself between Melba's open, shaking thighs "Well let's give her
something to squawk about."

Chico rubbed the head of his penis up and down Melba's frightened pussy then
suddenly sent 7 inches of stiff, hot cock directly up into her.

"Eeeeeeek...Eeeeeeeek...Eeeeeeeee..."went Melba as she was skewered on Chico's
thick cock "Nooooo...Nooooooo...Eeeeeeee..."

 Ernie and George laughed and held the poor woman's legs widely apart as Chico
began to stroke his cock in and out.

"Go on, Mom. Wiggle that big ass for me" he snarled at the screeching woman
"Show everyone what a nice, plump, juicy fuck you are. Go on. Wiggle it." Melba
began to haplessly wiggle for the big man, squealing and squeaking, her eyes
wide open as the big cock reamed her in and out.

"Oh Yeah. Mom's really getting it now" George laughed "Go on, man. Give it to
the bitch. Fuck her silly. Show her who's boss."

The teenage boy watched slack-jawed as his mother was raped by the big man.

"How 'bout that, kid?" Ernie grinned at the boy "Do you like watching your Mom
getting fucked? She's one hot piece of tuna, ain't she? Lookit how those big
titties shake when she gets it. And she screams really nice. Don't she?"

"Oh man. Mom likes that big cock. Don't she? George cackled "Listen to her sing.
That's it, Mom. Sing for us. Let's hear it."

Poor Melba did not disappoint them, crying and pleading and shrieking loudly
each time Chico sent his big, stiff cock ramming up into her.

"Oh Yeah. I'm gonna cum" Chico moaned as his orgasm approached "I'm gonna fill
this fat li'l piggie full of hot juice. Oh Yeah. I'm gonna fill her up good."

Melba gave a loud shriek as the first huge spurt of Chico's steaming hot cum
jetted all the way up into her and continued to squeal and screech loudly as
each boiling blast was pumped up her defenseless cunt.

"Eeeeeeee...Eeeeeeee...Yeeeeeee..." sang poor Melba as she was filled to
brimming with hot cock juice "Weeeeeee...Weeeeeee...Eeeeeeee..."

When his orgasm was finished, Chico pulled his glistening cock out and Melba
again lay sobbing on her back with her legs widely spread and hot cum dripping
out of her well-raped pussy.

"Oh yeah. This fat li'l piggie sure is a great fuck" he grinned "I think I put
enough cum up there to give her triplets."

"C'mon. Get Mom up on her knees" Ernie said "I need my cock sucked."

Melba gave a nice screech when Chico grasped her roughly by her hair and forced
her up onto her knees in front of Ernie.

"Oh P...Please...Please..." the poor woman blubbered as Ernie unzipped his
pants.

"I got some thing for you, Mom" Ernie grinned "Something big and juicy for you
to suck on."

"Oh Nooooo...Please Nooooo..." Melba sobbed as Ernie took out his stiff cock and
showed it to her "Please...I...I don't want to...Please..."

"There, Mom. Isn't that a nice cock?" he leered down at the sobbing woman "Come
on now. Open up your mouth so I can feed you some more dinner."

Melba whimpered and stared in despair at the stiff cock in front of her.

"Come on, Mom" he ordered "Open up that nice mouthie so I can fuck it a little.
I got lots of hot cum here just for you."

The poor, terrified woman helplessly opened her mouth and in went the third cock
of the evening.

"Hey, kid" George grinned at the boy "Looks like your Mom's got herself another
mouthful. She sure does like to suck cock."

"Yeah, kid" Chico laughed "I think she's gonna get another mouthful of hot cream
for dinner. She's getting filled up at both ends."

"Come on now, Mom" Ernie said "Suck my cock. You suck it like a good li'l piggie
or you're gonna go over my knees for another lesson in manners."

Giving a squeal of humiliation and despair, the poor woman began to suck up and
down on the stiff cock as the men laughed.

"That's it, Mom. Suck my cock" Ernie menaced "And I want to feel plenty of
tongue so I can have me a really good cum in there."

Ernie grasped Melba by the hair and began to pull her head back and forth on his
overheated penis, fucking her helpless mouth lewdly.

"Oh Yeah. Suck it, Mom" he barked down at the sobbing woman "Suck it good. Make
me cum."

Melba was made to suck up and down on the hot penis for what seemed like an
eternity, knowing that at any moment her mouth would be filled with his obscene
hot cum and she would be made to swallow it all.

"Oh Yeah...Oh Yeah...Suck It..." Ernie panted, his cock ready to explode "I'm
Gonna Cum...Oh Yeah...I'm Gonna Cum..."

Melba gave a loud squeal when the first spurt of hot cum hit the back of her
throat and she swallowed it with a loud gulp just an instant before a second
huge spurt was pumped in.  Her eyes went wide at the sheer volume of cum being
ejaculated into her mouth. She tried desperately to swallow it all but it seemed
like the orgasm would never stop and a goodly amount of cum began to drip from
the corners of her mouth and on to her big, shaking titties.

When Ernie's huge orgasm finally finished, he slipped his wet cock out of
Melba's mouth and waved it obscenely in her tear-streaked face.

"Come on, Mom "he leered down at the sobbing woman "Lick it clean like a good
li'l piggie.

The men laughed as poor Melba was made to use her tongue all over Ernie's cock
and balls.

"Now how's about a little something for me, Mom" George grinned "Don't I get a
little nookie too?"

"Oh...P...Please...No More...Please..." Melba whimpered as she swallowed down
the last of Ernie's cum "Please..."

"Awwww. Come on, Mom. Just a little nookie-wookie for me too. That's what I
want" George smiled "Now you just be a good little piggie and get on your hands
and knees."

"But...But I...I..." Melba blubbered in tears.

"I said on you hands and knees, Mom" George menaced "I want me a little
something special. Now do it."

Terrified and sobbing, the poor woman did as she was told.

"Oh yeah" Chico laughed "I like Mom on her hands and knees. I like the way her
titties hang down and her big ass sticks right out there."

"Oh My. That's quite an ass you got there, Mom" George snickered, reaching down
to patty-cake her big, out-thrust bottom playfully to make her cheeks jiggle "I
like that big ass. I really do. Come on now. Wiggle it for me."

"Oh...Oh please...Please...I...I..." was all Melba had the chance to blubber
before George delivered a sharp smack to a quivering bottom cheek.

"I said wiggle it, Mom" George snapped "And let's hear those nice piggie oinks."

"Oooohhh...Oink...Oink..." went the terrified and humiliated woman as she
obediently began to wiggle her big bottom for the men's enjoyment
"Oink...Oink..."

Now that's a good little piggie" George chuckled, getting to his knees behind
the sobbing Melba "How about that, kid. Ain't your Mom a good little piggie?
Look how nice she wiggles her big ass for everybody."

The teenage boy could only gawk as his mother was put through the continuing
humiliation but, once again, he could not stop his young cock from starting to
twitch and rise.

"Now let's see what we have here" George said as he patted Melba's nicely
wiggling bottom then extended a finger and lewdly tickled it up between her
defenseless cheeks.

"Eeeeeek" went Melba, clenching her bottom cheeks around the invading finger as
it tickled it's way up "Eeeeeek...No...Stop...Don't do that...Eeeeeek..."

"Well, Well. Lookie what I found up Mom's ass" he chuckled "A nice tight little
hole. Oh, Mom. That certainly is a nice little hole you got up there. Now let's
just tickle it and have a little fun with it. Shall we?"

"Eeeeeee...Nooooo..." Melba squeaked as George tickled and the men had a good
laugh "Nooooo...Don't...Please don't...Noooooo...Eeeeeeee..."

"Oooohhh. Nice. Nice." George chuckled "Guess what I'm gonna do, Mom. I'm gonna
fuck you up the ass. Won't that be nice?"

"Wh...Wha...What?" Melba piped in shock "Oh...Oh No...Not that...Oh...Please not
that...Oh God...Not that...Nooooo..."

"Oh Yeah" Chico laughed "Pork Mom up the ass and let's see how she likes it."

"Oh God...Oh God...You...You wouldn't..." Melba squealed in protest "Oh Please
no...I...I never...never...Oh Please...Noooooo..."

"Hey, kid" Ernie grinned at the gaping boy "Looks like your Mom's gonna get it
up the ass. Won't that be fun to watch? She's really gonna learn her lesson
now."

Poor Melba sobbed and wriggled as George reached under her with his free hand to
cup and squeeze a large, hanging tittie.

"You know something?" he grinned at the others "I think Mom never had a stiff
cock up that big assie of hers. I'm gonna be the first guy to fuck it."

"Oh No...Nooooo..." Melba wailed in helpless despair "I...I don't want
to...Please don't...I don't want to..."

"Awwww. What's the matter, Mom" George chuckled "Nobody ever got your panties
down and gave it a fuck? And such a nice big, juicy ass it is too. What a pity."

The other men laughed at Melba's anguished sobs and pleading.

"Oh man. I love the way Mom squawks" George leered, fondling the big tittie and
continuing to tickle up between her bottom cheeks "That makes it so much more
fun. I like it when they squeal a lot."

"Well. She sure does squeal and squawk. Don't she?" Chico grinned "I bet that
assie of hers is gonna be nice and tight."

"Mmmmmm. Yeah" George chuckled "This is gonna be fun. Real fun."

George took his finger out of Melba's writhing bottom and patted it.

"Now, Mom" he leered "What say I give you a little spankie?"

"Wh...What..." Melba whinnied "Oh No...Please...Don't spank me again...Please
don't spank...Pleeeeaaaase..."

"Ahhhh. Come on, Mom" he chuckled at the anguished, sobbing woman "Just a little
spankie-wankie. Just to see your big assie bounce and get you in the mood."

"Yeah man" Ernie grinned "Give Mom some good whacks. Let's see her ass bounce."

"Noooo...Don't spank...Please don't spank..." Melba whinnied in tears.

"Are you ready, Mom?" George said, raising his hand up high in preparation for
the fun to come "Are you ready for some good ones?"

"Oh No...I'm not ready...Oh God...Please No...Nooooo..." went poor Melba as the
punishing hand came down with a vicious 'Thwack', flattening a big ass cheek
nicely "YOWWWWWW...YOWEEEEEE...NO...NOOOOO...OWWWEEEEE..."

"Oh Man. That was a good one. That really got Mom's attention" Ernie laughed
"Listen to her sing."

"Oh Yeah. Mom sings real nice when she gets it" George chuckled, raising his
hand again "Here comes another one, Mom. Ready?"

"Oooohhh...Nooooo...I don't want another one...Please...Don't give me another
one...Pleeeaase..." poor Melba pleaded as the brutal palm came down and
connected "WOOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOOO...OWWWOOOOOO..."

"Oh Man. Lookit that big assie bounce" Chico laughed as Melba's bottom cheeks
achieved a lovely pink "Mom can really shake her ass. Can't she?"

"Oh No...Noooooo..." Melba whinnied as the three men had a good laugh and her
teenage son watched slack-jawed "No more...Please...No more...Oooohhhhh..."

"Awwwww. Come on, Mom. This is fun" George cackled, raising his hand "Just a few
more good ones to really get you goin'."

"No...No good ones...Please...No good ones..." the poor woman pleaded pitifully
as the punishing palm came down once again with a brutal 'Smack' sending her big
stinging bottom into high gear "WOOOOOOO...WOOOOOO...WOWOOOOO..."

"Hey, kid" Ernie grinned at the teenage boy "Looks like your Mom's ass is
getting nice and rosy. Nothin' like a good beating to teach your Mom who's
boss."

George gleefully smacked away with all his might at the poor woman's painful
bottom getting her to scream and whimper for everyone's enjoyment. He then
slipped his finger up between her wriggling ass cheeks and began to tickle.

"Now how's about I have me some of this, Mom "he chuckled as he tickled the
squealing Melba's defenseless little bottom hole "I just can't wait to get my
dick up that big, wiggly ass of yours and give it a really good fuck."

Poor Melba could only sob and snivel, knowing that she was going to be made to
submit to the humiliating act and anything else these perverts might want her to
do. She could only pray that this nightmare would be over soon and that she and
her son wouldn't be hurt too badly.

"Hey. I think you guys better hold onto the juicy bitch" George said to the
other two "Mom's gonna be bouncing around pretty good when I get my dick up her
ass."

"Noooo...Noooooo..." Melba squealed as the laughing men got down beside her,
Chico grasping one of her legs and twisting a hand in her hair. Ernie got on the
other side of her and grasped the sobbing woman's other leg using his free hand
to fondle her big hanging titties.

"Hold her tight" George chuckled, lowering his pants to reveal his stiff,
jutting penis "Mom's gonna jump."

"Oh Please...Nooooo...Don't...Don't...Pleeeeaaase..." Melba wailed as she felt
the  man's cock slip up between her jiggling bottom cheeks and touch her
defenseless little hole "Oh...Please...I...I never...Never...Oh
God...Don't...Please Don't..."

"Here it comes, Mom" George cackled, suddenly arching his hips forward and
sending the first three inches stiff cock directly up her cringing, virgin
bottom.

"EEEEEEEE...EEEEEEEE...YEEEEEEE..." went poor Melba, her tender little bottom
hole stretching to accept the man's overheated cock "NOOOOOOO...NOOOOOOO..."

"Oh Man. Is that tight" George snickered "Tight and hot. Now let's put a little
more cock up there and see how Mom likes it."

"OH NOOOOOO...Don't put more...NOOOOOOO..." Melba shrieked as more inches of
randy cock slipped up into her "WOOOOOOO...NOOOO...NOOOOO...WOOOOOOO..."

"Yeah man. Give it to her" Chico grinned, thoroughly enjoying Melba's screams 
"Give her what she deserves. Fuck her good."

"How about that, kid?" Ernie said to the gawking teenager "Your Mom's getting it
up the ass. Ain't that great?

"OOOOOHHH...OOOOOHHH...WOOOOOOO..." went poor Melba as George began to stroke
six full inches of hot penis in and out of her tight little bottom hole,
stretching her nicely  "OH GOD...OH GOD...NOOOOO...WOOOOOOOO..."

"Come on, Mom. Wiggle that big ass for me" George sneered "You wiggle it around
really good and maybe we won't spank it again."

"OOOOHHHH...OOOOHHHH..." keened the poor woman as she haplessly and to her great
humiliation began to wiggle her big bottom for the awful man's pleasure.

"That's it, Mom" he leered "Wiggle it nice for me like a good little piggie.
Yeah. That's what I like. And let's hear those piggie little oinks. I like that
too."

"OOOOHHHH...OINK...OINK...OOOOHHHH..." went Melba fearfully, held solid by the
two men as the stiff cock fucked up into her  "WOWWWWW...OINK OINK...OH NO...
NO...OINK...OINK...WOWWEEEEE...EEEEEEEEE...OH GOD...WOWWEEEEE..."

"Oh Man. This bitch is the best ass fuck I ever had" George muttered as he
fucked his cock in and out of the screeching, wiggling, oinking woman "That
tight little assie hole of hers is really sucking on my cock. I'm gonna fill
this fat little piggie up with lots of hot cum."

Melba screeched and squealed and cried for the laughing men's enjoyment as the
unremitting cock fucked her in and out, sometimes nearly lifting her off the
floor with it's powerful forward thrusts.

"Oh Yeah. I'm gonna cum" George cackled "I'm gonna cum up her ass. Oh Yeah"

Poor Melba gave an exceptionally loud squeal as the terrible man thrust forward
and the first blast of scalding hot cum went shooting up into the deepest
recesses of her well-fucked rectum.

"EEEEEEEEE...WEEEEEEEE...WEEEEEEEE..." she shrieked as blast after blast of hot
cum zipped up into her "NOOOOOOO...NOOOOOOO... WEEEEEEE..."

"That's it, bitch. Take my cum" George cackled as he released his immense load
up into the shrieking woman "Take my cum up your big ass. Oooohhh
Yeah...Yeah..."

With a good length of the man's spurting cock planted firmly up her unwilling
bottom hole, poor Melba shrieked, squealed, squeaked, and wriggled helplessly as
he continued to pump his hot cum directly up into her. When her lewd ass fucking
finally finished, George slipped his cock out of her with an embarrassing squish
and Melba collapsed on the floor in bitter sobs.

"Get back on your hands and knees you lazy bitch" Chico snarled, grabbing the
poor woman around her waist and easily hauling her up into the position "We
wanna have a little look-see up that big ass of yours."

Chico reached down and, grasping a plump bottom cheek in each large hand, pulled
them apart so that they all could see the cum dripping out of her well-fucked
little ass hole.

"Damn. Lookit that assie hole drip" he laughed "You really filled her up good."

"I think we all filled her up good" Ernie chuckled "I don't think Mom's ever had
so much cum pumped up her holes. She's a great little fuck. Ain't she?"

"Let's go, Mom. On your feet" Chico sneered, grasping the squealing, sobbing
woman by her hair and painfully dragging her up.

"Oh Please...No...No more...Please..." Melba sobbed "No...No more..."

"C'mon, Mom. How's about another little dance for us?" he snarled "Who wants to
see Mom do a dance?"

"Oh...P...Please...Please..." Melba whimpered in abject humiliation.

"Yeah. Give us a little dance, Mom" George cackled "Give us a hot little show."

Terrified, poor Melba tried weakly to dance for the men.

"Come on, Fatty. You call that a dance?" Chico barked "Let's see those titties
bounce and that ass wiggle. Do it."

With tears running down her cheeks, the exhausted Melba began to dance but did
not have the energy.

"Looks like Mom's a little tired" Ernie grinned "Maybe we should do something to
wake her up."

"Yeah. And I know just the thing to perk her up and get her attention" Chico
snickered "Get the fat little bitch over that table there and hold her down
good.

"OH...OH NO...WH...WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO" Melba shrieked at the top of her
lungs as Ernie and George dragged her to the table and bent her over it
"OH...YOU'RE NOT GOING TO...TO...OH GOD...NO...PLEASE NOOO..."

Chico took his black leather belt and snapped it menacingly as he approached the
shrieking, writhing woman, his eyes on her big, round, out-thrust bottom.

"NOOOOO...NOT THE BELT..." screeched Melba, looking back over her shoulder with
terrified eyes at the sadistically grinning Chico "OH GOD...OH MY
GOD...NOOOOO...I'LL DANCE...I'LL DANCE...PLEASE NOOOOO..."

"Oh you'll dance alright, you fatty little whore" Chico glared at the panicked
woman "You're gonna do the boogie-woogie on the end of my belt and learn to be a
good li'l piggie that does what she's told."

"Go on, man" George cackled gleefully "Give it to her. Make her scream."

"With his eyes fixed on his plump, wriggling target, Chico brought the evil belt
back and swung it forward.

"THWACK"

"YOWWWWWW...YOWWWEEEEE...YOWWWEEEE..." screamed Melba at the top of her lungs as
pain shot through her big, tortured bottom "NOOOOO... OH GOD...OH
GOD...NOOOOO...WOOOOOOO..."

"Looks like Mom here is perking up really good" Ernie chuckled "I think you're
getting her attention. I like it when Mom is nice and lively."

"Yeah man. Pop that big ass of hers" George laughed, helping to hold down the
poor screeching woman "Put some real fire in that big bootie."

"THWOCK"

"WOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO...WEEEEEEE..." came Melba's enthusiastic and very musical
response as the belt connected brutally to her other bottom cheek "OWWW
...OWWW...OWWWEEEEE...NOOOO...NOOOOOOO... OWWWEEEE..."

"SPLAT...SPLAT"

"EEEEEEEEE...EEEEEEEEE...WEEEEEEEEE..." sang Melba, hopping from foot to foot in
agony as the leather belt took it's toll" WEEEEEEEE...NO...NO...
NOOOOOO...WEEEEEEEE..."

"SMACK...THWACK...SPLAT" came the belt repeatedly across the screaming woman's
fire-filled bottom cheeks as she danced and wriggled for everyone's laughing
enjoyment.

"Ok, man" Ernie said "Now it's my turn."

"OH...OH NO...NO TURNS...PLEASE...NO TURNS..." Melba screeched in panic, evoking
a good belly laugh from the sadistic men.

"Come on, Mom" Ernie chuckled, grasping Melba's hair and pulling her up "You're
going over my lap for a good pasting."

Sobbing and pleading, the poor woman was dragged to the sofa and pulled down
over Ernie's lap, her big, pink bottom cheeks thrust up nicely.

"Now let's just dust you off a little, Mom" Ernie chuckled, raising his arm up
high and bringing it down with a mighty 'THWACK'.

"EEEEEEEEE...YEEEEEEEE...WEEEEEEEE..." went Melba as her bottom cheeks caught
fire "WOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOO...NO...NOOOOO...OH MY GOD...OH MY
GOD...NOOOOOOO...WOOOOOOOO..."

"SMACK...SPLAT...THWACK...SPLAT...SMACK" came the relentless blows as Melba's
poor bottom went into high gear and she shrieked and screamed with great
enthusiasm.

Hey man" George leered "Lookit that. The kid's got himself another big hard-on
watchin' his Mom get her ass whupped."

"Yeah. The bitch keeps giving everyone hard-ons" Chico snickered "Get Mom over
there so she can take care of the kid's dick."

Sobbing bitterly and her bottom filled with pain as a reminder of what she would
get if she didn't obey, Melba was pushed from Ernie's lap and made to crawl over
to her teenage son.

"Go on, Mom. Suck him off again" Chico menaced, still holding the belt "Get his
dick in your mouth and do what you do best."

"Oh no...Noooo..." Melba whimpered, knowing full well that her hapless protests
would do no good "Please...Not...Not again...Please..."

"I said suck that cock you big ass bitch" Chico menaced, snapping his belt "You
suck him off real good or you know what you'll get."

With a squeal of terror, Melba took her son's teenage cock in her mouth and
began to suck on it.

"That's it, Mom. Suck his cock" George chuckled "Suck it all the way. We wanna
see him have a really good cum in your juicy mouth.  Use that tongue and let's
hear you go 'Mmmmmm'".

"Oh Jeez...Oh Jeez..." went the boy as his squealing mother sucked up and down
on his stiff young penis "Oh...Oh...Oh Jeez..."

"Mmmmm...Mmmmm...Mmmmm..." intoned poor Melba with embarrassment as the three
men laughed and urged her on with their impossibly lewd comments and her teenage
son reached his climax "Mmmmm...Mmmmm..."

Melba's eyes went wide and she gave a squeak as her son began to cum in her
mouth in hot spurts that she had no choice but to swallow with clearly audible
gulps that delighted the laughing men.

"Mmmmm...Mmmmm...Gulp...Mmmmm...Gulp..." came the sounds of the poor woman's
humiliation as the cum was pumped into her mouth in huge, hot spurts
"Mmmmm...Gulp...Mmmm...Mmmmm..."

When her teenage son's climax was finished and she had been made to lick his
young cock and balls clean, Melba once again put her face in her hands and
sobbed with shame.

"Well now, Mom" Chico grinned "You've had quite an evening of fucking and
sucking. Haven't you? You certainly are a fat little whore. Aren't you?"

"Oh God...No...No more...Please no more..." Melba sobbed in misery.

"Now here's what's gonna happen, Mom" Ernie said "Me and my friends are gonna
wait here till the morning and then you're gonna go out and get us the money the
kid owes us. I don't care how you get it. Go down to the schoolyard and give the
kids blow-jobs for all I care, but you're gonna get it.  'Cause if you don't
we're all gonna have another night of fun and this time we're gonna invite some
friends."

"That's right, bitch" Chico glared "We'll just charge them for fucks and sucks
and whippings and get our money that way. We know about 20 guys that would just
love to have some fun with a big tittie, big ass, fatty like you."

"Oh God...Oh My God..." was all the poor woman could blubber.

"Get your clothes off, kid" Ernie said to the boy "You and your Mom are going to
bed."

When the teenager was undressed, he and his mother were led to his room and made
to lie on his bed. So narrow was the bed that it was impossible for them to both
lie on it without pressing up against one another.

"Now you two can get some sleep" Ernie said "But we're gonna be right outside so
you better stay on the bed and don't get off, or else. And I think you know what
I mean by 'or else'."

Melba sobbed as she lay facing the wall with her son pressed up behind her.

"Now here's the other thing, Mom" Ernie said "If the kid gets a hard-on you
better take care of it. If we come in here and the kid's got a hard-on and it
ain't in your mouth, you're coming outside for another good whipping. And we
don't want to see any cum stains on the sheets, Mom. You know where the cum has
to go. Don't you? And keep the lights on."

Ernie closed the door and left the terrified mother and son alone.

"Oh man" George chuckled as the three of them headed for the door "This is gonna
be the best joke ever."

"Yeah" Chico laughingly whispered "She's scared shitless. There's gonna be
plenty going on in there after we leave."

Quietly chuckling, the three men left the house.

In the bedroom, Melba and her teenage son had no idea that the terrible men had
gone and in a short while the boy's young cock began to rise from pressing up
against his mother's bottom.

"Oh Jeez, Mom" he said "I'm getting one. It's getting hard again."

"Oh no...Please Donnie...Don't get one...Please..."

"I...I can't help it, Mom" the boy said apologetically "I can't help it."

Melba reached behind her and felt her son's cock to confirm what she already
knew was true, that the boy had a huge erection.

"Oh God..." she whimpered "Make it go down...Can't you make it go down?"

"I...I can't, Mom" he said, his mother's fingers around his young cock not
helping the situation at all "I really can't. I'm...I'm sorry."

Terrified of what would happen to her if the men she still believed to be in the
other room came in and saw the boy's erection, Melba gave a squeal of
resignation, got down, took the boys cock in her mouth and began to suck it.

After a fuck and two previous blow-jobs, the boy lasted a surprisingly long time
before he climaxed and came in his mother's mouth. Melba fearfully swallowed all
the boy's hot cum and was very careful to lick up all the remainder to prevent
any getting on the sheets.

This happened twice again during the night as a fifteen year old boy's hormones
know virtually no limit and each time poor Melba had to suck him off and lick
him clean.

In the morning and after hearing no sounds from the other room, the boy took the
chance to get up from behind his sleeping mother and have a look. Seeing that
the men had gone, he returned but he had yet another erection jutting out in
front of him.

He was about to wake his mother to tell her all was clear but paused, thinking.
He did have a hard-on and who knew when he would ever get another blow-job.

"Mom" he whispered, shaking her shoulder to rouse her.

"Wh...What..." Melba said, opening her eyes "Oh no...Not again...Not another
one."

"I can't help it, Mom" the boy said "I...I'm sorry...I really can't."



Comments appreciated: lennotes@megatropic.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Coyote


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





