BDSM Library - Fit Family




Fit Family
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She had beauty, she had a lovely home, she had a loving husband who did business trips to keep them very rich, she was fit, she had very fit young daughters, she had two of the worst low-lifes come and visit.
ANOTHER STORY BY PAGAN

FIT FAMILY.


  "Get the fuck off my land you useless pair of shits"the two tramps woke with a
start blinked twice before looking at the four men stood over them.The one who
had done the shouting was holding a pick axe handle so was the one behind but
the other two had shot-guns,the tramps looked at each other and slowly got
up,"We are going just put the guns away,we only wanted to kip for an hour or
so,ain`t done no harm".The farmer was in no mood to chat,"Just fuck off,now",the
tramps moved around them, out of the barn and off  down the road.

Jed and Alan had been in and out of prison for most of their forty seven years,
just wasters,stole what they could to live on and slept any-where they
found,they gave pigs a good name,getting beer and food was more important than
washing,they were the scum of the earth.

They had walked a good twenty miles and it was about three in the afternoon when
Jed wanted a shit,the pair of them pushed through a fence and in to a small wood
Jed squatted while Alan moved away from the smell

he went to the other side and stood looking,he never moved as Jed joined
him,"What you looking at",Alan never moved just said,"Keep your voice down and
looky there".

Just  a few yards away was a magnificent house and grounds,a two car garage,
long lawns with an ornamental fountain, at the bottom of the garden nestling in
some trees was a small summer house with veranda,there were posts for volley
ball or short tennis,a round swimming pool,and as for the house it was just big
and obviously new.What had taken Alan's eye was the two girls playing by the
pool,he turned to Jed,"Little poppets arn`t they,I bet around 14,15,bet they
ain`t been broken in yet,bet their snug and tight,bet they taste real good"just
then the door at the side of the garage opened and a man went in,the two tramps
waited,the sound of a car starting and the whine of electric garage doors
disrupted the country sounds.

The big Rolls drove out and stopped as a woman came towards it,she shouted to
the girls,"Dads going come say good-bye",the two tramps gazed on a wonderful
sight.The woman would be in her mid thirties,her flaxen hair bobbed on her
shoulders as she walked, her fantastic body was covered by a thigh length white
leotard,that showed every curve in her fit full body,she was gorges.The girls
ran to join her,two younger versions of her and just as perfect.

She looked at the man,"You got everything darling",Jed whispered,"He sure
has",she held the girls as he bent to kiss them,"You be good,promise me you`ll
look after mum while you enjoy the holidays"they smiled at him,"Now darling,the
telephone people say they hope to fit us up soon,which will get us back to the
outside world,"She was about to speak,"I know I'm sorry we live in a no
reception for mobiles zone but they say there will be a relay by the end of the
year,if there's a problem go to the village and use the public one,I just hope
it will be the same time as I`m free,and you know the alarm code",she put her
arms around him,"Yes,Yes,1920-46 will disarm and 46-0291 will re-arm,I do know
it and so do the girls,oh darling I wish you did`nt have to go",he kissed the
top of her head,"Bianca I don`t want to leave,you`ll be all right besides your
sister`s coming tomorrow lunch time and she will stay as long as you need her
too",he looked at the girls,"Your looking forward to your cousin Anita coming
with her mum arn`t you",they nodded,"Any-way lets hope I`m back in three days
not three weeks as they predicted,it`s a good deal,it will pay for this house
with your gym and all the other luxuries your intending to fit,I don`t know,
they only finished it four months ago and you already want to change it,all
these fitness things I must have a family getting ready for the Olympics.Now you
all give me a kiss and I`ll be off,they won`t keep Concord waiting and I`m late
already",they all kissed and he got into the Rolls and drove off,Jed and Alan
mockingly waved at the same time as the women.

Jed sucked on his teeth,"You reckon they got something better than  a cheese
sandwich in there",Alan nodded,"You reckon they got a glass or two",Alan carried
on nodding,"You reckon it`s a crying shame that a good looking woman with a hell
of a body should be alone for some time",Alan grinned as he nodded,"You reckon
that two youngens need an educational weekend",Alan stopped nodding and said,"Oh
yes".

As the tramps watched the two girls moving to return to the pool,but their
mother stopped them,"It`s getting cool come in now",but the two girls were not
listening,"Oh mummy it`s a lovely afternoon we want to stay out",the beautiful
woman looked at them,"You can stay out only if you change from your swim-wear to
something sensible,understand", the two girls smiled,one said,"Come on Jade lets
get our sports gear and use the net",they ran in-doors.

The two of them watched the woman's ass as she went to the pool and bent over to
pick up the towels,Alan breathed,"Don`t point that ass at me lady,you don`t know
what your doing to my cock",she picked up the rest of the girls things and
walked back,her full breasts moved slowly under the leotard,their eyes travaled
down over her flat stomach to the out-line of her firm thighs,in between them
was the perfect buldge of her venus mound.As she reached the door the two girls
came out,Jed swallowed,"Fucking hell".The two girls were dressed in a short blue
crop top showing pert young breasts and the short skirts were split up the sides
showing their little blue lycra shorts underneth,they passed her,"We are going
to play volley ball and then go to the summer house," she shouted after
them,"Jade,Lauren, I`m going to work out in the gym and then take a sun-bed
before a shower,you`ve got about two hours then your in for
supper,understand",they shouted ,"Yes", as they picked up the ball".

The two men slowly and quietly made their way down the fence until they saw a
small fallen tree,they lifted it around until they could rest it on the fence
then slipped up it and over in to the garden.Unseen they worked their way down
to the summer house and in.It was all wood,two beams went from floor up and 
held the roof truss`s in place,a long sofa bed was in between also there was a T
V, a table and chairs,the ceiling had large hooks for two hammocks and hanging
flower arrangements.Their eyes found a box of bedding and they set too cutting
the sheets into strips.

They were ready a good ten minutes before the girls stopped playing at the net
and started to walk down towards them,they smiled at each other as they watched
the two young beauties chatting to each other as they got closer,totally unaware
of their presents, they stepped up on to the veranda and in through the door.

Alan grabbed Lauren and spun her round pulling her to him as he pressed the tip
of the knife in to her soft throat,"Make a sound or try to run and this knife
goes in your sisters throat",Jade stood and stared,Jed moved behind her and
locked the door.Jade was suddenly grabbed by the hair and dragged back into
Jed's arm,"Good girl do as your told and no-one gets hurt,now put your hands
behind you",she still didn`t move until a sharp tug on her hair told her she had
no other option and she slowly put her hands behind her back.Jed was quick with
the strips of sheeting and her wrists were soon bound tightly,next he tied her
elbows then he whispered in her ear,"Open wide",four knots,one on top of another
were soon stuffed in Jades mouth and fastened in by wrapping the rest of the
material around her head,he pushed her forward and down on to the sofa before
they both started on Lauren.

Her wrists were tied and Jed looked at the deep cleavage of her smooth fine
young breasts as her elbow binding forced them forward,then the knotted cloth in
her mouth rendered her as helpless as Jade.

Alan pulled Jade up and the two men sat on the sofa,they looked at the girls and
patted their knee,"Come and sit on our knees",the two girls froze in
horror,"Come on, you don`t want me to get up and fetch you,you won`t like it if
I do",the girls crept forward,Alan and Jed watched as they came with in range
and then took their arms and pulled them down to be sitting on each of them,the
two men smiled at each other as they put their arms around the girls shoulders
and pulled the terrified sisters down to lay on the chests.

Jade was sat on Alan while Lauren sat with Jed,both girls stared at each
other,Jed could see that,"Which of you two is the prettiest,a, tell me, is it
you or her",Lauren did`nt know what to do,"O K nod if it`s you",Lauren shook her
head",Oh nice,a modest little beauty,O K which one of you has the bigger
tit`s",tears formed in her eyes and she looked down,"Don`t you know,are you
trying to check,here let me help you",his right hand slid on to her naked
stomach and pushed the crop top up.He hooked his finger round and pulled it out
and over her firm breasts,"Oh they are nice",he leered at her,"You won`t mind if
I just check them for firmness,then we must compare them with the pretty one
over there",Jade wiggled and tried to get away but she was no match for
Alan,"Sit still, it will be your turn to display your little beauties soon".Jed
smiled at his mate as his fingers pulled at the nipples making Lauren
squirm,moan and shed more tears,he grabbed at them squeezing them in his big
hands,pushing his fingers in to the soft young skin,"Lets check them against
your sisters,come on girly lets have them out,come on Al show me her
goodies".Alan pulled the top up reviling another fine pair of firm young
tit,Jades nipples were bigger and Alan took great pleasure in attacking them
with his fingers,"Hang on must check who's bigger,push her over here".The men
forced the two girls together shoving hard on their backs forcing their tit`s
together,both girls were sobbing in to the gags as their tit`s mashed
together,suddenly they were pulled back,"Al I reckon your`s has the bigger
tittie`s,whats the betting they will be even bigger by the time we are
done,don`t worry",he smiled down at the trembling girl and licked the tears from
the side of her face," I won`t miss your`s out",he squeezed Laurens tit`s
again,"Do you like this game".

Both girls were sobbing uncontrollably as they were held on the tramps knees
their naked tit`s shook much to the two men's delight,"Stop crying,it ain`t
going to do you any good,now lets carry on with the game,"his hand held the back
of her head and slowly turned it so she was looking straight at him,"Which one
of you has the most hairs on their cunt".Lauren choked on the gag as she heard
the word,Alan quickly put his hand on her leg and held her tight,"Now you hold
still,my you have got soft skin,Al try yours",Alan put his hand on Jades knee
and slowly started to move it up towards the lycra shorts,Jade sat there frozen
in fear,he whispered,"Very soft skin,smooth to the touch,I`m going to have to
touch all of it,that means inside and out before the day is over".

Jed`s hand slid further up,squeezing Laurens thighs,"You have strong legs,do you
have a pony",trembling with fear she nodded,"Oh good,you will be used to
bouncing up and down when you ride my pony".She jumped as his hand reached the
top of her legs and his fingers started to push the lycra in to her slit,he
turned to Alan,"Got a problem here mate, can`t seem get my fingers in these
tight pants,guess they will have to come off",he smiled back in to Laurens
face,"Going to have to take these pants down and why should we stop there,may as
well have it all off,come on, lets get you stripped naked,then we can have some
real fun with you".

Jade wriggled in Alan's grasp as his fingers massaged the slit between her
legs,he grabbed her throat,"Be a pity to ring this neck before I`ve had my cock
down it,now you girls stand up and we will relive you of these silly suits and
see how good you look in your birthday suit".

They pushed them up but held on to them,they soon stopped moving as Jed held his
knife close to their face`s,"Now just you stand still,you would`nt want me to
slip and give you another hole would you after all we arn`t greedy",he smiled at
her," Three will do us".With that he stuck the knife in to the side of Laurens
crop top and sliced up,the lycra slit easierly and in no time her top lay in
half at her feet.he grinned in to her face as he pulled the waist band of the
shorts and cut down,then the other side,his hand held the back of the material
and pulled back and up dragging the lycra up between the crack of her ass,she
could`nt help but stumble back and his left arm went round her and held tight to
her right breast then as the material flicked out from between her legs he spun
her round held her at arms length and admired the young girl in all her naked
beauty,"Ain`t you pretty,here Al, take the knife and lets see which one of these
beauties has the hairiest cunt".

Soon the two girls were standing in front of their captors totally naked,Jed and
Alan sat on the sofa gazing at them like a three course meal that were about to
devourer.


Bianca got up from the arm press and thought that's enough and headed for the
sun room,she switched on the lights and stripped out of her gym suit,she caught
a glimpse of her self in the long mirror and smiled,not bad for mid thirty she
thought and ran her hands over her sweat gleaming body,her continual use of the
arm press had her firm breast jutting out with perfectly formed nipples,all the
work-outs had kept her stomach flat and her buttocks firm,the round globes above
her long strong legs exsentuated her thighs,she shook her flaxen hair and
whispered,"Not bad,not bad at all" before she crawled under the lights and lay
back totally oblivious to what was happening down in the summer house.


Jed had Lauren by the waist holding her still while he kissed and licked her
stomach,poking his tongue in her naval,smelling the freshness of her young
body.Alan forced Jade close to him,"Come on young lady open them legs we are
supposed to be counting cunt hairs",she parted them,"More than that,that's
right,now bend your knees",she slowly bent her knees until her breasts were in
Alan's face,then he put his hand around behind her and started to push a finger
between the cheeks of her ass,his other hand played with her open cunt,running
his finger along the slit,pushing in a little squeezing the nub between his
fingers,all the time his mouth chewed on her nipples,biting them, making her
squeal in to the gag,Jed looked at him,"Counting these cunt hairs is getting a
boner on,think its time to gag their pretty little mouths with something
else",Alan pulled the nipple out until it pulled from his mouth,"Ya my cock
ain`t had a wash for a week or two and your right, their mouths look awful
cute,reckon it`s time for some head bobbin".

Jed stopped licking at Lauren naval and looked up at her at the same time his
hand slid up her back and grabbed her hair,forcing her to look at him,he then
slowly pulled her down until she was looking in his face,"I`m going to take that
gag out,this far away no-one will hear you speak but me,if you do I will hurt
you like you could`nt believe,you don`t even get to cough,understand,"the
petrified girl nodded.

Alan stopped sucking on Jade`s nipples and pulled her down,"The same goes for
you,get on your knees,it`s time you snotty bitch`s learned what it takes to
please men and your never to young to learn,now get down".The two girls  sank to
their knees,loud sobs could be heard and Jed pulled his hand back threatening to
slap Lauren, that made them stop,their gags were removed,they remained silent as
the two filthy tramps stood up and started to undo their trousers.

Jed pulled his fat long filthy cock out and looked at the girls,"You better open
very wide,those cute little mouths are going to take some stretching if your
throat is going to do the business and like it or not your both going to learn
how to take a full cock all the way down and swallow before this night is over".

"Open your mouth wide,wider,that's it ,now make an O with your lips,oh yes that
looks perfect,now little lady when my old boner is stuck in your mouth you use
your tongue to clean it,lots of licking, give me a lot of sensation on the
tip,you got that",Jade just stared at Alan,Jed took Laurens jaw between his
thumb and fingers and squeezed hard,"And the same goes for you".The two fat
filthy cocks slid in to the defenceless girls mouth, they tried to pull away as
they tasted the revolting meat but they were held firm and their heads were
forced back and forth,Alan looked over to Jed,"You know all men should have this
sort of thing to wash their boners in",they both laughed as they shoved harder
in to the choking girls.

Jed had Lauren`s head firmly held in his hands as he pumped his cock in to her
mouth,smiling down at her,blowing kisses at her as he watched her choke and
vomit on his cock,her cheeks blowing out as she tried to take the cock he was
shoving further down her throat.Alan had Jade by the back of her head making her
keep his cock in her mouth while he nodded her head,his cock rubbing hard on the
top of her mouth while she was forced to lick under it.Jed suddenly stop fucking
Laurens face and held his boner just inside her lips,"Tickle it with you
tongue,show me what you have learnt,you ain`t never sucked cock before have
you",she looked at him,"Oooo I love it when you look at me that way,bet you been
taught private ain`t you,girlys boarding school,no dicks to play with,just
pussie licking,you lick a bit of girly hole do you",Lauren just looked at him
daring not to stop running her tongue over the tip of his boner,"For some-one
who ain`t fucked around your in for one big education this weekend,go on keep
doing that,your about to get your mouth filled".Alan looked down at Jade,"You
keep nodding little lady you are about to say yes to a big swallowing".Both men
took another couple of minutes before unloading a large amount of built up juice
down the throats of the pretty girls,holding them rigid while the emptied
themselves completely before letting them fall to the floor spitting and
choking. Alan was the first to put his cock away then he dropped to his knees
and dragged Jade back up to the kneeling position,"You enjoy that,I did,now look
at your pretty sister`s face all covered in old Jed`s cream,your going to lick
it off",Jed lifted Lauren up and held her as Alan pushed Jade at her,"Lick it
off",she bent forward and licked at her sister`s face,"There ain`t that nice,now
you do the same",Lauren started to lick around Jade`s mouth,"She has some inside
her mouth and so do you,so both of you lick out each others mouths,show us some
tongue,don`t forget your in no position not to do as your told",he ran his
finger down the crack of Jade`s ass and pushed his finger in to her hole,she
squealed,"Oh yes you will squeal nicely later",unable to save themselves they
started the perverted act pushing their tongues in to each others mouths as the
tramps played with their naked defenceless bodies.

Jed and Alan let the girls tongue each other for a while then Jed pulled Lauren
away,"She`s got some on her tittie`s,so you get licking and when you get to that
nice big rosy nipple try and suck it off or I`ll sting your cute ass",he bent
and whispered in her ear,"Mind you I`m going to redden it sometime tonight maybe
before or after I fuck it".The girls were nothing more than terrified puppets
for the men's perversions,as Lauren bent forward and down to lick and suck at
Jade`s tit`s it left her young bottom exposed and  Jed was able to stick his
finger up her ass-hole to the hilt and she could do nothing but let him.Alan
made Jade do the same this time they forced her to bite Lauren`s nipples until
she cried out warning them they would do it worst if they did`nt do every-thing
they told them,it was then that Jed said,"It must be getting on for two hours
it`s time to go see mum",Alan smiled,"Lets tie these two up for later,go see
mum,get her then we can please our-selves who we fuck and when".The two of them
tormented the girls as the tied them securely.

Jed had Jade and was tying her to one of the post`s,"Ever seen your mum
naked",Jade now so scared of their threats told only the truth,Jed
whispered,"Has she got big tit`s",Jade quietly said," Yes",Jed had her elbows
tied tightly to the post,"Has she got a hairy cunt",he bent and tied her knees
to the post,looking up at her for her answer, he did`nt get one so he sank his
teeth in to her cunt and bit at her light bush until she squealed,"No, she trims
it in to a line",he tied her ankles then moved up behind her,"Have you ever seen
your dad fucking her",he thought for a moment,"Or any-one else giving her juicy
cunt one",he tied a piece of material round her throat and pulled until she
choked out,"I have seen her with dad",a blindfold was tied to her eyes and then
round the post,"How was he fucking her",now immobile she whispered,"She was
kneeling on the floor like on all fours and dad was behind her",as he wrapped
the gag round her mouth and then round the pole he looked at Alan,"The bitch
likes it doggy",Alan was finishing off tying Lauren to the second post,"Then
that's how she will get that wet cunt of hers fucked",he grabbed a handful of
Laurens cunt hairs and made her moan in to her gag,"As will you two little
darlings will get fucked after we have had some fun with your mum`s hole`s",they
picked up some torn bits of the girls clothing,took one more look at the
helpless naked girls,Alan said,"Now don`t you go away,we will see you
later",blew them both a kiss,locked the doors and headed for the house.

They slid in through the side door,found the alarm box 1920-46,then moved in to
the main house,looking in to rooms until the sound of a hair-dryer alerted them
to were Bianca was.They crept along the passage to the room and pushed the door
ajar they could see her standing infront of a long mirror,she was wearing a silk
shorty dressing gown tied with a matching belt,they could make out that she had
a bra on and the outline of some very skimpy pants.As she held both her arms up
to dry her hair the dressing gown only just covered her ass,showing her firm
legs and strong thighs,both men felt the cocks and smiled at each other.

They stood and watched through the crack in the door until she had
finished,smiled as she adjusted the front of the gown to cover her amble breast
filled bra,shook her hair and turned towards the door.They let her get to about
five feet from them when they pushed the door open,she stopped,there was a
slight pause then she shouted,"What the,get out of my house your disgusting
creatures,get out or I call the police",they just looked at her then Jed
said,"Don`t think so,unless you don`t want to see what used to fit in to   these
ever again,"he and Alan waved the bits of material infront of her before
throwing them to the floor,she dropped to her knees and picked up what was left
of the girls clothes,with hate filled eyes she shouted,"What have you done with
them,where are they,how could you",Alan suddenly grabbed her throat,"Shut up
yelling,now just do as your told and you will see them,any trouble and they are
toast,got that",she stopped,"That's better,now we want food,drink and money,real
money,got that",she nodded,"O K turn round,put your hands behind you",she did as
she was told and Jed fastened her wrists together,"Right, first food,lets go to
the kitchen,"she led them to the kitchen,they found the fridge and put the
turkey and prawns,bread etc that had been prepared for supper on the table.She
took them to the huge lounge were they got three bottle of scotch which also
ended up on the table,now money,she led them to the study showed them the
safe,gave out the combination and watched as they pocketed 750 in cash,as Alan
stuffed the last of the notes in to his pocket he looked at Bianca,"Now it`s
time for you to show us this fucking great house of yours,then we can finish off
the tour by visiting the little ladies.

Bianca went to open her mouth but a quick grab of her jaw and Jed
saying,"Shut-it" kept her quite,they turned her round,pushed her and
followed,knowing that the humiliation of the beautiful housewife was about to
take an enjoyable new twist.Bianca deliberately steered them away from the
bedrooms and they found themselves in the lower part of the house and in the
gym.The tramps looked round the many pieces of apparatuses,Jed smiled,"Like
being back inside,kept fit many times on kit like this,I like this one",he went
over to the wall where a long bar hung by a wire and pulleys from the
ceiling,the wire ran down to a set of weights,he got hold of the hand grips and
pulled down,"No wonder she looks fit pulling on this,bring her over,I want to
see her work out".Alan pushed her over until she stood under it,"Grab those
weights and bring them over,put some one side of her and then those this
side",soon there was a pile of weights ether side of her,Jed stood in front of
her,"Put your ankles next to the weights",she slowly parted her legs,the two of
them knelt ether side and tied her legs to the weights.

As soon as she was fastened they untied her wrists then pulled them up and made
her hold the grips ether end of the bar then they tied her wrists to them, while
Alan was making sure she could`nt move Jed found a gripping ball,he used his
knife to slice half way through it and slid some material in the slit,"Open
wide"standing there spread-eagled Bianca had no choice but to do as they told
her,she opened her mouth and Jed fastened the ball tightly in between her
lips.Jed and Alan stood back and looked at her,"O K pull down",her hands tied
made pulling down hard,"Not very good is she,lets try some more",Jed went behind
and adjusted the wire and her arms pulled up,then he put more weights,stretching
her to her full height,he whispered in her ear,"Good for the back I,m told",with
that he kicked at the floor weights pulling her legs further apart,stretching
her wider and higher,Jed slapped her ass and walked back to Alan,"She ain`t
going anywhere lets get some food I`m starving",as they turned and left the
room,"Jed whispered,"Going to be fun having her pull some-thing else later".

They ate the food as they counted the money,they drank one bottle during the
feast,then they each picked up a bottle and went back to the gym,opened the door
and walked up to the hanging woman,they stood ether side of her,"Well Jed it
ain`t ever day you have a beautiful woman like this hanging about waiting for
us,"her body was covered in sweat as she shook with the strain the weights were
putting on her limbs,Alan took a swig,"She looks a little warm,I wonder if we
should cool her down,maybe she has to many clothes on,lets have a look",he
pulled the little tie belt and pulled it from her allowing the dressing gown to
part,Jed took a swig as he gazed at the pale green bra straining to hold her
tits,his eyes travelled down to her flat taught stomach and then to the matching
thin panties, the thin material just covering her from their view as it went to
the thin belt  like waist band,her magnificent legs  now rock hard made a
perfect V in to her crutch,Alan knelt down,"Well what do we have her,oh yes,very
good muscle tone,look closely",Jed knelt the other side and watched as Alan ran
his hand up the leg squeezing as he went,he grinned at him as he followed
suit,"Feels nice",as his hand got above her knee,Alan started to squeeze behind
her thighs,"Feels very nice,very strong,would`nt do to have these wrapped round
your neck for to long",as Jed ran his hand up the inside of her thighs,"Oh I
don`t know,depends on which why round I was facing".

Alan's hands reached her bottom,"Does`nt do to have restricting garments with
these powerful buttock muscle",he pulled at her panties,"Jed said," Oh yes I see
what you mean," as his hand caressed the top of her thighs letting the side of
his hand run between her legs,he turned his hand to cup her cunt and squeezed
hard until she moaned,"Feels muscley here,would you like to join me in checking
it out".

Still kneeling they both took a side of the panties and started to pull down the
waist band,it slid easerly over her ass,then down went the front slowly
revealing a neatly trimmed oblong of pubic hair which they totaly exposed. The
waist band went taught across her thighs Jed ran his fingers down the bush,"The
kid was right it`s like a furry tower and it feels nice",Alan said,"Bugger the
bush lets see wants under it".

For the first time Bianca let out a moan as the two tramps pulled at her cunt
lips,opening her cunt as wide as they could,Alan ran another finger over the
exposed slit,tickling the flesh of her clit"Funny I thought a rich bitchs cunt
would look different,"Jed sniffed at it,"It smells great, it`s all perfumed,bet
it tastes good",Alan looked at him as he used his fingers to push her cunt open
really wide,"If you want to play with it or even suck on it you go ahead,I will
check out two other muscles, I have a good idea that they will need a good work
out and massaging".

As Jed`s face disappeared between Biancas legs Alan stood up and looked at
her,"Having fun rich bitch how's it feel to have filthy creatures playing with
all your nice bits,just look at my filthy  hands,there going in to your bra and
their going to give your nipples a good going over,just you watch".

As Alan looked at her she tried to look strongly back only to moan and squeal in
to the gag as Jed bit at her cunt,"He`s going to eat that cunt of yours out
before the night is over,we are both going to do things to you that you can`t
believe but for now it`s your tit`s you should be worried about,I love playing
and chewing on big nipples and by the points sticking out in your bra you look
like my idea of main course".

As Alan took his knife and slid it between the bra cups in looked down at Jed
who had her cunt lips pinched in both hands,holding them as wide as possible as
his tongue flicked in to the gapping hole,"He seems to be enjoying you,you
enjoying him,come on lets see how big he`s making them nips",with that he pulled
back with the knife slicing through the strap releasing her large breasts,with
her arms pulled up and wide the nipples stood proud.

Alan licked his lips,swung his leg over the crouching Jed and took both of them
in each hand,cupping them underneath he squeezed at the nipple then bent forward
licked each of them before gripping them with his teeth and pulling hard.Her
whole body pushed to follow but being tied as taught as she was it was only her
back that bowed,he shook his head like a dog,she squealed and gurgled noises in
to the sponge ball fastened in her mouth,still he shook and pulled,Jed looked
up,"Hang on mate leave them attached I want some",Alan let go with his mouth but
his fingers soon had them rolling and being pulled,"Fucking ace,these are the
biggest I have ever had,what you want to do to her first",Jed stood up and
looked at the red swollen nipple,"Fuck her ass"Alan played with her tit`s,"Go on
then,take her ass,I want to watch the look on her face while you stick your cock
up her,you ever been buggered  rich bitch?".

Jed spat on his finger and showed it to her as the saliva dripped off it,"Well
fine lady you don`t mind if I stick this up your ass",he bent forward and licked
her lips,"And this our first date",he went behind her,she shook her head at Alan
but he just grinned back,he heard Jed spit on his finger again,"Hang on before
you give her one let me cut the rest of the clothes off her I want her
naked,"His knife made short work of the silk and then he watched as her eyes
nearly popped out when Jed drove his finger in to her ass right up to the
hilt,"You think that hurt you wait till he gets his boner up there".Alan saw
Jed's hands on her trim waist she started to wiggle as much as she could but
there was no escape as Jed slowly started to stand straight Alan knew Jed's cock
was disappearing up the helpless house-wife's ass hole.She moaned and tears ran
down her face as Jed started to grunt behind her with words like,Fucking
tight,fucking gorges,Christ she's good,coming thick and fast Alan enjoyed the
look of pain in her face as her eyes rolled ever time Jed thrust hard up her ass
he added to it by pinching her nipples.

Alan was surprised how quickly he heard Jed say,"Fucking hell,she`s so tight I,m
coming,get ready lady it`s time to fill your ass for the first time",then he
did, she moaned as he pumped her full then she hung limp as he pulled out,Alan
looked at him as he pulled his trousers back up,"I take it you enjoyed that,now
do me a favour,see that chest and arm worker with the over head bar,same as this
one,I want her sat on the seat so help me fasten her to it,I want her arms tied
to the press pads and her legs up and tied wide to the hand grips,then you can
go and see how the little ladies are".

Bianca had no fight in her and soon her exhorted body was helpless again, her
arms out to her side bent up and tied to the pads her legs splade out and tied
wide to the hand grips of the pull bar,but her worst fear was she was now alone
with the grinning Alan,"Your supposed to squeeze those pads together arn`t you I
bet you can,you must be good at it with tit`s like yours,why don`t you show
me",she looked pathicly at him as she moved the pads slightly,he went behind and
put two more weights on,  that stopped her.He turned the screw on ether one and
that released what held them and they slowly moved back,further and further
taking her arms back with them and pushing her chest out until he stopped,"Don`t
want to break your back,now I wonder what this doe`s",he pulled a lever at the
top and her legs moved up,then he put another weight on the back and it hoisted
her legs up until her ass was up off the seat and wide totally exposed and
defenceless to what he wanted to do to her.

He straddled over her,looking down at her,"You are a rear beauty and here am I
trying to work out which hole to fuck first",he bent his knees and pushed the
crutch of his trouser in to Biancas face,"Don`t smell to good do they,mind you
my cocks clean,your daughter saw to that".Bianca screamed in to the gag he just
smiled,"Takes it all the way down and swallows you know,going to make her a real
pro this weekend,thought it was time me and Jed taught them girls of yours the
facts of life",he sat on her face,"Gona teach them how to lick pussie too,your
pussie would look nice on the end of their tongues",Bianca shook her head and
screamed at him,he carried on,"Oh yes you will,by the time we have finished with
you three, you will be only to pleased to be sticking your tongue up their
cunts, licking them out,anyway thats enough talking of licking I feel the urge
to taste yours,I want to make it wet before I fuck it as from where I`m stood
you seem to be offering it to anybody who cares to take it".

He got off her and walked round to the front of the machine,knelt on the
floor,cupped her raised ass and buried his mouth in to her wide open cunt but
his eyes never left her face as she stared in hate at him as he abused her,he
took great delight in licking up the full length of the slit before sucking in
her clit and pulling it until she moaned in pain,he stood up dropped his
trousers,laughed at her as he waved his cock at her before bending his knees and
ploughing it in to her,he put his arms between her legs and on to the bench seat
ether side of her and sucked hard on her nipples as he pumped in her at a
furious speed.

The gym backed on to the garden with a small window for ventilation,as Alan
fucked the helpless woman relentlessly a muffled scream startled her,then
another,Alan looked up from chewing her nipples,"Sounds like old Jed is having
fun,want to hear",he pulled out of her and still with his cock sticking hard out
he went to the window and opened it,as he was about to push back in to her
another more audible scream,Bianca was fighting against the bindings,Alan was
enjoying the movement as he continued fucking her,"Old Jed can make them
dance,he`s a bit of a sadist",she shook her head at him as another cry was
heard,Alan stopped and looked at her,"I could go down there and stop him,he gets
a bit carried away on his own,would you like that",she nodded,"Well if I,m going
down there as a favour for you then you can go down on me as a favour for me,and
it better be good because I ain`t going nowhere until you have swallowed every
drop and you have to do all the work to get it,do we have a deal",as if on cue
another cry came from the summer house and Bianca nodded.

In triumph Alan stopped fucking her, stepped out of his trouser and straddled
her again,tugged the ball out of her mouth,"Please my babies,go and stop
him,I`ll do anything but stop him",Alan stroked his glistening cock,"After
you`ve eaten this",reluctantly she strained her head towards the foul smelling
cock,he slid forward enough to allow her to cover it with her mouth and then
grined down at her as her head moved as fast as it could sucking him in."First
time you ever tasted your own cunt juice,hope you like it as much as I did",she
started gripping tightly around it with her lips, furiously working on him."Ohhh
that's nice,I think you can manage a little more",just as she brought her mouth
forward he shoved hard forcing more of it in,choking her,"I said all the way and
there is still a good four inches to go".She struggled to get it all in,gagging
on the length now touching her throat,the smell of his crutch was over-powering
but still she went at it,even faster as another cry was heard from the summer
house.Alan not content with the humiliation his was enforcing suddenly pulled
away,"Your in a big hurry but I`m not comfortable I need my balls washed",as he
said the last word he moved forward and sat on her mouth,"Start licking",she
could just see him and she stared in utter hate he looked down at her got his
hand around his cock and tapped it on her forehead,"Hurry up,babies waiting".The
taste of his crutch was disgusting but not knowing what was happening in the
summer house she licked at his balls praying he would let her finish him off.
Alan took his time and waited for the next sound,it was more muffled as it came
through the window,"Sounds like the little ladies got something stuck in her
mouth,she could do with rescuing,come on then mum suck me good and remember all
the way down",he shoved it back in her mouth and just stood there enjoying the
pleasures of the blow-job until he pumped yet more filth out of his cock in to
another unwilling hole.He gave her just enough time to swallow his juice before
ramming the ball back,smiling at her again,checked she was still fastened
tight,"I`ll go see what's happening down there,don`t you go anywhere theres lots
more fun to be had with you yet".

He stood outside the summer house glass doors and soaked in the sight of Jed`s
idea of fun.Alan saw Jed's trousers slung over the back of the sofa that he was
sat on,the lovely Jade was between his legs,her hands still tied behind her as
he held her hair forcing her young mouth up and down his cock,Alan noticed the
red marks all over her ass.Her legs were spread wide over Lauren  and she was
shoving her naked cunt in to her face,Lauren,who was laying on the floor was
licking very fast at Jades cunt,she also had little red marks all over her tit`s
and the lips of her cunt as she lay naked,her arms tied behind her,she looked
beautiful with her legs spread wide open,it hadn`t been long since Alan had cum
in Bianca`s mouth but the sight of the naked young open cunt had his cock
sturring again.

Jed was in heaven as he looked at the honey blond head being forced in to his
crutch,Alan noticed his right hand was under Jade and he could see something red
in it,as Jade moved he could see that Jed had a pair of pliers with the teeth on
her nipple,that's what had coursed the red marks and the screams,Jed spoke,"In a
bit more and hold it in your throat",his hand moved and Jade squealed,her head
held stationary and pushed in to his lap,"You still sucking her cunt or shall I
have to come and see you",Laurens buried her face betweens Jades legs her tongue
licking as fast as possible,he held Jade still,Alan went in,"Let her up, you`ll
choke the bitch and then she will be no use to anybody".

"Hello mate,O K little lady you start sucking again,these two are great  you
missed some fun,how`d you get on with mum,she hot ain`t she,fell on our feet
with these three pussies",Alan knelt down beside Lauren and tickled her cunt,she
did`nt move,Jed smiled,"They will do what ever you tell them to,I don`t think
they will ever go near a pair of pliers again,bet you heard them singing up at
the house",

Alan grinned,"Well don`t keep them all to yourself",Jed kept Jades head
moving,"O K take the honey on the floor,I`m going to let this one finish me
off,the darlings have been turning me on so it`s only fair one of them should
get me off",Alan dragged Lauren up and sat on the sofa holding her on his
lap,her eyes were tear stained and full of fear,"This one looks like you put the
fear of Christ in her,what you been doing to them".

Jed laughed,"Well they ain`t virgins no more,had them both strung up to them
hooks,pinched them with these pliers I found,gagged them then found out which
one could squeal best until they promised to do as they were told,took one down
had her licking and fingering her sister,then I got her to finger fuck her,break
her in then lick the mess off her fingers,then clean the hole up with her
tongue,then strung her back up and let the other one do the same,if they stopped
a little nip sure got them moving again,then they 69 each other while I moved
between them having a bit of ass or cunt or a lot of throat.Best bit and you got
to try it is laying back on this sofa making them fight to suck or lick the old
boner,cause the one who had`nt got it in her mouth or was`nt touching it with
her tongue got another nipping,never had it so clean,any-way mate you try it,
when littlen here as filled her throat I`ll go and see how mum`s doing,expect
she could do with a little exorcise".

Jed groaned as he pumped upward,forcing his cock as far as he could in to Jade`s
mouth,much as she tried to keep her lips tight around the fat cock and  suck
hard  some of the juice ran back down Jed's cock,"Clean it up,you know the
rules",Jade was licking all over Jed hairs and round to his balls making sure
she did`nt miss any of it until, suddenly he pushed her up,stood up and dropped
her down beside Alan,"There you go mate have fun with these two,I`m going to see
posh bitch,see if I can knock her in to shape",Alan held Jade,"Don`t knock to
hard,I`ve promised her some family fun,I really want to see her beg to be
naughty with these two,and I hope you have`nt forgotten there's two more fun
ponies tomorrow".As Alan walked out the door he looked back,"I ain`t forgot and
you don`t know it but the girls have told me about cousin Anita,big for her age
and in all the right place`s,catch you later",he closed the door behind him as
the two girls looked at Alan and waited there next session of abuse".

As Jed's footsteps disappeared Alan looked at the two frightened girls,"Well
ladies time for you to look after me,if your good I won`t be as nasty as him but
if you don`t give me maximum pleasure I will be twice as bad, you want to
pee",the girls nodded,"O K outside",after wrapping material around their necks
he lead them out like a couple of slaves and watched as he made them squat and
pee in front of him,he laughed at them,"Bet you never thought you would be
peeing for a stranger when you was at that posh school,we thought you would
enjoy a real education this weekend,so lets continue it,get back in the little
house,I need you to fuck me, you can show me how  you bounce up and down when
you ride your pony",he dragged the girls inside.

Jed open the door to the gym,Bianca was still hanging by her feet to the press,
her hands were blue where the circulation was being starved,"Uncomfortable posh
bitch,why don`t we try a knew position,something were you can`t stop me getting
full access to you gorges body and your equally gorges holes".

With all her struggling and the way she had been tied as Jed released the bonds
her body could`nt fight him,he laughed at the way she tried to stand and hit
him,her arms and hands were flapping at him as she tried to shout although able
to remove the gag,he was still laughing as he pushed her by the hair across the
room, she staggered like a drunk until he forced her over the bench press,having
left the ties on her limbs he had her bent over and retied in seconds,he bent
down beside her and looked in to her beautiful face,he wiped it,pushed her hair
back then he stroked her exposed ass cheeks as he whispered,"You heard your
little girlies,I had some fun with them,they now know what to do to please
me,now it`s your turn,you have a lovely body,be a pity to mark it but that's up
to you,I want you to know what willing little cock-sucking daughters you have
and I`ll tell you all about how far I had my cock down their throats while I
redden this firm round ass of yours",he looked round the room,picking out some
extra strapping hanging from the wall,he went over,cut some three foot lengths
and stood in front of the bent woman slapping it on his leg.

He walked down beside her pulled his arm back and lashed her ass hard,she
muffled in to the ball gag,"Oh a grunter not a squealer like you kids,I bet you
give your old man a bollocken for leaving them pliers out,you know your kid with
the big nipples will,she`s got bigger ones now,"just as Bianca was about to
scream at him he brought the straps hard down on her ass and it blew the air out
of her."Oh yes I was going to tell you how they lost their cherry,I had them
finger fuck each other until they bust them,thought they could have the mess not
me".He stood slightly side ways to her and brought one strap down right between
her legs catching her cunt with the end",her whole body spas med then went limp
as she moaned in to the ball,"Thought that would get to you",he knelt in front
of her,"It`s deal time,5 more, just there and I fuck you while you wiggle that
pretty ass for me or 25 right there and you don`t wiggle while I fuck you,I`ll
give you one more while you think about it".She tensed her body but it still
stung her in to tears as he looked down,"5"she nodded,he grabbed her hair and
dragged her face up to his,"You have only just started begging me to fuck
you",he let her head drop and laid five stinging blows on to her defenceless
cunt,the tears dripped down as he took his trousers off,"Start wiggling it posh
bitch I want to enjoy playing with that cunt of yours".

Alan made the girls try and take his trousers off, he thought it funny as they
struggled with their hands tied behind them,he made them play with him,his large
cock in their small hands excited him,it did`nt take them long to have him
really hard.He had a grin from ear to ear as he made them stand open legged
while he decided who would sit on his cock and who would sit on his face,he
decided Jade would ride the pony as he had already fucked Laurens face,he told
them to remember which hole he had fucked as he would be working his way through
all three of them and maybe be even starting up them all over again,then he laid
on the floor and watched the agony on Jade`s face as he forced her to impale her
tight cunt on to his enormous cock,then it was Laurens turn to sit on his face
and let him suck and slava her young sweet hole and all he had to do was touch
the pliers and she bounced faster on his cock or the other sister rubbed herself
all over his face.

Jed stood behind Bianca,his legs ether side of the bench as he watched the
helpless woman`s ass rotate in front of him,making her wiggle it for his
perverted pleasure,laughing as she jumped every time he touched her cunt with
the tip of his cock,then he slid it in,as he pushed she carried on moving
knowing what would happen if she stopped,Jed could`nt resist the stripped firm
ass wiggling in front of him and gave it the occasional hard slap just to keep
her humping him.She did`nt stop until she received a full cunt of his filth and
he had pulled out,he laid back against the wall and looked at her slumped over
the bench her glazed expiration testimony to the humiliation he was enjoying,he
picked up the straps and stood in front of her,dropping the ends on her back he
said,"You want to clean up the mess you just made on my cock with that pretty
mouth of yours----or",frightened and beaten she looked up at him and nodded.

As Jed knelt in front of the tied and bent woman watching her lick and suck all
around his cock the door opened and Alan came in with the two naked girls
tethered behind him,they had been regaged and could only squeal at the sight of
their naked mother tied tightly to the bench with Jed's cock stuck in her
mouth,she turned her head and cried out their names only to be cut off with a
stinging blow from the straps,"You speak when we say so,now get your mouth back
on this dick or I will let the girls have a feel of the strap",knowing he meant
it she turned slowly back put her tongue under the filthy meat and sucked it
back in to her mouth. Alan dragged the two girls over to get a better view of
their mother sucking and licking all over Jeds balls and cock,he stroked her
beaten ass,"Your mums got a nice ass hasn`t she",they looked at him,"Hasn`t
she",he tugged the material around their necks,they nodded",I`m going to take
those gags off,you know what will happen if you speak",he took the pliers out of
his pocket,the girls paniced,he put them back and smiled,he pulled the gags
off,"If she has such a nice ass and my nasty friend as made it so red, why don`t
you nice girls kiss it better".

Jed and Alan knew what they were up to and Jed looked down at the woman sucking
him off,he pulled it out and got hold of it and shoved his balls  at her, that
staer of hate was in her eyes as she obediently licked him under his balls.Alan
pulled both girls ether side of their mother and pointed at her ass cheeks,"Get
kissing",she was about to speak when Jed forced his cock back in her mouth and
held her head tight,giving it an extra shove as he watched the two girls kneel
ether side of their mothers ass ,bend their heads and start kissing the red
stripped firm globes.

Bianca could feel the soft lips of her daughters on her and knew she had to stop
this disgusting perverted act so she worked her mouth hard on Jed`s cock hoping
to get him off and change what was happening,suddenly her head was held as Jed
drew almost out until his meat was resting on her bottom lip,"We are just
cleaning it remember,you just tickle it and kiss it while I watch your charming
young ladies play with your ass,I have other plans for dumping my next load in
you,Alan why don`t you show the girls the more interesting parts of mother while
their down there.Alan knelt down beside Lauren"See those two nice holes,you get
to lick your mums pussie",he pushed her head side-ways and in-between her
mothers legs,then pressed her head down on to the bench,"Now lick and if I don`t
see your tongue working as fast on your mum as it did up your sister`s hole,then
I`ll pinch your nipples right off",he watched the tongue start it`s work.He went
around to Jade,"The same goes for you little lady only you get your mums
ass-hole",he pressed Jades head to the side of Laurens and watched their tongues
drill up their mothers holes.Jed looked at the sobbing woman,"Keep playing with
it,we could be here for some time".

As Alan watched he had free access to the girls cunts and ass`s also all three
of them`s tit`s and he enjoyed them,poking up them making them squirm all the
time waiting for Bianca to get wet,but she would`nt and it frustrated Jed and
Alan,so much they decided enough and pulled the girls off,he'd grabbed Bianca`s
hair,"I`m determed to find out what you like,what makes that cunt of yours run,
just wait there while we get the girls tied and out of harms way and then---".

"You girls want to piss"Alan followed them to the downstairs loo and watched
them both,enjoying wiping them out with his finger, then they went to the
kitchen were he found some long lengths of rope,he joked"Enough for you two and
enough for mum",took them back to the gym were they where gagged and
hog-tied,their ankles nearly touching their backs,they both lay helplessly tied
by the neck to different pieces of apparatus watching their
mother,naked,gagged,with her arms bound tightly to her side,her elbows had been
pulled forward,squeezing her tit`s together and out, being marched out of the
gym between the two men,Alan smiled back at them as he poked his finger in to
the crack of their mothers ass cheeks.

They took her first to get more drink then upstairs and in to the master
bedroom,looking through their wardrobes and picking out some of her husbands
clothes,being bigger than him that humiliated her more joking about his
size,some sweatshirts and other things they took and a lot of his jewellery.They
littered the bedroom in their filthy clothes,then they decided to take a
shower,first Alan with Bianca then Jed with her they said they would keep her
tied,she would have a lot more fun that way.

Alan and Jed had a lot of fun washing Bianca,forcing her to the back of the
shower opening her legs and soaping her cunt,then turning her round and doing
the same to her ass,pushing fingers up her,having her squealing and she must
have had the cleanest tit`s in the world,they were just as cruel drying her and
perfuming her body and their`s.She was stood in the middle of the room while
they admired her all over again,then Jed took her by the arm and lead her to the
king size bed,"Well what have we here,the matrimonial bed,time to see how good
you are on it",she shook her head at them,for the first time she was pleading
with them not to soil her lovely bed,that's just what they wanted.

Jed looked at her,"I`ll hop on and lay down you sit on my cock and fuck me,Alan
will take that gag out and you can suck in another one,then we will take it from
there".

She watched as Jed climbed on to her bed and lay in the middle his huge cock
hard after all the fun they had with her in the shower,it stuck up waiting for
her,Alan shoved her on and she struggled to do what she had no choice in.Alan
climbed on and stood in front of her, his monster cock waved in her face as he
took off the gag,her pleading eyes only meet with Alan evil stare as his hand
took her hair and pulled her mouth on to his meat.Both men made her do all the
work,bouncing her self on Jed`s as her head moved back and forth keeping her
lips tightly held round the thing in her mouth,with her arms fastened to her
side she was unable to stop them pinching and pulling at her already sore
nipples.Jed looked up,"You fancy a two`s up",Alan grinned back,"Why not",and he
pulled out of Bianca`s mouth,they both heard the pathetic "No" as Alan went
behind her and shoved her forward,she fell on to Jed,who smiled in her
face,"Well hello,this is so sudden,give us a kiss",he still had his cock hard up
her as his hands held her head firm and he forced his mouth on to hers stabbing
his tongue at her lips until she had to open her mouth and let his tongue defile
it.They thing she had dreaded started to happen as she felt Alan fingers open
her ass-cheeks and the tip of his cock pushed at her hole,he whispered beside
her,"Relax it lady and take it,you have no choice",she stopped fighting and he
slid in her,Jed stopped kissing her,"Ain`t this cosy,don`t you just love a posh
bitch sandwich". As they fucked in and out of her Jed carried on kissing and
licking her face and mouth,Alan pulled and squeezed at her tit`s and much to
Biancas horror the continual fucking of both her holes caused her cunt to start
lubricating,she was getting wet.

Jed was quickly aware of the juice that made slipping in to her easy and he
grinned at Alan,"She likes it,she likes a couple of blokes at the same
time,maybe they have three-some parties,do`es your old man bring a friend,or do
you have a couple on the side for when he`s away,no wonder the girls are sent
away,house to your-self so you can have a good fucking when ever you
like".Bianca was sobbing,"Please no,I`ve never,stop,stop it,you can`t do this to
me,oh god please no,"Jed was revelling in it,"He ain`t gona help you,just me and
old Alan here are we are going for it,speed up mate,lets get this posh bitch hot
and horny". Her legs slowly bent and spread wider over Jed's legs,both men
suddenly had easy access to her hole`s and even though she was tied her ass was
pushing up,the tears ran down her face as Jed stared in to it,she bit her lip as
her body refused to stop,her ass started to move to the pushing in of
Alan,giving Jed more room to thrust faster and further in to her now dripping
cunt.

Jed relished in kissing the helpless beauty,she could`nt close her mouth to stop
him as she was breathing heavily her body had been used so much and she had
fought not to respond to any of their perversion that finally it was going to
have it`s way and she could feel an orgasm building.The two men thrust at a
frantic speed driving there meat in to her as hard and as far as possible,being
bigger and thicker than her husband her holes were experiencing things that she
did`nt know possible,her body stiffed and she came flooding herself out and on
to Jed cock and the bed she cried groaned and screamed all at the same time,then
let her head fall on to Jed`s shoulder sobbing moaning,"Oh god no, no,how could
you".Jed and Alan had been fucking the three females most of the afternoon and
evening and were still hard as Alan bent beside her ear and said,"Quite
easierly,shall we show you again,"he winked at Jed and they both started to fuck
her hard and furiously again.

She lay on the shoulder pleading with them to stop but her cunt was now fully
aroused and she was soon hot and responding to another hard fucking,her ass
pushing up again as she grunted to the banging her cunt was getting.They fucked
both her holes mercilessly then Alan filled her ass and as she came for a second
time Jed unloaded himself up her.Alan got up and Jed pushed the crying woman off
and left her to sob on the bed,Jed laughed at her as he turned to Alan,"Look at
the state of my cock and that bed,fucking hell can she cum when she want`s
too,I`m knackered I think we need some sleep,"Alan nodded,"And I know just the
place I,m going to rest my head,come with me",the two of them left her and went
in to another big room with two large beds in it.

Jed went back and got hold of Bianca,feeling between her legs humiliating her
again by wiping the wet cum under her nose,"Cum like that when the old man fucks
you or do you save it for the big boys when they come round for a bit of fun
with you".Alan untied the girls necks and legs, he had to help them as they had
been tied in the hog tie for so long,they were all in the kitchen were Jed had
made some bowls of cereal for them to eat,Jed and Alan sat back and spooned
mouthfuls of food in to their mouths as they watched the females trying to eat
out of bowls by licking at the contents as their arms were kept tied,they kept
them standing their cute ass`s bent out in a row,Alan told them he still had the
pliers unless they wiggled as they ate,as the men watched their helpless victims
perform their degrading act he whispered to Jed,"Going to look even better when
there`s five little bums in a row".

After they wiped the females faces clean with towels or tongues they all went to
the girls room,Alan had already taken a big hard backed chair in to the bedroom
and set it at the foot of the beds in between and about three foot back facing
the beds,Bianca was tied firmly to it as obscene as they could,her elbows back
forcing her large tits out,her wrist firmly to each arm-rest her knees to the
arm-wrist stanchions and her ankles crossed and tied to the stave between the
chair legs forcing her legs to gape her cunt open,a rope around her neck then
down over the back,through the bottom of the back and around her waist as tight
as they could pull it,as she pleaded she could hardly breath,Alan said,"Tuff",
then gagged her.He bent in front and pushed his thumb and finger in to her cunt
then prized them apart,opening her cunt lips,"Come on girls kiss mummy
good-night",Jed got hold of their hair and pushed them forward,forcing them to
their knees then, first Jade then Lauren were forced to kiss their mothers
cunt,both men used force to push their faces in between the tied legs,Bianca
shock her head furiously at them but they just smiled back at her,blew her a
kiss and whispered,"Don`t worry you`ll get your chance to be licking  up their
holes soon", then they pulled the girls to them and started kissing their mouths
and licking at their mothers smeared cunt juice.  Jed and Alan got in to each of
the beds,Jed with Lauren and Alan with Jade,Alan spoke to Bianca,"We will leave
the light on,maybe your afraid of the dark and we won`t need many clothes as we
can keep each other warm",all Bianca could do was sit and watch the two men
fondle and abuse her daughters.

Bianca could have been sick in to the gag as she watched Jed licking Laurens
tits,holding her tightly to him while he fingered her cunt,Alan was just as
bad,he had Jade with her back to him pressing his cock in to her back as his
left arm was around her squeezing her tit`s and rolling her nipples in his
fingers,soon both men were asleep then the women curcumed to exhortation,Bianca
being the last, her mind finally forced to close down even with the thoughts of
the terrible things that had happened that day and not knowing what these
perverts had planned for her and her family tomorrow.

She opened her eyes,the pain in her body let her know there had been no dream,it
was a night-mare as she looked at the sight in front of her,Jade was on her back
with Alan pumping away at her stretched cunt with his knees bent so as to give
maximum thrust and be able to bend his head and suck and bite on her nipples.Jed
lay back on the pillow with Lauren bent over him sucking his cock as far down
her throat as she could,Bianca could`nt help but muffle a scream at them.Jed
smiled at her,"Oh good mum`s awake look at your mum and show her what a good
cock-sucker you are".Tears ran down Bianca face again as she stared at her
little 14 yr old girl looking at her with a huge cock stuck firmly in her mouth
how she hated the vermin that had his hand on the back of her head and forcing
her to take it all the way down her young throat.She watched as both men filled
their chosen holes and pushed the girls up,their arms looked so sore were the
rope were biting in to the delicate skin,the men took the girls to the
bathroom,Bianca could hear them squealing and the men laughing,she sat there for
what seemed a life time until both girls came out,Bianca saw they were both
shaven, their young cunt`s as naked as the day they were born. Alan came over to
her and squeezed her nipples,"Don`t get jealous we will get yours naked soon but
now it`s time for food,we have a long day ahead and it will be a fun day",he
lent closer,"For some of us,we are going to find out just how fit this family
is".

They went through the same routine as before the girls bent and wiggling their
ass`s,the men enjoying what was happening in front of their faces,playing with
the ass`s and tickling their cunt`s,then they made sure all the toiletries had
been done before returning to the gym.

They pulled weights in to the middle of the floor and fastened them to a bar
then had the girls on the floor ether side  with their legs pointing away from
each other then they tied their wrists to the each other then to the bar,gagged
them really well,then brought more weights and tied their legs to them forcing
them apart,they lay like to beautiful starfish staring up at the ceiling with
the bar between them,they looked at Bianca who had been forced to watch."Lets
get you tied nicely,must be ready to see your sister,what time is it Alan by
your new watch,"Alan looked at the smart watch,"10.30",Jed said,"Oh good, time
enough for us both to play with mummy again".



                                                         PAGAN.

                  Can you wait for her sister and young Anita to arrive.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





