BDSM Library - Milagritos




Milagritos
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Short look into the mind of a woman without past, without future, and with a very uncertain present.
Milagritos
celia batau, (c)2002

My garden. Dandelion soft. Dandelion sharp. I let my fingers sweep along the
base, brushing away the loose dirt, pulling clean the lines of mortar between
the bricks where my little plant grows. Little mystery. Little treasure. My only
possession this little lover of mine who is always here for me. Whispers when
I'm curled tight. Who soothes me when the belt marks ache. Gives me company
during the long hours we're alone.

--

My Master is here for me again.

The sun is low and we're in shadow. The door is closed. I'm back again in a
world two meters wide and four meters long. I don't open my eyes until he
lightly taps my thigh with his foot. I look up at him. I try to smile. Good
little girl. Happy property.

"Welcome me."

Up on my knees. Lips, tongue, and teeth find the button to his pants. Chain from
my collar cold down my back. Toes rub against the cement as I bite the zipper
and pull. Little Master greets me. Hard. Excited. I kiss him. Let him know I
care. Lick beneath. Ignore the smell. Lick my lips. Take him in.

Hands in my hair. Concentrate, girl, don't make him mad. Too large, but I've
learned a lot. Taste how soft. Taste how hard. Breathe. A little more. Don't
breathe. A little more. Swallow. Swallow.

Roughly he pushes me back. Turns me around and kicks my feet apart as far as the
short chain allows. I wait while he undresses then slides in behind me. I reach
for his softened member and coax it while his arms reach around to caress my
breasts. Padlocks on my wrists bite into my bottom as he squeezes me against
him. Kisses on my neck. Breath in my ear. Little Master grows again and slips
from my fingers as his owner eases me forward. Leans me out. My long hair
wrapped around his fist. Panic. My arms lift up. Pain. His other hand grabs a
cuff, pushes my arms up my back. I lean forward more.

I cry out. Head bent back. Spine curved. Thighs burning to keep my balance. But
I'm already wet. Somehow I'm ready for him, and he pushes in. Feet fight to stay
on the cement. He retreats. Again my Master impales me and then holds me there.
I cough. My head aches. My shoulders ache.

"Do you like this?"

"Yes."

"Do you love me?"

I scream.

"Do you love me?"

He pulls my hair. I can't answer. He begins to thrust. Harder so my whole body
is bouncing. His legs on short chain keep my airborne feet from rising. I am
just a rhythm now, and through the pain I see light as I slip closer and closer
to the edge. Someone is screaming. My hands ball into fists. Closer. Wonderful
beautiful closer. I explode.

He lets me down. The cement is cool against my cheek. I smile. One more step to
my shallow grave.

--

I was a woman once. A woman with goals. Before my Master took me. Before I
started looking inward instead of outward.

--

My arms are lifted high and I stretch. My toes touch the floor, but my Master
has pushed thumbtacks into the balls of my feet. I hang from the ceiling. My
Master, good Master, who hold the needles, waits for me to settle down.

"Kick me and you'll regret it."

Holding a needle in his fingers, he flicks a lighter and holds the flame under
the tip. I watch the end glow. Then I close my eyes as he puts his mouth over my
right nipple. Sucks on it. And lets go to tug at it a moment before holding it
still.

The needle burns through. I jerk back. I scream as all my weight pulls at my
wrists. But I don't kick. Tears dripping down my face, I can't help but watch as
he removes the needle and inserts a shiny metal ring. I whimper. I don't like
it, but I suffer a matching ring on my left as well.

"Good girl."

I am a good girl. I am. Please, Master, take them out. I can't stop crying. He
kisses my tummy. Kisses lower. Puts a hand between my thighs and guides it up.
Only my face is wet. He rubs. Gently. I cry. He starts to soothe me with nice
words, words I like to hear. About how good I am. About how I please him. His
voice is strong, yet light, as his fingers work their magic across my most
delicate place.

My nipples throb. My wrists hurt. My feet hurt. But I'll feel better as long as
he keeps touching me like that. Yes. He lifts my thighs onto his shoulders. His
nose is in my hair. He lifts me again, and his hands hold my bottom as his mouth
continues what his fingers started. I can feel his body strain as he laps me. In
and out and along. If only his penis were inside me and not his tongue. I ask
for more. I don't care about the rings. No, don't take you're tongue away.
Please. More. Please. I want more.

I scream. High and loud. My legs kick. I swing from the ceiling. Everything is
gone in the flash of pain burning between my legs. The needle. It's pushed
through my clitoris.

--

Tiny spider. Naked like me. This is morning so you are good luck. I turn on my
side and watch her crawl down the wall. Lying in the light from the window, I am
safe from her. My good luck charm.

--

Carefully I shuffle toward to wall until the chain pulls me short. When I stand
I can see the wide beautiful desert through the metal grating of the window. I
can see the line of slight rolling mountains beyond. Freedom.

No neighbors. No dogs barking. I can't see a road from my window, but I can hear
my Master's truck. I saw it once. Old white with a red and yellow license plate.

When I look outside I remember my Master's words. His promise to let me go when
I'm good enough. When I've pleased him enough. I dream of all the places I'll
go. I dream of clothes and food and people. I don't dream of the shallow hole
and a layer of dirt. I never do.

--

With a hand, he brushes my hair up from my neck. This is a quiet moment. With
quiet kisses. Gentle curious fingers exploring sensitive areas. It's like a
dream. A dream with toys buried inside me. Little wires to little boxes. I
almost don't mind as he wraps the rope around my waist. Ties the loose ends to
the spreader bar, forcing me to kneel, forcing me to sit on the bar between my
spread feet. Next comes more rope around my elbows. Around my wrists. Then tying
one end of a long rope to that, he threads the rope between my legs and up
through the waist rope, leaving the rest coiled on the floor.

With a kiss he pushes the ball between my teeth and locks it behind my head. My
eyes follow the leather blindfold until it covers my vision and I'm left with my
breathing and the sounds of my Master's movements. Carefully, he lays me back on
my arms, and I feel a tug on the long rope. It pulls against the waist rope,
digs between my legs. Soon I am lifted up until I'm balanced on my head and
tortured knees. I push my hands down to ease the pinching but it doesn't help.

"Shh," my master tells me, "Quiet." I can't. It hurts too much. I'm going to
break. But I adjust. I bend myself back, push up with my head and my knees to
ease the rope. Slowly he moves his fingers over me. It calms me that he's still
near. I can't breathe. My feet feel funny. And I can't call out to him. Beg him
to stop. But I can moan.

He puts a hand to my chest. "Shh."

Touches. Kisses. In wet little lines along my body. I concentrate on that. Focus
on that instead of the pain. I force myself to feel each one, remember each one
and connect them in constellations across my skin.

I gasp. That's not a kiss. I shake to remove the clothespin, but it holds tight.
One kiss. One clothespin. Another kiss. Another clothespin. In this way my
Master decorates me. The sharp pain burns in little dots, momentarily
overwhelming the pain of the rest of my body. I begin to sob. I can't help it.
He finally stops, but I can't. The pain won't lessen, and even the
lightheadedness I begin to feel won't make it go away.

"Goodnight," he whispers.

I hear the door close behind him.

--

I pray to the Virgin to make me obedient. I pray to the saints to guide me on
this path. I pray to the tiny birds that fly over my Master's roof for escape.
And I pray to my dandelion for his patience.

--

This is my last day. I can feel it. I let my thoughts float out over the desert
to the place where my Master's promise will be kept. And I wonder if the sun
will be warm for me there, too. Will I feel the wind against my skin. The dried
twigs and rocks. Or will I feel nothing.

At dusk my Master opens the door. I rise to my knees. He has a gift for me.
Gently, he removes the metal rings and replaces them with rough hooks through
the piercings. Shiny red globes. Christmas ornaments. I look at them, then up to
his smiling face. He is happy. So I am happy.

My Master lifts me to my feet and checks the locks on the cuffs holding my
wrists behind my back. I'm standing straight. Feet apart. He changes the short
chain between my ankles with one slightly longer and then leaves the room. I
shift my weight from foot to foot while I wait. Too nervous to stand still.

When he returns, he leads me out of the room and through his house. I stumble as
my feet touch the carpet and he steadies me. Eyes wide, I stare at everything.
I've never been allowed out of my room before, and I am certain this night is
special. That this will be my last night.

In his bedroom, my Master stands me at the foot of his bed. This is where my
Master sleeps. It has been so long since I knew a bed. Such a long time to sleep
on cold cement that I don't even begin to think that I'll have this pleasure
tonight. My master takes a glass from a dressing table and holds it to my lips.
Wine. Greedy, I drink as much as I can while the rest spills over my breasts. He
laughs while I lick my lips.

The wine in my empty stomach hits my head quickly. Unlocking my wristcuffs, he
places me down on his bed. The covers feel so soft against my back. I stretch my
arms along its surface. I close my eyes and sink into the feeling. Too soon he
grabs a wrist and ties it to the headboard. My other wrist follows and so do my
feet, leaving me spread out before him. Leaning over me, he kisses me. Then
undressed, he climbs onto the bed.

"Do you love me?"

He begins with slow caresses. From my throat to the lines of my ribs. From my
courser hair down the insides of my legs to my toes. He examines everything.
Touches everything. He explores me completely, occasionally tapping one of the
ornaments to watch the smile spread across my face. I tell myself I'm dreaming.
He feels so good. If I'm dreaming then everything is ok. There's no tomorrow. No
promises. No questions of love. I'm safe under my sheets. No rings in my
nipples. No Master pushing into me. Only my fingers. Only me pushing myself
against my hands. Only my own hot breath under the sheets. The cuffs don't bite.
No mouth on my breast. No tongue teasing the rings. No squeezing him inside me.
No lifting my hips as we rock together. The pressure building, the sweat between
us. His hands against my sides as the heat blooms through me.

--

Morning. No bonds. I pull the sheets off of my face. I'm alone. Reaching across
the mattress, I feel for his warmth. I wait a moment listening for him, but
there's no sound.

"Master?"

No one answers. Indecisive, I look around the room noticing each item as if it
were a clue to what I should do. Finally, I slip from the bed. And bare feet on
bare carpet, I walk to the doorway. Empty Hall. Empty Kitchen. Cautiously I find
the livingroom.

"Master?"

The house is empty. The sudden feeling of freedom seems so strange. I almost
want the bindings back. But I see the front door, and my feet carry me forward.
My hand hesitates at the knob. My mind is overflowing with conflicting thoughts
and fears. I shudder. I don't know what this means. I don't know what anything
means anymore. I almost don't move forward. I almost turn around and run to my
room. But I can't. There are wide open spaces for me. That was the promise.

I turn the knob and step out onto the porch. No old truck. Just a yard full of
Dandelions.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  celia batau


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





