BDSM Library - Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone




Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Some sorcerer's have all the luck, but the only luck Harriet seems to have is getting into the worst fixes.  What is a young witch to do?
Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.1 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c) 2001 Couture


"Har-ee-et! Get in here right now!"   

'Oh, this is not good.  Not good at all," Harriet thought, 
as she put down her toothbrush and spit the toothpaste out 
of her mouth, not even bothering to rinse it out.  She 
hurried to her bedroom - well it wasn't really her bedroom.  
It was Chloe's bedroom, as she had so often been told.  She 
only shared it with Harriet.  

Harriet was running by the time she reached Chloe's bedroom 
door, her pert ass flashing from the bottom of the towel 
she had wrapped around her waist that threatened to come 
undone.  She opened the door and entered to see what kind 
of trouble she had gotten into with Chloe.  

Chloe sat holding the skirt Harriet had worn yesterday and 
she looked very angry.  "You little bitch!  You have no 
respect for my privacy at all, do you?  What did I tell you 
about knocking, when the door is closed?" Chloe demanded.

Harriet looked down at her feet and stuttered, "Y-you said 
t-to always knock first be-before entering ma-am."

"Well . . . go back and do it right," Chloe said, snatching 
off the towel covering of Harriet's body.  Here, give me 
that before you go.  I have something on my shoe." 

Harriet turned swiftly and left the room, closing the door 
quietly behind her, covering her nakedness with her hands 
as best she could.   Shivering from the cold, her nipples 
hardened causing Harriet additional embarrassment as she 
knocked lightly on the door.  "Ma'am, can I please come 
in?" she asked.  It wasn't lost on her that two weeks ago, 
she would have never believed she would wind up in this 
predicament.

***

Two weeks earlier, Harriet was getting in the car with 
Chloe, as she did every morning so her cousin could take 
her to school.  Harriet had no other choice, because she 
didn't have a car or a license and had little hope of 
getting either until she was out on her own.  Just as she 
was sitting down, Chloe turned to her and said, "You should 
say, thank you ma'am for taking me to school today."

'Smart-ass!' Harriet thought, as the bile rose in her 
throat and her anger threatened to boil over. But, she had 
to control herself, because whenever there was a fight 
between Harriet and Chloe, in her aunt's eyes, it always 
seemed to be Harriet's fault. What made matters worse, was 
that just this morning, Chloe had pleaded with her mother 
to get out of taking *the geek* to school, but her mom said 
she had to anyway and that was final. 

Finally, the anger grew too much for Harriet's small body. 
"You're only my cousin, not my momma.  You're only taking 
me to school, because Auntie Hotter told you to anyway," 
Harriet smarted off, before she realized her mistake.

Chloe only looked at Harriet and cocked an eyebrow at her.  
This always served to frighten Harriet, because Chloe 
didn't give her that look often. It always happened when 
Harriet thought she had outsmarted Chloe, however, Chloe 
would always give her the look then pretend nothing was 
wrong, allowing Harriet to feel the joy of finally winning 
a confrontation.  Then, just when Harriet had forgotten 
what caused the look in the first place, Chloe would come 
up with something extremely wicked to punish Harriet with.

***

A few days later, while Harriet was sitting in the seat of 
Chloe's car, she began to feel a little twinge - an itch 
really.  The problem was it was on her privates.  She tried 
to ignore it, but it soon became unbearable.  Looking over 
to make sure Chloe wasn't watching; she placed her hand in 
her lap.  Then, using her middle finger, she rubbed up and 
down her pussy with a barely perceptible motion.  She 
sighed with relief and went to move her hand back to her 
side, but her relief was short-lived, the itch came back 
stronger than before.

She scratched again trying to keep her movements hidden, 
however, that just didn't seem to relieve the itch at all.  
Forgetting about decorum, she used her fingernail and 
scratched much harder this time.  

"Playing with your self now?" asked Chloe, with a knowing 
smirk on her face.

"No.  I'm itching for some reason," responded the 
discomforted teen.

"I bet," snorted Chloe.  Much to Harriet's dismay, her 
cousin kept a watchful eye on her making it impossible to 
scratch herself in peace.  However, soon the itching became 
unbearable and Harriet shifted in her seat, trying to use 
the seat, her thighs, anything to relieve the maddening 
itch in her crotch.  It didn't work, as a matter of fact, 
the itch was worse.  'She'll just have to see me,' thought 
Harriet, as she moved her hand to her crotch.

"Go ahead, rub that pussy, you little masturbator," Chloe 
said, deriding her cousin.

Harriet blushed at the older girl's words, but it was no 
use, she had to relieve the itch. With her skirt bunched up 
around her hand, Harriet scratched her pussy trying to 
relieve the unremitting prickle.  It was a great relief, 
but when she stopped it came back worse than before. 

"If you are going to stroke the kitty Harriet, you might as 
well do it right," said Chloe, humiliating her cousin even 
further.  "If you put your hand in your panties to pet it, 
you can really make it purr."

'Bitch!' Harriet thought, her face grimacing from trying to 
resist scratching.  It was useless; and worse, Chloe was 
right, it would be better if she could feel her fingernails 
against her skin.  She *needed* to feel her fingernails 
against her skin.

"Augh, it itches!" groaned Harriet.  Not caring anymore 
about what Chloe thought of her, Harriet pulled her skirt 
up, exposing her panties, then pushed her hand underneath 
them and began scratching her itching pussy for all she was 
worth.  

Chloe grinned from ear to ear.  'That little bitch Harriet 
will think twice before she smarts off at me again.  A 
little itching powder in the panties will teach her who the 
boss is.  This will be my best stunt ever,' thought the 
older girl.  Then she recognized the girls in the Explorer 
behind her and she began to slow down.  'Yes, and it just 
keeps getting better and better.' 

Harriet was too busy relieving her itch to pay attention to 
the slowing vehicle.  Her face had an almost orgasmic look 
of pleasure, as she soothed the burning in her crotch with 
her fingers.  She looked over momentarily at Chloe only to 
see her cousin's face wrinkled in mock disgust.  The sound 
of a car horn next to her startled her, causing her to jerk 
her hand out of her panties and look to the left.  'Oh 
God!' it was three girls from her school, pointing and 
laughing at her.  How would she ever explain?  Harriet 
blushed and covered her face with her hands to escape from 
the embarrassment.  Then Chloe shifted gears and the car 
sped off, leaving Harriet wondering if her cousin had let 
the girls see her on purpose or if Chloe had been just as 
surprised as she had been.

Finally, they arrived at school without Harriet suffering 
further humiliation.  The poor girl had managed not to 
scratch herself again, but the need to do so was rising.  
"You better not embarrass me today Hari," warned Chloe, as 
Harriet left the car.  Harriet didn't even give a retort, 
she was too busy rushing to the bathroom to relieve her 
itch.

***

The school day was horrible, probably the worst in 
Harriet's life.  Usually, she enjoyed school.  Well, except 
for being the geek part.  With her long black frizzy hair, 
glasses, and being straight as a stick, it excluded her 
from hanging out with the *in* crowd.  Then, there was the 
fact that she had to wear Chloe's hand-me-downs.  Now, I 
know what you are thinking, Chloe had very nice clothes so 
what was the problem?  Well, Harriet didn't get those 
clothes, you see. Chloe didn't give clothes to Harriet 
until they were sufficiently worn and hopelessly out of 
style.  She also took this a step further by making sure 
nothing she gave Harriet matched.  

But even with all this, school was the one place where 
Harriet could get away from Chloe and her aunt.  It was 
also a place where people liked her because she was smart 
and she wasn't picked on all the time -- like she was at 
home.

However, today all that changed.  Due to the itching *down 
there*, it made it impossible to concentrate on the 
question her teacher's were asking.  In her first class she 
was thankfully able to sneak a few scratches in to relieve 
the horrible itching.  However, by her second class word 
had gotten around that Harriet had been caught masturbating 
on the way to school.  They watched her closely after that, 
not allowing Harriet a moment of respite.  Unable to stand 
it anymore, she asked to go to the bathroom during class so 
she could scratch herself in privacy.  When she left, 
everyone stared at her and grinned. Harriet could almost 
feel the mockery from them as she left the room. 

Harriet ran to the bathroom with tears in her eyes, but 
thankful she could relieve the itching, if only for a 
moment.  She locked the door to the stall, pulled her 
panties to her ankles, and sat down on the toilet with her 
dress hiked up.  Then she began tracing her sex with her 
fingernail, enjoying the wonderful feeling of relief.  She 
started to pay attention to how it felt when she touched 
certain parts of her pussy.  Running her fingernail through 
her dark brown pubes calmed the itching, but she noticed 
that when she traced it along the moist pink lips of her 
sex; the itching faded away - to be replaced by a warm 
tingly feeling.  

She had been feeling a bit of the tingly feeling all day, 
while her thoughts were consumed by her itching pussy and 
knowing that people were looking at her.  She saw her 
little pearl peek out of its hood and wondered if she 
dared.  Harriet wasn't even feeling the itch anymore and 
she gave an experimental squeeze of her clit.  

"Ahh!" she moaned in pleasure.

"Masturbator!" she heard shouted above her.  Harriet looked 
up and saw Jenny Morris, causing her to almost faint from 
humiliation.  The distraught girl leaned forward covering 
her nakedness.

"I didn't believe them at first, but it's true.  Wait 'till 
I tell everyone.  This is gonna be so fucking funny!" 
laughed Jenny.

"Please don't tell.  Please -- I'm begging you Jenny."

"Oh, I don't know about that Harriet.  Think about how 
funny everyone will think this is."

"Please Jenny, I'll do anything you want.  Just don't tell 
anyone."

'This is horrible,' thought Harriet.  'How will I ever live 
this down.' She watched her tears splatter against the tile 
floor.  Then, she heard a knock at the door of the stall.

"Anything?" asked Jenny, her voice almost a whisper.

Harriet pulled her panties back up and her dress back down 
over her legs then turned the latch at the door.  Jenny 
opened the door and then closed and latched it behind her.

"Yes," muttered Harriet, wiping away her tears.  Maybe she 
could get out of this after all.

"Let me see you do it," said Jenny, her eyes flashing at 
the sitting girl.

Harriet's eyes widened in disbelief at the petulant girl 
"What?" she sputtered.

"I want to see you do it.  I want to watch you while you 
masturbate."

Harriet couldn't believe it.  This girl wanted to watch her 
do it - to masturbate.  The very thought of it was both 
horrifying and arousing at the same time.  But, it seemed 
to be the only way out of her fix.  "You promise you won't 
tell anyone."

"I promise," Jenny said, crossing her fingers behind her 
back.

Reluctantly, Harriet pulled her skirt back up, exposing her 
panties.  Then she put her hand beneath the white cotton 
and began to scratch herself while Jenny looked on.  The 
look in Jenny's leering eyes caused Harriet to blush and 
turn her gaze back to the digits moving within her panties.

"No, I want to *see* you," Jenny said, grabbing Harriet 
wrist and pulling her hand out of her panties.  Then she 
grabbed both of the small girl's hands, guiding them as 
Harriet followed the unspoken orders and pulled her panties 
off.  

"Here, let me help." Still holding both of Harriet's hands, 
Jenny moved around behind the sitting girl and straddled 
the toilet.  Now both girls shared the seat, with Harriet 
between Jenny's legs.  Jenny guided one of Harriet's hands 
to her red puffy pussy and began to move it up and down and 
in circles, until Harriet got the message and began 
stroking and teasing her pussy.  "What's that?" the girl 
asked pointing to the red birthmark on Harriet's pubic 
mound.  

"It's a birthmark," Harriet replied.  She didn't know where 
the red mark had come from, she assumed it had always been 
there.  

"It's cute, it kind of looks like a flame.  Hot . . . hot 
pussy.  Harriet hot pussy," Jenny said, embarrassing 
Harriet further, as she ran the small girl's hand other 
hand up and down her thighs, until the be speckled girl 
opened her legs widely.  Next she brought the hand to 
Harriet's breasts.  

Through a haze of lust, Harriet looked down in wonder. 
Somehow, by just moving Harriet's hands, Jenny had 
succeeded in getting Harriet to strip herself and lewdly 
rub sex and pinch and pull on her smallish nipples.  

Harriet could feel something building up and she worried 
that she was about to pee in front of Jenny.  "No - No 
please, I'm about to pee!" she cried between her moans.  

Jenny pulled Harriet's coated hand from between her legs 
and then guided her left hand in its place.  "You really 
have never done this before, have you?" she asked.  "You're 
a little virgin aren't you?

Harriet blushed.  Yes, she was a virgin, but that was not 
something you went around and told everybody, if you didn't 
want to get made fun of.  However, it wasn't something she 
could very well hide, when she sat there playing with 
herself in front of Jenny.  "Yes," she muttered softly.

"Wow, this is great," exclaimed Jenny.  "I have my very own 
virgie!  You are just going to love this Hari, you are 
about to discover your pussy!  When, I'm finished with you, 
you're gonna love that little pussy so much!"

Jenny directed Harriet's hand back down to her sex and 
began to give the young girl a guided tour of her pussy. 

"Feel those Harriet, that's your cunt lips.  Pull them out 
and away, now put the lip between your finger and your 
thumb and rub it up and down.  That's good, pull it out and 
away again.  It feels good doesn't it?  Do you love the way 
your pussy feels?"

Harriet's chest was beginning to heave as the arousal 
permeated her body.  "Yes," she gasped, it did feel good, 
it felt real good.  The itching was only a vague memory.

"Talk to me Hari, tell me you love your pussy," commanded 
Jenny, pulling Harriet's hand off of her cunt.

"I love it.  I love my pussy," Harriet said and she was 
rewarded by Jenny pressing her hands back to her sex.
"Now touch your clit.  Yes, right there, pull the skin 
above it up toward your belly button.  My - my Harri, you 
have a big clit for such a small girl. As a matter of fact, 
I think you have the biggest clit I've ever seen.  Gently 
rub around it now, that's the magic spot."

Harriet moaned loudly, as she circled her clit with her 
index finger, her hips thrusting upwards involuntarily.

"You love that clit don't you Hari?  Tell me you love it 
baby!"  Jenny said, pulling Harriet's struggling hands away 
from her sex.  

"I love it, I love my clit," Harriet moaned, trying to 
force her hand back to her sex.

"Not yet," admonished Jenny, maneuvering Harriet's hand to 
the opening of her pussy and aiming a finger in.  Harriet 
pushed a finger into her sex, but stopped just shy of her 
hymen.  

"Why are you - oh you are a real live virgie, aren't you?  
Well, take your finger all the way out and then push it 
back in.  Out - in - out - in, that's called fucking - 
*finger-fucking*.  You are fucking yourself now Hari."

Harriet was possessed by her mounting passion.  She worked 
her finger in and out of her sex, enjoying this wonderful 
feeling.  'Why did I wait so long to do this?' Harriet 
thought.
    
Jenny eased her hand inside of her own panties and began to 
masturbate as well.  "Listen to those wet fuck sounds you 
are making Hari.  You are a nasty girl aren't you?  You 
love pussy don't you Hari?  Tell me again how you love 
pussy."

Harriet had never felt these feelings before.  The 
naughtiness and the pleasure had her head swimming in a 
sexual haze.  She loved it and she didn't want to stop.  "I 
love it.  I love pussy," she said, as her fingers began to 
thrust faster, threatening to break her hymen.

"Easy there baby, you'll break it," Jenny said, pulling 
Harriet's hand out of her pussy.  Harriet struggled against 
the blonde, but Jenny was stronger.  "Do you love it? Do 
you love pussy?"

"Yes," Harriet begged.  "I love pussy.  I love pussy."

"That's it girl.  Keep telling me that," Jenny said, 
allowing Harriet to stroke her clit again.

"I love pussy.  I love pussy. Ahhhh I love pussy. . . " 
Harriet repeated, as she leaned back against Jenny.

The blonde girl hugged her arms around Harriet and ran her 
hands down from her smallish breasts to her dripping sex.  
"Can I touch it Hari?  Can I feel your hymen?" 

"Yes," Harriet moaned, her body writhing in pleasure, as 
she reluctantly removed her hands from her sex.  

Jenny slipped her finger up into Harriet's hot channel, 
exploring the inexperienced girl's cunt and prodding 
threateningly at her hymen.  "Would you give it to me Hari?  
Can I have your virginity?" Jenny asked.  "Then, when 
someone asks where you lost your special thing, would you 
tell them that you gave it to Jenny while you were in the 
bathroom?" 

Harriet nodded imperceptibly.  

"I bet you would beg me to take it, if I asked you to," 
Jenny said, keeping her fingers perfectly still inside 
Harriet's squirming body.  "Beg me Hari, beg me to make you 
a woman."  

Harriet opened her legs wider and tried to thrust against 
Jenny's finger.  "Please Jenny," she begged.  "Make me a 
woman."  Her virginity seemed a small price to pay for the 
pleasure she felt lay just beyond her reach.

Harriet felt Jenny pull her hand back beneath Jenny's 
skirt.  She didn't need to be told what to do as she pushed 
her hand underneath the dominant girl's panties and began 
to stroke her wet sex.

Jenny withdrew her finger form Harriet's pussy and placed 
it a few inches from her mouth, her other she placed a few 
inches beyond her pussy.  
 
Jenny brought Harriet's hand up to the young girl's face 
and Harriet no longer fought against Jenny's control.  
"Look at that Hari.  It's coated with your fuck juice.  
Smell it, smell the aroma of your cunt and tell me if you 
still love it," Jenny said, as she listened to Harriet 
whisper quietly.  "I can't hear you."

"I love it - I love pussy," Harriet said louder than 
before.  She inhaled her musky scent.  It wasn't bad, but 
it wasn't as much fun as playing with her self either.  

Jenny forced Harriet's fingers right under her nose. "Smell 
it like you love it!" she ordered.  

Harriet obeyed, breathing deeply of her pungent odor.  
While she did so, Jenny teased the young girl's pubic hair.  
She placed her forefinger in between Harriet's lips.

"Taste it.  Taste yourself Hari!" Jenny ordered and turned 
her head to the side in distaste. Jenny responded by moving 
her hand to Hari's thigh and massaging it.  The poor girl 
looked down to see what why the hand below was no longer 
giving her pleasure.  When she did, she noticed the hand 
moved down flicking her distended labia with a fingernail.  
The young girl threw her head back in frustration and 
moaned loudly and she felt the hand move up to her belly.  

'So that's it,' thought Harriet.  'A finger for a finger.' 
  She looked at the wet coated finger in front of her face 
and knew what must be done.  She leaned forward and stuck 
out the tip of her pink tongue and sampled the taste of her 
sex.  She was rewarded with a gentle caress of her tiny 
nubbin.   "Ahh," she moaned in pleasure, before swallowing 
the digit in her mouth.  As she did so, Jenny's finger was 
inserted once more into her hot pussy.  Soon the young girl 
was moving her head to and fro, sucking the finger like a 
small cock, while Jenny worked her from below.  

Jenny switched hands and pulled Harriet's right hand from 
her pussy and moved her left hand in place.  Next, Jenny 
balled up her hand which was already slick with Harriet's 
juices and spit inside of it.  Then she brought the 
dripping fist up to Hari's face.  "That's my pussy Hari.  
Fuck it with your finger."  

Harriet was puzzled by Jenny's statement, but couldn't see 
the harm.  With the index finger that was already soaked 
with Jenny's juices, she proceeded to push it in and out 
the hole in the blonde's fist, making wet sounds with each 
thrust.

"Do you love pussy Hari?"

"Yes."

"Do you love my pussy?" Jenny said, moving her opposite 
hand up and proceeded to diddle with Harriet's clit.

"Yes," Harriet moaned.

Jenny pulled her hand away from Hari's thrusting finger and 
brought it to her mouth.  "Then lick it.  Lick my pussy," 
she ordered.  

Harriet didn't understand the point in licking the wet 
dripping hand, but if it led to the feeling of pleasure she 
felt lay just out of reach . . . Upon her realization, she 
eagerly thrust her tongue into Jenny's fist and licked out 
every trace of nectar she could find and Jenny rewarded 
Hari by working the young girl's clit faster and faster

Jenny was beside herself with wicked glee.  She had the 
little virgie, practically begging to lick her pussy.  
Soon, she hoped she could give the little geek a chance at 
the *real thing*.  The very thought was enough to push her 
over the edge and her hips ground her own mound against 
Harriet's pert ass.  

Harriet's mind grew dim, as she suddenly felt a tingly 
feeling all over her body.  The feeling grew, becoming a 
hot wet liquid wave of pleasure that began from outside of 
her body then passed through and concentrated in her pussy.

She was cumming!

The two girls became a writhing mass of limbs as their 
bodies shook with orgasm.  Suddenly, all the doors to the 
stalls flew open and the toilets flushed themselves in 
unison.  As the spent girl's came down from their high, 
Jenny listened to the sound of water running from all the 
faucets in the restroom.  "Oh God, what the fuck happened?" 
she mumbled.

Harriet's body hung limply in Jenny's lap.  She rolled her 
head back, and whispered, "Oh God, what have I done . . ."

. . . to be continued.


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to 
the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all 
rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.


  









Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.2 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.  This chapter is 
dedicated to honorary Frogwart Witches Academy graduate 
Erika for the editing.

(c) 2001 Couture

Harriet's itching had almost disappeared after her 
rendezvous in the bathroom.  However, as soon as she went 
to her next class and her juices had started to dry, the 
itching returned with a vengeance.  Due to the sticky 
remains of her secretions and the friction, the itching 
powder was driving her mad.  She endured the torture as 
long as she was able, but at last she could stand it no 
more.  She excused herself from class and went to the 
principal's office.  There, she explained that she was 
having stomach problems, although she was sure from the way 
the principal had looked knowingly at her while her legs 
squirmed, that the woman assumed she was having problems of 
a different sort.  

The good news was that finally Chloe was called to the 
office and Harriet was going to get to go home where she 
could get some privacy and relief from the maddening itch.  
Chloe had acted all concerned and nice in front of the 
principle, which pissed Harriet off to no end.  However, as 
soon as they were safely in the car, Chloe reverted back to 
her usual hateful self.

"What's the matter you little pervert?  They didn't allow 
you to masturbate in class?"  Chloe laughed.

Though she was just joking, her mean comments hit too close 
to home for Harriet.  The poor girl hadn't been able to 
sooth the itching at all for the stares and comments of her 
classmate's.

Harriet started crying in shame as she remembered the 
accusations and what had happened in the restroom.  

"Let me see what it looks like Hari.  You are probably just 
trying to play hooky." Chloe said.

Hari reluctantly pulled her dress up and slid her panties 
to the side.  Chloe was taken aback when she saw the red 
irritated condition of Harriet's pussy.   The itching 
powder package *had* warned against putting the powder on 
genital areas, but where the hell else was Chloe going to 
put it?  It was a simple fact: Itching powder went down 
your pants.  What Chloe needed to do was to find a way to 
dispose of the evidence, because as soon as her mom got 
home, she was sure Harriet was going to the doctor.  

"It looks like you've been masturbating too much is all.  
Got your self all damp down there.  What you need to do is 
take your panties off and let that nasty thing air out."

Harriet was surprised by her cousin's concern.  Maybe Chloe 
wasn't all bad after all.  Harriet took off her panties and 
Chloe snatched them out of her grasp.  Soon, the evidence 
of the practical joke was laying on the side of the road as 
the panties were discarded out the window of the car.  

Meanwhile, Harriet struggled against the wind, as it 
attempted to raise her skirt and expose her sex.  

"Let it go, so the wind can dry it, dummy," Chloe 
admonished.

Harriet let go of her skirt and noticed that Chloe was 
right.  It did appear that the wind relieved her condition, 
but it still itched rather badly.  Just not the insane 
itching she experienced earlier.  Unknowingly, her finger 
had began to tease her slit, while she sat with her hand 
over her lap.  Chloe was beginning to grow aroused herself, 
as she watched with great interest, while Harriet continued 
masturbating with greater and greater obviousness.

"Stop it you little freak!  Wait till I tell mom!" Chloe 
warned.

Harriet snatched her hand off her sex and pulled her skirt 
back down.  "Please don't tell.  Please," she begged.

"Maybe I won't, but first, put your hands behind your back, 
since you obviously can't control yourself, pervert."    

Harriet sat with her hands behind her back, in utter 
humiliation the rest of the way home, her skirt blowing in 
the wind and her sex visible to anyone who passed their 
car.  "Please God, don't let anyone see me.  Please God, 
don't let anyone see me," she whispered over and over 
again.  She knew she shouldn't be feeling aroused from 
being displayed this way and wondered what was wrong with 
her.

Once they were home, Chloe knew from the look of Harriet's 
irritated pussy, the girl would be going to the doctor when 
her mom got back.  The panties had already been discarded, 
now all that remained was a quick bath to clean up the rest 
of the evidence.  

"Come on Hari, let's get you a bath before mom gets home, 
because you *smell*!"  Chloe laughed and jabbed Harriet in 
the ribs, before hauling the thin girl to the bathroom and 
drawing the bath.  Harriet felt her cousin tugging her 
shirt up over her head, soon it was off and Chloe reached 
around for the clasp to Harriet's bra.  

"Stop - wait Chlo, I can do it myself," Harriet protested 
and struggled against the larger girl.  

Chloe made an obvious show of wrinkling her nose in 
distaste.  "Ewww, your breath smells like fish.  What did 
you have for lunch today?"

'Oh God,' thought Harriet, as she remembered licking her 
pungent juices off of Jenny's fingers.  She immediately 
stopped protesting and allowed Chloe to remove her bra so 
that her cousin wouldn't deduce the source of the odor.

Soon, her erect nipples were displayed to the hungry gaze 
of the cousin.  "Aw, look at the teenie breasts.  They are 
so precious." 

The moment Harriet placed her hands over her breasts; Chloe 
jerked the small girl's skirt down to her feet.  "Yuck, 
there's that smell again," she chided, making an obvious 
show of tracing it back to its very wet and aroused source 
. . . Harriet's pussy.  "Disgusting."

Harriet wanted to curl up and die from embarrassment. She 
moved one of her hands from her breasts to cover her sex, 
but Chloe slapped it away. "No Hari, no touching it.  
You'll only make the rash worse."  Then she pushed the 
reluctant girl into the bath and forced her to sit down.  
Harriet watched her cousin with growing trepidation as the 
larger girl took off her shoes and socks, followed by her 
mini-skirt.  'She can't possible expect to get in the bath 
with me!' wondered Hari.  Much to Harriet's relief, Chloe 
didn't get into the tub with Harriet.  Instead, she sat on 
the edge of the bathtub, with Harriet between her spread 
legs.

Chloe squirted some bath gel on her left hand and moved it 
toward Harriet's crotch, causing the embarrassed girl to 
squeeze her legs tightly together.  "I-I-I can do it m-
myself," stuttered Harriet.

"No, I know what you want to do, you little masturbator!" 
jibed Chloe.  Instead of trying to batter her way past the 
tightly clenched knees, she lathered and massaged Harriet's 
stomach and thighs, until the small girl began to relax her 
guard.

"Come on Hari, you know this has to be done," soothed 
Chloe.

Harriet reluctantly spread her legs and allowed her cousin 
to bathe her.  She hated being in the position and 
anticipated some sort of cruel trick. However, soon the 
teasing fingers drove these doubts from her mind.

"There, that's not so bad, is it?" cooed Chloe.

"No," whispered Harriet, as she suppressed a moan.

Soon, Harriet's legs were spread wide, as Chloe openly 
fondled her cousin.  "Wait, right here and I'll be right 
back with something for the itching."  Chloe got up and 
pulled the drain to the bathtub.  She wrapped a towel 
around her middle, and turned to leave, but hesitated at 
the door before looking back suspiciously at Harriet.  She 
reached underneath the towel and pulled off her panties and 
held them stretched in her hands between her index fingers 
and thumbs.  "Here Hari, hold these -- just like this," she 
demanded.

Harriet obeyed, unthinkingly, wondering what her cousin was 
up to.  "Those wet fingerprints better only be in those two 
spots when I get back," she warned.  "Otherwise, I'll know 
you were playing with yourself."  Then she turned and 
walked away smiling, leaving Harriet, naked, cold, and 
alone in the bathroom staring at the panties.  

Harriet was sitting as modestly as possible, while 
obediently holding the panties as she had been ordered, 
when Chloe returned carrying a small bowl.  She was also 
blushing profusely, because she had smelled the scent of 
her cousin's panties while she was gone and she hoped Chloe 
wouldn't somehow notice.  

Once again, Chloe sat down on the edge of the tub again 
straddling her cousin.  When Harriet looked up, she was 
struck dumb, by the fact that she could see Chloe's naked 
sex where the towel had fallen away.  She was so caught up 
in the sight of her cousin's downy fur that she was 
completely unaware of Chloe dumping the contents of the 
bowl out on her sex until it was too late.

"Ohhhh..." Harriet moaned at the warm sensation.  "What are 
you doooing?" she groaned out loud, as the Chloe began to 
massage the mixture into her sex.

"This will help sooth your rash," stated Chloe as she 
continued her ministrations.  Her fingers made squishing 
sounds in the oatmeal, while they danced along Harriet's 
sex.  "How does that feel Hari?"

Harriet struggled to keep her eyes off her cousin's pussy 
as she looked up.  "Yes," she breathed.  "It - it feels 
good."

"Were you staring at my pussy Harriet?"

"No," Harriet blushed, looking away, but not before her 
gaze lingered on the blond fur of Chloe's crotch. 

"Yes you were, you little liar!  Look at the way you are 
blushing."

"I'm not lying," Harriet snapped.  "Why would I want to 
look at your ugly pussy anyway!"  Harriet instantly 
regretted her choice of words as soon as they slipped out 
of her mouth.  

Chloe's gaze hardened to cold steel and she withdrew her 
hand from Harriet's sex.  Then she wiped the oatmeal off on 
Harriet's face, causing Harriet to turn her head away from 
her cousin.  

"Look at me Hari!" Chloe demanded.

Harriet opened her eyes and looked up, only to be blinded 
by a bright flash.  'Oh no, a picture camera!' thought the 
horrified girl.

"You're the one with the ugly pussy.  Look how gross it 
looks covered in oatmeal.  I wonder what the girls at 
school will think you were doing or how you got oatmeal on 
your mouth as well.  Hee-hee, maybe I'll tell them that's 
how you eat your breakfast!"  Chloe laughed at Harriet's 
distress.

Harriet moved to get up out of the tub with tears in her 
eyes, but Chloe put a hand on her head and forced her back 
down.  "I'm warning you Harriet, if you try to get this 
camera, I'm gonna make copies and post them all over the 
school."

Harriet slumped down in the tub and sobbed.

"There, that's better," Chloe said, patting Harriet on the 
head.  "Now, I remember you saying something about my 
pussy.  What was that you said, Hari?"

With her head hanging down in defeat, Harriet muttered, 
"It's pretty.  You pussy is pretty."

Chloe slid to the bottom end of the tub, leaning against 
the wall with her legs spread.  "You're not even looking at 
it now.  Look at it and tell me again."

Harriet turned and looked at her cousin's sex.  From the 
light triangle of blonde hairs to her smooth pink skin, 
Harriet had to admit that it was pretty.  'Why does she 
have to be so much prettier than me?' Harriet wondered.  
"It's beautiful Chloe," she said blushing.

Harriet couldn't believe how uninhibited her cousin was, 
she actually reached her right hand down and spread her 
nether lips between her index and middle finger.  "Is it 
the prettiest pussy you've ever seen?" Chloe asked, 
practically preening.

"Y-yes, it's the prettiest p-pussy I've ever seen."  
Harriet wondered silently why it was making her so flushed 
to look at her hateful cousin in this manner.

"Is it better than Jenny's?" Chloe asked, suddenly serious.

'Oh God, how much does she know,' wondered Harriet in 
horror.  She knew she had to play along at least long 
enough to find out what Jenny had told her.  The situation 
suddenly went from bad to worse for Harriet.  "Y-yes . . . 
It's better than J-jenny's."

"Jenny said you touched hers.  Touch mine and see if it 
feels nicer."

Harriet turned around and knelt in the tub in front of her 
cousin.  Having no other choice, she traced a finger along 
the petals of her cousins pink flower.  She glanced up only 
to see her cousin's gaze bearing down on her.  Harriet's 
eyes lowered and stared at the blonde sex spread in front 
of her eyes.

"Well?" Chloe asked.

"I-it feels n-nicer, Chloe," Harriet muttered, withdrawing 
her hand.

Chloe grabbed Harriet's hand and brought it back up to her 
sex.  "Like Jenny.  Do it like you did for Jenny," Chloe 
demanded.

'Oh God, she wants me to toss her off!' thought Harriet, 
horrified at the prospect.  However, she didn't see a way 
out of her dilemma; Chloe not only had pictures, but had 
found out what she had done in the bathroom as well.  Her 
fingers slowly began to trace the familiar contours of her 
cousin's sex.

Poor Harriet couldn't think of a more debasing position she 
could be in.  There she was, naked and kneeling between 
Chloe's spread legs, bringing her to orgasm with her 
fingers.  At first, Harriet tried to do it as fast as 
possible to minimize her humiliation.  However, Chloe 
wasn't pleased with this and began to direct her actions.  

"Slow down Hari, we've got all the time in the world.  Work 
your finger in my pussy.  Mmmmm, that feels good.  Now 
stroke it up and down between my lips.  Oh yeah, now move 
it in circles around my clit.  Fuck Hari!  I see why you 
play with yourself all the time now - you are so fucking 
good at it.  Uh-uh-oh"  Chloe's face scrunched up in 
pleasure and her hips began to pump in time with Harriet's 
fingers.  "Oh fuck!  Here it comes!  Faster!  Faster! 
Faster!  Ahhhhhh . . ." she moaned, as she climaxed on 
Harriet's skillful fingers.  

Harriet was just glad it was finished.  She moved to get 
up, but Chloe had other plans.

"No, not yet Hari - you said my pussy looks better and 
feels better, but how does it smell?"

Harriet inhaled the aroma of Chloe's sex.  It was musky and 
not distasteful.  Harriet secretly wished it wasn't. It was 
only fair for her cruel cousin to have a pussy that stunk, 
but it wasn't the case.  "It smells nice," she replied, 
keeping her eyes downcast.

"Does it smell better than Jenny's?"

Harriet's blush spread down to her smallish breast, as she 
wondered just how much Chloe knew about what had happened 
with Jenny in the bathroom.  "Y-yes, it smells n-nicer than 
Jenny's."  Harriet didn't know which girl smelled the best, 
but she did know what Chloe wanted to hear.

"Does it smell better than chocolate chip cookies?"

"Y-yes," she replied.  Harriet couldn't believe her 
cousin's nerve.  Nor could she believe that being treated 
in this manner was turning her on. 

"Does it *taste* better?" Chloe said, licking her lips.

"No, n-not that," Harriet said, shaking her head rapidly, 
as she backed away from Chloe.  There was no way the young 
girl could rationalize that.  First of all, this was her 
cousin.  Secondly, it wasn't as if it was just a kiss on 
her breast or bottom.  There really wasn't much difference 
between the skin on someone's cheek, than on their ass or 
their breast.  However, after her orgasm Chloe's sex was 
swollen and covered in her sexual honey.

Chloe advanced on her cousin who was huddled on the other 
side of the tub.  "What?  Is my pussy not good enough for 
you?"

"N-No," Harriet stuttered.  "It's not that, it's just-"

"It's just *nothing*," Chloe interrupted.  "Jenny said you 
tasted hers and you tasted yours.  Now, I want to know 
whose is the best and I want to know *right now*!" Chloe 
grabbed Harriet painfully by the nose.  "Okay?"

Harriet couldn't even shake her head because Chloe was 
still pinching her nose.  "Okay . . . I'll do it," she 
said, in a very nasal tone.

She brought her hand up that she had pleasured her cousin 
with earlier and tasted the remnants of the dried nectar.  
It tasted much like the flavors she had tasted earlier, no 
better or worse.  However, she knew Chloe didn't want to 
hear that.  "It tastes delicious -- even better than 
Jenny's."

"No Hari, I don't care how your finger tastes.  I want to 
know if my pussy tastes better."  Chloe stood above Harriet 
and spread her labia between her fingers.  

Harriet knelt at her feet, staring fearfully at her pussy.  
"Come on Hari, stop being stupid and taste it and you 
better not try doing anything nasty," Chloe warned.

'Well, at least she doesn't think I'm doing anything 
sexual,' Harriet thought, slightly relieved.  Seeing no way 
out of her situation except by giving in and doing as Chloe 
asked, Harriet stuck out her tongue and touched the most 
convenient part of Chloe's intimate anatomy . . . her clit.

"Ugh!" Chloe spat, grabbing a bar of soap.  "I warned you 
not to try anything.  Why I ought to wash your mouth out 
with soap for sneaking a lick on my clit!"  Then, her gaze 
softened as she changed her mind.  "But, that would 
probably mess up your taste buds and you wouldn't be able 
to tell me who tasted the best.  Taste it right this time," 
she demanded menacingly.

Harriet moved her head towards Chloe's sex once again.  She 
looked at it, but was scared of messing up again and 
getting punished.  "I'm sorry Chloe, but I don't know what 
you want me to do," she whined.

"Well, why didn't you ask the first time, silly.  Stick 
your tongue out all the way.  Yes, like that, but cup it 
into a little bowl.  Now, put it at the bottom of my 
opening.  Ahhh . . ."

Harriet couldn't believe what she was doing.  She couldn't 
make an excuse for it; she had touched her tongue on a 
pussy.  'Does this make me a lesbian?' she wondered.

"Yes, Hari, that's good, but don't just use the tip, use 
your whole tongue.  Mmmmm, just pretend you are eating ice-
cream and lick it all the way to the top now."  Chloe 
couldn't believe it, but she had gotten Harriet to lick her 
pussy.  Not only that, but Harriet had also masturbated in 
public and fingered two girls.  The best part of it was - 
she was responsible for it all.

Now, Chloe had always enjoyed getting her own way - who 
doesn't?  But, she had discovered something else.  She got 
off on the power and control she exerted over her cousin.  
She never felt as alive as she felt at this moment.  She 
determined then and there that she wasn't going to let that 
feeling go, whatever the cost.

"How does my pussy taste, Hari?"

"It tastes nice," muttered Harriet.

"Just nice?  Jenny said you loved hers."

"I love yours too, Chloe."

Chloe put her hand underneath Harriet's chin and tilted her 
head up, so that she could look in her eyes.  "Who has the 
prettiest, best smelling, softest, and best tasting pussy 
ever, Hari?"

"Y-you do Chloe.  Y-your p-pussy is the best," Harriet 
said, blushing profusely.  She hated being humiliated by 
her cousin like this, but she would do it all again if she 
could satisfy the burning frustration boiling in her sex.

Chloe practically beamed with pride.  If there was one 
thing Chloe liked besides getting her way and that was when 
people told her she what she already knew so well; that she 
was better than everyone else.

"I thought so.  Turn around so we can get you cleaned up.  
Mom will be here shortly and then you are going to the 
doctor, so they can see what's wrong with your pussy."  
Harriet turned around obediently and allowed Chloe rinse 
the oatmeal off her sex, dying for an orgasm that never 
came.  She felt as if her life had changed this afternoon 
and she wondered with dread and increasing secret 
anticipation what events lay in store for her in the Hotter 
household after today.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to 
the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all 
rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.













Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.3 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2001 Couture

***********

 "Hurry Hari, I heard Mom's car pull up.  Come on, 
arms up, so I can get you dressed." Chloe said.

'I can do it myself,' thought Harriet.  However, Chloe 
was standing there holding the dress over Harriet's 
head.  Just wanting to something to cover her 
nakedness, Harriet obeyed her cousin.  

"Hari, go ahead and put some shoes on," Chloe said, as 
she slid her jeans up her legs.

Harriet fidgeted with the hem of the short summer 
dress.  "I-I need something on underneath, Chloe."  
Harriet thought about the old saying of being naked 
underneath your clothes.  She never really understood 
what it meant until now, but she really did feel 
naked, standing there in the light cotton dress with 
nothing on underneath.

"Don't be silly Hari.  You're not gonna be able to 
wear anything like that in your condition."  Chloe 
heard the front door close down stairs, then shouted, 
"Mom, come upstairs, Harriet's sick!"

Chloe's mother came into the room.  "Hello, sweetie," 
she said to her daughter, then turned to look at her 
niece.  "What is it *this* time?" she asked.

"My-my-my-" Harriet stuttered.

"Harriet's got female problems," Chloe finished for 
her cousin.  

"Hari, lay back on the bed, so Mom can see."

Harriet lay back on the bed, thankful for once to let 
her cousin take charge.  This feeling was short-lived, 
however, when her cousin squatted over her and lifted 
her legs up and pressed them firmly against her chest.  
Harriet could see anything except the firm cheeks of 
Chloe's denim covered ass, but she could only imagine 
what she looked like in this shameful position.  She 
tried to think of something else to keep from getting 
more turned on than she already was, but it was 
impossible.

"See Mom, it's all red and swollen.  And she said it 
was itching something awful."  Chloe pulled Harriet's 
legs back even further.  

Chloe kept a straight face, but inside she was 
laughing with delight.  She could only imagine what 
her cousin must be feeling right now with her pussy 
and little rosebud exposed.  "Mom, is it normal for 
the little hole to spasm like that?" she asked 
innocently.

Poor Harriet had been doing her best to clench her 
ass, to try to protect her remaining modesty, but 
found she wasn't even to be allowed this modesty.  She 
reluctantly relaxed ass and was sure they could see 
her every dirty bit.

"You haven't been doing anything you aren't supposed 
to *have you*?" her aunt asked.

"N-no," Harriet lied and prayed Chloe would keep her 
secret.

"You don't sound very convinced," said her aunt.  
"Well, get in the car and let's get you to the 
doctor." 

Harriet got into the backseat of the car and was 
surprised when Chloe sat next to her.  Usually, Chloe 
always sat in the front seat with her mother.  

Mrs. Hotter noticed, and even said something about it.  
"Why are you riding back there Chloe?"

"I thought I would ride back here with Hari, since she 
isn't feeling good."

"That is so sweet honey.  Isn't that nice of Chloe, 
Harriet?"

'Nice?  I'm being taken to the emergency room and all 
you care about is how nice Chloe is being?' Harriet 
thought to herself.  "Yes, auntie," she grudgingly 
admitted.

However, Harriet thought Chloe wasn't being very nice 
at all.  The moment they pulled out of the drive, 
Chloe was pulling Harriet's skirt up.  The small girl 
struggled against her cousin, drawing her aunt's 
attention.

"Sit still back there or I'll give you something to 
squirm about!" Her aunt threatened, looking 
disapprovingly from the rearview mirror.

"Mom, the poor thing must be itching half to death," 
Chloe said.  "Hari, just close your eyes and lean back 
and try to think of something else."

"But-but-" Harriet sputtered, still struggling.

"No buts, you little brat, do as your sister says."

'Damn it!' thought Harriet.  'That bitch is the reason 
I got in trouble in the first place.  Not even my 
sister, anyway.'  She glared at Chloe with contempt.

Chloe ignored Harriet's blistering look and grinned 
with her victory.  "You heard mom, lean back."

Harriet pulled the skirt out of Chloe's grasp and 
pulled it tight underneath her thighs.  Reluctantly, 
she leaned back in the seat.

"Now close your eyes."  Chloe soothed.

Harriet closed her eyes and almost immediately she 
felt Chloe's hand dash up her skirt.  Harriet grasped 
Chloe's wrist and tried to pull her hand away, but her 
cousin had grabbed a handful of her curly pubes.   
Pulling on Chloe's hand meant pulling her sensitive 
hairs out by the root.  She had been defeated, and she 
knew it.  

Harriet kept waiting for Chloe to do something mean 
and spiteful, but it seemed her cousin was still being 
nice for some odd reason.  Now, she didn't like the 
fact that Chloe presumed to put a hand on her privates 
without regard to Harriet's thoughts or feelings.  
'After all, they are *my* privates,' thought Hari.

However, the slight tugging on her pubic hair and the 
gentle scratching of her moist nether lips was 
pleasing - quite pleasing.  All too soon, Harriet's 
body overruled her mind, and the young girl's legs 
spread wide, as her narrow hips pumped imperceptibly.  

Chloe's mother looked back in the rear view mirror and 
was very pleased with the results.  Her daughter 
lovingly patted her calm and quite niece on the head, 
in a matronly manner.  Chloe caught her mother's 
reflection in the mirror and smile cheerfully.   
Harriet was just doing her best not to moan.

When Chloe's fingers were finally removed, Harriet 
actually mourned the loss.  Eyes still closed, she 
unconsciously pulled up her skirt and spread her legs 
wider.  "Please," she breathed.

"We're here, Hari," Chloe said, startling Harriet out 
of her sexual daze.

"Wha-where?" Harriet's head popped up and her groggy 
eyes blinked and then focused.  Her gaze was met by 
the wide open stare of the older man in the ticket 
booth.  Harriet followed his gaze to her own very 
aroused and uncovered sex.  "Oh God!" she exclaimed, 
as she pulled her skirt down and clamped her legs 
shut.  He had seen her lewd display, but not what 
Chloe had been doing to her.  'What must he think of 
me?' she thought, blushing furiously.

Chloe sat poker faced next to her, while her mother 
parked the car.  Harriet wondered if the Chloe had 
tried to embarrass her intentionally or if it was 
accidental.  She had tried to warn her after all.

When Harriet got out of car, she found her legs were 
weak from the teasing.  

"Easy there Hari," Chloe said, as she put an arm 
around the smaller girl, to steady her.

Harriet actually found herself welcoming the touch.  
She had always felt like an outsider in the family.  
Chloe's mother Ann showed little affection except when 
it came to Chloe.  Chloe had always treated Harriet as 
a nuisance at best and an enemy at worst, but lately 
Chloe seemed to be trying to get a little closer to 
Harriet.  

Inside the hospital, Harriet was signed in and they 
had a seat.  Shortly, her name was called and she was 
escorted to one of the small examination rooms.

"Mother, do you mind if I keep Harriet company?" Chloe 
asked.

"Not at all, *nurse Chloe*," her mother beamed.  She 
was so proud of her daughter at times like this; yet 
sad the girl was growing up so fast.

Harriet was waiting in the examination room with 
dread.  The nurse had insisted she strip and put on 
the small backless gown.  She had tried to get out of 
it, but the nurse insisted.  So Harriet stood crying, 
afraid to sit down on the paper covered bed, for fear 
of leaving a wet spot on the paper.

"Are you okay?" Chloe asked as she entered the room 
without knocking.

 "No.  Oh God, Chloe, I-I don't know what to 
do.    I-I can't sit down.  I-I'm . . . wet . . 
. down there."

"It'll be okay Harriet," Chloe said, taking charge of 
the situation.  She grabbed a swath of cotton bandage 
and ordered Harriet on the examination bed.  

"Thank you Chloe," Harriet said, trying to take the 
bandage from Chloe's hand.

Chloe snatched it back.  "No," she said firmly.  "Let 
me see."

Harriet blushed and spread her legs slightly.

"Wider."

Harriet's legs spread as wide as she could get them.  
Her tendons trembled from the strain and her growing 
arousal.  Swollen lips parted exposing the pink folds 
of her flower.  She was wet . . . very wet . . . and 
very embarrassed as her cousin stooped down to inspect 
her sex.

"Naughty - naughty," Chloe chided.  She moved behind 
Harriet and blotted her sex with the cotton bandage. 
"What do you think that pretty little nurse will think 
when she sees this?  Ewwwww, maybe she will think she 
is turning you on?" Chloe whispered in Harriet's ear 
while she pressed the cotton cloth against her swollen 
nubbin.

Harriet struggled to think of something else to take 
her mind off what was going on down below.  Chloe was 
trying to help, but everything her cousin said and 
did, seemed to be turning her on even more.  Harriet 
tried counting down from one hundred by threes.  '100-
97-94-91-88' she counted, as she tried to take her 
mind off her situation.

"You've almost soaked the cotton you little slut.  
You're not going to cum are you?  You know the doctor 
is going to touch you, don't you?  God, I sure hope 
you don't make a spectacle out of yourself.  What if 
you came?  What if you came for the doctor?  How 
embarrassing." Chloe continued to whisper, while 
Harriet's narrow hips started to roll in response. 

There was a gentle knocking on the door.  Luckily, 
Chloe had the presence of mind to pull Harriet's gown 
down and press her cousin's legs together.

A young nurse entered the room.  She walked over to 
Harriet and took the young girl's blood pressure.  "So 
what seems to be the problem today?" she asked.

"I-I-I have a rash . . . down there," Harriet 
stuttered, nodding her head down to her sex. 

"Well, I'm sure everything will be alright.  The 
doctor will be in, in just a second."  The nurse 
turned to Chloe and said, "You may want to go back to 
the waiting room."

"Harriet's scared of hospitals, so our mom asked me to 
come in here for moral support," Chloe said.

Harriet was actually thankful her cousin was going to 
stay, especially with the hot feeling occurring in her 
sex.

There was another knock on the door and the doctor 
walked in.  She had short black hair, a white jacket, 
and a stethoscope around her neck.  She read Harriet's 
chart, stuck something in her ear to look inside, and 
did the same in her mouth.  Things quickly went 
downhill from there.

"I need you to take off your gown now Harriet," stated 
the Doctor.

Harriet slipped the gown off of her shoulders, and the 
nurse took it from her.  

The doctor slid the stirrups out from under the 
examination table.  "Just lean back now Harriet, and 
put your legs up here."

Harriet eased back onto the paper-covered table.  It 
was cold and chill bumps covered her body.  She was 
glad of it; at least it gave her an excuse for her 
hardened nipples.  She tried to keep her legs tightly 
closed, but when the doctor spread the stirrups, she 
was displayed in front of everyone.

Harriet felt the doctor's glove covered hands probing 
her nether tissues.  The doctor was bringing her to 
the brink of orgasm and she didn't even know it.

"How long has it been like this?" asked the doctor.

"Ugh, I-it's been about an ah-day," Harriet replied 
thickly.

"Have you used a different soap or douche?" 

"Mm-no."  Harriet could feel the doctor spreading her 
lower lips.  The young girl was mortified, when she 
felt her secretions leak from her sex.  She remembered 
Chloe's last words.  What if she came?  What if the 
doctor made her cum in front of everyone?  Harriet 
tried to take her mind of the sensations coming from 
her sex, but the doctor kept drawing her back with her 
incessant questions.

"You're a young girl Harriet and this time of your 
life is full of discovery.  Ah - have you by chance 
discovered something recently?"

"Ugh, disc- discovered what?" 

"Masturbation, Harriet." The doctor felt the young 
girl jerk and tense up.  "It's okay.  Every girl 
discovers it.  It's a magical time of your life."

"No," Harriet moaned, trying to squirm away from the 
doctor's fingers.  She wasn't even answering the 
question; she just wanted the doctor to leave her 
alone for a minute, because she was dangerously close 
to orgasm.  

"Doctor, I ah- I sort of ah- caught Harriet doing 
something today," Chloe said shyly.

"Really?  Now, Harriet, would you care to tell me-" 
the doctor began.

"Ugh - no-no-no," Harriet moaned.

The doctor wasn't aware of it, but when she talked, 
she moved her fingers.  Not usually a problem, unless 
your fingers happen to be on the engorged sex of a 
very aroused girl.  "Young lady, how can I help you, 
when you will not cooperate?"

Though the doctor had no clue, both the nurse and 
Chloe saw what was about to happen.  From her ragged 
breath, dilated eyes, and heaving flushed chest, it 
was obvious the curly haired geek was going to cum.

"Doctor, I think maybe you shouldn't-" began the 
nurse, but it was too late.  It was at that moment, 
the doctor decided to examine the swollen clitoris and 
one tiny touch was all it took to send the frustrated 
girl over the edge.

"No-no-no-oh-oh-oh-eeeeeeohhhhhh!" moaned Harriet, 
thrusting her narrow hips in time with contractions of 
pleasure within her cunt. 

"Oh dear," said the doctor and that was when all hell 
broke loose.  The fluorescent lights flickered and 
then a shrill alarm went off.  The doctor and nurse 
rushed from the room in a panic, leaving the door 
open.  

When Harriet finally came down from her climax, she 
blushed with the knowledge of what she had done.  'Oh 
God, I just came in front of the doctor!' she thought.  
Then she lifted her head and caught sight of her 
audience leering at her from the waiting room.  'Oh 
God!' she thought, as she remembered she was naked and 
spread wide.  "Eeeeeeeekkkkk!  Chloe, the door!" she 
exclaimed.

Chloe held the doorknob.  "Say please."

"Please Chloe.  Oh-please-please-please-" Harriet 
begged.  She was extremely grateful when Chloe closed 
the door.

Chloe walked back over to Harriet and peered down at 
her cousin.  Poor Harriet never felt so helpless and 
naked in all her life.

"I can't believe you just did that." Chloe whispered; 
her face animated with delight.  "That was so bad - so 
wicked the way you came on her fingers like that.  You 
should have seen the look on her face."

Harriet had never seen her cousin like this.  It was 
almost as if she was proud of what Harriet had done.  
The embarrassed teen couldn't find anything to be 
proud of.  Shame and total mortification was all she 
felt.  

"Wow, you looked like such a slut thrusting your hips 
and moaning oh-oh-oh-eeeeoohhh," Chloe mimicked, 
thrusting her hips and grabbing her breasts. "Tell me, 
how did it feel?"

Harriet blushed and shrugged her shoulders.  'Oh God, 
did I really do that?  Is that the way I looked?' she 
thought in horror.

A few minutes later, the nurse poked her head in the 
door and told Harriet to get dressed, and that the 
doctor would be back in a few minutes.

Much to Harriet's dismay, when the doctor entered, she 
entered with her aunt in tow.

"Ms. Hotter, I need to talk with you briefly about 
your daughter."

"Niece.  She's my niece." Anne corrected.

"Niece, yes - well, young girls are naturally curious 
about their bodies and though Harriet's a little older 
than most at that stage; it seems she has discovered a 
certain part of her body . . . if you know what I 
mean."

Anne Hotter nodded, and blushed at the implications of 
what the doctor said.  Her face was almost as red as 
Harriet's, who seemed suddenly extremely fascinated by 
the patterns in the tile floor at that moment.

"So I think it might be a good idea for you to explain 
some things to her at home.  I'm also prescribing a 
cream to be applied to the irritated membranes twice a 
day.  I also think it would probably be a good idea 
for Harriet to refrain from ah- touching herself down 
there for two weeks.  After that maybe she should 
limit herself to once a day.  Okay?"

"Okay . . . thank you doctor."  Anne wasn't used to 
this talk of sex and of things sexual.  It appeared 
her niece was a pervert; she only prayed the whole 
town wouldn't find out.  'A masturbator.  I wonder how 
much she had to masturbate to do this to herself?'  
Anne thought, as they walked out the door. 'Well, 
we'll see about that won't we.'
 
If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.





Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.4 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********
 
"Come on Harriet, I don't like this any more than 
you," stated Harriet's aunt.

"Please auntie, I can do it myself," begged Harriet.  
She was naked from the waist down and sitting on top 
of a dresser in her aunt's room.  She squirmed around 
due to her nervousness and embarrassment.  

"You remember what the doctor said Harriet Morgan 
Hotter.  No touching yourself for three weeks!  I'm 
giving you your medicine and that is final."  The 
older woman unscrewed the small jar and dipped her 
fingers in the white lotion.

'Oh God, why me?' thought Harriet, embarrassed beyond 
belief.  'Why in front of her? Oh God, and why am I 
getting wet?'  Having no other choice, Harriet did the 
only thing she could - she reluctantly spread her 
skinny legs.  She tried to think about her history 
lesson to keep from becoming more aroused.

Thankfully, her aunt applied the lotion quickly and 
professionally.  Soon it was over and Harriet was 
allowed to put her dress back down and stand up.

However, if Harriet thought her humiliation was to be 
short-lived, she would find out how wrong she was.  
She noticed a side-effect of the lotion immediately 
after it was applied.  Her already over-stimulated sex 
grew warmer - almost hot.  This was probably due to 
the fact that Chloe had added a small amount of Bengay 
to the medication while no one was looking.

Harriet's hand automatically reached down to her 
overheated sex.  

"Stop that you little masturbator!" her aunt said, 
slapping away her hand.  "I see that I'm going to have 
to keep my eye on you young lady."

"But it's hot," protested Harriet.

"And your bottom will be too, if I catch you touching 
your nasty parts," warned her aunt.

Harriet looked at the entrance to the room and spotted 
Chloe smiling and spying on her from the corner of the 
door.  'What is she up to,' thought Harriet.

************************

By the end of the day, Harriet's poor bottom had been 
warmed as well.  Her aunt was always watching her, and 
knowing that she wasn't supposed to fidget or scratch 
her privates, made the desire to do so almost 
overwhelming.  The only time she had been able to 
touch herself, was when she went to the bathroom.  
But, even then, her aunt knocked on the door and 
warned her no funny business.

Dinner time finally arrived and Harriet was counting 
down the hours until she would be in bed and alone.  
Well, her sleeping bag wasn't much of a bed, but it 
was private and it would do just fine for her 
purposes.  She grew wet thinking about it.

Chloe looked over at Harriet and smiled a very 
unsisterly smile.  "Mom, what are you going to do 
about Hari?" she asked.

"What do you mean?" said Anne.

"Well, you can't watch her all the time.  What about 
school or when you are at work?" said Chloe.

Anne's forehead wrinkled as she tried to compress the 
grey matter inside.  Sometimes when she did this, she 
managed to squeeze out an original thought, but not 
this time.  "I guess I should tell her teachers and 
get her some really big mittens to keep those paws off 
her little nasty."

Harriet's stomach dropped at this news.  She was 
horrified at the thought of going to school with a 
note about masturbating.  She would be ruined.

"You know mom, I was thinking," said Chloe.  "You work 
so hard to put food on the table and clothes on our 
back.  I've decided that I would like to help out.  
You know, take on more responsibility around the 
house."

Harriet heart beat faster the more Chloe said.

". . .I was thinking that maybe *I* could be 
responsible for Hari."

"Well, Chloe, that is a very sweet offer-" Anne began.

"No-No-you can't!  I'm eighteen! You can't make me!" 
blurted Harriet.  She watched her aunt's eyes grow 
cold.  'Shit, I shouldn't have said that,' she 
thought.

But it was too late.  The damage had already been 
done.  "What?" Anne's face turned red with anger.  
"Are you saying no to me?"

"No," Harriet mumbled.

"There!  You said it again.  Chloe, I think that would 
be a wonderful idea.  Thank you very much," Anne said, 
as she got up from the table.

"Uh-Mom, there's one other thing," said Chloe.  "If 
I'm going to be responsible, I think I need to be able 
to punish her."

"Sure," said Harriet's aunt, as she walked from the 
room.  "She needs it anyway for smarting off to me."

"No-No-No-" repeated Harriet, getting up to run.  
However, Chloe quickly grabbed her arm.  Harriet 
twisted and turned, struggling to get free, but Chloe 
proved to be much stronger.  She led Harriet into the 
kitchen by her ear.

"It's time for you to learn who's in charge around 
here," Chloe said, as she grabbed a wooden spoon with 
her free hand.  Then she pulled Harriet to the kitchen 
floor on all fours.  "Tell me when you're going to be 
a big girl," she said.  Then she proceeded to blister 
Harriet's plump bottom.

"You can't ah do this!  Stop it Chloe!  Ugh- Auntie!  
Make her stop!"  But, her aunt never came to her 
rescue.  Instead, Chloe laid into her even faster with 
the wooden spoon.  Harriet tried to resist, but soon 
gave into her tears.

"Please  I'll be good.   I'll be a big 
girl," she sobbed.

"That's my big girl," Chloe soothed.  "Raise your 
dress up for me, so I can give you the rest on your 
bare bottom."  

Harriet trembled, but reached down and lifted up her 
dress.  Chloe marveled at the red welts the wooded 
spoon left on the cheeks of her ass.

"Please Chloe, I can't take anymore," Harriet groaned.

Chloe placed a hand on her cousin's bottom, marveling 
in the warm heat radiating from it.  "If you promise 
to apologize to mother and clean up the kitchen, I 
will put off your punishment until later on tonight.  
Okay?"

Harriet didn't want anymore at all, but better to have 
them later than right now, while her poor ass was 
throbbing.  "Oka-OHHH!" she gasped, as she felt a 
finger dip into her moist sex.

"Naughty girl," Chloe whispered.  "What would mom 
think about that?"

Harriet blushed in response.  She couldn't believe her 
body's betrayal, but the proof was unmistakable.  And 
now Chloe knew . . . knew that she was turned on.

She quickly got off the floor and lowered her dress, 
when Chloe let her up.  As she left the room, Chloe 
asked, "and where do you think you're going?"

"I-I-I'm going to apologize - and then - and then 
clean up," Harriet stammered.

"Aren't you forgetting something?"

"Ah-ah-I don't know, Chloe."

"Say, thank you Chloe for showing me the error of my 
ways," Chloe said.

Harriet couldn't believe the audacity of her cousin.  
First, she punished her and now she wanted to be 
thanked.  'Well, screw her,' she thought, but then 
Chloe patted the spoon against her hand in warning.

"Thank you Chloe for showing me the error of my ways." 
Harriet repeated in a monotone voice.

"You're welcome Hari," Chloe said, as she walked 
toward Harriet.  

Harriet shrunk away in fear, but Chloe put her arms 
around her and gave her a hug, which totally caught 
Harriet off guard.

"Are you okay?  You know I only did that for your own 
good, don't you?"  Chloe asked.

What could Harriet say?  The only thing that came to 
mind was, "Yes,"

"Good.  If you do like you should for the rest of the 
night, then I'll only give you half as many," Chloe 
said.

For the life of her, she couldn't remember Chloe 
saying how many she was going to get, but half as many 
was surely better than the alternative.  

"Okay," Harriet said, before hurrying off.

Chloe watched her cousin leave, then her eyes closed.  
Her right had traveled down and stroked the crotch of 
her tight blue jeans.

***********************

Later that night, Chloe was lying on her bed watching 
TV. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Harriet pass 
down the hall armed with cleaning supplies for the 
bathroom. The poor little thing was hoping to get out 
of her punishment tonight, but was only succeeding in 
showing her Aunt how well she was behaving now that 
Chloe was in charge.  

Chloe giggled at the thought.  "Harriet," she said.

Harriet peeked in the door looking very meek.  "Yes, 
Chloe," she said.

"You've done a very good job tonight.  Go ahead and 
get cleaned up for bed, then come back here with a 
towel, so we can resolve our unfinished business."  
Chloe listened to the sound of her cousin's feet 
padding off to the bathroom.  "-and don't close the 
door either."

Harriet went to the bathroom to prepare for bed.  She 
shivered inside as she thought about her coming 
punishment.  'Why is this happening to me?  It isn't 
fair.  And why is it making me so hot?' she thought, 
while she urinated.  

She cleaned her very sensitive flesh with toilet 
tissue.  She touched her tiny nubbin and gasped, then 
blushed as she looked down the hall, praying that 
Chloe didn't hear.

"You better not keep me waiting," Chloe yelled from 
her room.

Harriet rushed out of the bathroom, but then 
remembered the towel, and had to return to get it.  
When she finally arrived, Chloe was sitting at her 
vanity waiting impatiently.  

"About time.  Close the door behind you and then fold 
the towel and place it over my lap."

Harriet did as Chloe commanded, wondering what lay in 
store.

"Now open the top right drawer and place everything on 
top of the vanity."

Harriet opened the drawer and trembled with horror at 
the contents.  Inside were a brush, a belt, the spoon, 
a small switch, and a bottle of lotion.  With shaking 
hands she removed each item and placed them on the 
vanity.

"Now strip and lay over my lap."

Harriet hesitated; her eyes growing damp with tears.

"Please . . ." she begged.

"You're begging for the whole set aren't you?"

The tears had begun to fall.  "No," Harriet said, 
taking off her t-shirt and cotton shorts.

"No, ma-am," corrected Chloe.

 "No, ma-am," Harriet said, as she resigned 
herself to her fate and lay across Chloe's lap.

"Your bottom is still looking a little blistered," 
Chloe said, as she stroked her hand over her cousin's 
firm cheeks.  "How about we finish you up with my 
hand?"

"Y-yes, ma-am," Harriet stuttered, thankful to avoid 
the alternative.

Chloe placed her hand in front of Harriet's face.  
"Give it a kiss first, little Hari,"

'The bitch!  She can't expect me to-" Harriet thought.

"Why don't you hand me the spoon, Hari?" said Chloe.

Harriet immediately kissed the proffered hand.  

"Good girl.  Now, if you make to much noise or fall 
off, we're going to have to start over.  I think 
fifteen licks should be enough for you."  

Then the licks began to land.  Harriet took the first 
ten very bravely, but the last five were another 
story.  Her legs began to kick of their own volition 
and she almost cried out for Chloe to stop, but she 
had been able to hold it in, so thankfully, her 
spanking was finished.  She reached back to rub the 
hurt out of her aching bottom, but Chloe grabbed her 
hand.

"No, Harriet.  I'm not finished," Chloe said.  She 
reached for the lotion and squirted the very cold 
liquid on Harriet's burning cheeks.  She began to 
gently rub it in, soothing the tender flesh.  "There, 
is that better, my brave little Hari?" she asked.

"mmmmm . . . yes," Harriet breathed.  The fingers felt 
wonderful on her intimate parts.  She wished Chloe 
would reach down a bit further; she needed it so bad.

"Okay, let's give you your medicine and get you to 
bed," Chloe said, playfully tickling Harriet's side.  
"Lay down on the bed for me Hari-girl." Chloe fetched 
the bottle of medicine, while Harriet lay down on the 
bed, taking particular care not to put too much 
pressure on her sore bottom.

"Get those legs up so I can sit down," Chloe said, as 
she dipped her finger in the bottle.  "That's my girl.  
Hold them back . . .further now." 

Finally, Harriet had her legs pulled back so far, she 
could easily see the wet swollen lips of her very 
aroused and wet sex.  She blushed in humiliation.

It was not unnoticed by Chloe.  "Naughty girl," she 
scolded, smiling slyly and causing Harriet to become 
embarrassed and close her legs. "Did I say to close 
them?"

"No," Harriet murmured.  She held her legs open again.

"No, ma-am," Chloe corrected.  Then she began to rub 
the medicine into the petals of Harriet's aroused sex.

"Uh-no-ma-am," Harriet moaned.

"Shhhhh," Chloe cautioned, rubbing her cousin until 
the lean girl's hips began to flex.  Then, when she 
had the curly-haired girl worked up, she pulled her 
fingers away at the last moment.

Harriet looked up into Chloe's flushed face.  
"Please," she begged.

"Please what?"

"Please ma-am, I'm so close."

"The doctor said three weeks Hari.  C'mon, let's get 
to bed."

Harriet's legs opened widely and her back arched in 
need.  Summoning all her will, she closed her legs and 
got off the bed to go sleep in the closed in her 
sleeping bag.

"Where are you going?" asked Chloe, pulling a lock of 
her blonde hair behind her ear.

"I'm going to bed," Harriet said.

"You're sleeping with me now . . ." Chloe got under 
the covers and held them open for her cousin.  "-so I 
can keep my eye on you," she added.

Harriet climbed into bed and Chloe spooned up to her 
naked back.  For just once Harriet wished she were 
back in her bag, where she would be free to touch 
herself.  Unfortunately for her, Chloe's fingers were 
almost touching her sex.  As a matter of fact, she was 
touching her, running her fingers through her small 
patch of fur.  

"Hari?" Chloe asked.

"Yes," Harriet whispered.

"Do you remember the naughty thing you did in the 
shower today?"

"Ah-yes, Chloe," Harriet said.  Her body trembled with 
her need.

Chloe pressed even tighter against her cousin and 
traced her fingers over her naked flesh.

"Would you do it again?  You know . . . the *nasty* 
thing."

Harriet's body burned with desire as she remembered 
looking up past her cousin's perfect thighs.  'The 
nasty thing, oh God, she wants me to do the nasty 
thing!' Harriet thought, very scared of the feelings 
that awoke in her body.  

Silently, she turned around and slid down until she 
smelled the aroma of musk and the comforting presence 
of Chloe's thighs.  She lightly kissed the hot flesh 
in between.  

"Ugh," Chloe groaned, pulling her cousin tighter.  

Hari's tongue dove into the delicate petals of Chloe's 
sex.  'She does taste wonderful,' she thought, lapping 
at the sweet nectar and moaning with her need.

"Shhhh-baby, ah God," Chloe cautioned.  "We can't let 
mother hear."

There wasn't another sound except for the slight 
squeaking of bed springs until Chloe grunted into her 
pillow.

Afterwards, Harriet hugged Chloe tightly, grinding 
against her leg.

"C'mon baby, you can't.  It's only for three weeks," 
Chloe promised, spooning against her cousin again.

'Only three weeks?' thought Harriet.  'Three weeks is 
a fucking eternity."  Shortly, she heard Chloe's light 
snoring in her ear.  She tried to ignore the need 
burning in her sex and snuggled back her cousin's warm 
body.

To be continued . . .


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.









Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.5 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Harriet woke up and rubbed the sleep out of her eyes.  
'Why didn't Chloe wake me?' she wondered, as she 
stretched in the bed.  It had been two weeks since 
Chloe had allowed Harriet to sleep in the bed with her 
and every morning Chloe would push Harriet's head 
beneath the blanket.  "Kiss me good morning," she said 
as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  

But when Chloe said kiss, what she really meant was 
lick me - lick me until I cum.  This wasn't so bad 
really, because for the first time, Harriet felt 
loved.  She had almost gotten used to the aching need 
in her sex.  'Only another week,' she thought, as she 
pulled her hand away from her sex.  It had taken seven 
spankings, even once with the brush, but Harriet found 
out Chloe meant business when she said to wait three 
weeks before masturbating.

Harriet got up and slipped on a nightie and picked out 
an outfit to wear.  They were both second hand, but 
Chloe had said she could wear them.  The thing about 
it was, usually Chloe used give Harriet her ugliest 
castoffs to wear.  However, lately, the things she had 
given her were nice.  

Harriet went to take a shower.  She was disappointed 
she hadn't seen Chloe.  She had hoped that since they 
were getting along, her cousin would remember her 
birthday.  'She probably doesn't even know what day it 
is . . . no one ever remembers my birthday here,' 
Harriet thought.  She wondered what it would be like 
if her parents were still alive.  She was thankful the 
shower washed her tears away.

She cut the water off and began to lather her legs.  
At one time, she would have stopped there, but now she 
was required to go much higher.  She ran the rich 
lather over her sex, closed her eyes momentarily, and 
then forced the hand away for fear of punishment.  
Chloe said it was necessary that the hair wouldn't 
allow her to apply the medicine properly.  To Harriet 
it seemed it just made it more sensitive and served as 
a constant reminder of the need in her cunt.

After she was finished in the shower, Harriet dried 
off and then began brushing her teeth.  Then she heard 
a dreaded sound.  

"Har-ee-et! Get in here right now!" Chloe screamed.   

'Shit, Chloe's pissed.  This is not good.  Not good at 
all," Harriet thought, as she put down her toothbrush 
and spit the toothpaste out of her mouth, not even 
bothering to rinse it out.  

Harriet was running by the time she reached Chloe's 
bedroom door, her pert ass flashing from the bottom of 
the towel, which was threatening to come undone. She 
opened the door and entered to see what kind of 
trouble she had gotten into with Chloe.  

Chloe sat holding the skirt Harriet had worn yesterday 
and she looked very angry.  "You little bitch!  You 
have no respect for my privacy at all, do you?  And 
what did I tell you about knocking, when the door is 
closed?" Chloe demanded.

Harriet looked down at her feet and stuttered, "Y-you 
said t-to always knock first be-before entering ma-
am."

"Well . . . go back and do it right," Chloe said, 
snatching off the towel covering of Harriet's body.  
Here, give me that before you go.  I have something on 
my shoe." 

Harriet turned swiftly and left the room, closing the 
door quietly behind her, covering her nakedness with 
her hands as best she could.   Shivering from the 
cold, her nipples hardened causing Harriet additional 
embarrassment as she knocked lightly on the door.  
"Ma'am, can I please come in?" she asked.  

"Yes, you may," Chloe said.  

When Harriet opened the door she saw that her cousin 
was sitting at the vanity with a towel over her lap. 
This did not bode very well for her bottom.  'It's my 
birthday . . . I hope I don't get punished on my 
birthday,' Harriet thought to herself, her eyes 
brimming with tears.

"You know what to do, Hari." 

Harriet walked over to Chloe and opened the vanity 
drawer.  She laid out the paddling instruments 
contained within on top of the vanity.  Then, she 
assumed her position on top of Chloe's lap.

Chloe caressed Harriet's chill-bump covered bottom.  
"Hmmmm, which one-which one should I choose.  Maybe 
the switch, hmmm Hari?  How about we leave it in the 
hands of fate?  Is that okay?" 

"Fate ma'am," Harriet replied, choking back her tears.

"Eenie-meanie-minie-moe-catch a rabbit by it's toe and 
this is . . ."

'Oh God," Harriet thought with dread.  It was the 
switch!  

However, instead of picking the switch, Chloe opened 
the second drawer and pulled out something Harriet had 
never seen before.  She gasped with shock.  It was a 
dildo.

Chloe burst out laughing.  "Silly goose, I wouldn't 
punish you on your birthday.  Ha-ha, you should have 
seen the look on your face.  I thought you were going 
to get all mushy on me."

Harriet's heart no longer felt empty.  Chloe had 
remembered her birthday!  But her heart raced from her 
nervousness.  She rubbed her hand along Chloe's bare 
thigh.  "C-Chloe, what are you going to do with that 
thing?" she asked.

Chloe gently ran the head of the phallus up and down 
the bare lips of Harriet's sex.  "Well, I was thinking 
that since it was your birthday -ah- that maybe we 
could make an exception about what the doctor said.  
Two weeks - three weeks - what the big diff huh?"

"But-but," Harriet stuttered.  She had never done 
anything like that and she was afraid.  She was also 
very horny.

Chloe hand shook.  She removed the dildo from the 
entrance of Harriet's sex.  "Of course," she said.  
"You don't have to if you don't want to."

"No," Harriet said, parting her thighs. "I want to . . 
.it's just that . . .I'm scared."

"Don't be.  You'll enjoy this," Chloe said, as she 
rubbed the head of the phallus up and down her 
cousin's slit.  "I promise."

Just as Harriet's hips started to rock, Chloe removed 
the dildo from her sex and placed the head in front of 
Harriet's mouth.  "Give it a kiss-kiss," said Chloe.

Harriet's eyes appeared to cross within her taped 
glasses, as she stared at her wet secretions at the 
tip of the cock.  It felt weird and humiliating, but 
it was what Chloe wanted, so she puckered up her lips.  
However, instead of just giving it a peck, Chloe 
pressed it in and gave Harriet a mouthful of plastic 
cock.  The poor girl inhaled through her nose and was 
accosted by the odor of well-fucked cunt.  

It was at this time Chloe chose to say, "Can you 
believe I found this in Mom's room?  Don't worry, she 
would never use anything like this.  She's too damn 
uptight.  Probably, scared that someone would find it 
if she threw it away."

Poor Harriet almost gagged when she heard Chloe's 
words.  If she wasn't so turned on, she would have 
been furious at Chloe's insensitivity.

"Now, let's see if we can get the birthday girl warmed 
up with a little birthday spanking," Chloe said.  
After twenty licks or so, Chloe took a break and ran a 
finger along Harriet's dripping sex. 

"Naughty little girl, you like this don't you?  Are 
you ready for your present?" Chloe teased.

Harriet nodded her head, the dildo bobbing up and down 
in front of her mouth.  

Chloe spanked Harriet's bottom again, until her 
cousin's plump cheeks turned a rosy pink.  This time 
Harriet's hips arched to catch each blow, while her 
cheeks sunk in as she sucked on the plastic phallus.

The spanking stopped and Chloe pumped the dildo in 
Harriet's mouth a few times before removing it.  "Do 
you want it?  Do you want me to fuck your nasty hole 
with it?" she cooed.

"Yes -Oh god yes-" moaned Harriet, arching her back.

Chloe teased the lips of Harriet's sex with the dildo.  
"Tell me Hari.  Tell me what you want."

"Please - fuck me please," Harriet moaned.  "Oh God, 
please fuck me Chloe."

"Fuck you where?"  Chloe teased.

"My pussy.  Fuck my pussy."

"Spread those pretty legs for me, Hari," Chloe said.

 Harriet's legs flailed around as she tried to find 
purchase, but since she was laying face down on 
Chloe's lap this proved difficult.  So, she grabbed 
the legs of the chair with her hands for support and 
brought her ankles together and up towards her petite 
ass.

"I'm afraid I don't see a pussy Hari.  All I see is a 
horny little virgin cunt.  Is that what you want 
fucked?"

"Please ma'am, fuck it.  Fuck my cunt," begged 
Harriet.  

Harriet might not have picked up on it, but Chloe 
certainly did.  Harriet called her ma'am in the heat 
of sex.  The thought of her cousin begging on her lap 
and calling her ma'am sent a ripple of pleasure 
through her sex.

Chloe eased the dildo in the tight opening.  

"I love it when you call me ma'am.  Say it again."

"Maaa-aaahmmm. . ." Harriet breathed.

"Mmmmm, sounds like honey.  Again."

"Ah-please-ma'am-ah-ah," Harriet moaned, as her hymen 
was painfully stretched.

"Shhhh, don't worry baby, I'm going to be gentle.  I 
want your first time to be special, but it's still 
going to hurt a bit."

Chloe gently worked the head of the phallus in and out 
the opening of Harriet's sex, just enough to make 
Harriet yearn for more.

"Are you sure you want it?  You're still a virgie, so 
pretty and innocent.  After this you're gonna be my 
bad little girl . . . my wicked little slut.  Are you 
sure you want Miss Chloe to fuck it?"

"Oh God yes, please fuck it.  Fuck my nasty little 
cunt, ma-am."

Chloe reached down and pried Harriet's right hand off 
the chair leg and placed it on the wrist of the hand 
holding the dildo.  "I don't want you to come back 
later and say I did something you didn't want.  You do 
it, if you want it so much.  Grab my wrist and fuck 
yourself with it."

Harriet jerked Chloe's wrist toward her cunt with a 
groan, almost catching her cousin by surprise.  Chloe 
barely had time to stop Harriet from impaling herself 
in one fell stroke.  

"No," she ordered.  "Do it slow.  *I* want to savor 
it."

This time Harriet slowly pulled on Chloe's wrist.  She 
felt the head of the cock part her nether lips and 
stop at her hymen.  

"Talk to me Hari.  Tell me how it feels.  Let me feel 
it with you," Chloe said.

"It feels big.  Ugh - it's hitting something inside me 
now.  It feels like ah-I'll tear something if I push 
it further."

"That's it baby.  That's your virginity -- your little 
hymen."

Harriet moaned as she pulled on Chloe's wrist.  "Ah-
ah, it's hurting.  Ow-ow-ow-fuck, there it goes.  Oh-
oh-it still hurts!" Harriet cried, losing control of 
her legs momentarily and cutting off Chloe's view.

"Stop for a minute Hari.  I want to see." Chloe guided 
Harriet's right leg up to the vanity top, knocking 
various bottles of fingernail polish to the floor.  
Then she lowered her head between Harriet's legs and 
waited.  Then she saw it . . . a tiny drop of red that 
swelled.  Then it became a trickle.  

"I see it Harriet.  I can see your virginity.  Get on 
the bed, so I can get a better look."  Chloe removed 
the dildo from Harriet's cunt, much to the poor girl's 
disappointment.  Then she led her to the bed.

"Open your legs wide for me," Chloe said.  

Harriet couldn't believe it and though it humiliated 
her to do so, she bared herself to Chloe as she had 
done for no other.  

"Open it up for me," Chloe said, reaching into the 
drawer of the vanity.  "Show me your virginity."

Harriet spread her nether lips wide; she could see the 
evidence of her lost virginity on her denuded sex.

Flash!  Chloe snapped a picture of her debauched 
cousin.  "I want to remember this forever."  Chloe got 
in close, just inches from Harriet's sex, snapping 
more pictures, immortalizing the event.  Strangely, 
Harriet was thrilled instead of mortified by the 
prospect.  

Chloe's head dipped lower.  Harriet gasped as she felt 
her cousin's tongue.  "Chloe, no, it's bleeding," she 
protested weakly.

"I know.  I want to taste it.  I want to taste your 
virginity," she said, before resuming.

Harriet gasped with pleasure.  She had never known it 
could feel like this.  She regretted waiting so long.  
However, as the bursts of pleasure began to fill her 
cunt the tongue was suddenly gone.  Harriet opened her 
eyes to see Chloe gazing into her own.  Her mouth was 
wet and there were a few slivers of red visible on her 
lips.

"I don't have mine anymore, so this may be your only 
chance.  Do you want to taste it?" Chloe asked. 

Harriet's lips parted and Chloe's mouth lowered.  Her 
tongue sought Chloe's perfect lips and she sampled her 
own flavor and the slightly metallic taste of her 
virginity.  Then their mouths met, and Harriet 
received her first romantic kiss.  It was wonderful 
and she was instantly in love. 

Harriet never felt so whole in all her life.  However, 
the strange peculiar feelings of uncertainty soon 
returned when Chloe wanted more pictures.  Pictures of 
Harriet holding the dildo that displayed the evidence 
of her deflowering.  Other pictures of her spreading 
and showing herself in the most lurid poses she could 
imagine.  Harriet shuddered at the thought of anyone 
seeing her in such a manner.

Finally, when Chloe was satisfied with the pictures 
she had, she pulled her panties down and stepped out 
of them.  Then, she straddled Harriet's head.  "Do the 
nasty thing," she whispered, as she lowered herself on 
her cousin's waiting lips.

This was Chloe's favorite position.  Nothing was 
better than being astride her prone cousin.  This time 
was different though.  This time she lowered her mouth 
to Harriet's aroused sex and kissed the little nubbin.  
She felt her cousin's moans vibrating against her sex.  
Chloe's cunt spasmed in pleasure, as an orgasm began 
to blossom in her sex.  

Chloe lifted up, capturing Harriet's head firmly 
between her ankles and humped her face as she came.  
Her attention fell to the dildo lying discarded on the 
bed.  She picked it up and forced the plastic cock 
deep in her cousin's sex.  "Cum for me you dirty slut.  
Cum for me."  Then, she dived down and attacked 
Harriet's clit with abandon.  

Chloe held on tight, as Harriet began to orgasm.  She 
hugged her cousin tightly to avoid being thrown off 
the wildly bucking girl.  

It was then that the ground began to tremble and 
pictures fell off the wall.  

'What the fuck?' Chloe thought.  'We don't have 
earthquakes here!"  Her mind let this thought go, as 
her body shook from the effects of another orgasm.

To be continued. . . 

*********************

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.





Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.6
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Chloe nudged her unmoving cousin.  "Wakie-wakie, we've
got to go to school."

Harriet groaned and got out of bed, while Chloe sat up
and stretched, dangling her pretty feet off the bed.

"You forgot to thank me for the gift," said Chloe.

"Thanks Chloe."  Harriet walked back to her cousin and
hugged her.

"It's too late for that now.  I think you should say
you're sorry."

Harriet didn't know what to make of her cousin.
Sometimes Chloe acted as if Harriet were her wife and
other times she acted as if Harriet were a toy or doll
of some sort.  "I'm sorry Chloe," Harriet said.

"I don't believe you.  Kiss my foot to make it up to
me."  Chloe lifted her foot up slightly and flexed her
painted toenails.

Harriet couldn't believe the nerve of her cousin.  Nor
could she believe how tingly her body felt, when she
knelt down on all fours to give her cousin's foot a
little peck.

"Not like that.  *Kiss it*," Chloe breathed.

Harriet's lips parted and she imagined she was kissing
her cousin's mouth.  She sucked and nibbled at each
tiny toe.  A low whimper escaped her mouth.  She was
getting aroused again.  However, something under the
bed caught her attention.  Could it be?  Her eyes
focused. Yes, it was!  A present!

She kissed Chloe's foot in gratitude.  "Is it mine?
Is it mine?"  Harriet's eyes got big as she pulled the
nicely wrapped present out from under the bed and
clutched it to her bare chest.

"Is there another birthday girl here?" Chloe asked her
starry-eyed cousin.  "Have you been cheating on me you
little slut?"

Harriet turned red and shook her head in response.

"Go ahead silly, open it." Chloe said.

Harriet fingered the wrapping, suddenly very nervous.
'What if I don't like it,' she worried.  She thought
back to the Christmas presents she had received in the
past from Chloe's mom:  The vacuum cleaner, the mop
and bucket, the air conditioner that went into Chloe's
room.  What if it was a present like that?

"Open it.  Open it." Chloe urged.  She moved her foot
so that her toe touched Harriet's sex.  She stroked it
up and down.

Almost reluctantly Harriet removed the wrapping and
took hold of the lid.  She closed her eyes and opened
it.  Then, she peeked and there inside was an outfit.
*A new outfit*.  Her *first* new outfit.

"Thank you.  Thank you so much!" Harriet beamed. As
much as she liked the new outfit, Chloe's toe was
doing things down below that demanded her full
attention.  Her thighs parted and she leaned back on
her hands.

"You're welcome Hari.  You can wear it to school today
if you want, but I thought you might like to wear it
tonight.  For the rest of your present, I'm taking you
out wherever you want to go.  Well, wherever you want
that costs twenty dollars.  Your outfit set my
allowance back, you little bitch."

"Ugh," Chloe grunted, as the toe continued to tease
her sex.  "This is the best birthday ever, Chloe."

Chloe arched her eyebrows slyly.  "I was just joking
with you before, but you liked kissing my foot, didn't
you?"

Harriet blushed and nodded her head.

"And you like fucking my foot, don't you, nasty girl?"
Chloe's toe disappeared into Harriet's tight tunnel,
causing her to gasp.

Chloe withdrew her now shiny digit and placed it to
Harriet's lips.  Harriet opened her mouth and sucked
her juices from the toe.

"Too bad, cause no more cumming until tonight.  Get
dressed for school, we've already missed a couple of
classes."

************************

All day long Harriet had daydreamed of her morning
activities with Chloe and she imagined what they would
do that night.  Her cunt ached, but it was a good ache
... a reminder of things to come.

But even though her attention was diverted with
thoughts of sex, some pretty strange things started to
catch her eye.  First, there was the crow; a large
black one that would have made Mr. Poe proud.  Harriet
caught sight of it peering into the classroom as if
looking for something.

This wasn't so strange in itself, but then she saw a
large white ball of fur that was sitting on the window
sill. 'What the hell is a Persian cat doing in the
window?" Harriet thought.  She had a funny feeling in
her stomach.  'Why am I afraid of a stupid cat?'

Harriet was glad when class ended, so she could get
away from the strange animals in the window.  However,
when she walked into her English class, she saw the
dammed bird again.  It was too much to be a
coincidence.  Harriet quickly turned and walked the
other way, stopping in the bathroom where there were
no windows.

While she was in the bathroom, she peed and then
touched herself.  She was moist and her nether lips
were puffy with arousal.  She inserted a digit in her
sex.  It slipped in easily.  'It's gone now and
forever,' she thought about her lost virginity.

She removed her finger and pressed her legs tightly
together.  'I better save it for Chloe.'

Harriet flushed the toilet and then straightened up
her clothes.  She washed her face at the sink.  The
cool water felt nice against her hot flushed skin.

"How-yeh-doin?"

Harriet jumped at the distinctly male voice that
sounded like Joe Pesci.  "Whoever you are, you
shouldn't be in here," she said backing away.

"Down heh toots."

Harriet turned and saw a large black cat sitting on
the floor.  "Aigh!" she screamed and jumped away,
landing rump first in the sink.

"Hey, you don't need to be afraid o' me.  I ain't wit
nobody but me.  I was just mindin my own business and
then I seen all de familias runnin around in *my*
neighborhood.  Just got a little curious what they was
lookin for."  The cat said.  "and it seems they was
lookin for you witchie."

"Look . . . you stay away from me . . . you-you . . .
cat.  I'm ain't no witch and no one is looking for me.
J-just leave me alone," Harriet stuttered.

"Hey, I don' mean no disrespect, but I tink I can tell
when somebody's lookin for somebody and who that
somebody is.  *And* if you ain't no witchie, then
whatcha' doin' talkin' to a cat?" the cat said, before
something seemed to catch his interest on his front
paw.

"I'm not talking to a-a-a-" Harriet took a self-
inventory.  She was talking to a cat and cats don't
talk, therefore, she must be losing her mind or she
needed to get the hell out of dodge.

Harriet choose the latter.  She sprung up and dashed
out of the bathroom, leaving an unconcerned black cat
in her wake.

The black cat sat unconcerned and cleaned his paw for
a minute.  "Something strange is goin' on around here.
I tink I'm goin' to be keep an eye on you witchie."
He walked into the bathroom stall and walked straight
up to the tile wall.  He passed right through, without
even pausing.

Harriet was crouched down behind a bookshelf shaking
in fear.  She went to the only other place in school
without windows she could think of.  The library.  And
that's where she remained without incidence, until the
last bell rang.

Harriet ran for Chloe's car.  She was eager to get
away from the strange birds and talking cats.  It
seemed like it was forever before Chloe finally
emerged from the school and walked calmly to her car
and unlocked it.  "My, you're eager today, aren't you
little slut."  Chloe winked slyly at her cousin, as
she got in the car.

"Please hurry," urged Harriet, tapping on the window.

Chloe started the car, but didn't unlock the door.
Then, Harriet's window slid down a few inches.  "Are
you wet?" asked Chloe.

Harriet blushed in answer.  'How can she be thinking
of sex right now?  How can I be thinking about it?'
she wondered, because she could feel her sex gush at
the very sight of her cousin.

"Show me." Chloe said.

Harriet's eyes darted about as she watched students
walking to their cars in the crowded lot.  She lowered
her book bag, so that her pelvis was hid from everyone
except Chloe.  Chloe watched as the outline of
Harriet's hand moved up and down.  She showed her the
wet finger and Chloe unlocked the door.

"Let me see your pussy slut," Chloe demanded as the
car pulled off.

Harriet's blush deepened, as she pulled down her
panties and slid her skirt up to her hips.  She spread
her legs.  She was wet and obviously aroused.

"What a wet and nasty little hole you have, Hari.
What do you think I should do with it when I get you
home?  Should I fuck it, hmmm?  Spread those lips, if
that's what you want, you little whore."

Harriet moaned.  Her fingers traveled down and spread
her swollen nether lips in response.

"I think I'm going to dress you in your pretty new
dress and fuck your brains out.  Is that what you
want, my cute little cunt?" Chloe said.

"Oh God, yes," moaned Harriet.  "More than anything."

"Oh shit, get up Harriet!  Get up and get your self
together," Chloe said, in a very worried tone.  "Cause
something's up."

Harriet pulled her dress down quickly and peered out
the window of the car.

Yes, something was up. Not only was her aunt's car in
the drive, but a black minivan as well.  She pulled up
her panties and smoothed the wrinkles out of her skirt
as best she could.

As she followed Chloe to the door, the she had a bad
feeling in her gut.  It was the same feeling she had
when she saw the strange animals looking in the window
of the school.

Inside, she saw a woman she had never seen before
seated on the couch.  She was dressed in white and the
Persian cat in her lap made the hairs on the back of
Harriet's neck stand up.  It was the same one from
school.

The feeling didn't get any better when her aunt turned
and pointed to Harriet.  "There she is now."

"What's going on?" Chloe said, immediately taking
charge.

"Nothing for you to worry about, pumpkin.  These two
nice ladies are going to be taking Harriet to a
special school.  They say your cousin is some sort of
witch and needs to be someplace where she can't hurt
anyone," Ann said.  "Good riddance, I say."

"But-but, I don't want to go anywhere," Harriet
stuttered.  She was finally happy and now this
happened.  What there no justice in the world.

"There isn't a choice dear.  Even for a Wilding,
you're much too powerful to be allowed to run loose."

Harriet jumped when she heard the voice behind her. It
was from a woman dressed totally in red. Harriet was
grateful for the comforting presence of Chloe's hand
grasping hers.

"You can't take her, you bitches," Chloe said.  "Mom,
you *can't* let them take her."

"Oh my, I think the little monster has witched my
daughter.  Let Chloe, you evil witch!"  Chloe's mother
pointed accusingly at Harriet.

"Run Harriet!" Chloe shouted, pushing Harriet and
grabbing the woman behind her.

The woman pointed a wand at Chloe and said,
"Grezelspetz!"  Then she turned to Harriet and
repeated the procedure.

Chloe felt as if her arms were tied firmly to her
sides.  She couldn't see anything holding her, but no
matter how hard she struggled, she couldn't budge
them.  She looked and Harriet was seemed to be having
the same problem.

"Help me.  Help me . . . anybody!" Harriet shouted.

The woman calmly pointed the wand again.
"Conelsmute."

Suddenly, Harriet could no longer hear her own
screams.  She could feel the air rush from her mouth,
but no sound came out.  For once in her life, she was
truly afraid.

"Come along Harriet.  Your stuff is already in the
van," the woman said as she forced Harriet out the
door and in to the van.

The two women helped Harriet into van.  Harriet only
saw one suitcase.  'My present,' she thought and then,
'Chloe!'

She looked out the window as the van drove off.  There
in the window of the house was Chloe.  Harriet watched
her lips and she thought Chloe said, "Come back."

Harriet mouthed, "I love you," as the house faded
away.  She prayed that Chloe had seen her.

The woman in white, turned back to Harriet and swabbed
away the girl's tears with a tissue.  "Don't worry
little girl.  It's always scary at first, but you'll
like it at Frogwart's.  I promise."

****************************

Harriet looked out at the mountainside as it passed by
her window.  It felt like she had just left her house,
but the sun was setting, which obviously meant they
she had been in the car for several hours.  However,
for the life of her, she couldn't remember but brief
images of the trip.  She remembered small turning
roads that didn't resemble any she had ever seen
before and vehicles that looked like they were out of
another time.

"We're almost there Harriet," said the woman dressed
in red.

Harriet leaned forward in between the two front seats
and looked out the window of the car.  She gasped as
she realized the car had changed and now looked like a
model made fifty years ago, even though it looked
brand new.

"Shit!  What happened to the car?" she asked.

"We have to travel the ways in order to get to
Frogwart's.  That means we travel to other when's, not
just other where's," said the woman in white.  "So
don't get any ideas of jumping out of the car and
going back home, because even if you made it back to
*where* you were, you would be long since dead before
you arrived to when *you* left.  Although, I'm not
even sure why we are bothering to take you anyway.
After all, you are only a wilding."

"Now Hilda, I can't believe you would say such a
thing, after feeling the results her power today.  She
will be tested and trained just like all the other
girls."

"We should have just bound her and been done with it.
She's much too old to learn to control it at this
point anyway."

"Shush, enough of that talk in front of the girl."
Morganna pointed out the window, as the car slowed.
"You'll do just fine at Frogwart's, Harriet and
speaking of Frogwart's, here we are," she said with
her voice filled with awe.  "I know it doesn't look
like much right now, but just you wait."

'You're damn right it doesn't look like much,' thought
Harriet.  In front of the stopped car was a rusty gate
leading to an old beat up shack.  A sign on the gate
warned, Trespasers will be kilt!  Somewhere in the
back of Harriet's mind, she was certain she would be
squealing like a pig before the day was up.

"What?  You aren't impressed?" Morganna pointed her
wand at the gate and murmured an incantation.  The
wand glowed briefly and the gate swung open with a
screeching groan.

Harriet rubbed her eyes, as the image in front of her
eyes began to dissolve and then reform.  The deserted
shack was replaced by a gigantic stone castle,
standing in stark contrast to the surrounding fog.
Harriet stared open mouthed, as she watched a figure
on a broom circle the castle and then dart into a
window in one of the uppermost rooms.

"Holy shit!" Harriet managed to mutter, when her
speech returned.

The woman in red smiled and winked at the woman in
white.  "It's always nice to know that we can still
compete with technology, isn't it?"

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the
author.  Your comments are their only payment.
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is
copyright with all rights reserved by its author
unless explicitly indicated.





Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.7 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture


***********

The only problem was . . . Harriet didn't like it at 
Frogwart's.  During her magic classes, she couldn't so 
much as summon the easiest magic.  The teachers almost 
seemed frantic for her to perform some feat.

"Come on Harriet, you can do it.  You summoned an 
earthquake, surely you can summon a bit of fire," 
urged Morganna.

Harriet stared at the match stick with her brow 
furrowed in concentration.  She pointed her wand and 
recited the incantation, while imagining the stick 
bursting in flames.  Nothing happened.  Nothing ever 
happened.  The only thing that happened was that she 
grew embarrassed.  Not so much from the fact that the 
match didn't light.  That she could handle.  After 
all, she was quite certain she wasn't a witch.  

The problem was - well, Harriet wasn't really sure 
exactly what the problem was, but she suspected it was 
the wand they had given her.  Oh, sure they said it 
had chosen her, but she didn't believe it for a 
minute.  It was just some cruel joke they were playing 
with her.

Every witch's wand was different, but they were mostly 
similar.  They were usually made of wood or ivory, 
around one and half foot in length, and a little 
bigger around than a pencil.  However, Harriet's wand 
was an exception.  It wasn't elegant at all.  It was 
fat with a rounded end.  It reminded her of -- she 
blushed to think about it - her Aunt's dildo.  The 
dildo Chloe had used on her, before she was kidnapped 
and taken to this horrid school. 

The other girls always made fun of her every time she 
pointed that stupid wand and tried to weave a spell.  
Worse, whenever she did, she could feel herself flush 
with arousal.  

Harriet groaned with her frustration.  "I can't do it, 
damn it.  I'm not a witch and I never will be.  I just 
want to go back home."  It was frustrating.  She 
wondered why they wouldn't listen and why they 
wouldn't let her go back home to Chloe.

"Well, you can try again tomorrow, Harriet" said 
Madame Bartinova.  "Okay, Heather, why don't you come 
up and levitate this desk."

Harriet sat at her desk and daydreamed about living 
back at home with Chloe, while Heather attempted to 
levitate the desk. 

Heather made the necessary words and motions and the 
desk began to rise with her wand.   When the desk got 
about 2 feet off the ground it hesitated and vibrated.  
The vibrations the vibrations grew in strength until 
the desk upended itself and crashed to the floor.  

Madame Bartinova winced at Heather's performance.  
"For homework, everyone needs to practice their spells 
so you can do a better job than you did today."  She 
pointed her wand, spun the desk around and placed it 
firmly on its legs again.

'Damn it!' thought Heather.  'I should have been able 
to do that.  It's that damn Mud Witch's fault.  Ever 
since they put her in my room, I haven't been able to 
sleep or concentrate.  Every night it's the same old 
thing.  She goes to bed and then starts to cry.  The 
next thing you know, she's breathing heavy and the bed 
starts squeaking.  Oh Chloe!  Oh Chloe!  It's 
disgusting.  How can I be expected to function with 
such perversions going on?  Then, when I asked to be 
moved away from the little dyke, Madame Morganna 
denied my request.  Well, there's more than one way to 
get a dorm by myself.'  Heather grinned an evil grin 
and hurried off to start trouble for Harriet.
'Hee-hee, this is going to be perfect - just perfect 
to fix that little mud bitch,' thought Heather, as she 
murmured some incantations while she attempted to cast 
a spell much out of her range on an object on the 
table.  She felt her nipples harden in anticipation of 
her new roommate's embarrassment.

"And just what do you think you are doing girl?" asked 
Madame Hilda.

Heather quickly turned around hiding something behind 
her back.  "Nothing," she replied, while her eyes 
darted frantically.  

"Really?"  Madame Hilda tilted Heathers head up with 
her wand and then traced along her breast to her arm.  
"What's behind your back girl?"

Heather blushed and brought her closed fist in front 
of her.  "It's only my . . . panties," she said, 
opening her hand.

Madame Hilda gave her a stern look.  "Put them on."

"What?"

"You heard me girl.  Put them on.  *Now*."

Heather couldn't believe this was happening and it was 
all that damn Harriet's fault- the Mud witch.  'Damn 
it, there's nothing to do but do what she wants.'

Heather blushed furiously and reached up under her 
robe and pulled her panties off.  To her horror, she 
discovered they were slightly damp.  She was aroused 
thinking of her wicked plan.  'This is not how this is 
supposed to go at all,' she thought.

Madame Hilda pointed her wand at her.  Heather closed 
her eyes expecting the worse.  She felt chill bumps 
from fear, but didn't receive the expected lashing.  
When she opened her eyes, she squealed.  She was 
naked!

"You'll get them back when we are finished here.  Now 
put them on."  Madame Hilda handed Heather the 
panties, Heather had attempted to enchant earlier.

Heather gulped and slowly stepped into the panties.  
She took particular care to pull them up slowly - very 
slowly so as not to disturb them.  However, when the 
silken garment made contact with her downy fur, they 
twitched.  Then they struggled against her as if they 
were afraid to make contact with her virginal bush.  A 
mouth formed in the fabric and bit the poor girl on 
her clit.

"Ouch!" Heather screamed, letting go of the panties, 
which quickly scurried down her legs and huddled in 
the corner.

Madame Hilda pointed her wand at them and vaporized 
them in a puff of smoke.  "Really dear, maybe you 
should go get a potion from Madam Warren for your 
feminine odor."

Heather blushed in response and began to cry.

"Now tell me exactly what you were doing and why."

Heather told Madame Hilda all about what was happening 
with the new girl and her midnight antics were 
affecting her school work.  She continued on in more 
detail as the older woman nodded her head in sympathy.

"Oh you poor dear," Madame Hilda said when Heather was 
finished.  She reached in her bag and pulled out two 
knitting needles.  "First of all, you shouldn't try to 
magic objects.  You're to wear the white and whites 
leave the magicking of objects to reds."

"B-but," stuttered Heather.  "I don't know what robe 
I'm to wear."

"Girl, you have no artistic ability whatsoever, so you 
are definitely not to wear the red and you avoid 
conflict too much to wear the black."

"But Madame, you wear the white."

Hilda's blue eyes flashed in warning, though her face 
remained a stoic mask.  "Just because I avoid conflict 
doesn't mean I can't hold my own against the red or 
the black.  Here, get up on the stool girl," she said 
as a stool slid magically toward Heather from across 
the room.  

Heather stared at it in fear.  She wondered what Hilda 
had in store for her.

"Up girl.  I won't ask again."

Heather stood up on the stool.  It was bad enough to 
be standing in front of a teacher naked, much less to 
do so and be visible aroused.  She tried to cover her 
nakedness, only to have Hilda spank her hands with the 
wand.

"Much better," Hilda told the blushing girl.  "Now 
tell me, are you a virgin?"

"Ah-ah-ah-y-yes," stuttered Heather.

"Never mind, I'll check it myself."  Hilda ran a 
finger through the dark brown hair of Heather's sex, 
before experimentally poking a finger at her tight 
opening.  She frowned and stuck the finger all to her 
joint without meeting resistance.  "I see you are a 
true blonde, about as much as you are a true virgin."

Tears welled in the young girl's eyes.  "I-I-I only 
did it with ah-myself," she cried.

"Well, I guess that'll do for this purpose.  Tell me 
Heather, would you like me to help you devise a prank 
for the Wilding?  The best prank ever?"

Heather's answer was quick.  "Yes."  She wanted the 
new girl to suffer at least as much as she had at the 
hands of Madame Hilda.

"That's my girl," said Madame Hilda.  She dug in her 
satchel and pulled out a large bowl that was larger 
than the bag itself and two knitting needles.  

Madame Hilda handed Heather the bowl.  "Here, hold 
this and place your and over it like so."  Then, while 
Heather held her hand palm up over the bowl, Hilda 
quickly slashed her smooth skin with the sharp needle.

"Oh-god-oh-god," Heather repeated.  Her stomach grew 
queasy at the sight of her own blood.

Hilda placed Heather's wand in her mouth.  "Close your 
mouth girl, before a harpy flies in."

Heather held onto her wand with her lips and teeth.  
It felt reassuring to have her wand back, even though 
she was sure she was no match for Madame Hilda.

"Now, concentrate on healing your hand, while I make 
some magick for your little roommate."

Heather's eyes narrowed in concentration, as she 
attempted to heal the wound on her hand.  She was at a 
disadvantage because the wand was in her mouth and she 
couldn't utter the proper incantations, but she could 
see that the bleeding was starting to slow.

Meanwhile, Madame Hilda dipped the tips of her needles 
in the blood-filled bowl.  Then she set to work 
knitting an invisible garment over the girl's crotch.  

At first, Heather was only aware of the pain in her 
bleeding hand, but she began to feel a warming-an 
aching in her sex.  Soon the warming grew into a 
feeling of pure pleasure and her hips began to hump of 
their own volition.  It felt as if she were being 
licked by hundreds of tongues in her most intimate of 
places.  "Ehhhmmmm . . ." she gasped.

Hilda hurried at her task, her hands blurring as they 
knitted.  "Concentrate on the pain girl, don't you 
dare lose control," she warned.  

Heather tried to think about the cut -- about the 
pain, but soon the pleasure in her sex overwhelmed 
everything else.  It felt like her cunt was boiling 
with pleasure and the pressure was too much for her to 
contain.  It was more pleasure than she had ever felt 
before, even more potent than her first orgasm.  

When it burst forth, Heather was only vaguely aware of 
what was going on.  In fact, she could see her body 
below her as if she hovered above herself.  Her body 
looked almost possessed as it bucked and squirmed on 
top of the stool.  Her thighs shown from her sexual 
secretions leaking from her sex.

"Ugh-ugh-ugh-ugh," her body grunted, as her hips 
bucked lewdly.  

Madame Hilda quickly tied off the ends of the spell 
she was weaving, and Heather felt herself snatched 
back into her body.  Instantly, her need overtook her.

"Please," she groaned in a long wail.  There was no 
orgasm.  It had just dissipated into nothingness.  

The bowl dropped from her hand, but Hilda's quick 
hands were there to catch it.  She carefully placed it 
upright into her satchel.  Then she licked the 
remainder of the blood from the needles, before 
placing them inside as well.

"All done girl.  You can get down now."  Madame Hilda, 
helped support the poor girl as she collapsed from the 
stool.  She quickly healed the cut on Heather's hand.  
No trace of the wound remained.

"Please," Heather begged.  She was no longer turned 
on, but she felt the absence of the wonderful orgasm 
that disappeared sorely.  She touched her nipple and 
then her sex, but there was nothing.  She was numb - 
bereft of pleasure.

"That will do you no good.  It's gone." Madame Hilda 
held something between her fingers.  It was invisible, 
yet occasionally when she moved, the air was disturbed 
as it is when heat moves off a hot object.

Heather caught sight of it.  "What is it?"

"It's a spell stupid.  I've caught your orgasm and 
imprisoned it in this spell.  When you put this on 
Harriet, she will experience the sexual pleasure you 
felt, but she will be unable to climax."

A shudder ran through the young student.  The little 
mud bitch was going to pay for the problems she had 
caused, but she had one very strong reservation.

"But will-I-will-I be able to . . .ah-you know?"

Madame Hilda smiled knowingly at the girl's 
embarrassment.  "Of course you will be able to orgasm, 
but it will probably be tomorrow before you are strong 
enough to."

Heather rubbed her hands together in anticipation.  
"God, this is going to be so great.  What do I do?"

"Well, you just hold on to the spell real tight."  
Madame Hilda handed the invisible panties to Heather.  
Heather couldn't see them, but when her fingers 
closed, she felt a tingling in her fingertips.

"Then, you lay it on top of Harriet's panties and 
press it in real good.  When she puts them on, the 
spell will be transferred to her."  Madame Hilda 
cocked her head to the side and stared into space for 
a few seconds and then a smile broke across her 
impassive face.  "Yes, that will do very well."

She took her wand and made a few more incantations 
over the invisible panties.  "Now I've enchanted them 
so that whenever she hears a filthy word or her own 
name, she will get more and more turned on."

Heather giggled, while Hilda cackled at this new 
twist.  They young student walked toward the door, she 
was eager to pull her prank.

"Forgetting something, girl?"

Heather looked down and blushed.  She was still naked.

"Hold your hands up."

Heather obeyed, and Hilda pointed her wand at 
Heather's clothes.  Her undergarments and robe 
magically floated over and soon the student was 
dressed.  Finally, Hilda pointed the wand at Heather's 
forehead.  

"Close your eyes Heather.  When you open them back up 
again, you will not tell anyone a word of this . . . 
In fact, this was all your idea.  I was never here."

Heather opened her eyes and blinked a few times to 
clear her vision. Hilda was nowhere to be found and 
all that Heather remembered was coming up with the 
most wonderful spell to use for her practical joke.  
She finally felt like a witch -- a powerful witch, 
after creating such a complicated spell.  She tried to 
remember how she created it, but her mind grew foggy 
when she tried to remember the incantation.  "Oh 
bugger it, it doesn't matter how I did it, only that I 
did do it."  

She hurried to her dorm room and found Harriet's 
clothes lying on the dresser.  'This is going to be so 
easy,' she thought.  'The mud bitch neat freak always 
leaves out the clothes she is going to wear to bed.'

Sure enough, Harriet had left her pajamas and panties 
on the dresser.  Heather placed the magical spell on 
top of the panties and pressed them in.  "You're mine 
now, bitch," she giggled as she went over to her bed 
waited for Harriet to arrive.


To be continued . . .


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.






Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.8 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture


***********

The sun was beginning to wane and the fog which was 
ever-present at Frogwart's had begun to settle on the 
grassy field.  It heavy and thick, making it hard to 
breath.  It was even harder to breathe when you were 
tired and the score was tied.  Harder still when your 
second best player didn't bother to show up for the 
game. 

'Damn-damn-damn, where the fuck is Heather?' Harriet 
rested her stick on her legs and waited mid-field for 
her team's opponents, the Whites, to meet her.  

They were getting close.  Harriet pointed her stick at 
the girl in the white skirt running up the field with 
the birdie and two of her teammates broke off in 
pursuit.  Harriet closed the distance between herself 
and the lead girl.  'Damn.  We only have one volley 
left and they have five.  Shit!  Okay, here goes 
nothing.'  It was at that moment that Harriet 
stumbled.

The girl carrying the birdie saw Harriet fall on the 
damp grass and smiled.  She flung the birdie to the 
girl closest to Harriet, taking advantage of the 
situation.

However, Harriet sprung up quickly, jumped into the 
air, intercepting the birdie.  She turned and grinned 
at her opponent.  "Who's your daddy?" she laughed, 
before taking off in a run.

Harriet surveyed the field at a glance.  She saw that 
one of the girls on the opposing team was down.  
'Probably ran into Bets,' Harriet surmised.  The odds 
were finally even.  'We might just be able to win this 
thing.'

Harriet passed the birdie to her teammate and dashed 
off toward the left of the net.  She heard the slight 
whish of a volley.  "Pass!" she cried, hoping it 
wasn't too late.

Just as the birdie left Beth's keeper, the poor girl's 
movements slowed a hundred-fold as she was influenced 
by the effects of the magic.  That was what made this 
sport so difficult.  The sticks they played with had 
two functions.  On one end was a small net used for 
catching the birdie.  On the other a small orb, that 
when fired at someone would slow the person down to 
one tenth of their speed for two minutes or until a 
goal was scored.  You could only fire it once a game, 
and right now, the Whites had an abundance of volleys 
left.

Paula ran down the field with the birdie, her eyes 
wide with fright, as she looked around for the next 
volley.

Harriet wondered if Paula would ever be able to make a 
decent player.  She was fast, but she was so scared of 
everything, she was almost useless.  Scared of the 
magical volleys, scared of the birdie, scared of the 
sticks, she was scared of everything.

Harriet watched as the opposing team's goalie, turned 
her stick around orb first.  She waited for the motion 
forward to begin.  "To me!" Harriet cried.

Paula threw Harriet the birdie, glad to be rid of it.  
The volley hit her and then she too slowed down to the 
pace of a slug.  It didn't matter, because Harriet now 
had the birdie captured in the webbing of her stick 
and the opposing goalie was defenseless with her stick 
in the wrong direction.  Harriet flicked the birdie at 
the goal and then guided it in using the magic of her 
stick.  She watched the world speed up momentarily as 
she was wrapped up in the effects of magic.  Another 
of the opposing team must have gotten her, but it was 
too late and the spell was broken moments later as the 
birdie hit the net.  

"We've done it.  We've won!" shouted Harriet.  A 
resounding cry went up as the center of the field 
became a small tangle of girls in gray skirts hugging 
a curly-haired girl with glassed in the middle.  

After a small celebration with her fellow Grays, 
Harriet walked back to her room.  She didn't relish 
this next part.  Her roommate Heather didn't show up 
for the game.  She didn't even bother to tell them she 
wasn't coming.  This might not have been a huge 
problem when they were losing every game, but now that 
they had a win; it had become a much bigger problem.  

Even before they had a win; it would have been a 
problem to Harriet.  Not having any innate magical 
ability, Macrosse was one of the few things at 
Frogwart's Harriet excelled at.  As such, Harriet gave 
it her all when she practiced and played.  Her coach, 
Madam Morganna, had even made her team captain after 
today's win.  And as team captain, it was her job to 
deal with slack players.

Harriet opened the door to her room and grew mad when 
she saw Heather sprawled out on the bed reading a 
magic book.

"We sure could have used you at the game today 
Heather."

Heather put a finger to her lips and shushed.  "Quiet, 
I'm trying to study.  I'm sure you guys did a fine 
enough job of losing without my help."

Harriet smirked.  "For your information, we won."

Heather's eyes opened widely.  "But the Gray's haven't 
won since . . ."

"Yeah, well we won today, and if you go to practice 
and play, we might even win against the Reds next 
week."  Harriet threw her gear down in the corner and 
collapsed on the bed.  "Stick a fork in me.  I'm 
done."

Heather pinched her nose.  "Phwew, smells more like 
rotten to me, but what do you expect from a mud 
witch."

Harriet groaned and stretched out, before getting out 
of bed.  She was tired of the mud witch comments.  She 
wasn't a witch, she had no magic.  "Mud witch huh?  
C'mere, I'll make you a mud witch too."  She advanced 
on Heather, dirty arms and grubby hands outstretched.  

"Get away from me Hotter."  Heather's hand came out 
from underneath her blanket with her wand.  "I'm 
warning you," she menaced.

"Don't point that stupid thing at me."  Harriet 
bluffed, but immediately backed off.  It was no fun 
playing with these girls.  They had no sense of humor.  
Besides, the memory of Heather causing the desk to 
bang up and down in the class was still fresh in 
Harriet's mind.  

Thinking it was better to just avoid a bad situation, 
Harriet picked up a towel and fresh nightclothes then 
made her way to the shower.  She disrobed and stood in 
the marble stall, complete with some very frightening 
marble golems.  They took some getting used to, but 
the showers at Frogwart's were the greatest.

"Nasty filthy girl.  What have you been doing, 
wallowing in the muck?" One of the marble golems said.

"Get out.  Go wash someplace else.  We keep a clean 
stall around here," said another.

"You know better than that little monkeys," Harriet 
said.  "Let me have it--nice and hot."

The golems opened their mouths and hot water burst 
forth, almost blasting Harriet out of the stall.  

"Argh, you little bastards, not that much!"  Harriet 
grabbed onto the ears of the nearest golem to keep 
from falling.  

"Ouch!  Do as she says, the horrid witch has me by the 
ears!" groaned fat-faced golem.

The water flow slackened and Harriet relaxed under its 
soothing blast.  "Soap," she said and foamy water 
poured out of the golems mouths.

Harriet lathered herself up in the rich later.  Her 
sore muscles felt ten times better already.  The water 
felt better than good; the water felt erotic.  Harriet 
opened her legs as the water beat a steady rhythm on 
her sex.  "Ahhhh," she moaned, tugging lightly on a 
soap-covered nipple.  Then she heard a slight snigger.

"Aigh!" she cried, realizing where she was.  She 
cringed at the lurid looks from the golems as two of 
them pointed their water spray at her blossoming sex.  
"Stop it.  You're doing that on purpose you marble 
perverts."

"Awww, you almost had her Ralph," said one of the 
golems.

"Come on witchie, ride my face," laughed the golem, 
sticking out a very long marble tongue.  "You know 
what the say, once you've had a golem, you'll never-
aigh!  My eyes!"

Harriet poked the golem's eyes in a fashion that would 
have made Larry, Moe and Curly proud.  Then, she held 
up her two fingers in warning.  "Nigh! I'm warning you 
boys, I know how to use these things."

It was enough to convince the golems.  "Now keep them 
peepers closed, or I'll let you have it again."

The golems closed their eyes, while Harriet began to 
shave.  Even though she no longer needed the 
medication, she kept her sex cleanly shaven.  She had 
tried to let it grow back out, but couldn't bear the 
itchy feeling of the stubble.  It was a little 
difficult to keep hid from her other classmates, but 
so far, she had been able to.

She caught a Golem peeking through one parted eyelid, 
and reached out and pulled it back down.  "That means 
you too Ralph."

"Awwwww," the Golem pouted.

Harriet rinsed the soap off.  "Enough, I'm finished," 
she said.  

The water slowed to a trickle, as Harriet dried off 
with a towel.  She wrapped the towel around her 
middle, and put her hair up in a ponytail.  She padded 
over to the sink on her bare feet.  She brushed her 
teeth and then smiled at the mirror.

"Who's the prettiest girl in the land?"

"You are," said the mirror.

It was corny, and Harriet knew the mirror said that to 
anyone who asked, but it never failed to make her 
smile.  

Harriet returned to her darkened dorm room. 
Apparently, Heather was already asleep.  Harriet 
clicked her fingers softly and the candle lit to a 
small flicker.  Harriet turned so that her back was 
facing Heather, slid her panties up her lean legs, 
dropped the towel and then slid into a night shirt.  
Afterwards, she got into her bed and blew out the 
candle. 

As always, it didn't take long before her thoughts 
drifted to Chloe.  She missed her dearly and wondered 
what her cousin was doing at this moment and if she 
were thinking of her.  Harriet felt a tingling 
sensation in her sex.  She was getting more than a 
little aroused; she was in full blown heat.  She 
quietly slid her hand beneath her panties and caressed 
the damp folds of her sex.  "Damn golems.  The little 
bastards must have got me all worked up."

Her digits moved faster, and eventually her index 
finger slid home into the tight tunnel of her sex.  
"Mmmpff. . ." she gasped into the pillow.  Then she 
heard something that terrified her.  She was caught.

"Slut.  You couldn't wait ten minutes to frig 
yourself, could you?" Heather said.

"Ahhhh. . ." Harriet gasped.  A sharp surge of 
pleasure stabbed through her tiny nubbin.  She burned 
from embarrassment at being caught, but the sudden 
rush a pleasure, prevented her from stopping.  
Instead, her fingers increased their tempo of their 
own volition.

Heather clapped her hands and suddenly the room was 
full of light.  "I said, could you slut?" Heather 
snatched the covers off of Harriet, exposing the 
masturbating girl.

Heather felt funny inside.  She knew she shouldn't be 
enjoying her roommate's perverted performance.  After 
all, Harriet was the lesbian, not she.  However, no 
one seemed to tell that to her body, which was turned 
on beyond belief.

She found herself kneeling beside Harriet, whispering 
in her ear, "Slut, cunt-hole, finger fucker . . ." 
Heather's fingers slipped beneath the elastic of her 
panties.   

Harriet groaned as she was assaulted by wave after 
wave of pleasure, but just as she felt she should 
orgasm; it leveled off, robbing her of culmination.  
She tried to remember Chloe, because thinking of her 
cousin was usually enough to send her over the top.  
As hard as Harriet tried, she couldn't remember her 
cousin's face.  

It was Heather's fault.  The bitch wouldn't let her 
concentrate -- wouldn't let her remember Chloe. She 
kept whispering filthy names in her ear and Harriet's 
fingers refused to stop as long as the blonde 
continued.

"Shut up-shut up-oh-please shut up," Harriet gasped.

"Whore-cunt-licker-slut-hole-" Heather's fingers 
smacked wetly as they thrust in and out of her sex.  
Her panties had pulled into the crack of her plump 
ass, as her hand moved up and down in her crotch.  She 
had never been so excited before.  So excited knowing 
that while she could cum, poor Harriet could not.  
"Ugh-Ugh-god-cumming-you-ugh-mud-bitch-whore!"

Heather's body spasmed under the onslaught of her 
orgasm.  She removed her coated fingers from beneath 
her panties and wiped them clean on Harriet's damp 
hair.

"Mmmm. . . that was a good one," Heather whispered.  
She watched for a minute while Harriet thrust her 
fingers in her sex, grinding her pelvis against the 
mattress.  She grinned and captured Harriet's wrist, 
pulling the girl's hand from between her thighs.  

"Enough bitch.  I need to get my beauty rest."

Harriet moaned from her frustration, while Heather 
turned off the lights and fell into the blissfully 
contented sleep of sated desire.  Harriet sobbed 
quietly into her pillow as she tried to remember 
Chloe's face and will away the aching in her sex.  She 
felt that if she could just picture her cousin's face, 
she would be able to orgasm.  Surely, this must be 
some punishment for fantasizing about Heather tonight.  
She'd give anything to be home and away from this 
horrible school.

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.






Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.9 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Harriet felt something touching her sex, while she 
slept.  She opened her eyes to see a familiar looking 
tuft of blond hair and a very aroused cunt.  She could 
recognize that body anywhere.  It was Chloe's.  

"Do the nasty . . ." Chloe whispered.

"Chloe, wait."  Harriet pushed her cousin's hips to 
keep them from descending.  "I need to see your face."

"You've gone off to school and forgotten what you're 
supposed to call me already."

"I'm sorry Mistress.  Please, I need to see your 
face."

"Kiss me first.  I've missed you.  I've missed your 
tongue."

Harriet inhaled her cousin's musky aroma and kissed 
her sex lovingly.  Her tongue slid out and sought out 
her cousin's sweet essence.  Chloe lifted up slightly 
and tilted her hips.

"Now the other mouth, my nasty girl."

'Oh God, I'm losing control,' Harriet thought.  She 
traced her tongue along her cousin's pucker, teasing 
her.  Then she parted her lips and pushed it home, 
causing Chloe to gasp.

Chloe lifted up again.  "Sweet little kisses all 
over," she said, and Harriet obliged.

"Do you love me, Harriet?"

"Uh-hum," Harriet said between kisses.

"And you wouldn't cheat on me would you?"

"Nu-never, Mistress."

Chloe lifted up and turned around.  "Then kiss me 
lover," she said.

Harriet parted her lips and accepted Chloe's probing 
tongue.  Chloe shook her by her shoulders.  "You're 
going to be late for class, whore."

"What?" Harriet felt a stab of pleasure.  She opened 
her sleepy eyes, not to be greeted by her lover.  But, 
instead the leering eyes of her horrible roommate.

"I said you're going to be late for class, whore."

Harriet felt a stab of pleasure deep in her cunt.  
"Ah," she gasped, spreading her legs involuntarily.  
She felt chill bumps from the cold of the morning and 
realized she was naked.  Her legs snapped together, 
while her hands sought to preserve her modesty.  She 
jumped out of bed and opened her lingerie drawer.

It was empty.

"Where are my things?"

"Whores don't cover their cunts."

Harriet doubled over as she was overwhelmed by 
pleasure, upon hearing the word cunt. She needed to 
orgasm - desperately.  She could feel her juices 
cooling as they dried on her thighs.  Harriet couldn't 
help herself; her fingers found her aching sex, 
regardless of Heather's presence.

"Stop it you little finger fucker," Heather said, 
pulling Harriet hands away from her crotch and above 
her head.  "Hold them right there now."

Harriet obeyed, while Heather slid the robe over her 
arms and down her body.  Heather walked around and 
smirked at seeing Harriet's hard nipples standing at 
attention.

She gave them a playful thump.  "Your headlights are 
shining, but that should be pretty common for a slut 
like you."

Harriet looked down at her nipples in dismay.  "Please 
Mistress, I need a bra."

Heather smiled a big crocodile grin.  "Mistress huh?  
Yes, I think I like the sound of that.  Say it again."

Harriet bit her tongue.  It just slipped out and it 
was a word that was reserved for Chloe, not this stuck 
up bitch.  She refused to answer.  Instead, she glared 
in hatred at Heather.

"Stubborn, huh?"  Heather leaned in close to Harriet 
ear and whispered.  "Slut . . ."

"Whore . . ."

"Bitch . . ."

"Cunt . . ."

Every foul invective sent Harriet closer to the edge 
of orgasm, yet stopped just short of culmination.  It 
was torture by pleasure.

"Ah," Harriet gasped, surrendering to the horrible 
girl.  "Mistress--"

It was obvious that Harriet was turned on.  However, 
Heather found herself getting aroused as well.  She 
couldn't help but wonder what was happening to her.  
She was the normal one, while Harriet was the freak.  

She handed Harriet her book bag.  "Go on, get out of 
here," she said, suddenly angry and eager for Harriet 
to leave.

Harriet was just as eager to be away from her 
roommate. She took the bag and ran to class.
******************************

Harriet walked into class.  She was late and it felt 
like every eye followed her and her jiggling breasts 
until she sat down.  

Thankfully, it was her Unlearning class.  It was the 
only class where she was able to keep up with the 
other girls even though she had no magical ability.  
The only ability she needed for this class was the 
ability to think outside the box; to think of things 
in a newer and more magical way.  

**********************

"You see class," lectured Madam Morganna.  "Things can 
exist in many different forms.  Even the Mundane world 
is aware of this.  For instance, they believe that 
atoms are both a wave and a particle.  While it can be 
both, it can only behave according to one version of 
the reality.  In other words, it can't be *both* a 
wave and a particle at the same time.  Nor can it be 
either of these and behave as its magical equivalent 
of earth, binding, and life."

"Today class, we are going to talk - not about the 
world that most people know, but the magical world.  
Morganna pointed her pointer at the chalkboard and 
piece of chalk drew a map of the world on the board.  
Only this world looked slightly different than the 
world Harriet was familiar with.  This world had an 
extra continent smack dab in the middle of the 
Atlantic.

Harriet raised her hand.  "Madame Morganna, something 
is wrong with that map.  There's no such place."  

There were snickers of laughter around the room.  
Harriet wished she had kept her big mouth shut.  

"Quiet class.  Harriet here doesn't have magical 
parents and doesn't know about Avalon."  She handed 
Harriet a piece of paper with the map drawn on it.

"Tell me Harriet, if you wanted to hide the land that 
you've never seen on the world, what would you do?"

Harriet looked closely at the map.  She had no idea 
what to do.  There was nothing to do; it just wasn't 
supposed to be there.

There was more snickering.  Someone behind her 
whispered, "Mud bitch."

Again she was hit by a throb of pleasure in her sex, 
at the filthy words that were uttered.  "Ugh," Harriet 
gasped, bucking her hips, and crumpling the map 
between her hands in the process.

"Very good Harriet.  Yes, you would just fold the map 
to hide Avalon.  This is very much what was done 
thousands of years ago." Madame Hilda took the map 
from Harriet and held it up to the class.  "Well, it 
looks like you hid California and Japan as well as 
Avalon, but the result is the same."  She folded the 
map more carefully, until only Avalon was hid.  

"Why was this necessary?  Well around the time of Adam 
and Eve a very important event happened.  Back then, 
humans lived together with the magical world according 
to God's plan.  I'm not going to pretend it was a 
Garden of Eden, but it was a stable world - a world 
that evolved naturally over millions of years."

Madame Hilda motioned at the chalkboard and a scene 
began to unfold on the chalkboard.

"It was then that a man named Adam was born.  Adam had 
the very bright idea that instead of eating the fruits 
and plants that grew in the forest, he would help 
along the process a bit, and plant his own.  

He planted his own garden.  He discovered that the 
trees growing nearby were shading his garden.  He cut 
them down and made a house for his family.  Then, 
there were weeds to be pulled and animals to kill in 
order to protect his garden.  In the bible it says 
that it was Eve who at from the tree of knowledge.  
Well, it was Adam who fed it to her.  So I guess it 
would be accurate to say that Eve was seduced by the 
snake - Adam's snake to be exact."

There were a few giggles and blushing faces in the 
class at the implications of Hilda's lesson.  

"Later on, it was discovered what Adam and Eve had 
done and word was passed to the Elders of nearby 
clans.  They assembled a council of both humans and 
other magical creatures then went to visit Adam and 
Eve.  They saw what Adam had done and told him to pull 
up his garden and cease doing this new thing for it 
was not the knowledge of man to decide what lives and 
what dies.  That knowledge belonged to the gods.

Adam said, look, my family is well fed.  Everyone 
should do this new thing and no one will be hungry or 
want for anything.  

The council was unfazed.  If this new thing is such a 
good thing, then why do not the bees do it?  Why do 
not the birds do it?  Everyone knows the wisdom of the 
Centaurs and they do not do it.  We do not think this 
new thing is a good thing.  Will you not stop?

Adam's family had grown quite large and fat from his 
garden and Eve was even ripe with a new child.  Would 
the god's promise his family would be okay?  If they 
would not, then he would continue to grow his garden.

The council decided to not to kill Adam and Eve, but 
to exile them.  It was a big land and only one small 
family.  They took tore up the garden, and stripped 
the family of all their clothing and possessions.  

The council passed down the knowledge of what happened 
to Adam and Eve who ate from the tree of knowledge as 
a lesson to others who may get the idea.  They had no 
way of knowing that their decision not to kill Adam 
and Eve would come back to haunt them.  For Adam and 
Eve's decedents would multiply and come to own much of 
the world -- maybe even destroy it."

Madame Hilda waved her wand and the scene on the 
blackboard faded.

"We'll go over how the first modern witch has 
attempted to save the world at our next class.  Have a 
good day girls."

**************************

While Harriet was having difficulties, Heather was 
enjoying one of the best days at Frogwart's ever.  Not 
only had she made the desk float perfectly, but 
everything else she had attempted magically went off 
without a hitch.  Maybe it was getting a good nights 
rest or maybe it was the fact that she had performed 
an extremely difficult spell on her roommate.  
Whatever, it was, she was just glad that it happened.  
She was sure to get a robe at the next Robing ceremony 
- hopefully a white one.

After class, instead of going to Macrosse practice, 
she headed up to her room for a little magical 
practice.  She opened her spell book and turned 
several chapters ahead to work on a new spell.  She 
placed a pillow on the wall and performed a series of 
motions and pointed her wand.  "Affix," she commanded.  
However when she let it go, it dropped to the floor.

She was practicing this spell when Harriet walked in.

"Affix." This time when Heather removed her hand the 
pillow remained on the wall.

"You didn't show up for Macrosse practice today, 
Heather."

"Can't you see I was bus-wait what did you call me?"

Harriet blushed and murmured, "Heather."

"What was that *slut*, I didn't hear you?" The word 
slut slid off of Heather's tongue like a snake.  It 
was insidious - alive - and commanding.  It possessed 
Harriet's cunt like a searching tongue.

Harriet struggled to resist the effects, but it was 
useless.  

"Whore," Heather breathed.

"Ah-Mis-Mistress."

Heather's eyes lit up at the sight of her roommate's 
arousal, but she was growing increasingly disturbed.  
She found herself unable to stop the domination of the 
mud witch.  She never imagined she could get aroused 
so much by another girl.  She couldn't bear the 
thought of being a lesbian.  She came up with a quick 
solution.

"Kneel down, slut."

Harriet dropped down to her knees, while Heather 
rummaged through a drawer.  When she came back, it was 
with a pair of scissors.

"You know what I think the problem it Mud-Witch?  I'm 
in the prime of my life and it isn't natural for me to 
be stuck in with a school full of girls.  So maybe 
what I need . . . is to have my own little boy-a boy 
toy."  

With that, Heather began to cut Harriet's long curly 
hair.

Harriet watched in horror as large hunks of her curly 
black hair fell to the floor. Heather kept snipping, 
all the while commenting as she worked.  "Oh yes, you 
are going to make a very pretty boy.  My very own 
gigolo.  My pretty little boy whore."

Soon Harriet possessed a short page boy cut - a curly 
mop that Heather tousled when she was finished.  Next 
she picked up Harriet's magic wand, running her 
fingers over the gnarled surface.  

"It's about time you got some use of this thing and we 
both know what it's for, don't we?"

Heather placed the bulbous head of the wand to 
Harriet's lips.  Harriet instinctively parted her 
lips, sucking on it.

"Yes, you know too, don't you slut?  You're nothing 
but a huge joke at school, and your wand is the punch 
line."  Heather removed the wand from Harriet's mouth 
and lifted the hem of her short gray skirt.  She saw 
Harriet's panties and her gaze turned cold.

"What did I say about panties bitch?"  Heather roughly 
jerked the thin white garment down to Harriet's feet, 
and spanked the brunette's ass for good measure.  

"Y-you said that-t-that . . ." Harriet paused at the 
word.  She knew its effect on her sex.

Heather smacked her ass again to encourage her.

"whore's-oh-god," Harriet felt her pussy contract at 
her own words, her wet secretions running down her 
thighs. "don't cover their c-c-cunts-ahhhh."

"That's right."  Heather took Harriet's phallic-shaped 
wand and placed it base first against her roommate's 
sex.  "Since you can't seem to get any use out of this 
thing, maybe I can." 

"Affix," she murmured, tracing a design in the air.  
When she removed her hand, the wand remained attached 
and outthrust obscenely from Harriet's crotch.  She 
rubbed her hand up and down the shaft in appreciation.  
"Oh yes - very nice," she sighed.  She got up and led 
Harriet to the bed by her phallus.  

Heather raised her arms in the air.  "Take off my 
gown, Hari."

Harriet grabbed the hem of the gown with trembling 
fingers, lifting it slowly, she exposed inch after 
inch of Heather's pale white skin.

"Now fold it up for me."

While Harriet folded the gown, Heather crawled up on 
the bed with feline grace.  She circled once, and then 
lay down on her back, spreading her plump thighs.

"It's time for your first trick, whore.  You better 
get it right the first time."

Harriet climbed between Heather's thighs and lined up 
the head of the phallus with the opening of Heather's 
cunt.

"Stop!" Heather commanded.  "Typical male.  A girl 
needs foreplay, dummy.  Kiss me, caress me, tell me 
I'm beautiful."

'What is happening to me?' Harriet thought, as she 
kissed her roommate with light fluttery kisses, 
trailing her neck, down to her high-set breasts, 
before finally suckling on hardened nipples.  "You're 
beautiful Mistress Heather." 

"Use a deeper voice.  Beg me for it."

Harriet deepened her voice as best she could.  "Please 
Heather, I want you.  Let me have you.  Let me have 
your. . ."  Harriet groaned out the word "pussy".  It 
seemed she couldn't go for a minute without hearing a 
word that sent her spiraling toward an orgasm that 
dissipated.  She traveled down and tongued the girl's 
naval.  She could smell her roommate's arousal.

Heather grabbed her hair and pulled her up before she 
reached her sex.  "Fuck me now.  Fuck my pussy."

Harriet placed the head of her phallus between the 
plump wet lips of her roommate's matted sex and flexed 
her hips.

"Ahhh-" Heather gasped.  "Gentle-please be gentle.  
You're the first . . . boy." 

Harriet took Heather gently at first.  Soon the blond-
haired girl's legs were wrapped firmly around 
Harriet's back, driving her forward.  "That's it 
whore.  Fuck that pussy.  Fuck it good.  Oh yes, whose 
whore are you?"

Harriet silently prayed Heather would stop saying 
those filthy words -- words that tormented her with 
pleasure.  "Yours . . .your whore."

'I'm sorry Chloe,' Harriet thought as she surrendered 
to her roommate. 

"Tell me again, and call me Mistress."

"I'm your whore, Mistress."

"Say it again -- keep saying it until I cum bitch." 

Harriet repeated it endlessly as she thrust her hips 
into Heather.  Heather spanked her ass, providing 
extra encouragement when Harriet slowed. 

"That's it-that's it-oh god cumming!" Heather cried, 
hugging Harriet tightly.

Harriet kept driving into the blonde, seeking her own 
orgasm.  It never came.  

Instead, Heather grew tired and pushed Harriet off.  
"Ugh-get off."

Harriet rolled over and Heather promptly fell to 
sleep.  

'What a spoiled bitch,' Harriet thought, squeezing her 
thighs together in an attempt to relieve her need.  
She reached down and gave an experimental tug at the 
wand sticking out obscenely form her cunt, but it was 
thoroughly attached.  She groaned and tried to 
masturbate, but she still couldn't cum or remember 
Chloe's face.

'God, this is even worse than when I had to wait for 
two weeks to cum.  This time I don't even know if I'll 
ever be able to cum again.'  Harriet broke down in 
tears, her sobs echoed with Heather's light snores on 
the rock walls of the castle.  For the second night in 
a row, Harriet cried herself to sleep.

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.






Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.10 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

Okay, I received a lot of emails recently asking what 
was going on with the Hotter series.  What went on was 
that I released two chapters of Harriet Hotter and 
only received one email regarding it.  So, to be 
honest, I thought no one was reading it and went on to 
write other stories.  When I started getting requests 
to continue, it was hard to get back into the 
characters again.  

I've got lots of stories.  If you like a series in 
particular, please try to send me a note . . . even if 
it just says, "Liked it." Just so I know that it is 
being read.

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Harriet's sleep was fitful that night.  Every dream 
was full of images of sex and greater perversity.  She 
was dreaming that she was a boy and Heather was 
bouncing up and down on her cock.  Her hips began to 
buck, as she felt cum from a glorious orgasm welling 
in her balls.  

"Argh, I'm cumming!" she cried.

However, just as Harriet began to cum, the orgasm 
dissipated and the dream came to a crashing halt.  

"Argh, I'm cumming!" Heather cried, as she bounced up 
and down atop her prone roommate. Her body bucked, 
trembled, and finally collapsed in a heap.  

She looked up at her roommate through her sweaty 
disheveled blonde hair.  "You didn't cum, did you, my 
poor little boy whore?" Heather grinned.

"N-no Mistress," Harriet groaned.

"Awwwww, poor widdle thing."  Heather hopped off 
Harriet's wooden phallus, grabbed it, and pulled the 
protesting dark-haired girl to her feet by it.

"Come on, slut, time for a shower."

"B-but Mistress, I-I can't go like this."  Harriet 
blushed a crimson red and pointed below at the obscene 
wand pointing out from her crotch.

"Well, put some underwear on and let's go."

Harriet opened her lingerie drawer and discovered to 
her horror that in place of her panties, the drawer 
was loaded with boy's underwear.

"B-but I can't-these aren't"

"Put them on or go naked, my little boy slut," Heather 
interrupted.

Reluctantly, Harriet put on a pair of tight white 
BVD's, pointing her faux cock to the side and out of 
the way.  She placed a towel around her body, and 
prayed that the lump wouldn't show.  She was able to 
walk discreetly to the showers and slip in unseen, 
sliding the curtain to the wall for utmost privacy.

"Oh my, our little witchie's grown a dickie. . ." one 
of the golems said.  

"Hey everbody!" another announced.

"Shhhhh. . ." hissed Harriet.  She could ill afford 
for the other girls to overhear the golems.

"Ohhh, the witchie's got a secret hmmmm?  Come closer 
witchie, and I'll tell you how to keep it. . ."

Fifteen minutes later, poor Harriet walked out of the 
shower, her body trembling from her prolonged 
frustration.  Her secret was safe from her fellow 
students, but there was little in the way of secrets 
that she held from the marble golems once they had 
finished having their fun.

It was a poor start to the day, and it rolled steadily 
downhill from there.  Heather laid out a gray robe on 
the bed for Harriet to wear that was made out of an 
elastic material.  It barely concealed the bulge in 
her underwear, but did nothing to hide the jutting 
hard points of her nipples.  

"Heather, I need a bra." 

"Boys don't wear bra's little twit and that's what you 
aren't you?  My little boy whore - my cocked cunt."

"Please stop calling me that." Harriet begged as her 
body was wracked with need.

"Stop calling you what?"

"Boy whore-ahhh-oh shit-oh fuck-ahhh."  Harriet moaned 
in a tormented state of ecstasy.  She had forgotten 
what happened when she heard those dirty words, even 
when they came out of her own mouth.  

"But that's what you are, aren't you?  Come along 
little Hari-whore, let's go to class."  Heather handed 
Harriet her spell book and satchel.  "Here, boy, carry 
my books for me."

******************

The day provided Harriet with little relief.  
Thankfully, she didn't hear any of the words that 
seemed to set her sex on fire with lust, but she 
remained in a sort of horny haze anyway.  She wasn't 
wearing a bra and she could feel her breasts moving 
with every step. It didn't help when it felt like 
every eye in school noticed her freely bouncing orbs 
and jutting nipples.  Then there was the matter of the 
wand attached to her sex.  It moved with every step, 
and fear of discovery kept it always on her mind.

Her Unlearning class was the only class that took her 
mind off these things momentarily.  There, she learned 
about the first witch, Azreal.  Azreal could part the 
mists of time and on occasion look into the future.  
It was Azreal who saw man's rise, the ultimate 
destruction of the other magical creatures that shared 
the planet, and the ultimate destruction of man as 
well.

Azreal set about finding and training other witches to 
help move the magical creatures to Avalon and then she 
sought to seal Avalon away, until it would be needed 
again.  At the last moment, she was betrayed by her 
son Mordick, who slew his own mother and left the 
sealing undone.  Azreal's sister sacrificed herself in 
order to kill Mordick and thwart his plans.  This 
school, Frogwart's was built to fill in the breach 
that opens from this world to Avalon.

She learned that education of new witches was only the 
secondary duty of Frogwarts.  The primary 
responsibility of all the witches here, including 
herself, was to safeguard Avalon until it is needed 
again.

'Well, they are depending on the wrong person to save 
the world; I can't even save myself from my perveted 
desires, let alone help anyone else,' Harriet thought 
to herself as she sat down for lunch with two of her 
new friends, Lovelle and Paige.  

Lovelle and Paige both wore newly acquired black 
robes.  The new students with gray robes shunned them, 
and they had not yet started eating with their black 
garbed sisters.   Since most of the gray robed 
students shunned Harriet as well, she easily made 
friends with the two other outcasts.

"Hey Harriet, having fun?" asked Lovelle.

Harriet blushed in response.  How could she tell her 
two friends of her sexual problems - of her inability 
to have an orgasm - or of her phallus shaped wand held 
snugly in her BVD's.

"It's been alright," said Harriet.

"Are you looking forward to the Macrosse match later 
this week?" asked Paige.

Harriet's eyes gleamed with her old fire.  "You bet 
your ass - oh," Harriet gasped when she mistakenly 
uttered a curse word and her cunt clenched in 
response.

Harriet friends looked at her suspiciously.  Something 
was obviously going on with Harriet.  They couldn't 
quite place it, but judging from her hardened nipples 
and blushing cheeks, she almost looked as if she were 
sexually aroused.

Harriet heard someone come up behind her, and when she 
heard the sound of her roommate's voice, she quaked 
with fear.

Heather said, "Come with me boy-bitch, I've got a job 
for you."

Harriet bit her lower lip to keep from embarrassing 
herself by moaning in front of everyone.  She could 
feel shooting sparks of pleasure stabbing through her 
nether regions.  Flustered, she struggled to get up 
and obey Heather, before her friends found out what a 
pervert she had turned into.  

Harriet's two friends looked on the scene with wonder.  
Why was Harriet putting up with this kind of treatment 
from her roommate?  Why was she obeying?  

Lovelle put her hand on Harriet's thigh and held her 
down.  "Leave her alone Heather."  To Harriet:  "Don't 
worry about that bitch.  You're staying right here."

Harriet prayed Lovelle didn't feel her pelvis hump at 
the mention of the word bitch.  'Please don't curse,' 
she inwardly begged.

Heather pointed her wand at Lovelle's hands and 
performed an incantation.  By the startled look on 
Lovelle's face as she struggled to move her hands, it 
was apparent they were stuck fast to the table.  

Paige saw her struggles and turned to Heather, her 
smile innocent, yet her eyes full of malice.  "That's 
a pretty good spell from someone who's nips are on 
fire." 

Heather looked puzzled.  "My nips aren't on . . ." Her 
eyes suddenly widened in surprise.  "Aigh!" she 
screamed, clutching her chest.  She scrambled to pick 
up the milk filled cups and pour the contents down the 
top of her robe.  

She sighed with relief then turned her attention back 
to the black-robed girl.  She was just about to 
perform another spell, when she heard a few faint 
giggles from around the dining hall.  She looked down 
to see her nipples showing clearly through her wet 
robe.  Her face turned a bright red.  It was 
impossible to tell if it was from embarrassment or 
anger.

"You'll pay for that bitch, big time.  I'll make sure 
of it."  To Harriet:  "And as for you.  I'll deal with 
you later little toy."

Lovelle stretched her fingers, now that she was able 
to remove them from the table.  "What a creepy bitch."

"Are you okay?" Paige asked Harriet.  

"Yeah.  Thanks."  Harriet shifted uncomfortable in her 
seat.  Paige's hand was on Harriet's thigh to reassure 
her, but its presence was anything but.  It was too 
close to the new lump that resided in Harriet briefs, 
and she could feel her hard nipples poking through the 
fabric of her robe.  She knew she had to go before she 
embarrassed herself.

"Uh, I'm not so hungry anymore.  I'll see you later."  
Harriet got up and clutched her satchel to her chest 
to hide the eraser-like stubs sticking from the fron 
of her robe, but she didn't realize she was showing 
something much more obvious. 

"Is that what I think it is?" Paige asked Lovelle, 
pointing to darkened stain on Harriet's retreating 
rear.

"I think so.  You don't suppose she is a lesbian do 
you?"

"I don't know, but she is definitely into something.  
I swear she tried to rub herself against my hand when 
I touched her thigh."

"No way."

"Yes way."

"What did you do?"

"I put it there again."

"You're so bad.  Wicked even."

"I'm going to get even badder if we don't hurry up and 
have the school dance with some boys.  It was supposed 
to happen a month ago, but the teachers haven't even 
mentioned it.  It's like there is a conspiracy to keep 
me pure.  Well, I got news for 'em. If I can't get a 
handsome boy to dirty me up, I might just get some of 
that Hotter girl."

"God, I can't believe you sometimes, Paige," said 
Lovelle, suddenly serious.

Paige began to eat.  "Well you better believe it, 
Princess Priss.  I bet she will fuck.  Hell, did you 
notice she wasn't even wearing a bra?" she said 
between mouthfuls.

'Great, I guess I have to stop wearing bras in order 
for you to notice *me*,' Lovelle thought to herself.  
Harriet was a nice girl, but she couldn't help but 
feel jealous of the new girl.  Lovelle felt like she 
couldn't do anything right.  She was the weakest witch 
wearing the black robe.  She had even been bested by a 
mere gray-robe, and now her best friend liked the new 
girl who was even less magically inclined than her, 
but seemed to be much more athletically and sexually 
endowed.  Suddenly, Lovelle didn't feel much like 
eating either.

******************

Later that day Harriet returned to her room after 
practicing Macrosse with the rest of the team.  Well, 
the rest of the team except for Heather.  Harriet was 
scared of playing sans bra and wearing tight briefs 
which covered a hard six inch wooden wand in the shape 
of a phallus, but she actually was playing even 
better.  

The worry of someone seeing these new additions and 
subtractions to her wardrobe made things problematic.  
But, as strange as it seemed, being as horny as a 
just-docked-sailor gave her a newly found reserve of 
strength and a healthy dose of attitude.

Too bad that attitude couldn't be used to get Heather 
to practice.  'Well, maybe I'll try the indirect 
approach and use some child psychology,' Harriet 
thought, as she opened the door to her dorm.  She was 
shocked to see Heather and the whole Macrosse team.  
Only it wasn't her team in the room, but the Red's.

 "Ah, there she is," said Heather standing up.  "My 
little boy bitch.  Come on in.  We were just talking 
about you."

It wasn't as if Harriet had any choice in the matter.  
Several of the girls shut the door behind Harriet and 
pushed her forward into the room.

"Yes, don't be shy.  Heather was just telling us all 
about you.  It seems that you are a little boy . . . 
or should a say a little boy whore," said Stella.

Harriet cringed from fear when she recognized the girl 
that spoke.  It was the girl she had taunted during 
the Macrosse game and apparently she hadn't taken it 
as gamesmanship.  

"I-I'm not a boy," Harriet said.  

"But are you a whore?"

Harriet could feel questing fingers seeking the hem of 
her pleated skirt.  She batted them away, easily 
overpowering the other girls.  She could feel her sex 
leaking from hearing the dirty words that set her 
desire ablaze.  

"N-no, I-I'm not a whor-ahhhh," she moaned, as she 
felt an orgasm approach and then dart away.

"It sounds like you are slut.  Let's see about the boy 
part.  Girls, what is it that boys have and girls 
don't?"

"They have dicks!" the girls shouted and then pounced 
for Harriet's skirt again.  Harriet moaned in response 
and this time she was unable to resist as the raised 
her skirt, exposing her tight white briefs and the 
outline of the phallus contained within.  She was so 
turned on; her legs couldn't even support her body.  
Instead, she was forced to hug one of the girls that 
was lifting her skirt.

The girls laughed.  "Ewwww . . . she does have a dick.  
Let's see it."

Stella got up and approached Harriet, who was busy 
looking at Heather with pleading eyes.  When Heather 
got up and stood between the two girls and ordered 
Stella to stop, Harriet sighed with relief.  
Unfortunately, it was short-lived.
  
"Enough.  You remembered what we agreed on," said 
Heather.

"Awwww," the girls groaned.  

'Thank God.  I'm safe,' thought Harriet.

Then Stella reached in her satchel and took out seven 
shiny gold coins and gave them to Heather who said to 
the girls, "Have fun girls and make sure to use *her* 
bed."  Then she whispered to Harriet:  "I think this 
makes us even for lunch.  Now, I just have to figure 
out something special for your little black-robed 
friend."  With that she turned and left Harriet alone 
with the room full of girls.

'Dear God, they just paid for me.  Does this mean I am 
a whore now?' Harriet was horrified.

"Now let's see the merchandise."  Stella reached for 
Harriet's crotch, freeing her wooden phallus from the 
center slot of her boy's briefs.

There was a gasp and then the girl beside her said, 
"It isn't real," as if disappointed.

Stella slid her hand up and down the wooden phallus, 
jacking it off.  "It's real enough.  I paid good gold 
for this boy-bitch and we are all sure as hell gonna 
get fucked."

"No-I won't do it," Harriet protested feebly.

"You won't huh?" Stella said.  She walked over to on 
of her teammates and took the girl by the hand.  "Come 
here Ginnie," she said, as she led the red-haired girl 
to the bed.  "Here, let's get those panties off."

Ginnie hesitated.  "You mean-in front of everyone?" 
she whispered.

"There's nothing to worry about.  Everyone's gonna do 
it."

Ginnie relented and soon her panties lay in a puddle 
at her feet.  "Now lay down on the bed.  Make sure you 
use Hari's."

"God, this is so embarrassing," Ginnie said, sliding 
out of her robe and then laying down on Harriet's bed.

Stella walked over to Harriet.  "Are you sure you 
don't want to fuck her whore?"

Harriet could feel her juices drying as they ran down 
her thighs.  She did want to do it, but she couldn't 
bear the thought of the consequences.  "Uh, no I don't 
. . . I'm-ah-sorry."

"Don't tell me.  Tell Ginnie.  Come on, get closer."  
Stella led Harriet by the cock that was attached to 
her sex to the prone girl on the bed.

"Ginnie, I'm sorry but-"

"Typical male.  Don't you dare hurt her feelings in 
front of everyone like that.   Bend down and whisper 
it in her ear."  Stella led Harriet on the bed, until 
Harriet was positioned directly on top of invitingly 
naked girl.  Then she whispered in Harriet's ear.  
"Now repeat after me:  The whore is sorry-"

Harriet steeled herself against the maddening pleasure 
that assaulted her with every filthy word.  "The whore 
is sorry."

"But she wants to fuck and suck."

"But she wants to fuck ah and suck-oh-god," Harriet 
moaned.

"Your delicious tight little pussy."

"I want you Ginnie." Harriet growled.  She thrust her 
hips forward to fuck the delightfully becoming girl.

The girl yelped in pain.  "Easy, please-" she 
whispered in Harriet's ear.  "I've never done it 
before."

Harriet forced herself to slow down.  She took her 
time inserting the wooden rod in the girl's tight sex.  

The girl grimaced in pain, as Harriet pressed against 
her tightly bound gate.  Harriet nibbled her ear and 
whispered.  "It will only hurt for a minute.  Then you 
will love it."

"Oh," Ginnie gasped, her maidenhead torn asunder.  And 
then, "Oh-Oh-Oh-Oh-my-God!" as Harriet fucked her 
lovingly.  Ginnie wrapped her short pudgy legs around 
Harriet's lean muscular back and soon the tender 
strokes gave way to fast furious thrusting.  

"Oh God, I never knew," Ginnie moaned.  "Fuck me.  
Fuck me harder.  Oh shit Harri, give it to me."

Heather had told all the girls that it turned Harri on 
when someone talked dirty to her, and it didn't take 
long for even the most proper girl there to learn to 
cuss like a sailer, when every time she did it, 
Harriet would thrust into her with more vigor.

"Fuck-Fuck-Fuck-that's it-oh fuck-I'm cumming!" Ginnie 
screamed in a long drawn out wail.

Harriet couldn't help herself.  She slid down the bed 
and kissed and licked away the evidence of the girl's 
first time.  It was Ginnie's gift to her and she was 
proud to take it.  She was also glad that she had been 
able to make her first time a good experience.

Afterwards, Harriet's body was tired and every muscle 
burned in protest, but the promise of an orgasm that 
was just out of reach always spurred her on.  It 
spurred her on with Ginnie and then on through all the 
rest of the girls but Stella.  Four of the girls had 
been virgins.

Stella herded the rest of the girls out of the room.  

"What are you doing?" asked Ginnie.

Stella said, "I want some private time with the whore.  
Do you remember whose gold it was that paid for your 
little bit of fun?"

Ginnie left with the other girls after casting a long 
glance back at Harriet.

Stella grinned an evil grin as she advanced on the 
exhausted form of Harriet and ran a hand through her 
damp curly hair.  "You poor dear.  I bet you are worn 
out, aren't you?" 

Stella grabbed the wooden phallus and said, "Here, how 
'bout we get this thing off of you?"

Harriet was too tired to tell her that it wouldn't 
come off, but surprisingly Stella performed a little 
incantation and it popped right off.

'Finally, I can be rid of that cursed thing,' Harriet 
thought.

Harriet watched as Stella placed the wooden phallus 
over her own crotch.  "Affix," she said, as she 
performed an incantation.  

Stella stroked her hand up and down her new appendage, 
testing it out.  She looked menacing.  "Don't worry 
little whore, I have plenty of energy."

Harriet gasped as Stella's cruel intentions became 
clear.

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.





Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.11 
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, sci-fi)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  


(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Stella turned a very tired Harriet over on her hands 
and knees.  Harriet spread her legs wide in her 
eagerness to be fucked by the red-robe.  She hadn't 
had an orgasm since Chloe used the vibrator on her, 
and she hoped that her phallus-shaped wand might be 
enough to take her over the edge.

But then Harriet felt the wand poking not at her 
aching hot sex, but at her tightly clenched rear.

"Ugh," Harriet grunted, moving forward and arching her 
back to escape the hard wand.  "Wrong hole."

Stella grabbed Harriet firmly by her athletic hips.  
"That's the right hole . . . for boys like you," she 
said confidently, pushing the head of the phallus that 
had been previously lubricated with the secretions of 
her classmates, into Harriet's tight dark tunnel.

"Fuck!" Harriet groaned in pain, but the word causing 
her sex to clench.  This was nothing like the time she 
lost her virginity with Chloe.  That was like a sharp 
pain and then an amazingly pleasurable fullness.  This 
was like losing your virginity to every half inch of 
unyielding wooden wand.  Harriet reached back with her 
hands to push the wicked girl away, but Stella just 
grabbed her by the wrists and used them to push her 
upper body to the mattress.

Harriet wished Stella had paid a little more attention 
while gently divested the other red-robes of their 
virginity.  It was an act that needed to be savored, 
not squandered or even worse - plundered.

Of course Stella didn't feel she was squandering poor 
Harriet's virginity.  Her family had always had money 
and she had seen first hand the power that it bought.  
However, nothing prepared her for this kind of power.  
The wooden phallus practically thrummed with power, as 
she stuffed more of its length into Harriet's tiny 
hole.  Stella always achieved her goals, and right now 
her goal was to bury the dildo in Harriet's ass and 
teach the impertinent girl a lesson in humility.

Harriet tried in vain to fight the inevitable 
violation, but it only seemed to cause her more pain.  
Finally, she tried to give in to it and relax, but 
thinking and doing proved to be two entirely different 
matters.  It was only by chance that she happened on 
the solution.  She tried to push out as if she was 
using the bathroom and when she did, the dildo slipped 
in with much greater ease.

Harriet tried again and giving a long drawn out groan 
until she felt the comforting feel of Stella's stomach 
against her ass.  

"That's good.  I knew you wanted it," Stella said.  
"I'm going to fuck you now my little boy bitch."

"No, wait," Harriet pleaded.  "Let me get used to it 
fi-ugh . . ."

Harriet gasped as it was withdrawn, leaving her 
feeling empty to the core.  Then too soon, Stella 
pushed it home again.  Nothing could have prepared 
Harriet for the fucking she received by her classmate.  
It hurt more than anything she had ever felt before, 
totally driving away the aching need to orgasm for the 
first minute or so.  

Harriet knew she needed to be turned on in order to 
survive her ordeal.  Thankfully, Harriet knew an easy 
solution.

"Bitch," she grunted.  "Oh, you goddamn witchy-bitch, 
ouch, you are fucking my ass." 

"You like it don't you boy bitch," Stella said, 
fucking her paid for captive even harder.

Suddenly, it didn't feel so bad.  A pleasurable warmth 
enveloped the dark-haired sorceress.  Harriet wished 
the girl would let go of her arms so she could push 
back against her.  Instead, she had to settle for 
dipping her hips to meet every thrust.

"Mmmmm-yeah, I like it bitch," Harriet admitted.  "But 
it goddamn hurts.  You'll see one day when it's your 
turn."

Stella slapped Harriet's ass, leaving a red handprint.  
"My turn?  No way bitch-boy, I'm your daddy and it is 
always daddy's turn." 

Stella could feel her orgasm rising and proceeded to 
fuck Harriet as fast as she could, punctuating every 
thrust with a "Who's your daddy?" and a spank on the 
girl's upturned ass.

It proved too much for Harriet.  "You're my daddy, you 
goddamned bitch," Harriet admitted.  She was on the 
edge and it felt like she only needed a bit more to 
cum.

But before she could, Stella cried, "Oh-shit-I'm-
cumming!" and collapsed on Harriet's back, kissing her 
sweat covered neck.  "Worth every penny," she 
whispered, hugging the girl tight.

When she could move again, Stella pulled herself off 
her the collapsed form of her classmate.  She nudged 
the girl, but Harriet, just grunted and didn't open 
her eyes.

Stella performed an incantation and took off the 
wooden phallus, and noticed it had streaks of blood 
and evidence of Harriet's anal deflowering.  Stella 
took off her locket, opened the small golden bottle 
and a drop of glowing liquid dropped onto Harriet's 
plundered opening.  It instantly transformed from raw 
gaping hole to the smooth ivory rosebud it had been 
before.

Before she left, Stella cleaned, then reattached the 
wand to Harriet's crotch, tucked the long lean 
brunette into bed, and placed an extra gold coin on 
the pillow.  She looked back one final time and closed 
the door behind her.

That night Harriet dreamed, not of sex, but of 
something quite different.  There were three people 
standing on a hill, white robe, a red, and a black.  
The black was a male.

Harriet watched from the back, and they all seemed 
intent on the complex incantation they were 
performing.  The wind began to gust, blowing leaves 
around in circles, and pulling at the long robes.  
Harriet watched in rapt silence as the land on the 
other side of the valley seemed to fold in on itself 
and disappear, leaving only a path where it once was.  
'This is the Great Sealing', she realized.

The figure in black reached into his robe and pulled 
out a darkly stained knife.  It flicked out, faster 
than Harriet's eyes could follow.  Harriet didn't even 
know where it ended up, until the white robe began to 
turn red.  The girl in the red robe caught the wounded 
expression in her mother's face.  Mordick's hand 
flicked out again, grazing his sister's arm.  

The red-robed girl cast a spell on her brother and 
smoke seeped out of his robe.  The girl looked down at 
her arm and then fell down to her knees.  She 
preformed another incantation on the shimmering 
halfway folded land behind her.  Mists rose up, and 
the path was now hidden.  

Mordick turned around and looked in the direction 
where Harriet was hidden.  "Only two more," he said 
with a voice that caused the hair on Harriet's neck to 
rise.  She shivered as she felt a wave of malevolence 
over her such as she had never encountered before.  
Finally, Mordick disappeared in a final burst of 
smoke, leaving only the remains of his robe, but what 
Harriet couldn't get out of her mind was the look on 
his face.  It wasn't the look of defeat, but of evil 
victory.

On the ground, the red-robed girl clutched her white-
robed mother to her breast and cried out in agony.  It 
was a cry that never seemed to end and echoed in 
Harriet's ears, even when she woke up.

Harriet was covered in sweat and her heart raced from 
her dream.  She heard the cry again.  She almost 
panicked when she felt something on her, thinking it 
was Mordick, but then she realized it was only her 
roommate Heather.

"Heather," Harriet said.  "Get off me!  Something's 
going on."

She moved the girl over and gently pulled the phallus 
free.  'She must have come in while I was asleep,' 
Harriet thought.  She threw on a gray robe and ran to 
the direction of the scream.

It was coming from the bathroom, and it was worse than 
she ever expected.  Her friend Lovelle was on the 
floor crying in despair.  In her arms she held what at 
first appeared to be a gruesome monster, but what 
Harriet came to realize had once been a person.  The 
skin was waxy and sunken in around the bones as if it 
had been mummified.  So out of place on the aged body, 
was the bright red hair on top of her head.     

It was the hair that gave it away.  As hard as it was 
to believe, the gruesome looking mummified remains in 
Lovelle's arms was their mutual friend Paige.  Harriet 
fell to the floor and held Lovelle, doing her best to 
console the poor girl, just as Madam Morganna and 
Madam Morose, the old divination, teacher, entered the 
bathroom.

Madam Morganna said, pushing gawking girls away, and 
examining the body. "Dear Lord, what has happened?"

Lovelle said crying, "I-I don't know.  Paige was in 
the bathroom for a long time.  I came to check on her 
and--."  She looked down at the mummified corpse in 
her arms, sobbed unable to continue, and began to 
hyperventilate.

Madam Morose laid her hand on Lovelle's head, 
performed an incantation, and the young girl fell 
asleep in Harriet's arms.  

Madam Morose turned to Harriet and said, "Put the 
young lady to bed.  She will sleep all night."  To 
Morganna:  "Surely someone must have seen something.  
It is a public bathroom for goodness sake.  There are 
golems all over."

Madam Morganna waved her arms, shooing the few 
onlookers out of the bathroom.  "Out-out.  Everyone 
out.  Everything's under control.  Go back to your 
rooms.  You still have class tomorrow."

Finally, the girls in the bathroom reluctantly ambled 
out and returned to their rooms, whispering quietly to 
themselves.

"Dear God," Madam Morganna said.  "What are we going 
to do?"

"Well we need to investigate," said Madam Morose.  
"You start with the golems and I'll see if any clues 
where left on the body.  Tomorrow, we'll tell the 
other teachers and somehow we'll get to the bottom of 
this."

Visibly shaken, Madam Morganna replied, "Y-yes, we'll 
do that.  Maybe just a spell gone bad somehow."

Madam Morose said, "And where is Madam Hilda?  Isn't 
she supposed to be watching this floor?"

Madam Morganna said, "I don't know, but I'm damn sure 
going to find out."


To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.12
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation, fantasy)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********


When there is a death of one of your classmates, it is 
always tough and for everyone at school. For Harriet, 
it was even tougher, especially because she considered 
the girl a friend.  Well, even more than a friend 
after Paige stuck up for her when Heather was picking 
on her.  When things like this happen, you need time 
to grieve - time to sort out all those weird feelings.

But Harriet didn't have time for any of these things.  
There were no school prayers, no moments of silence, 
no counselor helping her through the grieving process.  
Poor Harriet couldn't even talk to Lovelle or any of 
the other girls about it, and it was not for lack of 
trying.  

*************

When Harriet woke up the morning following the murder, 
the first thing she did was to try to comfort Lovella.  
She was expecting to find the stricken girl crying and 
huddled into bed, but what she found was a smiling 
girl, humming as she put on the final touches for 
class without a care in the world.

Wide-eyed and staring with disbelief, Harriet said, 
"Lovelle, are you alright?"

"Sure," Lovelle said, primping her hair in the mirror.  
"Why wouldn't I be?"

Harriet was dumbfounded and almost couldn't put into 
words what she wanted to say.  "B-because of what 
happened to Paige last night."

"So?  Why should I worry about that?  Now I have the 
room to myself."

"Did those witches do something to you?" Harriet asked 
incredulously.  "Your best friend died and all you are 
worried about is having the room to yourself."

"Don't be silly.  Paige didn't die.  She just left."

Harriet grabbed Lovelle by the shoulders, spun her 
away from the mirror, and shook her, trying to knock 
the girl's addled wits back into place.  "She died 
damn it!"  Harriet gasped as the curse word had its 
affect on her quim.  "S-she died.  You held her . . 
.her withered corpse in your arms last night."

"Let go of me, you crazy bitch," Lovelle said, taking 
out her wand and pointing it at Harriet.  "Stop saying 
things like that about Paige.  It isn't very nice."  
Lovelle muttered a spell and before Harriet could 
react, she found herself on her arse about five feet 
away from her former friend.  Her robe rode up, 
exposing her tight boy briefs, with her bulge tucked 
neatly to one side.

"What's that?" asked Lovelle, pointing her wand at 
Harriet's crotch.

"Nothing," Harriet replied, blushing and quickly 
pulling her robe back over the bulge in her briefs, 
but the damage had already been done.  

"Here, let me help you up," Lovelle said, extending a 
hand.  She pulled Harriet to her feet and to Harriet's 
dismay, pulled her close and rubbed a hand 
possessively over her bottom.  "You know, now that 
Paige has left, I have an empty bed here."

"S-sorry," Harriet said, extricating herself from 
Lovelle's overly familiar embrace.  "L-l-look, I've 
got to get ready for class."

Harriet hurried back to her room, her mind in turmoil 
over Lovelle's attitude toward her dead roommate.  
Against her better judgment; she sat down next to 
Heather's sleeping form and nudged her until she woke.

"Damn it Hari, you better have a good reason for 
waking me up this early."

"I'm sorry, but this is important," Harriet said.  "Do 
you remember what happened to Paige last night?"

"Paige?  Paige-Paige-Paige-" Heather muttered as if 
trying to remember the girl's name.  "That bitch left, 
didn't she?  And good riddance."

Things were going nowhere fast.  Harriet wondered if 
perhaps all the constant teasing had made her go crazy 
after all.  It didn't help matters at one bit when 
Heather's hand started moving steadily up Harriet's 
robe.

Harriet caught her roommate's hand and tried to pull 
it free.  "Heather, this is serious."

Heather pulled back the covers, spreading her legs and 
exposing the mousy brown hair of her sex.  "This is 
serious too," she said, pushing her hand more 
forcefully up Harriet's robe.  "Come on.  You know you 
want it slut-boy.  You can't resist my pussy.  Can 
you, my little boy-whore?"

Every swear word was like a dagger of pleasure in 
Harriet's sex.  Her legs spread of their own volition, 
and Heather's nimble fingers freed the phallus shaped 
wand from Harriet's briefs.

There was something Harriet was missing, but she 
couldn't quite place it and things were becoming more 
and more muddled by the second.  However, just as she 
moved over top of Heather and felt the girl's legs 
wrap around her torso, Harriet glanced around the room 
and knew exactly what had been bothering her.

"One last question," Harriet moaned.  "There was stuff 
on my side of the room when I moved in.  I thought it 
was for me at first, but it belonged to somebody else, 
didn't it?"

"Nobody else - just me.  Come on whore, momma needs 
love.  Let me feel that cock."

"Think hard," Harriet urged.  "You don't remember 
anyone say . . . sitting at my desk and doing 
homework."

"I am thinking hard.  I'm thinking of your hard cock.  
Give it to me.  Fuck me you little boy-bitch."

Harriet was helpless to stop herself.  Every swear 
word only served to increase the horribly aching need 
inside her and though her mind knew she wouldn't 
orgasm, her body refused to acknowledge the fact.  Her 
hips thrust, plowing the cock shaped wand inside her 
roommate, fucking her.

"Oh God, I feel you stretching my pussy," Heather 
moaned.  "Do you like it whore?  Do you like my 
pussy?"

Harriet looked down at the cute girl beneath her.  She 
looked so angelic like this, without makeup and with 
her hair in disarray.  How could someone so cute, be 
so evil, and say such nasty words, when she knew the 
effect they had on poor Harriet.  With every cunt, 
whore, pussy, that Heather uttered, Harriet was driven 
closer and closer to an orgasm that never came.  
Finally, the frustrated girl was forced to shut her 
roommate up the only way she knew how.

She drove her mouth down on the bleach blonde and 
kissed her.  

Heather gasped at the sudden intrusion of the questing 
tongue in her mouth, but then she surrendered to it; 
holding on tightly to Harriet as she shuddered from 
the effects of an orgasm.

Afterwards, Heather pushed Harriet off of her.  "Mmmm, 
get off.  I've got to get ready for class."

Standing up, Heather rubbed her hands up and down her 
naked body as she stretched.  "That was a good one," 
she said.  "You keep doing like that and I'm going to 
make so much money off of your arse I can buy my own 
castle."

Harriet felt her cheeks burn, hearing the girl talk so 
lightly of renting her out like some sort of 
prostitute.  

"Heather, listen, I need to talk to you about that.  
I'm not the kind of ah . . .girl that does things like 
that."

"Like what?" Heather said, teasingly.

"You know. . ." Harriet was at a loss for words, or at 
least words that wouldn't cause a sexual reaction.  
"Has sex for money."

"You mean whores."

Harriet's chest began to rise and fall quickly as she 
felt her body react to Heather's language.

"Fucks," Heather said, getting into it.  "Uses his 
little cockie to fuck little girl's pussies."

"Please," Harriet gasped, grabbing the bed to keep her 
hands from caressing herself.  "Don't talk like that.  
I can't bear it.  It-it's been too long."

"Then are you going to be a good little boy-toy for 
me?"

"Y-y-yes," Harriet stammered, just wanted Heather to 
leave her alone.  "Just, don't make me do it with S-
Stella, okay?"

"Why?"

"She-she made me do things.  She put it someplace she 
wasn't supposed to," Harriet admitted, blushing 
prettily.

"She put what?"

"The-the . . . wand."

"You mean cock.  Where did she put the cock?"

"In my . . . bottom."

"The word is ass, Hari," Heather said.  "Did she put 
it in your arsehole?"

Harriet couldn't admit it.  She looked down at her 
feet and nodded her head slightly.

"Awww," Heather said, putting a comforting arm around 
her roommate and rubbing a possessive hand over her 
bottom, making Harriet feel safe from Stella for just 
a moment.  "I wish I could have seen it.  I wish I 
could have seen my little boy-bitch getting fucked."

Harriet's eyes welled with tears.  She wasn't safe 
after all.  She wasn't safe from either of these 
sadistic bitches.  She tore herself away from 
Heather's grasp, pulled on a pair of briefs and threw 
a robe over her body.  "Leave me alone - you - you . . 
. meanie!"  

Harriet slammed the door behind her, feeling the loss 
of her vocabulary almost as much as the aching pit in 
her heart that had been there since she was torn away 
from Chloe.  

************

The showers were eerily silent, and it took Harriet a 
minute to put her finger on it.  The golems weren't 
speaking.   

"Nothing to say?" she asked a particularly wide-eyed 
marble face.

The face didn't show any response, much less respond.  
A cold chill crept up Harriet's spine.  This was where 
Paige was killed and now the golems didn't even act 
like they were alive.  As much as she hated the 
perverted little creatures, especially after what they 
did to her the last time she was here; right now, she 
would have given anything to have their comforting 
presence.  She quickly took her shower and left, going 
straight to class instead of back to her room.

At her next class, Harriet waited for the Madame Hilda 
to bring up Paige, but she never did.  Harriet raised 
her hand.

"Yes?" asked Madame Hilda.

"Ma'am, I was wondering what happened to Paige?" asked 
Harriet.

"Paige who?  Was she a student or someone you know 
from back home?"

Harriet could feel everyone's eyes upon her.  What was 
wrong with them?  Was she crazy or was everyone crazy 
or under some sort of spell.  While it was possible 
the constant arousal had affected her wits, Harriet 
didn't feel crazy.

"Nothing ma'am.  It's no one," Harriet answered.  It 
was clear if she was going to get to the bottom of 
this, she was going to have to do it herself.  

There was another option as well, and that was to 
somehow get thrown out of school.  That way she could 
be with Chloe.  The only problem was, she had grown 
fond of some of the girls, and even the ones she 
didn't like, didn't deserve to die without a memory, 
as if they never existed.

It was then that Harriet looked around the room and 
noticed for the first time the empty seats.  There 
were several and they weren't odd in themselves, but 
she would have figured the empties to be in the back 
or on the side, but not scattered throughout the 
class.

There was only one way to find out if the seats and 
Paige's death were linked.  Harriet whispered to the 
girl next to her.  "Amber, how come no one ever sits 
in that seat in front of you?"

"What seat?" Amber asked, squinting, and then her eyes 
opened wide in surprise.  "Oh that one.  There must be 
something wrong with it."

It was getting weirder and weirder.  The empty desks 
seemed to be forgotten as well.  The two had to be 
linked.  After a few minutes, Harriet passed Amber a 
quickly scribbled note.  

It read:  Do you remember who used to sit there?

Amber passed the paper back.  "Where?" it read.  

Harriet gulped in fear.  The worse thing was, she had 
almost forgotten the empty seat herself and it wasn't 
until she read the paper that it all came back in a 
flash of memory.  For the rest of the class, Harriet 
was a note taking demon.  Madame Hilda was impressed 
by her new diligence, but she wouldn't be if she read 
what Harriet was writing.  Because, Harriet wasn't 
writing notes about magic, instead she was writing all 
the strange occurrences that had happened to her, so 
she wouldn't forget - couldn't forget the evil things 
that were happening.

By lunch, she had notes about all the weird 
occurrences and she was no longer as scared.  For one 
thing, she had a plan.  Well, two plans really:  One 
for getting to the bottom of Paige's death and the 
other for getting thrown out of Frogwart's.

And at lunch, she had a chance to set the latter into 
motion.  The best thing was, Heather was going to help 
her and she didn't even know it.

*************

At lunch, Lovelle ate with the other black robes, as 
if she had never sat with Paige and Harriet.  So 
Harriet was eating alone, until Heather showed up with 
a girl in tow.

The two sat down.  "Harriet, I'd like you to meet, 
Candice," Heather said grinning.  "She may be a new 
customer."  

'Meaning, she's paid you money, so that I will fuck 
her,' Harriet thought to herself, but this time she 
didn't mind.  Candice could very well be her ticket 
home.  It didn't hurt that Candice was cute either.  
She was short, with dark hair, a little on the plump 
side, but she had a pretty smile and the cutest 
dimples.

Tracing her lips with her tongue, Harriet placed her 
hand on the girl's thigh, sliding it seductively up 
and down.  "Hi, Candice," Harriet said.  "You don't 
mind if I call you Candy, do you?"

Harriet hand slid stealthily toward the young girl's 
crotch.  "Ah-no!" Candice gasped at the sudden 
intrusion, trying to block Harriet's access.  She 
wanted it sure, but she didn't want everyone in the 
lunch room to know she had paid for sex.  This whole 
situation was so embarrassing.

"Good," Harriet said.  "I hear Candy tastes sweet.  Is 
that what you want?  Do you want me to eat you all 
up?"  Harriet grinned salaciously.  She fell easily 
into this new role.

Candice blushed a crimson red.  "Ah-ah-Heather said 
that you had-a-had-a-"

"Shhhh," Harriet said, stopping the girl before she 
could utter the dirty word she meant to say.  Harriet 
couldn't afford to be made to horny or else she might 
lose control.  She took Candice's hand and placed it 
overtop her hard phallus.  "Is this what you want?  My 
wand?"

Candice's hand grasped the round object.  She could 
feel the heat throb in her panties.  Her nipples 
hardened and her breath sped.  "Yes," she breathed.  
She moved her hand up and down, pumping Harriet, 
oblivious to the crowded lunchroom.

Harriet turned to Heather.  "Has she paid yet?" she 
asked.

"Ahhh-no," Heather stammered, caught be surprise.  She 
fully expected to have to whisper sweet nothings, well 
filthy words really, into Harriet's ear until she had 
her way.  However, Harriet had somehow gotten the jump 
on her and quickly seduced Candice herself.  

Candice fumbled in her satchel removing a few silver 
coins.  "Is that enough?" she asked.

Heather quickly palmed the coins and hid them.  "Curse 
it," Heather said, quickly palming the coins.  "Not in 
front of everyone."   

Harriet got up and took Candice by the hand.  

Candice said, "Where are we going?"

"I know a place," Harriet said.  "Is this your first 
time?"

"Yes," Candice whispered in Harriet's ear.

"Don't be scared," Harriet said, leading Candice 
through the kitchen and into the pantry.  "You're 
really going to like this."  

Candice halted in front of the pantry.  "Can't we go 
to your room?" she asked. 

Harriet grabbed the plump girl by her short dark hair 
and drowned out her objections with a deep and 
forceful kiss.  At first, only Harriet's tongue 
explored Candice's mouth, but soon Candice's joined in 
on the fun.  

Harriet stole her hand beneath Candice's robe, 
stroking and massaging the girl's pussy, then ripping 
the thin soaked panties off.  She brought her hand up 
and cleaned off her sticky fingers with a wet smack.  
"So sweet I could eat you little Candy," Harriet said.   
"But you didn't pay to be eaten, did you?"

Candice blushed, looking down at her feet.  "Y-you can 
do anything you want," she stammered.

"But you didn't, *did* you?"

Candice shook her head.

"Tell me what you paid for."

"For you-for you," Candice stammered momentarily, then 
grabbing Harriet's phallus.  "For you to fuck me."

Harriet gasped with Candice's foul language, and 
bucked hips in response.  

'I've got to stop her from cussing, so I can control 
myself,' Harriet thought, pushing Candice onto the 
counter and lifting up the girl's black robe and 
exposing a cute little tuft of black hair and a pair 
of large plump breasts with fat nipples.

Harriet palmed Candice's breasts, bunching them up and 
tweaking her stiff nipples.  She was jealous of their 
size and she couldn't seem to get enough of them 
either.

Candice's mouth parted into an O, as she gasped from 
these new sensations.  Her legs parted and the lips to 
her sex followed suit.  The moisture stained her fat 
little thighs.  "Please fuck me," she gasped.

Harriet hips surged forward, as if she had been 
shocked by a cattle-prod.  Fumbling with her robe 
until her wooden phallus was free; she slid it between 
Candice's wet nether lips, coating the mushroom shaped 
head.

"Oh God!" Candice moaned, her nipples tightening into 
hard little knots, as she felt sparks of pleasure flow 
through the wand teasing her sex.  "I need it.  I need 
it so bad.  I need it in my pus-"

Harriet quickly reached up and scrunched Candice's 
pudgy dimpled cheeks together, silencing her.

"Shhh. . ." she said, inserting a finger into the 
girl's mouth.  "It might hurt a bit, but I'm going to 
take it now.  I'm going to take your virginity."

Harriet slowly eased forward, impaling the chubby 
dark-haired witch.  Candice gasped at the initial 
penetration, her mouth parting around Harriet's finger 
and giving a squeak of pain as her maidenhead was torn 
asunder.  By the time Harriet was firmly embedded in 
the dark-haired girl's pussy, Candice had wrapped her 
short legs around Harriet's back and was eagerly 
sucking the finger in her mouth.  

Harriet slowly eased all the way out and bent down to 
inspect the deflowered girl's pussy.  Embarrassed, 
Candice reached down to hide her charms, hide the 
evidence of her former virginity.  "Don't," she 
whispered.

"Shhh. . . don't be afraid Candy," Harriet reassured 
the girl, as she pulled her hands out of the way.  
"Let me see it.   Let me see the gift you've given me 
and that you can never give to another soul."

Candice relented, allowing Harriet to spread her legs 
and then the very lips of her sex.  "Oh God," she 
gasped in disbelief and carnal pleasure as Harriet 
licked the thin trail of blood from her thigh and the 
cleaned the traces of it from her damp sex.  She was 
in heaven, but she needed more.  She yearned to be 
penetrated, impaled, taken, and fucked.  "Fuck me 
Harriet.  Please, I need it.  Fuck me.  Just fuck me."

Harriet was already turned on beyond belief, but the 
filthy words Candice uttered drove her to the brink of 
orgasm and left her hanging at the edge of the 
precipice, but failed to grant her the release of 
falling.  She pushed herself up, kissed the girl with 
crimson laced lips. 

"Shhhh-" Harriet said.  "Don't talk like that.  Good 
girl's get treated nice."

Then she thrust into her with one brutal stroke, 
embedding the wand to the hilt.  "And bad girl get 
punished."

Candice yelped in discomfort at the sudden 
penetration.  Then she settled down as Harriet gently 
fucked her.  Her hands moved up and down her body, 
caressing herself.  Her hips thrust gently back and 
forth with each stroke.  

'God, this is heaven.  This is what I've been waiting 
for,' she thought, as her hands moved through her 
hair, moved down lifting her large breasts, before 
settling on her nipples.  Black fingernails gently 
traced the eraser-like nubs.  There was a moment's 
hesitation and then she grabbed them and tugged them 
roughly, before letting go, causing them to jiggle as 
they settled down.

Harriet moaned, licking her lips in response to the 
girl's wanton display.

Candice saw the heat and response in Harriet's eyes.  
She did it again, loving it as Harriet plunged into 
her with a particularly brutal thrust.  She bit her 
lower lip, looked at Harriet, and with a gleam of 
wickedness in her eyes, her lower lip released and the 
word "Fuck," rolled off her tongue.  

Some people can say fuck in such a way that it doesn't 
sound like a cussword at all.  Some people can say it 
in such a way that you know they are disappointed or 
hurt.  Yet, Candice said it in such a way that to 
listen to it, it was the vilest and nastiest word 
there was.  She said it in such a way that images of 
whores down on their knees as they earned their money, 
exotic dancers doing a lap dance, or Roman orgies were 
brought to mind.  

Harriet thrust.  The sound of their bodies colliding 
gave a wet smack and Candice's breasts lurched and 
then trembled to a stop.  

"Fuck!" Candice spat again.

Harriet met it with another thrust, pounding the 
chubby girl, her body divorcing itself from her mind.

"Fuck-fuck-fuck!" Candice grunted.  Every fuck was met 
with a pounding, surging thrust.  She loved it; the 
pain and pleasure becoming one.

Harriet knew Candice was unaware of the state she had 
put her in, but she had to do something to stop her.  
Had to shut her up before she was driven mad from the 
maddening aching inside her pussy.  She pulled the 
short girl off, turned her around, pushed face down on 
the table.

"That's it," Candice cried.  "Give it to me.  Fuck me 
hard!" 

Harriet grabbed her by her short dark hair and mashed 
her face into the flour sack on the table - anything 
to shut her up.  She fucked the short girl, pounding 
her from behind, causing flour fly in all directions.  

Candice stopped cussing.  Instead, she issued a sharp 
cry, more like a yelp really, with every thrust of the 
phallus.  She could feel a pressure growing in her 
cunt, but she was too oblivious to even know that she 
was getting ready to cum for the first time.  

Harriet was oblivious too.  Forgotten were her plans 
of getting to the bottom of Paige's murder or getting 
thrown out of this dreadful school.  Instead, she was 
enraptured by Candice's plump bottom as it jiggled 
with every thrust and watching the girl's pink labia 
as they distended, clinging to the wooden wand as she 
withdrew.
  
"Ugh-ugh-ugh," Candice cried louder and louder with 
every thrust.  She pushed back against Harriet, 
lifting her legs from the ground; spread her thighs 
with her toes curling.  She gave a long drawn out wail 
as her orgasm hit.  For a moment, it felt like her 
pussy was a bright light of pure pleasure shining 
through her body.    
 
In the cafeteria, conversations stopped as they heard 
the cry.  Those that stopped looked in the direction 
of the kitchen, where someone was obviously getting 
fucked - and getting fucked well.

Back in the pantry, Harriet hurriedly pulled Candice's 
black robe down her unmoving body, tucked the wand 
back in her briefs and dusted herself off.

"Come on Candy," Harriet said, pulling Candice by her 
shoulders.  "Let's go."

Candice stood up on her wobbly legs, pulling her 
sweaty hair out of her eyes, and wiping the flour from 
her face.  "Wow," she said, allowing herself to be 
pulled back toward the cafeteria.  "Harriet . . . .can 
we - can we do that again?"

Harriet reached over and pushed Candice's handing 
bangs behind her ear.  "Maybe," she said.  "But, 
there's something I need first."  

"I-I don't have any more money," Candice said.  "But, 
I can see if I can get some from home."

"I'm not talking about money," Harriet said, wondering 
what she should ask for.  She needed to get out, avoid 
getting killed, solve a murder, be with Chloe, and 
have an orgasm, and not necessarily in that order.  
She wondered which of these Candice would even be able 
to help her with and decided.  "What I need is a map.  
A map of Frogwart's.  All of Frogwart's."

"But, I don't know where a map like that-" Candice 
began, only to be pushed against the wall and forcibly 
kissed.

Harriet pulled back, licking her lips and tasting 
flour.  "You'll find it," she said, opening the door 
to the cafeteria.  Candice nodded, her big brown eyes 
hopeful, as she ducked beneath Harriet's arm and 
walked into the silent cafeteria, with every eye 
looking at her with a mixture of shock and jealousy.

Candice's already rosy cheeks, burned a little 
brighter.  None of her classmates failed to notice the 
handprints left on her arse and bottom - evidence left 
by Harriet and white flour on the black robe.  She 
made her way to the other blackrobes and sat meekly at 
their table.

Harriet watched out of the corner of her eye, trying 
to appear nonchalant about the whole affair.  At first 
the other blackrobes looked at Candice in shocked 
disbelief.  Then one of the girls said something to 
Candice, Candice replied, and all most of the other 
blackrobes moved in close to hear her.  Eventually, 
they all crowded around her as she told her tale, with 
furtive looks in Harriet's direction.

'Yes,' Harriet thought.  'I'm going to be very busy.  
I wonder how long it will take for them to throw me 
out now.'

To be continued. . . 


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.13
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation, fantasy)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

Later on, Harriet went back to her dorm room, and began 
outlining her plans in earnest.  She idly twirled her 
pencil through her fingers, occasionally glancing at the 
door as if expecting something.

Suddenly, the door burst open and Heather stormed in fuming 
mad.

"What in the hell did you think you were doing in the 
cafeteria?"

"Exactly what you wanted," Harriet said, unperturbed.

"But-but," Heather stuttered.  She couldn't help glancing 
down at Harriet's crotch, the curly haired girl wasn't even 
wearing her robe.  Just a tight pair of BVD's which did 
little to hide the phallic shaped wand within.  Heather 
found she couldn't keep her eyes off the protuberance.  "Y-
you're drawing too much attention . . . and why aren't you 
wearing your robe?  We have class in a few minutes."

"Because it's hot in here," Harriet said.  Her hand went 
down to her crotch and slid up and down bulge, outlining 
the shape.  "Don't you think it's hot?"

Heather felt herself growing aroused and more than a little 
flushed at the erotic display.  "Maybe a little," she 
admitted.

Harriet spread her legs wide and pressed down on her 
underwear, causing the mushroom shaped head to peak out 
from the fly of the briefs.  "Maybe a lot," she said.  
Heather was entranced like a moth to a flame.  

"Say Heather," Harriet asked in a unconcerned voice.  
"Where's my share of the money?"

"What money?"  

"The money you've been making selling me - selling this."  
Harriet pointed down to her crotch.  Now, two inches of the 
wand rose of from the band of Harriet's briefs.

Heather was clearly growing more and more anxious from this 
line of questioning and from the sight of her near nude 
roommate.  "Ah-ah I'll give you your share later."

"Just how much is my share?  What percent?"

"It's enough."  Heather snapped.  She was annoyed by 
Harriet's presumption.  Heather knew it was high time to 
put the little upstart in her place.

"Greedy slut," Heather slyly whispered, advancing on the 
semi-nude girl.  "My little whore-lock, you'll get what I 
give you and smile like the good little bitch boy you are."

Harriet couldn't help but to react to the dreadful filthy 
words.  Her hands moved over her body caressing small 
breasts and nipples of their own volition.  While she might 
not have control over her body, she still retained control 
of her mind, but not by much.

Heather reached beneath her robe and her panties fell into 
a puddle at her feet.  She advanced on the writhing girl on 
the bed.
  
"Come here," Harriet urged.  "I'll do you.  I'll do you 
just like I'll do everyone else.  *For free*."

Heather stopped in her tracks.  

"That's right," Harriet grinned.  "I'll give it away.  I'll 
flood the marketplace with wooden cock.  Law of supply and 
demand Sweets.  Let's see how much you can sell it for 
then."

They didn't cover economics at Frogwart's, but Heather 
wasn't stupid either.  What Harriet said made sense.  Who 
would want to buy a fuck, when they could get it for free?  
She stopped and stared at Harriet with a sudden new 
respect.

"Okay," Heather said.  "Seventy-thirty."

Harriet took off her BVD's and leaned back against the 
wall.  "You can do better than that Babe," she said, 
waggling her cock at Heather.

"Sixty-forty."  Heather pulled her robe over her head.  Her 
mousy brown triangle of hair was matted with moisture.  She 
crawled into Harriet's lap, flung her hair back out of her 
face, and attempted to mount the hard phallus.

However, Harriet stopped her at the last moment.  "Fifty-
fifty and you ride for free."

"Deal," Heather gasped, as Harriet teased her with the 
wand, but didn't penetrate her.

"Good," Harriet said, finally allowing the blonde to mount 
her wooden cock.  She wrapped her hands around Heather, 
firmly grasped the girl's tight arse and buried the dildo 
to the root.  "Let's fuck on it."

And they did.

******************

After that, things were working out much better for 
Harriet.  She had money.  She had a map of the Frogwart's 
and its surrounding grounds courtesy of Candice.  She had 
her homework being done by a young Redrobe.  

Her only problems were:  She hadn't been caught slipping 
the wand into any of her classmates and gotten thrown out 
of school as a result.  It wasn't for lack of trying 
either.  There had been some close calls, but so far she 
had escaped detection by the teachers.  

And though she had more sex than she would have ever 
imagined - she was still no closer to an orgasm than she 
was since she arrived.

Her last problem had to do with the map of Frogwart's that 
Candice had given her.  She had the map sure, but she 
didn't know how to use it.  Well, she knew how to use a map 
alright, but Frogwart's was big and as impossible as it 
seems, it was even bigger inside than it was on the 
outside.  Too big to search with her limited time.  

But Harriet knew there had to be some way to scientifically 
approach the problem.  Otherwise she could spend weeks 
exploring the massive structure.  Yes, there had to be a 
mundane solution to this very magical problem.

"Hey, how-ya-doin toots?" asked a voice from underneath 
her, a voice that ought not to have been there.  

"Oh shit!" Harriet screamed, jumping up out of her seat and 
landing hard on her bottom.

"Hey, watch the tail . . . watch the tail," warned the 
sleek black cat beneath her chair.

Harriet's heart was beating a mile a minute.  She clutched 
a hand to her chest.  "You scared the bejesus out of me.  
You shouldn't sneak up on people like that."

"Hey, I walk through walls.  How-am-I *not* gonna sneak up 
on people?  Besides, you've been a busy chick.  I haven't 
wanted to interrupt you when you were shall we say 
'occupied'", the cat said, it's whiskers wrinkling up as if 
in a grin.  "Damn girl, you've been getting more pussy than 
I have."

Harriet felt her quim quiver.  It even seemed to respond 
when the cat cussed - a cat that shouldn't be speaking, 
much less cussing and sounding a bit too much like Joe 
Pesci than a anyone should be allowed to.  

"Are you the cat I saw back home?" Harriet asked.  

"Who else would I be?  There some other cat been 
impersonatin' me?" Blackie said.

"No," Harriet said, trying to calm the agitated cat.  "But 
I wanted to be sure.  You never know."

"Yeah, you never know."  The black cat swished his tail 
indignantly then jumped up on the table Harriet was working 
at.  "So, what's cookin'?"

Harriet picked the cat up and unceremoniously put it back 
on the floor.

"Hey!" the cat protested.

"You stay down there.  This is people stuff." Harriet said, 
straightening the map on her desk.  "Jesus!  Shit!" she 
gasped, her chair screeching as she backpedaled, when the 
cat moved through the table and perched back on top of her 
desk.  Yes, that's right, the cat moved through the table 
as if it wasn't even there, perched on top, and studied the 
map.

"Look Toots, I'm your familiar, so you better stop thinking 
of me as a cat.  How many cats you know can talk?  How many 
cats you know can jump through a table?  How many cats you 
know can do this?"

"Do what?" asked the young sorceress.

"Close your eyes.  Close your eyes and picture me in your 
mind."

Harriet did. Amazingly enough, she saw herself sitting 
there with her eyes closed.  It was different though.  It 
seemed more clear - brighter - bigger!  Then the view 
shifted, and she was looking at a black furry paw right in 
front of her face.  She licked it.  It was then she 
realized what had happened.

"Wow!  I can see through your eyes," Harriet said in 
amazement.

"Not bad huh?" said Blackie.

"Not bad *at all*," Harriet said.  "Okay, you can come up 
on the table and see what I'm working on, but don't mess up 
anything.  I'll tell you what I know so far. . ."  The 
young sorceress filled the cat in on what she had seen and 
what she was trying to do to get to the bottom of Paige's 
mysterious death.  She left out the part about getting 
thrown out of school.  The cat didn't need to know about 
that.  ". . . .and maybe now that you're here and can walk 
through walls, together we can solve this mystery."

"Sounds pretty good o' wanded one, but there is a slight 
problem with your plan," the cat seemed to swell in size, 
leapt up, and landed at the edge of the table.  "I've 
already been looking!  Even without a map, I've combed this 
cold dreary school from one side to the other and I haven't 
found a single thing - not one blasted thing.  Then again, 
maybe I have, but I just can't remember it.  What good is 
it going to do to search again, if I forget what I find?"

Harriet scratched the cat behind his ears, and his angry 
demeanor disappeared into a series of purrs.  "You look so 
cute when you get mad," she giggled.

"Hey, stop it you.  I'm a familiar, not a freakin' house 
pet."  

"Listen, Blackie," Harriet said, picking the cat up, and 
holding it in her arms.  "We don't just have to depend on 
your magic.  Using the map, you are going to check out each 
room and the surrounding grounds in a logical manner.  When 
you are done, we mark off the areas you remember visiting.  
If you don't remember an area, then *that* area is the one 
we want.  Get it?  The spell might make it hard to 
remember, but as long as we can still think, we can beat 
this thing."

"But how do we know if I forget?"

"Simple.  You look at the map and pick ten rooms to search.  
You search them, come back here, put your little black paw 
in the ink well and mark the map, if you remember the area.  
The area without a black paw is the one we are looking 
for."

"You're pretty smart for a chick, Hotter . . . now give me 
a good scratch underneath my chin.  Yes- there, right 
there," Blackie purred.

"I can see why they don't let housecat's talk," said 
Harriet.

*****************

Back at the Black robe's hall, there were plans being made 
as well.  Not about matters of life and death, but far more 
important matters. . . the upcoming championship Macrosse 
match in particular. 

It was to be the defending champs, the Black robes, against 
the gray robes.  It was the first time the Gray robes were 
in the championship match in over fifty years.

"The Black robes have won ten years in a row, and I for 
one, don't want this to be the year we are defeated. I 
could handle losing to the whites or even the reds, but the 
grays - it would be an affront and a tremendous 
humiliation."

"Well, they've got a good team.  They've also got the best 
Macrosse player."

"Yeah, that Harriet bitch.  It isn't even fair to play 
against her . . . she doesn't even have magic."

"What are we going to do?" several Blackrobes asked.

"Same thing we always do," said Julia.  "Cheat."

"Lovelle, Harriet sort of trusts you.  Here's what I want 
you to do."  She whispered something in Lovelle's ear and 
then continued to the other Black robes.  "And make sure no 
one tells Candice.  I think she might be a little too close 
to that Hotter whore."

**************

The next few days passed without event.  Blackie continued 
his search of Frogwart's, but as of yet hadn't found 
anything suspicious.  Black paw prints now covered most of 
the first floor of Frogwart's.  

Harriet was doing pretty well in her schoolwork.  She was 
still unable to work the simplest of spells, but she 
performed the motions and incantations well enough to earn 
a passing grade.  Her plan to get thrown out of school had 
been a failure, but she kept trying.

Why just this morning she had taken a young White robe and 
gave her an education in love.  Which in itself was not a 
big thing, only the where and when of it was unusual. . .

************

"Here?" Serena asked with disbelief.

"Here," Harriet replied, a wicked gleam twinkled in her 
eye.

"But this is a classroom," said the nervous blonde.

"What better place for you to get an education."  Harriet 
moved behind the girl and pressed her hard wand between the 
valley of the girl's fleshy bottom.   "And you did pay to 
be educated -- to be taught, didn't you?"

"I can't."  Serena tried to pull away.  This wasn't going 
the way she had planned at all.  She pictured herself being 
romanced in Harriet's room, not being fucked in a classroom 
where someone could come in and catch them in the act.  

Catch her and know she paid to be fucked - fucked by this 
strange girl with no magic, save a mysterious power of 
sexual attraction.  For when she looked in Harriet's eyes, 
she saw an intensity - an intensity of sexual hunger she 
had never seen in anyone's eyes before.  Little did she 
know it was caused by Harriet being in a state of constant 
sexual excitement and yearning, that was never fulfilled.

Harriet held the girl easily, not letting Serena pull away.  
She nuzzled her way beneath her curly blonde hair and 
nibbled an earlobe.  "Yes, you can."

"No please, I can't," Serena begged.  She could feel her 
nipples hardening from the effects of this devious girl's 
attention.  "Look, keep the money.  It's too risky."

 "Are you saying no to your teacher?" Harriet asked, 
tweaking her captive's twin hardened nubs of flesh beneath 
the soft cotton robe.

"No-I mean yes. . ."

Harriet's lips curled in a deviously wicked grin.  She 
worked the white fabric of Serena's robe up until she held 
the hem securely in her hands, then tugged up in a 
surprisingly quick motion.  The reluctant blonde tried to 
stop the forceful disrobing, but this only served to leave 
her far more helpless than if she had been stripped.  

Instead, she found herself with her arms and head trapped 
in the robe, naked from her breasts down.  Harriet held her 
trapped in such a precariously vulnerable position bent 
over the teacher's desk.

"Do you know what happens to naughty girls who disobey 
their teachers?"

"No-no-no!" Serena cried, wiggling her inviting body in 
such lovely contortions.

"That's it - a little louder so someone will hear you and 
come look," Harriet said.

"Oh you wicked monster," the trapped blonde said, her body 
ceased struggling, surrendering to her tormentor.  

"Now tell me what happens to naughty girls."  Harriet 
grinned, stroking the vulnerable plump bottom in front of 
her.

"Oh please no. . ."

"Tell me."

". . . they get spanked."

"That's right.  They get spanked on their naughty bottoms.  
Now ask me nicely for it."

"Oh God," Serena groaned, the muscles of her twin cheeks 
clenching in anticipation.  "Please-please spank me."

"On my naughty bottom," Harriet encouraged.  "Go on say 
it."

"Spank me . . .please . . . on my naughty bottom."  Serena 
blushed inside the prison of her robe.  "There I said it.  
Are you happy?  Ohhh-I hate you, you horrible wicked 
fiend."

"You hate me do you?"  Harriet's fingers pressed against 
Serena's tightly clenched thighs.

Serena burned with humiliation as she felt Harriet's 
fingers wiggle their way through her tight defenses.  'Oh 
God, please no.  Don't let her discover the secrets of my 
secret place.'

But her thoughts were in vain as nimble fingers wrestled 
the truth out of her.

"Is that why your little honeypot is leaking you naughty 
girl?  I think you want your naughty bottom spanked.  I 
think you want it very much."  Harriet withdrew her fingers 
from the wet folds of flesh and groped and pulled at 
Serena's plump globes of flesh.  "And such a lovely bottom 
it is - so plump - so white - so soft - so delightfully 
spankable.  I think we will start off with a nice shade of 
pink."

Harriet gave the soft white moons a few slaps, leaving 
several pink handprints decorating the innocent white 
flesh.

"Ohhh, I wish you could see how your chubby cheeks dance 
for me.  They jiggle and wiggle so delightfully and they 
look so cute now that they have a few of my handprints on 
them. But you know what would be even better.  If they were 
a solid shade of pink all around."

"Oh no please!"

"Oh yes!"  Harriet spanked the squirming girl in earnest, 
starting first from the tops, then working to the insides 
and flanks, before finally settling on the bottom 
cheekswell.  That was the best part, Harriet decided, 
taking delight in the way it made the whole mound of flesh 
press up in a tight mass, before descending back down and 
expanding and returning back to shape.  The sound of 
Serena's pants turned to groans, and finally to soft gasps 
beneath the white robe.

"Mmmmm, that's much better," declared Harriet, casting her 
gaze down at the pink globes Serena's ample arse.  "I've 
evened it out to a nice shade of pink."  She caressed the 
tender bottom with her hand.  It felt warm-almost hot to 
the touch.  "You've always had a hot arse Serena, and now 
it's even hotter," Harriet laughed.  "Speaking of hot, do 
you have the hots for me - the hots for teacher?"

"I don't have anything for you.  I hate you - you fiendish 
monster," came the muffled response from beneath the robe.

"Such a disobedient bottom on an impudent girl.  You'll 
learn to show more respect to your teacher.  Just for that, 
I think we will go for a nice shade of red."

"Wait," Serena cried.  "I'm sorry.  I'm sorry . . . Miss 
Hotter."  She burned with humiliation.  She couldn't 
believe she said such a thing.

"Miss Hotter . . . I think I like the sound of that," 
Harriet said.  "Now, straighten your legs you wicked girl.  
Let me see if you really have the hots for me."

Serena was furious.  Mad with herself for being stupid 
enough to consider paying for sex, mad at that viscous 
Hotter girl for heaping such atrocities on her, but most of 
all she was mad at her body.  Mad because it was betraying 
her lock stock and barrel, selling her down the river that 
ran between her tightly clenched thighs.  Reluctantly, she 
straightened her legs, causing her back to arch and her 
legs to spread in the process.  She was exposed, totally 
laid bare to this depraved fiendish girl.

Harriet ran her fingers through Serena's rapidly blossoming 
sex.  "Yes, I do believe you have the hots for me and you 
look so pretty like this.  It's a shame I can't see my 
favorite student's pretty face.  Do you think you could 
promise to behave if I let you out from under that hot-
stifling robe?"

"Yes, Harriet - YEOW!" Serena yelped, as she was surprised 
by a particularly hard smack to her already tender and very 
warm bottom.

"Miss Hotter," Harriet corrected.

"Yes, Miss Hotter."  

"Good," Harriet said, moving to the other side of the desk 
and trailing her hand up Serena's body as she did so.  
"Raise your hands; I know it must be hot under there."

Serena, thinking that Harriet was going to pull her robe 
back down, raised her arms up.  To her surprise, the robe 
was promptly pulled off and tossed in the corner.

"No!" Serena squealed.  "Give that back!"

"Shhh."  Harriet captured Serena's head between her hands, 
tilted it up and kissed her firmly on the mouth.  As 
Harriet's tongue eagerly explored the young blonde's 
innocent mouth, the distraught girl couldn't help but to 
respond.  Soon she was even kissing her back and sucking at 
Harriet's full lips.

Harriet pulled away, shrugged her shoulders, and her gray 
robe slid down her lean body into a puddle at her feet.  
She was naked, but for her shoes and a pair of bulging 
BVD's.  "You're a very beautiful girl Serena.  Has anyone 
ever told you that?"  Harriet quickly shed her boy's 
underwear, standing naked, her wand only inches from 
Serena's face.

Serena cheeks burned.  She shook her head.  "I've been told 
I was cute or pretty."

"You do have pretty blonde hair," Harriet said, running her 
hands through the girl's hair.  "And you have a cute little 
pixie nose."  She lifted Serena's face by her nose, until 
the blonde's mouth was level with her crotch.  "And a sexy 
mouth.  Would you give me a kiss with your sexy mouth?"

With the wooden phallus mere millimeters from Serena's 
lips, it was clear what Harriet wanted her to do.  Serena 
puckered her lips and kissed bulbous head of the wand.  She 
looked up expectantly with large blue eyes the size of 
saucers.

"Go on," Harriet urged.  "Kiss it."

Serena's face blushed, her lips parted, her cheeks 
hollowed, and the wooden wand slid deep in her mouth.  
Harriet moved it in and out a few times, before pulling it 
free, with a small smacking sound.

"But you want it somewhere else don't you my beautiful 
girl?"

"Yes," Serena breathed, her eyes transfixed now, by the 
glistening wand in front of her face.  

"Well, don't go anywhere my pretty girl; you're going to be 
teacher's pet yet."  Harriet moved behind the girl strewn 
across the teacher's desk, and teased her moist tangle of 
curly hair, before sinking a finger in the pink folds of 
her sex.  "And you *do* want to be teacher's pet don't 
you?"

"Oh God," Serena gasped.  "Yes, ma'am."  At the moment she 
wanted to be teacher's pet very badly indeed.

"Straighten your knees and spread your legs apart.  That's 
it.  Now, arch your back for me pretty pet."  Harriet 
placed the head of the wooden phallus at the hungry mouth 
of Serena's sex.  "Perfect.  Now pay close attention to 
your lesson.  There might be a pop quiz afterwards."

Harriet sunk in to the hilt, drawing a gasp out of the 
helpless blonde.  She proceeded slowly at first, but 
increased in speed and ferocity until her pelvis was 
slapping against the reddened cheeks of Serena's plump 
bottom with every thrust.  Serena moaned loudly and her 
knees buckled from the effects of the fucking she was 
receiving.  Her lips parted and she kissed the wooden desk.

"Legs straight pretty girl.  Don't make me punish you for 
disobeying me."

"Oh God, I can't. . . it feels so good," Serena moaned.

"Do it!" Harriet commanded, punctuating her words with a 
smack to Serena's arse.

The blonde's trembling legs straightened.  Her knees 
resounded with every thrust as she was pounded against the 
desk.  

Harriet possessively groped her impassioned student, and 
reached beneath the girl to find hidden treasure.  At last 
she found it, only a tiny nubbin, but to Serena it felt as 
if her whole body was wrapped in that little pink pearl of 
flesh.  Harriet strummed it, taking the sweaty blonde to 
the heights of passion in an instant.  

"That's it.  Give it to me," Harriet said.  It felt good to 
be in control, but at the same time, Harriet would have 
given every gold coin and even her wooden wand to be the 
one on the table writhing in the throws of orgasm.

"Ugh-ugh-ugh. . ." Serena grunted, as her body tensed, her 
hips pumped, toes curled within her Mary Jane's, and at 
last she collapsed.  It was the best ever - worth every 
shiny gold coin.

"Ugh-God that was awesome," Serena said, struggling to get 
up, but unable to with Harriet's weight on top of her.  
"Here, let me up."

Harriet was feeling a little bit mean and she wanted a bit 
of revenge for not being able to feel the same relief 
Serena had.  "No," she said, pushing Serena back down.  
"It's time for your quiz.  I want to watch you cum again, 
but this time . . . you do the work."

Serena struggled and looked up at the clock with worry.  
Class would be started in less than ten minutes.  "Please 
Harri-I mean Miss Hotter.  This isn't funny. Class will be 
starting soon."

"Tick tock tick tock- the big hand on the clock is not 
gonna stop," Harriet sang.  

"Oh God," Serena muttered.  "I can't believe I'm doing 
this."  She tightly gripped the front of the desk and 
pushed back, impaling herself on Harriet's wand.  Her sex 
was still sore from the fucking she had received, but she 
had no choice but to comply.

Back and forth the young blonde moved, fucking herself, and 
hissing, "Yes-yes-you're gonna make me cum."  She moved 
faster, her body settling into a steady rhythm.  "Oh yeah, 
I'm getting close - ugh-here it comes - here it comes-OH!"  
She was surprised by a hard slap on her ass.

"You think I don't know a fake orgasm from a real one?" 
Harriet chided, clicking her tongue on the roof of her 
mouth.  "You're wasting valuable time.  You must want to 
get caught.  Is that it?  Do you want to get caught?"

Serena cast a worried glance to the door and then up at the 
clock.  'No I don't want to get caught!'  Her hand snuck 
underneath the swell of her belly in search of the pink 
pearl of pleasure.  She didn't want to have to do it, and 
certainly not in these circumstances.  Not when someone 
could walk in at any moment.

"Ohhh-you're going to make me do it, aren't you?"  The 
blushing blonde's fingers began to manipulate the tiny nub 
in small circles.  "Ah- there I'm doing it, are you happy?  
Ugh-ugh-I hate you, you wicked witch."  

Serena's hand sped to a blur.  She bit her lip beneath a 
mass of stringy-sweaty blonde hair.  Her body bucked and 
danced delightfully, as if she were riding a bucking horse.  
She was a giant frenzied need, with only one goal . . . to 
have an orgasm and to have it quickly.

Harriet couldn't resist helping out and began to push 
forward, meeting the blonde stroke for stroke.  She looked 
at the clock and smiled.  It was time for class and Serena 
wasn't going to make it in time.  'And if this doesn't get 
me thrown out of school, nothing will," Harriet thought to 
herself and smiled.

Serena moaned loudly and cried out in ecstasy.  "Huh-Huh-
yes-yes!  Oh God yes!"  She was oblivious to the clock and 
the door handle that was turned, oblivious even to the 
wide-eyed stares of disbelief of the girls in the hall that 
caught them in the act, only caring about the orgasm the 
crashed down on her like a tidal wave.

Heather looked in the classroom with horror.  Harriet was 
fucking a girl on the teacher's desk and Madame Hilda was 
on her way to the door.  A feeling a dread washed over her.  
There wasn't going to be time to do anything.  Goodbye 
Harriet.  Goodbye money.  Goodbye power that came from 
running her little illicit sex business.

Luckily, Candice walked by and thinking fast, took out her 
wand, pointed it at Heather, "Nekidzatz!"

Heather looked down and gasped in anger and shock.  She was 
naked!  She looked back in outrage at the young witch who 
spelled her and caught Candice's wink just in time. 

Smiling, Heather took out her wand and pointed it at the 
girl next to Candice.  "Nekidzatz!"

Now there were two naked witches in the hall.  Candice 
zapped another girl and so did Heather.  Another witch 
joined in on the spelling and then another.  Soon the hall 
was cluttered with melee of naked witches.

While pandemonium broke out in the hall, Heather rushed in 
the classroom and removed the wand from Harriet's crotch.  
With a couple of more zaps of the want, Heather 
disintegrated the two discarded robes on the floor, and 
sighed in relief.

There was a flash of light and what sounded like a loud 
thunderclap.  Madam Hilda stormed into the room like a fury 
- a very naked fury.  "The next person who zaps, gets 
turned into a frog!"

Everyone stopped what they were doing.  There wasn't a 
sound but for the twittering of two girls who were lucky 
enough to be out of Madame Hilda's sight.  "Now everyone 
get in their seats.  Class begins right now!"

"But Madame, we're naked!" exclaimed several young witches 
in dismay.  

"For today's lesson, you can try to spell yourself some 
robes.  Okay, everyone stand up in front of the room.  
Point your wand like so."  She pointed her wand at her 
crotch.  "Clothlitz!"  A pair of panties appeared.  She did 
the same for each breast, a white cup appearing over each 
one.  She turned around holding the cups over her breasts 
and created a strap out of thin air.  She spun the wand in 
a circle in the air; a white gossamer robe appeared and 
fell neatly down her body.

"Okay girls, now it's your turn.  Do it just as I have.  
You can have a seat as soon as you are respectable."

It was funny to Harriet at first as one witch after another 
met with haphazard results from their magic.  One girl 
created a too tight pair of panties.  Another accidentally 
made a crotchless pair.

"Get your mind out of the gutter," Madame Hilda chided the 
blushing girl.

But one after the other the girls started sitting down, 
leaving poor Harriet in the front of the class naked, 
pointing a phallus shaped wand at her more intimate areas 
and nothing happening.

"Please, Madame Hilda, I can't do it," she pleaded.  "I 
don't have magic.  I'm not a witch."

"She's not even trying," said Stella.  "Maybe she needs a 
better incentive."

'Bitch!" Harriet murmured under her breath and gasped at 
the effect it had on her body.

Madame Hilda appraised Harriet a little too closely for the 
young sorceress's comfort.  "Maybe she's right," Madame 
Hilda said.  "Maybe you don't mind being naked."  She 
pointed her wand at Harriet's feet.  "Hotterstitz!"

'Is she making fun of my tits?' Harriet was almost 
outraged, but she didn't have much time to think about it.  
Her feet began to grow warm.  It felt nice at first, 
especially on the cold marble floor, but soon it began to 
grow uncomfortable.  Uncomfortably HOT!

"The counter spell is 'Coldertotz'," Madame Hilda said, 
grinning.  

Harriet danced from one foot to the other.  She shuddered 
to think what a display her wriggling and jiggling must be 
creating for the watching students.

"Oh-hot-hot-hot!"  She pointed her wand at her dancing 
feet.  "Coldertitz!  Coldertitz!  Coldertitz!"

"Coldertotz. . ." Heather whispered.  Harriet would end up 
with nothing more than a pair of freezing nipples with that 
spell.

"Coldertotz!  Colderzeetz!" Harriet continued, but it was 
useless.  Even more so because she couldn't keep her feet 
still enough to zap them if she wanted to.  She sat down on 
the desk and pulled her feet as close to her mouth as she 
could and blew on the burning souls of her feet.  This 
caused her sex to spread, displaying the full lips of her 
labia and nubbin of her clit the class.  The tiny puckered 
hole of her arse was also in view.  She was in too much 
pain to feel the embarrassment.

Unseen to the teacher, several of the student's hands crept 
between their legs and the flame shaped birthmark on 
Harriet's thigh burned dimly.

"Coldertitz!" Harriet pointed and cast with her wand, 
missing her feet by mere inches.

A young red-robe shrieked, her hands clutched tiny-cold 
rock-hard nipples.  Eyes tearing she ran toward the 
infirmary.

"Madame, you're scaring some of the girls." Heather said.

"Bahhhh. . . let them scare," Madame Hilda said, but from 
her expression she thought the better of it, and pointed 
her wand at Harriet's feet.  "Coldertotz."

Harriet gasped as the pain in her feet disappeared. 

"Go and sit down at your desk.  You will stay as you are 
for the rest of the class," Madame Hilda said.

Harriet blushed, burning with humiliation at the thought of 
the show she had given her classmate's.  She closed her 
legs, dried her eyes, and walked shakily back to her seat, 
sat down and refused to look at anything but the top of her 
desk.

"Useless Shruggle," Madame Hilda whispered.

Harriet heard her, but didn't say anything.  Instead she 
thought of all the not so pleasant things she wanted to do 
to Madame Hilda.

To be continued. . . 


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to 
the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all 
rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.




Harriet Hotter and the Sorcerer's Bone Ch.14
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation, fantasy)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

Harriet had learned how to work the system there at 
Frogwarts.  She was making good money, she had a cat that 
was helping her search the castle, and she had obtained a 
map of the Frogwart's to aid in the search. 

Then today, when Lovelle asked Harriet how she was 
adjusting to life at Frogwart's, Harriet said, "Fine, 
except for that b-bi-I mean meanie Hilda."

Lovelle put her hand on Harriet's knee, and it made Harriet 
think about Paige - about her mummified remains. She felt 
like crying.

"Let me know if there's anything I can do," Lovelle said.

The hand on Harriet's knee felt hot and she shifted 
nervously in her seat.  A tiny angel, with blonde hair, a 
diaphanous robe, and a cute little tilted halo appeared on 
Harriet's shoulder.  "Get her to help you search the 
castle.  With one more person helping, you can surely find 
out who's behind these killings."

"Well, you know, there is something you could help me with. 
. ." started Harriet, but at that moment there was a 
'bamph' and hint of sulfur. 

A tiny female devil appeared on Harriet's other shoulder.  
She was naked and shaved down below.  Her forked tail idly 
caressed places it ought not to have caressed.

"Don't listen to her," the devil urged.  "Get the little 
bitch to help you cum."

Harriet gasped at the word bitch.  God, she needed to cum.  
The demoness was right.  

The little angel stomped her feet.  "No," she said.  "Don't 
listen to her.  That's being selfish, and nothing good will 
ever come of it."

"But you'll cum from it.  And your pussy wants to cum.  It 
wants to cum *so bad*, doesn't it?"  The tiny demoness 
licked Harriet's earlobe.

'I'm going mad,' Harriet thought, shaking her head to clear 
the hallucinations.  'I'm so turned on, I'm seeing things.  
I need to cum - I need it so bad and who's it going to hurt 
anyway?  Besides, I've earned it.'

"I haven't told anyone about this," Harriet continued.  
"But I haven't been able to cum the whole time I've been at 
Frogwart's.  I don't know if it's some kind of spell or 
maybe it's guilt.  Can you see if there is some sort of 
magical remedy?"

"It would be my pleasure," Lovelle smiled, her eyes 
twinkling.  "I think I know just the thing."

***********

Back in her room, Harriet looked at the map of Frogwart's.  
Blackie had made good time in inspecting the castle, but as 
yet hadn't discovered anything suspicious.  Harriet found 
that the trouble with cats, even those that could walk 
through walls, was that they were easily distracted and 
Blackie was no exception.  Harriet wanted him to search in 
an orderly manner, but he kept missing things, and 
searching in a haphazard manner.  Harriet didn't know if it 
was due to a spell or if by chance Blackie decided to take 
a nap on a cozy chair along the way.

The dark-haired witch took out a marker and circled the 
outside garden, the infirmary, and the pantry.  She hoped 
Blackie would see the circles and investigate.  Harriet 
closed her eyes and thought of Blackie.  In her mind she 
saw him in the kitchen, stealing a bit of leftover chicken.  
"And investigate does not mean stopping in the kitchen for 
a light snack," she muttered under her breath.

Well, there was no help for it, she had other 
responsibilities today.  It was the final training session 
before the championship Macrosse match tomorrow.  Harriet 
picked up her gear and made her way to the field.

Even Heather showed up for practice.  The other girls 
looked at her dubiously, as if to say, sure, she shows up 
for the championship.  They made it a point not to pass it 
to her.  All except for Harriet.

Harriet threw her stick down in frustration.  "Listen 
girls, anyone on the team who thinks we aren't going to 
need everything we've got, might as well throw your stick 
down along with mine.  I mean, why even show up?  Let's 
just forfeit to the blackrobes right now."

Harriet waited, but no one else threw their stick down.  
She picked hers up.  "Okay, let's play and win . . . as a 
team!"

The girls cheered and began to practice in earnest.  From 
the way they practiced, you would have thought they were 
playing the championship match that day.  By the end of 
practice, they were tired and dirty, but they were as ready 
as they would ever be for the championship match.

After practice, Heather caught up with Harriet and pulled 
along side of her as she walked back to the school.  

"Look Harriet," Heather said.  "Thanks for that back 
there."

"Don't thank me."  Harriet gave her roommate a little push.  
"We need you.  If you want to thank me, help us win."

"Don't worry, I will," said Heather.  "By the way, you're 
off duty tonight.  No extra-curricular activities."

Harriet discovered she was a little disappointed in the 
news.  As much as she hated the thought of being some sort 
of surrogate male prostitute, it was kind of fun getting a 
chance to play someone else for awhile.  Someone who wasn't 
scared and shy -- someone adventurous.

"I really don't mind," said Harriet.

"No, you're off and that's final," said Heather.  "Besides, 
the girls would kill me if they found out."

"Oh, alright, I guess I need to save my energy for the 
game."  It was strange.  Harriet felt like she was teaming 
with energy.  Her bones ached and her cunt ached too, but 
it was a different kind of ache - more of a need.  

Harriet trembled.  She didn't even want to think about her 
frustrated sex.  Even the practice did little to tire her 
or relieve the aching need that possessed her.  

'God, I've just got to find Lovelle.  I need relief and I 
need it now' Harriet thought to herself. 

She didn't have long to wait.  Lovelle was patiently 
waiting on the steps, pretending to read a book.  Harriet 
caught her eye then turned to Heather.

"Listen Heather, I've got some homework to finish up.  I'll 
see you later okay?"

"Okay," Heather said, lifting her stick in a mock salute, 
before departing.   "Don't study too hard.  The match is 
the most important thing right now.  Even the teachers know 
that."

'There's a lot more important things than Macrosse,' 
Harriet thought.  'I would throw the match for a good cum.'

Harriet watched until Heather was safely out of sight.  "I 
really can't be seen with you right now," she whispered to 
Lovelle.

"It's okay," Lovell said, as she got up from the steps.  
"Follow me.  I have something for your little problem."

Harriet's pulse quickened and she felt a thrill of pleasure 
in her almost permanently aroused sex.  She followed 
Lovelle obediently, wishing the whole time the girl would 
walk faster.  She needed a cure.  She needed to cum.

Lovelle led her into a room containing dusty old magic 
supplies.  Once there, she reached beneath her robe and 
pulled out a small container.  "Ta-dahhh!  The answer to 
your problems."

Lovelle was wrong, needing to cum was Harriet's only 
problem.  She had other problems as well, like how curse 
words turned her on, how girls were dying and disappearing 
and no one seemed to notice, and how she missed her cousin 
Chloe more than just about anything in the world.  Well, 
one thing at a time.  Harriet squeezed her thighs together 
in anticipation of a much needed relief to her constant 
state of arousal.  

Lovelle unscrewed the lid and Harriet looked inside, 
expecting to see something very magical, but only seeing a 
greenish-purple salve.

"Please-please-please say I don't have to eat it," Harriet 
said, wincing at what appeared to be the grossest snot wad 
she had ever seen.

"You don't have to eat it," Lovelle said, as she put on a 
pair of latex gloves, and scooped up a dollop of salve.  
"Strip 'em off, we've got to get this on you."

Harriet stripped off her shirt, her bare nipples crinkled 
in the cold damp room.  She stepped out of her short 
pleated skirt and looked skeptically at the latex gloves.  
"Are you sure about this?"

"Trust me," Lovelle said, smiling sincerely.

Harriet pulled down her briefs, leaving her clad only in 
her grass stained knee socks and cleats. At this point, 
anything would be better than the continuous state of 
frustrating excitement.  

"Why don't you hop up on the table?" asked Lovelle, but it 
came out more like an order.

Harriet climbed up on the table.  She shivered as Lovelle 
took a dollop of the yucky looking slime and began to coat 
her nipples.

"Let's start with these perky little nips." Lovelle 
massaged the salve into Harriet's contracted nipples.

There was something in Lovelle's tone that was almost 
mocking and there was also the matter of how careful the 
young witch was being to keep the salve off her own body 
that made Harriet suspicious.  The tingling sensation told 
her something magical was going on, but she didn't quite 
like the feeling of helplessness and dependence that was 
threatening to overwhelm her.

"Ah-hah," Harriet groaned from the erotic ministrations.  
"Let's stop here for right now and make sure there aren't 
like any side-effects or anything."

Lovelle couldn't afford to stop now.  The other black robes 
were depending on her to finish the job to carryout their 
plan.  She knew Harriet was physically stronger than she 
was, but she also had one more trick up her sleeve - she 
knew of Harriet's weakness for curse words.

"Are you sure you don't want me to put some on your cunt?" 
Lovelle asked.  

"Ah!" Harriet gasped in pleasure as a wave of sexual 
pleasure stabbed through her sex.  "Don't curse . . 
.please.  Oh Gawd.  Let's just stop okay?  Just stop."

"But your naughty little slut cunt needs the gross green 
magical snot, doesn't it?  It looks so hungry.  A hungry 
little pussy mouth that needs to be finger-fucked.  Mmmmmm- 
doesn't it?"

"Please stop," Harriet begged, but already her body was 
betraying her.  She propped her cleats on the edge of the 
table and spread her legs wide.  This caused her ripe sex 
to be pushed up and out, her moist nether lips spreading, 
baring her pink insides. 

Lovelle remembered they said to just use a little of the 
salve, but she had already scooped up a large amount of the 
gross looking slime which stuck to her gloved fingers a 
trailing all the way back to the container.  There wasn't 
anything convenient to wipe her hand on . . . except for 
Harriet's hungry sex.

"God, it looks disgusting, doesn't it, Harriet?  Can you 
guess where I'm going to put the nasty green slime?" 
Lovelle asked in a sing-song voice.  It was turning her on, 
dominating the head of the Gray robes team in such a 
manner, but she couldn't afford to let herself get carried 
away.  She had a job to do.  Besides, she might 
accidentally get some of the magic salve on her.

"Inside me. . ." Harriet gasped.

"Inside of what?" 

"My-my-p-p-p," Harriet couldn't finish.  She had descended 
down in the abyss, somewhere in the depths of frustration 
and unfulfilled pleasure.

"Your pussy," Lovelle finished, sinking her slime-coated 
fingers into Harriet's hungry sex.  "Your hot wet pussy."  

"Oh my God," Harriet moaned, flexing her hips, attempting 
to hump back against the young black robe's fingers.  There 
was a tingling in her sex, a tingling that somehow 
increased her sensitivity.  Somehow, it felt like her sex 
was swelling.

Lovelle scooped up some more of the green slime and took 
Harriet's swollen clit between her latex glove-covered 
fingers and began to tug on the tiny nubbin of flesh.

"Gah!" Harriet gasped, lifting her bare ass off the table.  
It was so much pleasure, yet the sensations were was almost 
painful in their intensity.

"You like it?" Lovelle asked. "You like me jerking your big 
fat clit, don't you?"

Yes, Harriet loved it.  She needed to get off.  She needed 
sex - a good long fucking followed by an orgasm.  She 
reached forward to grab Lovelle, to pull her close, but 
Lovelle pushed Harriet's fingers away.  She needed to stay 
in control and finish her job.

"Answer me," Lovelle demanded.

"Yes," Harriet groaned.  "Yes, I like it.  Oh God, I-I love 
it."

"Mmmmmm- I bet you wish it was bigger, don't you?  Then I 
could really tug it," Lovell urged.  "Tell me.  Tell me you 
wish it was bigger."

"Oh God.  I wish it was bigger.  I wish my clit was 
bigger." Harriet stammered and the tingling in Harriet's 
sex grew.    

"Ha-ha," Lovelle laughed.  She had done everything her 
fellow blackrobes had asked.  Even better, she had tricked 
Harriet into uttering the incantation.  "Gotta run sweetie.  
Have fun!"

"Wait!" Harriet said.  She was so close - closer than she 
had been since she arrived at Frogwarts, but Lovelle was 
already pulling off the gloves and preparing to leave.  
"When will I be able to . . . you know . . . cum?"

From what Lovelle had been told, Harriet should be cumming 
almost continually for twenty four hours starting tonight.  
Long enough to immobilize the poor girl for tomorrow's 
Marcrosse match, but she didn't tell Harriet that.  

"Tonight," Lovelle said, as she ducked out of the small 
room, leaving Harriet horny and frustrated, dripping her 
moist secretions on the cold dusty desktop.

"Tonight-tonight-tonight-tonight," Harriet repeated to 
herself, as she dipped a finger in her blossoming sex, and 
massaging a wet fingertip on her hard nubbin of flesh.  
"Tonight is a long way off."

It was only three hours away to be exact, but to Harriet it 
was an eternity.

*************

After a cold shower, Harriet went back to her room and 
tried to study, but she couldn't get her mind of the 
tingling of her sex.  She took out the map of Frogwart's 
and tried to look for places that looked suspicious, but 
again, her mind kept drifting back to her salivating sex.

Later, Heather extinguished the lights in the room.  "Let's 
go to bed early tonight.  I want you rested for the game."

'At last,' Harriet thought, as her hand delved down to her 
sex.  'It's time.'  She began to rub her wet sex, eager for 
her long awaited release.  But, even as she did so, she 
couldn't get the image of her roommate out of her mind.  
Her blonde hair.  The way her full breasts shifted beneath 
the cotton shift she was wearing that night.  The way she 
smelled after a shower.  Harriet realized she didn't want 
to have the orgasm alone.  She wanted to share it.  She 
needed to share it.  Even if it was with her bitchy 
roommate.

Harriet slipped out of her bed, padded barefoot over the 
cold stone floor, and crawled into bed with Heather.  She 
straddled the sleeping girl's form, found her lips in the 
dark, and kissed her.  Heather was passive at first, and 
then subtly, she began to return the kiss, until she gave a 
sharp intake of breath at the realization of what was 
happening.

Heather pulled her lips away.  "What are you doing?" she 
asked in an irritated tone.

"I'm horny," Harriet said, once again trying to kiss her 
roommate.  

Heather struggled to push her roommate away, but she soon 
found she was helplessly trapped beneath her bed sheets. 
"We can't," she protested.  "The game.  It's tomorrow."

"I know another game we could play," Harriet said, kissing 
Heather's neck and then nibbling on her earlobe.

"No," Heather grunted.  "I promised the other girls."

"What the other girls don't know, won't hurt them.  
Besides."  Harriet reached into the nightstand, felt around 
until her hand came into contact with some of the gold she 
had collected, and then put the cold coins to Heather's 
lips.

"What's this?" asked Heather.

"Gold."

"What for?" Heather asked uncertainly.

"Tonight," Harriet said, as she peeled the bed sheets away. 
"You are going to be my whore - ahhh!"

"No, I'm not -- we shouldn't - I can't - Oh God what's tha-
umpff. . ." Heather's protests were smothered by Harriet's 
hungry mouth, but the question remained.  What was that she 
felt between Harriet's legs?  She was certain Harriet 
wasn't wearing her wand.  She had taken it off herself.  
Besides, the wand was cold and hard, but whatever was 
pressing against her sex was warm and flesh-like.  

Harriet's mind was a haze of arousal.  She could barely 
think due to the sensations she was feeling.  Her thoughts 
were a blur.  What's that?  Shouldn't be so big.  What's 
wrong with me?  Oh God, feels so good.  She's wet - and 
tight.  Oh my!"

If Harriet had been thinking more clearly, she would have 
remembered the salve Lovelle had put on her that afternoon.  
But, as it was, the only thing on her mind was that, *this* 
time, she could actually feel it as she penetrated her 
roommate.

"Oh God, you're tight, my little whore," Harriet panted, 
before kissing Heather deeply.  "So wet and tight."

Heather didn't like being called a whore.  After all, it 
was Harriet who was her whore, not the other way around.  
She needed to get control of the situation, but the feel of 
Harriet's strong lithe body thrusting against her own made 
her feel so weak - so yielding.  And whatever it was she 
felt in her sex, so hot and lifelike, she wanted more. . 
.she wanted a lot more.  She surrendered to the submissive 
feelings and wrapped her legs around Harriet's hips, and 
pulled the young brunette tight.

Heather's small single bed protested loudly under the 
weight of the girls' straining bodies.  Towards the end, 
Heather gasped, her chest heaved, out of breath from the 
constant onslaught of orgasms her roommate had induced.  As 
for poor Harriet, the salve had made her much more 
sensitive to pleasure.  Her nipples stuck out from her 
chest like small pinky fingers.  The lips of her sex were 
swollen and her formerly tiny pearl had blossomed into a 
four-inch appendage.  If not for the earlier spell, Harriet 
would have joined Heather again and again in blissful 
release.  Instead, she was overcome with an ever growing 
feeling of frustration.

"You're my whore aren't you?" asked Harriet.

"Yes - yes," panted Heather.  "Oh God yes."

"And you're going to give me good value for my gold?"

"Yes- yes," Heather repeated, oblivious to the questions 
being asked.

"Then eat me," Harriet barked, as she extricated herself 
from her roommate's grasp and planted her crotch atop the 
blonde girl's pouting lips.

Heather struggled futilely against her much stronger 
roommate.  This wasn't what she wanted at all.  Heather 
really didn't consider herself gay or even bisexual.  The 
whole time Harriet had made love to her, she imagined 
herself being taken despite her protests by a young dark-
haired suitor.   But there enveloped beneath Harriet's 
swollen and musky sex, it was impossible to imagine herself 
doing anything other than what she was doing . . . making 
love to another girl.

Heather reluctantly opened her mouth. She didn't have much 
choice as Harriet had her by the hair and rudely ground 
against her.  'Disgusting,' she thought, she felt she was 
going to drown in the dark-haired witch's musky secretions.  

Then Heather's mouth came into contact with something hard.  
"Oh!" she exclaimed, her hungry lips parting and swallowing 
Harriet's enlarged clit.  The present became a murky haze 
as once again her fantasies overwhelmed her.  Once again 
she was with her dark haired suitor, a slender prince come 
to sweep her off her feet.

"Ugh," Harriet groaned, running her hands down Heather's 
back and grabbing each of the girl's tender mounds of 
bottom flesh.  "You like that don't you?  On your knees 
sucking, trying to make a buck. . ."

Heather shook her head frantically, as she moaned from 
around the tender shaft of flesh. Her fantasy had taken a 
turn for the worse.  Instead of a prince, it was a dirty 
soldier and she was on her knees in a dark alley, blowing 
him.  Worse, she imagined that Harriet was watching them 
both, masturbating herself beneath her black robe.

The dream Harriet shrugged and her black robe fell from her 
shoulders.  She looked older and a white streak stained her 
dark hair.  Her body was fuller, more beautiful.  On her 
pelvis, her flame-shaped beauty mark shown in the 
moonlight, but what caught Heather's eyes was the cock 
which swung from Harriet's crotch.  It was large, thick as 
a wrist, with full balls hanging from her sack.  It 
radiated evil, yet it sent an irresistible shiver of 
pleasure through Heather's sex.  

In the dream Harriet smiled snidely and looked down 
condescendingly at Heather.  "White robe slut, I'm going to 
fuck the life out of you and suck you dry.  Ha-hah, as I 
recall, you liked it up the arse.  I wonder if you'll still 
feel that way afterwards."

Heather knew it meant her death.  She wanted to plead for 
her life.  Instead, her arms reached back and opened the 
cheeks of her bottom, even as her mind screamed.  "Fuck me.  
Fuck me anyway you want me.  Take me.  Take my arse."

"You want me to take your arse?" Harriet asked in 
disbelief, taking a wet finger and slipping it into 
Heather's rosebud.  

"What - ugh - oh!" Heather gasped.  What had happened?  
Where had she been?  The images from her fantasy had seemed 
so real.  Her knees still hurt from the cobblestone alley. 
She had no time to ponder such thoughts, the finger in her 
tight rear hole was relentless and the feeling was 
delicious.  The finger was withdrawn and she felt something 
larger pressing against her tight grommet.  

"Oh-oh-oh-oh-my!" Heather squealed as Harriet drove it 
home. 

"God Heather," Harriet gasped.  "You are one hot girl.  And 
you have a wonderfully tight arse."

"Oh Harriet - oh Harriet," Heather whined.  "Hie-hie-oh-
hie-I love it.  I love it.  I love you, hie-hie-give it to 
me.  Fuck my arse. Fuck me all night long."

To be continued. . .  


*************



 

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to 
the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all 
rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.





Harriet Hotter Ch. 15
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********


"What the fuck's going on here?" It was Betsy, a 
fellow member of the gray robe's Macrosse team.

But was obvious what was going on.  "Please . . . ugh. 
. . please," Heather panted.  She was on the bed, her 
ankles on either side of her pretty blonde-haired 
head.  The girl holding them there was covered by a 
sheen of sweat.  Beneath her mass curly dark sweat 
drenched hair, her face was screwed up in anguish.  
Her eyes danced.  Her pelvis slapped loudly against 
the blonde girl's mound.  She was so *close*.

The girl was Harriet.

"No more," Heather grunted.  "Ugh, please no more.  
Someone please.  Just get her off of me."

Betsy tried, but she wasn't able to do it alone.  It 
took three gray robes to finally pull Harriet off her 
roommate.

"No, I'm too close," Harriet begged.  "Just one more 
minute."

"We trusted you."  Betsy shot Heather a withering 
glare.  "And you blew it.   You just had to screw 
around with her didn't you?"

"It wasn't me," Heather retorted.  "I swear.  Those 
black robes must have hexed her somehow.  Look at it, 
the size of her. . ."

Betsy blushed, yes she had seen it.  How could she 
not?  Harriet's nipples were swollen and enlarged, but 
that wasn't what she was thinking about.  No, she was 
thinking about the other . . .down below.  It was so 
large and it really couldn't be called a clit anymore, 
it was more like a cock.  It might be fun to - no, 
Betsy shook her head to clear away the dirty thoughts.  
They had a game to win.

"Can she still play?" Betsy asked, looking doubtful.

"I don't even know how she has the strength to walk 
after what she did to me last night," Heather replied, 
while using her wand to heal her aching sex and arse.  
She glanced over and saw that Harriet was practically 
molesting one of the girls holding her.  "Get her in 
the shower . . . a *cold* one!"

***********

Later, after her team mates had gotten the story from 
Harriet about what had caused the swelling in her more 
intimate regions, the girls set about trying to find a 
cure.  The more academically inclined girls tried 
their spell-books, while the more magically inclined 
took a more direct approach.  Neither was going well.

Harriet sat naked on the bed with her legs spread 
wide.  Her sex glistened in the morning light.  Her 
enlarged clit pulsed with a life of its own.  Seven 
other gray-robed classmates crowded around her.

"My turn - my turn," the red haired junior witch said, 
tracing the rune with her wand and pointing it at 
Harriet's sex.  "Microrentee!" 

"That feel any better?" asked Betsy.

"Ewwww yeah," Harriet groaned through her pouting 
lips.  Her fingers delved down and frigged her wet sex 
before moving up to stroke up and down her enlarged 
clit.  "Zap me.  Oh baby, zap me again, mmmmm. . ."

"Nothings happening.  If anything, it might be 
bigger," said Betsy.  

"Let me try.  I have an idea," Sedella blurted.  Her 
face obviously flushed in arousal as she pointed her 
wand at Harriet's sex.  Unfortunately her wand came 
within Harriet's reach.  She grabbed it and pushed the 
tip into her sex, moved it in and out, fucking herself 
with it.  

"That's it Sedella," Harriet moaned.  "Give it to me.  
Zap me good.  Come on . . . I want to feel you do it 
inside me."

Sedella looked questioningly at Heather, who just 
shrugged her shoulders and raised her eyebrows.  "What 
spell were you planning to do?"

"It's ahh . . ." Sedella's gaze kept glancing down at 
Harriet's very wet sex and engorged clit.  Watching as 
Harriet fucked herself on the slim wooden wand.   
"Ahhh- it's a numbing spell."

"You heard the girl," Heather said.  "Give it to her."

"Let go of my wand so I can trace the rune Harriet," 
Sedella said, but was totally ignored by Harriet, who 
seemed to be trying to perform some magic of her own.  
A trick called, making the wand disappear.  

"I said, *let go*!" Sedella had to pry Harriet's 
fingers off the wand.

"Okeedoekee," Harriet giggled.  She was far too horny 
to be a very good patient.  She propped one foot on 
Sedella's shoulder and the other slid into the girl's 
robe.  "But give it to me.  Give it to me good."

Sedella's brow furrowed in concentration as she 
attempted the spell.  It was hard forming the rune 
with the wand buried in Harriet's juicy sex as it was, 
but Sedella did her best.  She tried to remember the 
words to the spell, but couldn't.  Instead her 
concentration was shattered as Harriet worked her 
dexterous toes beneath Sedella's robe and tweaked the 
young witch's nipple.  

"Somebody hold her legs," Sedella said, her whining 
voice dripping exasperation and arousal.  "I can't . . 
. I can't concentrate with the things she's ah-  doing 
with her toes."

Finally Harriet's legs were secured by the other 
grayrobes.

 "Okay, here goes . . ." Sedella began.

"No don't!"  Candice yelled from the door.  

Sedella never got the spell off.  She was too busy 
helping the other gray-robes relieve Candice of her 
wand and unceremoniously dump the small blackrobe in 
front of Harriet wide-spread legs.

"Hey Cutie-Candy," said Harriet.

"Harriet, I came just as soon as I heard."  Candice 
said, still breathing hard from running non-stop from 
the black-robe's hall.

"What did you bitches do to Harriet," Betsy demanded, 
jabbing Candice in the back with her wand.

"*I* didn't do anything."  Candice pleaded.  Then to 
Harriet.  "You've got to believe me Harriet.  I never 
knew.  I swear."  

"I believe you Cutie-Candy," Harriet said deliriously.  
"But right now . . . the most important thing is . . . 
I need to cum.  And I need to come really really bad.  
If I don't cum soon. . . .I think I'm going to be as 
crazy as a hatter.  A hotter hatter hee-hee!"

Heather took out her wand and placed it directly 
between Candice's eyes.  Her voice was as cold as 
steel.  "You better hope to God you can spell her 
back."

"I brought the antidote," Candice said, reaching into 
her satchel and pulling out the jar of goo that 
Lovelle had used on Harriet.  "Oh God, I'm going to be 
in so much trouble if the other girls find out."

"Sex juice!" Betsy exclaimed.  "That stuff's illegal."

"You think?" Candice asked sarcastically.  "Anyway, it 
isn't *just* sex juice.  This stuff's been hexed up so 
that the more magic use to undo it, the worse the 
effects."

"So, instead of helping. . ." Sedella began.  

"You were just making it worse," finished Candice.

"But worse feels so good.  Mmmmm. . ." Harriet moaned 
as she tugged her enlarged clitoris between two 
fingers.  "I just need to cum.  Just once.  Oh, just 
one time and I'll won't ask for anything else ever 
again.  Oh-please-please-please, I've been a good girl 
girl this year Santa."

"You haven't climaxed?" Candice asked in disbelief.  
That wasn't what should be happening after being 
exposed to sexjuice.

"Not even once sweet Candy," Harriet giggled 
hysterically.  "I need to get home to Chloe.  You see, 
I'm being punished - punished for cheating on Chloe."

"Something's wrong," Candice told the other girls.  
"She should be climaxing uncontrollably or maybe she's 
delirious with sex juice fever.  Well, the only thing 
I know to do, is try to reverse the hex."

Candice opened the jar and cast a spell on the 
contents, "Reversie!" before taking out a dollop.  
"Well, here goes nothing."

But, Heather stopped the young witch before she could 
touch Harriet.  "Wait just a minute.  How do we know 
we can trust you, black robe?" she said, arching an 
eyebrow.

Candice looked around at the gray-robe witches 
gathered around her.  She was clearly outnumbered and 
she really didn't blame the girls for not trusting 
her.  Not after what her fellow black-robes had done.  
She blushed a deep crimson when she realized what she 
had to do.  Her slimy green fingers snuck beneath her 
robe and she gave a slight gasp as they slid along the 
grove of her sex.

"It's safe," said Betsy.

Heather grinned slyly.  "But, how do we *really* know 
she's doing anything?  She might just be pretending."

"Oh!" Candice gave a start as her black robe was 
stripped off by the two gray-robes behind her.  She 
looked around in disbelief at the stern stares of the 
gray-robed witches around her.  Surely they couldn't 
possible think. . .

"Do it," Betsy ordered.

 "But-but," Candice stammered.  This wasn't going as 
she had planned.  Not even close.  With trembling 
fingers she doled out another dollop of goo.  Her hand 
returned to her sex, and with thighs pressed tightly 
together in a vain attempt to preserve her modesty, 
she rubbed her fingers along her rapidly blossoming 
sex.

"Inside too," ordered Heather, pushing the young black 
robe's thighs apart with her wand.

Blushing furiously, Candice gave a grunt at the 
initial penetration.  The goo was cold, but God she 
felt so hot.  She was sweating under the stern glares 
of the surrounding gray robes.  Harriet lay in front 
of her, naked, sexy legs spread wide, clit standing 
erect, almost beckoning her.  Candice's eyes rolled 
back into her head in pleasure.  Oh God, what would 
these girls think of her?  She bit her lip to suppress 
her moan.

"Are you satisfied now?" Betsy asked Heather.  She 
acted like she was all business, but Heather could see 
the flush of her cheeks.

"No yet," Heather said.  "I want to see inside.  Make 
sure she's not swelling."

"Good idea," said Sedella, crowding in close.

"Girls, we've got a game. . ." Betsy urged, but her 
protests stilled immediately as Candice spread 
herself, baring the insides of her green gooey sex.  

"Your clit too," Heather ordered.  

Poor Candice had no resistance left.  With one hand 
stretching her nether lips, she pulled up with the 
other beckoning forth her pink pearl.  

"Pull on it," Harriet breathed, causing everyone to 
turn and look at their forgotten team leader.  "Let's 
see if it's growing."

"Please," Candice's voice trembled.  "Oh- oh - God," 
she groaned as she tugged on her tiny nubbin of 
pleasure.  

"I think it's growing," Sedella said in a hushed 
voice, from her kneeling position, her head only a 
short distance from Candice's crotch.

"No-I'm just - I'm just Oh God- Oh shit - ugh. . ." 
Candice's body bucked as a small orgasm ran though 
her.  Did the fool girl not understand that what was 
happening had nothing to do with the green goo, but 
everything to do with having to touch herself in front 
of an audience?  Worse, doing kneeling in front of 
Harriet's long lean legs and large throbbing clit.

"A black robed perv," Heather finished for her.

"Shut up Heather," said Harriet.  To Candice:  "It's 
okay Candy.  I trust you.  Do me now baby.  Do me real 
good."

"Here," Sedella volunteered, reaching for the 
container of goo.  "I'll do it."
  
"No you won't either," Candice held it fast. She was a 
little weak from her orgasm, but she held her ground. 
"I'm the one who brought it."  Her slimy finger 
reached for Harriet's enlarged clit.  At last she 
could touch it!  

She was timid at first.  It was unnatural in 
appearance.  Harriet's wooden wand had been one thing, 
but this, this was something of an entirely different 
sort.  A tiny pearl that was no longer a tiny pearl, 
but instead had transformed into a four inch 
cocklette.  The flesh of it was pink and silky smooth, 
yet it was firm enough to hold its elongated shape.  

Candice grew more confident and pumped her fingers up 
and down along its length.

"Oh Candy!" Harriet gasped.  "Oh baby, that's it.  Oh-
oh!"  She gasped even louder as she felt herself 
penetrated with two other fingers.

The other gray robes stared in rapt attention.  The 
sight and sounds of Harriet getting masturbated by the 
young black robe had dampened every last panty in the 
room.  A few daring girls attempted to slide a hidden 
hand beneath their robes.

'No way, I'm letting her have all the fun,' Sedella 
thought, as she took a dollop of the green slime and 
proceeded to rub it into Harriet's elongated nipples.

"Ugh-Oh God. . ." Harriet groaned, her body squirming 
involuntarily under the girl's administrations.  Her 
long legs spread wide as she planted her feet on the 
bed and thrust her pelvis into the air.  "Oh *fuck* 
give it to me, Candy.  Give it to me!"  The sensations 
and the stab of pleasure from the profane word set her 
body on fire with lust.  

Another hand joined in, followed by two more.  Soon 
Harriet was being poked, stroked and prodded.  "Fuck-
fuck-oh fuck.  Oh everyone!  Everyone fuck me!  
Someone ugh - I don't care who.  Someone shove your 
finger in my arse," Harriet begged, oblivious to 
smoking stares from her fellow gray robes.  As her 
rear was penetrated, Harriet grabbed a spare slime 
coated hand, and proceeded to suck on the fingers to 
quite her desperate moans.  She rode the wave of 
pleasure to the brink.  It crested so high, she was 
afraid of what would happen when it inevitably crashed 
down.

Yet somehow, inexplicably, it never did.  She wanted 
to cry . . . realizing that tears coated her slimy 
cheeks.  She wanted to rage.  She wanted to fuck every 
girl in the room, to punish them for her lack of 
climax.  She grabbed a fistful of Candy's hair.  She 
would turn her around and fuck her.  She would suck 
her dry.  

***********

Suddenly, Harriet was no longer in the dormroom.  She 
was outside in a garden of sorts, but he flowers were 
all dead.  There was a girl in front of her, but the 
girl was naked, bent over at the waist, and firmly 
secured in stocks.  Her plaintive pleas for mercy were 
smothered by the gag stretching her mouth.  Her pale 
chill bump covered body shivered in the cold morning 
air.  Angry welts criss-crossed her naked back and 
arse.

"Little cunt," Harriet spat.  "You know you want it.  
Your dirty hole cries for it."  She captured the 
girl's dripping nectar on a finger and teased her clit 
and arse with it, careful not to risk the girl's 
virginity.  No, whatever happened, that must never be 
risked.  

A quick flick of her wrist brought the leather strap 
down on the girl's back, leaving a terrible mark.  
"Wicked cunt," she spat.  "You're all the same.  You 
tempt me now, but I will wait.  I can resist your 
worthless meat.  But never fear, your time draws near 
and I'll bleed you soon enough.  Now spread your legs 
dog, I must prime the pump."

"Ghnooo," the girl cried from around her gag.  

The leather strap descended five more times, the last 
strike drawing blood, before the girl reluctantly 
spread her legs.  

"Slut," Harriet's voice dripped with hate.  "You're 
all the same.  Spreading your legs for whoever comes 
along.  Well . . .  here's your reward."  Harriet's 
old gnarled fingers shoved a thorny black wand capped 
with a crystal ball against the girl's mons.  The poor 
young girl convulsed as if being shocked.  

"Guhhhhhh," she groaned.  Moisture dripped from her 
sex into a puddle on the ground.

"That's it cunt," Harriet spat.  "Enjoy it while you 
can. . ."

************

Harriet opened her eyes with a start.  Thank God, she 
was back in familiar surroundings.  Even though she 
knew it was just a daydream - a bizarre fantasy of som 
e sort induced by her sexual delirium, she could 
almost feel the girl's pain.  Worse, the hate she felt 
from herself made her feel suddenly cold and dirty.  
Not, naughty dirty.  It was as if her soul had been 
stained.  And even though she didn't experience an 
orgasm, her thirst for sex had been quenched by the 
evil she had felt.  All she wanted now was a shower.  

"Let me up," Harriet said, pushing the girls away.  "I 
need a shower."

"Wait," Heather said to Candice.  "Are you finished?"

 Candice looked up from between Harriet's thighs at 
her enlarged clit.  She yearned to wrap her lips 
around it again.  "I guess," she replied.

"It doesn't look any smaller," said Heather.

"Looks friggin' huge," breathed Sedella.  

"I'm pretty sure I did the spell right," Candice said, 
looking at the other girls for support; instead 
finding angry accusing eyes.  "I-I'm sure of it.  R-r-
really."  To Harriet:  "How long did it take to get 
this big?"

"A few hours."  Harriet was already pulling free and 
on her way to the shower, oblivious to her state of 
nakedness.

"Then it should only be a few hours till she's back to 
normal," said Candice.

"We don't have a few hours," said Betsy.  "The match 
begins in less than an hour."

The gray-robes looked at one another as Harriet left.  
"We're screwed," they said in unison.

***********

Harriet took a long shower, but the water failed to 
wash away the soiled and dirty feeling she had.  
'Well, at least the damn golems are silent,' she 
thought.  Thankful she didn't have to listen to their 
jibes as she looked at herself in the mirror.  Her 
mons and labia were still swollen, but that wasn't 
what drew the eye.  Neither were her long and puffy 
nipples.  No, it was her clit behaved like some sort 
of eye magnet.  It looked like nothing that should 
ever be found on a girl.

Harriet's ruminations were interrupted by the sudden 
appearance of yellow eyes in the mirror.  "Harriet!" 

"Jesus Christ!"  Harriet screamed, jumping back, 
landing on her ass, and almost peeing herself.

Finally whiskers and a round furry head appeared.  
"Got a question for ya toots."

"Argh!" Harriet screamed.  "Don't you ever do that 
again, you crazy cat!"

"What?" Lucky said innocently.

"You can't just go appearing like that out of 
nowhere," Harriet said.  "How am I going to get out fo 
this mess if I drop dead of a heart attack?" 

"I did warn you," Lucky said.  "Didn't you see my 
eyes?"

Harriet wished she had something to throw at the cat - 
something to knock that smug expression right off his 
face.  "I don't care if you can walk through walls.  
You want to talk to me, use a door like everyone 
else."

"I'm not going in there," Lucky said, casting a wary 
glance at the floor.  "It's wet."

Harriet got up and edged sidewise toward a stall.  
"Well what is it?  What's so important you near about 
scared me half to death?"

Lucky looked down at Harriet's crotch with an 
expression as close to a smirk as a cat can have.  
"Yo, I was just wondering if I should call you Harry 
now?"

"Out!" Harriet screamed, as she launched a wet sponge 
at the cat.  It left a trail of soapy water on the 
mirror, but the cat was gone.  She prayed it got at 
least a little wet.

Harry!  The nerve of that cat.  And the nerve of those 
danged black-robes for pulling a stunt like this.  
Didn't they know she had bigger fish to fry than the 
Macrosse match?  Something evil was on the loose, and 
she needed an orgasm, and most of all, she needed to 
go back home.  But, Harriet knew one thing was for 
certain.  She was going to beat the Black robes today.  
Whatever it took.  

To be continued. . . 


**************



If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





