BDSM Library - Messy Bondage Minxes




Messy Bondage Minxes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Revenge is sweet in more ways than one when two female rivals compete to humiliate and torture the other. (Part II of "The Misadventures of Becky")
Messy Bondage Minxes:
The Misadventures of Becky (Part II)

Chapter 1 - Just Desserts

She didn't know why but Rebecca Chase and Stephanie Robins has always hated each
other.  They had first met at school and then fate seemed to have determined
that their paths through life should always be intertwined.  The reason that
they hated each other was by and large a clash of personalities: both of them
thought they were God's gift to men and both of them believed themselves to be a
nice decent girl and the other to be a slut, even though there were more
similarities between them than each would care to mention.

It wasn't that either one of them should be jealous of the other based on looks. 
Both were stunningly beautiful and both of them knew it.  Rebecca, or Becky as
she preferred to be known, was a drop-dead gorgeous brown haired, brown-eyed
beauty with a wonderful firm pair of 36C breasts and a cute squeezable little
bum.  Stephanie on the other hand was a tall statuesque blonde with piercing
blue eyes that hypnotised any man she took a shine to.  Stephanie also had a
fantastic body: pale skin, long legs, and a 38D bosom that she took each and
every opportunity to show off.

Perhaps they could have been friends but it was not to be.  If Becky fancied a
guy, Stephanie was already sleeping with him.  If Stephanie found a fantastic
new outfit to go to the prom in, Becky would have bought it the day before.  So
the two of them never got along and always seemed to be in each other's way.  
And then one summer, it all came to a head.  All the frustrations and enmity
boiled over.

As often happens, it began with something trivial.  Becky was working as a
waitress in a top class restaurant (her previous job had not quite worked out as
she had expected).  It was not the best job in the world but it was a way of
getting some cash until she figured out what to do with her life.  And she had
to admit, she looked kind of hot in the waitress uniform that the restaurant had
provided for her.  Often she admired herself in the mirror, smiling as she
thought how wonderful her legs looked in those black stockings, how the little
black skirt suited her, and how the tight uniform showed off her breasts to
perfection.

And she got to meet a lot of hot guys.  For instance, one evening, a
particularly handsome, muscular young man came into the restaurant and seated
himself at one of Becky's tables.  She wandered over, smiling demurely.

"Hi there, can I get you anything?" Becky said, hoping that this guy would be
interested in a bit more than food.  The man looked up at her and smiled, "I'm
sure there are many things you could get for me but I'll just have a beer,
thanks."

Becky fetched his beer.  The guy was definitely flirting with her.  Serving him
the beer, she engaged him in small talk.  He was definitely interested.

And then, as usual, "she" turned up.  Stephanie, clad in a tight red dress that
left nothing to the imagination, sidled into the chair across from him.  "Sorry,
I'm late babe," she said to the man, "Traffic, you know.  Hope you've not been
bored waiting for me."

"Not at all," said the man, looking up at Becky and smiling, "Becky here has
been keeping me entertained."

"Has she?" hissed Stephanie, "Well, Becky" (she spoke her name as if it left a
nasty taste in her mouth) "I'm here now.  Now get your skinny ass over there and
fetch me a white wine and don't be flirting with my man like a little slut."

Becky bit her lip.  She couldn't say anything to Stephanie - and Stephanie knew
it - not in the restaurant.  For the rest of the evening, Stephanie made the
most of her position of power: making Becky fetch this and that, making her
serve her things, running her ragged.  And at the end of the night, she got no
tip

That night, Becky sat at home, fuming.  Who did that little whore think she was?  
Over the next few weeks, the thought of the way that Stephanie had acted that
night burnt inside her.  And to make matters worse, she came across Stephanie a
further two times, in both of which Becky came off worst. 

On one occasion, Becky was walking down the street to meet her date, wearing a
beautiful new white dress when a car sped past, splashing her with mud from a
puddle.  Becky looked up just in time to see the car disappearing round the
corner, the driver leaning out of the window flicking her the finger.  It was
Stephanie and it seemed to Becky that she had deliberately steered the car
through the puddle in order to spatter mud over her.  Becky was in a foul mood
for the rest of the night, something that certainly did not impress her date.  A
few days later, Becky found out that her date was now seeing Stephanie.  It was
all too much to bear.

It was shortly after this that Becky found out that a celebration party had been
booked at the restaurant.  The reason for the celebration: her archrival
Stephanie had won the town's Miss Universe contest.  Becky was not surprised. 
She probably just flashed her tits at the judges and sucked a few cocks and
there you have it: the new Miss Universe of Shit-Hole, USA.  But in a way Becky
was pleased, very pleased indeed.  It meant that she could get her own back on
Stephanie. Becky plotted her revenge.

The day of the celebration party came.  Becky watched, a mischievous smile
playing across her face as people began to arrive dressed in their finery: the
men in their tuxedos, the women in their ball gowns.  All the losing competitors
were there too, putting a brave face on Stephanie's success and their defeat. 
And Becky could tell from some of the catty remarks that she heard as she walked
through the crowd serving drinks and canapes that Stephanie was far from popular
with the majority of the people in the room, and especially the losers.  As she
suspected, Stephanie was hardly a graceful winner.  In fact, she had been a
bitch.   And it was clear that many of the losers suspected Stephanie, if not of
bribing some of the judges, of dispensing certain sexual favours to get the
crown.  Becky smiled: this would be even more fun that she had anticipated.

Eventually Stephanie arrived.  She timed her arrival for maximum impact so that
she could lord it over everyone, making her entrance, blowing kisses to people
as if she was some Hollywood movie star, and posing for photographs by the local
press.  Those photographers would come in handy later on, Becky thought.  In
keeping with the occasion, and the tiara that she was still wearing, Stephanie
was dressed in a low-cut, white silk ball-gown, showing off her amazing cleavage
to full effect.   Stephanie's date guided her to her table, all eyes on her, the
women looking at her with ill-concealed contempt, the men with gazes of pure
lust.  Becky guessed that Stephanie was feeling good, revelling in the
attention, thinking this was her night.  Well, thought Becky, prepare for a
shock, slut.  This is MY night.

She waited until Stephanie was settled in her seat at the top table before
starting her plan.  The top table was raised slightly higher than the other
tables on a dais at the front of the room meaning everyone would get a good view
of Stephanie's humiliation when it came.

Clad in her waitresses' uniform, Becky approached Stephanie from behind,
carrying a bottle of red wine.  Stephanie was too busy flirting with the
chairman of the judges sat next to her to notice Becky approaching.  Once at
Stephanie's shoulder, Becky spoke.

"Wine, madam," she said, each word dripping with venom.  Stephanie turned round
and noticed her server was Becky.  A shock of recognition passed across her face
to be replaced by a look of utter contempt: "Oh, its you again, is it?  What do
you want now?"

"Wine, madam, " Becky repeated and Stephanie nodded.  Becky took Stephanie's
glass and then slowly and deliberately poured the red wine not into the glass,
but into Stephanie's lap.  Onto her pristine, white silk gown.

Stephanie yelped as the wine spilled onto her dress.  "You fucking stupid
bitch," she screamed, "Look what you've done.  You've ruined my dress, you
stupid cow."

"Oh sorry, miss," said Becky apologetically, an evil smile on her face, "Let me
try to get that stain out."  Saying that, Becky picked up the water jug on the
table and tipped the entire contents of water and ice over Stephanie's exposed
cleavage and onto her lap.

Stephanie screamed as the ice cold water poured over her breasts and down the
front of her dress, leaping to her feet, knocking her chair over.  Everyone was
watching now and laughed as the red-faced, soaking Stephanie looked down at her
sodden dress in horror.  Again she turned to Becky and let loose a torrent of
expletives as Becky stood there smiling, looking as if butter wouldn't melt in
her cute little mouth.

It was all too much for Stephanie, standing there humiliated in front of all
these people.  This was supposed to be her night and it had been ruined, simply
ruined, by this bitch standing there smiling at her.  Forgetting herself,
Stephanie lunged at Becky.  Becky easily stepped out of the way and Stephanie,
carried by her own momentum and unable to balance on her heels, toppled over,
sprawling on the floor.  The audience erupted in laughter as she collapsed in a
heap, legs apart, her pretty silk dress ripping with a loud tear, her
immaculately coiffeured hair falling down over her face.  How silly she looked,
sitting there, breathing heavily, her cheeks burning red with embarrassment.

"Has Madam had too much to drink?"  asked Becky sarcastically and the room
collapsed with laughter again.  Stephanie struggled to her feet, her calm and
poise completely gone now.  "You bitch," she squealed, "I'll get you for this". 
And saying that, she dived at Becky, her hands outstretched, swinging a punch
wildly.

But again Becky was too quick and easily sidestepped Stephanie.  As Stephanie
dived past, Becky reached out and grabbed her and swung her around.  Expertly,
she threw Stephanie round, using her own momentum against her, and flung her
face down on the floor.  This time, Becky did not give Stephanie time to get up. 
Becky fell on her back, sitting on top of her, pulling her hands behind her
back, and, reaching into her waitress's apron, pulled out a pair of handcuffs
and quickly handcuffed Stephanie's hands behind her back.

Stephanie stumbled to her feet, breathless, her hair falling across her face,
her bosom heaving, imploring the diners for help.  But the tide had turned
against Stephanie.  The crowd was not on her side at all.  They were enjoying
this, wondering what else the little minx of a waitress had in store for the
snooty beauty queen.

Becky stood behind Stephanie and grabbed her hair, pulling her head back. 
Stephanie grimaced as Becky stared into her eyes.  "Not so cocky now, eh,
bitch?" hissed Becky.  "Please," stammered Stephanie, "Let me go." 

"No chance, slut," laughed Becky, "The fun is only just starting."  Turning to
the crowd of diners, Becky held Stephanie tightly and called to the diners,
"Anyone here think that Miss Slut 2002 has got a little too big for her boots
and needs teaching a lesson?"  The crowd roared "YEEEEEEESSSSS".  Becky smiled
as she saw the fear in Stephanie's face and watched as a tear of embarrassment
began to trickle down her cheek.

Pushing her off the platform, Stephanie sprawled onto the floor, hands cuffed
behind her back.  "Now then," announced Becky, "Perhaps if this slut manages to
run round the room between all the tables in a minute flat, I'll let her go.  I
just hope you don't make it more difficult for her by trying to trip her up,
grab hold of her dress, or slap that fat ass of hers while she's doing it."  The
crowd howled their approval.  Stephanie looked up at Becky, her eyes wide and
begging for mercy, her lips mouthing the word "Pleeeeeease" but to no avail.

"On your marks, slut," said Becky, "One ... Two ... Three ... GO!"

Stephanie began to run between the tables, heading for the exit, her progress
hampered by her long dress and high heels.  A foot jutted out and Stephanie
fell, sprawling on the floor, skidding along the carpet.  Struggling to her
feet, she felt hands holding her back, tugging at her dress.   She tried to
stagger forward, fighting against the pull of hands.  Suddenly there was a loud
ripping sound and an enormous swatch of her beautiful dress came away.  The
crowd laughed.  She stumbled forward, her dress in rags around her.  She felt
hands on her, slapping her, pulling her back, scratching her.  Again, she fell,
knocking a chair and table over.  Staggering to her feet, she turned and went
back the way she came, hoping to escape but to no avail.  Again and again her
progress was impeding by people pulling at her clothes, ripping them from her,
tripping her up. 

Stephanie tried crawling on her knees but that was no use.  All that happened
was that it exposed her bottom to the surrounding people who mercilessly spanked
it and kicked her, sending her face forward onto the floor.  She even tried
wriggling on her belly but to no avail.

Eventually, she lay exhausted to the floor, her dress now completely gone, clad
only in her white silk bra and panties.  The laughter of the crowd ringing in
her ears, she looked up to see Becky standing before her, legs slightly apart,
arms folded, looking down on her, smiling.

"You lose, slut," laughed Becky, "And now you must pay the penalty.  Boys?"

Stephanie felt strong hands on her arms lifting her up and dragging her across
the room back to the raised platform at the front of the room.  The men placed
her on a chair and began to bind her feet to the legs of the chair with some
rope, whilst another man fastened her handcuffs to the back of the chair. 
Stephanie now sat before the assembled crowd, clad only in her bra and panties,
tied to the chair, utterly helpless.

"W... what are you going to do" she stammered to Becky as she slowly,
deliberately approached the bound Stephanie.

"You'll see, slut," said Becky and began to stroke the helpless girl's hair. 
Stephanie looked at her out of the corners of her eyes.  Becky lowered her face
close to Stephanie's: "Why don't you admit what a tramp you are?" 

Stephanie began to speak but Becky shushed her, putting her forefinger to
Stephanie's lips.  "Ssshhhhh, little slut.  All in good time.  Why don't you
tell these good people what a cocksucking little whore you are, and maybe I'll
let you go." 

Stephanie hesitated and Becky leant in closer, grabbing her cheeks between her
hands and squeezing them together.  "Come on, tramp.  Tell all the nice people. 
They want to hear."

Becky stepped back.  Stephanie sat there, helpless, not knowing what to do.  And
then, slowly, quietly, reluctantly, she mumbled, " I'm a dirty little slut."  
Becky smiled, "What was that?"  Stephanie repeated what she had said, only
louder: "I'm a dirty little slut."  The crowd cheered.

"Anything else?" asked Becky.  "A cocksucking whore."  Another cheer, this time
louder.  Becky waited, staring at Stephanie.  Stephanie began to say all the
dirty expletives she could think of, hoping against hope that after this Becky
would let her go and she could forget about this whole experience.

"A cockloving tramp.  A dirty bitch.  A filthy cumslut.  A cumpig.  I just love
to be fucked.  I love to suck cock and be fucked up the ass like the dirty
little slut that I am.  I am such a slut."  Roars of laughter greeted each
comment.

Soon Stephanie could take no more and fell quiet, hanging her head in shame as
she sat bound in front of all her so-called friends and colleagues.

"Very good, slut," said Becky, "Now how about we see this slut's tits."  A huge
cheer went up.

"No, please ..." said Stephanie but it was too late.  Becky grabbed Stephanie's
silk bra and with one swift movement, ripped it from her body.  Stephanie's
beautiful 38D breasts bounced into view.  Another loud cheer accompanied by wolf
whistles and lewd comments from the crowd.

Even Becky had to admit that Stephanie's breasts were impressive.  They were
large and firm, with beautiful areolae and pert erect nipples.  Becky couldn't
resist leaning over and caressing the breasts, running her hand over the full
rounded boobs.

Taking an ice cube from a nearby water jug, Becky began to rub it over
Stephanie's nipples.  Soon they were stiff and erect. Then, smiling evilly, she
took first Stephanie's left nipple and then her right between her fingernails
and pinched it.  Stephanie yelped and the audience cheered at her discomfort. 
Becky then emptied the jug of cold water slowly over Stephanie's breasts.  The
crowd hooted and jeered as the ice water flowed over the enormous boobs, pouring
down her cleavage and her belly  and over Stephanie's thin silk panties.  As the
water soaked through the thin fabric, Stephanie's pubes and pussy lips became
clearly visible.

"Mmmmmm," said Becky, "I bet everyone would just love to see your pussy.  What
do you think?"  Stephanie watched in horror as Becky leant over and ripped the
thin panties from her body, leaving red welts on her thighs.  A loud cheer
resounded round the room once more as Stephanie's pussy was revealed to the
room.

Stephanie was now completely naked, exposed in front of all the people gathered
to celebrate her triumph and now revelling in her utter humiliation.  The same
photographers who had pictured her arriving in all her finery now gathered round
and took picture after picture of Stephanie, bound, helpless and stark naked. 
To add to Stephanie's humiliation, Becky balanced Stephanie's tiara on her head
at an angle.  How mortified Stephanie looked as the nude beauty queen sat there,
bound with her legs apart, her breasts and pussy on display.

The photographers took picture after picture of the helpless girl.  A number of
men and women came on to the platform to be photographed next to Stephanie, some
of them squeezing her breasts or arranging her hair in weird shapes on her head.

"Don't use all your film, boys," Becky called to the assembled press, "There's
more to come.  We need to crown this slut properly."

Saying that, Becky signalled to one of the other waitresses who began to wheel
the dessert trolley across to the platform.  Stephanie watched in horror as she
caught sight of the trolley laden with large chocolate trifles, cream cakes,
chocolate mousse, fruit flans, bowls of ice-cream and jugs of cream and
chocolate sauce.

Taking a large chocolate mousse from the trolley, Becky ceremoniously held it
above the struggling Stephanie's head and announced, " I crown this slut Miss
Cocksucker 2002."  Saying this, Becky upended the whole bowl, pressing the bowl
down hard on Stephanie's head.  The helpless girl moaned as the cold sticky
chocolate pudding oozed down her beautiful blonde hair and over her face,
sliding down over her breasts, down her smooth firm belly and over her pubs,
collecting in a messy puddle between her legs.  The crowd applauded and cheered
at Stephanie's humiliation as the layers of chocolate pudding poured over her,
enveloping her pretty face in a mass of gunge.

There was an explosion of flashbulbs as the photographers took picture after
picture of Stephanie sat there, bound and helpless, naked, chocolate mousse
covering her nude body, the empty bowl balanced precariously on her head.  But
her messy humiliation was far from over.

Becky removed the bowl from Stephanie's head and emptied a jug of cold cream
over the bound girl's head.  Rivulets of cream poured over her face, the
whiteness of the cream making a pleasing contrast to the darkness of the
chocolate coating her body.  Stephanie shivered as the cream ran down her body,
pouring over her breasts, dripping from her nipples, matting her pubes with
chocolate and cream.

Spitting chocolate and cream from her mouth, Stephanie began to plead,
"Pleeeease, no more, pleeeease ......"  But to no avail.  Becky's response was
to take a chocolate eclair and stuff it into Stephanie's mouth, effectively
gagging her.  Then another chocolate pudding was ground into Stephanie's face,
completely burying her pretty face under a layer of chocolate gunge.

Unable to see what was happening and unable to protest at her treatment,
Stephanie could only brace herself and endure her messy humiliation.  She could
tell when something was about to happen by the crowd's reaction: a low
"oooooohhhh" building to a cheer as the next pudding was smeared over her naked
body.

Stephanie felt whipped cream being squirted onto each breast and then over her
belly and over her pubes.  Becky then emptied the can by squirting the remaining
cream into a pile on Stephanie's head like a dunce's cap.  Gales of laughter
swept the room as the crowd revelled in Stephanie's utter humiliation and how
ridiculous she looked.

Two fruit flans, one strawberry flavour and one blackberry flavour, were smashed
into each of Stephanie's breasts.  The pastry fell away, revealing large messy
fruity piles of goo on each tit.  Two more chocolate flans were smashed against
each side of Stephanie's head, further obscuring her features and completely
covering her beautiful blonde hair, once so clean and shiny, in goo.

A jug of chocolate sauce was then emptied over the helpless girl's head, coating
her entire body in a thick layer of dark viscous gunge.  Stephanie was now
barely recognisable as the proud beauty queen she had once been: she was now a
totally humiliated slut.

After allowing the photographers to take more photos, Becky then prepared the
gunged beauty for more humiliation.  Stephanie did not resist as her bonds tying
her to the chair were cut and the handcuffs released.  Becky pushed her towards
another dessert trolley, this one also fully laden with chocolate pies and cream
cakes.

Stephanie was forced face down onto the trolley, her breasts and body squishing
against the chocolate puddings and cream cakes on the trolley.  Pushing
Stephanie's face into a strategically placed chocolate flan, Becky quickly
handcuffed each of Stephanie's wrists to each trolley leg whilst another
waitress bound her ankles to the other trolley legs.  Stephanie was now bound
bent over the trolley, face down, each limb securely fastened to one of the
trolley legs, unable to move, her ass and pussy exposed.

"Look at that ass," laughed Becky, slapping Stephanie's pert ass cheeks with the
palm of her hand, "Isn't it just so ...... spankable?"  The crowd roared their
approval as Stephanie lay there helpless, her breasts squashed against the
trolley, squelching in the chocolatey mess, her hair and face dripping chocolate
sauce and cream.  "You ...... bitch," Stephanie spat, lifting her head and then
resigned to her fate and further humiliation, allowed her face to fall back into
the gunge.

Becky was pleased to note that Stephanie's round full bottom was still by and
large clean.  There were spatters of chocolate and cream across it but compared
to the muck covering the rest of Stephanie's nude form, it was relatively
unscathed.

Becky ran her hands over Stephanie's beautiful smooth buttocks.  "Shall I spank
her?" she asked the crowd, " Shall I?"  A roar of approval came back to her.

Becky lifted her hand, paused and then brought it down hard on Stephanie's
exposed left cheek.  "Owwwww," squealed the humiliated beauty queen, squirming
in the gunge covering the dessert trolley.  Then the right cheek and another
yelp of pain and embarrassment.  The room echoed to the sharp slap of the sound
of hand against pert ass cheek, the squeals and yelps of pain and humiliation
from the helpless Stephanie, and the cheers from the audience as each spank hit
home.   Alternating cheeks, Becky spanked Stephanie 30 times, 15 times on each
cheek, until the degraded slut's ass cheeks glowed red.  And had Stephanie's
pretty face not been completely covered in sticky cream and chocolate pudding
and sauce, everyone would have been able to see how red her face was, as her
cheeks burned with embarrassment at her treatment.

Finished with the spanking, Becky stepped back to admire her handiwork. 
Stephanie writhed on the trolley, her bottom burning with pain and shame.  Her
lesson was nearly over but Becky had one or two more things to do before she was
finished with this slut.

"Mmmmm, " said Becky, "That ass looks sore.  Better cool it down."  Saying that,
Becky smashed a cold chocolate flan over Stephanie's bottom, followed by a jug
of cream emptied over her cheeks.

Becky then stepped in front of Stephanie and gingerly lifted her face out of the
goo by her hair.  Even beneath the mask of chocolate pudding and cream, Becky
could see the hatred burning for her on Stephanie's face - and also a look of
pure and utter humiliation.  Becky reached onto the lower level of the trolley
and lifted up a single chocolate eclair.

"Don't worry, sweetie," smiled Becky, "This one's not for your mouth."

Saying this, Becky let go of Stephanie's hair.  Her face fell back into the
gunge.  Becky then walked around behind the helpless squirming girl and looked
down at her ass.  Due to Stephanie's exposed position, her pussy was, although
matted in sauce and cream, clearly visible between her stretched thighs. 

Slowly Becky eased the eclair into Stephanie's pussy.  The humiliated slut
moaned as the cake was squeezed into her tight slit.  The feel of the pastry,
chocolate sauce and cream against her pussy lips and clitoris began to stimulate
Stephanie and she began to wriggle and moan as her pussy became wetter and
wetter. 

"What a slut," laughed Becky, as she realised that her humiliated captive was
becoming excited by her treatment. 

Well, thought Becky, let's see if she likes this.  Taking another chocolate
eclair, Becky eased Stephanie's ass cheeks apart and slowly pushed the cake into
her asshole.  "Oh God," moaned Stephanie as the sticky pastry was stuffed
further and further into her bottom.

How silly she looked, covered in goo, writhing with both humiliation and sexual
pleasure at her treatment, tied naked and helpless to the dessert trolley,
chocolate eclairs sticking out of her pussy and ass.

Becky walked round to the front of the trolley and lifted Stephanie's head up by
the hair again.  "Now we're even, bitch," hissed Becky.  "Oh no, " thought
Stephanie as Becky said this, "Not even close to being even."

But Stephanie's ordeal was still not over.  It had been Becky's plan to push the
bound and humiliated slut out into the street on the trolley and parade her up
and down the street before leaving her somewhere naked, messy and helpless to
find her way home. 

A number of the men who had watched Stephanie's humiliation in the room however
had other ideas.  Not surprisingly, they had found the whole episode quite
arousing and all had rock hard erections.  As Becky stepped away from Stephanie,
a group of men moved around the helpless girl, undressing.  Stephanie was
completely unable to resist as one of the men lifted her head by her hair and
presented her with his erect cock.

By now, the cream and chocolate pastry was melting inside Stephanie's pussy and
ass and she was becoming increasingly aroused.  Stephanie began to lick at the
cock in front of her, flicking it with her tongue.  Smiling, the man began to
rub the tip of his cock over Stephanie's goo-covered face, covering the head of
his penis in chocolate and cream.  Like the cockslut that she was, Stephanie
began to lick at his penis like a lollipop, cleaning it off the gunge.  Then,
slurping and drooling, she began to suck hungrily at the cock.

Meanwhile, another man was standing behind her and, pulling out part of the
eclair in Stephanie's pussy, entered her from behind.  His cock pumped into her
wet slit, now moistened also with chocolate and cream.

Becky smiled.  This was even better than she had expected.  She watched as
Stephanie moaned, still bound to the trolley and covered in messy food, and was
fucked from behind while she sucked another guy off.  What a complete and utter
slut she was!

As Becky watched, the man Stephanie was sucking groaned and withdrew his cock
from Stephanie's mouth.  Cum pumped over Stephanie's chocolate and cream covered
face, the cum dribbling in rivulets over the gunge.  She looked such a mess. 
Stephanie licked hungrily at the cum as it dribbled down her face mingling with
the other goo coating her features.

Becky lost count of the number of men who fucked or otherwise used the gunged
slut that night.  She was fucked in the pussy and ass several times, and a
number of men used her mouth before shooting their load over her messy slutty
face.  What was certain was that by the end of the evening, Stephanie was still
bound naked to the dessert trolley, and still covered in chocolate sauce, cream
and now cum. 

No-one would ever respect her again or treat her as anything other than a stupid
humiliated unworthy slut.  Becky smiled.  She had got her revenge on Stephanie,
no mistake.  Now they were even.




Chapter 2 - Captured

Two weeks later,  Rebecca Chase was walking home after a night out.  Wearing a
thick coat huddled around her against the cold, a white blouse, black knee
length skirt, stockings and boots, she hurried down the street on her way home. 
She never even heard the van pull up behind her or the doors open.

The first thing she heard was footsteps hurrying behind her.  But by then it was
too late.  They were on her.  Arms enveloped her and a canvas bag was pulled
down over her head.  As she struggled, she felt rope being tied round her,
binding her arms to her body.   One thing was certain, she thought, as her
captors took control of her: her kidnappers were women.  She could smell
perfume, feel their breasts against her.  Then she was pulled, kicking and
screaming, across the pavement and bundled into the back of a van.  She was
thrown to the floor of the van and the doors slammed behind her.

She screamed again and she heard a voice - a woman's voice: "Shut up bitch, or
else."  A chill went down her spine.  She recognised the voice.  It was
Stephanie.  Worried even more now, Becky fell silent.

"OK," she heard Stephanie's voice again, "Let's go.  Time to have some fun with
this slut."

The van drove off into the night.
--------------------------------------

To be continued.
And don't miss "Overdrawn At The Sperm Bank": Part 1 of "The Misadventures of
Becky", also on www.bdsmlibrary.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  fireball


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





