BDSM Library - Multi-electrode and Imaging Analysis




Multi-electrode and Imaging Analysis
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Trinity has completely disrupted her family's life and as a last resort, she is sent to volunteer for a very special project just funded by the government -- the detailed study of Xtrypereon. The doctors promise that her delinquent behavior can be modified in only three months though the 'volunteer' will have to undergo some rigorous medical testing ...
Multi-electrode and Imaging Analysis
 of Xtrypereon Subcellular Connectivity and Morphology


"As you can see, this is an important study that has already been funded by the
government and we are looking for volunteers in a certain age group that exhibit
some or even all of the following characteristics."  the doctor said, sliding a
sheet of paper over to a couple in their thirties who were sitting there
anxiously wondering what this was all about.  Their oldest teenage daughter had
this one chance to escape Juvenile Hall and they wanted very much to make sure
she didn't end up there.

The father read the list, nodding as he did and looked up after he had scanned
the long list.

"I would say that Trinity does indeed fit the profile you are looking for.  As
you know from our previous conversation, Trinity has been in quite a bit of
trouble. She has shoplifted, been accused of assault on a female friend of hers
and has  ... err, how shall I put this delicately, she has initiated sexual
advances on all of us, including our younger daughters."  he said, sliding the
sheet of paper back to the doctor.

The doctor nodded, "Yes, that would be consistent with the type of syndrome we
are looking to study."

"What I am not clear on however is how this particular grant applies itself to
this type of situation.  It sounds as if you are planning on creating some kind
of artificial intelligence, rather than getting at the root of what must be a
behavioral or chemical problem within the brain."  the father asked, leaning
back to study the doctor.

"Yes, quite right."  the doctor smiled.  "Our studies need first to gather
direct and raw data in order to create a network of cultured cortical neurons. 
Later, much later we will work on the computer-simulated body.  We intend to
design the virtual reality in which these two elements will interact.  A
long-term, 2-way interface between a computer and a cultured neural network will
be created -- using data collected from subjects such as Trinity and hundreds of
others.  Software tools that recognize emergent patterns of network activity
will be developed, and used to trigger distributed patterns of electrical
stimulation in real time. The effects of this sensory-motor feedback loop will
be studied at the millisecond time scale by optical recording using our custom
high-speed CCD camera. Changes in neuronal connectivity and morphology will be
followed on the scale of minutes, hours and days using our 2-photon laser
scanning microscope. Two-photon microscopy allows extended high-resolution
imaging of living cells without harming them or bleaching the fluorescent
label."  the doctor explained, warming up to his favorite subject.

"By combining many-unit electrophysiology and optical recording with
non-destructive 2-photon imaging in an in vitro system capable of behaving and
learning, it will be possible to observe changes in subcellular, cellular, and
network properties that underlie learning and memory. By studying the mechanisms
of information processing and storage in small networks of neurons, models of
mental impairment from disease or aging can be examined with unprecedented
detail."  the doctor continued, smiling now.

"So you can see how Trinity and others like her will be a building block toward
advancing a more comprehensive understanding of all the impulses processed by
the brain and once we fully understand that, we can begin to repair and enhance
all aspects of brain functions.  It is quite an exciting project."

The father nodded thoughtfully.  "What kind of environment would Trinity be in
for these tests?  How long will they run?  Will there be transportation to and
from the lab?  Will there be any side effects or dangers?" 

"Our subjects will be housed at our main lab complex in Yawla because of the
sensitive nature of our work.  Because it has potential for much harm if it were
to fall into the wrong hands there is a complex set of security measures that we
are bound to follow or risk losing all funding.  The complete battery of tests
initially runs for three months.  Depending on the data we accumulate, we may
ask volunteers to extend that for a longer period of time. As far as I know,
there have been no known side effects.  The lab itself is actually rather
self-sustaining as it is out in the middle of the desert.  It is more like a
small town than a lab, with dormitories, stores, cafeterias and even a water
park."  the doctor smiled.

"What would happen if Trinity then displayed the same behaviors that got her
into trouble in the first place?  Will she be removed from the program?  Or
arrested again?"  the father asked.

"Because this is a brain function study among other things, you need not fear
police involvement.  Yawla is designed with this in mind and actually, should
Trinity engage in those behaviors again, it would be a bonus for our project as
we would be recording all the electro-chemical activity in her brain for study. 
We would be then able to unravel what it is going on inside her head that
prompts her to do these illegal acts."  the doctor replied.

"I see.  Would we be able to visit her during this time?"  the mother asked
nervously.

The doctor turned his attention to the petite woman who had been mostly silent
throughout the entire interview.  She was quite attractive, with auburn hair
pulled up in an old fashioned kind of hair do with wispy tendrils of hair
caressing her pale cheeks and neck.  Around her neck was a thick gold necklace
that was clearly quite expensive though their demeanor and circumstances did not
suggest a great deal of wealth.  He couldn't help but notice the swell of her
breasts in the eye catching dress that revealed more than it hid.  He wondered
that a shy and submissive looking woman would wear such an outfit.

"During the initial three month period, it may be possible to arrange a visit
for you, but I would discourage it except under the most unique of
circumstances.  As you saw in the release papers, there will be some procedures
that Trinity has to endure. They are not painful, nor are they permanent, but
they are disconcerting to most people.  As you recall, she will need to have her
head shaved so that we may implant the various recording and relay devices
subcutaneously and this will leave her obviously bald, but also with some
bruising until the surgery heals.  She will also be constantly wearing various
wires and pads to record other bodily functions.  All in all, she'll look like
she is being experimented on and often people are quite uncomfortable in seeing
it.  However, it is possible and I can schedule an interview for you with Dr.
Wingate and see if she believes that seeing Trinity during this time is
advisable."  he concluded.

She nodded, an odd smile fleeting across her face before she once more assumed
her submissive demeanor.  The doctor wondered what had just gone through her
mind.  A most interesting couple.

"So then, if I've answered all your questions, perhaps we should send Trinity in
so that we can conclude this?"  the doctor asked.

The father nodded.  "Yes.  I believe this is her best option and I will sign the
papers now.  She will have no choice in this."  he said quietly, picking up the
pen and signing several forms that had been laid out on the desk.

When he was done, he handed the pen to his wife and she signed all the papers as
well.  The doctor pressed the intercom switch and asked for Trinity to be sent
in.

Within moments the door opened and Trinity sauntered into the room.  The doctor
raised his brows in surprise.  The photo in the file had shown a shy looking
girl with brunette hair and a serious expression wearing a delicate summer
sundress.

The teen that now entered his office could not be the same girl.

She was sporting several pieces of body art.  At casual glance, he counted 5
piercings.  She was wearing short shorts that left nearly half of her bottom
exposed not to mention the edges of a shaved outer labia.  On her chest was a
brief triangle of fabric that almost covered her b cup breasts but was so sheer
that he could see her nipples.

"Hello ..err .. Trinity?"  the doctor said, wondering if they had sent in the
wrong girl.

"Sure."  she said, slinking around to sit on her father's lap, pressing her
breast against his face.

Her expression dared anyone to make a comment about her lewd behavior and she
began to rock her hips in his lap.  Her mother blushed and studied the carpet
and the father tried to ignore what she was doing.

The doctor was wonderfully fascinated and stared openly, smiling.

"I could sit in your lap too Doc."  she said, snapping a quick bubble with her
gum as she spoke.

"Perhaps another time Trinity."  he said gently.

She seemed surprised by his answer, but continued trying to disrupt the
proceedings by reaching out to touch her mother's breast, pulling her mother's
skirt up to reveal her shaven vulva and other bits of sexually inappropriate
behavior.

The doctor smiled, suddenly gaining insight into this family.

"Your parents have agreed to let you volunteer for this study Trinity.  The
papers are all signed, all the releases have been taken care of. All that is
left is to set a date and bring you to Yawla for the experiments to begin."  the
doctor informed her.

"Cool.  Will there be lots of other people there?  Are we allowed to have sex? 
I'll need a refill for my pills unless you want me there pregnant.  That works
too if you'll foot the bill.  And diseases, are all the people like, you know,
clean?  Or do I have to worry about that shit there too?"  she demanded,
snapping more bubbles with her gum obviously hoping to annoy everyone.

The doctor smiled.  "There will be lots of people there.  You may have sex if
you wish, though only under the most controlled of circumstances.  You will not
need refills of the pill as we have a different protocol for birth control and
you have no need to worry about diseases.  All the sex you will engage in will
be of the virtual reality kind.  Unless of course, you happen to discover how to
circumvent our security and our protocols."  he replied evenly, having had this
discussion with her parents earlier.  She was quite the brazen little
trouble-maker, he mused.

She stuck her tongue out at him and pressed her breast into her father's face
again.

"Virtual sex isn't real. I was talking about real sex.  Then again, you're so
old you probably don't remember what it is I'm talking about anyway.  So, do I
get a credit card?  What kinds of stores do they have there?  Can I leave any
time?"  she asked.

The doctor chuckled.  "You can cut the act Trinity. You know what your choices
are, so I would suggest that you get yourself ready, or if you would rather,
just let the police pick you up and take you to juvenile hall."

Trinity scowled at him and rose from her father's lap.  She stepped over to her
mother and pulled the top of her dress aside, revealing her mother's breast. 
Her mother tried to pull it back, blushing deeply, but the dress tore and she
was now totally exposed.

"You know what, she's still making milk!  Won't let me have any. Says I'm too
old.  Well what the hell has she got milk for then?  She's so weird."  Trinity
said, grabbing a nipple and forcing a stream of milk from the breast just before
her father grabbed her and threw her over his lap, slapping her nearly naked
bottom quite hard.

"You will be respectful of your mother Trinity."  he ground out, punctuating
each word with a vicious slap to her bottom, turning it quite red. 

Trinity struggled but then just began to sob.  Her father let her up and pointed
to a chair.  Trinity stalked to the chair, still sniffing, but obviously out of
things to say or do now.

The doctor took some quick notes and smiled.  "We'll get her on the way now if
you like. I can see that this current situation is worse than what was initially
described."  he said, trying not to look as his wife tried to pin the top of her
dress back together.

"To be honest, "  he said, looking over the paperwork and making quick notes,
"There's really no reason she can't go right now.  All our paperwork is done. 
All materials and clothing are supplied by the lab, and her schooling is over
with in any event as you home schooled."  he looked up, the question in his
eyes.

Both parents nodded in relief.  "That would be fine doctor.  The sooner Trinity
can learn to control herself, the better off our family will be."

"Excellent!  I'll make all the arrangements then.  If you like, I can let you
have some private time to say good-bye while I go out and get it all arranged." 
he said, rising from his chair and taking his leave.

The door closed behind the doctor and the room was silent for quite some time.

Trinity remained in her seat, her mother had finally fixed her dress, and her
father was smiling.

"So then, I think it is time we said our good-byes."  he said, rising to
approach Trinity.

Trinity scowled again, "Oh sure, let's pretend we're like this happy and normal
family.  You won't miss me at all.  You'll be relieved that I'm someone else's
problem."

"That's true."  her father replied amiably.  "You've chosen to be a
trouble-maker and it is hard for the rest of us.  I don't have any idea why you
are doing what you are doing and hopefully we can find out by doing this.  It's
been your choice and you made it."  he said gently, putting an arm around her.

He put his arm around her shoulders and she shifted so that her mouth was
directly at his crotch.  She nuzzled him there, happy to see that he was still
quite hard. 

He pretended not to notice, as he would not see her for roughly three months. 
He often wondered what would happen if he acknowledged her approaches, but did
not want to find out.  He knew of nothing that would destroy a man faster in
this society than any hint of impropriety with teenaged daughters!

He reflected on Trinity's recent behaviors and was as puzzled now as he was when
she began this about a year ago.  He had at first attributed it to raging
adolescent hormones, peer pressure, bad reading and even the Internet, but none
really explained the nature of her actions, why she would pursue them despite
the consequences.  He sighed inwardly, hoping that this research would give him
some insight into her problems.  He had been assured that she would be getting
psychological evaluation and counseling and as this was a part of the
experimental procedures, the information gathered would not be considered
confidential and would be shared with him.

He hoped that they could discover what was bothering her so that they could
repair their relationship.  He missed the daughter she had been and really
wanted her back.

He pushed her away gently as her hands began to work their way up his thighs to
his raging hard on.  "None of that Trinity."  he reminded her gently.

"Oh shit on that."  she stormed, suddenly slamming her hands against his chest
and stomach. "What is it with you?  Why can't I?  Why do you hate me so much?!" 
she screamed, jumping out of her chair now.

"Why even bother pretending?"  she screamed again, pacing the room now.  She
took several deep breaths, looking suddenly resigned.

"Whatever.  Look, let's just drop this crap and you can send me on my way,
okay?"

Her father tried to hide his pained look, something about her words having
triggered something in the back of his mind.  He couldn't grasp it though as he
was then distracted by Trinity nuzzling her mother's breasts in a lewd attempt
at a hug.

"Okay Trinity, enough."  he said, pulling her away.

"Let's find the doctor and get this moving.  Hopefully all this will bring to
light what is going on and then we can deal with it all."

They exited the doctor's office just in time to see him return, a large
clipboard in hand.

"Ah, there you are. Perfect timing."  he said with a wide smile.

"It's all been arranged.  Trinity will have private transportation to Yawla in
about 2 hours but she can remain here and fill out some paperwork and we can do
a preliminary physical and such so that she isn't too bored."  he said with a
smile in Trinity's direction.

"I have spoken with Dr. Wingate and she will be happy to interview you both
about the suitability of visiting Trinity sometime during the experiments.  In
fact, she can see you right now if you wish."

Trinity's parents smiled, "That would be excellent and will save us a trip out
here.  If you could direct us to her office?"  her father asked.

"Yes, see the colored lines on the floor?  Just follow the yellow one until you
get to Dr. Wingate's office.  Couldn't be simpler."  he said, pointing to the
floor.

"Well then, I guess this is it for a few weeks Trinity."  her mother said
softly, moving to hug her again.

Trinity grabbed her mother's breasts and squeezed so that the front of the dress
became wet with milk.  Trinity laughed, "Oh dear mother, you appear to be
leaking."  she said loudly.

Her mother blushed crimson but tried to hug Trinity anyway, thereby wetting the
front of Trinity's tiny top.

"Oh dear Trinity, you're leaking too."  her mother replied calmly, dabbing a
handkerchief over Trinity's erect nipples visible through the thin fabric.

Trinity scowled and rolled her eyes. With one quick motion, she untied the bit
of string holding her top on.  She handed the top to her mother.  "When you get
around to it, you can launder it."  she said, smiling up at the doctor now.

"So doc, where do I go?"  she asked, her pert nipples quite erect on well tanned
breasts that jiggled as she spoke.

The doctor nodded, "I'll show you now Trinity.  If nudity is your preference,
feel free to be naked."  he commented, leading the way down another corridor.

Trinity's parents exchanged an amused smile.  "This should be interesting. Let's
see what Dr. Wingate has to say."

They followed the yellow lines to Dr. Wingate's office and were welcomed by an
auburn haired young woman that barely seemed old enough to be a doctor of such
distinction.

"Hello, you must be Max and ... "  Dr. Wingate glanced down at her paperwork, at
a loss for his wife's name but didn't see it listed.

"Well, it appears they didn't list your name. My apologies."  Dr. Wingate said,
extending a hand to Max's wife.

"That's all right.  I'm Jen."  she said softly, taking Dr. Wingate's hand in a
firm handshake.

"Okay then, Max and Jen, parents of our newest subject, Trinity.  I'm very
pleased to meet you."  she said, ushering them into her office and closing the
door behind her.

She indicated they should take seats on the couch and she perched on the arm of
a nearby chair.  "This is rather in informal interview, designed to give us some
background on Trinity as well as to assess the suitability of having you both
visit during the time she will be away."

Max and Jen nodded, liking Dr. Wingate's easy and direct manner.

Both Max and Jen couldn't help but notice that Dr. Wingate wore very little
beneath her lab coat.  They could distinctly make out her nipples, bare flesh
between the buttons and as she perched on the chair, they were treated to
glimpses of a shaved cunt!

Max cleared his throat, puzzled by a distinguished doctor going naked beneath a
lab coat in such a facility.  Puzzled, but enjoying it immensely.

"So then, let me begin by asking about your homelife. I'm sure it's been
difficult lately, but in general, what is a day like?  What are your habits,
rituals, or even approach to life?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

Max raised his brow, "That's a rather open-ended question.  I'm assuming you
want more information than what we do for breakfast or family vacations? 
Whether or not we go to church and all that?"  he asked, a wary look in his eyes
now.

Dr. Wingate smiled.  "Yes Max.  What I'm looking for are your attitudes about
nudity, the family bed, raising children, sexuality, religion, and that kind of
thing.  Things that would effect the way Trinity perceives the world, and
perhaps how your actions and beliefs affected her."  Dr. Wingate explained, her
eyes suddenly quite piercing in their assessment of the couple.

Max returned her look with eyes equally piercing.  "And this information is
strictly confidential?"  he countered.

Dr. Wingate nodded, "Strictly confidential, my word of honor.  This information
is to help us help you and believe me, we've really heard it all.  Society tends
to ostracize those who live differently, but society, as a group is pretty
stupid and incredibly narrow minded, thanks in part to our Puritanical
Heritage." 

Max relaxed a bit, leaning back to ponder his reply.

Jen smiled and leaned forward, her breasts nearly bursting from the dress as she
did.

"I think Dr. Wingate, that you probably would be surprised at our lifestyle, if
that is what it is called.  We are so used to having to hide what we consider to
be perfectly natural.  You can imagine how reticent we are to share some
things."  she said softly, as if afraid of being overheard.

Dr. Wingate nodded.  "In the interests of getting on with this critical
interview, I may as well speak first."  she said with a reassuring smile.

She opened the buttons of her lab coat and removed it, proving that she was in
fact totally naked beneath the lab coat.  "My husband, whom you know as the
doctor, prefers that I work naked."  she said with a smile, showing off her
nipple rings and spreading her legs a bit to reveal several rings -- on her
outer labia and one large one on her clit hood.

Max chuckled, "Indeed.  I know I liked him."  he said, nodding to Jen.

Jen blushed and removed her dress as well, sitting straight backed on the couch,
revealing rings and a naked body as well.

"However, the major issue for our lifestyle is that we have hidden it from the
children and you may or may not know how difficult that can be.  We don't mind
being nude in front of the children, but most other aspects of our unique
relationship is kept from the children because of societal pressures for
conformity and the like."  Max explained.

"The kids know that I rule the roost, I make the decisions and that their mother
defers to me in most things.  They know that we are still lusty at our advanced
age, "  he paused to smile, "and that we have strict rules.  While I don't
physically correct Jen in their presence, I think they know that she is as
accountable for errors and bad behavior as they are.  Other than that, I don't
know how different we are from others."

Dr. Wingate nodded, "Yes, an all too common scenario actually.  Do you
physically punish your daughters, spankings and such?"  she asked.

Max shook his head.  "When they were younger, they would get spanked for
infractions of the rules, but since Trinity has matured, I've been hesitant to
continue. I suppose it is now a matter of being charged with abuse or some other
nonsense if I take a belt to her bottom.  Worse, being called a pervert."

Dr. Wingate nodded again, "Yes, I've heard that quite a bit from other parents
as well.  What about before Trinity matured, what was life like then?"

"Well, we were pretty happy and pretty much shunned most people. We have a nice
place in the country and so just did things our own way.  We home schooled,
didn't care about nudity, took showers together, shared our bed when the girls
were scared or lonely, or just to watch an old movie.  If the girls were bad, I
spanked them.  If Jen was bad I spoke to her sternly and spanked her later, when
the girls were in bed.  I don't know, what else do you want to know?"  Max
asked.

Dr. Wingate smiled, "Okay, you want more direct questions.  Nursing?  Did you
breast or bottle feed your kids?"  she asked Jen.

"I nursed both of them until they were about 6 or so.  Tandem nursing so that
Trinity wouldn't feel left out when Emma came along.  Trinity really hated
having to give up the breast though.  She took it really hard and tried
repeatedly to continue nursing when Hannah came along.  I'm still nursing
Hannah, who will be 6 very soon now." 

Dr. Wingate nodded, "And potty training?  Did that go well?"  she asked.

Jen nodded.  "We were rather lazy about it I suppose, but it seemed we were just
taking our cues from them really.  They all learned about 3 or 4 years old,
didn't have any accidents once they learned, except maybe for the first diaper
free day.  Nothing unusual that I can recall." 

"Any religious practices?  Or other cultural observances?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

Max and Jen both shrugged.  "We are atheists and American.  I don't think we do
anything special other than shun most television though we are avid fans of
cooking shows and home improvement shows." Max replied with a chuckle.

"And old movies. Some recent ones as well."  Jen added.

Dr. Wingate nodded again, "Is there any possibility that Trinity has observed
you during kinky sex or times of correction?"

"Probably.  I'm sure all the kids have walked in on us at one time or another. 
I didn't think it a big deal and they didn't either.  We would just remind them
that it's our time to be alone and do adult things and they were accepting of
that.  As for catching us in a spanking, I don't really know. I would tend to
say no as Jen has rarely done anything that merited that kind of correction, but
kids are curious and can be quite sneaky so I can't totally rule it out."  Max
replied.

"Okay, that's a beginning."  Dr. Wingate said, going over the information in her
mind.  "It appears the one thing we do know is that Trinity was upset over
having to stop nursing, perhaps jealous of her sisters when they got to
continue?" 

Jen nodded, "Yes, most definitely.  She was jealous when Emma got to keep
nursing and more recently, of Hannah."  Jen blushed and took a deep breath.

"In fact, she's become quite militant and very rude about it.  Just earlier, in
the doctor's office, she pulled by dress off and tried to squeeze my nipples
making some comments about not letting her nurse. And again in the hallway, as
we were speaking to your husband, she again grabbed for my nipples rudely."

Dr. Wingate nodded, "Yes, I can understand now why you would want to take some
action.  Did you ever consider letting her nurse longer?" 

Jen frowned and shook her head. "I did debate it sort of, but it seemed 6 was an
advanced enough age to be nursing already .. you know?  I suppose it came to be
a matter of 'what would people think' even though we live by ourselves and don't
socialize much. I suppose I was afraid that later in life I would be accused of
doing it all wrong or for too long.  I've been on Internet mailing lists where
some advocated nursing at least until about 4 years old, while others were
saying that was sick and demented."

Dr. Wingate nodded.  "And you Max, how did you feel about the nursing choices in
your household."

Max smiled, "I would not presume to tell a woman what to do in that department,
but I do advocate nursing, yet like Jen, I haven't a clue as to when it is
appropriate to wean."

"However, I know that I like to occasionally sample from Jen, so perhaps one is
never too old to nurse?"  he chuckled, the image of Dr. Wingate nursing at Jen's
breast suddenly becoming more prominent in his mind.  His cock twitched and he
tried to think of other things before it became too obvious.

Dr. Wingate smiled, "Indeed, you may have something there."

"Any other punishments used?"  she asked.

"The usual suspects I suppose.  We tried time-outs and didn't like it, at least
in the way it is practiced in most places I've read about.  I tried a bit of
'punishment fits the crime' thing, and that was okay for most little things.  I
wanted to try other methods, but they seemed inappropriate somehow."  Max said.

"Oh?  In what way would they have been inappropriate?" 

"Too cruel or perhaps too closely allied with punishments in our lifesytle. It's
a fine line to walk at times.  My thinking was that if one of the girls did
something that translated to acting like an animal, I would then treat them
completely like an animal so that they understood the difference of what it
means to be an animal and to be a human."  Max replied.

Dr. Wingate nodded once more.  "Yes, I can see how that would be hard to do,
especially in these times."

"I think you both would be suited for visiting Trinity as she undergoes the
various procedures for this protocol."  Dr. Wingate announced after a moments
contemplation.

"Be aware that you may be shocked at what you will see, but that you will
understand the source from which it comes.  I truly believe that we here can
help your family mend."  she concluded with a smile.

"You do?  On what basis do you make that conclusion?"  Max asked skeptically.

"I'll let you see that for yourself Max.  I'm doing something we have never done
before -- inviting both you and Jen to be a part of the process, though an
undocumented subject.  In addition to our work for this particular grant, my
husband's specialty is family relations.  For parts of this upcoming experiment
we will be blending the two aspects for a project of our own.  In fact, you can
bring the whole family and consider it a vacation of sorts. Yawla is actually
quite pleasant and there is lots to do.  If you don't like what you find there,
you can of course, go, but I would suggest giving it a try for at least a month
so that you can learn and see progress before committing either way."

Max raised his brows once more.  "Really?  That is quite surprising.  I'm almost
envisioning some kinky community where life is really as it ought to be.  I
don't suppose that will be the case?"  he asked hopefully.

Dr. Wingate laughed.  "If I understand you correctly, this may in fact be the
kind of community you are looking for, but not I think in the way you are
envisioning it.  You will have adjustments to make as well, and they might be
difficult for you.  However, my husband and I are  armed with scientific data
that you may study to prove our point.  We aren't asking you to take anything on
faith."

"Well, it sounds like a tempting offer."  he began, a speculative gleam in his
eye.

"Tell you what, if you will do me the honor of nursing at Jen's breast, I'll
agree to take our family vacation with you." he said calmly, a mischievous
sparkle in his eye.

Dr. Wingate laughed.  "It's a deal!  You're easy."  she said, taking a seat next
to Jen as if waiting for just such an offer.

Jen smiled shyly and offered a breast to Dr. Wingate.  Dr. Wingate was obviously
an experienced nurser and latched on quite easily and efficiently.

to be continued ...




Multi-electrode and Imaging Analysis of Xtrypereon Subcellular Connectivity and
Morphology


Chapter 2  -- Preparation


The doctor led Trinity to his exam room and asked her to take a seat on the exam
table that was a hybrid of a dental chair and gynecological table complete with
heavy duty knee stirrups.

"Fancy rig you have there.  My doctor just has those little things that look
like pedals to put your feet on when she pokes and prods my cunt."  Trinity
commented, running her hand over the stirrups and testing their strength.

"Should I get naked?"  she asked, snapping another bubble with her gum as she
perched next to the arm of the exam table.

"Not just yet, unless you would feel more comfortable."  he replied, moving to
his desk and picking up several forms which he then attached to his clipboard.

"What I would like to do is get some background on you, then give you a basic
work-up for our needs.  I have all your medical records already, but they leave
out information that we need."  he stated, looking up at her now.

"How so Doc?"  she asked.

He smiled, "I need detailed information about your past sexual activity and I
need to check you for various common conditions that should be done regularly. 
Some of your records are out of date.  In addition, I need to be sure that you
are not sensitive to some of the controls and dyes we will be using once the
experiment actually begins."

"Cool."  she said, shucking her shorts and letting them drop to the floor.  "I
love talking about sex, I'm no namby pamby prude like most giggling simpering
females, and I kind of like going to the doctor."  She spread her legs and
grinned, "Especially for a pelvic.  It turns me on when people look at me and
touch me.  Are you going to do a pelvic now?"

He chuckled, "In due time.  I take it that you're sexually active?"  he asked.

"Who isn't?  I've done it dozens of times."  she boasted, winking slyly at him.

"Ah, that is good to know as I will have to test you for pregnancy and venereal
diseases."  he said, making a notation on his clipboard.

"So then, would you say you are healthy?"

"Oh sure.  Healthy enough.  I don't get sick much."  Trinity replied, snapping
her gum as she spoke.

"Any infections with all the body art?"  he continued.

"Nah, not really.  A little redness that went away in a couple of days.  I heal
fast."

"Any allergies since last time you were checked?"

"Nope."

"Any medical conditions that may not have been listed on your records?"

"Huh?  Oh, you mean like heart murmurs and stuff?  Nah, not me.  Some operation
when I was born or something, but that should be in the records, right?" 

The doctor checked, flipping through several pages on the clipboard.  "Yes,
right here."  "Are you menstruating regularly?" he continued.

"My periods?  Yeah, they are pretty regular now."

"Any cramping?  Breast tenderness or other pains during your period?"

"Sure, not much though.  Want to feel my breasts?"  she asked, thrusting out her
chest.

"Shortly.  I have a few more questions."  he replied.

"How many sexual partners have you had?"

"Ummmm ... let's see .. "  she mused, ticking them off on her fingers.  "I had
my social studies teacher, he was pretty good but then my folks decided to home
school and so I didn't get to see him anymore.  Then there was the man that came
to fix the furnace at home .. he wasn't that good, only wanted me to suck his
cock.  Does that count?"  she asked.

"Yes, that counts."  he replied, making more notations on his pad.

"The best one though was the pastor at my friends church."  she grinned.  "He
was really hot and taught me a lot!"  she tallied up the number, looking
disappointed.  "Shit, only three."

"When did you first have sex with a man?"  he asked.

"Hmmm ... about 3 years ago I guess.  The Pastor dude, you know.  My folks
didn't know I was going there during the week, they aren't into church and hell,
neither am I, but he was hot.  A couple of times me and Mary did him together." 
she giggled slyly.  "He loved that and so did I though Mary was terrified she
was going to hell for doing it!"

"So you began when you were 12?"  he asked.

"Yeah, nearly 13 I think.  I'm advanced for my age."  Trinity grinned.

"Have you had sex with a woman?"

"Sure, well, not a grown up woman, just girls my age or a little older.  You
know, lots of touchy feely stuff, sucking each other's cunts and putting
different things inside our holes to see how it felt.  Nothing as good as a hard
cock though."  she added, moving her hand down between her legs to fondle
herself as she spoke.

"Do you masturbate regularly?"  he asked, watching her antics with amusement.

"Of course!  All the time.  See?"  she said, spreading her labia with her
fingers and then inserting two fingers inside, pumping them in and out.

"Yes, I see."  he replied, again writing on his forms.

"Why all those questions Doc?  I thought this was supposed to be a brain study,
not a sex study."  she asked, her voice a mix of sarcasm and curiosity.

"The brain is actually the most effective sexual organ we have, believe it or
not.  However, this is a brain study and many of the brain's functions are
closely tied to our sexual urges, especially in teenagers.  It's an important
aspect we can't overlook."  he replied.

Trinity nodded.  "Yeah, sure, I get it."

"Would you say you have a happy family life?"  he asked.

Trinity scowled.  "Happy?  Give me a fucking break.  My family is so screwed up
I can 't stand it.  It's how I got here."

"How so?"  he asked with a puzzled frown.

"Well, they don't like me anymore.  They like my sisters better.  Ever since I
got tits and hair started growing everywhere it's like they've been afraid of
me." 

"I'm not sure I understand.  You say that now that you are maturing they don't
pay you as much attention?"  he asked.

"Yes .. no ... not exactly."  Trinity replied, suddenly unwilling to explain her
feelings on the matter.

"It's just that it isn't the same. I know I'm growing up and all, and that I
should be a 'young lady' .. "  she said, stressing the word, "but it's like
they're afraid of me or something and it pisses me off."

"I suppose we can explore that later on.  That feeling is one that some of our
volunteers have expressed."  he noted, rising now.

"Okay then, lie down please." he said, helping her legs into the stirrups and
securing them there with thick leather straps.  He moved her arms so that they
rested on the arms of the table and quickly placed straps over her wrists to
secure them there.

Her eyes widened at being in such a vulnerable position.  "Isn't this a bit
overkill?  This is like from some kinky books I've seen where people get all
tied up and then are helpless while some perverts do disgusting things to them."

He noted the look, "Weren't you looking forward to this part of it?"  he asked
with a smile.

Trinity frowned, "This part of what?  I was looking forward to a pelvic, not
being some ... some ... well, whatever the hell it's called."  she grumbled,
looking nervous now.  "Some of the things I read about didn't sound like fun at
all and I'm no sex slave or anything thing like that.  When I have sex, I'm in
charge!"  she insisted with a scowl.

"It's a regulation of the grant actually, too many volunteers were falling off
and hurting themselves apparently."  he replied dryly.

Trinity scowled, "Falling off and hurting themselves?  Give me a break, that's a
load of bullshit."

"I completely agree, but I am bound by the protocols in the grant regardless." 
he said smoothly.  "Besides, it isn't as if you have much choice.  However, I am
not a pervert and you won't be subjected to kinky play.  I'm just a researcher
working on a very exciting project and sometimes, there just aren't other ways
to get things done that need to get done.  Believe me, I am bound by more rules
and protocols than you can think of when it comes to working with human
subjects.  The entire experiment will be fully recorded and documented, analyzed
by other scientists, sent for review during the process, and inspectors will be
checking to be sure there are no improprieties and so on down the line.  I won't
be able to sneeze without some government official commenting that I didn't
follow proper protocol."  he assured her.

Trinity sighed uncertainly then giggled, "Can I report you if you don't sneeze
right?"

He chuckled.  "You can report me anytime you feel like you aren't being treated
correctly.  I think they will have someone coming in weekly to ask you if
everything is okay and such.  If there's a real problem though, I hope you'll
let me know before you take it up the chain of command.  Dr. Wingate has warned
me that often I overlook the human aspect of doing all this.  I get carried away
by my work and sometimes forget that people need either feedback, or some other
kind of attention from me.  I am in some ways very much the absent minded
professor type, disregarding the wants and needs of my volunteers because I get
so wrapped up in what I'm researching."

Trinity didn't reply right away, then asked, "Recorded?  Like video and audio
and all that?  People will be seeing me, like this maybe?"  she said slowly,
apparently relishing the idea though a bit awed and intimidated by it.

"Yes, of course.  As I said, with human subjects in experiments, everything is
tightly controlled."  He replied absently.

He moved to her head, asking her to open her mouth wide.  He plucked the pink
wad of chewing gum from her mouth and tossed it into the trash.

"I'll put this dental clamp in so that I can take swab samples of the mucous and
examine the piercing more closely for signs of damage or infection." he
explained, inserting a metal clamp into her mouth and forcing it open to it's
widest position.  She grunted as he did so, her jaw aching from being spread so
widely open.

He snapped on a pair of gloves and began examining her mouth.  He took several
swabs worth of mucus samples and then examined the barbell that pierced her
tongue.

"Nice work, clean piercing.  Shouldn't give you any trouble."  he said.

Trinity rolled her eyes and grunted again, unable to speak properly with the
metal clamp holding her mouth open so widely.

"Now I have to take samples from the contents of your stomach.  This will be
rather uncomfortable as I must insert a tube down your esophagus but it should
pass and you'll be fine."  he assured her, snapping open a sterile package and
removing a long clear hose with a special plastic plate at one end that was
shaped to fit the mouth.

Trinity's eyes widened and she began to shake her head back and forth, pulling
at her restraints suddenly.

"Now, now, none of that.  This won't hurt, it will just be uncomfortable for a
brief period."

He tilted her head back so that it tube would be at the proper angle and guided
the hose expertly downwards.  She choked and gagged a bit, but soon overcame it
as the tube was fully inserted.  "Probably should have had an assistant do that,
but we weren't expecting to be able to process you today."  he commented.

He carefully vacuumed a bit of the contents of her stomach and sealed it in a
vial to be sent to the lab.  He then added a funnel to the plate that rested on
her widely stretched mouth and began to pour a liquid into it.

"This is a special compound that will help you evacuate all the material in your
body and relax you a bit for the balance of the procedures."  he explained.

She renewed her struggles but was restrained by his hands, and then more thick
leather straps.

"You mustn't struggle so. See why we need all these straps?"  he admonished
absently, assembling more medical gear for the balance of the examination.

He removed his gloves and snapped on a fresh pair, stepping between her widely
spread legs now.

He noted that a soft blush came to her face as he did so and that her entire
body tensed.

He added some lubricant to the tips of his fingers and began to work his fingers
into her anal opening, slowly stretching her until she was relaxed enough to
allow a thick tube to be inserted securely.  The opaque tube led to a machine
that he now turned on.  It hummed softly and Trinity began to groan deeply, her
face deeply red now.

"This tube will remove all the waste from your bowels while I attend to other
matters."  he said with an absented-minded smile.  "It's good you aren't so
squeamish, that is a relief from other subjects I've had."  he noted, apparently
missing her signs of embarrassment.

He snapped off the gloves again and put on a fresh pair.  He moved to spread her
labia apart and took a good look at her vaginal area.

"Now for that pelvic you were so eager to have."

Trinity again rolled her eyes

He slipped a finger inside, noting that she was indeed no longer a virgin but
was quite lubricated already. He smiled inwardly.

He chose a very large speculum and took his time working the oversized
instrument into her rather petite vaginal opening.  He then slowly opened it,
watching her groan and writhe as the metal forced her tender flesh wide apart so
that he could see inside.

He got a swab and pressed it against her tightly closed cervix, knowing that it
would induce cramping but being quite necessary according to the protocol.  He
watched as her muscles flexed and more groans sounded from her throat despite
the tube implanted there.

"A routine and required pap smear as you haven't had one yet though you have
been sexually active."  he said, swabbing the plates that would be sent to their
lab for analysis.

"Almost done for now.  The rest of the exam will have to take place at Yawla." 
he commented, checking her inner labia, urethral opening, clitoris, and prepuce
for structure and function.

He then inserted a catheter into her urethra and drained her bladder.  "For the
various tests we have to run, including your pregnancy test."

He then removed the catheter and speculum, patting her vulva as he rose.  He
snapped on another pair of gloves and moved a tray of vials and syringes closer.

"Now I just need to fill a few vials with blood so the rest of the tests can be
run."  He moved to her arm and quickly wrapped the thin rubber tubing around her
upper arm and then tapped to find a suitable vein.  "Good veins. That will make
things easier.  Clench your fist a bit ... there ... "  he said as he gently
inserted a catheter to allow him to fill several vials for processing.  He
filled 5 small vials and then released both the rubber strip and the leather
restraint so that he could apply pressure to the site before covering it with a
small bandage.

"There we go, all set."  he said, snapping off his gloves.

"You saved me some time by being clean shaven too.  Excellent."  he added.

He moved to her head once more, carefully removing the stomach tube but leaving
the dental clamp in place.

"Just a few more minutes and you'll be all done.  I'm going to bring these
samples to the lab and then we can get you ready for transport."  he said,
rolling the cart with the various samples out of the room, oblivious to her
grunting complaints about the discomfort of her position.

After dropping them off and ordering her prepared for the trip to Yawla, he made
his way to Dr. Wingate's office.  He tapped lightly on the door and let himself
in and stopped in surprise to see Dr. Wingate on the sofa apparently nursing
from Trinity's mother.

"I'm sorry to have interrupted."  he said with a smile and a nod to Max.

"No problem dear."  Dr. Wingate purred, indicating he should take a seat.  She
reluctantly let go of Jen's breasts and smiled at her husband.

"Both Max and Jen are ideally suited to be a part of our own experiments and
have graciously agreed to spend their vacation, with their other daughters, at
Yawla."  Dr. Wingate informed him.

"Excellent!  We've been hoping for just such an opportunity.  This will be
wonderful."  the doctor exclaimed, obviously pleased at his turn of events.

The doctor smiled at Max, "Was the nursing her idea or yours?"  he asked.

Max smiled broadly, "Mine, but I think they were both just waiting to be asked
in any event."

The doctor smiled, "That is true.  My dear Wina is quite fond of women,
especially lactating ones.  I find it rather fun to watch as well."  He added.

Max nodded, "I so enjoy women doing what nature intended them to.  How was your
interview with Trinity?"

The doctor chuckled, "I quite understand your frustration at her behavior.  She
was quite forward, used horrific language and tried her best to shock me with
sexual innuendo and outright offering herself to me.  She is highly sexually
charged and seems to have developed some interesting issues.  I am not sure of
their source but she was quite open about her sexual experiences.  You knew of
course that she is no longer a virgin?"  he asked.

Max and Jen both nodded, sighing.  "She made no secret of when she lost it.  She
was 12 and decided that she liked seeing a local pastor.  We were somewhat
stunned, and yet, she was already developing and had just started menstruating. 
Knowing what hormones could be like at that age, we made sure that she
understood about having safe sex and to be sure that she was not being coerced
in any way."  Jen explained.

"I was torn between ripping the nuts off the Pastor or just shooting him
outright.  However, he actually contacted me about what happened and we had a
very long talk about Trinity.  He was actually a decent fellow once I got to
know him.  He knew full well I would have killed him had he hurt Trinity.  So,
we thought it early, but even back then she had this rebellious streak that
seemed to come from her sexual development.  It's only when that streak didn't
settle out over time and in fact got worse that we became deeply concerned, and
then this latest debacle with her friend, well, that was the last straw."  Max
added.

The doctor nodded, "Yes, most interesting.  I can imagine that she would have
come home, undressed and plopped herself on the kitchen table to show off her
lack of virginity."

Max nodded, "In fact, it happened just about that way.  She came home flushed
and excited and so I asked her if she was all right.  She was brimming with
excitement, almost hyper and shucked her clothing right there in the living
room, still bloody between the legs and showed me her vagina.  I was concerned
that she had been damaged, but she was very proud of what had happened and how
much she had been used.  There were still drips of the pastors semen oozing out. 
I carefully examined her, cleaned her up and tried to explain the facts of life
once again, but she was totally consumed with her experience and went off to
masturbate before I could make any head way.  I recall she was angry at me when
I brushed aside her invitation to sample her myself and in fact, now that I
think of it, she did make some very rude comments hinting that she had done this
because she wasn't getting what she needed at home.  At the time, I thought it
was an idle remark, or perhaps something the pastor had said to her, but now I'm
not so sure."  Max concluded.

The doctor nodded, raising his brows in surprise.  "Most interesting.  Losing
her virginity in such a way was perhaps meant to make you feel guilty in some
way, or to draw attention to herself in a most shocking way.  I can imagine that
she was quite put out that you took it so calmly though from your own
explanations, she would have had to expect that."

Max nodded.  "We've taught our girls to be open and honest, it shouldn't be a
big deal but perhaps that was the wrong thing to do.  She's sexually so over the
top and can't seem to control herself. I know she's angry about something, but
I've been unable to figure out what she's acting out against.  Did she want us
to punish her for starting so soon?  We've never made sexual relations out to be
a sin of any kind ... just the natural course of events as experienced by
humans.  Of course, I would have preferred she waited but she was genuinely
thrilled by the experience."  Max said slowly, letting the thoughts turn over in
his mind again.

"When you say 'open and honest' what do you mean?"  the doctor asked curiously.

"Well, we don't mind nudity around the house of course.  We answered all their
questions about their bodies, even after they were developing.  They identify
closely with Jen and often compared themselves to her.  They walked in on us at
times as we were having sex and we took that rather calmly and in general terms
explained what we were doing.  When they asked about various sensations they
experienced on their own, we explained masturbation to them.  Just basic stuff,
but Trinity frightens me at times."  Max confessed.

Jen nodded, adding softly, "I sometimes wonder if ... well, our lifestyle
contributed to how she is, but I just can't think of how as we have been
extremely careful in what we do and even where and when.  I can't help being
what I am ... submissive I mean ... and years ago, I guess it wasn't an issue. 
I mean even Lucy Ricardo was spanked by her husband on national television. 
Surely whatever we've done couldn't have negatively affected her?"  Jen glanced
up, her eyes meeting those of both doctors.  "I don't want a justification for
our lifestyle ... but surely .. it didn't cause this?" 

"No Jen, I don't think it did in the way you are thinking.  If anything, perhaps
the opposite is true, but that will be discovered once we do an in-depth
psychological profile on Trinity."  Dr. Wingate assured her.

Max continued,  "As you probably noticed, she makes sexual advances on us though
perhaps they aren't sexual in nature.   She constantly tries to sit in my lap
and wiggles her bottom, knowing full well the effect it has.  She often thrusts
her breasts at me at the same time.  She always tries to get Jen to nurse her as
well.  That kind of behavior is something I expect from a toddler.  She took it
hard when she had to be weaned from Jen's breast and she seems to think we don't
care about her anymore.  She's tried to force herself on her sisters, though I
can't really say force as they are at age where they want to explore and who
better with than their older sister who has so much experience?  I've made sure
that there was no coercion and have let them explore as much as they wanted. 
However, Trinity took that too far with her friend and so she landed in court." 
Max explained wearily.

The doctor nodded, "It may be that she is over stimulated, by the brain itself
and so can't properly control her urges.  There may also be underlying issues
connected to how she perceives her place in the family. I'm sure we can get it
all sorted out once we begin our experiments."  the doctor assured both Max and
Jen.

"If you would finish up my dear, I think we should get going.  I've given
Trinity an exam, a good cleaning so that she can travel and the first dose of
the special dyes that will help us with the multi-electrode and image tracking
of the Xtrypereon morphology.  I've already had her transferred to the plane
that we will be taking to Yawla."  the doctor informed her.

"I don't know when you would be ready to join us?  Perhaps tomorrow?  I can have
an airplane standing by here so that you could join us.  Trinity will be in
surgery the rest of today as we implant the various sensors and devices we need
to track all the neuron activity and so won't really miss you."

Max nodded, "That would be perfect.  We have to talk to our daughters, pack, and
close up the house.  I have already taken off work as we knew this would be a
difficult time in general with Trinity being away.  Hannah and Emma would have
taken that quite hard so I wanted to be there for them. They will be thrilled to
be able to see her, though I will explain about Trinity's surgery and all. They
are sensible girls."

"Excellent.  I'll leave contact information for you with my secretary so that
they can escort you to the plane tomorrow.  I'll have a nice little apartment
set up so that you'll have a comfortable stay with us in Yawla."  the doctor
said, extending his hand to Max.

"It's been a pleasure and welcome aboard."  He said with a smile.

"Thank you for the opportunity.  Your work sounds very exciting and I am
counting on it helping with Trinity's issues.  I'll do whatever I can to help in
the process."

They took their leave of each other -- Max and Jen returning home to their
children to pack, and the doctor and Dr. Wingate to board the plane that would
take them and Trinity to Yawla.

"That went quite well."  Dr. Wingate smiled.

"Yes indeed.  You think they will be right for our project?"  he asked with some
concern.

Dr. Wingate nodded, "Yes, I think they will be splendid actually.  Very good
people, open minds, and quite intelligent which is always a bonus.  This is a
great beginning to our project dear."

"Yes, I suppose so.  They do seem quite reasonable." the doctor agreed.  "Well
then, let us attend to our newest charge and see what we can discover."

Trinity was loaded unto a gurney, and carefully restrained with nylon straps for
the flight.  An IV was given her to keep her both hydrated and sedated so that
she would be ready for the procedures immediately upon their arrival.

"Shall we begin a tape, or wait until later?"  Dr. Wingate asked,  checking
Trinity's vital signs carefully and observing the erect state of her nipples and
the lubrication in her vagina.

"I think we will wait.  Let's get her stabilized and implanted first.  There
will be plenty of time to introduce her to her new world."  the doctor said,
also taking careful note of Trinity's state of arousal.  One of the drugs in the
IV was designed to create a heightened sensitivity to sexual stimuli so that
those signals would be easiest to record and analyze.

The flight passed uneventfully with both doctors absorbed with studying the
protocols and preparing for the first series of experiments.  "Damned
paperwork!"  Dr. Wingate cursed, taking the various forms and carefully filling
them out as the plane made its way to Yawla.

Trinity was taken directly to the operating room while both doctors scrubbed up
and organized their team.

The recorders were turned on and the doctor gave an introductory speech to the
team and the various video and audio equipment required by the terms of the
grant.

"As you know, this is our first volunteer for the R01 Multi-electrode and
Imaging Analysis of Xtrypereon Subcellular Connectvity and Morphology grant." 
he began.

"In an attempt to create a network of cultured cortical neurons for later use
with a computer simulated body it is necessary to first fully identify and
catalogue the changes in neuronal connectivity and morphology.  To build our
database we will implant this subject with a multi-unit electrophysiology and
optical recording with non-destructive 2-photon imaging devices.  Changes in
neuronal connectivity and morphology will be followed on the scale of minutes,
hours and days using our 2-photon laser scanning microscope. Two-photon
microscopy allows extended high-resolution imaging of living cells without
harming them or bleaching the fluorescent label." 

"The subject will at first be introduced to mundane activities and then more
complex interactions will be introduced and recorded and analyzed.  In this in
vitro system capable of behaving and learning, it will be possible to observe
changes in subcellular, cellular, and network properties that underlie learning
and memory. By studying the mechanisms of information processing and storage in
small networks of neurons, models of mental impairment from disease or aging can
be examined with unprecedented detail. Information about how living neural
networks function will promote the creation of more human-like computing
systems."

"Software tools that recognize emergent patterns of network activity will be
developed, and used to trigger distributed patterns of electrical stimulation in
real time. The effects of this sensory-motor feedback loop will be studied at
the millisecond time scale by optical recording using our custom high-speed CCD
camera."  he concluded matter of factly.

"The subject will now be prepared for the implantation of the recording
devices."  he said, nodding for the nurse to begin shaving Trinity's head while
another went to touch up Trinity's vulva.

In minutes, Trinity was completely bald from head to toe.  Her legs were gently
lifted and placed in stirrups and secured.  Her arms were stretched out at her
sides and also secured to boards with several nylon straps.  Last, her head was
immobilized in a specially designed metal head harness that included a special
dental gag to spread open Trinity's mouth so that a stomach tube could be
introduced.  Her eyes were taped shut and the IV reattached.

"We will begin with the 6 cranial sensors and recorders."  he said, making a
neat incision on her bald head.

To be continued ...




Multi-electrode and Imaging Analysis of Xtrypereon Subcellular Connectivity and
Morphology

Chapter 3  Trinity's Implants and the First Test

"These will capture brain wave activity in three ways -- firstly by simply
transmitting standard activity as is traditionally done for bench marking
purposes, secondly, when connected to our high speed CCD imaging will capture
more intricate detail in a format that can be analyzed later and thirdly, can be
used interactively to create sensory-motor feedback loops for additional study."

He worked silently for some time implanting the delicate sensors and
miniaturized imaging chips into the six incisions and quickly sutured them up
leaving many tiny fiber optic strands exposed that looked vaguely like strands
of hair.

He adjusted the brace that secured Trinity's head for the surgery so that her
head was tilted back more to allow easy access to her nose.

"In this part of the procedure I will be placing three more interactive
multi-electrode sensors and transmitters into the sinus cavity of the subject.
This endoscopic surgery will allow safe access to the subject's sinus cavity for
proper placement of the probes so that they do not interfere with normal
functioning of the sinus system, but allow fiber optic receptors to be placed in
key areas of the brain for optimal recording and feedback.  The main
transmitters, due to their relatively large size will be inserted in the
subject's septum."  he spoke, setting up the Instatrak endoscopic unit and
turning on the monitors so that he could guide his probe appropriately up
through Trinity's sinus passages to implant the devices in the sinus cavities, 
closest to the area of the brain where specific signals would originate from.

He worked carefully, using the monitors to guide his probe deeply into her sinus
cavities.  Using several different attachments to the endoscopic unit he
inserted and imbeded the three units relatively quickly.  Once done, he prepared
the main unit that would reside in her septum, carefully piercing her nose for
optimal placement of this unit.  He attached the wires to the unit and finished
up the remaining tasks of testing the signals between the units.

"Here we go, the first series of implants to be tested."  he spoke, attaching
several pads to the thin fiber optics that were left exposed on her scalp and
then attaching another specially constructed lead to the unit in her nose.  The
pads and lead were then connected to the terminals on the BrainMaster 2000 unit
that was the prototype for the entire series of experiments.

He flipped the switch and immediately 5 separate color monitors came to life,
each hooked to a computer configured to register unique bandwidths and to graph
them appropriately based on the function or origin of the signal.  Each monitor
began to show activity immediately indicating that it was tracking and recording
the signals from Trinity's brain.

The doctor smiled, pointing to the monitor labeled 'one'.  "Our control  This
output is identical to full frequency EEG readouts.  The remaining monitors have
been configured for a wide range of frequencies, but also transmit the data that
will combine and chart the changes based on information we will gather from
other procedures.  We are basically sampling brain waves from many more
positions, through a fuller spectrum of activity with a more focused array of
receptors.  With these signals, we can build our database for eventual
stimulation and feedback loops to definitively determine the role of each
pattern of brain waves."

"Now we must place our other receptors that will directly interact with the
brain implants.  These receptor/transmitters receive input from the body and
transmit that to the brain directly, they can also form the balance of the
feedback loop and be directly manipulated bypassing the brain."  He continued,
moving to stand by Trinity's chest now.

"These will implanted through the nipple tissue as it is a highly physically
reactive area of the body that will yield clear brain signals for our purposes. 
Once implanted, they will immediately begin to send data to the brain."  he
said, indicating the small device on a tray that looked very much like a typical
piece of body jewelry.  The device was largish for jewelry, being the equivalent
of a 4 gauge size barbell with pea sized balls at the end.

He snapped on a fresh pair of gloves and began to roll Trinity's nipple between
his fingers to be sure that it was fully erect.  It took only a quick touch to
bring it to a fully erect state and then he clamped it.  He slowly pierced the
flesh and inserted the unique device, capping the ends so that it would remain
in place.  His assistant immediately began to swab the nipple, both cleaning up
the blood and applying an anti-septic ointment.

He repeated the procedure with the other nipple.

He nodded in satisfaction.  "All in place.  Now we move down to the subject's
vaginal area for placement of the remainder of the devices.  This site was
chosen as it is also highly reactive to numerous forms of stimuli which will
give the best signals for study.  The devices will not impede normal activity
and upon completion of the experiment will be removed.  Each device is coated
with a blend of anti-healing ointments so that scar tissue will not form and the
wound will fully close upon the removal of the devices."  he explained, snapping
off his gloves and putting on a fresh pair once more.

"The placement of these particular devices is an experimental one as concerns
the final selection that will be implanted today.  The areas of highest
sensitivity and activity are the clitoris, the cervix, and the anterior region
of the vaginal wall, commonly referred to as the G spot.  These regions however
have a unique disadvantage in that they are not conducive to the actual
implantation of these devices.  In the clitoris, the devices themselves would
likely over stimulate the subject, as would a device attached to the interior
vaginal wall.  The cervix is likely an easier placement, though the subject may
encounter a higher level of pain than is acceptable by the protocol.

He nodded to a technician who was standing near Trinity's head.  "Please
introduce two liters of the Abrin solution into the patient via the stomach
tube."  he instructed, moving his equipment into place between Trinity's legs,
including the endoscope and related attachments.

"The Abrin solution is normally inert and rather lacking in properties, but once
introduced to gastric acids within the stomach produce several effects favorable
for this procedure as well as effects for the experiment at large.  First, it
serves as a way to ensure that the placement of the device via the urethra has
been successful. By the time I finish that procedure the solution will have
worked it's way to the bladder and so I can immediately be sure there is no
blockage.  Secondly, the solution has the interesting property of acting as a
signal enhancer."

"I have come up with an interim solution that will place these devices in the
following locations -- one will be placed beneath the prepuce at the base of the
clitoral shaft rather than through the clitoris itself.  The other will be
placed in the area between the urethra and the vaginal wall quite near the
cervix -- this will be accomplished by using endoscopic surgery through the
urethra.  This location will give us maximum sensation while avoiding the
restrictions of the protocol.  This will require a catheter for the duration of
the experiment, but a catheter is not prohibited by the terms of the grant.  The
last device will be placed internally and sutured directly to the vaginal wall
near the Skene's glands, but not directly placed at the highest concentration of
glands."  he explained for the benefit of his team and the recorders.

He used a specially designed forceps to pull the skin of the clitoral hood back,
exposing both the clit and the location where the tiny device would reside for
the duration of the experiment.

He carefully placed the baby pea-sized device just at the base so that once it
was attached with sutures, the prepuce would cover it as well as covering the
clit.

He worked carefully, placing several stitches and then worked the clit hood back
into place. It was a tight fit and provide a measure of stimulation because of
the proximity, but well within the limits outlined in the protocol.

"I will next place the interior device."  he said, taking a speculum and
inserting it deeply into Trinity's widely spread vagina.  He opened the speculum
to its widest point and adjusted it so that the area of the Skene's glands was
accessible to his device and sutures.  He made a small incision and seated the
device, suturing it in place.  He eyed the cervix, visible now with the subject
spread open so widely.  He contemplated some way of putting the device at it's
opening despite his plans to implant it via the urethra.

Perhaps later on he thought wistfully.  It was a procedure he could do without
other staff present.

"Now for the placement of the final device -- via the urethral opening."  he
said, moving the equipment into place.  He used a spreader bar to spread
Trinity's outer and inner labia wide open, exposing the tiny opening of her
urethra.

He then positioned the endoscopic unit so that he could work his way up the
urethra to a point just before it opened into the bladder.  Once the site was
found, he made a tiny incision through the wall of the urethra and then
carefully moved the probe so that he found the closest location of the cervix
beyond the wall of the tissue.  He carefully implanted the device and sutured it
all in place.

He inserted a catheter and spoke while he waited to be sure that the site was
properly sutured.

"Final phase of preparatory procedures, checking all incisions and units."  he
said, nodding to another technician that had been closely observing the
monitors.

"All within normal parameters doctor."  he said, "Fully functional and gathering
data already, noted as a chemically restrained state with less than 10%
awareness of events."

"Excellent."  the doctor said, opening the valve on the catheter and smiling as
pale urine emerged into the collection bag.

"Looks like we are ready to begin the actual experiments once the subject wakes
and is prepared.  Please meet in the examination room 3 at 8 PM so that we can
begin."  the doctor said, dismissing the staff once they removed the stomach
tube and retractors from Trinity's mouth and vagina.

The technicians and collaborators filed out of the surgery room leaving only
Trinity, the doctor and Dr. Wingate behind.

"That went exceedingly well though we may have to rethink the location of the
clitoral and cervical probes."  Dr. Wingate said thoughtfully, caressing
Trinity's nipples and then moving down to stroke her vulva.

She watched the monitors as she did so, noting the sudden rise in some signal
levels and dips in others.

"This is going to be quite exciting.  We have a window into her brain, we can
know better than she does how she reacts to stimuli!"  Dr. Wingate said,
excitement tingeing her voice now.

"And we can store, analyze and map the data, as well as use it for interesting
feedback loops.  We have complete control over her now." The doctor added,
smiling down at the still sleeping Trinity.

"We should really be sure that everything really works correctly."  Dr. Wingate
suggested hopefully.

He paused before speaking, a smile coming to his lips.  "Quite right Dr.
Wingate, quite right.  We want the 8 PM session to go off flawlessly."  he
agreed.

"The Abrin should be fully in her system now, opening her up to suggestions." 
Dr. Wingate continued.  "So we should see if we can wake her and have her answer
some questions."

"Yes, yes.  Quite right. Then we stimulate her with some images to monitor her
reactions and if there is still time, we should try some direct physical
stimulation."

"Excellent."  Dr. Wingate said, moving to give Trinity the injection that would
counter the sedative.

She covered Trinity's eyes with a thick layer of gauze and sat on a stool right
near her head.

"Trinity?  Wake up dear, you're all ready to begin."  Dr. Wingate said softly,
stroking Trinity's arm and then letting her fingers trail along the side of
Trinity's breast.  She lightly touched the now swollen nipple and the doctor
indicated that the monitors were accurately working.

"Mmmm .. "  Trinity said dreamily.

"Your eyes are covered to protect them from the bright lights as you've just
completed surgery."  Dr. Wingate continued, her voice low and soothing now.

"Hmmmm ... okay."  Trinity replied.

"As you wake more fully, you will feel quite a bit of pain from the surgery, but
we can't give you pain medication as that would skew the results of the tests we
are taking.  It shouldn't be that bad, perhaps just a matter of moving slowly
and carefully, or even better, not moving at all."  Dr. Wingate said gently,
smiling now.

"Hmmmm ... I can do that."  Trinity answered, sounding very much as if she were
drunk.

"How do you feel Trinity?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

"I feel ... fine ... really, really fine.  Had some really good dreams."

"Dreams?  What kind of dreams Trinity?"  Dr. Wingate asked softly, checking to
make sure that the nylon restraining straps were still snugly in place.  She
nodded to her husband so that he would check those still restraining Trinity's
legs in a spread position.

"Hands, lots of hands touching me all over.  Warm and nice.  And just this nice
feeling of being held tight.  Really tight so I can't move. I like that.  I
heard voices but could never figure out what they were saying, but it wasn't a
scary dream."  Trinity said slowly, trying to recapture the feelings evoked by
her dreams.

"That sounds quite nice Trinity.  Perhaps the surgery itself fed those dreams. 
You were handled by many technicians as you were prepped for surgery and of
course, touched during the actual surgery itself.  I happen to be a very
physical person and I believe patients always do better with a human touch." 
Dr. Wingate replied softly, running her hand over Trinity's shoulder, and then
down her arm.

"Surgery ... yeah, I forgot about that."  Trinity said, waking more fully now. 
"I can't move though ... "  she said, tensing against the restraints.

"You are still restrained Trinity so that you don't hurt yourself or the
incisions.  They will hurt a lot less if you remain very still for a day or
two."  Dr. Wingate explained gently.

"Oh ... okay.  I'm too tired to move anyway."  Trinity sighed softly. 

"Now then, tell me more about your dreams.  Not just this one, but other ones. 
What do you like to dream about Trinity?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

"Lots of things really."  Trinity began, trying to collect her thoughts. 
"Mostly stuff that I'm not supposed to be dreaming about I guess."

"Dreams can be anything Trinity, there is no such thing as a dream you aren't
supposed to have.  I had lots of fun dreams when I was your age.  Dreams about
being some heroine that defied pirates and all kinds of evil wrongdoers.  Dreams
about the man I would someday meet and what we would do together.  Dreams about
sex, dreams about men trying to conquer me, only to fail because I was stronger
than them .. not physically, but mentally."  Dr. Wingate smiled.

Trinity managed a small chuckle and then winced.  "Owww ... that wasn't a good
idea.  Everything is starting to hurt ... between my legs and inside .. and my
... uh ... nipples even."  Trinity murmured softly.

"Yes, we implanted our sensors and transmitters in various places on your body,
but the good news is that they really just look like body piercings and they
match the piercings you already have anyway.  You seem to like piercing a lot." 
Dr. Wingate replied.

"Yeah, love them.  Love the pain as the needle goes through ... feeling it
stretch inside and then the pop as the needle breaks through the skin.  It's
such a rush!  I loved doing my cunt lips ... those were fun.  I did a triangle
piercing once myself, but then took it out because it made me so horny all the
time."

"You did all your own piercing?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

"No, the ones on my face I had done by some shop in town.  I just do the ones on
my cunt myself ... sometimes I keep them, sometimes I just do it and let it
close up."

"Why is that Trinity?"

"Oh .. because it feels good and I don't want to be a walking jewelry rack ...
if I kept all my piercings I'd have 20 or 30 hanging all over me.  I was going
to do my nipples anyway because I want rings like mom has, but then all this
shit happened and I didn't get around to it.  Wish I could see what I have now. 
Feels really good ... burning kind of nervy pain .. I like that.  Makes me feel
all ... I don't know .. relaxed somehow ... but sort of makes me horny in a
different way.  Something deep inside feels all energized and tickly, but not
like just diddling with myself .. I don't know how to explain it.  Just makes me
want ... but I don't even know what it is I want."  Trinity tried to shift her
legs a bit.

"Oh ... forgot.  Feels like my legs are spread."  Trinity said softly, a note of
slyness creeping into her voice now.  "You like spread legs?  Isn't my cunt
cute?"  she asked.

"Your cunt is quite cute Trinity and spread wide open so that you don't disturb
the sensors and your incisions.  Do you like feeling spread open Trinity?"  Dr.
Wingate asked softly.

"Yeah .. I kinda do.  The Doc said that this was going to be recorded?  Can I
see it later?  Lots of people will be looking at these tapes?"  Trinity asked, a
small smile coming to her lips.

Dr. Wingate stifled a chuckle.  "Yes Trinity, all the procedures have to be
recorded, both video and sound so that they can be studied.  And if you want to,
you can see it all later.  Not much to see really.  Lots of instruments,
technical jargon and such.  But, I guess there would be very clear images of
your body as the Doc, as you call him, inserted the various sensors and stuff."

Trinity smiled, "That would be cool.  Too bad I was out for it all.  I think it
would have been better to be awake for it all.  Would have been like one of my
dreams where I'm all tied down and the evil scientist does things to me .. but I
never break.  I'm always strong and they're amazed at what I can take ... so
amazed that they just can't believe how strong I am, how clever, how strong
minded.  I always win."

Dr. Wingate smiled.  "Maybe as the experiment progresses we can try something
like that to test what goes on in the brain when faced with extreme pain.  As
you probably know, the body releases endorphins when confronted with pain and
lots of people enjoy pain simply for the sake of the endorphin rush.  Of course,
there are many reasons people like to feel pain."

"Really?  I mean, yeah, I sort of know some people love pain .. but I always
thought it was because they were sick in the head and all.  I mean, what person
in their right mind wants to get beat, or burned or anything that hurts?  In
biology I learned that pain is nature's way of telling us something is wrong ..
it's supposed to protect you, warn you that whatever you're doing is just plain
wrong .. so it seems ... well, wrong to like it."  Trinity said, her voice a
mixture of disdain with a note of longing.

"What you learned is true as far as it goes Trinity.  Pain is very much an
indicator that something is occurring that could be dangerous - putting your
hand to fire would be a bad thing and the pain of the flames nearing your skin
tells you what you can expect if you completed that action.  It is meant to
protect your body - but in this age, where we have conquered much of nature, we
don't rely on pain indicators as much as we did back in our more primal days. 
These days, as leisure time and education have filled our lives, we have begun
to explore many of our more primal reactions and yes, even make a kind of game
from toying with our reactions, blurring the lines between pleasure and pain. 
The brain is quite adaptable and can be easily confused for interesting results. 
That is what my husband and I are both studying - how the brain functions and
how it can be recorded and eventually, even manipulated.  Look back to your own
example Trinity, you like the feeling of a needle piercing your skin.  I know it
can be painful, and yet, you process that reaction as if it were in fact
pleasure.  How is that different from other kinds of pain?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

Trinity didn't reply right away and sighed as she tried to reply.  "I don't know
... yeah, I guess piercing does hurt and I know it hurts, but it just doesn't
really seem that way to me.  It makes me feel good .. and like you said about
those endorphin things, I get a rush after I've done it.  It's just more than a
feeling from my body ... it feels good in my mind .. emotionally maybe.  I'm
always real relaxed after I do it .. but energized somehow .. I ... I feel ..
successful somehow .. I've done something not many people do.  I know .. that
doesn't make much sense I guess." 

"It does make sense actually Trinity.  I have some theories I'll share with you
later that might help you work through this all.  Right now, it would be hard
for you to think about these things because you are still recovering from the
surgery.  But, you were telling me about your dreams."  Dr. Wingate prompted
gently.

"Oh yeah ... my dreams."  Trinity said softly.

Dr. Wingate winked at her husband though he didn't notice as he watched the
monitors and took notes.  She smiled inwardly wondering how any red-blooded male
could be more interested in the readouts than a pretty young woman splayed out
naked before him.  She shook her head softly, knowing that once they finished
for the day, an interesting night was ahead once his sexuality caught up with
what was going on.

She pressed her legs together, knowing that she was quite aroused herself but
relishing the fact that she wouldn't do anything about it for quite some time. 

"Well, I have lots of dreams about dark robed priests of some kind punishing me
for not believing in their religion ... I like that one.  They are all stern
older men ... with strong hands ... and they really believe that I have to like
find God or something ... so they work me over ... trying to make me believe ..
but sometimes it's that I've done something evil like being caught playing with
myself and so I have to get redeemed or something.  Other times though, it's
more like they just want sex, but don't want people to know they are breaking
their vows, so they just kind of pretend that what they are doing isn't sex ...
I mean, they make it look like it's something from some ancient church writings
.. special punishments because I'm so incorrigible .. you know?"  Trinity ended
in a rush, her breathing quickening a bit.

Dr. Wingate smiled, "Yes, I think I understand what you mean.  More like a
corruption of innocence theme?"

"Yeah, I think that's it.  In those dreams, I don't know about what men and
women do with each other and I look to the priests like they are teachers, and I
trust them to make me well ... or to guide me correctly ... and so, I accept
what they do eagerly because I want to be good ... and I don't really know what
they are doing is bad .. even though it always involves things that maybe people
just don't do a lot. I don't know.  Half the time, everything seems so normal,
like everyone does it, and other times, every little thing seems like it's
perverted, you know?"

"What kinds of things seem perverted?"  Dr. Wingate asked curiously.

"Oh .. well ... like the piercings.  But I read up on it and it's been done
going way, way back .. people act like it's just kinky teens doing it today, but
it's been done all around the world since the beginning of time."  Trinity
explained.

"But in my dreams, well, other things happen, not just piercings.  In my dreams,
well, lots of bad things happen. Sometimes I like to imagine embarrassing things
happening to me, or get whipped until I'm screaming, or tied up somehow and
tortured with different things that really hurt ... I even think up weird
machines that do stuff to you.  You know, big things being forced into my cunt
or even my ass ... intense things that make you dizzy and breathless shaky.  So,
I know those things are really evil but I kind of like thinking about them.  So,
it's perverted because ... well, it isn't right and so maybe there is this thing
like Original Sin and all.  I mean, I'm pretty normal in every way ... had a
normal life, but my mind just goes to these dark places anyway.  Maybe that's
what they mean by it.  Maybe there is just something inside some people that
makes them ... well, get perverted ... and sinful .. even though I'm not sure
who I'm sinning against.  Maybe sinning is just doing bad things, even to
yourself?" 

Dr. Wingate chose her words carefully, a slight frown on her face.  "Sin is an
interesting concept that has plagued mankind since the origins of organized
religion.  That Man isn't perfect is a foregone conclusion - it is living life
consciously and making proper choices that eventually moves Man closer to being
perfect - but of course that does depend on what he has chosen as being
'perfect'.  Most don't have a clear idea of what it means to achieve perfection
and so fail for that very reason.  If one wishes to achieve any goal, one has to
have a clear idea of what that goal is.  I personally don't believe there is one
kind of perfection that each person must strive for.  It is very much a personal
choice and it depends on what is important to that person, and what traits are
of interest to that person.  Religion tends to make a 'one size fits all' kind
of perfection and then they go on to say that Man can never achieve such
perfection anyway.  In all the management workshops I've attended in my
lifetime, I can tell you that stating an impossible goal is not very much of a
motivator and in fact, works in reverse to keep everyone at some particular
level of development, without hope of ever achieving more."  Dr. Wingate paused
to take a deep breath.

"In more simple terms, imagine that each and every person on this planet has a
right to live his own life so long as he does not infringe on the rights of any
other person.  That means, at least in this country, that each individual is
free to exist for his own sake, has a right to liberty and the pursuit of
happiness.  As you can guess, our Constitution does not guarantee happiness,
only that you are free to make your own choices to achieve it and not to hurt
another individual in that process.  Whatever you do to yourself, or give
permission for others to do to you is not 'sinful' in that regard.  You have a
right to do as you please, whether it is masturbating 24 hours a day or poking
yourself full of holes because you like piercing.  These acts do not hurt anyone
in the least and you derive enjoyment from them.  The only question that should
be addressed is perhaps why you would enjoy such activities but for most people,
the enjoyment is answer enough.  For me however, that was never enough and it is
exactly those kinds of urges I am interested in studying as I have learned that
things don't happen without some cause.  I've made it my job to understand the
causes of such urges - not because any of these urges are wrong but because they
are often represent quite powerful forces that tend to disrupt people's lives
with feelings of guilt and shame and low self-esteem."

"When some elements of society make their decrees about what they find
acceptable, it is usually only a veiled attempt at enslaving those that might be
different.  It is the uneducated morons who believe that Man must be protected
from their own 'evil' impulses as if every Man were in fact born evil.  And then
there is the matter of what they consider evil. How many years did it take for
masturbation to be understood as something that is healthy?  You may not know
that it used to be considered a sin, and I would suppose that many people still
do despite scientific evidence to the contrary and it only gets worse when you
get deeper into sexual desires such as using pain erotically, or even as a
cleansing of the soul.  Perhaps kinky sex play is seen as a competitor for those
religions promising to save people's souls, eh?"  Dr. Wingate chuckled.

Trinity smiled, "I'm not sure I got all that ... I mean, I think I know what
you're trying to say, but it's like .. well, just words, you know?  Anyone can
say anything and make it seem right.  How do you know what's really right and
really wrong?  All my life I've heard all different kinds of things explained.
And just when I think I understand, somebody else says something different and
it's the opposite of what sounded right before.  It's like there's this ... what
do you call it .. conspiracy ... I used to think it was just grown-ups not
wanting to tell kids what the read deal was .. but I know now that even
grown-ups don't know shit about anything and they say one thing and do another
anyway.  Nobody knows anything for sure so how do I know what to believe?  I
could talk to 50 other people that would tell me piercings, pain, spankings,
playing with myself is totally wrong and sinful and I could find 50 people to
tell me it's okay.  Who do I believe?"

Dr. Wingate chuckled softly, "Now that is a very sophisticated question and one
that is hard to answer directly.  It's what growing up is all about - how to
validate your beliefs, how to measure them against the facts, how to correlate
them with reality and choose accordingly.  I can't tell you that in just a few
sentences.  But what I can do is explore the kinds urges you have and perhaps
suggest where they might come from and tell you a bit about what they do for you
and why."

"For example, do you believe that homosexual activities are sinful?"  Dr.
Wingate asked.

"Two guys or two girls doing it together?  No, I don't think there's anything
wrong with that ... I think.  I know some people don't like ... but it doesn't
seem sinful to me."  Trinity replied.

"Now why do you believe that it isn't sinful?"  Dr. Wingate continued.

"Well ... I guess ... if that's what they want to do, it should be okay. Like
what you said about the Constitution and all .. they just want to be happy and
it's kind of fun having sex with different people .. I mean, sometimes I like
playing with girls, sometimes I want a man ... both are fun .. right?"  Trinity
asked, sounding uncertain now.

"Yes, exactly right Trinity."  Dr. Wingate said, brushing the tip of her finger
gently across Trinity's nipple and letting it softly trail to her other nipple.

Trinity gasped softly.  "Mmmmm ... that feels nice ... it's so soft feeling ..
and it kind of ... blends with the deep nervy pain there .. "  she murmured
softly.

"But does it make it right just because we both believe it's right?  How do we
know for sure?"  Dr. Wingate prompted, moving her finger slowly down Trinity's
abdomen, enjoying the soft intake of breath and the sudden goosebumps that
appeared on her skin.

"Well .. it's not hurting anyone .. ahhhh .. "  Trinity sighed softly, arching
her back as much as the restraints would allow.  "That is really making me feel
horny .... "  she whispered.

"Do you want me to stop?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

"What a question .. it's just that usually, older people don't want anything to
do with me.  Sometimes I'll tell someone I'm older, because I look it ... and
then they're okay with it.  But usually, they just ignore me  .. and you know
how old I am .. so I'm surprised that .. well, you know .. that you find me
interesting like that ... "  Trinity stammered.

Dr. Wingate moved her hand so that it rested on Trinity's arm and smiled.

"You are a very attractive young woman as I'm sure you know.  I went through the
same thing you did and despised the men that wouldn't have me.  Of course, it
wasn't until I was a bit older that I realized that men were afraid of me only
because there are laws everywhere that say a woman under 18 can't be had by a
man.  They call it statutory rape and it believe me, a man rarely wants to risk
the consequences of bedding a woman who is under legal age.  Yes, it happens,
and quite often, but most men weigh the risks carefully and generally decide
that over 18 is much safer, legally speaking."  Dr. Wingate explained.

"But that's just so unfair!"  Trinity exclaimed in frustration.  "I know all
that but where are the men with the balls to fuck a woman that wants it and
needs it?  I don't want to be fucked by some dumb kid my own age.  They don't
know crap about how to do it and they're boring.

Dr. Wingate chuckled, "Yes, I know exactly what you mean.  When I was 15 I
passed myself off as 18 and found a wonderful older man to take me.  My
girlfriends had told me about what they did with their boyfriends in the car, or
somewhere in the woods and that just wasn't for me!  When I did it, I did it in
a luxury hotel room with room service and a wonderful man that really, really
knew what he was all about."

Dr. Wingate smiled as she recalled the events and quickly got back to the
subject.

"All that aside though, let's get back to the dreams you like to have.  You've
mentioned that you like religious fantasies, and of course, the evil scientist
scenario.  Are there others?" 

"Well, those are my favorites I think.  Sometimes though I do like the Victorian
kind of fantasy ... you know, a young woman goes to work for the lord of the
manor not knowing that he is very, very strict, and expects her to be perfectly
dressed, perfectly mannered and all that kind of thing.  Back in the old days,
women didn't have any rights and men just kind of owned them so they could make
the women have sex whenever they wanted to and didn't have to answer to anyone. 
But I only think about that sometimes because mostly I know it must have been an
awful time for women because the men back then were probably not nice like they
are today .. they didn't have to be."  Trinity concluded.

Dr. Wingate nodded, "Yes, quite right.  I think men and women are still trying
to figure out what to do with each other now that they seen as equal at least in
the legal sense.  Can you describe to me your favorite fantasy?"

Trinity smiled softly, "Sure ... it would be nice to kind of float and imagine
... "  she mused softly.  "Give me a minute to decide and work it up a bit .. "

"Take all the time you need dear."  Dr. Wingate replied softly, rising from her
seat next to Trinity and touching her husband's shoulder lightly.

She nodded at him and mouthed the words "Pay attention now!".

He smiled and nodded, indicating that the recording has been going extremely
well, pointing out several peaks and valleys in the data.  He gave her a thumbs
up and she returned to Trinity's side, letting her hand trail over Trinity's
abdomen and lightly circled each of her breasts before taking her seat.

Trinity gasped softly at the touch and smiled.  "My favorite, favorite fantasy
takes place .. "  she grinned broadly for a moment before continuing, "in a
mental institution of all places.  You see, my Dad is a super secret agent
working for the government and somehow, the enemy found out he had a daughter
and so they kidnapped me and hid me away in some private institution in some
foreign country where no one asks questions and where of course, they speak a
different language that I don't.  There's no one I can tell about what is going
on, they think I'm loony anyway and the evil doctor there wants me to reveal
where my father goes, his hangouts, where he might hide."

"So, even though the institution is a real and normal place, this evil doctor
uses the facilities there to interrogate me all the time.  ..."

-=-=-=-=

"Just so you now, there is no escape from here.  In this country, they view
mentally ill people as lower than lepers, especially violent ones like you. 
I've briefed them fully on what violence you are capable off, due to a tragic
and inoperable tumor that is incurable.  What you will find here is no mercy, no
assistance and least of all, any understanding.  You are viewed as a wild animal
that must be contained."  the man said.

I tried to keep calm as the evil man made this pronouncement. I wanted nothing
more than to scratch his eyes out, to kick, scream, tear at him in some way.  I
could literally feel my blood boiling at the injustice of it all, but I knew
that there was more at stake in this than just my feelings.  They needed
information about my father, and I was damned if I was going to give it to them. 
I took several deep breaths, trying to sound calm as I addressed the man, amazed
that someone so handsome could be capable of such evil.

"No wonder you chose this place, it suits your own nature, doesn't it?"  I
asked, my heart pounding even more in my chest now.

The man chuckled, "Yes indeed.  And very soon now you will understand just what
I am capable of."

"Whatever.  I won't cooperate no matter what you do to me.  You're messing with
the wrong girl here."  I retorted.

"I'll come see you again after you've been processed and we'll see how
cooperative you can be."  He said, rising now and exiting the room without a
backward glance.

The next hour or two went by in a blur.  I tried to pretend it was happening to
someone else.  Hands everywhere, touching, pulling, hurting with no thought as
to what I might be feeling.  They scrubbed me with bristle brushes while I was
suspended by my wrists, my feet barely able to get on solid ground.  I felt so
helplessly exposed as they invaded my most intimate places so clinically.  They
cleaned me out inside as well and it was the most humiliating experience of my
life. I tried to focus on why I was here though, knowing that they wouldn't get
any information out of me, no matter what they did.  I tried to remember that
everyone has intimate places, it's nothing they haven't seen before, but it's
hard to remember that when it's your own body they are handling so rudely with
no care about how I might feel. I wondered if all the patients got treated that
way here.  There was no hatred in their acts, only duty it seemed.  I almost
wished one of the orderlies would at least show some interest in my body, a
whistle, a leer, something to indicate that I was a healthy and pretty good
looking young woman. But they didn't.

Soon enough, I was very tightly strapped onto a narrow hospital type bed with
side rails that could be moved to different heights.  I thought it almost looked
like a babies crib, but the metal bars and the attachments on the side spoiled
the look.  The thick nylon straps pinned my arms at my sides and separate straps
held down my thighs so that my legs were parted but not fully spread.  Two even
thicker straps were secured over my abdomen, one above my breasts and one below. 
Another thick strap was tightened over my hips.  The only thing I could move was
my head and my fingers and toes.  The straps dug into my flesh.  A thin white
sheet was then draped over my naked body and they finally left the room.

I'm not sure how much time went by as I waited for the doctor to come back.  I
tried to keep telling myself that I was doing something important, that I had to
resist whatever it was they might do to me.  For Daddy.  I wasn't going to let
my weakness get him hurt by these evil people.  Over and over I told myself
that.

"Well now, there you are, all clean and ready for the doctor."  his voice came
to me suddenly.  My eyes flew open, had I fallen asleep?  I hadn't heard him
enter the room.  An orderly wheeled in a cart behind the doctor and then left
the room.

The doctor moved a chair closer to my bed and pulled the cart closer.  "What
would a doctor be without his tools?"  he asked rhetorically as he uncovered the
cart to reveal an array of tools and syringes and vials of liquid.  He snapped
on a pair of latex gloves, smoothing them down for a perfect fit. 

"As you probably know, I could use some variant of a truth serum, but seriously,
they don't work all that well.  I prefer the old fashioned approach."  He
smiled, lifting a syringe from the cart and selecting an 18 gauge needle for it.

"This should be a good start."  he said as he then selected a vial with a clear,
almost yellowish liquid inside to fill the syringe with.  "I like the long
needles, don't you?"  he asked.

I watched as he filled the syringe.  The needle was longer than any one I had
ever seen at a doctor's office but I couldn't figure out what he was filling it
with if it wasn't truth serum.  I wasn't going to ask either.  I tensed my leg,
thinking he would inject whatever it was into my thigh as my bottom was
unavailable.

I couldn't help but watch his hands as he began to move towards me.  Stunned, I
watched as he plucked the sheet from me and moved to grasp my breast.  I wanted
to scream suddenly as I realized that he intended to give me a shot in my breast
of all places, but I couldn't.  I kept watching, seeing his hand roughly grab my
nipple and pull it up.  Then my eyes were on the needle as it moved closer and
closer.  I don't know if he moved slowly, or if it was just time slowing down in
my own mind.  I felt the sensation as the needle touched my flesh, a kind of
sting that immediately made my eyes water a little.  I watched helplessly as the
needle entered my breast, right where the pink part of the nipple meets the rest
of the breast. 

I gasped, biting my lip and grinding my teeth as the needle pressed more deeply
into my flesh and suddenly felt or heard a little pop as the needle actually
punctured my skin.  Then a weird pulling, stingy nervy sensation as he pushed it
in deeper.  Tears were rolling from my eyes at the intense feeling of the needle
going into my skin, but I refused to cry out.  I started breathing hard, trying
to make the pain go away or at least figure out if worse was to come.  It was
getting incredibly intense now and I gasped again as he began to force the
solution into my breast.

I scrunched my eyes closed, fighting the heavy straps that held me down.  Now I
knew why there were so many. 

"Now then Trinity darling, do you have anything to say to me?"  he asked gently,
as if we were having a conversation over dinner.

I shook my head, not even wanting to give him the satisfaction of an answer.

"Yes, I thought it might be too soon to gain your cooperation."

I felt another prick on the same breast, and again that burning, nervy pain that
seemed to affect me deep inside somewhere.  I was beginning to sweat ... no ..
.perspire.  Women don't sweat, they perspire I reminded myself, unable to keep
from struggling against the tight bands of nylon holding me down so securely.

Again and again I felt the sting and burn as I gasped and struggled, feeling
lightheaded now.  What was in that stuff?

"Now then my dear Trinity.  You are such a fetching young woman, I would hate to
have to disfigure you too much. You have your whole life ahead of you."  he said
softly.

I shook my head, wishing he would stop speaking to me.  I was beginning to find
a way to keep some of the pain away, but his words interrupted me.

I felt his latex covered hands on my breasts, but differently than when he was
getting ready to give me a shot.  I refused to open my eyes but couldn't help it
when I felt an intense burning sensation and then an odd pulling.  It took my
breath away and when I saw the scalpel I screamed.

He was cutting my breast!  Blood began to flow from a long cut across the top of
my breast.

"Yes, I thought that might get your attention Trinity.  Perhaps you have
something to say to me now?"  he asked softly.

I screamed again, unable to help myself. 

"I was hoping for something more coherent than that."

I shook my head, biting my lips so that I wouldn't speak.  Daddy!  Oh God Daddy
where are you?  I can't do this ... I can't .. they're cutting me up!  I tried
so hard to remember that I had to save him .. couldn't give them the
information. 

I felt his latex covered hands move on my other breast and screamed before I
even felt the scalpel split my flesh again.  I thrashed against the straps,
tears rolling from my eyes.  No!! No!!

"Now, now Trinity.  It's not really so bad.  A bit of blood, nice clean lines
cut into your lovely breasts.  Did you get to see how nice and puffy your
aurelos are now?  I injected them so that they are nice and puffy, I happen to
prefer that style of nipple.  Maybe I'll have to make that something more
permanent on you.  Wouldn't you prefer those kinds of nipples?" 

I screamed again and shook my head, more afraid now than I've ever been in my
life.  It wasn't supposed to be this way.  This man was evil!  He liked what he
was doing!  I felt myself begin to tremble, unable to control the way my heart
was pounding, how afraid I was of what was to come.  I could just tell him ...
that would be okay ... wouldn't it?  No!  No! 

"I'm a patient man Trinity, and I have lots of plans for you.  Your body will be
my canvas and ultimately, I will control every aspect of it.  Imagine that in
about 2 weeks, I can completely change your reactions so that you will only
respond to me.  I can let you go and you will never enjoy another man touching
you.  Of course, what man would touch you with all the new scars you will have,
eh?"

I tried to shut out his words, trying to find a place inside my own mind that
would make him go away.  His hands moved over my body again, the feeling of the
gloves so odd ... and .. I shut those thoughts away.  I didn't want his hands on
me and tensed, knowing something else was about to happen.

I felt the same burning cut but this time across my pubic bone.  They had shaved
my pubic hair off but somehow I could feel it when the scalpel cut into the hair
follicles or something.  It hurt worse than when he cut my breasts and I
couldn't help but scream again and again.  I have to be stronger .. I have to be
stronger ... he's killing me!

I heard something clanking on the bed ... I didn't want to open my eyes, but had
to.  He was adjusting the bed so that my head was lowered a bit and my hips
raised.  The section of bed beneath my legs slid away, and the boards that my
thighs were strapped to moved apart, pinching my skin horribly as it slowly slid
so that my legs were widely spread.  He moved his chair to sit between my spread
legs, smiling at me as he did so.

I closed my eyes tightly, tensing for what was to come.

"I notice that your inner labia are protruding slightly from your outer labia. 
That is a medical condition I can correct free of charge.  In fact, it would be
my pleasure to trim them properly so that they don't later interfere with sexual
activities."

I couldn't believe my ears, I wanted to shut it all away.  I felt his hands
tugging at my sex, his latex covered fingers entering me.

"Ah, so you are a virgin.  I am stunned.  I've heard it said that most American
girls lose this quite young in life.  But you're such a good little girl, aren't
you?  Saving your virginity for some very special man I'll bet.  Well Trinity, I
am a very special man and I'm not impressed by virgins.  I prefer experienced
women and I'll be happy to provide that experience for you."

"Shall I adjust the mirrors so that you can watch as I take your virginity?  Or
will watching it on video later be enough for you?"  he asked.

Daddy!!!  Daddy!!!  I wished with all my might that he could somehow know what a
terrible place I was in. 

"Please ... please ... "  I gasped, not even knowing what I was begging for. 
"Please don't do this ... "

"Trinity darling, you know what I want.  Nothing less than the locations where
we might find your father will do.  Whatever I do to you is in your own control. 
It's your choice."  He replied reasonably.

"You lying sack of shit!"  I screamed, hating his voice, his hands touching me,
cutting me, probing me.

"It's not my choice!  You're doing it!  How dare you even say such a thing!"  I
screamed at him, knowing for the first time what a true hateful rage was.  I
yanked hard against the restraints and felt the bed move a bit with my efforts. 
I kept at it, seeing that it was having some effect.

"Yes, yes, you may struggle if you choose to do so.  It won't affect the
outcome."  he said just as I felt a hard pinch somewhere between my legs.  I
stopped struggling, heaving and out of breath.

"Since you've chosen not to have the mirrors placed, I'll just describe the
changes I'm making to your vulva."  he commented, lifting another tool from the
cart.

"I've set this spreader so that I can easily have access to your inner labia. 
I've clamped off the one side and will now clamp the other so that I can excise
the excess material.  There'll be some blood, but not too much and then I will
cauterize the incisions before moving on to the next procedure which is to
surgically remove that pesky little hymen.  I could of course just force my
fingers inside you to break it, but neatness counts.  I don't want a nasty old
torn hymen, I want a nicely cut hymen for perfect symmetry."

-=-=-=-

Dr. Wingate couldn't help her own state of arousal as Trinity shared her most
intimate fantasy.  She glanced at her husband who was completely absorbed in
watching the readouts.  He turned as the signals dipped a bit, a question in his
eyes.

Dr. Wingate shrugged and smiled, "Trinity dear, please go on."  she prompted
softly.

To be continued ....




Multi-electrode and Imaging Analysis ... part 4

Note:  I wanted to thank the wonderful people that took the time to comment on
the first part of this series and apologize for the delay in getting out
subsequent chapters.  Real life has a habit of intruding at times and so I was
unable to work on this for quite some time.  I appreciate the many positive
emails I received!

Trinity's Tale

"Well, there isn't much more really, I just kind of well, replay those things,
trying to think of other evil things he could do."  Trinity replied softly. 
"It's hard to think of evil things he can do that aren't too horrible.  I don't
really like horrible nasty stuff, just needles and cutting and spankings I
guess."

"You know ...doctor ... "  Trinity began, suddenly conscious of how aroused she
was feeling as she shared her most intimate fantasy with the doctor.  "You're so
easy to talk to ..I've never told anyone this before you know?  And sometimes,
sometimes I just wish that I could really feel what's in my fantasy ... this
time though, it kind of does .. maybe because of the surgery or something.  I
love thinking about needles and cutting and being brave to save someone.  It
gets me hornier than thinking about just having sex.  I mean, sex is fun and all
.. but it's this stuff that makes it fun, thinking about this stuff while I'm
doing it .. pretending that it's the evil doctor fucking me instead of whoever
it is.  Like that time with the Pastor.  I think he sort of knew that bad things
turn me on and him being a priest and all made it great because it was sort of
like one of my other fantasies.  I could pretend that he was trying to make me
'good' or punishing me for being bad."  Trinity confided softly.

"Yes, fantasy is a very important part of sexuality.  When all is said and done,
straight sex is fun, but it does seem to be purely physical while fantasy is the
mental aspect that makes the physical even more exciting."  Dr. Wingate agreed.

"You know doc, I was kind of hoping that this experiment really was like one of
those kinky stories I've read on the Internet."  Trinity continued with a small
smile.  "I told the other doc, your husband I guess, that I wasn't looking for
that ... but I really was.  He just ignored me though and did his stuff.  Said
that he couldn't do all that stuff because of all the rules and protocols or
something like that.  But you know, this would be so cool ... I really wish I
was awake for all the stuff you guys did.  I could have taken it .. I think.  It
all kind of hurts now, but it's a good hurt, or a hurt I like.  Am I really sick
for saying that?"  Trinity asked.

"No Trinity, you aren't sick for being honest.  It's a good thing to understand
what you like and if you are interested, we can discover why you like it.  You
aren't alone, as I'm sure you've realized if you've been on the Net as much as
you are saying.  Many people have these urges and they act on them.  As long as
everyone agrees to what is going on, there's no harm in it most of the time."

"Yeah, but I never know what to believe on the Internet.  Most of it is probably
bullshit and some stories I read that said they were supposedly true, just don't
seem believable."

Dr. Wingate chuckled, "Well, if you had to explain your experiences today, how
would it sound?  Can you tell me what you were feeling once your parents told
you that you were accepted for this program?"

Trinity smiled, "Well, I guess it really wouldn't be believable, would it?  The
weird thing is most stories are about the women hating what's happening, or they
do really crass things that don't seem fun to me.  But yeah, I can tell you how
I felt ... I should do like a diary thing for this, shouldn't I?"  Trinity
asked.

"You could do that, it might be helpful as we evaluate all the results."  Dr.
Wingate replied with a smile.

"Okay, so well .. let's see.  Where did you want me to start?  Just in the
office, when Mom and Dad signed the papers and all?"

"That would be fine."

"Well, I was pissed anyway because we had to get up early to get here.  I hate
getting up early.  But I figured well, it was better than getting arrested and
being sent to Juvenile Hall.  It's just that I'm so mad at them, they won't
understand anything I say or do.  Everything is changed from how it used to be. 
I used to be able to sit in Daddy's lap, I used to be able to take a shower with
him or cuddle up with him but now I can't anymore.  If growing up is going to be
like this, then I won't grow up!"  Trinity exclaimed, her anger rising suddenly.

"How should things be different Trinity?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

Trinity sighed, "That's what's so bad ... I don't know because it's like what I
want is ... what do they call it, taboo?  Or incest or something.  Either way,
it's not allowed and people think it's sick, so I must be sick too.  Who made up
all these stupid rules anyway?  What's wrong with wanting your dad to like you
and touch you?  Or your mom too?  Why can't we all just be the way we were a
couple of years ago?"  Trinity complained.  "Yeah, I know ... because now I'm a
young woman and I shouldn't be thinking like that. "

Dr. Wingate nodded, "It is rather common for young women to want to appeal to
their fathers.  Fathers are key figures in their lives in many ways and
throughout the rest of her life, she will consciously or subconsciously compare
all men to her father.  Or compare them to some image she has created of her
father - not always the same thing."

"Really?  I mean, lots of women want to make it with their dad?  I mean, to like
.. fuck him too?  To maybe have their own virginity taken by him ... learn about
sex from him?"  Trinity asked, confused now.  "But it's still not acceptable is
it?  I mean, you'd either go to jail or have to see a shrink."

"Sadly, that is true.  It is not accepted by society and that taboo probably
dates from the times when information about genetics was not readily available
and the biggest fear was of the girl getting pregnant and giving birth to a
defective child. Today of course, we have effective methods of birth control and
don't need to fear accidental conception.  Unfortunately, psychology is still in
the Dark Ages in our current culture and so not much has been researched about
whether or not it is healthy to hold these feelings for parents in any
combination.  However, one would think that because so many are deeply
interested in being sexually active with a parental figure, there would be more
research into the subject, but that isn't the case.  This is an area that my
husband is keenly interested in though."  Dr. Wingate smiled.

"So then, you were going to detail what you felt today, what you expected, what
emotions were running through your head, what you wanted ... "  Dr. Wingate
prompted.

"Oh yeah ... got sidetracked.  But you know, I really do wish that Daddy would
touch me, tell me how pretty I am, and yeah ... that we could do stuff together. 
I know he gets hardons when he sees me, especially when I dress to show off my
tits or my ass.  So why can't he just teach me and show me everything or at
least tell me once in a while that I'm growing up to be a fine young woman or
something?  And Mom, why can't she let me have milk either?  The best times I
remember were when I was drinking her warm sweet milk.  It felt so good, all
cuddly and comfy.  I can't wait till I have a baby.  I'll let my baby nurse as
long as they want.  Yeah .. I know .. what I felt ... "  Trinity interrupted
herself, trying to focus on her feelings earlier today.

-=-=-=-

The shorts were cutting into my cunt as I sat down and it felt really good, but
got me mad all over again.  I knew Daddy could see my cunt lips and that my
piercing was showing because the shorts were so short.  I wore that top because
I knew everyone could see my tits and I wanted people to be horny.  I guess that
makes me a slut, but I like it when people get embarrassed, or horny or
embarrassed because I made them horny.  It's like a power trip ... but it never
works on Mom and Dad.  So I just try harder.  Dammit, I want Mom's tits in my
mouth and yeah, even Daddy's cock in my mouth too.  Or in my cunt, or in my ass. 
Now they're sending me away to some experiment.  Shit!

But maybe there I can find someone interested in playing around.  I can always
pretend it's someone else anyway.  Yeah ... maybe some nice doctor that looks a
little like Dad.  Big cock ... maybe he would tie me down a bit .. spank my
bottom for being such a tart.  He'd have to use a word like 'tart' instead of
slut. He'd be old fashioned and would punish me for using words like tits, ass,
cock and all that.  So I'd use those words all the time and he would spank me
and say a proper lady doesn't say those words.  That I should say sex, and
manhood, and breasts and vagina or something.  Like in those funky romance
books.

When I went into the office, I sat on Daddy's lap and teased him with my tits,
pressing them right in his face.  The doctor gave me this look, but it was more
amused than angry or shocked.  He wasn't bad looking either.  I mean, a bit
older than Daddy, but still nice looking.  Nice hands too.  I always notice
hands.

But he was ignoring me too.  Like what does it take to get someone's attention
anyway?!

Then I guess I was pretty rude, but didn't care at that point.  I was tired of
being ignored and so I grabbed my Mom's dress and pulled it, wanting to
embarrass her in front of the doctor. I mean, she's not a prude, is always naked
at home ... but in front of a doctor like that, well, I thought she deserved it.

I was shocked when Daddy hauled me over his lap and actually spanked me right
there in front of the doctor.  He hasn't done that since I was 12, after I
showed him that I wasn't a virgin anymore.

I snuck a look at the doc, and I think he liked what he was seeing.  I wondered
how horny he was.  Maybe I'd get to find out real soon.  I knew I was pretty,
and really, how many men can resist a hot tight cunt if it's available?  Well,
okay, my Dad doesn't count.  I'd swear he was impotent, but I hear him and Mom
doing it all the time.  I can even sneak a peek sometimes if they do it in the
den.

I about shit when I got to the exam room.  It was awesome!  The exam bench or
whatever it's called was awesome, like something out of one of my dreams!  Big
braces or whatever to hold your knees spread really wide.  Lots of stainless
steel, straps everywhere!

My heart began to pound, I was so excited.  I didn't waste time shucking my
shorts, and spreading my legs.  I swear I wanted to beg the doc to do things to
me, make me good or something.  Punish me?  I don't know.  I just know that I
wanted to be on that exam table and all tied up and have him do things to me I
never thought of before.  It's hard sometimes to come up with new ideas of stuff
that could happen.  I read a lot, but most of the stories are so lame.  But this
office, this doctor .. maybe something exciting would happen here.

Would it be so awful to admit to him that I wanted him to do stuff?  Shit, that
would be just too embarrassing.

He started asking me questions about sex.  I answered and was getting all horny
as he did.  Please, oh when oh when do I get my pelvic?  That's all I wanted. 
Maybe a shot or two like in my fantasies.  Being tied down would be cool.  Maybe
some embarrassing procedure?  Maybe something up my ass.  God, I loved it when
my doctor did that, but she did it quick and only did it that one time for my
full physical.  I wanted her to do more.

Maybe he would make me pee in a cup in front of him instead of sending me to the
bathroom to do it?  Definitely a shot though.  Don't they have diseases in the
dessert you need shots for?

I about came when he said, "Okay then, lie down please."  And then he put all
these straps over me with my legs spread wide.  To cover up, I made some
comments about isn't this kind of strange and all that but I had hope now that
maybe this guy would do something incredibly awesome to me.  He told me about
these protocol things, that he had to follow some damned rules and that if he
didn't sneeze right the government would be on his case.  I was thinking that
really sucked big time and maybe I wasn't going to have a good time when he told
me that he had to record all the stuff he was doing to me.  Video, audio, the
works.  Oh man!  I wanted to see all the videos!  Knowing that I was going to be
recorded made me even hornier.  All these uptight doctors and researchers would
be looking at my cunt, my tits, and whatever else they were going to do.  I
wanted to laugh because this was going to be so much fun!  Those damned
scientists probably never get laid and I was going to make sure that they at
least got an eyefull.

Then he says he's going to put this dental clamp thing in my mouth to take some
samples.

I'd never really known what it would like to be gagged. I mean, sure, I would
tie a scarf around my mouth or stuff some fabric inside to pretend I'm gagged,
but this thing was evil.  Deliciously evil. It pulled my mouth open so wide it
hurt my jaw and I couldn't move any part of my mouth, except my tongue.  This
baby was on tight and hard.

I think he liked my tongue piercing though.  Maybe he wondered how it would feel
on his cock?  I was hoping that was what he was thinking.  Maybe he would force
his cock into my mouth now? 

He didn't though.  But it was almost as good when he stuck this tube thing down
my throat.  It made me gag just like a cock does sometimes and it was so cool to
be totally helpless as he put it in my throat.  This was just like one of my
fantasies!

Of course, I had to make it seem like I was struggling.  All good girls are
supposed to struggle so I did a little bit, hoping that I wouldn't come too
soon.  I mean, what kind of slut would I be if I liked this kind of thing?  But
all my life I had dreams of being helpless while some man did things to me.  I
don't know why, but it was exciting, really, really exciting.

And then he said that he was going to give me some stuff to clean me out.  I
couldn't follow all his words, but it sounded good and I felt this liquid kind
of slosh into my stomach.  I struggled some, loving the feeling of the straps
digging into my skin.  I guess he thought I might get away because he put more
straps on me!  I was even more excited then.  God, I can't believe what a slut I
am.  I love this kind of stuff and maybe it would be better if I didn't.  Men
sure seemed to like it better if the girl was struggling and crying.  At least
in the stories they did since most of them had that in it.  Or else it would be
the other way around with the men doing really gross things and the girl
supposedly liking it.  Yuck!

Anyway, then he FINALLY moved to stand between my legs.  I would have come if he
touched my clit just then.  I was so hot and excited and suddenly, I did feel
kind of shy and I know I blushed because I was thinking what if he really knew
how turned on I was by him standing between my legs, my cunt all open, helpless? 
He could probably see that I was wet and swollen down there.  That would have
been embarrassing!  But what he did next was kind of embarrassing though.  He
stuck his gloved fingers in my ass!

I wanted to squeal and oh man I wanted to touch myself and have a climax right
then.  When my doctor did it, she was just kind of quick about it and I sure as
hell wasn't tied up like this.  It was just different, she only stuck in one
finger and that was that.  But he used lots of cold feeling stuff and kept
digging around back there, spreading my ass open.  Then he put in this big tube
that hurt going in. Not bad hurt, but enough to make me take notice and squirm
around a bit.  I mean, I was filled back there and it was making me feel all
tingly inside, different than when my cunt tingles though.  I felt so open, so
.... I can't even describe it.  Like my insides wanted to crawl out or
something, but all nervy and tingly too, like I was going to come ... but there
was no place for me to come.

Just as I was getting used to that, he joked it was time for that pelvic I'd
been waiting for.

He used a really big speculum, but it felt so cool to be opened like that. I was
afraid I was going to pee on him or something because I felt this odd feeling
deep inside that felt sort of like I had to.  He swabbed my cervix and that
wasn't so bad.  I kind of like it when that happens though it's only happened
one other time.  My doctor did the same, but didn't use a big speculum and she
did it really quick too.  He took his time and I was loving it, but something
about the speculum being there made it so that I couldn't quite come.  I was
getting a bit frustrated because everything was feeling so hot and full down
there that I wanted to come .. to get rid of all that pent up feeling there.

Then he did something really cool that I'd only read about.  He put this tube
thing right in my pee hole!  It felt so weird, because it seems like you are
peeing, but the tube gets it all I suppose and it tickles way deep inside.  It
was sort of embarrassing because I wasn't sure if I was really peeing or not,
but man, I'll do that again any time!

Then he did the next favorite thing, he took some blood.  I always loved it when
they had to take blood.  I love the feel of the needle going in and he wanted to
fill five of those little bottles with it.  They were small, but hell, 5 of
them!  I watched as the needle went into my vein and just enjoyed myself,
wondering what was going to happen next.

I knew he left the room after saying something, but I was beginning to feel kind
of fuzzy.  My ass was feeling weird with that tube in it and I think it was
like, emptying me out back there.  In a way, it's nice knowing that you'll be
totally clean inside ... that maybe if you are clean inside, you'll be clean too
.. like in your mind?  I know that isn't true, but being clean always makes me
feel good.

I must have fallen asleep, but oh man what dreams I had.  Hands all over,
invading and violating me.  Impersonal but warm, latex covered hands touching me
everywhere.  And of course the needles, scalpels and other medical stuff.  I
wonder why I like that so much?  I just wanted to float in all that, let my
fantasies happen, enjoy it, feel it ... be overwhelmed by it. 

-=-=-=

"You described it excellently, Trinity.  There's no shame in wanting those
things at all."  Dr. Wingate assured her.  "But there is shame in hiding these
thoughts - from yourself and from others.  Honesty will be essential as we get
into these experiments.  Do you think you could be honest with us?  Totally
honest, no matter how embarrassing?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

Trinity didn't answer right away.  "I'm not sure Dr. Wingate.  I mean, it's easy
talking to you ... but I sure couldn't admit this stuff to anyone else .. what
would they think?"

Dr. Wingate chuckled.  "Why would it matter what they thought?  Who are you
worried about?  Your parents?  Me?  My husband?  The technicians?"

Trinity paused again, struggling to find an answer.  "Well, yes, I guess I don't
want my parents to know.  They would think they failed somehow and raised some
kind of pervert.  I mean, they're nice enough people, but I don't think they
would understand the kinds of thoughts I have inside."  Trinity said softly.

"And yeah, I know they are a little bit kinky.  My Mom gets spanked when she
does something wrong and they live like those I've read about .. you know, he's
in charge and all, but they just aren't kinky like me .. I don't think.  Maybe
they are ... would it be genetic then?"  Trinity asked.

Dr. Wingate chuckled. "I don't know that there is any evidence for or against
kink being genetic.  It may well be a response triggered by how we process data
at an early age, what problem solving skills we acquire - or fail to acquire. 
It could be a great many things.  We simply don't have those kinds of answers
yet."

"The sheer volume of individuals who are interested in kink to a certain degree
is indicative that it isn't some isolated perversion - kink appears in all
cultures, all income levels to varying degrees.  Some leave it at just an
occasional over the knee spanking while others embark on a life of slavery or
even more extreme activities.  I recently read an unofficial study that seemed
to indicate that individuals who have undergone surgery as very young infants
and did not have benefit of anesthesia often end up enjoying activities like
piercing, cutting, and medical play.  The connection seems obvious, but this
study was quite casual, conducted by someone on the Internet.  It seems a good
step in the right direction though."  Dr. Wingate said with a smile.

"Hey!  I had surgery as a kid.  Like when I was 6 weeks old for something." 
Trinity exclaimed softly.  "Of course, I don't remember it ... but maybe ...
that's pretty neat that someone thought to ask those questions."

"I agree.  I should probably contact that group and see how it was done.  It may
even have been published as anecdotal data in an encyclopedia of sexual terms. 
I'll have to double-check that.  In any event, let's get back to the issue of
honesty here.  Do you think you could at least be strictly honest with me and of
course, my husband?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

Trinity sighed, "I could .. I guess .. but it would just be so awful to admit
all this stuff.  I mean, it's different with you, you're a woman.  But what if
your husband knew that I felt all that stuff?  That I was horny and wanted him
to tie me up and all?"

"I don't think it would bother him in the least.  He's a scientist Trinity, and
believe me, he's more interested in what your brain waves are doing right now
than in what you are actually thinking about."  Dr. Wingate assured her.

"I don't know.  I swear, I'll be honest with you ... I'll try really hard. 
Sometimes I might screw up ... but I'll really try.  But I don't want my parents
knowing and I guess I'm not sure about your husband.  I mean, it would change
things if he knew ... you know?"

Dr. Wingate nodded slowly.  "Okay, I'll take your promise to be honest with me
and we'll just work on the rest as it comes up.  Now then, are you ready for the
first experiment?"

"What do I have to do?"  Trinity asked.

"We've recorded your brain wave functions while you told me your fantasy, and
again when you detailed how you felt when the examination began.  What I would
like to do now is to have you clear your mind. No fantasies at all.  Just recall
that you are here as an experimental subject and let me do my work.  You will be
recorded as usual but you don't need to do anything but react to whatever I do
to you, or whatever anyone else does to you.  We will be changing dressings,
testing the sensors, and selecting specific stimulation based on what made you
react earlier.  Basically we are verifying what we've already recorded, seeing
what areas of the brain are most active under different circumstances.  There
will be a bit of role play involved on my end but I think you will enjoy it. 
Ultimately, we could do this all via a virtual reality feedback system, but
you're one of the people helping us build that kind of informational database
and so we have to do you manually."  Dr. Wingate smiled.

"Okay, I think I can do that."  Trinity grinned, obviously eager to begin.

"Excellent.  You will be a great subject.  Now, for the duration of this test, I
will have to refer to you as subject 342 so that we can easily identify your
records on the audio and video.  Is that okay?"  Dr. Wingate asked softly.

"342?  A number?"  Trinity asked slowly, never having given that any thought
before.  "Sure .. that's okay I guess.  Kind of makes me feel more ... I don't
know .. clinical or something.  Guess it's psychological?"  Trinity asked.

Dr. Wingate nodded, rising from her seat next to Trinity.  "No more talking now
subject 342.  It is essential that the recorders have a clear background so that
we capture all the details of this experiment.  We must above all be
professional."  Dr. Wingate said, assuming a much more clinical posture herself
and looking quite formidable suddenly.

Trinity nodded, feeling a rush of excitement at the change in Dr. Wingate and
the experiment itself.

"Ah, right on time.  Thank you doctors and staff for attending our 8 PM session
this evening.  I know that you all would probably rather be working on your own
projects or home with your respective families."  Dr. Wingate smiled, addressing
the staff that had trickled into the room as she was speaking with Trinity.

"We've begun this round by recording the subject's brainwave patterns as she
described major sexual episodes of her life.  As you are aware, we've chosen
sexuality as a beginning topic as it generates very clear markers we can follow
as we test and calibrate our prototype hardware and software.  Sexuality is
particularly useful as in most subjects, it includes feelings of arousal, guilt,
pleasure, pain, and often, very raw and pure emotion for which the subject has
no explanation for.  If offers the widest array of possible reactions that
include most active areas of the brain."  Dr. Wingate began, indicating the
monitors and the reams of graphs already generated.

"We will study the basic data and begin to find the correlation between the
recorded emotion, physical response and the type of brainwave generated by each
stimulus.  Tonight you will witness first the effect of speech on the sexual
centers and then, the effect of touch - both painful and pleasurable.  My
colleague, Dr. Jones will point out the changes in brainwave patterns as they
occur on your monitors."

"The effects of language on this particular subject will begin now."  Dr.
Wingate continued, referring to her clipboard now.

"Subject 342 has admitted to having feelings of arousal when parading around
half naked.  In her own words, she enjoys flaunting her tits and ass, especially
to uptight scientists that probably never get laid.  She's even hoping to turn
you all on, so that your cocks will be hard and ready to plunge into her slutty
little cunt.  She wouldn't mind getting some cunts all hot and bothered either. 
Isn't that right Subject 342?"  Dr. Wingate asked, her voice hard suddenly.

Trinity moaned, blushing deeply.  "No .. yes .. well, not exactly like that!" 
she exclaimed, shame overcoming her as she realized the room was full of people
and that Dr. Wingate was telling them what she had felt earlier.

"No need to respond subject 342.  It's all been recorded and I will play it back
for them."

Dr. Wingate slipped a pair of headphones over Trinity's ears and then nodded to
her husband.

He cleared his throat quickly and smiled.  "On monitor one, you will see the
brainwave patterns for an aroused state in which the subject was pleased with
what was occurring.  On monitor two, you see the brainwaves generated just now. 
You will note that both the red and yellow lines have dipped significantly when
Dr. Wingate began using foul language and it was made clear that the subjects
was being embarrassed by sharing something she thought would be confidential. 
This is most interesting as the subject is quite fond of using foul language
herself, but when used in reference to her, she does not find it pleasurable. 
Now recall that this is a most basic finding, just the main markers.  With our
system, we will be able to map this more comprehensively to see where these
emotions are originating from and we will be able to reproduce them as well. 
For the purposes of this demonstration though, it is enough to note that
physically, her reactions went to a less aroused state when Dr. Wingate began
speaking to her and her emotional state registered in the negative as well - at
least as compared to the readings generated when the subject was in a positive
and sexually aroused state."  He concluded, taking his seat once more.

Dr. Wingate adjusted the headphones so that Trinity could hear them once more. 
Tears rolled silently from Trinity's eyes.

"Why are you crying subject 342?"  Dr. Wingate asked.

"Because ... because ... I didn't know you would tell everyone about what I said
... and you made it seem like I was mean ... that ... that ... I was just a
whore teasing them or something.  I'm not like that ... I just ... it's just so
unfair!"  Trinity wailed softly.

"I'm sure they didn't take it that way.  No, why don't you stop and listen to
what else I have to say before jumping to conclusions about this being unfair." 
Dr. Wingate instructed.

Trinity nodded, "Okay."

"For those that are working on the analysis with us, please note that you will
need the videotapes in order to wade through all the data generated thus far. 
Subject 342 has some quirks that make watching the videos essential.  The videos
are cued to the data and when the subject is in a positive aroused state, you
will a red band at the edge of the video.  When the subject is in a neutral
state you will see an orange band and when the subject is in a negative state of
arousal you will see a blue band.  You will find the video dealing with the
subject's initial examination by Dr. Jones before the subject was transported to
this facility quite interesting.  Now then, let us continue with the experiment
Dr. Wingate said quickly, noting that Trinity was blushing once more.

"The sensors in the subjects nipples and vaginal area are highly sensitive to
the most minute changes in arousal states.  Watch the red lines carefully now -
they are color coded to match the videos."

"Subject 342, after this demonstration we will need to give you several
injections so that your body will not reject the various implants.  I'm afraid
that we will be using very long needles as we need to target many of the deep
muscle tissues.  I will try to be sure that it isn't too painful, but you will
need several injections."  As Dr. Wingate spoke, the observers could see that
the red bands were slowly increasing in amplitude and frequency.

"Once we've given you the injections, we will need to give you a complete
examination that needs to be observed by those enforcing the terms of this
protocol. I'm sure this will be embarrassing for a lovely young lady like you,
knowing that many men and women will be watching as your most intimate parts are
examined in front of strangers who are taking notes." 

The red bands continued to swell.  Dr. Wingate turned the headphones off so
Trinity could not hear and addressed the group once more.

"As you can see, her state of arousal at my words is clearly indicated and if
you check the physical readouts, you will see that engorgement has occurred in
her nipples, clitoris and vaginal walls - clearly indicating that emotionally
and physically she is aroused by the thought of many people seeing her naked and
exposed, even her most intimate places.  You will also note that she is looking
forward to receiving the injections."

Dr. Wingate again turned the headphones on.

"Subject 342 has been clinically diagnosed as being both masochistic and capable
of great violence.  Prior to being assigned to us for this experiment, the
subject was facing criminal charges for attacking another female and violating
her sexually."  Dr. Wingate explained.  "It is our hope to correct these
tendencies by exploring the psychological make-up and using our system to
provide appropriate feedback to correct negative thinking. 

The monitors began to show a downward spiral of arousal and negative emotional
components at the higher brain centers while the more primal centers
demonstrated a sharp increase in positive and aroused response.

Dr. Wingate continued once it was clear the other health professionals had noted
the readings.  "Clearly Subject 342 exhibits distinctly different readings from
the primal centers of the brain as compared to the more advanced areas."  Dr.
Wingate continued, using a laser pointer to indicate the respective readings. 
"The recent exchange stimulated several areas of the brain including the limbic
system and Brodmann's areas 18 and 19 commonly referred to as the 'mind's eye'
-- where imagination begins.  We will be exploring this link more
comprehensively as we progress in our testing.  As you are all aware these same
areas have been proven to be active in the process of using language, in using
our imagination and in the enjoyment of music which clearly indicates that
sexuality pervades all areas of the brain, perhaps more so than other stimuli."

Dr. Wingate set down her pointer and indicated that the technician should
prepare the injection sites and the syringes for the injections.  "What we will
observe now is the reaction to injections in various sites of the subject's
body.  The first injection .. "  Dr. Wingate paused until the technician
indicated he was ready to inject the subject, "will be given in the arm."

The technician slowly injected the fleshy upper arm of the subject.  There was
very little change in the monitors.

"The second injection will be administered in the upper thigh."  Dr. Wingate
continued, letting the technician do his work. The technician swabbed the
injection site at the upper thigh halfway between the knee and the hip and
injected the contents of the syringe.  Again the monitors showed very little
effect, the arousal levels remained constant as did the emotional indicators.

Dr. Wingate nodded in satisfaction and smiled, speaking for Trinity's benefit
now.  "In my research I came across interesting experiments conducted by
physicians at the turn of the century in the United States to relieve women of
symptoms of what they called 'hysteria'.  It was found that some women had
adhesions between the clitoral shaft and the prepuce which caused them great
discomfort.  Because it was a time of great outward sexual repression, these
women suffered from constant arousal that knew no outlet.  These same symptoms
were noted in female children as young as ten and the procedure for curing these
females was a type of circumcision in which the clitoral hood was often trimmed
or the adhesions worked loose with some metal instrument so they would trouble
the females no longer."

As Dr. Wingate spoke, the arousal levels of the subject climbed slowly but
steadily in both the primitive areas of the brain and the more sophisticated
areas.

"Several physicians wrote on the subject and it is assumed that some across the
country treated their female patients in this way.  It was done under general
anesthesia as it was considered much too intense to be tolerated by an aware
patient.  The patient was secured unto some table, presumably much like a modern
gynecological table, given the anesthetic and then the doctor would use a
specially designed clamp to capture the flesh of the clitoral prepuce and then
use a scalpel to trim away the excess flesh.  It was reported that the females
recovered quite nicely, relieved of their excessive lusts."

As Dr. Wingate continued her explanation, the technician moved between the
subject's legs and swabbed the area just above the clitoral prepuce in
preparation for the next injection.

"This research is interesting as Subject 342's behavior would have been
classified as 'hysteria' at that time and so I will recreate the experiment for
the purposes of validating the results as it has in modern times been considered
poor science and simply a way for physicians of the time to conduct sexual
improprieties."  Dr. Wingate nodded to the technician who carefully pressed the
needle of the syringe at the top of the clitoral hood and began to inject the
solution into Subject 342.

Subject 342 gasped and groaned, her body twitching at the sensation but the
readings on the monitor immediately jumped several levels, rising sharply in
arousal.

"It is interesting to note that women of the turn of the century were considered
sluts if they exhibited any sexual pleasure - even with their husbands, if we
are to believe writings of time.  As you are all aware, masturbation was a
societal ill that demanded constant vigilance and immediate, harsh punishment. 
It is said that masturbation by today's young is the single most important
factor in the breakdown of societal mores.  Subject 342 is clearly such a case. 
Her files indicate that she boasted of masturbating, boasted of giving up her
virginity at the tender age of 12 - and with a man of the cloth!"  Dr. Wingate
went on, giving special emphasis to certain words.

The graphs became confusing as levels when up and down unexpectedly as Dr.
Wingate spoke.

"Subject 342 has attempted to molest her own siblings, has been incredibly
forward with her own parents and generally has no restraint when it comes to her
own sexuality."  Dr. Wingate concluded, still watching the monitors move
erratically up and down in all areas.

"342?  How are you feeling?"  Dr. Wingate asked gently, running a finger lightly
across Trinity's nipples and then leaving a soft trail directly to her engorged
clitoris.

"Funny ... kind of floaty ... heard your talk .. was nice I guess.  You doctors
are funny sometimes .. "  Trinity replied with a soft sigh as Dr. Wingate gently
ran her finger over Trinities clitoris and then across her slick inner labia.

The graphs showed that the signals were leveling out and rising now towards
arousal again.  Dr. Wingate continued lightly stroking various parts of
Trinity's body as she prompted her with questions.

"342, tell me about the encounter with the girl that landed you here."

"Oh ... "  A look of disgust crossed Trinity's face.  "She was all for it until
her Daddy walked in!"

"So you didn't attack her as was stated in the charges against you?"  Dr.
Wingate asked, still stroking Trinity's nipples and vulva.

"Well ... I don't know.  This girl, her name is Beth, she was always telling me
about stuff she did with her Dad.  I don't know if it's true now, but she told
me that her Daddy didn't ignore her like mine did.  She said her Daddy was very
strict because they go to church and all that.  I thought it was cool and used
to get so hot when she would tell me what happened each Sunday."  Trinity began
softly.

"So one Sunday afternoon, we were playing in her room and she starts telling me
about what happened that morning, just like she always did, but she said that
even more happened this time.  She was all excited too and was still wearing her
church clothes.  I loved when she did that because she didn't wear underwear and
so I could see her cunt when she moved and I think she knew that and did it on
purpose.  But we used to eventually compare our boobs and cunts anyway, seeing
who's was bigger or different and then touch each other but not really playing,
you know?"  Trinity said, "I mean, before then it was just to look and see
though I really wanted to do more and maybe suck her cunt or something, suck on
her nipples and play some kind of games but we didn't do that before."

"So anyway, she was all excited, and when I saw her snatch this time, I saw it
was hairless now.  That got me so hot!  We'd been seeing how much hair we each
had before, proud of having grown up hair down there but now it was bald!" 
Trinity said, her voice revealing her excitement.

"Beth!  What happened to your hair?"  I asked, feeling all hot and bothered now.

Beth grinned, "I have to tell it all in order.  You're cheating."  She said
smugly, crossing her legs now.

"Well, get on with it then."  I told her, wanting to touch myself as I listened. 
My skirt had a pocket with a big hole in it so I slid my hand in my pocket,
trying to be casual and started fingering myself as she told me what happened.

Beth got all serious and took a deep breath.  "Well, everything's changed now. 
I finally, finally got my period and so Mommy and Daddy had to have that talk
with me, you know, THE talk."  Beth told me.

"You did!  Wow!"  I said because I knew that they were worried that she hadn't
had it yet and might have to go to the doctor.  "That's great!  But so what
about the talk, I had that a long time ago, all about reproduction and all."

Beth rolled her eyes.  "No, you wouldn't know anything about this talk because
you don't go to church or anything.  This isn't for regular people to know, and
I'm sinning just in telling you because its PRIVATE."  Beth said in a whisper.

"Okay, its private church stuff."  I said, wanting her to get on with it.  She'd
moved again so I could see her bare snatch.  Her cunt lips were kind of pouting
a bit because of her position on the floor and I could see the darker red past
her puffy outer lips.  I could even smell her a bit and I swear I was getting
drunk off the smell.  I just wanted to put my mouth there and lick it all over.

"So, I had my period on Monday, just a little one I think because it was over on
Wednesday.  I told my Mom of course and she said it was going to be special
today, to celebrate."  Beth said smugly.  "So, this morning Daddy woke me up and
took me to the bathroom like usual for my cleaning, but said it was going to be
extra special because I had to be blessed by the church because I'm a woman
now."  Beth said proudly.

I loved when she told about the cleanings because they would give her enemas and
then scrub her hard with this bristle brush, making her pale skin all pink even
hours later.  I started fingering myself harder, imaging her cleaning, her Dad
putting the tube into her ass and putting bags and bags of water up there.

"So, Daddy gave me a huge cleaning and this time I was cramping really bad, he
said he had to put special stuff in the water this time and that's why it hurt
because I had to be purified and all that."  Beth explained, letting her legs
splay wider so I could see her cunt more.  I could even see that it was a little
wet now.

"Then he scrubbed me up and all, after I got all the stuff out of me.  Then he
said that because I was a woman now, I had to learn some special things about
men."  Beth said dramatically, waiting for me to ask about it.

"What?!  What did he tell you?"  I asked eagerly.

"Well ... "  Beth said slowly, leaning closer to whisper in my ear, "He said
that now I was worthy of getting his seed, that his seed would keep me pure
because lots of women strayed once they had their period and had uncontrollable
urges that only a man's seed could control."

I frowned, "Really?!"  I couldn't help but think that her church was really
cool.  I would have done anything to have my Daddy tell me that.  "That is so
cool ... so .. like ... he just pumped you right there?!"

Beth laughed, "No silly, it's not like your slutty adventures.  This is serious
and solemn stuff.  A father doesn't just do that kind of thing.  This has
special meaning and it's an honor and a sign of passing from childhood to
womanhood.  It's really a shame that you've spoiled it all by being such a
whore."  Beth said in a superior tone.

This was new, before Beth never said those kinds of things to me and was excited
when I told her about doing things with a couple of men.  I got kinda mad at her
attitude, but wanted to hear more about what happened so I just let it slide. 
"And so, then what happened?"

"He said that after I got my weekly spanking, I was to thank him for his care of
me and to kneel in front of him to accept him into my mouth and that it would be
like this until I got married.  He said that sometimes, as I had more urges, he
might have to give me more of his seed as he wanted to make sure I was a proper
and respectful daughter.  He said that I would likely need more spankings too as
young women just got carried away when their hormones started going and that he
didn't want me to end up like you."  Beth realized what she just said and
clapped a hand to her mouth, turning red.

"Like me?"  I asked, hurt now that they had been talking about me and obviously
not in a nice way.

Beth blushed again and stuttered a bit.  "Well, you know, rejected by your
father and so having to use other men as ... substitutes .. and well, you know,
giving your body to any man that wants it."  Beth said, acutely embarrassed now.

I didn't know what to say, her words really hurt but she flashed her cunt again
and then began to open her blouse, which was also unusual.

"Look, I wanted to show you something."  Beth whispered, unbuttoning her blouse
all the way and showing off that she wasn't even wearing a bra.  I gasped when I
saw her breasts.  Her nipples looked redder and bigger and I could see pink
lines across her whole breast.

"What are those?"  I asked, already guessing that she was spanked with something
across her breasts and getting instantly wet at that thought.

Beth grinned, "You know what they are.  Daddy used a cane on me, a thin one and
said that instead of spankings on my bottom I had to get them on all the places
that cause women trouble, the places where those urges come from."

"Did it hurt a lot?"  I asked, my fingers working double time now.

Beth grinned, "Well, sort of.  You see, after the cleaning Daddy said that he
had to get rid of the awful hair because once you have your period it's very
unsanitary to have hair there.  So he had me lay on the bed and spread my legs
and then put the shaving cream on and started to shave me.  It was really nice
feeling to be clean of all that hair.  He told me how pretty my womanhood was
and carefully checked me to be sure everything was okay and he asked about my
period and opened me wide to see if it was all gone."  Beth said, her voice
getting husky now.

"I was feeling really nice and then Daddy asked me if I was getting an urge.  I
didn't know what he meant and he asked if I felt ticklish or tingly between my
legs.  Well, I had to tell the truth. Every time he touched me down there it
felt really good, so I told him.  He just nodded and got up to get something and
came back with this bamboo thing that we used in the garden for staking tomato
plants.  He said that I had to watch these urges and if I had one, I was to come
immediately to him or Mom so that they could take care of it.  He sat down
between my legs again and then touched me again between the legs, asking if I
had that feeling.  Well, I sure did and so I said yes.  He then took the cane
and smacked me across the breasts with it several times.  Then he would touch me
again and ask and even though it hurt when he caned my breasts, I still kept
having urges when he touched me down there."  Beth said with a flushed smile.

I was just about panting, just picturing the scene.  Her Daddy was pretty good
looking for an older guy and had big strong hands.  It was so easy to imagine
the whole thing, her laying on the bed with her legs spread, him being all kind
and stern, asking how she was feeling and then beating her breasts with the
cane.

I just nodded, so that she would keep talking.

"Well, Daddy noticed that it was getting juicy between my legs and said that was
a bad sign already that I sure had rushed into womanhood in a big way.  Then he
hit my nipples with the cane and that hurt real bad.  I screamed because it was
like fire.  He had to do that a bunch of times before I stopped being juicy down
there.  Daddy said I was a good girl and that he just needed to finish spanking
me so we could go to church and I could be blessed.  He said that now that I
stopped being juicy down there, I could be spanked there.  Then he spanked my
inner thighs, real close to my womanhood and then just on the lips until they
were red and puffy."  Beth said, and I couldn't help but take a closer look as
she was all different down there.  Her lips were nice and puffy but because they
had hair before, I couldn't tell how much really.

"So ... how did they bless you?"  I asked, breathless now because I wanted her
so bad.  Those nipples were teasing me and her cunt was all ripe and juicy
looking.  I was squirming by then and just couldn't help it.  She knew what I
was feeling and just kind of smiled at me funny.  I should have known then that
something was up, but she just kept telling me her story.

"Well, that's the best part!"  she said, pulling her skirt up all the way and
starting to finger herself now.

I could barely control myself now as she had never been that forward before. 
Usually I had to start and then she would follow though never quite like this.

"We had regular services and at the end, they always ask if anyone needed any
special things like baptism or consecration.  I never knew what consecration was
but this time Daddy told them that we needed that.  The priest smiled and no one
else spoke up so we waited until everyone else had gone and then he came over,
smiling at me.  He said some things and he and Daddy talked a bit and then we
all went up to the altar place.  I'd never been up there before but we didn't
stay there, we went through a door there to a special place."

"A special place?"  I asked when she didn't continue right away.

Beth smiled again, "Very special.  It's where all the consecrations are done by
the priest.  The priest said I had to put on this special holy gown and it was
not as pretty as I hoped it would be. It was all white, like a summer dress,
gauzy, you know?"  I nodded that I understood and she went on, "It was kinda
sheer too, when I put it on, I could see my nipples and it looked really grown
up on me."  Beth boasted softly.

"Then the priest said that this was the most special time in my life, that I was
ready to be consecrated and that he was proud to help another young woman on her
way to adulthood and a pious life of respect and honor to the church and to my
family.  He said other stuff too and then had me get on the special altar, lying
on my back.  Above me was a mural that he said I had to study and understand. 
It showed angels and devils and men and women doing all kinds of things.   He
would ask me questions and I had to answer them according to what I saw on the
murals.  He said something that this was some kind of judgment thing, that I had
to bare my soul to the Lord so that I could prove my worthiness for his love and
understanding.  The priest then opened the dress I was wearing so that my
breasts were bare and so was my womanhood."

I must have moaned softly because Beth stopped for a moment and then slid closer
to me and I could smell her now.  All sweet and something else ...

"The priest lit some candles and said that these were special candles that would
let him know what the Lord's answers were about me and all.  He then started
asking me questions about the murals and if I said something wrong, hot wax
dripped on me to let me know that the Lord was displeased with my answer.  It
was really hard work and I was sweating and crying when it was all done.  I
don't even remember what he asked me and I got so many wrong.  I was covered in
this red wax all over and was afraid that I'd failed the test, that I wouldn't
be found worthy."

Beth took a deep breath and I could hear how slick she was now as she moved her
fingers on her cunt.  When she didn't continue, I asked her, "Well, what then?"

She just smiled at me and I watched her finger as it slid inside her.  I gasped
because she'd never done that before because she was a virgin!

"No way!  Really?!"  I said, shocked and excited that the priest did her right
there on the altar.

She nodded slyly, pushing her finger in and out deeply, all wet and slick making
those sounds.

I leaned close and just couldn't resist, "Let me see!"  I demanded.

She took her finger out and held her cunt lips open and I saw that her hymen
really was missing, it was all gone and looked a bit raw and red.  I dipped my
finger into her opening and she moaned softly, rocking her hips a little. 
Amazed at my luck in being able to touch her like this I utched forward a bit to
get even closer, letting my finger enter her recently virgin hole and imagining
the priest sticking his cock into her, making her bleed on the altar while going
on and on about giving her to the Lord and some such.  She was so wet and I
could see that there was still tiny drops of blood mixing with her juices.  I
used my other hand to lightly rub her little clit which was really hard now.

She began to moan softly and asked me if I could tie her wrists up, the way they
did at church.  Oh this was getting better and better as I continued to imagine
it all.  I quickly got the sash from her robe and tied her hands real tight
above her head and then sucked her nipples into my mouth real quick before
moving down to her juicy little cunt.  My heart was pounding, I was so excited
by the story and wondered if it was really, really true.  Why couldn't my family
belong to that church, it would have been awesome!

This time, I just pressed my mouth against her little cunt, tasting all her
juices and could vaguely tell that I was getting just a tiny bit of blood as
every once in a while I would get this coppery taste in my mouth.  She was so
sweet and delicious though and I lost myself in feeling her cunt lips and clit
with my tongue, sucking gently, pressing my finger inside wondering if there was
seed there from the priest.  I could smell semen vaguely in her and tried to
suck it all out of her.

Dr. Wingate lightly touched Trinity's quite swollen clitoris and Trinity
exploded in orgasm, sending the indicators off the scale as she moaned and
writhed for several long minutes.

When Trinity had recovered, Dr. Wingate asked, "What happened after that?"

"She screamed and then I heard her father bellow and he lifted me up by my hair,
screaming at me what a slut I was, abusing his daughter .. that the devil was in
me and all kinds of stuff.  he called me names and even started slapping me." 
Trinity replied, confused and angry again, as if still uncertain why it had all
happened.

"He called my father, called the police and it just got all ugly.  My family was
horrified and believed everything they said about me.  I mean, when we went to
court and even before that, they dressed up Beth so that she looked lots younger
and because she's smaller than me, I guess it worked.  And then, because she
made me tie her hands, they said I did it with intent and all that.  Then they
said that Beth was ... I forget the words .. developmentally delayed or
something that even if what I said was true I had no business doing things.  It
was all a pack of lies.  Then they showed a video in court."  Trinity said,
heaving in anger now as she recalled all that had happened.

"But it was all a lie, it was a fake video, I swear it.  I didn't do those
things.  They made it up, like I took her virginity.  They had doctors records
that said just a few days ago she was examined and was a virgin.  They said I
did it all .. "  Trinity began to sob quietly.

"Are you sure you didn't?  They have ways of telling if video has been tampered
with."  Dr. Wingate prompted softly.

Trinity shook her head slightly, wincing a bit as it was still quite sore. 
"They said they had video in her room because of her condition, that they always
watch her to be sure she doesn't hurt herself and they said it hadn't been
tampered with but I swear I didn't do it."

"I'm sure we'll be able to figure this out Trinity."  Dr. Wingate said gently,
"You just rest now and we'll talk about it again later when you are feeling
better."

Dr. Wingate faced the audience and didn't bother adjusting the headphones,
letting Trinity hear all she was saying.

"The courts have proven conclusively that the video was valid and all the
evidence indicates that Trinity in fact overpowered the girl - who incidentally
is diagnosed with a form of delay.  It was speculated that perhaps Trinity had a
lapse of consciousness, or entered a fugue state which she can not now recall
which is what prompted her to be assigned to us for this study."  Dr. Wingate
explained.  "She has been through an entire battery of tests, counseling, drugs
and other things to get at the root of this, all to no avail."

Trinity gasped and began to cry as she processed what Dr. Wingate was saying but
Dr. Wingate squeezed her hand gently and patted her lightly to soothe her as she
continued.

"It can only be concluded that Subject 342 shall be given one last option for
recovery via our program as conventional means have failed utterly.  You will
all be witness to this revolutionary program that is designed to deal
appropriately with sex offenders of either gender.  That is all for our
introduction.  In the coming months, we will fully explore the subject's
reactions to specially designed stimuli and record the reactions in the process
of building our feedback references.  If you have suggestions for stimuli, don't
hesitate to contact either myself or my colleague Dr. Jones.  Thank you very
much for your time and attention."

It took nearly half an hour for the room to empty as each person stopped to ask
questions, make comments or get copies of related information.  Finally Dr.
Wingate and Dr. Jones were alone once more with a very groggy Trinity.

"342, you need to pay attention now as we need you to tell us something that
will help heal you."  Dr. Wingate said sternly, removing her fingers from
Trinity's vaginal area.

"But you said all those things about me, that made it seem like it was all
true!"  Trinity said accusingly.

"That is strictly for the protocols - we have to begin this inquiry and tests by
accepting what the courts have already ruled or it will seem as if we are siding
with you.  Because I believe you are innocent, I know that we can prove it
eventually.  You'll have to trust us on this, we have to play by their rules in
order to make our case."  Dr. Wingate explained.

Trinity nodded, though remained doubtful.

"Now then, I'm going to try some hypnosis on you, take you back to when you were
a little bit younger, about 11 or so.  I know you feel your father has been
terribly neglectful of you, ignoring your needs, being callous with your
emotions, refusing to acknowledge that you were a budding and beautiful woman. 
So many girls are horribly abused like that by uncaring fathers, it is a sad
fact of life.  He probably meant well in some sick way, but I know the hurt it
leaves behind.  I want you to imagine for me, what it would have been like. 
Tell me how you should have been treated by your father.  I know you must have
dreamt about being loved by him properly as any developing teen should be.  Tell
me about how it could have been .. "  Dr. Wingate prompted softly.

Trinity sighed softly, "Oh ... yes .. I've dreamed about that lots and lots.  I
was an early bloomer .. I was so proud because I was the first in my class to
start growing boobs and I got little hairs down there."  Trinity began, her
voice seeming to change from childlike innocence to defiance.

"I'm not supposed to call it a cunt you know ... not nice to do that.  Didn't
used to call it that.  Called it a vagina like Mom taught me to.  And a
clitoris."  Trinity giggled a little before continuing.  "I really kind of like
those old fashioned words you know.  They sound stupid, but they're nice sort
of.  Like sex to mean the whole vagina and member or manhood to mean a man's
cock.  It's different but now I use the bad words cause I'm pissed and don't
care what people think.  It's all fucked up anyway."  Trinity said, getting
angry now.

"Hold on ... "  Dr. Wingate said gently, taking Trinity's hand, "I want you to
tell how it could have been , so we can change it and make it happen.  Imagine
how it would be if your father didn't ignore you, if he was proud of your
growing breasts, your new womanly body.  Imagine all that you wanted to happen
... so that we can make it happen .. "  Dr. Wingate urged softly, stroking
Trinity's inner thigh and then cupping her breast gently.

"Yeah .. much nicer to think about that.  Dreamed about it all the time, every
day and more.  Used to try and find ways to surprise Daddy."  Trinity giggled. 
"I would forget to take my clothes with me into the bathroom and come out naked
after a shower.  Then I would wear things that were sexy and I wouldn't wear
underwear and bend down in front of him or reach for things or just all kinds of
things.  I tried to cuddle with him in bed, letting my nightgown bunch way up so
I could press my boobies against his naked back .. and I tried to snuggle down
low to get to his penis.  I wanted his penis in my mouth. Friends told me that
women would put their mouths on a man's penis .. cock .. and do stuff that men
really liked.  But I guess I didn't do it good because he always told me I was
being bad."  Trinity pouted.

"But .. if it was like it was supposed to be I would have been able to do that
and I wouldn't have had to do that preacher man though he was nice.  But I
wanted my Daddy to do that, to teach me like he taught me all those other things
like riding a bike, and cooking, and sports and everything.  Maybe he would be
interested in how my breasts were growing, come see me in the morning and check
my boobs and then make me lay down and spread my legs on the bed, and look at my
vagina and how it was growing.  And maybe he would tell me how to touch myself
and play with my clit.  He would put his fingers on me and rub me, push his
finger inside a bit and tell me that on a special day he would make me a real
woman."  Trinity smiled softly, fully involved in telling how it could have
been.

"Then he would make sure I showered really nice, so I was clean everywhere and
massage my breasts because sometimes they hurt a bit.  And then make my nipples
nice and hard with his strong fingers.  He would tell me how to put my mouth on
his penis so that it feels good, pushing into my mouth hard until he climaxed
with his semen.  He would tell me to wear proper clothes, that I shouldn't show
myself off to other men because it was private stuff until I was married.  I
would have to wear neat little uniforms with skirts and blouses and be polite
and if I wasn't polite, I'd get spanked on my bare bottom."  Trinity continued,
her voice sounding childish now and dreamy.

"The teachers in school would be very strict, making me sit straight in my seat,
bare bottom on the wooden chair and if I got an answer wrong or didn't do my
homework correctly the teacher would bend me over his desk in front of the whole
class and use a ruler to spank my bare bottom.  The teacher would call my Daddy
later so that Daddy could punish me at home too for being bad in school.  When I
got home from school if I was bad, my Mom would make me kneel in the corner in
the living room with my skirt up so my bottom was the first thing Daddy would
see when he came in and he would see the marks of the ruler and know that I was
bad."

Trinity paused for a while and Dr. Wingate noted the extremely high levels of
arousal and strong emotional components that were quite active as Trinity shared
her dreams of what could have been.  She nodded to her husband who smiled back
at her.

"He would come home and see my bare bottom with the red marks on it and sit down
in his favorite chair facing me, but of course I couldn't see him until I got to
turn around.  He would ask me what happened in school and I would tell him that
I answered wrong and got punished and was waiting for his punishment.  This time
would be different though on account of me becoming a woman and all.  My boobs
had grown and the pubic hair.  Even the teacher said something about it in class
and everybody laughed.  The teacher told me that I had to have new punishments
because I wasn't a child any more and that I should tell my Dad that.  So I did
...

"Daddy, the teacher said I was getting too old for regular punishments."  I said
quietly, feeling all shy suddenly though I had been kneeling in this corner
nearly everyday since school had started.

"He did, did he?"  Daddy said in surprise.  "Well now, guess I had better take a
closer look then.  Seems everything was fine this morning when I examined you. 
Come here and kneel down so I can see what your teacher is going on about."

I came and kneeled at Daddy's feet, afraid to look up at him because something
really was different though I didn't know what.  I felt all giddy and even a bit
dizzy.

"Well?!"  he said impatiently, "How do you expect me to see through your blouse
and skirt?"

"Oh .. sorry Daddy!"  I gulped in embarrassment, quickly unbuttoning my blouse
and taking off my skirt.  I remembered to kneel with my thighs spread really
wide so he could see my pubic hair.

Daddy reached out to cup my breasts and he pinched my nipples lightly, nodding. 
"Quite nice, just like your mother's when I married her."

I beamed when he said that as I was always comparing myself to Mom.

"You do have some nasty old hair down there. Hasn't your mother been helping you
get rid of it?"  he said, frowning.

I nodded, "Yes Daddy, she did but I just forgot because I keep oversleeping. 
Guess all this growing and changing just makes me so tired."

He nodded and I was getting nervous.  "Your mother show you how to pleasure
yourself?"

I nodded shyly.  "Yes Daddy.  Do you want to see?"  I asked, not sure if it was
the right thing to do.

"Yes.  It's important that you learn to do it correctly and that you do it often
unless I have to tell you otherwise."  he said, leaning back in his chair and
watching me.

I began to panic, because I had never shown him before.  I'd been doing it a
while now because it seemed I needed to so much ... but this was different
suddenly, after what the teacher said and everything.

He smiled at me, "Go on, I know you know how.  Just close your eyes and pretend
you are doing it alone.  Men love watching women pleasure themselves."

His words sent me off and I closed my eyes, knowing that my Daddy would enjoy
watching me play with myself.  I moved to cup my breast with one hand, and
pinching the nipple lightly with my fingers because that made me tingle down
between my legs.  As soon as it started to tingle between my legs, I took my
other hand and began to rub small circles around my clit and I could hear the
wet sticky sound as I massaged myself there.  It was all wet and sticky!  I got
tired of kneeling and figured Daddy wouldn't mind if I just lay down and spread
my legs ... that was much easier.  I spread my legs really wide and let my hand
move between my clit and my really juicy hole while I kept pinching my nipples. 
I imagined Daddy's hand helping me on my vagina and then my other nipple. His
hands were always so warm and they were big and strong too.  Then I imagined
that his fingers would press against my virginity a little.  I kept rubbing,
feeling really good now, rocking my hips because I knew I was going to climax
real soon now.  I kept thinking about Daddy's hands all over me, finding me all
sexy and womanly.  I imagined his penis getting rock hard in his pants, pushing
against them.

I heard myself groan as my climax came and kept moving my hand faster and faster
thinking I had one more inside because I was so hot imagining all this stuff but
it just wouldn't come.  I groaned in frustration.  "Daddy .. help .. please .. " 
I begged, rubbing myself frantically and bucking my hips at him.

"What baby, what do you need?"  he asked softly.

Dr. Wingate was surprised to see Trinity's numbers peaking, she was on the brink
of climax again just from imagining this scenario with her father.

Trinity continued, nearly incoherently,  "I wanted to scream in frustration,
couldn't he tell I was stuck .. just as I was about to scream I felt his warm
finger flick my nipple and then felt more of his warm fingers push my hand away
and begin rubbing circles around my clit.  It felt so amazing I began to climax
all over the place and Daddy kept on going and going until I was begging him to
stop because I could hardly breath anymore!"

Dr. Wingate gently massaged Trinity's clit and vaginal area while using her
other hand to lightly stimulate her nipples and Trinity climaxed quite strongly,
several times in fact, just as in her story.

It took several moments for Trinity to catch her breath and resume the story,
though now her voice was quite spent, as if falling asleep.

"And he gathered me up in his arms, 'There now little one!' he said in mild
surprise, 'You've done very well and I guess your teacher was right, you have
become a woman with a woman's body and yearnings.'"  Trinity smiled softly and
was soon sleeping deeply. 

Dr. Wingate applied the headphones once more so that Trinity could not overhear
anything they might discuss.

"Now that was most interesting!"  her husband said, checking the graphs and data
in disbelief.  "Excellent!"

Dr. Wingate nodded, "Indeed.  I think we have the perfect subject and have
already set the stage by indicating her 'record'.  I think we should let her
rest now while we get some rest ourselves."

Dr. Jones chuckled, "I have this feeling that you have a different idea of rest
than I do."

Dr. Wingate chuckled in return, "Well, perhaps I should volunteer for this
assignment so I can get some satisfaction.  I've never been so turned on in all
my life."

Dr. Jones nodded, "I know very well what is going on with you.  Now, let's see
to Trinity and get her settled in her new room.  We'll begin the regression so
that tomorrow we'll be ready to fully explore what her mind is capable of."

They wheeled Trinity to the room in which she would be spending most of the
coming three months.  It was a standard type hospital room in the secure wing of
the Yawla center that could only be accessed by those with a very specific
security clearance.

They transferred her to her new bed and checked her catheter and IV before
applying the thick nylon restraints that would keep her from dislodging the IV
or the catheter.  They then covered her with a light pink blanket and raised all
the rails on the bed so that no harm could come to her in the night.  When they
had raised all the rails of the bed, it looked very much like an adult sized
crib.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Wingate


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





