BDSM Library - Neighbors




Neighbors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new neighbor changes this couple's life.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Neighbors # 01
                        by Paladin

KNOCK....KNOCK...

Wendy looked up from her morning coffee at her own comfortable kitchen table to
see an unfamiliar female face at glass of her back door. The woman was tall and
more masculine in her build than Wendy.

Wendy got up and as she walked over to the door, she inquired,

"Yes ... What is it?"


Wendy thought.

Here she was enjoy a leisurely cup of coffee and then maybe... a long, long
bath.. a warm bubble bath..

   "High there!
I'm Francis... uh.. your new neighbor." A perky positive smiling voice informed
her, "We're moving in next door, and .. uh ..our phone hasn't been hooked up
yet...  I .. uh .. was kind of hoping you'd let me make a call.... I have a
phone card so it won't go on your bill. I promise.."

Reluctantly Wendy opened her door without a second thought.



"I'm Wendy Fuller." she said after opening the door, "I'm  happy to meet you.
The phone is over there. Please feel free  to make your calls. Would you like
some coffee. I've just made a pot and have plenty." Wendy smiled and tried to be
obliging.

"Cream or sugar??" she called to the woman at her phone.

"Oh that would be heavenly. I take mine hot and black.. I just can not find
anything yet. It is all packed up in some damn box .. or other .. Damn those
movers. They mixed or lost most of the labels. I'll be all week finding our
things."

As Wendy got down another mug, as Francis dialed and quickly completed a short
cryptic phone call. Then she came over and sat down at the kitchen table. She
picked up the steaming mug of black coffee, took a sip and started complaining
again..

"Moving is soo... maddening... I'll be soo glad when we get some help and all
settled. Have you lived here long?" Francis asked.

"Leo and I moved here last year. And I know what you mean about the moving bit."
Wendy informed her new neighbor.



"Oh here is my husband Tom. Do you mind if he comes in? He is just lost without
me." Francis informed her host as she pushed back the chair, rose from the table
and made for the kitchen door.

"No! .. No .. of course not. After all we're neighbors." Wendy reluctantly
answered, as Francis opened the back door and let Tom in.

"Tom come on in here and meet our new neighbor... Um...Wendy." She informed the
large man in a leather coat as he squeezed through the door.

Tom was a huge square shouldered brute. He filled the whole door frame as he
entered. His eyes roomed the kitchen, sizing up the things and finally settled
on Wendy's tight little body ..

Then he looked around again and then wandered over to the kitchen table.
Umbiddened he pulled out a chair and sat down. The chair gave out a groan under
his massive bulk.

"Is that coffee I smell?" he said to no one in particular still  starring
directly at Wendy's now shrinking femininity.

"Yes. Would you like a cup?" Wendy asked to dissuade his stair.

She rose, trying to play the good little hostess in spite of  the mans brutish
manners.

"Yea.. I'd love a cup." Tom informed her. All the while his eyes seemed to be
wander up and down her neat trim frame, as she went over to the cabinet.

"Just black..." he informed her.

Wendy tried not to notice the mans attention as she stretched up to reached into
the over head cabinet and found another mug. But she was flabbergasted when he
flippantly informed all present.

"I like her ass, Francis. It looks like this neighbor hood is  going to be real
entertaining after all."

Wendy turned around, furious and blushing. She placed the mug on the counter.
Then she was starting to get nervous with these two strangers, in her kitchen
starring at her.



Now they both seemed to be staring at her body. They both seemed to be
undressing her with their eyes and she felt really very uncomfortable.

"UM OH!! I just remembered I have to go to...." Wendy started to make excuses
just to get away from these two new 'neighbors'.

"Tom... You stop that. Wendy doesn't know you, yet. She must think you are one
of those dirty sex fiends. Why just look at how she is shaking. I'll bet she is
soo scared, she's about to wet her panties. Aren't you Wendy??"

Francis asked getting up from the table and coming around  behind her.

"No!!! It's not that... It's just .. I just remembered that I  have..." Wendy
started.

"You see Francis. She ain't scared. Why I bet she put on that pair of tight
pants just to show off her cute little ass. Didn't you, you little slut ya." Tom
inquired of her. Now Wendy made a continuos effort to turned and keep her ass
out of his field of vision.

Her hands flew to her crotch and her chest as she tried to cover herself even
though she was fully dressed.

"Not much in the tit department are ya Wendy? What are you? 34A or B?" Tom
inquired of the now scared house wife.. between sips of his wife's coffee...
"Ain't you going to get me any coffee???"

Wendy sought to slowly back away from the counter and make her way out of the
kitchen into the hallway.

She backed straight into Francis who had taken up a position directly behind
her. She blanched and half turned to keep the woman in view.



"I'm afraid their is no stopping Tom when he sees a cute little but like yours
dearie. He can be soo impulsive... Now you just be a good little girl and pull
down those tight slacks so he can get his eye full. I'm afraid, if you don't....
well he will probably just reach right over here and grab um. Then he'll
probably tear um right off you. Then their is no telling what he might do. I
can't tell you how many pretty little sluts, like you, he's has taken a shine
to. They all end up showing him their heinies sooner or later.  Now you don't
you be shy... You just save the fabric dear or who knows what he might do? I
mean you resist and you'll get him all exhibited.... well you can imagine.. He's
such a stud... Come on dear, show him that cute little ass."

Wendy was horrified. 

She just froze there starring at the man. She felt the woman  close up behind
her.  She opened her mouth but couldn't  form any words...

Then she felt the woman's hands go around her waist to the  fastener of her
slacks and undo the button.

"NOOOO" she cried as she made a grab for the woman's hand. She tried to keep the
garment secure at her hips. She whirled around and tried to step around the
woman with her slacks held up by her hands.

Then she felt a huge strong paw grab her right ass cheek. The fingers applied a
vice like grip on her firm covered right cheek and secured a purchase on that
part of her anatomy.

"Nice and firm..." he said..

His fingers were like steel bars and she was sure he was bruising her, as well
as scaring the hell out of her.

 Wendy's
mind raced through these thought when suddenly...

"OWWWW Now you stop that.. You are hurting me..." She informed them as she
looked back at him and reached back, with her right hand, to grip his wrist. She
tried to alleviate his hold on her right ass cheek but she was not able to move
his hand one iota.

As she was trying to deal with his grip, she felt the zipper  run down on the
front of the pants.

The woman had opened and was starting to peel the garment down off her thin
hips.

The woman was rolling not only the pants but her nylon panties too.  Wendy reasoned as she grabbed the fabric roll with her left
hand and tried to stop the woman's denuding of her slacks above her pubic
regions...

At that moment the man reached out with his left hand and easily yanked down her
garments from the back.

One long straight pull!!!

Suddenly her precious covering was down to her thighs!!!

When Wendy realized this and she tried to squat down to save her modesty but the
woman gripped her hair and held her in a sort of half crotch position as the man
pulled her coverings further down. Now below her knees to her ankles...

Wendy tried to spread her knees together to stop the downward path of her slacks
and panties but the man was too strong. Soon he had her denuded from waste to
the ankles.

All her stylish tight slacks and shear nylon panties now resided around her
ankles.

"Just like I thought... Nice little ass." He informed the women.

A tug downward in her hair and Wendy found herself on her knees with both her
hands trying to remove the painful twisting, gripping fingers, entwined in her
hair. 

"OWWW You stop that... You bitch You ...stop.." Wendy  demanded of the smiling
woman in front of her.

She was soo preoccupied that she at first didn't even realize  that the man had
tugged  her slacks and panties clean off of her legs. Then she again felt those
steel fingers again gripping her smooth right ass cheek, but this time the thumb
just naturally sunk right into the crack in the smooth white flesh.

"I really like your ass.. bitch!" Tom informed her as he sought to explore her
ass crack with his fat dirty thumb.

Quickly Wendy realized she had to do something. She left her left hand to try to
alleviate the pressure in her hair and her right hand sunk to her ass crack to
try and save her modesty from the exploring thumb.

"I found me one tight little ass hole here Francis. I'll bet it  ain't ever been
fucked... Ah girlie?? Francis I think I'll let  you plow it open with one of
your dildos first. I don't like um as thigh as this un. I'll take mine all hot
greasy.. and freshly fucked out. Thank ya.." Tom related to Francis.

Wendy wanted to die.. They were treating her as an object... A thing...

"You are just getting too old to break in a cherry ass bitch like this any more.
Remember last time...how I had to finger the bitch to ge..." Francis related as
Wendy just knelt there frozen wit fear as these animals explored her neither
regions.

She kept one hand in her hair and the other on his hand but she could do
nothing... She was theirs.. She knew it..

"Francis! I'd like to see the little tittes now... What say you  just turn her
this-a-way and I'll tear her out of that there  frilly little blouse." Tom
offered.

"I told you to be nice and show him your little hiney... didn't I? Now look what
you done. You got his old horn up... Now you are for it. You make him get to
tearing... and their ain't no telling what he'll do... You want that?? Well do
you???" Francis inquired of the dazed housewife...

"NOO...I I ... Noo Please just le..." Wendy started to plead  but...

SLAPPP

The back of her head was driven forward with a mighty slap. If it wasn't for the
firm grip Francis had in her hair, Wendy would of been driven face first into
the kitchen floor.

"I said I wanna see the titties... NOW Bitch!" Tom demanded.

Fearing for her life Wendy quickly dropped both of her hands to her waist. She
gripped the bottom of her blouse and lifted it up to her neck... She had seen
what stalling had gotten her before.

"Francis I can't see dick from the back. Turn the dumb slut  around... and you
get rid of the little tittie sling... slut.  You ain't got probably nothing to
see anyway.." Tom grumbled letting go of her ass cheek.. "But I'm curious.."

The grip in her hair was released and Wendy quickly turned  around to face the
big brute who now commanded her with her blouse tucked up under her arms and
around her neck.

She saw his sour expression and she quickly reached back and released the bra's
clasp. She then pulled up her bra, and when the blouse fell down she quickly
removed them both. Now she was really scared. She tried to covered the pink
swellings she had for tits with her hands and looked up pleading.

"I said I wanna see them their excuses for tits. Now do you want me to have to
break off your arms first?" Tom glowered at her...

Wendy dropped her hands and sought to cover her furry badge of femininity
instead. She dropped her head and awaited his judgment of her...

"They ain't nothing there but nipples... slut... That why you  wear them tight
pants... To show off your heinie??? .. You  better answer me you slut." Tom
demanded raising his hand to swat her square in the face...

She had never admitted it but this brute would make her tell...

"Ye... Yes.." and when she saw him grimace she quickly added 'SIR!!!"

"You dirty little slut... Get your hand out of your pussy. I want ya to play
with that sloppy mess I'll tell ya. Why'nt ya put your paws up like a nice
little doggie.. Just like the little begging bitch dog you are." Tom ordered.

With tears in Wendy's eyes she raised her arms and bent her hands at the wrist.
Just like a begging dog.. To save her modesty she tightened up the space between
her thighs hoping that this was as far as he would demand she go...She just
knelt there sobbing in her own kitchen as these strangers looked over her
previously private treasures.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




                        Neighbors # 02
                        by Paladin

Tom began to run his callused right hand over the now red  shrinking chest of
the little brunet kneeling in the begging  position, at his feet.

He really enjoyed this feelings of power over her precious  'titties'. The fact
that she did not liked it, or even know him,  just made his day... He smiled
down at her, and then demanded...

"You ain't going to lie to me no more, are you bitch??"

"N....No Sir" Wendy managed to answer with tears flowing down her cheeks...
Starring at her tile floor....

Tom leaned back and the chair groaned with the added stress.

"Francis get me a refill of this coffee, and heat it up... I  don't like this
luke warm shit... I think little tits here  going to be all right... why with a
little training. Yes sir...  I'll bet we'll have us a real fine cum eater...
Won't we slut.?"

Wendy's head snapped back from it's bowed position to stair shocked into Tom's
grinning face... Her mouth gapped opened. At first no words would come out...
Her hands flew to cover her mouth...



"UH P...Plea... I well I mea.... I...don..." Wendy stammered  "AAAAAHHAHWHAAA"
She started to scream as Tom, displeased with her response, splashed his
remaining coffee on Wendy's small sensitive chest.

Immediately she fell face down, to the floor. She was trying to hide her now
aching mammarys from a further application of more of the hot coffee.

Tom stomped his foot onto her soft round ass, effectively  pinning her belly
down on her own kitchen floor. Then over his shoulder he ordered,

"When the coffee is boiling, I mean really boiling, bring  the whole pot over
here. I think the slut here's going to  need some 'stimulating' to correct her
shitty attitude."

"NO!!! Please I'll .. I'll do what you want you don't know how that hurts...
I'll be good.. I promise..." Wendy begged from her subservient position.

Smiling, Tom removed his foot from her ass and ordered..

"Get back up there, like I like, and this time open them match stick legs. I
like it when a woman opens her lips, all her lips wide open, for me.. Shows me,
her good intentions."

Wendy scurried back to her knees again and assumed the  humiliating, begging
position again. This time, after she held up her hands like a begging dog, she
spread her knees open a little and then looked up pleading to Tom's impassive
glance.

In a few minutes, Francis came over and pored a refilled steaming mug of coffee
in Toms now empty mug.

Tom had not even acknowledge Wendy subservience. He took a sip of his coffee and
then he took up the pot and said as he began to turn toward the cowering
woman...

"Make another pot Francis. This slut is playing shy slut with me. I guess I
going to have to fill her cunt with this here coffee..."

When he turned back, with the hot pot, toward the cringing Wendy.  Her legs had
shot open as far as she could and remain kneeling. Why she even gaped her mouth
open...

"Well you aren't really as dumb as you look are you slut. I  should burn them
nubbins off...Playing shy with me again and ... and you being a slut all
along... Aren't you? Slut...?"

"Yes sir... I..." Wendy pleaded with her eyes.

Tom put the pot down on the table. He then reached under her now gaping crotch
and with his fingers he began to explored her privates. With a raggedy thumb
nail he commenced to flicking her small sensitive clit...



"You snake your way into those tight slacks, wear fancy  underwear, stuff those
shitty excuses for tities in that padded tit sling to create the appearance of
titties.... and then you try to play a shy slut with me..." Tom babbled on as he
played with her formally private little slab of skin and nerves.....

"Francis we got us a real juicy slut. You are aren't you slut?" Tom inquired of
his novice as he withdrew his thumb and offered the slimy digit to both women to
prove his point.

Wendy starred down at the tile floor and hoped that it would just open up and
swallow her up. It did not happen.. He wiped her juices on her upper lip to
remind her of her bodies betrayal of her former attitude.

"Ain't that right bitch??" Tom demanded.

"Yes .... Sir" Wendy answered with the fishy smell of her crotch bearing witness
to his statements of her behavior in her nostrils.

 Wendy now knew deep inside her belly...

"I got to take a wicked piss. Francis whyn't you strap on your tool and drill
her out for me. You!! Get over here and put your head through the opening in the
chair... Not that way crawl around and slide in from the back. Yea like that.
Now lay them puny titties into the seat. Good! Now open wide for old Francis.
You bring that fiber tape with ya hon??"

"Right here dear." Francis answered as she knelt behind Wendy and went about the
job of taping the woman's legs open.. to the chair legs.

As Francis taped her thighs to the chair legs effective spreading her ass wide
open as Tom explained to her...

"Old Francis here is going to expand your horizons, as well as those smelly
small holes. Why .... when I get back, she'll have you all busted out to man
sized." Tom said addressing her open defenseless ass crack. "Now you help old
Francis or I'll have to stimulate you again... You hear me???"

"Yes sir" Wendy answered the tile floor and tried to think of a way out of
this..... Her tile floor offered no alternative..

"Can't have these holes all shrunk up like this here. Why your husband must be a
real needle dick... but don't you worry... Old Francis will take care of
everything" Tom again ran his right thumb nail over her crack from little clit..
to her tight ass hole.

Wendy felt .... well sick... or wet or... She wasn't sure...

With that and a swat to her left ass cheek... Tom turned ambled on down the hall
to find a toilette. (When you got to go you got to go..)

"Ok tiny tits.. You heard the man. Now I going to start you out slow but you
give me any trouble and I just slip forward and split you open like a ripe
melon. Tom might be will be real mad but by then you will just be in pieces...
You got that? ... Now when you feel it bind up you better push back and spread
out all you can..." Francis offered.. guiding the dildow from her purse to its
first drilling ... of Wendy's ass hole.

Wendy was scared... She tried to open up right then, but when she felt the cold
rubber thing slip past her ass cheeks she couldn't help but tensed up.

Her hands reached back to stop Francis but it was too late.

"No!! Please!!! Don..... AAAAA" Wendy started but the unyielding thing drove
inexorably forward into her ever stretching vaginal grommet...

Francis was true to her word. She went slow. She really enjoyed it when the
'head' stretched out a new tight cunt or ass. Then as it passed the beyond the
ring of muscles guarding Wendy's tight hole she eased up.  She did not even
speed up as the long, long, cylinder like stalk started to sink ever deeper into
Wendys vitals..

Soon Wendy felt her belly begin to cramp up against the chair seat.

Suddenly their was a lessening of pain and then Francis informed her,

"That's the head... Now we get the shaft in there... Ready little slut???"

 Wendy's mind screamed but she could not get
enough breadth to form the words. She could only twist and turn and shake her
head... Hyperventilating all the while... Her hands reached back futilely but
did nothing..

Wendy was stuffed full and getting fuller by the second. She knew she would just
split open at any second when the 'head' bottomed out. She felt it hit her
uterus. It hurt, but secretly she felt better. It could go no further.... Or so
she thought...

"Shallow pussy you got here slut. Tom ain't a gonna like that. Let's us just try
and drill er out some..." Francis confided in her suffering victim.

Wendy did not know what she meant but she was hopping that was it for her
vagina...

The head started the long agonizing way back out of her precious hole... It was
slow going as Wendy's muscles seemed to be trying to keep the thing in. Every
millimeter was agony and when it was all out but the 'head' Wendy sighed with
relief. Her belly contracted and no longer rubbed the chair seat. Then Francis
bent over her and leaned into the dummy with all her weight.

"Wheee..... Open up little slut..." Francis said as the 'head'  started it's now
familiar journey again, only this time it was  roaring along like a truck going
into a tunnel. Her fuck pipe  muscles gave up their job and just got out of the
way...

"UHHH" Wendy uttered as the 'head' slammed into her uterus at about 10 miles an
hour. She could not take it any more she swooned... The punch to her diaphragm,
from inside caused her to expel all her air..

Francis was about half way out when she realized the little slut had left her...
mentally. She reared back and when the 'head' was still forcing the vaginal
grommet and labia open she reached for the pot of boiling coffee.

"Fall asleep on me you slut..." Francis muttered as she carefully lined up the
spout with it's target..

Carefully she pored a small bit or the stimulant on the tight  little furled
grommet that would be her next target.

The response was violent and immediate....

Wendy woke up!! Her ass hole was on fire and she had a nagging empty feeling in
her belly and a burning all along her perineum. Her innards ached and her
virginal grommet was stretched to the breaking point.. Her innards felt bruised
and she could do nothing but try to gain enough oxygen to keep alive.  She
flailed her arms.  She bit her lips.. Nothing helped..

The 'head' popped out of the vaginal grommet and slid against the other smaller
grommet across the burning perineum... The smaller now red grommet was still
spasming from its stimulation with the coffee and now it felt the pressure from
the 'head'...

Wendy reared her head back to scream her lungs out... Then felt a hand seize her
hair.

Her eyes focused on a slimy fat uncircumcised dick head before her face..

"UMHHHHH" Wendy grunted and tried to close her now gaping mouth.

Smack.... SMack....   SMAck....

Tom slapped her face fore and aft and back again.

"I told you to keep them lips open slut. I don't ever want to see that hole
closed with out me in it .. again..."

She gaped her mouth open. She then tasted the smelly piss tasting head into her
oral cavity. She went on grunting as the dummy was forcing her small grommet to
adjust to the it's full girth...

"Francis? How is it going... She as tight as the last one??" Tom inquired of his
accomplice.

"Tighter... Her fucker has to be microscopic... and he never  tended to this
hole back here... at all.." Francis informed him as she forced more and more of
the dummy in the virginal hole..

"Good thing you let me open it for ya.. She liked to broke the damn dummy with
her muscles... You want me to use the sand paper wrapper after or are you going
in her bear back first??"

 Wendy thought. She hollowed her cheeks and tried
every nasty thing she ever heard to make him come... If she did that maybe he'd
lose interest in her holes and she live through this.

"Francis this little slut's mouth is just made for dick, and you said you
thought she never... She is going after my meat like she's never ate anything
else. Why after I come I'm going to have her tongue me to sleep for a while till
a recharge my batteries... Come on slut faster... more tongue... Flutter that
tongue you whore mouth slut..... AHHH AHHH  AHHH. Yep she is a right good  cum
eater..." Tom related as he sat down in the chair holding her head to his crotch
like his favorite dick covering.

Wendy again passed out and did not enjoy the further opening of her tight little
ass hole.

----------------------------------------

Wendy awoke on her back in her own safe bed....



NOO her cunt as and breasts all hurt too much and then she heard..

"Now we see if you learned anything..." Tom informed her from a position leaning
over her vulnerable body...

 Wendy thought...

"Legs up there... up on my shoulder... Now beg me to do your ass hole..." Tom
demanded.

Wendy looked around the room frantically for some escape.. Some one or thing to
save her..

She saw the coffee pot there beside the bed on the night stand...

Then she felt the monsters dick driving through her ass cheeks.

It came to rest at her now sore ass grommet... She looked up at him and saw that
he wasn't going to take no for an answer... Then too their was the pot of hot
coffee...

"P...Plea...Please fuck me....." she managed...

Tom smiled and forced the warm live prick into the now stretched, aching hole
and demanded...

"Louder... bitch... Louder.... We know you like to show it and now you're going
to get it fucked.... Now beg me... or we can have Francis open it up more...
Maybe some coffee .. Come on..."

"FUCK ME... FUCK ME .... FUCK ME ASS..... OH GOD FUCK  MY ASS!!!"




                        Neighbors # 03
                        by Paladin
 Returning home from work, Leo drove into his drive way. He usual parked in the
drive next to Wendy's car.

As he got out of the car he looked over to the next house. He saw that the
moving van from the morning had left.

Their garage door was open and it was stuffed with moving boxes.

He remembered that day, not so long ago he and Wendy had arrived. Their worldly
goods stacked to the ceiling. It took them days to find thing. The simple things
were the hardest. Then he thought of a good deed to do.

Maybe they should do something nice for their new neighbors. 

(Remember the old rule No good deed goes unpunished....)

Maybe get pizza and a few beers...



Leo went ga ga over a firm set of tits. Wendy didn't have shit and he always
wanted well .... Every business trip he found a hooker and... Well he just
couldn't keep his hands of a nice firm set of tits....

He looked over in hopes of catching sight of the new female, but he didn't see
anyone around the yard.



As he climbed the kitchen steps he heard some muffled noises coming from his
house...

"UUUU  MMMM UUUU II SSS..." he heard through the door...



When he opened the door, he now heard his own sweet wife, distinctly crying out
at the top of her lungs...

"FUCK ME .... PLEASE FUCK ME.... IN THE ASS"

 His own sweet little Wendy...???

Leo was beside himself with lust... 

 He tore off his jacket.

Unknotted his tie as he started down the hall. He was half  out of his shirt
when he reached the bedroom door.

Flinging it aside he was stopped dead in his tracks by the sight on his bed...

His little woodie got, if anything harder, at the vision of  depravity there...                                                        
There on their bed was Wendy... almost totally obscured by this huge hulk of
some man. This man was.... Well he was... and ...

Wends legs seemed to be tucked up around her ears and the hairy animal on her
was plowing into his wife...

HIS WIFE...

And all the while she kept up her mantra...

"FUCK ME... FUCK ME IN THE ASS... PLEASE SIR... FUC..."

Despite his outrage Leo's little woodie grew and became harder then he could
ever remember..

Wendy looked up toward the movement she sensed at the bedroom door. Her facial
expression changed from a look of pure lust to one of horror...



Leo was frozen on the spot. His hand went to free his little  woodie... Why he
almost came in his pants at the sight...

WAPPP

An explosion went off behind his right ear.

He collapsed to his knees. Then a hand sought our his defenseless crotch. It
found the family jewels. Then he was dragged kicking and screaming to his feet
by the vice like grip up between his legs. Someone had fastened a fist onto his
tiny constricted balls.

"AAAAAA...." He pleaded as he was dragged, backwards out, his bedroom to the
living room. Through his pain clouded eyes he perceived that the fucker did not
even slow his rhythm.



Wendy looked away from the now vacant doorway and soon resumed her mantra...

"PLEASE SIR FUCK ME... FUCK MY ASS..."

---------------------------------

Leo was flung face down over the back of the couch in the  living room . He
stayed there. He needed time to recoup and relieve the painful throbbing in his
balls. He did not even object when a pair of hands spread and secured his ankles
to the couch legs.  He tried to work up some resistance but a kick to his hands
covered jewels stifled any objections. Then a pair of hands forced his right
hand to the front right end of the couch and secured it there.

The resistance he could mount now was too little and too late. Then when the
hands forced his left to the left couch leg it was all over...

"Be a good boy... or Francis 'll have to kick you in the balls  again..." a
female voice informed him.

 ran through his mind.

Painfully he turned his head and saw a rather large woman going out into the
garage. She returned with the garden shears and then went about the mundane task
of cutting off his clothes with the rather large pair of garden clippers.

"Please I..." He began and was quickly silenced when Francis informed him..

"Give me any trouble little man and I might just snip those  little marbles of
yours right off.."

Her left hand closed on the hairy sack that held Leo's aching family jewels
illustrating her point to his horror .

An ever soo slight squeeze and Leo was on his best behavior for the rest of the
shredding of his clothes.

Wendy's mantra went on and on in the background. This just added to Leo's
apprehension.



After slicing up his clothes the woman took her time as she  destroyed them all,
even his shoes and socks. For each of these she made him cooperate by raising
his foot.

The woman went into the kitchen and came back with a long white feather which
she had removed from her large purse.

"Now little man lets see what we have to work with... God you are a really small
one aren't you.. well lets see if we can find the key to your little dickie ..."

She proceeded to pass the feather ever so lightly over and over his little ball
sack till he thought he would go mad. His little dick stiffened to it's full
size and then some. But when it threatened to spew forth its balls load of
seeds, the woman, experienced in this kind of play, quit the stimulation and
grabbed his woodie by the base and squeezed...

"Not much to work with here...Leo ... is it??"

She let it go and with a groan embarrassed Leo proceeded to shrunk up a normal
next to nothing. Now she started to put on a pair rubber gloves she removed from
her large purse..

"Lets see if this is the key to your heart...Leo.. Maybe the damn things there
were a mistake.." She nudged his defenseless nuts to illustrate the possible
"mistake".

She opened a jar of grease from their refrigerator, saved up from dinners past,
and as his woodie disappeared up inside his crotch and pubic hair, she began
fingered grease in around and then up and down his defenseless ass crack.

All the while he heard his wife chanting....

"FUCK MY ASS PLEASE FUCK MY ASS.."

Why this alone was really dick hardening and again Leo began to stiffened up
some. Then when the fingers began to, at first tease, and them penetrate his
tight little grommet. Leo's dick stiffened to its full 3 1/2"...

The fingers penetrated the neither hole deeper and deeper. Then they started to
massaged the prostrate gland hidden in there to aid in its task of holding the
blood in the small rock hard shaft...

Again just when he was about to shoot the whole load, Francis ceased all
activity and let him suffer through the withdrawal of the blood only recently
called to his dick...

"Why Leo you little sissy... I think I found your buttons..."

When she saw him try to rub the little woodie on the couch,  Francis grabbed him
by the hips.

"UNH UNH... Leo You come when I want and not when you want." Francis cautioned
the hurting husband.

She yanked him away so that his organ was free from any friction. As it was lose
and did not make contact with any other thing Leo actually cried to cum but
couldn't.

Then he lost it again and she let him go. The woman went back to the bedroom and
returned with a large dildow festooned with nylon straps on one end. She held it
to Leo's face and ordered,

"Lube it up for us Leo. Then we will really get it on you little faggot.."

Leo turned his face away from the putrid smelling thing...



"OK lover... Personally I like going in dry in little wimps like you... Just
remember I offered."

Francis lifted her skirt and fitted the thing to her crotch over her nylon
panties. She held up her skirt and showed him the full thing after it was all
dune up... Then as she went away from his field of vision she told him...

"Now are you going to just take it like a man... Or scream and beg like the
little fag we both know you are..."

"NO NO YOU CAN... NOT DO... NO Stoo..Ahhhaaaa..."

Leo babbled as the dildow took up position and began to penetrate through his
large fat white ass cheeks to his tight little ass grommet."

Despite the pain and humiliation.... Leo's penis stiffened and commenced to
throbbing...

"Wendy really loved the head on this one..." Francis informed Leo as she fought
the head into his vitals. "You see all that nasty hair didn't even slow it
down... I like fags with hairy assholes"

"Y...YOU're ki....ll..ing me...." Leo gasped as the head managed to open the
muscles and secure a place for itself in Leo's vitals..

"Now .. Now .. Your wife loved it .. You had been soo good so far let me give
you the whole rod and we see how it goes... Oh yea.. Leo dear," Francis cooed in
his ear... "No one died from this yet... You'd be the first. Isn't that
special.."

Leo started to feel stuffed... He knew she would tear him open.

His innards had to shift around and he knew he would be sick...



Then he felt a slender hand palming his hairy sack. The cool hand gathered his
balls in the bottom of the bag and tugged gently on the whole thing. It got most
of his attention, but the stuffing of his ass and his throbbing woodie.... It
all added to the buildup of a massive cum. More massive than he ever had
before...

Leo muttered something but his little dickie throbbed and shook .. He tensed and
tried to imagine something else. He tried to grip the dildow sliding in his ass
hole... but then a more intense tug on his little balls brought his thoughts
back to his captive nuts...

"Idn't it nice to know what you really are you little fag???"  Francis cooed.

"NO!!" Leo cried and tried to deny the feelings he knew he had...

"Now don't be like that Leo .. Your little excuse for a prick is all hard and
just ready to spew... Now say it you little fairy." Francis ordered with a twist
to the hairy sack.

"AAAAHAHAHAHAA!!!" Leo cried out.. "Please.. I don't....AAA.."

"Now we both know the woodie you got when you saw the whore in the bedroom there
being fucked by a real man. Affects fags like that We know don't we Leo..."

All the while Francis was gently massaging Leo's nuts and he was aching just
ready to spew out his very guts..

"Um ua... Not till you admit what you and I know." Francis  whispered in his ear
as she again twisted his nut sack to  forestall the cum he ached for.

"AAAAA.... Pleaseeee II I OK OK I'm anything you want... Just let me
cum...Please...." Leo begged...

Tom ambled into the room and walked up to the couch.

"What we got here Francis ... Another fairy trying to act like man?"

"Yea he liked to bust a nut seeing you plowing the little cunt back there..."

Leo was humiliated being seen like this by his wife's fucker...

Then from his hunched over position he realized his bowels were painfully all
cramp up. The intruder that she was using was stiff and allowed only the
slightest margin for curvature.

He tried to straighten up to adjust for the dummies penetration and Francis,
sadist that she was, flexed in another direction.

Seeing though, that she had the little dicked wimp going, she petted the now
drawing up balls and scratched her long nails on the under side of the woodie..

"You like my little tickler in your ass don't you slut..."  Francis asked the
frantic subjugated male.

Leo knew how his balls had suffered when she was displeased... But if she kept
up the scratching and fondling his nuts, he would cum and then he would...

"DON'T YOU SLUT?" she demanded.. and again she squeezed his balls ever so
lightly...

"Y... YES yes mum... I... Please..." Leo pleaded trying to save his balls from
another wringing out by those devil hands.

"Well then if you like it soo much you better convince me.. Tell me.. Just like
the slut in the bedroom... come on tell Francis you really like... this..."

The clutching hands and the stabbing dildow convinced Leo despite the presence
of the other male, to acquess... He lowered his head and took up the mantra of
the house.

"Pleas fuck me... Please fuck my ass..."

Francis paced her charge. Whenever he slowed down she squeezed the marble sized
nuts slightly and when he was a good slut and shouted his lines well she
fingered his little dickie..

After a time Tom got a little hard. He had came out to observe the conversion of
Leo. He went to Francis's purse and withdrew a thick metal ring.

He grabbed a hand full of Leos hair and forced his head up to the almost
vertical.

"Open up slut... Time for your tongue exercises..." Tom ordered.   Then he
forced the ring gag into Leo's mouth till it took up a position behind Leo's
front teeth leaving the subjugated male's oral cavity open and defenseless.

"Now slut let me feel that slut tongue." Tom demanded..

This was too much Leo twisted and turned away from the slimy dick that had been
recently fucking his wife's ass hole.

"OK fucker... I seen some tools in the garage. Bet I find just the sucker I want
there."  Tom explained as he turned away.

Tom went out to the garage and came back into the living room with his hand at
his side. He then gripped Leo's chin forcing it up horizontally.

Looking into the forced open cavity he raised his hand and then he inserted the
needle nosed pliers in to Leo's mouth through the ring. He began to fish around
for the slippery moist little organ trying desperately to hide there. Why Leo
even lost his woodie..

"OOO N.. OO" Leo objected.

"Bet I get this little sucker out before Francis finishes up your ass... Sure
going to mess up the rug though..." Tom informed the horrified Leo.

"Oh Tom must you?? I mean Leo is just shy.. I mean he isn't like the last one.
Are you Leo??" Francis inquired all the while keeping up her steady rhythm in
Leo's vitals and scratching his now receded woodie.

Leo was beside himself.. They were going to tear out his tongue...

They'd done it before... What had he done... He shook his head up and down and
stuck out his tongue letting Tom hold it with the pliers.

He hoped that surrendering would earn him a reprieve...

"Now that is better you want me to just snip this sucker off or maybe just split
it? Or now you going to be a good little prick licker??" Tom inquired of Leo ...
holding the organ in question with the pliers.



"Well all right but no shit next time out the sucker comes... Now to show your
good intentions, whyn't you clean the head. Your prissy ass wife done wet my
dick, and balls  with her girlie cum and I know you are slut enough to want to
make it clean for a real man..." Tom said dropping the pliers and inserting his
dick into the ring.

Leo lapped and, even with the ring managed to close his lips and vacuum the head
dry with his mouth. It tasted and smelled horrible .. but he had kept his
tongue... He even to his horror, resumed his woodie...

Tom withdrew his dick. He inspected it and them, much to Leo's relief, petted
the sluts head..

The relief caused Leo to spew his seeds all over the back of their living room
couch...

"Boy's a natural... Just needs some stimulation..." Tom  complimented on Leo's
tonguing .. to Francis.

"Well lets put them two up for the night. I got to get up early to run um." Tom
observed to the steadily pumping Francis..

"Aw he was just about to get his second nut.. Look at the mess he made on the
back of the couch. I bet that was when he tasted a real man's cum." Francis said
as she withdrew the stiff dummy.

She came around the couch and inserted the putrid thing into Leo's defenseless,
gaping oral cavity...

"Now none of your back talk.. Just lick and clean it up or do I have to find
those pliers Tom had??" Francis informed the gagging male..

Leo had no choice... He closed his eyes and licked the shit  coated rubber and
plastic thing freshly removed from his own ass hole ...

Tom went down the hall and returned with a naked sweaty Wendy..

She sort of duck walked as she still had the training dildow he had forced her
to practice with, sticking out from her ass.

She seemed to waddle a little more than usual.

When Wendy saw Leo naked, over the couch, with the dummy in his mouth she knew
they was lost. She lowered her eyes and sought to cover her cunt with her
hands...

Francis released a beaten Leo from the coach and forced him to lick up his
excrement from the back of the couch.

"These faggots 'll come in the most unusual places won't they Slut?" Francis
asked Wendy as she oversaw the clean up of the couch back.

When Leo was done to her satisfaction Francis snapped a  compression ring over
Leo's tired dick and balls. Then she  snapped on a short lead.

One sharp pull convinced a beaten, humiliated Leo to follow his balls.. where
ever Francis wanted them to go... He couldn't even look up at his naked wife...
He was a faggot....




                        Neighbors # 04
                        by Paladin

"Francis I think these two sluts will make real nice servants, that is, after we
buff off the rough edges in their dirty little sex habits. For now let's take um
down to that nice new big cellar next door. Then we start um on their night
school studies.

After all it is soo difficult to get good help... You just have  to train um
yourself..." Tom ordered.

He bent down, picked up and tucked the near comatose Wendy over his massive
shoulder, belly down with a rather long dildow still protruding from her ass. He
trudged out of her kitchen door, across her back yard and made a bee line toward
his new house.

Wendy, naked over Tom's shoulder was scared out of her mind... She was reeling
from her fuckings. Here cunt was sore. Her ass was oh soo sore and it still had
a dildo in it.. She closed her eyes, real tight, hung down limp unresisting, and
prayed no one she knew saw her like this. She couldn't help bobbing up and down
as the big man walked toward the other house... She tried to make herself as
small as she could...

Once in the house Tom went directly through the kitchen to the basement. There
he reached up and removed the dildow from Wendy's ass. Then he placed her on her
naked back, on the cold concrete floor. She murmured her displeasure around the
filling solid rubber dummy strapped into her mouth. She tried to arched her back
to escape the cold feeling.

She would have had chattering teeth but the dummy in her mouth quelled her
reaction and then too Toms foot on her belly helped to speed up her 'adjustment'
to the floors cold freezing temperature.

Francis soon arrived leading Leo by the ball leash that she had secured around
his family jewels. At every other step Francis tugged her leash to assure that
she controlled her charge.

"Let's get the little dears started on their lesions for  tonight." Tom said as
he swept Leo's feet out from under  him and forced him face first into Wendy's
sloppy crotch.

"Lots of good cum there slut. Now you just show us how a needle dicked slut like
you eats a mans cum from this here slut's cunt." Tom observed from his position
towering over the naked back of Leo.

Leo was horrified as his cheeks were forced deep into Wendy's sweaty cum filled
crack.

Tom held his head there till Francis adjusted the retaining strap from Wendys
waste scantier. When it was properly adjusted Leo's face was captive in Wendy's
cunt with his nose protruding almost into her ass hole....

Now Francis took out her fiber tape and rapped the pair together so that they
were head to crotch. She first released the hands so that the tape was under the
arms and around both torsos.

Now she placed a head band on Wendy and forced her face into the pubic hair, and
smelly ball sack around the cage that imprisoned Leo's male things. The couple
were now face in the crotch of their spouse.

She went up stairs and soon returned with a pair of long fat  dildows with
bulbous heads. She taped one in the right hand of each of the pair.

"Now you both are a little green at this so we are going to have a self help
session tonight. Wendy, you slut, put your nice little hand prick in Leo's ass.
Don't worry... He loved it from me... Why he will come to love it from any slut
like you in no time... He is such a faggot.. That's right.... good slut... You
got the head in... Now drive it as far as you can. See how easy it is... He is
soo easy to open, that faggot husband of yours ... Here let me take off his
little cage...  Now  you can see for yourself how hard it gets when you diddle
him.. Go on slut you know how in and out...."

Wendy did it, all the while trying to struggle away from the odoriferous just
drained balls and smelly dick at Leo's crotch. After all she had just put her
dummy in him...  She just would not pay attention...(Isn't that the way with
some women? After that afternoon training that Tom and  Francis had given
her...)

SMACKKK ... SMACKKKK ...

Echoed around the empty basement.

The leather belt met the smooth thighs of poor Wendy...

"AHHHH Stop Please I'll... do it...Don't Please..." Wendy begged as she hurried
to put the dummy deeper in Leo's newly opened ass hole... and struggled to get
even closer to the stinking balls...

(Wonderful what a little encouragement will do for a woman...)

"Wendy nooo!!! For god sake.... NOOO" Leo cried with tears falling in his wife's
sloppy slit... She had driven the dummy deeper into his ass than Francis had...
Leo could almost taste it..

His pleas fell on deaf ears. Or should I say a burning ass Wendy had decided to
disobey her husband entreaties. After all he didn't know the caress of the thick
leather belt on the soft shapely female thighs.

"Good dear now back out... Good now a little faster... Good now keep doing
that... Now that she is started Leo... LEO!! Quit that crying and pay attention!
Pay attention you little faggot! You have a choice. Idn't that nice?? You can
put your hand tool in either her ass or cunt... but you have to service the
other hole with that faggot tongue of yours. You hear me??" Tom demanded of the
prostrate nude male.

"NOOO I won....AAAAA" Leo's defiant outcry was cut short by the plunge of the
dummy in his vitals to a depth not yet plumbed. Then too the leather strap
caught his reddened ass cheeks with a resounding,

SMACK... SMACK....

Fumbling with the stiff plastic piece in his hand, he managed to plunged it deep
into Wendy's ass. Then he commenced to lap up the frothy cum Tom had recently
deposited in her with his tongue..

"The Boy is going to be a good cunt lapper soon as he gets over that shy streak
Francis." Tom observed, as he let fly with another swipe of the leather.

SMACKKK

"A little faster bitch... She's been fucked there before. Make  her deeper for
me." Tom demanded of the mow red assed husband..

Leo lapped and fucked his dummy in Wendy as fast as he could coordinate the
thing. (The strap had convinced him to forget his abhorrence at the task at
hand. Just fuck the slut... after all she was fucking his ass hole...too.)

Wendy sensing the speed up in the plundering of her vitals and did the same for
Leo's. As she did she sensed the little male knob stiffen under her chin.

Francis and Tom looked on like proud owners at their new charges actions. It is
hard to believe that they had been pure novices only this a few hours ago...

"Wendy dear.... Lap those little balls for Leo. He needs his fun too. Now you be
a good bitch... Or I'll  have to smack your fat thighs... again..." Francis
informed her female charge.

SMACK

A fresh stripe of pain crossed Wendys tender white skin...

"You know better than that Francis.. Spare the strap and spoil the pervert...
Why the little titted slut just loves the feel of leather on her.. You just wait
till I take this nice strap to her small excuses for titties.." Tom cautioned
Francis.. "She'll really move the dildow in the faggots ass... then."

 Wendy thought and she turned into a licking, fucking
machine.... 

Leo's colon cramped and his head flew up after a particularly deep sounding by
Wendy's dummy.

"UMMMM...AHHHHHHH..." Leo uttered and them screamed.

SMACK..... SMACK..

The strap had the same reddening effect on Leo's ass as Wendy's.

"Faggot I don't want you whispering endearments to her for doing you faggot ass.
I want you to dick her out to man size. Your pitiful excuse for a dick just
didn't cut it so now.. You fuck that bitch with the dummy... and you FUCK HER
GOOD..."

SMACK.

After that rousing pep talk and the ass reddening application of  leather Leo
became like Wendy ... a dildow's extension. He, as  she had, became an ass
fucking machine. He licked up the sloppy  mess that was her cunt hole and found
the taste not really, really  that bad.. Especially when the strap was the
alternative..

In fact when Wendy's tongue started to tweaked his little balls,  Leo felt
himself becoming excited.  For the hundredth time he  got a woodie, only this
time it was against his wife's throat!!

He tried to think of something else but his little woodie just  wouldn't be
denied... It got right up there under Wendy's chin.  (She didn't even notice at
first and then she felt the drip of the little thing under there. The smell was
disgusted, oh soo  disgusted....)

Leo felt the soft white skin of her throat and sought to friction  with it to
get it off.

Wendy reared back as far as she could and started to fuck the  little faggots
ass faster and faster...

"OH Look To the little fag is got a little bite woodie... Wendy  dear twist the
dildew a little and use a stirring motion.. Faggots like that.. I hear..."
Francis ordered.

Horrified at Leo and seeking to escape further application of the  strap Wendy
did as ordered...

Leo just couldn't hold it... He spewed his next tiny load leaving  a hurting
void in his balls... (That stirring motion gets um every  time...)

Wendy's chin and neck became wet with the fishy selling stuff..  She sought to
lean over and whip it off on his thighs but this  only seemed to spread the goo
more around her face more.. Now  some got into her eyelashes....

She was mad...

Wendy twisted and tried to turn the dummy sideways... All this  brought
consternation in Leo and another woodie..

"Good slut..." Tom said as he petted Wendy's bobbing head.. "She  is really
going to be something. Why I bet she can even help us  with the other sluts on
the block in a day or two... Leo... Leo  don't you go to sleep there... Wendy's
ass needs lots of opening  and you better get to it.. Or I'll give her a bigger
dummy for  your ass... You hear me Leo... Don't you just lay there with that 
imitation of a woodie... Lick her cunt and fuck her ass... Come  on boy she's
going to have your guts spilling out here on the  floor in a minute..."

The dual mutual ass opening went on and on till neither  participant could raise
the strength to force a dummy in a hole.  Both of them passed out and slept
there on the cold concrete  floor.

You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




                        Neighbors # 05
                        by Paladin
Tom woke up like all you guys, that is, with a nice long stiffie 
with it'e one eye wide open,just looking the place. You know it 
guys, but unlike you guys with your little piss hard on, this 
un.... well it ... it was a PUSSY SEEKER!! 

This un with it's big black hollow eye, and moisture sencing 
meaty helmet head was seeking **PUSSY** Or else it would find 
some other warm wet void..... yea something else like that. 
Something maybe a little tighter, to just burry itself into..  
sort or friendly like...

With this raging need it immediately found a servicable docking 
port. It pointed the likely place to hi. He looked over at the 
sleeping female form right there... Francis! Well it was right 
there ....and available (like a convenience store) 
that is... 

So Tom turned back over ... Softly and eased his way up out of 
the strange bed.  he thought of the protrusion 
from his lower body.. (what he could see over his nicely 
cultivated beer belly)  He took real care now to 
insure he didn't touch it, to the old lady or the bed clothes, 
or anything, and ruin suck a nice un.  



Tom paused at his clothes, strewn all over the floor. He decided 
to just take his pants.  

Tom shrugged and picked up his pants, careful to not rattle his 
change.. Then he snuck to the strange bedroom's door.

Tom eased the door open and then he got out. Carefully he shut 
it.  She was still there asleep..

Smiling he then ambled, with his pants over his sholder, to his 
new house. He was lead the whole way by that firm column of 
hungry hairy dick flesh, pointing the way like a becon to the 
waiting warm wet hole... (And you women think that little head 
ain't got no sence..) 

This one seemed to sence the presence, somewhere up ahead of it, 
of the new servent trainees... together with their waiting voids, 
just laying there waiting to be filled.. Waiting for his seeking 
lust muscle....

Tom didn't marveled as he strolled over there at the beautiful 
new day that was just opening up in front of him. He didn't 
care about the chirping birds. Or anything but those waiting 
holes.. 

He opened the door to his new house, careful like to allow 
plenty of clearance for the blood filled column of dick flesh 
proceed him. He sought out and found the cellar door. Again he
took great care to insure that in opening the door, he did not 
touch any part of his majic wand to anything. At this stage 
anything ... anything could set it off... Now he descended the 
stairs to the cellar floor. There he found, as his hard on had,  
predicted, his new trainees naked, passed out, and with their 
hand dildows plugged deep into each other's ass holes..  

(A sight soo sweet Tom liked to shot his wad right then and 
after all the trouble he went to...)

If it were possible his stiffie got harder at the sight of those 
plugged open waiting holes.. just waiting for him to fill um.. 
(Now �hich un to use... but he had to be quick or he'd lose it.)

He frounded though, for Leo was there, and he was right on the 
top. Tom had wanted to utalize Wendy's tight little neither 
hole... Had set his dick on it.. but now... with his need and 
the situation..  Thus overcome with the 
urgence of the moment he had made the logical choice.. (See the 
little head can thing!!)

He threw down the now useless pants.

Tom reached down and unpluged the dildow from Leo's angry red ass 
hole. From the previous attention it had received from Wendy, it 
stayed open somewhat. (Trainning!!) 

 Tom thought.

Well this is almost what he was looking for. (wasn't it?) A nice 
tight little hole to relieve his morning need. He kicked the legs 
open and saw the sweaty head of the former sweet little housewife
Wendy. He made a mental note... Then using his right 
hand on Leo's middle back, to balance, he lowered the guided 
muscle into the spread open crotch before him. It, all by itself 
acquired and then sunk into that small open docking port just 
waiting for HIM... IT!!. Whatever...

The increased bulk on them brought about a stiffing of the two 
dog tired trainees. But their condition guarenteeded that they 
could do nothing but grunt and endure this new burdon.. 

Leo at first felt relief.  The dildow was gone and his sore asshole
started to relax and close. Then it felt the penetration of a larger 
'thing', but after last night's night school exercises, he just thought 
it was his wifes hand held instrument... again..

The head was almost all fitted inside, then the real resistance began. 
Then the going got hard.. really hard... The closing up stopped and 
the hard fleshy helmit made it inside. (If this was you I know you'd 
stop right now... RIGHT...) Backed up with his whole bulk though, 
Tom's stiffie just powered it's way on right into and through 
the defeated fleshy grommet... No problem.. No Problem for Tom!

Leo grunted as he realized this was not the annoying piece of 
rubber Wendy had annoyed him with last night.  Leo thought as he realized it was the monster 
dicked neighbor and ... and  

"AHHHHHH!!!", Leo grunted as he shifted around trying to 
accmoidate his unwanted penitrator... in its path to his vitals.

Wendy had awoke as the bulk was added to her fleshy burdon. At 
first their had seemed to be some increase in the light there 
under Leo's bulk. Then she perceived another pair of hairy legs 
between Leo's. The two large hairy legs were acopanied by a pair 
of equally hairy balls with their companion dick descending down 
over her face.  

She perceived her right hand, with the dummy attached had been 
flung aside. Then she had a close up, a real close up, of the 
smelly stiffie sinking down ... down .. right into her husbnds 
ass hole. That is till the hairy smelly balls covered her eyes.

Leo was trying to wiggle around some but nothing would get him 
out from the human sandwich. Especilly as the pickle of it was 
sticking in his own tortured ass hole. 

In an attempt to relieve the friction he tried to rise up but 
Tom's great bulk doumed this action. Defeated he just sank back 
down in place onto his wife's smooth soft cusioning flesh and 
endured.  

Soon Leo from his gut perceived a stiffining of his own little 
organ. It was as if the monster invading him had produced a gut  
reaction. The little organ extended itself to it's full 
porportions It encountered, much to her dismay, the soft white 
flesh of Wendy's white throat flesh. 

Wendy even blindfolded by the fleshy orbs, perceived this new 
development. She was disgusted. Then to add to her constirnation,
Leo started tried to friction the little thing on her neck. 

(Ain't that just like a man... Gals?? They all ways blme the old 
lady.)

Wendy couldn't do a thing. She lay there disgusted and try to 
turn away from contact with her husbands disgusting organ and 
endure the weight of the two men as best she could..

 Wendy thought, but the realiztion that she would then 
probally be drowned in blood stopped her chomping down on the 
little maggots dick...

Then as she was comtemplating this deed the putrid little fleshy 
protrusing spat its load of goo into the hollow of her neck... 
(Idn't that just something special??)

All the while she perceived that Tom's balls were danced over 
her eyes, and in her perfirial vision the firm hairy column 
was... well fucking her husband's faggot ass hole...   Wendy was 
happy it was causing Leo discomfort. But now senced that their 
was about to be an end. The hairy orbs seemed to be migrate up 
off her eyes and into the hairy trunk over her chin. The action 
of the hairy body became stoccoto of movement. Then the dick went 
down deep in the hole and stayed there nestled inside her 
husbands ass.  Then the balls seemed to relaxed and flopped back 
down over her eyes. All the while Wendy could do nothing ... 
nothing but lay there and wait... 

Then the bulky body rose up slightly and shifted back some..                  
Then frantically Wendy commensed to try to rool Leo off. She 
knew that timing was critical... She did not want to be in the 
'wet spot' especilly this time ... this time with ...with her 
face there...





The hairy legs shifter back, the balls relocated onto her 
forehead, and the dirty smelly discusting long hairy putrid 
dick, recently a resident of her husband's ass hole, flopped 
down onto her now firmly clenched lips...

Then she heard her debaucher order,

"Come on bitch.... make with some of that tongue action. I like 
soo much. Your faggot hubby got my dick all dirty. But then I 
don't have to tell you.. though. Why you had the best seat in 
the house. Didn't you, you, little bitch... Did the little 
ferry give his little bitch some nice dick snot to show his 
true leanings?? I'll just bet he did..." 

from his position firmly atop the heap of human servants.

Wendy kept her mouth shut. She wished it to go way... Wish she 
would die...

It didn't happen. Tom's goey white cum started to trickle down 
Leo's crack and to drip on Wendy's smooth white chin.

The one eyed smelly monster seemed to be seek out her 
eyes and she knew soon she would have an eye full of greasy dick, 
if she didn't do something. So she decided  it wasn't 
going away, and so to keep her eyes clear she acquesed.

Wendy opened up, ovaled her lips and snared the monster 
effectively blinding it and saving her own eyes from the goo.

"Good bitch..." Tom remarked, "I knew you loved it. Now show me 
some of that lip / tongue action to clean hubbys shit off my 
dick... you good little cocksucker you!!"

 Wendy 
thought as she balked at first and then did as ordered. 

When his dick was clean and starting to harden again Tom pulled 
out and heaved himself up off the pile of human flesh.

 Tom thought. 

Using his right foot he flipped Leo over on his back and 
unshckled the new trainees from their post.

They were soo tuckered out that they just lay there on the 
concrete floor waiting for their masters wishes.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




                        Neighbors # 06
                        by Paladin

As the two servants 'relaxed' unbound finally, on the cold 
concrete floor, a pair of high heals clincking was heard 
descended the stairs to the basement floor. Neither of the new 
'servant' had the energy or the desire to raise up and see who 
was approaching. But then the commnet,

"Tom you stud... I knew that you couldn't just let that tight 
little heinie unpeckered this morning... OH Shit!! You bastard 
you could of at least woke me or waited for me to watch... You 
know how I'd love to work over her little tities with pins 
while you, you big stud, plug that tight little ass..."

Informed the unfortunates that Francis had arrived...

Click...Click....

She continued to stomped her way over to the pair of fucked out, 
exhasted'servants' and observed the unfortunates with distain.

"Well you are wrong... You left um so his fag ass was on top... 
Now you left it that a way..  So I just naturally did his 
instead..." Tom sheepishly informed his partner.. with his wilted 
dick dangling down, used and soft but licked clean..

(Spit shined by little Wendy...you might say..)

"Damn you, Tom... You know Rachael is coming over early and I 
had promised her, she could look over a clean needle dicked, low 
use faggot for her card party, tonight. Now just look at his ass. 
It's all cum filled and yucky... I'm going to be soo embarassed.. 
Don't you ever think of me??" Francis demanded.. "You only think 
of yourself!" as she lifted Leo's unresisting leg and piered into 
his recently used and still dripping ass crack..

"MEN!!!" Francis exclaimed disgusted, "They only think with the 
little head and no big head thought to business!"

"Aw shit Francis.. You know I can't think till I get off in the 
morning. Whyn't you tell me... Woman..." Tom offered in his 
only defense... "Better yet you relly should write it down for 
me.."

By a manupulation of his huge foot Tom, flipped Leo all the way 
over on his belly and then grabbed Wendy by her brown locks.

With a slight exercition he managed to bring Wendy's unresisting 
head to a position superimposed over Leo's yuckie ass crack...

"Lick up that mess in there girley. The faggot has places to go 
and people to serve... And we can't just send him out there in 
front of discriinating customers like Rachael with a cum filled 
ass .... Now can we??" Tom ordered the bairly contious Wendy...
"Come on ... come on... let me see that nice tongue action in 
that ass hole .. you do it so well.."

Leo sencing that any movement on his part would be met with pain 
and suffering. So he did the manly thing, he did the nothing... 
and as he just lay there and waited for his ass licking, he had 
to admit that this wasn't totlly unpleasant. . (Can you immagine??)

Wendy had sheepishly looked into the dank crevice and was 
disgusted... Sure she had serviced the dick that did this but 
well...

 Went through Wendy's 
head.. but then....

Tom had placed his size #13 extra wide width left foot on the 
back of Wendy's small head and compelled the round lump of flesh 
and bone to descend into Leo's nasty crack.

"I said clean this here sluts crack you slut.. You better do as I 
say or I can think up some really nasty things I just might 
need done.... "

"Ever tongue an ass hole after it has finished it's business??" 
Tom demanded. "Real enlightning for a slut like you"

The thought of this was bad but that was sickning... Then too 
Wendy knew she would soon be, if not servicing Leos cum 
filled ass hole, then she would be compelled to do someone's 
shitty ass hole instead.. (Decisions.....decisions...)

Wendy managed to manupilated her face around so that her mouth 
was nearly over the cum filled grommet... Holding her breadth she 
stuck out her tongue, dug in and tested the white stuff therein...

 So she held her breadth 
and her stopped procrastinating. She licked up the whitish gooey 
overflow from around the hole. Then she lifted her head and 
commensed to breathing again... She looked up and saw Tom had 
not left his observation post. So she lowered her face again into 
the smelly crack and commensed to rimming the streatched grommet. 

  Wendy wondered.

(Women... One little foot on their heads and they turn into 
animals... :-) )

Wendy accomplished her labor in a very short time and when 
Francis flipped him over little Leo's pud was all stiff and 
slimy... 

"You filthy pervert... get rid or that" Francis demanded and then 
she tried to stomp the little woodie with her high heal... (Good 
thing Leo was so small. She missed, but the sound of that heel 
crashing into the concrete floor between his legs, drove all the 
desire right out or poor fag Leo. Boy sort of just lost it...)

"I catch sight of that puny little excuse for a dick again, until 
I want it, and I sware I'll have her bite it off. You wanna keep 
it... You'd better keep it hidden there with the rest of the 
shitty curley stuff... You hear me you shitty little fag!!!" 
demanded Francis.

Leo, with both hands, attempted to cover his dick. He could only 
hide it and hope he could control it...  

Francis produced a thick leather belt from her side and commense 
to drive a reluctant Leo up the stairs. When ever she landed a 
particularly good one on his rapidly reddning ass or back, Leo would 
try to reach back to sooth the affected area. Then Francis would 
aim for the hand covering his little organs. (Sort of bunny hop 
progrous. Two steps forward, one step back.)

Either she didn't try hard or Leo was very adroit in his 
protection of his precious man hood.. As Leo survived the trip 
up the stairs sore but in tact.

Wendy still lay there face down with cum on her lips and the 
taste in her mouth as she perceived her naked husband being 
driven like a dog up the stairs of her neighthbors basement 
by her new female neihbor. 

This left her at the mercy of the neighbors husband... TOM...

She looked up at him and she saw he had a pair of leather straps 
in his hands.

"Alone at last... you lucky little slut, ya... Now get up on your 
hands and knees. Just like that cute little doggie, and SHOW ME 
THAT TIGHT ASS!! I saw Now!!" he ordered.

Quickly she scrambled to comply with this order from her 
tormentor.

"Eyes down... Don't you look anywhere but at the floor... Slut." 
he ordered.

Crack...

A stripe of fire lit a path across her right ass cheek..

"I said head down...Slut..."

Wendy was convinced... He had cut her ass cheek in half and he 
would do it again... She knelt there and looked at the cold 
concrete floor where she spent the night... 

A hand began to rub her aching right ass cheek and then the thumb 
knowingly worked its way into her ass crack. Again that thumb 
nail had traced it's way along the crack to the formally secrete 
crevice..

"Liked that rimming didn't ya?" Tom inquired... as his thumb 
worked itself into her vitals.

Wendy staired at the floor and hopped she would just die...

From a cutting pain to a penetrating pleassure... Wendys ass 
commensed to be the source of spasing sticky feeling in her
gut. 

During it's exploration a finger nail found the sensitive little 
nubbin far down at the opposite end of her crack. It commensed to 
teasing it... (Ever scraped one of them things??? Old saying 
"Blow in her ear and a woman'll do anything ... Well you just 
flick her clit and watch... better yet you inexperienced better 
stand back...)

Wendy's tired body forgot its fatigue. It reverted to an animal 
being.. a being of  LUST... She couldn't stop herself, she just 
knelt there, and twiched her whole plugged ass end like the 
bitch, a bitch in heat. She had become... Even when the ragged 
nail compressed her clitinto the grove and threatened to cut it. 
(Bitch just couldn't stop her self...) She at that moment had but 
one mission in this life..  One white hot cum.... and then 
another... and then....

Wendy had become a comming machine... Her cunt proceded to the 
flexing and closing motions she knew were the mark of a slut... 
Even though her cunt hole was empty she got off.... She lifted 
her left hand to fill the void she so desperately wanted filled.

Slapppp

The leather leash, delivered underhanded, contacted the full 
length of her crack,  as Tom had withdrawn his one hand and 
swated with the other. 

The leather on soft nerve filled cunt flesh produced the 
biggest "O".... and awfullest hurt yet. The likes of which poor 
Wendy troubled mind had never experienced...  (Very few bitches 
have... Haven't met the right or is that the wrong man yet..)

The sensory over load liked to blowed the top of her head clean 
off...

She colapsed into a stupor and didn't come back to reality till, 
Tom tired of waiting, flipped her over onto her back, and 
slapped the leash across her sweaty heaving nipples.

Like a swimmer plunged into ice water, Wendy immediately 
regained a burning form of contiousness...

Her tits were on fire and so was her crotch... She didn't know 
where she was. She had but one thought in her pleasure crowded 
mind.... She had to get off.... Again!! Her hands sought, as in 
her preious life, to aid in her quest but were stopped... by a 
stripe of the lash to her ass.

Then Tom knowingly ordered, "Get over here and hump my leg... 
Just like the slut you are... Come on bitch I know what you 
kneed... Come on now quick....Now get to it...."

 she thought as she 
crawled over and wrapped her knees around Tom's right foot. 
Her tits just naturally carressed his right thigh. Her right 
handjust naturally wrped itself around his dick and her 
left slipped into the dank crevice of his ass. Why she sought 
and even thumbed his most personal hole... (Sluts are all like 
that... comes naturally)

She looked up with pleading eyes and he commanded, 

"HUMP...HUP YOU LITTLE BITCH! COME ON SHOW ME WHAT A SLUT YOU 
ARE.."

Then just like he ordered, like some bitch in heat, she commensed 
to humping and humping and then she abondaned all shame she 
behaved like horney sex mad bitch.... Her toungue just naturally 
started to lap the nice large fleshy helmit in her clowded vision.

 Wendy thought as she 
humped and humped Tom's leg.

She now knew she was just this mans little sex mad bitch.... Wife
housewife... bride... nothing else mattered.... 

Whenever she showed any sign of slowing down Tom lifted his hand 
to the ceiling and brought the leather leash to firm contact with 
the now cherry red ass cheeks or the reddning bitches back.

This with the oral command, 

"HUMP... HUMP ...YOU BITCH..." 

produced the reinvigoration of the servant.

Soon Wendy... forgot every degrading aspects of what she was 
doing.. 



Tom watched his sweating dehydrated servant like one would a lab 
rat in a mase.  Applying the needed correction to his experiment 
till...

Wendy finally expended all her energy. She gasped for breadth.
She lost her grips and crumpled to the floor. She had passed 
out... 

Tom grabbed her hair and lifted her head to his crotch level. 
Then he placed his now limp dick to her chapped lips...

"Drink this it will make you feel much better... It is soo warm 
and refreshing..." he related to the catonic servant. In short 
spirts at first he wet her lips and then her hole oral cavity...
finally he had it bathing her tonsels...

Wendy dying of thurst and heat prostration gladely accepted the 
dick and drank deeply of the warm saulty refreshing fluid offered... 

she felt. 

 Even when her head cleared some and she realized where she was 
and what it was she was injesting.. She just could not stop her 
thirst was soo..

After all she was just a bitch... A slut.... and he was her 
master....

 Wendy 
thought...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




                        Neighbors # 7
                        by Paladin

Leo staggared up the stairs to the diseviled rooms of his 
neighbors new house. He was careful to keep his little pud 
covered by his hands... even though his ass smarted with every 
stripe of the leather belt Francis wielded..

Leo's ass hole too felt sore. It was now, hollow, but after all 
the dicking and such through out last night, it just couldn't 
seem to close up..  He worried about a belt stroke on it or his 
pud in their current open exposed state... (He was learning)

The stinging stripes of fire that crossed his ass cheeks, as he 
endevored to climb the steps ahead of Franscis were but she with 
her narrow belt, was trying for the inside his ass crack. She was 
sure, with her deft aim, she would get at it any minute.. now..

(I sware that woman had no patience as she drove poor little Leo 
from one dicking to his next assignment.)

"You better keep that nasty excuse for a mans dick hidden. Why
it's just disgusting what some wimps like you pee through.." 
Francis berated the miserable sisy as she 'encouraged' him to 
alacraty to his stair climbing.

Once in the vacent living room Francis ordered,

"Get up on that packing box and kneel. Now bend forward and close 
your eyes. Stay that way if you know what is good for you."

Leo, wisened from his previous instructions, did as ordered as he 
was ordered. 

Francis placed a confining 'hood' over his head and closed it off 
with a thick colar. The hood was made of thick denium material 
and had openings only for the lower face. Now he was effectively 
blind, naked and at the mercy ofthis women.

he was carevul to keep his puc covered and stay in position.

 Leo wondered.

Once she had her charge securely blind Francis ordered Leo...

"Stay like that and don't you move a muscle. Or I'll tear off your 
slimey little balls. You hear me you Wimp??"

A strong hand over them convinced Leo she ment business.

"Yes Mam!" Leo uttered as he resolved to follow this womans 
orderes till the end.. Denied sight he could not be sure where 
she was. The hand had left his genitals but the ache remained. 
Even though they might hurt now... Leo wanted to keep his family 
jewels.

Then a slap to the inside of his knees, informed him to spread 
his legs wide. He knew his gaping ass hole was there open and 
defensless, but he stayed there as ordered. Hoping for no more 
attacks on his defensless balls or ass hole.

Next his head was forced down, way down, onto the top of the box 
and secured by a 'D' ring in his hood and a rope around the box.

A swat to his tummy caused him to 'suck it in' and keep it there. 

Now he waited... for how long he did not know but the strap and 
the fear of it kept him patience.. Ordinarilary Leo would have 
been  very figity but today, in this position, Leo covered his 
little pud and waited patiently. He did not even try to complain.

Ding-Dong

He heard the door bell ring and curious though he was, Leo held 
his position... and his pud. 

 Leo wondered.

A murmer of voices came to him and then, the closing of the door.

The click of a few pairs of high heels approaching him caused him 
to attempt to slouch some... but...

SWAPPP

A stripe of fire across his reddened ass cheeks informed him that 
he was not to do this..

"You miserable excuse for a male... You hold still and display 
for these good women... Really... I mean you'll know he is new 
but what must you girls think of my prospective servant?"

"I's think you got's us a a white wimp for an audition..." a 
voice informed Leo out of the dark that their was at least one 
other woman viewing his nakedness and open ass hole.

"Don't know... Looks right puny... to me." another voice went 
on, "You'll think he'd be good at house work?"

Leo felt a hand on his right fore arm squeezing it to test 
muscle. Leo steadfstly held his pud.. even when the hnd went over 
hsi belly and up the inside of his leg.

Leo felt a long finger with a curved nail, circle and then with 
no warning, stab right into his ass gaping hole. This brought 
tears to his eyes but Leo held on to his dick and stayed as he 
had been instructed...

(His little woodie did expand, every so slightly.. but it was 
hard to tell.)

"Sure nuff be no good for my Ralph's dick..." another voice 
said, "He be done acquired a taste for little white ass holes 
during his recent trip up state. The joint be full of um. But 
this un...' The finger in his ass hole wigled, "I suspect, it 
get all busted out the very first time.. Won't be no use to buy 
um and haf' to bring um back the same day."

"Well Bula... You just don't worry your little head bout it. Your 
man bust him out and I got the needle and thread to stich um 
right back up.. Workes every time.." Leo sickened when he heard 
Francis's voice informing the other females of his repair 
capeability.

"Well I don't know.. Can I take um... on approval like... Say I 
tries his ass out and Ralph tries um.. and if he don't suits we 
bring um back... OK??" a vioce propositioned for Leo's white 
defensless ass...

"Well now that sounds like a winner. I know you'll have been 
customers of ours for a while. You'll has bought from us before 
and this neighborhood looks promising. I've seen any number of 
interesting potential servants. Not like our old neighborhood. 
That place became practically a ghost town right after we moved 
in. You figure!!"

"Oh wait a minute... I got's to see the dick... Ralph likes white 
pussy too much for me to bring home none of that." the potential 
owner demanded. "I got's to be sure it started out ale afore..."

A fat hand slapped Leo's hands away and siezed his precious 
family jewls...

SPLATT

The strap contacted Leo's ass.

"Get you hands out of there stupid. Woman wants to see you got a dick."
Came the command. "Pideful excuse ain't it??."

"Child you sure he aint one of thouse ...ah... Hemo... You know both 
women and men's?" came an inquiry.. "They's soo small. You sure 
you didn't stole um off a little dog and sewed um on here."

Leo's hands were racked with pain and he knew he had better keep 
um out of the way or the next stroke might catch his nuts as 
well as his hands.

Reluctantly he had dropped his hands and immediately he felt a 
cool feminine hand with long finger nails fish for his now 
shrivled, small organ.

Once the nails found it someone female said,

"Thats got to be just a wart???" the voice questioned as the shy 
organ slipped away from the new set of inquisitave fingers.

"NO No that such as it is, is this sissys dick but it is one of 
the smaller ones. Guarenteeded to be no bother to any normal 
gal. " Francis informed the assembly. "Why Tom had a hell of a 
time busting the bitch of his out to man's size. Out to be a law 
against such little uns..."

Another large femanine hand siezed, this time, his nut sack, 
dick and all.

"I was soo disappointed when I saw this, why,  I thought of just 
tearing these shitty things off. He'd never miss um... You want 
me to do it now?" Francis inquired of the potential buyer as she 
tightened her death grip on Leo's organs under discussion.."Won't 
take but a second or too..."

Leo with tears in his eyes from the pain and outrage, was about 
to try to object when he heard..

"NO Ralph might want um.. He done thought of keeping the little 
white ones he comes across... Then too you do that and I probally 
got's to buy him without the 30 day trial period." the other 
voice argued..

"Well OK you take um on approval but if they ever become 
bothersome, in the least, only take me a minute to tear um off.. 
Why you ain't never seen the change in one of these sissys when 
you have um fry up his own nuts and wenie and then make him eat 
um all up. He become real polite you do just one. Egar to please 
from then on. Or you can just size up his dick for one of those 
holiday hot dog buns." Francis informed the women from her 
previous vast experience.

"Why one fat guy..."

"You don't have to tell me gal. Ralph done brought me to the 
barbaque that day... Fat old guy done been real polite from them 
on. You'll remember Ralph done put that guys wenie in a bun and 
threatened to cut it off right then and microwave it, bun and 
all."

"Gal you do have all the fun..." another voice interjected.

"Cource then Ralph done got all pissed off and tired of um, and 
he really done it... Kind of messy and in my kitchen but well, 
you have to make do with what you got. I mean I had to make 
sausages... out of the rest of um.. You'll want some??"

"Now you'll just wait one minute... It be all well and good he 
got's them hangie down parts that don't disturb but does he lick 
pussy any good??" The voice inquired.

"I mean's Ralph needs be satisfied." the finger in his ass 
twiched." and these be unobtrusive," a clutch to his maleness.
"but will he do it for me any good. I ain't having no whimpie 
little needle dick whitie won't do the nasty for my needie 
pussy. I mean Ralph be tolerable but this be a toy for me too.."

"All Ralph wants to see since he vacationed up state is ass holes 
and elbows and I needs some too."

"I ain't taking um even on approval less he lick my hole to 
perfection." the voice out of the darkness informed the 
assembly and an exhited Leo.

"Yea!! You'll didn't tells us bout his licker... Is it small as 
that there dick he be stuck with??" Another voice demanded.

Leo was horrified. Not only were they arguing over their use of 
his ass hole but they would demand the use of his mouth and 
tongue in some slimy strange pussy...  

"Yho!!! Lokie here gals... Honey the little whimp here gots the 
hots for some pussy licking... The spirit is willing... See here 
the little thing done got all hard.... I can tell cause I done 
felt it small... Boy stick out your little licker so we can 
judge it!" came the demand. accented by a tug to his now 
straining balls.

Leo had no choice he extended his tongue and imediately felt a 
pir of fingers grip the slipery little organ.

"See it is almost normal sized." came the comment.

"Curl the fucker bitch." came another oice with it's demand.

Leo curled and then fluttered and then extended on command.

"I dont know! Be but one test that could convince me... Get um 
down here and we put um to the flutter test..." Cae the demand.

Leo felt himself being taken down and forced to crawl across the 
room. Then he was forced face first into a fishy smelling moist 
damp creice...

"Go ahead boy... Lick that hole..." he was ordered.

"I think  we should of used someone other than Bula here. She 
spread out and suck the boy in we like to be all day getting him 
out of that there hole.." 

"You'll just jelous cause I is a Queen Size.... Get to licking 
whitie... Ralph still got some wenie buns left." 

Upon hearing this Leo comensed to trying to find the hole. He 
went lower and lower and then finally he found a small, like his, 
dick like projection. 

Leo siezed the initative. He sucked it in his puckered lips and 
commensed to fluttering his tongue... Then he was rewarded by the 
comment..

"Boy got talent" was the comment... "I take um on approval."

"Now you'll wait a minute we all wants a free sample of this here 
licker... Francis it is unneighborily to invite us over and not 
give us all a little free sample suck..." came a complaint.

"Denise is right" Francis said. "After all he won't wear out soon. 
How bout you'll enjoy the whimp, and I'll make us some tea... 
That sound OK? Of course we have to go next door as my stuff 
isn't unpacked yet."

"Yea that's good.. But put some scotch in my cup. I trying to 
quit all that cathine stuff... Sposed to be bad for your health 
or so I hear."

(So Leo spent the morning and early afternoon in a place where 
even manley men would love to be, or course he practiclly wore 
off his licker... Well you can't have everything.)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




                        Neighbors # 8
                        by Paladin

As Leo was getting his face all sticky with pussy juice, Wendy 
was being taught her day school lessions by old Tom. (Can you
think of a better way to start the day??)

After an instructive game of 'lick up the spendings on the 
floor', Tom inspected Wendys puny exchuses for tits.

"Woman you're plumb disgusting. You growed a find full ass." he said
with a firm pat to the s,ooth reddened flesh in question, " One 
that takes a firm dicking and give good resonance with my belt, 
but then you come up with those .... those .... misquoto bites 
you have here for tits." Tom grabbed the left nipple and attempted 
to shake the hole chest with such a little handle.

"Where was you hidding when the tittie ferry come to your house, 
when you was a little gal??" Tom demanded.

Wendy had neve been soo berated.  (Well lets say it ran away from her family.) She
could only kneel there, hopping Tom didn't tear off her aching  
nipple with tears in her eyes.

"I won't have it... I see no way out of this slacking on your 
part. You're going to get a boob job..." Tom informed his 
snivling charge as he held a firm grip on her left nipple.

"I seeded  just the thing in a magazine the other day. Bitch had 
a horse shew sowed into the underside of where their should be 
tittie and then her owner had her pumped up to something decent. 
Now don't that sound like a Winner??" Tom demanded.

The twisting of her precious nub convinced Wendy that the correct 
answer, hell the only answer was "YES SIR!!!"

"Come on lets go to a tittie store I know of." Tom ordered as he 
'helped' her up to a standing position by his patented nipple pull
and twist.

Tom snapped a couple of spring loaded paper clips on her 
distended nipples and lead Wendy up the basement stairs.

When the pair emerged from the stairs they observed a black woman 
leading Wendy's husband by a ball leash toward the front door.

Leo, seeing his wife in tears, shouted.... "Wait what's going on... 
Wendy where are you going...  AAAAAAA" 

A gerk on the ball leash stifled further comment from a subdued 
Leo but Wendy answered him as he disappeared out the door...

"They're going to give me a boob job.... "

Tom lead a sobbing Wendy to her house and took her to their 
bedroom. It was a mess from the previous days anticks, so Tom 
had her straighten up some what.

"Now let me see... I should take you just as you are... Saves 
time if'n I don't have to do much dressing and stripping of 
bitches. They's all ways soo much trouble... but we don't get you 
arrested do we?" Tom pondered.

He looked in the closet and found just the thing. He fastened 
Wendy's hands, with a cable tie, in her lap and then drapped a 
long black rain coat of Leo,s' over her sholders. Buttened it up 
and vola... a covering made for the nude.

One which would not be too much trouble to remove at the tittie 
store... He buttoned the coat up leaving the paper clip leash  
protruding through the button flap.

"You give me any trouble and I'll just snap them pink nubs off 
completely... Probally should anyway.... give Gunther more 
freedome to work his tittie growing majic without no limits..." 
Tom informed her as he pulled up the slack in the now mostly 
consealed leash.

"NO!! Please don't.... I'll be good... I promise... " Wendy 
sobbed.. She was covered but the thin covering was soo fragile.

"Well it's against my better judgement... but Ok for now..." Tom 
begrudgingly conseeded. "Now where it the chcekbook bitch..."

"Checkbook???" Wendy repeated...

"Cource... You dont think I', going to pay for your slacking off,
DO YOU?? Now where does he keep it..."

"Over there in the desk." Wendy answered.

Tom took the book and looked at the balance...

"Shit!! Your fucking needle dick husband hasn't got enough 
to do you up right... Well I guess you're going to have to suck 
up a lot of cum for the rest.... I know Gunther'll let you work 
it out in trade..."

Tom turned about and jerked the lead forcing a sobbing new 
apprentismouth whore to the 'Tittie Store'.

"Wait a minute... Ass hole... You're not going to the 'Tittie 
Store' without me!" Francis demanded as they were about to enter 
the van.

"Why last one you had done couldn't hardly stand up. You men... 
Give ya a gal to make over and you fools get carried away... 
Honestly I don't know what you men like soo much with titties... 
Must be tittie envy...." Francis observed. "Gunther just as bad 
as you... Tell him put on a couple of pounds and he'll add a ton."

"AW Francis... So we got a little carried away.. a couple of times.."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





