BDSM Library - Fit Family (House Training)




Fit Family (House Training)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was helpless and alone with her two daughters. They ware at the hands of the low-life and her sister and niece were coming. Is this pervert heaven? Just how much perversion can they take?
Another story by Pagan

               To understand this story you must have read FIT FAMILY.

Fit Family (House Training)


   Bianca stood in the middle of the gym,the girls laid out like beautiful
star`s,their pure young skin marred by the ropes that bound them to the weights
and the bar,they could see the wet sticky marks between their mothers legs and
they knew what the men had been doing to her, they watched as their naked mother
was forced to write a note.

       Hy Trudy,

       Put the car in the garage and come in,you know the code,we are in the
gym,don`t forget to re-arm the alarms,can`t be to careful,you never know who`s
about,see you on the weights.       B.



Alan took the note from her,she could`nt move,Jed held her firmly by the
hair,"Time to get you ready for sis,come on get over there.They dragged her over
to the wall under what used to be one of her favourite pieces of equipment but
was now nothing more than a torture frame for her perverted captors,Jed shook
her,"Don`t get cute,you and your kids are still beautiful,if you what them to
stay that way then keep your mouth shut and you do as your told now stand under
the bar and put your legs together,"Alan laughed,"That's the first and possible
the last time we will tell you to do that",he put three weights at her
feet,"Stand on them",she stepped up and they bound her ankles together and then
down to the weights,Jed lowered the bar until the cross piece was behind her
head.Alan took out the roll of duck-tape,"You know mate every house in the world
must have rolls of this stuff,bet the inventor never thought it would be used so
much to keep women under control",Jed took it and wound it around Biancas neck
and mouth and to her horror the wire holding the bar,"O K lady,grab the
handles",she put her hands up ether side of her and grabbed the hand grips just
as Alan put another weight on the apparatus,it moved up,Bianca choked,her feet
tied to the weights on the floor and her neck taped to the frame,made sure she
had to hold the weights down or she would of hanged herself,the men stood and
gazed at the naked crucified beauty,Jed said"Alan,I know she`s magnificent but
just go and put the note on the door,check the garage is open and see if you can
find some more rope",Alan went,Jed looked at Bianca straining to hold the bar
down.He first went to the two girls,got two weights and put one on each naked
stomach,they had to fight to breath and he only made it worse as he tickled
their knewly shaven cunts,then Jed went up to Bianca and rolled her nipple in
his fingers before pulling it out hard,balancing as she was she had a struggle
to stay up-right,she made muffled noises at him through the gag,he cocked his
head to one side and smiled at her as his other hand went behind her and down to
her ass,his finger pushing in to her crack and sliding it up her ass hole,he
grinned at the girls" For mummies sake lets hope her sister`s not to long".

Ten minutes later the two men stood in the bedroom upstairs looking at the drive
through the lace curtains,suddenly a big Merc came in to view,purred up the
drive and came to a halt at the front of the house. The doors open,first a girl
got out about the same age as the two angels that Alan and Jed had been fucking
for the last 24 hours but she was bigger,much bigger.Anita was wearing the same
little blue suit that the boys had cut off the girls,her legs were thicker and
her ass filled the shorts out beautifully,the crop top was full,over full for a
girl of that age,infact the under part hadn`t enough stretch left to touch her
skin.She ran to the door,both men licked their lips as they watched her top
swing wildly,she shouted,"Mum there's a note",the driver side opened and mother
got out,"If I`ve given up my Saturday lay-in and they`ve gone out I`ll be bloody
annoyed",they could see it was her sister, same great looks,hair longer and up
in a pony tail, same hour-glass figure every inch of it shown off by the white
tennis out fit she was wearing,her firm tanned legs disappeared under the pleats
of the short thigh length skirt,both men let out a low whistle as she took the
note from Anita,"Oh that's all right then,you watch me back in to the
garage,then we will humour them by going to that dam gym of their`s,then you can
take Henry for a walk"Anita pouted,"Oh can`t we take him in",she flicked her
pony tail and said,"He can go in when we have unpacked,he`s too big to have him
jumping around,besides he`II be all right in the car after we give him a
drink",as the car reversed in to the garage the men made their way down and back
to the gym to await their new play things.

 Bianca made more muffled noises at them as they re-entered the gym,her naked
body glistened with sweat her arms shook as she held the bar,Alan looked down at
the girls,tears were running down their cheeks from the pressure of the
weights,Jed went to Bianca and rubbed his hand over her sweat soaked body then
he licked her tit`s, stomach and down to her cunt,much as she hated it she could
only stand there and let him play with her,she daren`t let go of the bar,he
faced her,"God woman even your sweat tastes good and having seen sis I bet hers
will as well",she groaned,"Oh yes she`s a looker too,and girls you were right
about cousin Anita,lots more to play pinchy with,and if my hearings right here
they come,Alan the door".

Jed stayed beside Bianca,Alan went behind the door,suddenly it flew open and
Trudy and Anita pranced in,made a pose and shouted,"Ta-tuatara",then they froze
in shock.Alan locked the door and stood in front of it,Jed just smiled at
them,"Very good and you stay that way or the rest of your family will feel the
full and I mean full weight of our displeasure".Trudy cried"Bianca what
and",before she could finish Jed said "If you don`t shut it I let this weight
drop and sure is sure your sister will swing,now put your hands behind you and
be quick about it".In a panic and with out thinking Trudy did as she was
told,Alan stepped up behind her and roped her wrists and elbows tight,Anita ran
to her mother and held on to her.

As Alan finished wrapping the tape around Trudy`s mouth,Jed let the weight back
on the floor and walked over to the new bound beauty,he bent to Anita,"Love your
mum do you,still kiss her goodnight",Anita nodded,"Good because tonight you are
going to find lots of new, more interesting places to kiss mummy good
night",they both laughed and Jed held Anita tight as Alan led Trudy over to the
bench,"Over you go sis", he put his foot in the back of her knee, pushed her
down and over the bench,grabbed her ankles and tied them together then up to tie
her knees then under the bench and wrapped the end of the rope around Trudy`s
neck locking her down,he stood up and looked down at the firm ass,his eyes
glinted at the little amount of white pantie with it`s little cress were her
ass-hole would be just showing from under the pleated white skirt.

Jed still held Anita,"Al, take the weights of the poppets and take one off
mum,but wrap her arms to the bar with the tape,then leave her there I want her
as a spectator for a while longer"he chuckled as he said,"I`ll give her a more
active roll later".He held the girl by the hair," Well,well your the cute but
not so little Anita are you, the one I`ve heard so much about,and ain`t you got
the nice`s pair of cupie-doll lips I ever seen,just like your mum and your
Aunty,funny how your cousins  don`t have them,"Alan laughed,"Perhaps  differant
dad`s,maybe she`s been giving that cute pussie of hers away ,"Jed laughed but
returned to Anita,"Pleased to meet you",he looked at the freighted girl,"I said
pleased to meet you",her little voice squeaked,"Pleased to meet you sir",Jed
Laughed,"A well mannered young lady,do you say please and thank you after every
thing",her eyes looked down and she quietly said,"Yes sir",Alan left Trudy
moaning in to her gag,"I`ve always wanted one that said please and thank
you,this should be a lot of fun",Trudy made louder muffling noises,Bianca was to
exhorted to say or try anything she just stood there  crucified and helpless as
Jed said,"Just check their all well tied especially the new one,tape her up a
bit more,I think Anita here needs some special treatment else where in this
bloody mansion".

Jed waved at the four helpless females as Alan tied rope around Anita`s neck and
tugged her out the door,they pulled her along the corridor and up the main
staircase in to Bianca`s big bed room,Jed sat on the bed,"Come here you",Alan
threw him the rope and he tugged the tearful girl to him,"Do you love your mummy
and your cousins and of course your beautiful aunty",she sobbed a small"Yes"Jed
tugged her closer,"Then you are going to be a good girl and be bad for us",her
whole frame was shaking with fear,he pulled her face closer,"What are you
frightened of",she blubbered,"Don`t hurt me please don`t kill me",Jed stroked
the side of her face,"What makes you think we are going to kill you,I don`t want
to kill you I just want to fuck you,mind you if you don`t do as we say,I
might,now stop crying and tell me why your tit`s are so big,do you let boys play
with them",she shook her head and whimpered"No they just got like that",Jed was
licking his lips,"Show them to me",she tried to step back,"No no please that's
wrong you can`t",Jed looked past her at Alan,"Persuasion time".

Alan moved to the dressing table,picked up a hairbrush and threw it on the
bed,went up behind Anita and grabbed her wrist pulling them up,Jed grabbed her
around the waist and the two of them got her across Jed`s knee,Alan kept her
arms out in front while Jed trapped her legs,her split skirt was lifted up and
over her back displaying her well filled lycra shorts,she wiggled and
squealed,"No no you can`t",but that was soon silenced by the first stroke of the
brush,instead she howled and howled a further ten times,"You getting the idea
that we mean business",she sobbed,Jed said,"You got the nippers",Alan held both
her wrists in one hand and produced the pliers from his pocket and past them to
Jed.

Jed gripped the lycra shorts,got his hand through the back and held the material
together then with a quick pull had them up between the crack of Anita`s ass
cheeks exposing each white globe,he picked his spot and nipped the creamy
flesh,she screamed,he did it again and again getting further between and towards
her cunt and ass hole,she was sobbing almost voiceless as he asked her
again,"Gona show me your tit`s",one more nip had her pleading,"Yes".

She was stood in front of Jed again,her lovely doll like face red with tears, he
nodded at her saying,"What do you say?",she was shaking with fear,"I`ll ask you
once more,then I beat your ass again,what do you say?",she fought to speak
through the tears,"Please sir,may I show you my tit`s",Jed nodded and lifted his
hand. Her arms crossed and her fingers went under her top,pulling it upwards and
over her head, the bra was more for a woman than a girl,Jed nodded again and her
hands went behind her back and after a second the front of it fell loose as two
magnificent tits fell from them,the arousals were so big,they covered the entire
front of the fabulous mounds. At the centre was a tiny red rose bud of a
nipple,Jed put both hands on her stomach and slowly slid them up until he cupped
the full weight of the young breasts,he grinned in her face,"Put your hands
behind your head,I want complete and utter free access to all of your body,you
delicious young creature.Anita,still sobbing, put her hands behind her head as
Alan knelt down behind her and put his hands on the back of her knees and
started their trip up towards her ass.

As Jed played with and pulled hard on the sensitive nipples, licking all over
the huge white mounds of creamy flesh Alan's fingers slipped up towards the
waist band curled over it and began to tug down,her hands instinctively went to
stop him,Jed looked at her,"You want me to show you how good I am at nipping
these", his tongue licked over her nipple before his teeth closed over it,her
hands immediately went back behind her head as her pants continued their way
down over her ass,her thighs,her knees finally laying around her ankles leaving
her totaly naked,Alan who was still soaking in the sight of her bare ass slid
his hand round and pulled at her cunt hairs,"I feel another shaving coming
on",Jed looked down,"Oh yes cant have anything to spoil the view of that tight
treasure,beside`s it`s going to get licked a lot soon and we want to be able to
watch her mum and auntie tonguing her and doing the business".

As Alan kissed and slavered over her ass Jed left sucking her tit`s and looked
her in the face,grabbed her face between his hands and told her to open her
mouth,she did and he kissed her driving his tongue in to her innocent mouth,his
left hand holding the back of her head his right squeezing her large tit. He
enjoyed tonguing her until he pulled back and looked at her saying,"You ever
been fucked,ever had some cock up that sweet cunt of yours,"she just looked
blank at him,"You ever been buggered up the ass or sucked on a dick", her
silence spoke all he wanted to know,"Another fucking virgin,there is a god".

Alan let Jed go back to abusing her nipples before he whispered in her ear,"Open
your legs",he waited until they slightly parted,"A bit more darling, then bend
your knees",then he pinched her ass until she did what he wanted,he slid under
her ass,turned and pushed his head up between her legs and started to lick at
the virgin cunt,Jed stood up and pushed on the top of her head until she had
bent, opening her legs more and her head was at his waist,then he slid his
trousers down and released his fat swallowed cock.

He held her hair and forced her to look at him,"Your a lucky girl,your not going
to get some spotty bastard kid to break you in,oh no your going to get all your
holes seen too by men who appreciate a young hot fit  fuck machine,and if you
ain`t one now you soon will be,now open your mouth,and say please".

Anita looked at him",Please",Jed smiled,"Please what",she did`nt know what to
say,"Say Please uncle Jed can I suck you big fat cock",she started to cry,Jed
slapped her tit`s,"You told us you always said please now say it",she stopped
sniffing,"P,Please uncle Je,Jed can I suck your big fat cock",Jed roared with
laughter,"With lips like you got of course you can darling open up and wrap them
pouters round this".

Anita slowly opened her mouth,"Take it in, suck it and  lick it like a lolly,we
have already taught your cousins how to please us,now it your turn,that's it
suck it and keep your head perfectly still when I start to fuck  your
throat,Alan was still chewing and licking out her cunt as Jed fucked her
mouth,Anita stood there,her knees bent and her hands behind her head with tears
running down her face letting the men do what they liked to her. Suddenly Jed
pulled out,"It`s no good,can`t wait any longer lets get her on her back on that
bed I just got to fuck these tit`s",Alan and Jed grabbed hold of her and
literally threw her on the bed forcing her on her back,legs wide open her hands
holding her tit`s together,she looked gorges as Jed was on her,he knelt across
her,his cock between the white mounds fucking her tits,his hands dragging
pillows behind her head forcing her head forward,he told her to keep her mouth
open so he could use it, if and when he wanted.Alan lay across the bed,his head
under one leg his hand holding the other leg wide, he kept saying that it was
the cutest cunt he`d ever seen, such perfect smooth lips he worked his hands and
mouth relentlessly allover the young mound probing her cunt and ass.It must have
been ten minutes of playing with her,as he held her cunt lips open and tickled
the nub with his fingers he said,"How we gona break this bunny in,"Jed looked
back at him,"I want her mum to do it,so I`ve been thinking why don`t we get her
on her knees,she can blow me in her mouth and you can bugger that sweet tight
ass of her`s ,I just want to see her mum licking and fingering her until she
breaks her own kid in then having to clean her up with her tongue and these
fabulous tits are the key to that fun".  

"O K fuck bunny on your knees and let the tits hang free",he grabbed her
jaw,"I`m gona lay across the bed and your gona give this old boner the sucking
of it`s life while I have me some fun with them tit`s",she was pulled and pushed
in to position, Alan went to the dressing table and got some face cream,his eyes
saw the  hair brush laying on the floor, he took both of them to the bed and
crawled on,he rubbed the cream into her ass-hole and then finger fucked her to
get it all in while she squealed and cried,she tried to move which is why he had
the brush, three hard swats soon had her doing as she was told.Jed slid under
her and grabbed her hair,"Sucking this will take your mind of what my mates gona
do to your ass",one final sob was heard as she grasped his cock with her lips
and took it back in her mouth,she felt his hands attack her hanging tit`s as the
finger up her ass was replaced by a huge cock that felt like it was going to rip
her ass -hole in pieces. 

Alan held her hips firm as he fucked her sweet young ass,she moaned and tried to
cry out but having Jed cocks firmly stuck between her lips she was fighting to
breath,his left hand held her hair as he drove her head up and down his shaft
his right hand pinched her nipples making them swell up even more for his
enjoyment.Soon the young sweet innocent Anita felt the two men building,they
were now thumping hard in to her,Jed held her hair down as his hips thrust up
jamming the foul meat further in to her mouth.Alan held her hips and was
dragging her back as his cock slammed in to her ass,she thought she would die
until her body was suddenly violated for the first time with male juice,no
sooner had she felt him unload cream in to her ass then a torrent of filth
pumped in to her mouth,she choked and spat but he held her hair tight telling
her to swallow.They got off the bed, stood up and looked at the abused beauty
laying there choking and crying.Alan bent down to her,"I didn`t hear you say
thank you",she managed a pathtic,"Thank you",but Alan was`nt done,he slapped her
sore bottom,"Thank you for what",she tried to look away as she said,"Thank you
for letting me suck the big fat cock and for putting your cock in my bum",then
she burst in to floods of tears,Jed nudged Alan,"Shaving time".They grabbed the
crying girl and marched her in to the same bathroom they had used earlier,they
showed Anita the hair in the bath,"That was covering your cousins cunts this
morning,now lets have yours off",in panic she tried to slap out at the men, they
decided now was the time to tie her.A rope around her neck down to the middle of
her back and her arms crossed  held her captive.They fondled every inch of the
young body as they stood the sobbing girl in the bath and started to soap her
cunt.Ten minutes later they were looking at and playing with a lovely naked
slit,"Lets show mummy your new hair cut", they shoved her bound and naked down
stairs and in to the gym.

The women were as they had left them,Trudy saw Anita and started moaning and
thrashing around,Jed and Alan smiled at her pathetic attempts,First thing was to
untie the girls from the bar,then retie their arms behind them the same as
Anita,Jed reckoned they should be taken for a piss,the way they were tied Alan
could as much fun as he liked slapping their little ass`s as they walked to the
loo,Alan loved that job playing with their bald cunts and sucking on their tit`s
while they each sat on the loo.While the three girls were gone Jed took Bianca
down,she lay at his feet exhorted as he tied a rope around her neck then down
between her tit`s to her hands, about waist height ,he then tied rope around her
waist and left a long piece daggling behind her,the tape stayed  around her
mouth.The girls were brought back,Jed told Alan to gag them and sit them back to
back with their feet pointing out,the three of them looked cute in their little
triangle with their arms tied behind them,Alan then tied an ankle to an ankle so
each one kept each ones legs open.Jed told Alan to have some fun with Bianca and
take her for a piss.He held on to the rope around her waist slapping her naked
ass all the way down the corridor to the loo then had lots of fun with her tit`s
while she humiliated herself by peeing in front of him.While all this was going
on Jed bent down in front of Trudy,"Your kids a good cock-sucker,nice
lips,active tongue she sucks well with a cock stuck up her ass and boy,has she
got some tit`s",Trudy`s head shook as she tried to scream at him,"You got some
fight in you,then it`s time to remove it,you have to learn obedience and in your
position I know were we will start",he picked up the straps.

He picked up the hem of the little pleated skirt and dropped it over her back,
her well filled white pants offered a perfect target, he let the first one
strike,she gurgled,he went round,"Like your sister,never had a man big enough to
whip your ass have you,so it`s education time",Thwack,another then another he
slowly counted  ten before returning to her,"Enjoying night school,how about we
have some revision on your naked ass,lets have a look under them panties at that
round piece of white flesh,see if we can colour it a bit".

The girls started crying but one look from Jed shut them up as he tugged at
Trudy`s pants,just peeling them over her ass he was able to run his hand over
her skin,"Mmmmmm nice very nice",he squeezed the flesh,"Firm, should make a good
noise",

As Alan returned, pulling Bianca by the rope Jed had left to be tied between her
legs up through her ass crack and cunt lips to her wrist`s keeping them held
tightly in front of her,Jed was at number four, the white globes of Trudy`s ass
was nicely stripped,she had gone from screams to groans,the girls sobbed as
quitley as they could so as not to annoy the men, Jed looked at Alan,another
half dozen and she should be ready to listen and behave".

As Alan held Bianca he could`nt stop himself from playing with the rope holding
on to both ends and tugging it first up her ass then tight up her cunt making
her squeal,he whispered,"Shall we tell them how much you like your ass and cunt
stuffed at the same time",her squeal became a groan and her head dropped.
Trudy`s last whipping left her shaking over the bench,Jed stood up,"Your both a
bit smelly,time to take a shower",Bianca shook her head but with a tug on her
rope she knew she was in no position to argue,Jed moved to the girls"But first
these young ladies need to get their mothers attention".

Jed untied Trudy from the bench and stood her up,he left her gagged, her arms
behind her and her knees tied,Alan leered at her white top, filled beautifully
with her tit`s,then to her strong thighs squeezed together and her pants that
just covered her cunt before her skirt dropped to cover the red marks across her
bottom,Jed looked at both women,"Watch and think",he took rope and tied it to
the cross bar, ran it down and across to the girls, made a large noose and put
it over the girls heads and around their necks,then he went to the back of the
apperatus and slid a weight on and the noose tighted pulling their heads
together,the girls stared in panic at their mothers,Jed said,"You do as your
told or I put as many weights on as it takes for you to listen,understand",The
women nodded,"I mean you better understand, any trouble,there is no second
chance",the women nodded,"Right, shower time, get up stairs".

Bianca was forced to walk between Alan and Jed they played with her body as they
laughed at Trudy trying to walk with her knees taped together,as they went up
the stairs Trudy`s ass was on full view,her pants just to the top of her thighs
showed as a white line under her red stripped bottom the men could`nt resist
slapping at it, up under her white skirt,she tried to move faster,falling twice
until finally they all arrived at the master bedroom.Alan and Jed dropped their
trousers,Bianca felt sick as they both had her husbands boxers on, they made
themselves comfortable on the bed,Jed told Bianca to strip her sister and
remember,no second chance.With her hands tied between her neck and under her she
had no chance of easierly striping her sister,Trudy got in all sorts of
positions to try and help,the men laughed hysterically as Bianca tried to undo
buttons,the way Trudy was tied she could`nt get the clothes past the ropes
anyway,Jed shouted,"Rip them from her you stupid bitch,and hurry up my cocks
needs some funning.For at least ten minutes the woman pulled at each
other,falling and twisting to the mens great amusment until Trudy was naked,Alan
and Jed took hold of Trudy and tied her hands the same way as Bianca,then they
taped Blanca's knees together until they both looked the same.He could`nt help
but smile as he commanded,"Kneel in front of your master`s", unable to balance
they thumped to the floor "O K we will take the gags off,No noise,no
pleading,moaning or shouting,we want silence and you do all,all we
say,understand,this ain`t no game,well not for you it ain`t,got it,"they nodded.

They ripped their gags off the women,who licked their dry lips,Jed looked at the
two naked beauties,"You two stink go wash each other in the shower",he grabbed
Bianca`s jaw,"And don`t miss anything in or out we want some nice clean hole`s
front and back,now get the show moving".

They pulled both of them up and watched them waddle in to the shower,the men
lent on the door frame  watching as Bianca tried to turn the shower on,her hands
tried to reach the controls as the rope pulled tight up her ass and cunt
cracks,suddenly the water started and both women started to get wet,Trudy got
gel trying to lather her sister,Bianca had to bend and kneel so her sister could
perform this sick act,thenTrudy did the same but Jed had some more perverted
ideas.

The women froze as Jed said,"Very nice ladies,now it`s time to check you haven`t
missed any thing,come out here",dripping wet they struggled out of the shower,"O
K posh bitch on your knees and you sis, push your ass in her face,your sister is
going to lick your hole`s dry for you",Trudy could see there was no point in
refusing and after some struggling Alan found himself admiring the sight of the
two beautiful women,one bent with her stripped ass stuck in the kneeling woman's
face,Jed pulled Trudy`s ass cheeks wide"If you don`t want your ass as red as
hers lets see some tongue",Bianca bent her head and started licking at her
sister,Jed moved and bent behind her,"Lift your ass,I`ll check if yours is
clean",Jed's left hand played with his cock as he inserted his fingers past the
rope and up Bianca`s ass-hole he was loving the way she squirmed.

Jed smiled at Alan,"Lovely and tight,got to have me some,I think sis`s mouth
could do with some work,tell me if she blows as well as her daughter,I`m going
to be fucking posh`s ass-hole",Alan went to Trudy,"You good with the laughing
gear,going to show me just how good,show me were your daughter learnt her
skills",as he was talking to her she suddenly jumped,"Oh,has sis found your
spot,you like a little tonguing,I`ll see if we can find that spot later,now get
that pretty mouth on my boner and suck like your kids life depended on
it,because---".

Trudy looked at the huge length of meat waving in front of her face and
defiantly shook her head,Alan said ,"Please yourself,your kids mouth will be the
first thing to open when we tighten that noose around  her pretty neck,I reckon
I could get a load down it before she snuffs it.Jed are you fucking her ass
now",before Jed could answer Trudy sucked Alan in to her mouth and started to
pump her head up and down the shaft,"That's nice,you can do that more often but
make sure you get all of it in,theres a good girl".Jed held Blanca's ass, moved
the rope and pushed himself in to her,giving her bottom a swift slap,"Keep
licking her out, come on get your tongue up both her holes",she did all he said.
Alan was enjoying his meat slipping further in to her mouth when Trudy jumped
again,"Jed keep her licking that spot,I want to see sis here moving".

Jed banged as hard as he could at her slapping her ass,telling her to wiggle
it,she should have remembered they like it moving while that have it,he kept
pushing the back of her head forcing her mouth up Trudy`s holes all the time
Alan rammed Trudy"s mouth,smashing her nose down in to his groin as he forced
himself down her throat.Alan and Jed were cuming as Trudy was starting to twitch
and jump to the continues licking of her cunt. Trudy stopped moving when she had
to take Alan's filth in to her throat,he held her hard against him,this time it
was his cock that started to do the twitching, empting it self down her.Jed soon
followed unable to hold back any longer he started grabbing at Bianca`s tit`s
pulling himself on to and in her as he let himself shot his load.The two women
were told to stay as they were until the men had wiped themselves all over their
bodies then Jed said," Thank you ladies,very nice,we will have to do that again,
now shall we go and see your daughters and see what fun we can have with
them".The two women looked with hate filled eye`s as each man grabbed a handful
of flaxen hair and force marched their waddling bound prisoners back to the
gym,whistling a silly tune and slapping the bare ass`s to its rhythm as they
went.

They pushed the women in,"Hello girls,did you miss us,have you been bored,you
won`t be for long,your mums have been dying to show you how much they`ve missed
you",Jed looked at the three girls on the floor their legs spread wide and went
to the apparatus,picked up a weight and slid it in place,the noose
tightened,Anita being at the back and furthest from the bar choked in to her gag
the others started to squeal,Alan held the women as Jed picked up another
weight,"Shall I",both women gabbled "No,no please, no, don`t hurt them",Jed
slide it on,"We told you not to speak,"they heard the weight drop and the girls
heads pulled together and you could see their ass`s lift,he pulled it off"Just
kidding,maybe next time you speak out of turn you get to take it off,and the way
we are going to keep you tied,that should be fun"the women visible shook,"O K
you seem to have got the idea,now as I said you are going to show the girls how
much you missed them by making them happy and a happy girl is one in the middle
of an orgasm",the look on the women's faces was one of total horror,"Jed
smiled,"That's right you are going to make every one of these lovely girls cum
in your mouth by sucking and licking their tit`s and sweet bald cunts,we shaved
them so we would have a much better view of your tongues doing the business,just
to make things interesting there is a time limit,we think twenty minutes should
get all three spitting juice in to your faces and our cocks nice and hard
for,no,we will let you wait for what our next bit of fun is,all you want to know
is, the girls won`t have another weight to contend with, IF your on time".

Alan checked the watch and Jed said,"Your time starts now",the two women looked
at each other,Alan slapped Bianca`s ass,"Your wasting time",they moved towards
the girls,Jed watched them,"I think Anita gets the treatment first,come on Al
get over here let`s get a good view of the ladies dining".

Bianca and Trudy knelt in front of Anita and tried a reassuring smile,Bianca
saved Trudy the filthy act of licking out her own daughter by bending and
starting to play with her cunt,just using her tongue to tickle the bald nub,Jed
sat back stroking his cock,"Hay mum get your mouth on those jugs of hers lets
see how far you can suck her nipple`s out",she stared at him,he was used to the
hate from Bianca so she made little difference,he just smiled as she bent over
her sisters bobbin head and latched her mouth on to one of the pink nipples.

Alan crowed,"Four minutes gone",Bianca was forcing herself to lick as fast as
she could,she knew they would do anything to the girls to get their sick
perversion`s, she could hear her sister sucking and licking at the tit`s above
her and,thank god, she could taste wet juice coming from her nieces cunt.She lay
down trying to fold her bound hands in to her stomach so she could work faster
getting her tongue in to the entire hole,Trudy sensed that her daughter was
becoming aroused so she licked and sucked at the tit`s,Jed and Alan watched what
was to them a real turn on,two beautiful bound women going at a bound and gagged
youngin,they give themselves pleasure by stroking their cocks.They could see
from Anita's eyes that she was aroused and  breathing hard through her nose.

Alan knelt down beside Bianca and rubbed his hand over her ass,"Your good or
should I say your tongue is good,thought it was when you had your face up her
after the shower.Now girls,bring your knees up,that's right,Jade ,Lauren close
your legs,ohhh look at Anita's cunt,go on Aunty,it`s nice and wide, you can get
right in now",he grabbed Trudy`s hair and pulled her off the nipple,"Look at
your sister go up your kids cunt,she got a real talant for licking cunt,but you
know that don`t you",she bit her lip and tried not to scream at them,"You`ll be
doing that up her kids soon,and seeing the way your kids ass is moving it won`t
be long,oh and just to tell you, by her husbands watch,your running on time,now
finish her off",he shoved her back on to the pink swallowen nipple but Anita
suddenly flooded and much to the delight of the men  squealed as she spit her
juice in to Bianca`s face.

Bianca collapsed but not for long Jed grabbed her,"Don`t wipe it off,just get
between another set of legs,that goes for you to sis,O K girls knees up legs
wide let mum and aunty in there",both women now resigned to their fate moved
between Jade and Laurens legs and started all over again,Jed knelt watching them
as his right hand played with Anita's enlarged nipples,Alan knelt between the
two outstretched women and stroked the firm round exposed globes of their
perfect ass`s,watching them tonguing out the young girls and enjoying their
humiliation.

"Don`t she taste nice mum,"Alan slapped Bianca`s ass",I could`nt get enough of
her juicy cunt when we first took them,we reckon their born lezzie`s,after they
blow jobed us they tongued each other ,I bet their getting wet as I speak,take
after their Aunty,she likes her cunt tongued out, you must have tasted it when I
was fucking her mouth,was sis nice or has she lost that sweet taste of
youth,it`s all right no need to speak with your mouth full,I`ll find out for
myself when I play with her later,"he took his hands off them and played with
the girls nipple`s,"Ohh Lauren your nips are hard,your liking your Aunties
tongue up that sweet hole of yours arn`t you,"he looked over at Bianca working
on Jade",Come on mum you`ve a lot more licking to do yet".

Jed's hand had found it`s way down to Anita`s cunt,it was still wet and he
played up and around it,making her smell it on his fingers or wiping it on her
nipple then leaning down to lick it off,he looked up at her,"Bet with tit`s like
these you can lick your own nipple,and I would like to see your tongue on your
lovely nipples,you can show me later when we are alone",her eyes opened wide at
the fear of being helplessly alone with this deranged pervert.Jed`s mind was
taken off Anita as Lauren started to squirm and make the same heavy breathing
sounds in to her gag that Anita had made earlier,"Oh yes another little
creamer,that's it girly cream it all into your aunty`s mouth,move your ass shove
your cunt in her mouth and you bitch, swallow it,"with out leaving Trudy`s eyes
he shouted,"Come on mum your lagging behind,suck that cunt,you have three
minutes left.Trudy wiped her mouth the best she could,she looked at Jed's
sneering face as he took in the sight of a beautiful woman`s face spattered in
her young nieces juice.Trudy`s mind was taken back to the urgency of Bianca, she
quickly pulled Laurens legs together so Jade would open more,Bianca drove her
tongue in furiously and Trudy moved over to Jades nipples.With 30 seconds to
spare Jade started  to move her ass and push her cunt in to her mothers
mouth,then she squealed and little spurts of juice splattered Bianca`s face,she
lay there between her daughters legs she sobbed at what she had been forced to
do.Jed got up,"Very good ladies,most enjoyable,and watching you eat has told me
I`m starving,"Alan got up,"You mean 5 in a row",they both laughed as they set
too untying the girls from each other,soon the three girls had hobbling ropes on
their ankles,enough to let them shuffle about four inches at a time,still with
their arms tied behind them,the women`s knees where untaped and they too were
hobbled and their arms tied behind them.Alan disappeared to the kitchen while
Jed let the women go one by one to the loo,Alan came back,"Jed there`s that
fucking dog in the garage,it`s the mutt they brought with them,I forgot about
it", Jed grined,"I have`nt"..Alan walked in front and Jed brought up the rear as
they all trooped in to the kitchen,Alan had prepared themselves some sandwiches,
while five bowls were in a row at the edge of the table,Alan and Jed lined the
captives up, positioned themselves behind the women and then told them to eat.

The two men smiled at each other as they watched five lovely rounded ass`s bent
while they ate,Alan shouted,"You know how to eat unless you want the
pliers,"Lauren whispered to Anita,"Wiggle your bottom or they will hurt us",Jed
smiled as the five cute ass`s wiggled in front of them,Jed whispered,"I`ve been
thinking,how would you like to take that dog for a walk,after that we can shave
the last two,then we should cover their bald cunt`s with some-thing nice and
very tasty,I`m sure doggy is hungry,just a little experiment in to how much
licking sis can take,what you say",Alan nodded",Just an experiment can`t hurt
can it,trouble is I`ll get such a fucking hard on",Jed looked at him,"Why worry
we`ll use a couple of the kids to suck us so we can lose a load",they sniggered
as they stroked and fingered the wiggling ass`s.

The men got up, moved away and made their plan,"Al you nip to the garage get a
hammer and a dozen big nails,you know the two oak stantions ether side of the
gym, what are they about six feet apart, drive a nail in,one at neck height,one
at knee height and one about ankle height,do that to each one,if you see anymore
of that builders rope bring it,then see to the dog but keep it hidden,I`ll see
to the girls and be ready with the women when you get back",As Alan left he
pocketed a jar of pea-nut butter Jed went back to his  favourite occupation of
ass tickling the females until they had finished.

Alan opened the gym door,Jed had done the business,the three girls were kneeling
their wrist tied to their ankles,he knew they would be gagged as Jed never could
stand the sound of women moaning. The two women were standing in the middle of
the room,still hobbled,not only their wrist`s tied but also their elbows,Jed
smiled at him and nodded to the nails,Fine job,make a chippy out of you yet,lets
have aunty first,they took Trudy over between the stanchions,first they anchored
the rope to  a nail then around her neck and up to the nail on the other
side,they untied her feet, dragged her ankles out and tied her wide legged,then
her knees had the same treatment leaving her totally open and exposed.Bianca was
taken to the other side of the room and had the same done to her,they stared
helplessly at each other across the room daring not to speak,Alan disappeared
only to return with the bowl,soap and razor he had left out-side.Jed stood in
the middle of the room,"Eeny-meeny-miney-mo,oh good it`s Trudy your going to
look lovely with a hair cut".The two of them knelt in front of her and started
to soap her up really enjoying playing with her slippery cunt,soon she was as
naked as her daughter,Alan could`nt resist a little snog with her bald cunt lips
as Jed prepared to enjoy Bianca,Alan was no help but Jed did`nt mind,he laughed
up at her,"Not a lot to take off you,done half the job for me", and soon he too
was slobbering all over a nice naked pussie.

Alan went back out side and fetched the peanut butter and looked at Jed,who
answered"I can`t wait to see this it`s got to be Trudy",they smeared the butter
all over her cunt then in to it,pushing it up as far as they could, then up her
ass cheeks finally up in to her ass hole.The silence in the gym was broken by
gasps from the woman as Alan brought the dog in,Trudy screamed,"No no Henry out
go go",Jed punched her in the stomach,as she hung there fighting to get her
breath back,Alan flicked off the lead and let Henry go.Jed still had some butter
on his fingers he put it to the dogs mouth,the long tongue slavered all over
Jed's hand,that brought a real wide grin to his face,"It`s Henry is it, come on,
this is your lucky day,here have some more",he lead his hand to Trudy`s cunt and
the dog followed.Trudy squealed as the dogs nose went between her legs,the men
stood in front of Trudy but made sure everybody else in the room could see what
was happening as he announced,"A lesson in house training for our fit family".

The dogs tongue was a frenzy of activate as it licked furiously at the bald cunt
his head twisting from side to side as his tongue searched for the food.Trudy`s
face was a picture for the two men she bit her lip,strained her face to look
anywhere but at her tormentors as the dog finished licking her cunt  and started
to nuzzled further inside her.Jed could see the dogs nose rubbing at the nub of
her clit while the tongue disappeared up her,he nudged Alan as her hip suddenly
and involuntary jumped forward,"Oh Henry`s getting to her,I knew she was a
licker,go put a bit more on her clit this should be fun".Alan grinned at the
beautiful women  he knew she dare`nt speak,her eyes said enough,they closed as
he smeared more on her clit then stood there waiting for them to open again as
the dog`s tongue licked at it,she was moving faster,her hips jumped more and
more.Jed laughed,"I can`t quite work out if she`s trying to get away or get more
tongue up her". Little words of,"Oh god no no oohhh  no stop him pleassee,I
can`t not in front of the girls,please have mercy,ohhhnoooo,"uttered from her
open mouth, Alan took advantage of the panting woman and brutally kissed her,"Oh
yes you can and your going to".

She could`nt stop suddenly her body betrayed her,with a cry she let her full
weight drop, her cunt started to jerk,pushing out searching for the dogs
tongue,her straggled voice cried ,"Oh god, yes, yes, please yes, let him have
me",Alan stepped back,"Oh yes sweetheart we are going to let him have you".

Jed moved back to Bianca,folded his arms as he lay against the wall,"She`s
having a good time,bet you can`t wait for your turn,thats a hell of a tongue to
have up your cunt and do you know we are having great fun finding out things
about sisters,old or young",she groaned and turned her head away,he ran his
finger along her slit,"Not even wet,you know,I`ve got a hell of a hard on
watching that,and after you`ve been house trained,your going to find out later
just how hard".

Jed ambled back smiling at the three bound beauties knelt on the floor,"I expect
we will let you play with Henry some-time soon".By this time Alan was licking at
Trudy`s tit`s just adding to her forced pleasure,Henry was working his way from
a pea-nut buttered ass to a new taste that was now dripping out of her cunt,as
for Trudy she was making some incredible sounds from "Yes,yes" to,"God please no
more",but her ass wiggling would not stop,the men let her cum at least three
times to their knowledge before Jed pulled Henry away and looked at Bianca.

Trudy hung there unable to stop Alan having a good feel of her soaking pussie,he
grabbed her pony tail,pulled her head back and forced his cum soaked fingers in
to her mouth,whispering,"Henry`s got good taste,don`t you think".Jed was already
tormenting Bianca,waving the jar in front her face as he held the excited dog
close to her,she looked defiant her eyes full of venom,she knew she would kill
them both if she got the chance,she bit her lip as Alan strolled over and took
the jar from Jed`s hand,slowly he undid the lid and scooped a hand full out.

He stood in front of her and as he started to plaster her the same as he had
Trudy,he shouted to the girls,"Ready to watch mum dance",as he finished he
licked some off his finger,"My your finger-licking good".Her whole body tensed
as the dog pounced on her,his tongue as active as ever,both men looked back at
Trudy but she just hung there oblivious to her sister`s torment.Jed and Alan
stood ether side of her and looked down at the dogs head as it worked to get at
the butter,their fingers amused them selves by toying with her nipples,it wasn`t
long before both men smiled as the buds became firm then hard and Bianca`s ass
started to move like they had seen Trudy`s earlier.A new game presented it`s
self as she started to moan and surcome to the dogs continues licking,she was
dripping her juice in to the butter that they had pushed up her cunt and it was
exciting the now aroused dog and a long pink cock was visible sticking out of
it`s sheath.The more she fought not to amuse the men the more her hips jerked
and dipped at the dogs tongue,"Please no no oh god I`m coming
yes,yes,ohhhh,yes".No sooner had her hips stopped and her heavy breathing
subsided then Henry`s tongue had her moving again and any amount of pleading
looks to the men were meet by sneering smiles.

Jed was fascinated by the pink cock,he looked at Alan,and nodded towards the
girls,"Bring big tit`s over to me",Alan half lifted and half dragged the bound
Anita over beside the dog,Bianca was in the throws of her second orgasm as Jed
bent beside Anita and pulled the tape off her mouth,"Hello fuck bunny",he
grabbed the back of her head and forced her face down and under the dog,"Henry
wants you to do him a favour,as he has made your mum cum I think it would be
nice of you to do the same for him,you know how you sucked my cock",she stayed
silent,"I asked you a question",he could hardly hear her "Yes".

"Well your now going to do the same for Henry,you see Henry wants those lovely
cupie-doll lips of your`s around his cock but you have to ask me nicely",a
shaking petrified voice said,"P, Please can I I suck Henry`s c, cock",Jed shoved
her head forward,"Of course you can,now get your face around that cock and don`t
stop until he fills your cute little mouth with juice,I`ll be watching",he
looked up at Bianca who was jumping and pushing her cunt at the dog,gurgling and
moaning as Alan sucked at one nipple while playing with the other,he looked over
at Trudy who was staring at him hating what he was forcing her daughter to do,he
just blew her a kiss and then mockingly stuck his tongue in the side of his
cheek and poked it a few times looking like her daughter sucking cock.

Henry`s back legs parted and he began to thrust while jerking his back,his
tongue was insatiable he could`nt get enough of the juice running out of Bianca
and she was helpless as he was making her cum for a third time.Henry`s cock
thumped in to Anita's mouth,with Jed`s hand holding her head tight and his other
hand playing with her between her legs,she realized her ass was stuck up in a
very vulnerable position she had no other option but to keep still and let the
dog use her mouth, until she coughed and choked as the juice from the dog spat
down her throat.Henry stopped and turned to lick his balls then moved away,he
had`nt finished off Bianca,her hips were still moving and she was still
moaning.As Jed turned Anita over his mouth began to abuse her tit`s while his
hand played between her legs. Alan dropped the boxer`s and stood in front of
Bianca,gripped his hard cock and shoved right up her to the hilt and stood there
looking at her,"You want to come then come on this",humiliated as she was she
could`nt help herself,she pumped her legs franticly, begging for relief,her open
mouth was an invite Alan was not going to miss,instantly  his  tongue invaded
her`s.  His hands massaged the big bouncing tit`s not hurting her but rubbing
them, he could see it was making her hotter,he could tell she wasn`t able to get
as much leverage from her legs as she needed so he pulled his mouth off her and
grinned,"Ask me nicely",she was past that point and he heard her,"Fuck me you
filthy bastard,just fuck me and make it hard,I need to be fucked,do it,for
Christ sake do me". With one hard thrust he pumped in to her wet sopping
cunt,she groaned and then yelled,"Yes,thats it go on do it,do me,give it to me
you bastard,take it you want it, for Christ sake fuck me",Alan fucked her so
hard,he was lifting her of the floor then he would suddenly stop and allmost
pull out,carry on playing with her tit`s and smile as she fought to get it up
her,he waited, he knew eventually she would be begging him again.

Jed could see the wild way Bianca`s body was going at it,he left the crying
Anita and went to them,"Get her down and over the bench,you have back and I`ll
have some mouth".With in seconds Bianca was over the press-bench with Alan
fucking her from behind and Jed's hands ether side of her face,holding her still
with his cock stuck down her throat,she was still hot and Jed was enjoying her
sucking him all the way as Alan banged her hard, as hard as she could take
it,both of them knowing she was so horny and in no postion to stop them,they
were enjoying her.Jed looked at the bound and gagged Lauren and Jade,"Your
mother fucks up nicely a real hot fucking machine,we will soon find out if you
take after her and of course see if you like pea-nut butter",the men smiled at
each other,they had now made Bianca beg them to fuck her for the second time,Jed
turned his head and knowingly smiled at Trudy, it was going to be her turn to do
the begging next.

                 

                                                                PAGAN




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





