BDSM Library - Missy Takes A Slave




Missy Takes A Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sadistic woman torments a teen hooker then enslaves her housekeeper.
Missy Takes A Slave

	Missy Rogers, an attractive successful corporate attorney, preferred to
be called Mistress. At twenty-eight, Missy lived alone in a spilt-level ranch
house in an upscale neighbourhood. The lowest level of the house was the
basement. The level to the right and half-way above it was a secret chamber. The
level to the left of this one, directly above the basement, contained the
kitchen, dinning room and living room. The level to the left of this, directly
above the secret chamber had the bedrooms and bathroom. Now the secret chamber
was divided into two parts. The first part held an entrance to the basement, a
sofa, fireplace, and entertainment center. Though all the videos in the polished
wood cabinet were of the hardcore erotic variety. Another cabinet held sex toys
and implements of torture. The second section, referred to as the Cell by Missy,
was just that. The single window was high above the room and painted black, as
well as having three iron bars across it. It contained a metal toliet and metal
shower on one side of the room. Across from the "bathroom" was a mattress.
Across from the door, directly below the one window, was a set of manacles
chained to a reinforced steel bar protruding from the black concrete walls. So
far the Cell had remained empty and only Missy knew of it's existence.

	Missy had purchased her first dildo at age eighteen. Although she
enjoyed straight sex, she had always fantasized about other women. Not just
fucking them, but totally dominating them. In college she preyed on weak,
confused girls who didn't adjust well to college life. She'd strike up a
friendship with them, eventually lure them back to her room and seduce them.
Those who didn't seduce easily were emotionally manipulated into agreeing to
'experiment' with their new friend. The third girl was the best, she was very
submissive and had natural lesbian tendencies. She meekly consented when Missy
shoved the good old ten inch rubber dick too deep into her pussy then her
asshole. She felt she had no choice but to submit when Missy wanted to try
spanking. Spanking that little farm girl gave Missy the best orgasms of her
life. So the next week, Missy bought a leather covered paddle. And the next
month, a cat'o'nine whip.

	By the time she had the Cell prepared, she would visit hardcore lesbian
bars or pick up hookers. The hookers were the most fun. No matter how she abused
them, they couldn't exactly go running to the police. The most memorable was a
girl who called herself Candy. She was painfully thin and young looking. Missy
judged her to be no older than fifteen. She was most likely a runaway. Missy
found her on a cold street corner wearing an obscenely short tattered black
skirt and a red tube top that barely concealed her tiny breasts. Missy made her
take a shower before getting down to business. Then she led the nude girl down
to the entertainment center. "I ain't never done a chick before." Candy
confessed. Missy smiled reassuringly, "I'm sure you'll do just fine. It's better
to be with another woman. A woman knows what pleases her so she can better
please another woman." Candy nervously twirled a stand of stringy blonde year,
"But how we gonna do it without a youknow." She blushed. Missy laughed and
laughed, "My dear girl, that is only a small part of sex, especially among
women. But to answer your question," Missy held up a thick twenty-four inch
double-headed dildo the colour of tanned flesh. Candy looked at the sex toy in
terror, "Ma'am that ain't gonna fit in my cunny." Missy held it at the half-way
mark, "Sweet Candy, half of this is for me." The girl shook her head, "That
still too much for me. A john with a smaller dick than that did me once and it
hurt. I couldn't take anymore than that." Missy revealed a tube of lubrication,
"Yes, you could with the right encouragement. In fact why don't we begin now."
Missy laid Candy on the floor and spread her long, skinny legs. Missy knelt
between her legs and stroked her inner thighs. Then she kissed the girl. Candy
responded hesitantly. Missy moved down to Candy's breasts. She orally tormented
Candy's nipples until the girl screamed for release from her erotic torture.
Then she proceed to eat the girl's pussy in a way no one had ever bothered to
before. She didn't stop until Candy had had four orgasms. By now, she was so
wet, no lubrication was necessary. Missy began working the dildo into Candy. But
the girl thrashed around so much, moaning and screaming in an orgasmic frenzy.
Missy finally solved this problem by tying her wrists to the legs of the sofa.
Then she tied pieces of rope around Candy's ankles and tied the other ends of
the rope to the same legs of the sofa. It forced Candy into an uncomfortable
position, her butt raised off the floor. Problem solved,  Missy resumed working
the dildo into Candy's pussy. Candy began complaining about the pain when nine
inches were buried inside her. "Yes, dear, it hurts. But it feels so good too,
doesn't it?" Missy paused her work to tweak Candy's nipples. Twelve inches was
absolutely as much as Candy could take. Missy thought about trying to get more
in but that could kill the girl and Missy wasn't ready for murder yet. She
untied Candy's legs then worked the other end of the dildo into her own pussy.
They fucked until Missy couldn't move anymore. She fell asleep on top of Candy.
She awoke a couple of hours later. Candy was asleep still.

	Looking down at the young whore, who seemed so innocent in sleep, Missy
felt pure evil run through her veins. She was gripped by the sadistic desire to
force everything bit of pleasure the girl should experience into the most
agonising pain. In the grip of this sickness, Missy ran across the room and
emptied out a drawer of Sadomachism equipment. Seizing a blue ballgag and
alligator clamps, she returned to Candy's side. Half of that monster dildo was
still buried deep within Candy. Missy seized the girl's jaw and forced her mouth
open. Candy awoke and tried to scream but Missy slipped the ballgag into her
mouth. She retrieved the black vinyl glove. She untied Candy's wrists and forced
her arms into the glove before Candy could begin to struggle. Missy secured
every buckle on the glove and left Candy sitting there while she got the
spreader-bar which she used to hobble Candy just above the knees. Missy's eyes
fell on a tube of lubrication which prompted her to turn Candy over, grease up
her butthole and force the other end of the monster dildo into her ass. It was a
sexy sight. A little tramp in bondage with both ends of the same double-headed
dildo in her. Missy ran for her camera. She moved Candy around so she could get
shots from every angle. Then she went to work on Candy's tits. She squeezed and
slapped them, ignoring the desperate pleading in Candy's blue eyes. Missy slowly
attached the cruel clamps to Candy's delicate little pink nipples, savouring her
task. She took some more photos then changed into a little red sequeined dress
sans underwear. What she had done to Candy had her so excited, she couldn't
masturbate, couldn't fuck Candy or anyone else, she just wanted to be fucked
while she remembered this evening's events.

	Missy went to this lesbian bar she only went to when she wanted to be
fucked rather than fuck. Big Bertha was there. Big Bertha was a big(though not
fat) handsome woman who enjoyed wielding a dildo more than anything else. She
sensed Missy's need and led her to the restroom. They went into the farthest
stall. Missy knelt on the toliet lid, hands bracing on the toliet tank, waiting
for Big Bertha to take action. Big Bertha slid Missy's dress up to her waist,
took out the ten inch black rubber dildo she always wore to the bar, gave
Missy's butt a stinging slap(which surprised Missy but she was too excited to be
offended the way someone as sadistically dominant as her might be) and plunged
that rubber dick home. "Yeeeessss!" Missy didn't try to muffle her screams and
moans knowing that this kind of thing was common in this bar(where married women
came for a thrill to escape their bored husband-children- minivan lives). She
came and kept on cumming as Big Bertha continued to punish her pussy. She'd have
the most erotic bruises to feel and remember during tomorrow's boring meetings.

	On her way home, she bought a long length of organic rope, the same kind
they used in Japanese bondage. Once home, she logged onto the Internet, and went
to her favourite Asian Bondage site with the intention of copying the situations
on Candy. She removed the bondage glove, ballgag and spreader-bar. Candy's mouth
was too sore to scream and her limbs had gone numb so she couldn't attempt to
escape. Looking at the pathetic heap of a badly abused young girl, Missy felt
only desire. She sat on the edge of the couch and dragged Candy over her lap.
She caressed her ass before spanking the poor girl.

	She tried out several torturous Asian bondage positions on Candy for a
couple of hours, taking several rolls of film. At 4:30 in the morning, she
dumped the abused, blanket-wrapped Candy in an alley in the red-light district.
She dropped Candy's clothes on the moaning heap of girl-trash and stuffed two
hundred dollars worth of twenty dollar bills up Candy's cunt.

	The first resident of the Cell was a Hispanic immigrant who spoke little
English. Missy placed an ad in the newspaper for a live-in domestic. She
deliberately selected the one with no family who spoke little English. Nina was
a pretty raven-haired twenty  something year old. Missy waited a week to make
her move. On Nina's seventh night there, Missy surprised her in the shower.
Without saying a word, Missy gave her some lesbian loving. Over the next two
weeks, Missy thought Nina how to eat pussy. Soon, every evening when Missy came
home from work, she'd sit on the couch with her legs spread and Nina would kneel
between them and eat pussy. Then Missy trained Nina to enjoy dildoes. Each
night, before bed, Missy would pop a porn video into the VCR, have Nina get in
doggy position in front of the TV, kneel behind the maid and fuck her. The
videos started out light, straight sex, threesomes, lesbian sex, then got
heavier, spanking, bondage, submission. Within two months, Nina was willing to
let Missy spank her. Missy progressively spanked the maid more brutally. Then
whipped her. Missy had trained Nina carefully so she enjoyed these acts.

	Then Missy turned to bondage. Light stuff, at first. Nina was tied up
and gagged while Missy fucked her. Then Missy began to leave Nina in bondage for
hours. The day came when she tied Nina up spread-eagle with a vibrator in her
cunt and went to work. When Missy came home, the sex was hotter than ever. Soon,
Nina would be locked in the Cell at nights after being spanked and fucked. Then
Missy began to leave her there all day. Nina was not very happy with this
development but Missy ignored her.  Missy locked Nina into the Cell for one
month straight with even opening the door once. Nina was given two meals a day
through a silt in the door. One night, at the end of the month, Missy opened the
Cell door and drew Nina out. Her eyes were very sensitive to the lights. Missy
helped her take a long, warm bubble bath. Nina, after the months in which Missy
had made her into a sex maniac, was crazed for a fuck. This was what Missy
wanted. She introduced Nina to her new pet dog, a german shepherd named Roger.
Nina was so horny, she didn't hesitate when Missy told her to fuck the dog.
Missy had gotten some hormones from a bitch-in-heat and she rubbed some on Nina
so the dog would be willing to fuck a human bitch. Nina got onto her hands and
knees and received her first animal fuck. She came and came as the doggy dick
pounded into her. Missy had been taping this encounter.

	By the time Nina had been with her for one year, Missy was tired of her.
She was too submissive, too happy to obey Missy. Missy wanted someone to rape,
to force to perform, to humiliate and degrade. It was tough to enjoy a willing
slave. She needed a spunky slut to tame. But she couldn't just fire Nina. The
woman knew too much about Nina. She could tell the newspapers or attempt
blackmail in the future. Missy was a member of a loosely organized Internet club
for hardcore S & M practioneers. She asked one of members who seemed to truly
live S & M if he had any ideas, short of murder, on how to dispose of Nina. He
knew a travelling underground sex club that was always looking for new
performers. They kept their performers in slave-like conditions and he suspected
the women were indeed sex slaves. They would be willing to purchase Nina.

	Missy called the unlisted number her friend gave her and asked about a
job interview. They set up an appointment. Nina met a couple at a motel room in
another city. She had Nina with her and some tapes of extra special fucks. She
had Nina strip nude. The couple were pleased with Nina's face and body,
especially her shaved pussy. But they were disappointed that she had no
piercings. They made it clear that if they bought Nina, they would pierce her
nipples and possibly her clit. When they saw the tape of Nina fucking the dog,
they made an offer of ten thousand. Missy didn't need the money but accepted it.
The couple attached some electronic ankle band to Nina's ankle. They said that
if she went out of a certain range, it would alert them and shock Nina into
immobility. They told Nina that slaves didn't wear underwear, only freewomen
did, as they dressed her in a short black velvet dress, four inch heels and a
long coat. Nina seemed a little worried but not too scared. The couple
complimented Missy on her slave-training talent and said they'd be happy to do
business with her again. Missy was so horny at the knowledge that Nina would
spend the rest of her life fucking dogs and learning to accept horse dongs into
her fragile body, she sped home to her city and to Big Bertha.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





