BDSM Library - Tara's Harem




Tara's Harem
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Billionaire lesbian Tara collects and abuses beautiful women.
Tara's Harem

	Tara  walked into her playroom, hiding the true extent of her fury from
her employees. To think she'd actually had trusted the whore Gina.  Imagine
walking into her own bedroom to find her supposed friend Gina with Tara's
fiance's dick up her ass. The slut. Well, Tara had had the scrub whipped to
death, but Gina was going to suffer a much worse fate. And no one could question
Tara, she was a billionarie and this was her own private island. Tara was a
pretty, petite brunette. Gina the slut was fucking gorgeous, with a tall,
38DD-24-36 tanned body and long blonde hair. She had a luscious red mouth and an
ass to die for.

	Tara wore only a red silk robe. Gina was nude, she was unchained. It
wasn't necessary, Tara could take care of herself, especially against a slut
like Gina. "Tara, please." Tara slapped her former friend across her gorgeous
face, "Do not speak unless I instruct you to, whore." Gina's back was covered in
welts from the past three days. Her servants knew how to take care of her
slaves. Each day, the slave was to be given fifteen lashes on her back to remind
her of her place. There had been male slaves in the past, but Tara enjoyed
slave-sluts more. "Slut, you are now my slave, subject to my whims. When you
answer me you are to refer to me as Mistress. You have no other purpose than to
amuse me."  Tara cruelly pinched her slave's nipples. Gina whimpered. Tara
slapped her again, "SILENCE!" Tara knew her slave couldn't prevent herself from
making audible sounds, she looked forward to punishing her for these offenses.
Tara sat in a plush red chair, dragging Gina across her lap. She ran her hands
across her slave's hot looking ass. She slid two fingers into her dry cunt.
"What?! The slave's not wet for her Mistress?" Tara spanked Gina's ass as hard
as she could for four minutes. Gina cried and begged for mercy. "I said, DO NOT
SPEAK SLAVE!" Tara picked up a heavy hair brush and spanked Gina again, fifty
strokes. Gina realized she had to obey her owner so she tried to stay quiet,
except for the occasional whimper.

	Tara slid her fingers into Gina's pussy again, she still wasn't wet.
Hmm, too bad for her. Tara shoved Gina off her and went over to her toy
cupboard. She selected a nice 9-inch strap-on dildo. Kneeling behind the
slave-slut, Tara slid the fake-dick into Gina's cunt. Gina gasped. The dildo had
a nice nub over Tara's clit and the harder she pushed into Gina, the more her
clit was stimulated. Tara pumped in and out of Gina's pussy, pulling at the
slut's tits with her long finger nails as Gina's face was smashed into the
floor. After she'd recovered from her orgasms, Tara removed the dildo from
Gina's cunt and stood. "Suck your slut juices off my dildo, Slave." Gina rose to
her knees, blinking uncomprehendingly at her mistress. Tara slapped her across
her pretty face, "Suck it, bitch." Tara squeezed Gina's nose forcing her to open
her mouth. Tara forced the dildo into her former friend's mouth. Placing her
hands on either side of Gina's head, Tara fucked the slut's face, bruising her
lips and causing her to gag. Tara eased off and slapped Gina, "Suck it or I'm
going to strap it into your mouth for the rest of the week!" Gina complied,
holding the base of the dildo and sliding her mouth up and down its rubber
length. Tara laughed, amused at the sight. She left Gina on her knees for twenty
minuets, sucking the fake cock as Tara thought of new ways to torment her slave.
Finally she ordered Gina to stop and get onto her hands and knees. Getting the
lubrication from the top shelf, Tara lathered it on the dildo, then onto Gina's
asshole. She knelt behind the slave-slut for the second time that session and
shoved the dildo into Gina's anal hole. She fucked Gina none too gently,
listening to her whimpering.

	Tara was not happy. There was no reason for her irritation, but she was
in a very bad mood. Her slaves knew they would suffer horribly tonight.
Currently, Tara had four slave sluts. Cara, fifteen year old Ami, Gina and
Tiffany. Tiffany was her newest slave. Tiffany was a former Playboy bunny, who'd
sold herself into sexual slavery. She was tall, blonde and beautiful with a
36-23-36 body. She tits were an incredible GG cup, they'd been a DD cup before
Tara had her undergo breast implant surgery. Tara attached a pair of alligator
clips to her nipples, connected by a chain. She did the same to Gina, Cara and
little Ami. Tara chained Gina's ankles, waist and wrists to a leather covered
"horse". She lubed up both of Gina's holes and stuffed a blue ballgag into her
mouth. She stuffed half of a monster 24 inch double headed dildo into Tiffany's
wet pussy and strapped it on with a harness. She shoved a 9 inch ass plug into
Cara's asshole and ordered her to suck Tiffany's dildo. Tara reclined on a huge
king size bed with Ami. Ami was carefully lubing up her own ass and cunt the way
Tara'd shown her. Tara stuffed half of a 20 inch double headed dildo into her
own pussy and secured it with a harness. She made Ami get onto her knees and
elbows, watching the scene in front of them. Tara got behind Ami and positioned
the dildo at Ami's young pussy.

	The show began. Gina, Cara, and Tiffany obeyed their Mistress's orders.
On her knees, Cara sucked and kissed Tiffany's fake dick while Tiffany used a
harsh leather whip on Gina's back, ass and tights. Cara rose from her knees and
suckled Tiffany's tits, biting them occasionally. Tiffany handed the whip to
Cara and positioned her dildo at Gina's cunt. Tiffany began roughly fucking
Gina's cunt while Cara circled them with the whip, lashing them both. On the
bed, Tara shouted out orders to the slave-sluts while throughly pumping in and
out of Ami's pussy. The little slave moaned and whimpered as Tara had commanded
her. Tara insisted Ami dictate what the other slaves should do. Ami wanted to
see Cara strap on a nice big 9 inch dildo, remove Gina's gag and fuck her mouth.
Tara came and came  at the sight of the beautiful blonde sluts fucking each
other the way a young teen whore had ordered them to. She pulled out of Ami's
cunt and started spanking the girl's ass. "Dirty little whore. You're so nasty.
Where'd you get such baaadd thoughts, little girl?" As Tiffany and Cara
exchanged places, with Tiffany making Gina suck the big dildo while Cara fucked
Gina up the ass, Tara inserted the dildo into Ami's ass, who'd gotten back into
doggy style position.0

	Tara was lounging about in her playroom, bored and in a bad mood. She
was dressed in only a red silk robe and her black hair was held up on top of her
head. Tiffany, nude and also bored, lay next to her, amusing herself by pulling
on her nipple rings. Tiffany turned over onto her stomach and propped herself up
on her elbows, "Let's torture Cara or Gina." She suggested to her Mistress. Tara
smiled an evil smile, "Good idea." She smacked Tiffany's ass casually. Both
slaves were brought into the Playroom, nude and nervous. Tiffany began pulling
on Cara's gold nipple rings, while Tara got some equipment ready. Gina and Cara
were chained spread eagle across from each other. Tara and Tiffany rubbed oil
all over the slaves' bodies. Then the two bitches began whipping the helpless
slaves with harsh leather whips. Cara and Gina were ungagged so Tara and Tiffany
could delight in their screams. Then Tara stopped and unchained Cara and sent
her back to the Slave Quarters. Tiffany gave her Mistress a puzzled look. Tara
kissed Tiffany's cheek and whispered to her, "I'll getting rid of Gina."
Tiffany's beautiful face was made scary by the savage smile that lit it. They
unchained Gina and each woman began pinching one of the slave's tits.

	They strapped a huge 10 inch dildo gag into Gina's mouth then Tiffany
slapped her tits while Tara fistfucked her pussy. Then both women strapped on
doubled headed dildoes. Each double header was 4 inches wide, 12 inches long and
jet black in colour. Gina was forced onto her knees, wrists tied together above
her head, and tights kept apart by a spreader bar. She was still desperately
sucking the big dildo that had been forced into her mouth. Tiffany and Tara
simultaneously began fucking Gina's pussy and ass, perspectively. They paused
with the monstrous dildoes deep in the helpless slave slut and slowly french
kissed each other. Tiffany was certainly Tara's slave. But it was voluntary.
Tiffany enjoyed submitting to Tara and she enjoyed helping Tara torment the
other slaves even more. Tiffany and Tara clenched each other's asses and, still
kissing, resumed fucking poor Gina. After both cumming, they unstrapped the
dildoes, and fell together on the floor in sixty-nine.

	After satisfying themselves and each other, Tara left to get something
while Tiffany modified Gina's position. Now the slave's face was merely inches
from the floor, the ring on her neck collar had been chained to the floor, as
had her outstretched wrists and knees, still kept apart by the cruel spreader
bar. Tara returned with her pet wolf. Their intent was clear. Tara removed
Gina's dildo-gag while Tiffany played with the wolf's cock. Sitting together,
with vibrators buried in each of their pussies, Tiffany and Tara watched the
animal plunge his dick into Gina's abused cunt. They listened to her cries of
pain and pleasure as she was fucked deep by the wolf. They both climaxed
instantly when they heard her scream from the pain caused by the knot on the
wolf's cock. Tiffany wanted to fuck the wolf after he was done with Gina. So,
leaving Gina chained up with wolf's cum dripping out of her cunt, Tara guided
her pet's cock into her lover. Tara was careful to keep the knot out of Tiffany,
although Tiffany was into pain, Tara doubted she'd enjoy that.

	Later on, Tara had a another guest. The time the guest was a woman. Her
name was Julia and she was a very famous and beautiful actress. Tara had invited
her to spend the weekend at the Island so they could go over the terms of a
contract dealing with Julia being the spokesmodel for one of Tara's companies.
Since she only had three days, Tara had to work quickly. She planned to dominate
Julia and control her after she'd left the island. Tara had some great
advertising ideas that would make people buy her products if they saw their
adored actress doing wild things. But she knew Julia would never agree to these
ideas. So she set out to control her. Friday night, at dinner, it begun. Julia's
food was drugged. The drugs used kept her conscious while making her subject to
any command. Tara had her taken to the Playroom where Ami, Cara and Tiffany were
assembled. Tara commanded Julia to undress which the poor woman did before she
even realized what Tara had told her. Next, Julia laid spread-eagle on the
king-size bed. Tara inspected the woman's beautiful body, approving of her
shaved cunt. Tiffany then crawled between Julia's legs and began eating her
pussy. Julia was aghast, she hated lesbians and had always been repulsed at the
idea of having sex with another woman. Yet, she could not protest, and found
herself enjoying it. She hated herself as she came. Cara and Ami suckled each of
Julia's nipples as Tiffany inserted two fingers into her pussy. Tara sat in an
armchair and oversaw the operation. All through the night, Tara's slaves gently
but firmly trained Julia to enjoy lesbian sex. Tiffany lubed her cunt and gently
fucked her to multiple orgasms. Then Cara lubed Julia's asshole and slowly and
gently ass-fucked her for the very first time. Julia did not enjoy this so
Tiffany and Cara took turns ass-fucking her until she got used to it. All the
while Ami had been gently kissing and suckling Julia's tits. Then they helped
Julia to her knees. Tiffany and Cara both strapped on double-headed dildoes.
Tiffany took Julia's pussy and Cara took her asshole and they double-fucked the
poor victimized woman. When they heard her cry out in orgasmic bliss, they knew
they had succeed. Next came the test. They helped her crawl on her hands and
knees to Tara who had her legs spread. The intent was clear. Julia found herself
kissing and licking Tara's pussy without knowing why. It was already nearly
dawn. The exhausted Julia was helped back to her room to sleep the day away, but
not before she had called Tara 'Mistress'. Tonight Tara and her sex slaves would
not be so gentle with Julia. Saturday afternoon, Julia woke up, showered and got
dressed before wandering downstairs. She thought her jumbled memories of the
previous night were dreams. She felt guilty about enjoying such thoughts. After
Julia had eaten, Tara approached her. "Good Afternoon, Mistress." Julia greeted
her, embarassed as soon as she heard the words. But Tara did not react as if the
words were strange, instead she said, "Good Day, slut." Julia was confused, yet,
to her horror, she felt a tingle in her pussy at Tara's words. "No! No." She
yelled, in horror. Tara gave her a disapproving look, and set down the
newspaper. "Come here, slut." She commanded Julia. Julia found herself obeying.
Julia walked over to Tara. "Kneel, whore." Tara ordered, then, "Your Mistress is
angry at you, bitch, you have been disrespectful. You must be punished. Lay
across my lap." Julia obeyed despite her desire to run far away from this place.
Tara spanked Julia for ten minutes straight. Julia sobbed in pain and
humiliation, wondering what next would happen to her. After Tara had finished
punishing Julia, she escorted the humiliated woman to the Playroom. "Remove your
clothing, slave." Tara said to Julia. "Please, don't do this." Julia begged.
Tara squeezed Julia's left tit through her clothes, "You enjoyed it last night,
slut. Now, undress or you shall be severely punished." Julia fearfully removed
all of her clothes. Tara then ordered her to get to her knees with her face on
the floor and her arms clasping her ankles, knees spread. Julia felt so
humiliated, like a whore, yet her pussy began to tingle and she again began to
enjoy submitting to Tara. Tara lubed up both of Julia's holes then inserted a
long elegant white candle halfway into Julia's asshole. She lit the candle.
Julia felt the heat on her ass and began to cry, although she did not alter her
position. Tara removed a cat-o-nine whip from a nearby amoire and commenced
whipping Julia. Again and again she brought the whip down of Julia's back until
her arm tired. But through out the ordeal, Julia had not changed her position.
Tara was delighted, Julia had learned to be obedient to her Mistress. Tara
snuffed out the flame on the candle which had travelled very close to Julia's
tender skin. She removed the candle. Then she permitted Julia to kneel before
her. She stuffed a big blue ballgag into Julia's mouth and ordered her to
masturbate for her Mistress's entertainment. Julia got onto her back, spread her
legs and set her right hand to work on her pussy while she massaged her breasts
with her left hand. She came while pumping three fingers in and out of her
pussy. Next Tara attached clamps to Julia's nipples, leaving the gag in place.
The nipple clamps were connected by a chain between them. Tara twisted Julia's
arms behind her back and forced them into a blue vinyl glove with straps to keep
them in place. Then she inserted a ten inch vibrator into Julia's pussy and a
seven inch butt plug into her ass. Then Tara tied Julia's legs together and left
her spawled on the bed for nearly two hours. When Tara returned, it was with
Tiffany. The two sadistic bitches untied Julia and removed the gag and clamps.
Only to chain her spread eagle to the wall. Then they inserted a video tape into
the TV and VCR right across from her. The tape was a condensed version of all
that had been done to her the night before, focusing on the dildoes entering her
and her face contorting in pleasure. Julia let out a defeated sigh. She realized
she now had to do whatever Tara wanted to prevent Tara from releashing the tape
to the press. Next Tiffany directed her attention to a computer a few feet from
where she was chained. Tara was scanning and upholding a photograhp of Julia
that had been taken a hour ago. In it, she was gagged, had her nipples clamped,
her legs tied together and her arms trapped in a glove. "Don't worry," Tara
said, noticing the panicked look on Julia's face, "they'll just think it is a
fake. However, if they were to view the video...Well, but I am sure we can reach
an understanding to prevent that from happening." Julia was resigned to her fate
now, "What do you want?" she asked Tara. Tara smiled, "Just for you to appear in
a few raunchy advertisements for me. Oh, and access to your body whenever I
want. And you will always address me as Mistress, even in the company of others.
I may invite you to entertain a guest or two occasionally. A small price to pay
to prevent the world from finding out that you are nothing but a lowly depraved
lesbian bondage slut, don't you think?" Julia had to choice but to agree.
Tiffany and Tara each strapped on a thick twenty four inch double headed dildo
before unchaining Julia and engaging in a lesbian threesome. Tara decided to
have Julia's clit pierced and made the actress wear a small gold ring through
her most sensitive body part as a sign of ownership. The ring was engraved with
the words: PROPERTY OF MISTRESS TARA. Tara told Julia that if she ever summoned
her and did not find her wearing the clit ring, she would be punished. Julia was
too afraid of Tara to ever remove the piercing. The advertisements were nothing
more outrageous than Julia being "caught" by the camera sucking on the end of a
dildo and kneeling with her face pressed against a bulging male crotch. And only
once did Tara ever "invite" her to entertain anyone. Although whenever they
accidentally met, Tara would spank her in the nearest bathroom. Once, during the
Oscar awards, Tara fistfucked her right before she went on stage to accept an
award.

	Tara invited Kevin, her favorite pop musician to spend a week at her
island. She desperately wanted to fuck him. His raven black hair, gem green
eyes, and smooth golden muscles made her wet every time she thought about him.
But Tara also needed to control everything and everyone she desired so she
arranged to get videos of him doing naughty things in case she ever needed to
blackmail him. His first night on the island, after spending the day playing
tennis with Tara, Cara was sent to his room. Her long blonde hair was undone,
and she wore expertly applied makeup. Sheer black stockings were held up by
black garters which matched her black bustier. The bustier did not quite cover
her pierced nipples, her gold hoop nipple rings were exposed. Kevin was visibly
stunned to see Cara in his room. Her erotic dancing took any reservations he
might have had away. She finished the dance, kneeling before him, head tossed
back and declaring, "I'm yours to do with as you please for the night. I will
say no to nothing." His beautiful eyes were glued to her nipple rings. He gently
tugged on them. "Harder." Cara whispered. She had been instructed by Tara to
encourage him to explore his kinky side. He tugged harder, causing Cara to gasp.
"Go on, baby." She encouraged him. He was breathing faster, he undid his pants,
revealing his hard, hung dick. "Suck it." He commanded. She slowly gave him the
best blowjob of his life, deep-throating him completely at times. He came,
spraying his thick white cum all over her big tits. "I've done a baaaadd thing,
Grandfather. I should be spanked." Cara purred, crawling into Kevin's lap. He
was hesitant at first, merely tapping her ass with his fingers. But then he got
into it and soon had Cara begging for mercy. It turned him on, harder than
before. He shoved Cara to the floor and mounted her from behind. He forcefully
fucked her cunt for fifteen minutes straight. Tara liked the way he ordered Cara
out of the room when he was through with her.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





