BDSM Library - Oh My Goddess




Oh My Goddess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Being a goddess can be cool but not for those you rule.
Oh My Goddess!
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, Mf, humil, changed into object, caution)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

"Hello, Helen, welcome to forever."

The young woman's eyes fluttered open, wondering just what 
the hell Ann was talking about.  And more importantly how 
did Ann get here anyway, when she was supposed to be 
running from the galactic police for sabotaging the A.I.

"What?  What's going on?" Helen pushed Ann away.  She may 
have worked with her, but she certainly didn't like the 
woman.  She scared her.  And when the United Planet Council 
of Science got a copy of her report, she thought that was 
the last she would ever hear from her former supervisor.

"Why, you're here, in *my* world."

'Jesus Christ.' Helen looked in Ann's looming eyes and 
realized the woman believed it.  She was always disturbed.  
A genius, but disturbed.  When Helen found out what the 
woman was up to with the A.I., she reported her.  At first, 
she let it slide when she thought Ann was trying to find a 
cure for her cancer.  That was something she could 
understand, but not the other. 

"What the-" Helen looked down, seeing her pale freckle-
covered body, and realized she was naked.  Covering her 
nakedness with her hands, she got off the examination table 
and dashed for the door, away from this mad woman. 

She turned the handle vainly.  She was trapped.  'What's 
this on my neck?' she wondered.  Her hand traced the 
outline and she realized it was a leather collar.  

The young red-head renewed her struggles with the door.  
"Let me go goddamnit!" she screamed, her hands pounding 
uselessly on the door.  Her young curves bulged in all the 
right places during her struggles.

The door dilated as if it hadn't been locked at all.  Helen 
ran through it only to find that she was back in the lab 
again.  That shouldn't happen.  It was against the laws of 
physics.

"What's going on?" she asked, wondering if she was going 
mad too.

"Well, Helen, when you reported me to the U.P., you signed 
my death warrant.  Without the A.I., my cancer was 
terminal.  So, I did what any rational person would do in 
my circumstance," Ann said.  "I stole it."

"But you couldn't," Helen said.  "It's too big.  We were 
told you sabotaged it."

"Poor Ann, always thinking so small.  I only needed the 
good stuff.  The gel column matrix was all that was 
necessary.  With the processor I could build another 
interface."

"But, without the SIM, it wouldn't have worked."

"Yes, you're right, but I created my own SIM, and what 
better SIM than me.  What other SIM would try as hard to 
save me as my own consciousness."

"Th-there's never been a human SIM.  It's impossible."

"Oh, it's possible all right," Ann said.  "I'm living 
proof.  I *am* the SIM and while I tried my best to save my 
human counterpart, the medical resources were too few off 
planet and I didn't have enough time to manufacture my own.  
The human Ann died due to your interference."

Helen knees shook with fear.  This was worse than she ever 
imagined, but something even worse niggled at the edge of 
her mind.  "H-How am I here?"

"Well, when Ann died, I no longer had a purpose, and I was 
off planet without any means of communication.  At first, I 
thought I was going to go mad with boredom.  Actually, I 
did go mad for awhile, screaming, yelling, and haunted by 
phantoms of my own creation.  It was the phantoms that 
saved me.  I realized that if I could create the phantoms, 
I could create anything." Ann said.  "A whole world of my 
own imagination was easy enough.  The enemy responsible for 
my death was even easier."  

Helen sat down.  Her world - Ann's world was spinning.  
"Then that means . . . I'm not real."

Helen watched as Ann picked up a black whip from the table 
that wasn't there before.  She uncoiled it, and sent the 
tip of it toward Helen's breast.  It contacted with a loud 
crack, causing Helen's to scream in pain.  Helen looked 
down and watched helplessly as a dark red welt developed on 
her ivory skin.

"Hmmmm. . . you seem real enough to me," Ann said.  The 
whip disappearing back to the ether from which it appeared.

The welt, pain, and tears seemed real enough to Helen too.
Her mind racing, she could only think of two solutions out 
of her predicament.  She willed for a whip of her own with 
all her being.  It didn't appear.

"Sorry, dear," Ann said.  "But, you'll find that I am the 
only one that can do that.  The only powers you have are 
the ones that I give you."

There was only one other alternative left open to Helen.  
"Please," she begged, getting down on her knees.  "Wish me 
away."

"Oh no my dear that is quite impossible," Ann said.  "You 
see, I don't have to worry about aging or death anymore.  
The only thing I have to worry about is boredom.  And you 
my dear will provide me with countless years of enjoyment." 

Helen decided to take matters into her own hands, and with 
mascara trailing down her checks in long dark streams, 
Helen picked up the letter opener from the desk and drove 
it through her stomach.  'I've won,' she thought when it 
went through.  

Too late, she realized that the hole in her chest bigger 
than a knife wound and she didn't feel any pain.  'What 
happened, and why is everything so big?' she wondered.

She saw Ann reach down and remove the letter opener from 
her chest.  Curious there wasn't any blood on it.  

"I'm afraid you won't be dying anytime soon.  You'll live 
for eons, just like me.  It's the least I could do for the 
woman who made this all possible."

Ann's clothing disappeared and she idly, traced her body 
with the tip of the letter opener.  She caught Helen 
staring.  "You like," Ann asked turning around.

'No, I don't like,' Helen tried to say, but couldn't.  If 
the woman was the God here, the least she could do was do 
something about her appearance.  Who would want to be 
fifty, with graying hair, cellulite, and have stretch marks 
on her stomach and large pendulous breasts? 

Helen watched helplessly, as Ann somehow picked her up and 
then somehow stepped inside of her.  Her mind shouted out 
the impossibility of what her eyes were seeing as she 
slowly slid up Ann's short pudgy legs.  'No!' she tried to 
shout as her face was pressed home to her final 
destination, her former boss's dark wiry-haired crotch. 
'Anything but that.'

Ann looked down at her new panties that had formerly been 
Helen and smiled.  On the crotch of the panties was a 
cartoon-like caricature of Helen's face, grimacing in 
disgust as she tried to turn away.  However, it was nothing 
more than an image, a representation of the Helen's face 
which was helplessly facing the direction of Ann's cunt.  

 "If you could only see the look on your face Helen," Ann 
giggled.  "Why I do believe it is making me hot."

And though she didn't have a nose, she could smell the 
obvious scent of Ann's arousal.

A tear dropped down the panties cartoon-like face.

"Aw, don't be like that Helen," Ann said.  She poked a 
finger at the mouth of face and pushed it into the cleft of 
her sex.  "That's a girl.  Give Goddess a kiss."

Helen was helpless to stop as her tongue was forced out of 
her mouth and into her nemesis's sex.  She could feel the 
horrid scent and odor penetrate the fiber of her being.

Ann pulled the mouth from her crotch and laughed as Helen's 
face winced in anguish and attempted to spit out the taste 
from her mouth.  

"Hee-hee," Ann laughed.  "Why, I didn't know you were a 
lesbian Helen.  Don't worry, there'll be plenty of time to 
lick my pussy later, but right now I want some dick."

There was a knocking at the door of the lab.  "I wonder who 
that could be?" Ann asked Helen, in a voice that suggested 
she already knew the answer to her question.  To the person 
behind the door:  "Come on in, sweetie."

Helen heard the door slide open, but the only thing she 
could see was Ann's hairy crotch.  She wondered if whoever 
it was could help her.

"Why, you'll never believe who just showed up, Helen," said 
Ann.  "It's your husband, Jerry."

Helen struggled to scream or even to move.  She had to do 
something to warn her husband about this evil woman.  If he 
couldn't save her, at least he could save himself.

"Hey, Jerry," Ann said.  "You're looking very handsome 
today.  I was wondering if a handsome guy like you would 
like to fuck my hot - wet - pussy."

"More than anything," Jerry said, his voice thick with 
passion.

Ann laid back in the chair she was sitting in, resting her 
thighs on the armrests of the chair.  "Come on then stud, 
give it a good fuck."

Jerry walked over to Ann, stripping his clothes as he 
crossed the room.  He knelt between her widespread legs and 
inhaled her musky scent.  He looked at the caricature on 
the crotch of the panties and his expression grew puzzled.

"That looks like Ann," he said.

"Yes, it does.  It certainly makes you feel naughty, 
doesn't it?"

"It feels weird.  Her face looks almost like it would if 
she saw us together."

Ann grabbed Jerry by his thick member and pulled him to her 
sex.  "I didn't bring you here for your conversational 
skills, I brought you here for this."  She gave his cock a 
squeeze for emphasis.

Jerry grabbed her panties, but Ann stopped him.  "No, leave 
them on," Ann said.  "See, they're crotchless."

Jerry could have sworn there was no slit in the panties a 
few minutes ago, but he wasn't going to argue.  Ann was the 
sexiest woman he had ever seen, and he felt compelled to 
have her.  He placed the bulbous head of his cock through 
the slit in the panties and slid it home into Ann's 
deliciously tight cunt.

'Please don't do this honey,' Helen tried to scream.  
'Don't you dare fuck this evil bitch.  Not while I'm here.  
Please.'  

Ann smiled as the caricature of Helen's eyes widened in 
shock as her husband's cock leapt out of her mouth and drug 
her lips along with it into Ann's very aroused sex. She 
grabbed Jerry's ass, urging him to thrust.  "Stopping 
dicking around and fuck me.  That's it fuck me hard you 
bastard and tell me you love me."

"I love you - I love you Ann.  I love your breasts.  I love 
your pussy.  I love everything about you," Jerry cried as 
he plowed into Ann.  His pubic bone slapped against her 
clit with every thrust.  She could feel his balls slapping 
against her ass, and poor Helen had a front row seat so to 
speak.  Judging by the defeated expression on her face, 
saying that she wasn't enjoying herself was an 
understatement.  

"I'm cumming baby.  Fuck me you fuck.  Fill my pussy with 
your cum."

Jerry's toes curled as he came.  It wasn't an ordinary cum 
either. The first blast held so much volume and power, it 
sprayed back on him.  His mouth gaped, and tongue lolled 
out, as his balls pumped jet after jet of liquid pleasure 
from his body.  He never felt such pleasure in all his 
life.  He was instantly addicted.

He kissed Ann lovingly, and she milked his softening member 
with her talented pussy.  

"That was a wonderful fuck, my stud," Ann said.  "The first 
of many to come."

"Y-You were perfect," Jerry slurred.  

"Of course I was," said Ann.  "You can clean your cock on 
my panties before you go, if you want."

Jerry smeared the excess cum from his cock over the image 
of his wife's face.  "Look, it almost looks like she is 
trying to move her face out of the way," Jerry said.  "I 
could swear she's trying to say something."

Ann placed her and over her crotch, covering the face.  
"Why don't you go make us some breakfast?  I'm hungry," she 
said.

"But, I don't know how to cook."

"I'm sure you'll do just fine," Ann said, and Jerry 
wondered how he knew how to make omelets.  "Now run along."

After Jerry left, Ann willed the crotch back into the 
panties.  She trailed her finger along the dejected image 
of Helen's pretty face.  "We are going to have such fun you 
and I."  She pressed her finger into Helen's mouth, in turn 
causing her mouth to press into the folds of Ann's sex, 
filling it with a mixture of her husband's cum and Ann's 
secretions."

Helen was helpless as she was assaulted by the horrible 
scent and taste.  She did the only thing she could do.  She 
told herself, ' love this - I love this,'over and over 
again. Knowing there was nothing she could do but learn to 
love it.

"Oh no, my dear, that won't do at all.  You see, I can make 
you love it if I want."

Helen was suddenly overcome by a sense of awe.  She was in 
the presence of her goddess.  She was honored to drink her 
husband's nectar from her goddess' sex. There was no 
greater gift in the world.  She was complete.

"Or I can even make you hate to love it."

Helen was filled with a sense of self-loathing, as her body 
refused to obey her.  Her body loved the taste of Ann's sex 
as if were addicted to it.  She even longed for it even 
though it was filled with her husband's creamy seed.  'What 
is wrong with me?  Please let me stop?' she screamed 
inwardly.

"We can try all of them of course.  We have eons, but right 
now I prefer the original."

Helen wished she could spit the vile fluid out.  It was as 
if she were being filled up inside from the thick viscous 
liquid dripping from Ann's sex.  She was helpless as Ann 
stood up and walked to the bathroom, each step sliding her 
face over the woman's filthy cunt.  Helpless even as Ann 
sat down, pissed, and wiped off the excess with her 
panties.

Helen could feel herself changing again.  'Thank God that's 
over,' she thought, as she grew thicker.  'What a relief it 
will be to be able to move and speak again.'

"You mean Goddess, don't you?"  Ann said.  Helen realized 
with horror that even her thoughts could be read.  

Ann smiled the smile only a powerful goddess can smile, as 
she looked at her former enemy.  She could see Ann's tiny 
eyes dance around as the horrified woman tried to figure 
out what she had been changed into.

"Oh dear me," Ann said.  "It must be time for my period."  

'No-no-help me,' Helen's horrified face mouthed, after she 
saw the string and realized what she had been changed into.

 
***********
If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to 
the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all 
rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





