BDSM Library - New Mexico's Best Club




New Mexico's Best Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about an group of middle class people who have the same intrests, bondage, humiliation and sex. Each chapter is about a person or incident.
1.Carol, 35, 5'9" great body with short brown hair and hazel eyes. She had been
with the club since the begining. Her 15 year old son is off to computer camp
and when this happens each year Carol's Husband/Owner, puts her on 24 hour call.
Her husband owns a small computer business that does very well and he employs
her for bookwork and such three days a week.

Because they are experienced, during this time her owner refrains from fucking
her. He does his bit for the group by having her masturbate in the morning
without orgasm.

On this day Rob, her owner had her working in the shop. Carol was dress in a
very short skirt; in fact, it barely concealed the tops of her stockings. Her
heels were the tallest she could handle. Rob watched her every chance he could,
even after all these years. Her firm ass moved with her steps. She wore a tight
blouse that buttoned down in the front. It was not see through but she had to
remove the buttons far enough down to show her ample cleavage.

On occasion when she dresses like this at the store, the phones sing with the
call going out to the area computer geeks. Carol is turned on when the store
stays busy with young men gawking at her tits and ass.

Rob and Carol were both behind the counter, he selling and she checking another
geek out, when her pager went off. It was clipped to her skirt; she usually had
it inside her underwear but today underwear was forbidden. Her hand went to the
pull it off to look at it when Rob ordered, "Finish the customers".

Carol got nervous after the third customer, finally after two more she checked
the pager and reached for the telephone. Smiling Rob grabbed her hand and
nodded, "In the office"

Glancing at her watch as she ran through the shop, all eyes on her ass, she had
two minutes to meet the deadline. Slamming the door she reached for the
telephone and quickly dialed the number. Carol was not a painslut; humiliation
and bondage were her bags.

The telephone rang and rang, Carol tapped her foot. " Come on, Come on" she
muttered. With thirty seconds left, he answered. "Yes"

"Is Jake there?" was the code incase another person answered or a wrong number.
"This is he. " was the answer.

"What is your pleasure, Master?" she said as it was the practice. She recognized
the voice as the newest member Ronald. "Jake" was a code word if the Dom did not
answer and the slave did not know who they were contacting;

"Meet me at my house in an hour, park in the driveway and walk around the back
to the back door. What are you wearing?" he asked

Carol told him "Remove all but your shoes and stocking then enter the house. Be
on your knees and put on your collar" he ordered and hung up.

She was excited, a new adventure, while she fished the Club Directory out of her
purse. Rob came in causing Carol to look up with a smile. "Well cunt!?" he
asked, in his dominant role. Carol knew what to do; she dropped to her knees and
bowed her head.

" I have been called by Master Ronald to serve." She held up the book " He lives
up off of Tramway, sir and I have to be there in less than an hour."

"Show some respect" he said

Carol bent over and kissed his right foot several times, " Master may I go serve
Master Ronald?"

"GO slut" he said.

Carol rose, grabbed her keys and ran out the back as fast as her spiked heels
would let her. She started the car and zipped into traffic. The store was down
by the university and if the traffic was bad well the 40 minutes left might be
close. It was late in the day and the traffic was just getting heavy. As she
drove she reviewed his bio, she had not fucked him at any meeting and he had not
called for her before. He had been a member for six or 7 months. 26 years old, 6
foot, collage, working on the Air Force base in some mid level job. Wife, Jan,
22, redhead, 5'5" very submissive.

Carol was getting wet; she could not help it. If the traffic were not so bad,
she would have been playing with herself within a few blocks. She crossed Eubank
and checked her watch, she would make it.

Carol pulled into the driveway of the adobe style house. She had ten minutes to
spare. Taking a deep breath Carol opened the door and stuck her lovely long leg
out, it warmed from the hot sun. As she walked to the back and opened the gate,
she was relieved that all the houses had high adobe walls around the back yards.

Reaching the back door Carol did not hesitate she stripped her meager clothes
off and left them folded on a lawn chair. As instructed she took a couple of
steps inside the utility room, closed the door, went to her knees. Pulling out
the collar that is standard for the Club she locked it around her neck and
assumed the waiting position.

Someone knew how to raise the tension. Ten minutes and still no one, carol the
slut's cunt was oozing juice.

A moment later her waiting ended. The kneeling slave hears a noise, like
something was dragged and bells ringing. When the door opened carol dared raise
her eyes. Jan shuffled in.

The redhead entered "so sexy" thought carol. About twelve inches of chained
separated her leather cuffed ankles. As carol's eyes panned up her sister slave
she saw a naked cunt like hers, rings hanging from the jan's cunt lips and a
colorfull tatoo on the left side of her mound, "Rob Weller's private property" 


Carol could not control her curiosity she stared at the young girl. She had
rings in her nipples that had several ounces of weights hanging form them. Jan's
large tits were pulled to the ground and with each movement, she showed a shot
of pain on her pretty face. Her wrists had another 12 inches of thick chain
connecting them. Her smooth and soft neck was wrapped with a thick leather
collar.

"Master is not home yet, he told me to prepare you." Said jan in a very subdued
voice, almost shy. Jan bent down and hooked a dog leash to the front of carol's
collar. While she was bent down connecting the leash jan whispered, "there are
cameras all over please do as you are told."

Jan lead carol through the kitchen into the living room. Carol could only stare
at the younger woman's tight ass as she shuffle within the confines of the
chains.

In the center of the southwest decor living room was a 4X4 square of padded
wood. On one end about half way stood a galvanized pipe sticking up with some
clips on top.

Jan lead the slave and halted her next to the low platform. She pointed to the
front of the platform and ordered the brunette to get on all fours." Master
wants you here!" she told carol as she gracefully crawled into positions.

Jan bent to adjust the slave's position and pull her neck to connect her collar
to the top of the pipe. Carol felt the weights dangling from the younger slave's
nipple rings, tap her on her forehead. She cringed each time, knowing that with
each pull a bolt of pain shot up jan's tits and sent a shiver down her back. Jan
put cuffs on carol's wrists and ankles then attached them with chains to the
platform. Carol was now fixed in a doggy position, open to her momentary Master.

Without another word redhead jan, knelt next to doggy carol and waited. They did
not wait long. They heard a car pull up and the front door open and close. Carol
could only look at the floor. The rattle of keys on a table and the opening and
closing of the refrigerator, then the sudden appearance of boots in her view,
gave carol the chills.

What carol did not see is Ronald adjusting two video cameras to catch the
action.

She jumped when Ronald ran his fingers through her hair, " Easy Bitch, you must
save your energy."

He started to caress her neck, then worked his down her back to her ass. Still
shivering carol felt, his fingers explore the crack of her ass, and both tight
cheeks. As his fingers probed her soaking wet cunt, the horny slut just managed
to stay on her knees.His second finger found it is way deep into her hole and
his thumb started to slowly rotate her hard clit. Involuntarily she leaned back,
as much as her collar would let her and started grinding onto the young Master's
hand.

Suddenly he pulled his hand form her hole and gave her a heavy slap on the ass, 
"I heard you were a horny slut. I did not tell you to pleasure your self."

With gritted teeth from the pain, carol answered "Yes Master, it will not happen
again Master."

Ronald walked around the slaves, as he passed his slave he put his wet fingers
in front of her mouth. She hesitated, which she would later pay for, then took
them in her mouth, tasting carol's sweet juices. Jan was eye level while her
tongue danced across his fingers working to his thumb; she noticed the bulge in
her husband's pants.

Her ordered jan to undress him, a task she had done a thousand times. When he
was down to his silk briefs he pulled jan out in front of carol and put her on
her knees.

"Do you want those weights off my whore?" he asked,

"Oh yes Master please!" was her painful return "When we finish with this slut
you can take them off but I think you should have some more to make sure you do
a good job." He said with great pleasure.

With a whimper jan gave the proper reply " Yess Sir, I need more, I cannot do a
good job on my own."

Ronald walked over to carol and pulled her head back by her hair, "Watch my
slave, she does not like anyone watching when she is being trained."

Carol watched as Ronald added several ounces of weight to her nipple rings, they
looked like they were about to pull out. Jan moaned and gave a slight wiggle to
her tits, but kept her hands on her lap. Then from a drawer he pulled a rather
thick black ass plug. Carol had seen bigger and even taken them but it still
looked too big and then again, she wondered " Who was it for?"

Ronald handed the plug to the slave as he stared at bound carol. Obediently jan
took the plug, and started sucking for all it was worth, she knew that her
husband could order her to shove it up her ass or carol's at any moment and she
wanted it to be lubed.

Jan sucked the rubber device; to carol's dismay Ronald produced a flogger from
the closet. "Jan, insert!" was the order.

With the difficulty of her chained arms and legs but as the result of much
practice, jan put her face to the floor, reached back under her wet cunt and
slowly started working the rubber phallus into her asshole. She gritted her
teeth as it spread her muscle wider and wider. She relaxed as much as she could
and pushed.

WHAK, Ronald struck his lovely wife with the flogger, "Faster Bitch!"

With a great pained look, she shoved it passed the bulge. She let out a sigh of
relief as her muscle closed around the thing area, holding it in.

Ronald pulls jan to her feet and attached a leash to her cunt rings. He tugged
on the leash and started the poor girl shuffling behind him. They did two
circles of the bound bitch. They stopped behind carol and the Master pulled the
slave to her knees. "Slut, this is your first lesson in pleasing a woman. You
have done this to other men and me but it is time you learned women. But this
will not be fun for you but training, do you understand, you fucking whore!"
growled Ronald. Of course carol heard the speech and set her mind to wonder.

His redheaded slave moved her eyes from the floor and carol's sexy legs to her
upturned ass. "Ok bitch, spread her cheeks and get your tongue in there! EAT OUT
HER ASS AND I WANT TO HER MOAN!" barked Ronald.

A small smile crossed carol's face when she heard the order, in all her time
being a sub slave she has only had her ass rimmed a dozen times or so, and she
liked it. She has done a bunch herself. Then it hit her; maybe she is just
lubing me up for Master's cock.

Pretty jen obeyed, sticking her face into the older woman's open ass. Her tongue
slowly pushed to the pucker. As she has done on her, Master jen circled the
tender flesh that surrounds the hole. Ever few swirls jen took a hard lick from
the bottom to the top,

With the second long lick, carol started to moan. Her breathing increased and
she felt a couple of drops of fluid running downs the inside of her legs. These
things did not go unnoticed by the Master as he circled the action.

Stopping behind jen he raised the flogger and struck at the tight slave back.
Jen pulled away from the ass as she moaned in pain. He struck another time and
told her to get her face back into that ass.

Jen licked faster and harder causing more noises from carol. Without being told
jen stiffened her tongue and plunged it into the open asshole. In and out, she
fucked that ass. She plunged her tongue deeper each time she fucked. Carol tried
to push back without the Master noticing. Pretty jen plunged deep and stopped to
run her tongue around just inside the opening, this drove carol to the edge,

"MASTER, please can I cum, please??" she practically shouted.

He denied her permission and pulled jen back a little. "Slow down bitch until I
tell you."

Ronald dropped the flogger and his silk briefs. His 8-inch young cock stood
straight out. He knelt in front of the excited carol; grabbing her hair he
pulled her head back and plunged his meat into her open mouth. Being a veteran
and in heat carol sucked it to the root.

Ronald had a hold of each side of the slut's head and was fucking her mouth
without mercy. She loved it. Carol licked and sucked the hard rod in hopes of a
release and she was near although she did not have permission.

Addressing slut carol Ronald gritted his teeth" I read your profile Cunt. Nice
slutty cocksucking soccer mom, bullshit! You will fuck anyone fucking bitch.  It
said you loved cum, I have a lot of fucking cum for you bitch. Put on a good
face then give face, GO AHEAD AND CUM LOUSY FUCKING WHORE."

By the time he gave her permission to cum, carol came fucking hard, very fucking
hard. One then two times.

Ronald did not think she could suck any harder but the orgasm put her into high
gear.

Jan looked up over carol's quivering ass at her husband, pounding away at the
mouth of this stranger. Even with the life style a huge shot of jealousy shot
through her. She dug her tongue deeper into the brown hole of this intruder.
Moreover, this sent carol into another orgasm.

Getting close to finishing himself, Ronald stared at his wife, performing the
act of extreme submission.

" Fucking bitch, worthless whore cunt. I bet you would suck your own son's cock,
low life scum!" Ronald kept up his foul and belittling language as he felt the
cum racing down his cock.

Pulling his cock out until only the head was in the slave's mouth Ronald started
pumping sperm. Jan pursed her lips to seal the cock and savor each drop on her
tongue. Spasm after spasm shot into the slut's mouth.  As they subsided, he
rammed his still hard cock deep into her mouth. With no chance of swallowing, it
cum was forced out of carol's hungry mouth. It dripped out of the sides of her
lips, down her chin and onto the leather cover of the platform.

Ronald had several shots left; he blew them directly down the slut's throat. She
swallowed what was left. She kissed and passionately ran her tongue over the wet
cum covered cock, making sure to clean her favorite desert,"

Jen's tongue rimmed the cocksucker's asshole at warp speed. Hating it but turned
on, jen  wanted her husband's cock right then.

When Ronald was satisfied with the cleaning, job carol had done he stood then
sat in a nearby chair. Breathing hard, he watched his redheaded wife bring carol
to a final orgasm! Free of the rod of flesh, carol moaned loud enough to be
heard in the back yard.

"Enough!" ordered the Master.

Gratefully jen knelt upright quickly. Carol had extreme difficulty keeping
herself on her hands. She leaned her neck on the post. As he wanted to get at
his wife, Ronald mustered up the strength to order jen to release carol. The
brunette slave crawled off the platform and collapsed on the floor.



Giving her a few  minutes to compose her self and ordering jen to thank him by
kissing his feet. The slave crawled to him and pressed her lips to the top of
his bare foot. "Thank you Master, thank you so much for letting lick the slave's
asshole, thank you,  how can I please you."

"Slave carol, you made a mess of my platform, clean it up, now!" barked Ronald

Crawling to the platform, the naked slut found the sperm overflow and licked
each spot. She licked and looked hard for more, as cum lover she wanted it all,
even cold and sticky.

Ronald called carol too him, and unlocked her collar. She bent over and kissed
his big half-hard cock, " Thank you Master, thank you so much for letting me
cum. If I pleased Master Ronald, please tell my Husband and give me a good
rating in the Club, please Sir." Kissing his cock one more time, carol crawled
out of the room.

Reaching the kitchen, she stood, then with a broad smile on her face the cumslut
went into the backyard and dressed. The sun was going down as she shakily walked
to her car and drove home; thinking what Ronald was doing to jen and hoping her
husband will get a copy of the tapes.

We are a much-diversified group. Sex is not the only thing that holds us
together; we have gaming junkets to Nevada, picnics with the families and other
things that normal people do together. One benefit is that if possible each of
us that has a job that can give discounts and helps the other. We have a dentist
that will give all a discount and after hours for the submissives he will treat
them free, as long as they are naked and bound to his chair. We have plumbers,
mechanic, heating and cooling mechanics, contractors, nurses and a psychologist.




2. Slave Barbara was fine woman, hot as hell but you could not tell it from the
outside. Mother of two, thirty years old, blonde, and a true hourglass figure.
Bake sales, church groups, and charities. Kinda shy but obedient and horny.

This  "With theVibrator" weekend, her husband was with the kids. Barb and two
friends, one Club member, Susan, one without a clue, were taking in an arts and
craft fair at the Lujan building at the fair grounds. Because of her duties,
barb insisted on two cars. She was wearing a bright yellow sundress. It was high
enough to keep her ample breasts from view, and calf length. The thing was that
her Master did not allow any underwear. The dress was loose and hid her figure,
actually she looked plump. By his instructions, her pager was held around her
waist by a moderate sized gold chain. Another part of the chain went from the
front, between her cunt lips, touching her clit and up the crack of her ass. The
pager was clipped just above her clit, touching the small amount of golden hair
she was allowed down there.

Barb was intently inspecting an item when her pager went off and surprised her
making her jump. Susan knew and smiled; she explained it to the other friend as
a hiccup.

After a quick glance at susan, bard franticly looked for the bathroom in order
to check the number. Spotting one she excused herself and did a quickstep to the
ladies room. When she got there she had to wait for two other women to use the
stall. With a pen from her purse, barb lifted her dress, held it up with her
forearms and managed to see the number and write it on the palm of her hand. She
charged out of the stall. Barb knew the telephones were by the main entrance so
she again set a beeline. Susan and the friend had wandered to that direction,
under susan's subtle direction. Barb made the call and found it was to "Easy
Loan" company.

It was James. He was new to the group, and managed a one-man branch of a local
loan company, he and a secretary. James was one of our two black male members.
He had an amazingly beautiful black wife who was partly submissive but liked to
be dominant most of the time, more about her later.

The time limit set barb made an excuse to her friends and hustled to the car.
His office was on Central by the University. As she drove, she had time to think
her first time with a black man.

Off the subject, a little, not every one has fucked everyone. Yes they are
available but there are favorites, couple that prefer each other and with the
amount in the group some just do not get around each to other. Moreover, to be
honest some folk just want to torment or spank, no sex with certain members.

The air conditioning made her nipples stand out, or was it her excitement. The
key to her waist chain dangle between tits.

On arrival she had to park around the corner, the walk to the office seemed like
miles. She entered the office and heard a buzzer go off. No secretary. The slave
stood looking around and at the people passing by.

James entered and walked right passed her, she put her arms behind her and bowed
her head. He locked the door and put out the "Lunch" sign. "Follow me." She
said. Simply "Sir" was her only reply.

They entered his small office. A desk, two chairs and a small couch. Again, he
locked the door. Barb knelt as soon as she entered, with brought an approving
glance from the Dom. While he locked the door, barb fished her collar out of her
purse and raised, waiting for him to acknowledge her.

As he walked passed the slave the black man took the collar and put it on his
desk. James sat down in his chair and wheeled it out from behind the desk.
"Strip" he calmly ordered.

Barb did not even have to get off her knees; she just reached behind, unzipped
the dress and pulled it off. Tossing it aside, she felt her nipples hardened to
rock hard status. She spread her knees, put her hands behind her head and pulled
her self erect in the inspection position.

James wheeled the chair the few feet until he was in front of the slave.
Reaching out her took a nipple between the fingers of each hand. He pinched each
tightly and added a twist. Barb cringed slightly but a sexual shiver shot
through her body like lightning. Goose bumps rose all over her body. Of course,
James loved this. He released the right one and pressed his lips to it, sucking
the hard nub. More shivers shot through the slut. He sucked and the tip of his
tongue tickled the very tip of the nipple. Barb felt herself getting very wet.

Releasing the tits, James palmed the key around the slave's neck. "That is the
key to my waist chains, Sir," said bard in hopes that he would release the
chains and give her a proper fucking with his black dick.

Dropping the key, he leaned back "Blow me slut." He said.

That just excited the hell out of barb the slave. She reached up, unbuckled his
belt, quickly pulled the zipper down and when he lifted his ass of the chair she
pulled his pants to his ankles. He wore boxers and his hard black cock just shot
though the fly. Barb smiled as she reached for the shorts and pulled them down.
Now just being black does not always mean a big dick, and James being average
height and build, was not the biggest, but being black, against the light color
his 7 or so inches looked huge to the excited slave.

Barb took the meat slowly in her mouth, her hot lips curled around the head just
before she swallowed it in one gulp! James moaned as the slut move back up the
shaft. It tasted bitter and had a pungent body odor, like a man that had spent
half the day working. Barb sucked and licked his cock as best, as her years had
taught her.

The naked blond bitch took the rock hard meat deep into her throat, then slowly
work back up using her tongue on the bottom as she went. Reaching head she
stopped and just raped her lips around the gland and danced her tongue over the
entire sensitive flesh, stopping at his pee hole to dig her tongue into it.
Using the flat of her tongue, she bathed the smelly cock down to his balls.
Cupping his black balls, she gently liked each one with reverence. Finally
taking each in turn she sucked them into her mouth and let, her talented tongue
do its job.

"That's it bitch, lick them you fucking whore." Moaned James.

Unable to stand it he reached down grabbed the slut's head and impaled his rod
in her mouth, and started fucking it like her pussy. The turned on slave reached
down between her legs and found her wet pussy. She started rubbing her wet clit.
Her other hand pinched her rock hard nipple.

James gritted his teeth; it felt so fucking good. Barb played with herself
getting closer and closer to cumming. One big thrust from James brought her back
from her pleasured bliss, she remembered, no orgasms without permission. With a
whimper, she brought her hands up to his balls.

Without a thought for the slave James rammed his cock in the woman's throat and
blew his wad into her throat and mouth. When the submissive blonde-haired woman
moaned loudly on his cock that gave James the energy for another big wad of cum
to spew into her mouth as he pulled out.

Like a good slave barb took time to lick his deflating cock clean. When she
thought she was finished she knelt back on her calves, bowed her head and waited
for the Master's orders.

"Go now bitch" was all he said, "Yes Master James, I hoped I have pleased you."

Cum on her face and soaking through her dress from her tits, the pleased by very
excited slave hurried to her car, needing to get home as her husband usually
rewards her. She thought of the fat dildo she would have in her cunt as she told
her owner about her experience. Her finger went to her chin, she scoped some of
the cum on her finger and sucked it into her mouth, "Mummm.' She said.

Less than a mile from her house, her pager went off again, barb smiled and put
the peddle to the metal to get home in time to make her call.




"NEW MEXICO'S BEST CLUB"

IF YOU HAVE NOT GUESSED, THIS IS ONLY FOR THE OVER 18 CROWD. NAMES HAVE BEEN
CHANGED, DESCRIPTIONS SIGHTLY ALTERED AND THE PLACES, WELL THAT IS ANOTHER
MATTER. CHECK OUT YOUR NEIGHBOR OR CO-WORKER. ARE YOU CURIOUS?

3. Megan

Pretty dark haired Megan, 25, green eyes, round firm ass, very ample breasts and
long legs. Yes, rather perfect. Her owner is a 40-year-old carpenter who adores
her. Actually, she is the one who introduced him into the ways of D/s. Megan had
known her tastes when she was in high school back east.

The best thing about slave megan was, she was a Hooter's Girl. She worked at
Hooter's on San Mateo, They had a routine each Saturday, megan would work the
afternoon shift, during which she would, happily of course, suffer secret
indignities.

This morning Stan, her Master, woke her up with a tray of eggs and bacon in bed.
She stretched and kissed him passionately, while rubbing his chest.

Megan sipped her coffee as she watched Stan head into the bathroom. She loved
his tight buns and was dying to kiss them, but she knew that must wait as he had
not ordered it and she had to get to work for the lunch crowd.

The slave showered and shaved, you know where, and put on her makeup. The most
time consuming task was the enema. Stan did not participate but megan had to
give herself one and then make sure she was well cleaned out. She had gotten
used to them but still hesitated each time.

When the slave slut was finished preparing herself, she walked down the hall of
the modest house and knelt by the door at the end. Stan liked her to kneel erect
and hold each big tit up, offering them to him. It took Stan a while to come
from the kitchen, megan was getting worried as she did not want to be late from
work.

Naked Stan suddenly walked passed the slave and unlocked the door. Swinging it
open he stood back and snapped his fingers. Megan immediately dropped to all
fours and crawled through the door, this always made her hot. That is the only
way she was allowed to enter the room. Stan smiled as he watched her tight ass
wiggle as she crawled.

The room was not big but due to Stan's skills as a carpenter, it was dressed in
the deepest of woods, fancy trim and all sorts of devices.

When the slave had a chance to look up, there in a small spotlight was the
instrument of her humiliation for the day; a large flesh colored butt plug!
Larger that she has had before. Stan likes to vary the sizes so his slave does
not get used to them. This one was the biggest. Not only big and fat but covered
with bumps.

Megan went back to her kneeling position but could not take her eyes off the
rubber plug. The plug was on, what Stan called, a straddle beam. Without much
time left because megan had to get to work, Stan handed her a tube of KY and
pointed to the plug.

Megan shuffled over to it and covered it with a generous amount of jelly, and
then with a big dollop on her finger she pressed it into her tight asshole.

With a nod from Stan she stood and straddled the plug then slowly lowered her
asshole until the tip of the plug touched her little pucker.

"Hurry slave!" encouraged Stan.

Gritting her teeth megan pressed her asshole slowly around the plug. Down she
went and in it went. Yes she had excellent control over he muscles but the hurt
started as she hit half way. It hurt but the bumps started to stimulate her
sensitive tissue.

More pressure more stretching, lower and lower slave megan went. Stan watched
her shiver as her hole spread to accommodate the widest part of the plug. He
watched her breathing increase, breasts heaving, muscles tensing, and finally
relief as her spincter closed around the base.

Stan again snapped his fingers, bringing megan to her feet. Her training made
her know what to do. The pretty slut quickly strutted around the room, stopping
in front of her Master to bend over so her could inspect her plugged ass. He
touched it, tapped it and gave it a little tough to make sure it was well
seated. A shiver shot through her body and made her hanging tits jiggle, to
Stan's pleasure.

A stiff slap on her ass and he sent his property to get dressed. With some
difficulty the cute slut turned, kissed her lover and trotted off to her room.
Puckering her ass tight megan slipped on her panty hose, then her short pants.
She then slipped on her athletic socks and white gym shoes. Finally she slipped
her tight shirt over her head and fluffed her hair. One last glance in the
mirror, she adjusted her breasts and with another kiss, she headed to work.

The drive was interesting. She had had many butt plugs in her ass but none this
big and those bumps added a new twist. When megan parked at work, she swallowed
hard and stepped out of her truck. As she walked to the door, she felt the
rubber base of the plug rub between her ass cheeks.

The day went as usual, food, drink, smiling at customers, and giggling with the
other girls. About an hour before the slave was to get off from work, three
young men came in and after speaking with the hostess, they were seated at one
of megan's tables. They were friendly and jovial. Like so many others, they
flirted with megan as they ordered. She brought their drinks and more flirting.
She noticed their stares and whispering as she walked by waiting on other
tables. In a way, she noticed them more than anyone else did because they were
constantly joking and laughing. A little, before her shift ended the men got the
check, thanked her and left a $30.00 tip!

Megan was summoned to the telephone. It was her owner, "Are you almost finished
with your shift?" he asked. Quietly she answered "Yes Sir"

"When you are finished, go into the bathroom and remove your panty hose. Then on
your way home stop and get these things...." He ordered and then gave her a list
of several places to stop.

Megan knew that without the panty hose she would have to rely strictly on her
ass to hold the plug in. What else she did not really like was that she was
still wearing her Hooter's shirt, would she get the gawkers.

Megan clinched tight as she moved through Wal-Mart. Picking up some food and
drinks. At Home Depot her Master had her picking up items that she knew would be
used in the playroom. He could have gotten them himself earlier, but he enjoyed
knowing that it made her uncomfortable. What was worse that holding the plug in
her pussy was starting to leak juices.

Plopping in the driver's seat megan leaned back, after a quick glance around he
gave her hot cunt a good rub.

When the horny slut arrived home, Stan came out to meet her, and help her in
with the bags. After unpacking and putting the things away Stan ordered into the
bedroom and striped. "Then bend over and grab you ankles for inspection" he said

When he entered there was his slave as told, bent at the waist, hands grasping
her ankles, filled ass in the air. Stan walked up to her and ran his hand
lightly over the tight upturned buns. "Did you have a good day whore." He asked.

"Your whore had a good day Sir, extra tips" she liked being called a whore.

Her tips were laid out on the bed as usual. It was Stan's practice to take 75%
of her tips and make as if he would spend it on gambling or beer. In actuality,
he had a secret bank account in her name that already had $5,000.00 in it. He
would surprise her with it when she wanted a new vehicle.

Stan rubbed her ass harder and harder feeling her soft flesh that turned him on
so much. He took the plug and tugged and pulled it. Megan moaned loudly as her
rotated the knotty cork. He spent a few minutes just playing with her ass, then
moved to her taught thighs. His hands ran down the out side of her legs, around
her knees then up the inside until her felt the wetness that dripped from the
cunt. Smiling, the Master worked his way up and into her cunt. An even louder
moan escaped the excited slut's mouth.

Megan desperately wanted to impale herself on his fingers.

He buried his fingers deep in his property, but only briefly. He pulled out and
put his fingers to the slave's mouth. Megan took his fingers in her mouth and
licked them clean.

Stan slapped the bent slave several times on the ass and ordered her to take
shower and a quick nap. She was grateful, as she was rather tired from work. "
Leave the fucking plug in or else." He said.

Megan had fell into a deep restful sleep.

A while later Stan woke her. He asked if she was hungry. Having had a snack
before she left work, she told him "No Sir"

"Then stand" he ordered

Megan stood with her head bowed. The collar he locked around her lovely neck was
not the usual one, but a thick discipline collar. The wrist and ankle cuffs were
the same.

Stan attached a leash to megan's collar and led her out of the room. It was no
surprise where they were going. Reaching the playroom door the slave went to all
fours. Stan pushed the door open and pulled the slave through the doorway. The
room was dim, lit by the great indirect lighting that Stan had installed.

As she crawled toward the center of the room megan heard some strange noises.
Stan led her around the bondage horse he set up on the middle of the room and
when he stopped her, she knelt back on her calves.

Stan brought up the lights and told the slut she could look up. The sight of
three naked men sitting in the corner startled Megan, between the center one's
legs was a blonde women.

She glanced at her owner then back at the men. The two end ones had hard ons,
and megan stared at the blonde. Her head was bobbing at a fast rate. When megan
finally got her bearings she figured out the blonde was sucking the man's dick.
Then it hit her! These were same three people she had at her table and gave her
the big tip. It looked like they noticed her surprise as they looked at each
other and chuckled.

The blonde shuffled over to the one on the right, megan realized who she was. It
was Jenny, a member and an attractive 48-year-old wife of an Intel department
manager. They live in Rio Rancho not far from the plant. She was now on her
knees in front of much younger men, crawling like the fucking whore she is, from
one to the other sucking their dicks.

Stan jerked megan to her feet and pulled her to the end of the padded device. He
pushed her down on the padding and secured her ankle cuffs to the legs of the
horse, stretching them wide apart. He quickly pulled her arms behind her and
connected them together then to a chain hanging from the ceiling. Her collar was
chained to the front of the device. Megan has been in this position many times.
Her tits hung on either side of the horse. Stan hit a button on the wall and the
chain from the ceiling slowly pulled her arms up, putting uncomfortable stress
on her shoulders. The three men still did not say a word but passed the older
blonde slave from one to the other. Jenny sucked and licked each hard rod
stopping only to lick each scrotum.

Stan was the only one left with clothes on. After checking each binding again,
he gave megan a few hard slaps to her ass. "Megan my lovely Bitch! These are
three men from a swinger's group in Las Cruces. Clean and tested as we are. I
asked them to check you out at work, they liked what they saw and decided that
you were good enough to fuck."

That statement made the slave flush, the indignity of it, who are they to
decide.

"You will give them your best and they will give you your first gang bang." "Yes
Sir." Came the shaky reply

As a final touch, the slave's owner attached clamps to each of her rock hard
nipples. From each clamp a string hung and to the string her tied a small
plastic pail. This puzzled the slut.

"Jenny" ordered Stan with a snap of his fingers.

The naked blonde slut quickly dropped the cock from her mouth and scrambled over
to Stan on her hands and knee. He handed her a box of condoms; " You know what
to do, right cunt!" spat Stan  "Yes Sir this slave knows what to do."

Stan motioned to the men, with big smiles the stood up and approached the bound
up Hooter's girl, but not before one picked up two small Dixie cups of water
from a table.

Before positioning himself between the slave's legs Man 1 deposited the contents
of the cups in the pails that dangled form her tits. The slight weight change
made the slut cringe. Megan felt the soft flesh of the head of a hard prick
rubbing on her face. Instinctively she opened her mouth to accept it.

Around her back Man 1 stood with his hands on his hips. Jenny had opened the
rubber, and placed it in her mouth. Leaning forward, she pushed the man's hard
cock in her mouth, as she fed it deeper she unwound the condom on his dick.

When the rubber was properly installed Man 1 moved behind megan, with out so
much as an "excuse me" he pushed his dick deep into her pussy. The slave moaned
around Man 2's dick, he smiled and loved it. The bitch was fucked hard and fast
by the horny man. He had been waiting for several hours to get his meat into
that slut.

Stan handed Man 3 a light flogger, and motioned toward the bound slut. He had
never done this before but the big grin on his face showed that he was not
bashful. He stood to the side of megan and slapped her back with the whip. One,
two three, four, her continued. Both men looked at each other as they took
advantage of two of the slut's holes.

Man 1 held her hips and pistoned his prick in her pussy. His orgasm built
quickly as he fucked the cunt harder and harder. He gritted his teeth and
growled, his cock rammed deep into the bound bitch. He had a handful of her
hips, using it to help push his dick deeper than he though possible.

Megan, shivered with lust, she wanted to cum from the moment he pushed his cock
pasted her cunt lips. In spite of her lust she sucked Man 2 as deep as her angle
let her. Like having a dick all the way through her body.

Man 1 grunted it was obvious that he was shooting his wad. Man 2 pulled out from
the slave's hot mouth. Man 1 turned to slave jenny, she gently pulled the condom
off his dick, placed it in a bowl then reached up with her open mouth and sucked
his juices from his flesh. Man 2 picked up his two cups of water and dumped them
into the suspended buckets. Megan winced as the added weight pulled at her
tender tits. Turning, jenny put another rubber in her mouth and rolled it on the
real hard dick of Man 2. Like one, two rammed his dick deep into megan's open
cunt.

Like Man 1, two took his pleasure from the young woman, with one exception. As
he fucked he took the base of the butt plug, turned and twisted it. The
uncluttered mouth of the slave blurted out "Yesssss oh fucking yesssss please!!"
her head thrashed pulling on the chain fixing her to the wooden horse.

When the flogger hit her and Man 2 plunged into her and the plug was pulled out
the  rammed back in it was too much for her to stand, the slut broke out in a
sweat and trembled it an immense orgasm "Master I am cummmming please
Haaaaaaaaaa!"

Man 2 blew his load and blew it hard. He collapsed over the slaves back. While
he panted in passion and recovered his strength, Man 3 stood before jenny as she
sucked his cock into her mouth and rolled the rubber on the dick.

Jenny repeated her work with the used condom from two. Stan held Man 3 up for a
moment as her pulled the big ass plug from his property's hole. Three then
emptied his two cups of water into the pails and took his position behind megan.
He stared at Stan as he touched her open rectum with the head of his dick. Stan
nodded and Three plunged his cock all the way in. Weak Megan jerked  her head up
but did not have the strength to say anything. However, she did not have to
because Man 1 shoved his half hard cock into her mouth.

Magen lay bound being ass fucked in her own house. She felt the cock in her
mouth quickly gain it's life back. Jenny was sucking Two's cock, cleaning and
keeping it hard.

When Man 3 finished, One plunged into her asshole, when he finished, Three
fucked her cunt. Then One again in her ass and Two in her cunt.

As her ass was being reamed for the last time megan looked up to see her lover
sitting in a chair with the slave jenny on her knees sucking his 9-inch dick.
Poor jenny was working her ass off without any promise of satisfaction but that
was her husband's wish.

Megan wanted Stan's cock, wanted it bad, she loved him.

The slaves tits were stretched, they hurt and bad but she did not complain,
after six or seven orgasms. Her holes were wet but not from cum but her own
excretions and lubrication.

Jenny took Stan's huge load of cum in her mouth; it dripped out of the sides of
her mouth as she tried to swallow it. Jenny was there because she was a cumslut.
He looked at megan looking at him. She managed a small weak smile.

One, Two and Three sat back in the corner, and watched jenny blow Stan.

After a few minutes or rest everyone but megan, stirred. Stan redirected the
ever-present cameras to the spot before the three fuck hounds. He then moved the
bowl of used rubbers in the center of the floor. Snapping his finger jenny
crawled to the bowl. One buy one the blonde slave picked up a condom. She turned
them inside out and sucked the cold cum. Being very precise, she took her tired
tongue and licked every inch of the rubbers to get all the juice she could.

Stan released megan's tits from their torment and uncoupled her limbs from the
bindings. Megan just lay there in her tired gang banged bliss.

Stan picked up his lover in his arms, kissed her deeply and carried her out of
the room to their bedroom. Putting her down on the clean sheet he kissed her
head. Megan pulled his head down to her mouth and whispered, " Thank you so
much."

Stan returned to the playroom. The men were finished dressing. They sure wanted
to have a chance at jenny but even young men get fucked out. Naked jenny knelt
next to the bowl and waited instructions. She had been a slave for almost 20
years, and was kind of the matriarch of the Club's submissives.

Stan walked the men to the door thanked them then returned to the room. Per her
owner's instructions he cuffed jenny's wrists behind her and walked her to the
living room. There she waited for one of her owners to pick her up. Yes owners
but that is another chapter.

At the story goes on you will see some outside association. Remember I told you
that many of the members divert their activities from those of the Club, and
that is OK. We do have some "agreements" with other clubs, in Las Cruces, El
Paso, Farmington, Alamogordo and Los Alamos. We are the only truly BDSM club.

DOES ANYONE KNOW GOOD AMATURE SITES WHERE I CAN POST SOME PICS? FREE I HOPE  OR
TRADE SOME.




4. Ramona, Inga and puppy.

 The thing about New Mexico is the wonderful cultural and ethic diversity.

How do I describe Ramona, a firm but robust woman of mature stature? No flab or
cellulite. She was about 5'6" average bust for a woman her age and size. Black
hair and brown eyes. Ramona was from a very old Hispanic family; you know Old
Spanish land grants. She was a trained lawyer, but only did real-estate law now
and not much of that. She was one of the richest members of our group, but you
would not know it by her big heart. The first around when someone is in need. In
fact, she sometimes drives us crazy with her charities.

I had been in Santa Fe on business for a week, and my partner had to leave early
leaving me without transport. My subbie got a real bad case of the flu just
before I was to come home, well Ramona left her slave inga with my slut and
drove to Santa Fe to pick me up. All I had to do to repay her is fuck her, while
inga licked my asshole. The things we do for those we love.

Ho now inga! A typical statuesque German blonde. There is a very sexy contrast
between the 5'6" dark Dominatrix and the 5'10" blonde. I really get a rush
seeing a well dressed Ramona leading a naked slut inga by a leash.

One last thing, even after two marriages Ramona liked cock. Yes she found her
female sub more pleasing but she liked to fuck. Where inga at the ripe old age
of 24 was a strict lesbian. Ramona got great pleasure in watching her getting
big dick in her ass.

They have as close to a true 24/7 BD relationship as any one. They lived in a
house in Corrales, near the river. Inga kept house, shopped, saw to the rest of
the domestic chores. Ramona loved costumes so inga was not naked all the time.
She had a different costume for each day of the week; Monday is leather day,
Tuesday is harem girl day, Wednesday is bikini day, Thursday is Victoria Secret
day, Friday is tight jeans day, and the weekend is either French maid day or
just naked day. Of course, Ramona's whims and current activities caused
variations.

The one other thing that makes Ramona rather popular is that she had another
sub. Some of us are rather jealous of bi- women, they have an edge. Her sub is a
rather plain looking female, average but attractive. Ramona calls her "Puppy".
She is married to a Major from Kirtland AFB. She was significantly younger than
he, and bored. Her status and position is well kept by Ramona, only a couple of
us know puppy's background. A quick bio, she met her husband in California, a
whirlwind romance. Puppy did love him very much but there was a ten year
difference in their ages and her sexual needs were too much for her to stand.
She was always bisexual. It came to a head while they were stationed in Germany.
I know from personal experience, there was a lot of Hanky Panky there. Puppy
spent time with her lover, Ramona, when her husband was away, which was about 6
months out of the year and sometime when he was at work. He had met Ramona and
considered her just a friend of his wife.


That morning inga woke up in Ramona's arms. Inga made coffee as Ramona lounged
in bed for a while. A passionate kiss over the wonderful aroma of the coffee
sent electricity though inga. Tit to tit pressure sent shivers to the blonde's
hot twat. Ramona sweetly rebuffed any of inga's sexual advances. While showering
inga knelt and tried to eat her Mistress' cunt, she tried to satisfy her as they
dried and she crawled under the table during breakfast to please Ramona and the
dark haired woman softly pushed her away.

Right after breakfast, Ramona picked her slave's dress for her tasks. A sort of
halter top dress, thong and high-heeled sandals. The dress barely covered her
tight ass and the top allow a hint of her fine tits to be displayed outside the
thing fabric which did not do much to hide her wonderful nipples. The thong hid
the rings that pierced her labia and the silver tag that hung from the right
one.

Ramona gave inga a list of things to do and the keys to the car. As inga started
the car, she looked at the first item on the list "Pick up new collar". "SHIT!"
she said aloud. Of course, it was in German. I know the word but cannot spell
it. Off she went out into the county.

In 15 minutes inga pulled into the parking of a small wooden building marked
"Saddle Shoppe". Walking across the gravel lot she adjusted the top of the
dress. Inside the shop were two cowboys, yes real cowboys, were sitting talking
to the leather- smith.

"Hey" he said with a big smile.

"Hello" was her accented answer

"Come on in the back I have you order ready".

The two customers made not attempt to hide their stares as the sexy blonde
walked passed them into the back of the shop. The shop owner opened a door to
the back room and waited for inga to go first, inga turned her head and smiled
at him "Thank you" she said politely. Closing the door behind them he opened a
cabinet and removed a thick leather collar. Inga immediately reached behind her
neck and pulled the bow on her dress top. The top fell away exposing her big
luscious tits. The owner had seen them many times but he still got an
instantaneous hard-on. Inga pulled her hair out of the way while he wrapped the
leather around her neck. The collar fit from her shoulders to her chin. As he
tightened it, inga found that she could not move her head but a fraction of an
inch. He checked each area, tugging, feeling, and making sure it would not
chaff. As he did, he took the liberties granted by Ramona. He felt up the
lesbian's soft but firm tits, twisted a nipple or two and ran his hands over her
dress-covered ass.

Inga never got used to a man's hands on her, although it happened often, it
pleased Ramona to torment her like that.

"Does it pinch or hurt anywhere?" he asked

"No Sir" again being polite as her mauled a tit.

He removed the collar and looked for any marks on her neck. He would do this for
a horse after making a halter. He put the collar in a box and sat down. Inga
bowed up a little because she knew what came next.

He took a horse blanket, put it on the floor at his feet, and smiled. Inga knelt
on the blanket and reached for his belt. She thought "At least it was early in
the morning and he had not worn the pants all day" but that was little
consultation for her as he always had the horse odor about him. Inga exposed his
hard cock, it was not very big, but then it really was not important to the sub
leszzie.

Massaging his dick, and rubbing his balls, inga started the required hand-job.
She was thankful that she was not made to blow him. Her soft hand moved up and
down on the hard rod. Faster and faster she moved. The Leather-smith leaned back
and moaned. It did not take long before he was shooting his load. The cum shot
all over her hands and some landed on her tits. Inga hated this with a passion,
but she would always obey her Mistress.

Inga cleaned up the sperm with the aid of some tissues, then stood up. "May I
pull up my dress" she asked. The limp shop owner gave her permission as he
zipped himself up.

Inga left with the box. There were now three men gawking at her. Starting the
car inga was off to Cottonwood Mall.


While inga was jerking off the leather-smith, puppy pulled into Ramon's
driveway. Ramon looked out when she heard the car; she had been expecting the
slave. She watched the cute woman climb out of the car. Puppy walked up to the
house; she was dressed only in a rather short raincoat. That would have looked
strange if she had stopped anywhere as it was pushing 90 degrees. A pair of
5-inch heels was the only other clothing that could be seen by Ramona as her
slut stepped on the front porch.

As puppy turned the front door knob, Ramona sat down in the living room and made
as if she was reading the paper. Puppy entered the front hall, it could be seen
by the Dom. Ramona watched as puppy unbuttoned her coat and slipped it off her
shoulders. Ramona's heart jumped, the bitch was naked, except for her shoes.

Puppy took her place on here knees by the entrance to the living room. It was
not comfortable; she was kneeling on hard Spanish tile waiting for her Mistress
to acknowledge her. Ramona knew how much time it took her slave to become
impatient.

"Hello Slave" says the Mistress.

Puppy stood and scurried to her Mistress' feet. The naked slut lay flat on the
floor with her arms wrapped around the legs of the Dom. Ramona was wearing short
white socks and excersize shoes. Puppy pressed her lips against the fabric of
the left shoe. Small light kisses, from the toe along the laces to the instep.
Naked puppy groveled happily at the feet of the sadist. Ramona just leaned back
and enjoyed the humiliating performance of the slave.

Ramona did not say a word for more than five minutes. Puppy had kissed and
debased her way from the left to the right foot. Ramona did love the sight of
the prostrate naked girl, groveling at her feet.

"Nice to see you slut!" said Ramona with a smug look. That gave poor puppy the
right to speak, "OH Mistress please can I stay the weekend, I love you and need
you sooo bad, please Mistress Ramona?" she pressed her cheek into the instep of
Ramona's foot. Her naked breasts pushed into the lush carpet. Proned out the
slave kept her legs spread wide even though there was no one to see her open
cunt and ass.

"Are you ready to serve me?" asked the Mistress.

"Yes Mistress Ramona, order me, anything Madam." Begged the bitch

"Time to clean!" said Ramona, as she stood up and walked away from the slut.

Puppy got on her hands and knees and followed her Mistress to the "Blue Room".

The "Blue Room" is Ramona's Dungeon. Not exactly like the typical hell hole, but
a very tasteful room done is a blue motif. Of course, the usual devices are
there, whips, paddles, chains, cuffs and other special equipment.

The house was usually immaculate but puppy loved to be humiliated while doing
things for her Mistress, Ramona could not deny her that. Besides the Dominatrix
had a surprise for her loving slave.

In the Blue Room, Ramona started by putting even higher healed shoes on puppy
and locking them in place. Thick leather cuffs were then locked around her
ankles with 18 inches of chain between them.

Next was the surprise. With puppy standing with her wrists crossed behind her,
back and head bowed Ramona held up a black belt device. Puppy looked at the belt
and shivered, in pleasure. It had a long butt plug, and a thick dildo attached.
This was not quite like the other "Pleasure" harnesses she had worn.

Ramona draped the harness over a low stool then put on the video system on. "You
had better get them well lubricated, bitch." Ordered the Domme.

Puppy happily went to he knees and crawled to the stool. Bending further over
she first took the dildo in her mouth and caressed it with her lips. She knew
she would have to work harder on the butt plug, her pussy was wet enough.

While she watched her slave, Ramona removed her shorts then sat in her tall back
chair. She spread her legs and moved her hand to her trimmed pussy. One hand
dangled over the arm of the chair while she diddled her sensitive clit.

The dildo was almost too thick for puppy; she could not manage her usual deep
throat. In fact, she did more licking than sucking. Ramona, watched the morning
light from the window glint off the saliva, puppy was leaving on the rubber
prick. Ramona watched her property do her work for five or more minutes, and
then she snapped her fingers. Puppy knew what to do; she shifted from the dildo
to the plastic plug.

The cunt did a wonderfully sexy job. She started by gently kissing it from the
pointy tip to the thin base. Ramona made a mental note to reward her for that.
As her slave started her wonderful performance the Domme reached under the arm
of the chair and pushed the remote control to make the camera zoom in on the
slut.

The dark haired beauty continued playing with her cunt while watching her
playtoy do her job. "puppy" she said. The slave looked up and noticed the nod of
the Domme's head. She crawled over to a table, pressing some KY into her hand
she returned to the stool. With a gentile touch, puppy covered the plug of the
harness with the jelly. She then crouched over the stool. With one hand to
steady herself and one to guide the rubber rods, she sat slowly. The plug pushed
into her asshole first, its pointed tip easily speared the rear pucker. When
that was lined up, puppy guided the thick dildo into her soaking wet cunt. Puppy
was not kind to herself, when the intruders were lined up she just sat on them
with a steady pressure. When they seemed to tight enough, she just rose a little
and pressed back down. She gritted her teeth and did not make a sound until her
asshole closed over the thin base of the plug.

"Ahhhh Yesss Yess Mistress yess it feels so good. Thank you, haaa!"

Ramona smiled; leaving her cunt she stood and walked to her charge. She helped
her stand and hold the dicks in her. In a few quick moves, Ramona had the
harness belted around puppy's waist. Puppy moved her legs apart so her Mistress
could bring the harness up between her legs.

When Ramona was done puppy was synched up. A thick leather belt with a hard wire
sewn in went around the waist. From the back of the belt, another rather thick
leather strap ran down between the cheeks of her ass. On this strap were the
plugs that filled each of the slut's holes. Now until now it seem just like any
chastity belt or tormenting harness, but just in front of the dildo the leather
was split and thinned. Ramona pulled the slave's labia apart and placed the
straps on either side of her hard sensitive clit. When the straps were attached
to the front of the belt, it effectively pulled the cunt lips apart and away
from the clit. Ramona takes a moment to torment her slut by playing with her
clit. When she was sufficiently aroused, Ramona clipped a metal cup to small
metal clips on the straps. The cup had a small hole in the center. Not big,
enough for a finger or any other implements that puppy could think of.

When the belt was locked on the slave her holes were filled and her most
sensitive parts were denied the stimulation she craved. The belt was locked on
with special locks and Ramona places the key around her neck.

Ramona put a thick, tall leather collar on puppy. It was designed to give her
minimal movement. Then she raised the slave's tits to her mouth and sucked on
her hardening nipples until puppy thought they were going to burst! The Mistress
tied thin nylon cord around each, this helped keep them hard, added a little bit
of pain and were the perfect place for her next decorations. She attached brass
bells to each string; they dangled a few inches below the slave's nice hard
nipples. Using the strings Ramona pulled puppy toward her. Leaning down the
strong woman engulfed the slave's mouth in a hot long tongue-tangling kiss.

Ramona leaned back in her special chair and opened her legs. Her hand slowly
worked its way down her stomach to her dripping wet cunt. Puppy dared looked up
and stared at her owner. The hot Dominatrix moves her other hand to her pussy as
slowly as the first. She saw a chill shoot though her slave. Ramona smiled and
pulled her labia apart, showing her hard clit to the kneeling slave.

With difficulty puppy crawled the few feet to her Mistress. Shaking with
passion, she moved her mouth to the woman's hot pussy. With the first taste, the
slave greedily engulfed the wet spot with the open mouth. She sucked hard on the
open hole; the juices flowed over her tongue. Tasting her lover she moaned and
darted her tongue, directly to the hard clit. Puppy spent a minute flicking the
clit with the tip of her tongue. She had been trained well and listened and felt
her Mistress's emotions. When Ramona moaned, puppy pursed her lips and sucked
the clit into her mouth like a cock. Each suck got harder and harder, when she
could not get any more of the flesh into her mouth she again used the tip of her
talented tongue. She danced it over the extended flesh of the clit.

She felt her owner's legs tremble as Ramona tried to hold back her excitement.
When she made the clit as sensitive as she could she drew back her lips. Taking
a deep breath, she took in the deep aroma of her owner, her tormenter, and her
owner. Pushing her tongue out as far as it would go, puppy plunged it into the
hot hole. She licked up the top of the hot cunt then went further up caressing
the clit then down the right lip. Another moan from Ramona, when puppy moved her
tongue back inside her pussy.

That was all she could stand, Ramona grabbed her slut's head and pulled it
forcefully to her crotch. Puppy used her tongue to fuck her Mistress. Ramona
pulled harder on the slave's head. Puppy swirled her tongue around the hard
clit, large circles then with ever faster and smaller circles.

This became difficult but her passion for eating her Mistress's pussy and her
training kept puppy on target.

"Yes bitch, eat it cunt, eat it!! Fucking whore suck it,
Ahhhhhhhhhhhfuuuccckkkk!!!" Blurted Ramona as she comes hard, very hard.

The Domme fell back in her chair; puppy put her check on the inside of her
lover's naked thigh.

Ramona fiddled with the slave's mussed up hair. After a few minutes, Ramona
gently pushed puppy back to her knees. "Is my little slut horny?" "Yes Ma'am"
was her weak reply. "You did well but not well enough, if you work hard today,
maybe you can cum!" retorted Ramona.

"Yes Mistress" said a whimpering puppy.

"We must finish your outfit before inga gets home," said Ramona

Ramona ordered the slave to open her mouth. She inserted a black cock gag. It
was attached to puppy's head with straps around her checks; some attached to
each side of the gag then run up her face to join at her forehead. From there,
the leather strap ran over the top of her head to join with the other straps in
the back.

Another length of chain, about 12 inches, joined her wrist cuffs. Then like her
nipples, bells went on each wrist, ankle and on her waist. Taking the center of
the wrist chain Ramona pulled the slave to the center of the Blue Room. She
attached it to a hanging hook.

"Spread you legs!" ordered the Mistress "I will show you what that hole in the
clit cup is for."

Puppy spread her legs as far as the chain would let her. Ramona circled the
bound bitch; puppy felt a tickling on her neck is quickly moved around to her
chest then down her tit to her nipple. Ramona was moving a small feather over
the slave's skin.

A second later, puppy jumped. Ramona had taken the feather, snaked it through
the small hole in the metal cup encasing the slut's clit. She moved it back and
forth, twisted it and finally side to side. The tip tormented puppy's already
swollen bud. After 30 seconds Ramona removed the feather. " You see dear, you
cannot touch yourself, even with a vibrator it would be hard to cum, but I can
make you orgasm when I want or just drive you fucking nuts."

Ramona tied a frilly white apron around puppy's waist before letting her down.
With hard slap on the ass, the Domme sent puppy about her cleaning chores.

Ramona put her shorts back on and followed the slave out of the room. She just
stared at the sexy woman's ass jiggle while trying to walk in the high-heels
with the short hobble chain.

Inga arrived at the Cottonwood Mall on the west mesa of the city. She gathered
stares from the moment she stepped out of her vehicle. The cart boy just about
ran a cart into a new BMW parked nearby.

Although inga knew how to "strut her stuff" she really did not like it. Liking
women, having men watching her did not make her happy. This sexual leaning
together with a rather strict, Lutheran upbringing, her father was a minister,
always gave her a flush of shame at her display. Of course that is exactly the
reason, her owner, Ramona, made her show herself off.

It was early so the crowd at the mall was minimal. Inga tried to keep her eyes
forward and concentrate on her tasks but she kept feeling the air-conditioned
breeze dusting the cheeks of her tight ass as they peeked out from under her
short dress. Then there were her poor hidden tits. The same cool air forced her
nipples to press against the material of the halter style top.

She moved from store to store, picking up things on her list and items ordered
by her Mistress. When inga dropped a couple of packages, a security guard picked
them up for her, of course he tried to hit on her, she wanted to just tell him
to "fuck off" but Ramona had trained her to flirt with men and politely turn him
down.

Inga carried her items back out to the car. Three high school boys passed by as
she bent over to put the things in the trunk. She heard them make a couple of
immature comments.

Inga pulled into the driveway and saw puppy's truck. She liked that, more pussy.

The blonde entered the house through the kitchen, with her packages. Ramona was
fixing herself a cup of tea so inga quickly put the items on the table and knelt
at he owner's feet. "Did you get everything?" asked Ramona. "Ya Milady" answered
inga.

"Puppy is already working, she ate me real well. Put the things away and return
to me as fast as you can." Ordered the Domme.

Inga stood up, grabbed the items and quick stepped to her tasks. She put the
household items in the pantry, the cleaning items in the cabinet and while
heading for the bedroom she ran into puppy in the hall. Puppy looked up from her
dusting and gave inga a nod, inga saw the ends of her mouth go up as she
attempted a smile through the gag.

The blonde house slave put her Mistress' shoes and underwear away then stripped
down. The only items she wore were her piercing in her labia. She checked her
hair and makeup in the mirror and set off to find her sexy owner. The slave's
sex was already wet.

Inga found puppy kneeling in the hall outside the Blue Room. Puppy nodded toward
the door. Inga knocked gently and was told to enter by Ramona. She opened the
door and entered with head bowed. When she glanced up, she saw Ramona standing
with several leather straps. Inga knew this was not going to be a sweetness and
cream session.

Inga stood in front of the Domme with the wrists crossed behind her. Ramona
grasped each tit in turn and wrapped the leather around the base of each one.
They were not tight but enough to put each breast into a sexy ball. Walking
behind the slave Ramona wrapped one of her leather and stainless steel collars
on her.  When the collar was locked on, Ramona moved her hands to inga's
nipples. They were growing to hard points. Ramona rolled each between her
finger, each twist she got tighter and tighter, until she heard the slave take
in a deep breath. The Mistress would have liked to prolong the torment but her
libido was pushing her on.

Ramona picked a long rod, at each end was a screw clamp. Inga had not seen the
device before, as the sadist attached one end to a pert nipple. Ramona was not
gentile. She then pulled the other of the tied tits out and attached the other
clamp. This spread inga's tits painfully wide apart. Most would thing the nipple
clamps and the spreader bar enough, but not Ramona. With a gleam in her eye, the
dark Spanish woman pulled each leather strap tight. The slave moaned loudly as
her tits were forced into large melon balls!

Ramona clipped a leather strap to the center of the torturous spreader bar. She
brought the strap down between the slut totally naked cunt then up the crack of
her ass. Holding the strap up tight she ordered inga, "Hold it!" inga clamped
her tight buttocks together as her owner ordered, "Ya Mistress" she answered.

Ramona clamped stainless steel cuffs on her property. Not handcuffs but almost
medieval looking cuffs. Then roughly grabbing the leather she pulled it up very
tight and wrapped it around the chain connecting the cuffs.

Ramona had more torment in mind but her pussy just would not let her.

Clipping a leash to inga's cunt ring, she led the slave out of the room.
Grabbing puppy's leash, she lead them both down the hall with a huge shit eatin
grin on her face.

It was just noon and she had already cum, tortured two sluts and was looking
forward to one more huge orgasm.

In the middle of the bright living room Ramona removed the gag from puppy and
put the sluts on their knees. "Undress me." She ordered. Silently both slaves
reached and removed their Mistress's clothes. That was not hard as she only wore
a tee shirt, jogging shorts, socks and sneakers.

Now naked Ramona circled her abject slaves. She rubbed her pussy for them to
see. Telling them, how horny she was and how they were such worthless beings,
they just would not be able to satisfy her. She pulled on inga's tit rod,
watching her grit her teeth trying not to cry out. Ramona would then grab
puppy's tits hard and twisted and turn them.

When she was happy that she had tormented both cunts, the Mistress picked up a
silver dollar from the coffee table, tossed it in the air and ordered inga to
call it. She called "Heads", it was tails.

Ramona stood between her two slaves and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was
toward puppy, her ass faced inga. "Inga you lost, get you mouth in there and
lick my ass while lovely puppy sucks my cunt until I cum!"

Both slaves shuffled on their knees into position. Ramona moaned as each mouth
touched the appointed spot at the same time! She had already felt puppy's mouth
on her cunt but with the talented inga eating her ass; it sent Ramona into
heaven. After only a few minutes, she wondered if it was a good idea as her legs
began to go weak. Ah! However, she was experienced and soon gained her strength
back as she pushed her ass back on to her house slave.

Reaching the peak that she had wanted so badly, Ramona grabbed her tits. She
kneaded them like bread dough. Each bound bitch used every trick to please her
owner so she might allow her her needed orgasm!

The noises Ramona made told the slaves that she came, one, two and three times.
That was even too much for the Dominatrix, she pushed her slaves away and
collapsed onto the nearby couch.

With her panting breath, Ramona told her two slaves that they had earned their
reward. Of course, it would take the rest of the day in their torturous bondage
before they would receive it.


WELL, I  HOPE YOU LIKE THIS INSTALLMENT. THE FEEDBACK HAD BEEN GREAT. I WOULD
LIKE TO MAKE AN OFFER. IF YOU SEND A PIC OF YOUR SUB I WILL RETURN IN KIND. HECK
IF YOU REALLY WANT ONE, ESPECIALLY YOU LADIES, JUST ASK. THESE ARE REAL SO I
EXPECT REAL.
THANKS A LOT FOR YOUR NICE COMMENTS. MORE, MORE.




New Mexico's Best Club
Chap 5 The Author.

I thought I would interject a short chapter about one of my favorite activities
with my subbie, a trip to the hardware store. "What in the hell is so exciting
about that?!" you say. Where do you think all that neat bondage equipment comes
from, the S&M Fairy?

As I stated in the first chapter, our group is not like those in the books, such
as "The Story of O" we are not rich. In my case, I cannot afford all those
expensive equipment. I also like making the equipment as a hobby and my slave,
ann (actually her name is nna, but I changed it to protect her identity) takes a
special pride in the fact that I took the time to make the devices for her.

One Saturday I woke up and found myself without a damn commitment. Ann was
already in the shower so I went to her dresser and picked her thick gold chain
necklace. I placed it on the vanity. She heard me and sang out a "Good Morning".
That was one of our signals to tell her I was in the mood. I went to the kitchen
to start tea. I sat down, watched the news, and waited for my blonde slut to
finish her shower and get the message.

It was a few minutes before I heard the shower shut off. The water was hot so I
poured the tea and sat back down. Shortly I heard her footsteps, when I turned
she was walking toward me, naked with the chain necklace locked on her neck. Her
hair was fixed and she wore the right amount of slave makeup.

She knelt next to my chair, her head down her hands under each tit holding them
up. I like this position as I can reach over and play with her always-hard
nipples.

"What can this worthless slut do for her Master?" she asked as she had done a
thousand times before.

I told her to go get her tea and return. The slave jumped up and returned in a
flash.

"After breakfast we will go shopping. Mostly to the hardware store." I told her
she knew that meant.

It was to find new devices to torment her and build new equipment.

"We will also hit Victoria's Secret or Fredrick's. You need some more slutty
clothes for your "On call" days." She smiled a little but I knew she was always
a little frightened at the hardware trips.

I stood and motioned to the slave, she followed. Standing in front of the
commode, I put my hands on my hips. Slave ann knelt next to me put up the seat
and took my penis in her hand. I let loose my morning piss; I had been holding
it since I woke up just for this minute. She was well trained, never looking up,
just looking at my cock. She had one hand directing the stream of piss; the
other was on my thigh. A gentile touch.

The flow started to taper off. Ann moved her left hand from my thigh to my
balls. I gave my bladder a couple of last squirts. Ann shook my cock easily then
leaned forward and took the flaccid flesh into her mouth. She cleaned my cock
with her mouth. I smiled as I felt her use her tongue to tantalize me to
erection. She pulled her mouth from my cock and started kissing it down the limp
length. Turning her blonde haired head so slightly she laid some gentile kisses
on my shaved scrotum. It did feel good, oh so good but I had a plan. I pushed
her away and stroked her hair. "Breakfast" I said. She kissed my leg and went to
start breakfast as I showered.

I showed up at the table dressed, as sweet naked ann put the plates on the
table. She sat across from me. I guess I have a thing about being dressed while
she is naked, I know even after all this time, it embarrasses her.

Ann put the dishes in the washer I picked out her clothes and other things! I
laid out jeans, white Hooter's tee shirt, lacy garter belt, stockings, boots and
her Justin straw hat. The underthings do not quite go with the clothes but that
was the idea.

My naked sub stood with her legs spread 18 inches apart, holding her tits up for
me to suck. I leaned over, took each nipple in my mouth, in turn, and sucked
very hard. Ann likes that part. Turning to the dresser, I ordered her to play
with the nipples, and make them harder. After giving her a minute, I took some
of my 50lb test parachute cord and tied it around each hard bud. A small grin
came over her lovely face, she knew that they would stay hard and get more
sensitive as the morning went on.

After a couple of tugs, I took her into my arms and gave her a deep passionate
kiss. In fact we necked a bit and I pawed her tits and ass. She put her arms
behind her as I reached into the dresser again and pulled out a nice plug for
her ass. Her eyes went wide. It is not often that I have her go out in public,
as she knew I was about too. It was not your usual plug. It was not shaped like
a cone; it was a cock with the indention for her ass to close on. The dildo was
seven inches long and a couple inches around.

I sat in the chair in the corner; my slave knelt on the floor facing me. She
opened her hot mouth and took the rubber cock deep in her mouth with one plunge.
She slowly pulled it out, like stretching a piece of gum, her lips tight around
its circumference.
With an evil smile on her face she turned her head to the side and danced her
tongue up and down the length, leaving her saliva glinting off the sides.

I loved the show but I leaned over, handed her the tube of KY. Ann is very
meticulous; she coated every inch of the rubber dick with lube. Laying back she
spread her legs in a wide "V" then reached down between them and slowly pushed
the big plug deep into her open asshole. Inch by inch the dildo disappeared;
only a slight look of discomfort crossed her pretty face. She only had to pull
it back out one or two times. I watched her rock hard nipples sticking up as her
breasts heaved with the pleasurable discomfort the plug gave her.
	
Ann lay there until I told her to get dressed. I watched her walk across the
room clinching her ass to hold the plug in place. I watched her get dressed, she
kept giving me her sexy smiles.


We hopped in the truck and headed out. First stop, Home Depot. I parked almost
in the last row, ann looked at me, pleading, and asked "Please Sir, park
closer!"

"Sweetie you have to earn it, today." I told her.

We held hands walking into the store. She I watched her face out of the corner
of my eye. She was walking with a lot more of a wiggle than I always had her
walk. Ann did not have a small ass but it sure looked good in jeans. I could see
that she wanted to fondle her tits. The fabric rubbed wonderfully on her nipple
tips.

My slut got a cart, of course that is not all she got, the stares she received
from the men turned me on. Those nipples sticking out, and the Hooter shirt were
red flags.

We wandered around, with nothing planned but a hard fuck; we had plenty of time.
I lusted over the power tools, and the new paneling. We came to the chain and
lock area, and spoke about the thickness and weight of the chains. I took some
and compared it to her wrists and arms, speaking loud enough for passers to
hear. Standing close to her and just after a family of five passed, I ran a
portion of a thick chain over my slave's hard sensitive nipples.

We bought fifteen feet of medium chain. Moving down to the lock and latch
department, I dawdled over the double snaps. I even clipped several of them to
her chain necklace. Ann's eyes darted around to see who saw her. She caught the
eye of a stock girl. The girl about 20 years old was staring at us as I tugged
on one of the clips. She smiled a little with a knowing look in her eye. My slut
was close to me; I reached up and grabbed one of her nipples, hard. That broke
her stare and the stock girl pushed her cart around the corner.

We bought some hooks, eyebolts, wooden dowels and other small items.

The next stop, Wal-Mart. I parked a little closer, telling my whore that she did
well before. She hung on my arm and looked at me as if we were just in love, as
we walked in. We did some household shopping then found our way to the lingerie
department. There my now cheerful slave, picked up items, held them up to
herself and modeled them for me. She wanted to find something to please me. She
got looks when she held up to her body one of those cheap see-through baby doll
nightie. I had her pick and buy one, also a couple of packs of thongs. These
were ripped or cut off her regular.

On the way to the mall I ordered my slave to reach up into her shirt pull the
string tighter and play with her nipples for almost the entire ride. As we rode,
she told me that a trucker was watching her. I  ordered her to smile at him or
her. I only allowed her to flash on the open highway. When we pulled into the
mall parking lot, she struggled to tuck in the shirt. I reached over and kissed
her deeply while running my hand over her thigh to her crotch. "Wet?" I asked,
"Yes Sir, very can we hurry please." Was her sweet answer. I played hurt; she
wanted to hurry mostly because she had to pee. I was not going to pass this up.

I lead her into one of the pubs at the mall. I ordered a beer and for her a Long
Island Ice Tea. When it arrived, I told her to go to the bathroom; also I wanted
her to take 1 minute to play with her clit. She looked around and rose. I
watched her wiggle into the Ladies Room. She told me later that she had to reach
around behind her ass and use her hand to help hold the plug in. ann also
thanked me for letting her rub herself although it made her wetter.

The strong drink, on an empty stomach had the effect I wanted. It made her a
little giddy. At Victoria's Secret, she dove into shopping. She needed several
things, more stockings, garter belts and a bra or two. Here she did not rush. My
horny slave checked all the new garters, sleepwear and anything that would fit
in or stand up to our Club meetings.

After a quick and uneventful stop for lunch, we arrived home. I sent ann to put
away her things while I took care of the hardware. Properly ann stripped as soon
as she got to the bedroom. She took a chance and rubbed her bald cunt while
gripping her plugged asshole. I finished and found myself standing in the
doorway of the bedroom watching my slut. I could see the base of the plug
between her cheeks. A couple of times, before she noticed me, she reached around
and pushed it to make sure it was in correctly.

I could not stand it any longer. Ann only noticed me when she heard my belt
buckle jingle as I dropped my pants. She hurried over and went to her knees in
front of me. She helped me out of my clothes then took my hard cock in her
hands. "Sir can this whore please suck your cock!" she begged not asked.

I just grabbed the back of her hair and pulled her face to my crotch. In one
gulp, she sucked my cock down her throat. She closed her lips around it and
wiggled her tongue around the underside of my flesh. I released her head but my
loyal slave started using her mouth as a cunt. In and out stopping only to lick
the swollen head or turn her head to lick my balls. "Fucking suck it cunt,
fucking whore Damn slut!" I said between sucks. It did not seem it but ann
sucked harder. She was turned on by the abuse.

I grabbed  her blonde hair and pulled he to her feet and bent her over the bed.
I plunged my cock into her wet cunt. She was so fucking wet that I almost did
not feel her skin. I felt her juice flow out over my balls as I drove into her
twat.

Ann yells, " Fuck your slave please fuck me, I am yours!"

It only took a few strokes to have her cumming! I grabbed her hair and using it
as a lever I just fucked her as fast as I could. I cared not for her feelings.
"Fucking teasing bitch, damn fucking slut, cunt, tease me bitch! I barked and
punctuated it with a hard slap to her ass. Ann came again! By this time, I was
close. Ann came again and I felt her cunt close in on my cock. This sent me over
the edge and rammed it in as far as I could. I shot a morning long load of spunk
into her.

Like everyone does, I fell on her waiting for my breath to come back. When I
gained my senses I stood and pulled out. I gave her another hard slap to her
nice ass. "Finish bitch!" I said.

Weakly the slave turned and took my cock in her mouth. Ann loves the taste of
herself. Often after she was allowed to finger herself, she would beg to lick
her fingers clean. She got a lot of herself off my cock.

"You may take the plug from your ass." I said

"Thank you Sir, thank you very much for fucking me." I had her wear some of the
new items we had bought today. I loved watching her strut her stuff around the
house dressed as a whore in a whorehouse.


An hour or so later, I called her to the playroom. Kneeling in front of me, we
spoke of the morning's activities and she assured me she enjoyed it. I told her
that was just the start. She had five orgasms without permission. Of course, I
knew she could not hold out. Now it was time for her to pay for them.

I put on one of her red dog collars, a red spandex blindfold and a bit gag. I
pushed her against the wall and secured cuffs to her wrists and her wrists to
the ceiling.

Her pleadings were well muffled by the gag as I started pinching her sore
nipples. I tied more cord to each and ran the cord to hooks in the ceiling.
Hanging weights from the cord caused her tits to be pulled painfully upward. As
I slowly added weight ann moaned loudly. Again, I was getting hard. I thought of
calling an "On the Vibrator" slave for a blowjob.

I sat an watched here for a while, she would move as little as she could trying
to get a little more comfortable. The pull on her nipples never decreased.

I took some pictures then sat next to her. Taking my time I stroked her red
stocking covered legs. Starting at the calf, I worked my way up. Before I
touched her cunt, as she wanted I stroked the other leg. To her pleasure, I
finally worked my finger into her still wet hole. It was so nice when she
automatically opened her legs to give me total access to her twat.

I played with her, bringing her up then letting her down. I did this until I
thought she would cry. Taking a blue vibrator I turned it on low and shoved it
up her wet cunt. "Close your legs and hold this in. Do not cum, or else!" I
ordered.

Ann complied, reluctantly. I took more pictures and left. I had eased up on her
tits because I planed on being gone a while.

When I return small beads of sweat covered her body.  I pulled the vibrator out
of her cunt, and tossed it on the bed. Putting my face close to hers I kissed
her cheek and asked "Did my whore cum?' I could not see her eyes but her face
gave away a wince, she shook her head yes.

I freed her tits then her arms; she dropped them limp at her side. I helped her
to the bed. There I removed the blindfold and the gag. I cupped her face and we
kissed. She kissed back hard wanting me as much as I wanted her.

I brought her a big glass of water and let her drink it and use the bathroom

She came to me and with her sub head bowed asked "Will Master punish me now."

I smiled and pulled her to the bed. Making her get on all fours, I picked the
leather flogger. Counting them, I gave her ten good ones. It reddens her ass.

Turning over she opened her legs wide, her way of begging to be fucked. I
obliged her. Jumping between her legs I rammed my hard rod again into her and
fucked her to many orgasms. This time I pulled out and shot my load all over her
tits while she pushed her fingers into her cunt.


AS I SAID BEFORE ANYONE WANT TO TRADE PICTURES, LET ME KNOW.

IF YOU WANT TO SEND FEEDBACK ON THIS STORY I HAVE A GREAT PICTURE TO GO ALONG.
IT WILL BE SENT IF YOU WISH.




 NEW MEXICO'S BEST CLUB
Chap 6 HAPPY BIRTHDAYS


There are two costumes that turn me on one is, Belly-dancers. There are two
slaves and one Mistress that practice the art.  My slut ann is learning and
tries but no one can wiggle her ass like sharon. She is teaching both ann and
the other slave.

As jealous as it makes ann I just cannot stop using sharon when she is
available. What makes the slave even more attractive is her fiery red hair and
large tits.

Last year, ann cooked up a great present. Our club tradition is that each
birthday and Christmas are three-day events. The family, the Club and a day
given by the slave or the Owner to the slave.

It was a Saturday and it was no surprise that she had something cooked up. So
after lunch I set out to see a friend and have a beer. A couple of hours later I
went home. Seeing no other cars in the drive I smiled, figuring on a long
evening with just the two of us.

Inside I found my love kneeling as usual, but the surprise was she was wearing
her harem costume. Of course like most things with us and the club it was not
the kind you see on "I Dream of Jennie". From the head down, she wore the
typical headdress and veil. Around her neck was a red suede collar, her upper
arms were decorate with gold slave bracelets. Small clamps, from each dangled
delicate gold bells pinched her hard nipples. A gold belly chain caressed her
stomach just above the very shear, fine read silk, pantaloons. They were sear
enough for me to view her hairless cunt and cute tattoo. Her wrists and ankles
were wrapped with thin red leather cuffs. Each had a matching set of bells, like
those on her tits.

She had only worn the whole outfit once before, for a dancing test.

"Welcome home Master." She said with all sincerity as she leaned forward and
gave each of my boots a long kiss. "May I stand and serve you, Sir?"

Of course I allowed her to stand.

She moved and placed a chair behind me. After unbuckling my belt and pulling my
pants down, she asked me to sit. Ann knelt and pulled off my boots, socks and
pants. My slave pulled my shirt over my head and used my arm to have me stand.
Picking up my robe she held it up, I placed my arms in it and tied it around my
waist. Kneeling, the slave reached up under my robe and pulled my shorts off,
casting them aside she again leaned over, and after kissing each of my feet she
placed my slippers on them.

Placing her head on the floor between my feet the blonde cunt asked "Would you
please come to the bath with your lowly slave?"

On the dresser was the candle and pot we used to heat up body oil. She led me
through the bedroom to the bath. The curtains were closed; scented candles lit
the room and bubbles floated in the garden tub.

I spent the next half-hour soaking and being washed by my slave. When she was
not washing she was filling my glass with my favorite wine. With the treatment,
watching my slut's ass through the shear pantaloons and her touch, my periscope
was up, during the whole bath. Ann only washed it and rubbed it lovingly. 

Just like in the movies she held up a large towel, after stepping into it she
rapped it around me and started drying me off. When I was totally day slave Ann
took me by the hand and led me to the bed. Laying me down she took the warm
scented oil and gave me a full body massage. It was so relaxing, with the late
afternoon sun streaming through the window, my favorite incense burning and my
love's soft hand touching about every inch of my body.

When she was finished my sweet blonde stood up and held my robe open for me.
With my robe again tied around my waist, my slave took my hand and led me to our
modest playroom.

Ann took the leash, that hung by the door, raised it too me cradled in both
hands. Her head bowed and eyes to the floor. Smiling I took it from her and
attached it to her collar. I turned putting the leash over my shoulder, opened
the door.

As we stepped through the door I noticed that the skylight's shade was open. I
looked up at it then looked down and stopped in my tracks. There, in the middle
of the room was big tit sharon! Her back was to the thick wooden pole I had
installed in the center of the room. Her arms were cuffed to a ring, high above
her head. She was dressed in her dancer's outfit, her pantaloons were thicker
than ann's and she wore a spangled bra. Her tits still hung out.

In the bound slave's mouth was gag. Ann whispered that it was a cock gag and she
had a large plug up her ass. "Happy Birthday, Master!" She said, then kissed me
on the cheek. My thoughtful slave had set up most of our equipment, as much as
room would allow.

I put the leash in her mouth and with an exaggerated strut, started out eyeing
each piece of equipment. I would pat it, feeling each item. Glancing from the
equipment to ann and back.

I checked each piece, ann was glancing up I caught her eye several times. I
finally snapped my fingers, when she looked up I pointed to the floor. She
quickly went to her knees. "You may watch, whore!"

Running my hand up from the bound slave's waist, I groped her big tit through
her sequined top. I heard a moan through the gag. My other hand went the other
direction, winding its way down her thigh. I pressed my hand between her legs
feeling her naked cunt, through the shear soft fabric of her pantaloons. As I
pressed my finger home, her moans increased in volume, finding her clit I rubbed
hard, the whore moaned even louder.

Grasping her tit tighter, pressing her cunt harder, I leaned down close to her
ear, "Do you want to dance for me?"

Sharon quickly shook her head up and down. I pressed my body to hers; she felt
my hard dick through my robe. I dry humped the slut's leg. I ordered ann to
remove the slave's gag.

I released the wonderful dancing slave from the post and clipped a leash to her
collar, grabbed my slave's leash and lead them both out to the living room.

By the time we hit the living room I was primed. I released sharon's leash,
dropped ann's and took my place. I picked one of our more straight chairs. I
figured ann would soon be swallowing my cock and this chair allowed better
access.

Ann brought me an envelope. It was a birthday cared from sharon's owner, "Happy
Birthday, you bum! Please use my slut without restrictions. You may return her
in the morning. If she pleased you return her with four fresh crop marks on her
ass. You know how she loves pain. If you do not I will keep her in the
punishment room for two days. Have fun and use and abuse her as you want."

Sharon put on her finger cymbals and knelt in the center of the room. Ann had
cleared as much room as she could. I had ann change my drink to a coke and
waited for her to come back from the kitchen. She knelt and presented me with
the drink then leaned over a kissed my foot. "Master, May I start the music so
slave sharon may entertain you?"

I took my best-bored look and waived my hand. Ann turned and switched on the
tape. The Middle East beat sprang from the speakers. A few bars and sharon
started to move. She swayed gently as she pulled her cheek off the floor and
moved to an erect kneeling. Her arms waved up and down, the "ting ting" of her
cymbals rang in time with the music. Sharon moved in soft waves of flesh. She
elegantly worked her way from her knees to her feet, not loosing the beat or a
one erotic movement.

The tempo of the music picked up; sharon wiggled her big tits in front of me
then twirled twice. Stopping with her back toward me. It was the hip toss and
ass shake that did it for me. I grabbed my slave's hair and pulled her to my
lap. She opened her mouth wide and took me all the way into her throat in the
first gulp.

She started her swaying; I stared at the big titted slut. Ann gave me some of
the best head she had in months. Her lips were sealed around my cock like the
shuttle O rings; her mouth produced a steady suction as she bobbed her head in
my lap. I clinched my fists as my sperm stared to boil up from my balls. My legs
went stiff, then a thought ran through my head. My fucking whore had done so
well she deserved a reward. Grabbing her blonde hair with my left hand, I
clutched my unbelievably hard meat with my right and jerked. I am more an oozier
than a shooter but my cum took off from my pecker hitting the slut square in the
nose. The second blast covered her cheek, then the forehead. I had no control
over myself. Ann moaned so loud that it was almost a cry!

 *Among the plethora of things that turned my slave on, watching a man cum
shared the top of the list. I searched the web for male masturbation videos,
edited and blended them into hours of spurting cum. I would tie the cunt to the
bed and make her watch the tapes, sometime for over an hour at a time. After
that she would fuck anything. I picked up a cop nightstick at a garage sale
once; she begged for permission to fuck herself with it.

To briefly change the subject, on ann's last birthday the club's gift to my
slave was all the jerking off she could watch.

A member's basement playroom was cleared, the rug rolled up the remaining tile
polished, only chairs around the walls with pillows on the floor before each
one. In the middle of the room we placed a weight bench.

After dark I rapped a sheet around my naked slave and lead her to the car.
Blindfolding her I drove her to our friends. There I used the leash to lead her
to the house and stripped her of her sheet outside the back door. She obediently
followed me through the door. Inside the members lined the way to the playroom
door. As ann heeled to the leash the members reached out and groped the naked
birthday girl. She jumped and gasped at the first touch. We all smiled in
silence.

Arriving in the playroom I handed my slut over to the two submissive male
members. The one that had a Mistress was white; the single member was a dark
Hispanic man. Both were buffed and yes had respectable cocks.

Ann stood between the two men, each with a hand on her upper arm, in front of
the bench. She heard the noise of feet shuffling as everyone filed in. The Tops
took a chair; the slaves knelt on the pillows. I took my place in a large chair
facing the foot of the bench. Two slaves stood on each side of me. One was the
statuesque, inga; the other was a shorter heavier, big titted, jodi. Jodi's
Owner was out of town.

Ramona dressed in one of her more exotic leather outfits, stood before my slave
and removed her blindfold. The two slaves sat ann down on the bench.  The legs
were spread and fixed to a cross bar attached to the bottom legs. The upper part
of the bench was raise to a 45-degree angle and her wrists chained to the
vertical bars. This left her cunt open her face raised so she could view the
show.

To finish off ann's bondage, I handed Ramona a rod. She slowly approached my
slut. Inga left my side, she leaned over slut ann and sucked her nipples to
hardness.

Ramona placed each end of the rod over the hard nipples and with a deft hand
screwed the clamps down tight. The rod pulled her tits toward each other.

Ann watched as inga and jodi knelt in front of me. My cock was already getting
hard when each slave touched her lips to opposite sides. I liked the fact that
inga had a dislike for male members. Each slave took a cock in her mouth around
the room.

Ann and I stared into each other's eyes. She saw the pleasure in my eyes as jodi
gobbled my cock and inga danced her tongue over my balls. "Enough!" I said, the
slaves knelt back.

I stood, walking over to ann I straddled her body. She stared at my hard cock. I
took my rod and started slowly jerking it. I was never real comfortable doing
this in front of the group but it was for my slave love.

As I played with my meat I watched her breathing increase, "Like this bitch?'

"Oh yes Sir, yes jerk your cock please!" she said.

I pointed to each side of her; she glanced from side to side. There were the two
slave males, each with a collar, each with a hard on.

"They have been abstaining for over a week, now they have been ordered to jerk
off on you and keep it up until they have no cum left, Happy Birthday Love."

 I watched a shiver flow through her naked body " Ohhhh Thank You, my Lord oh
yeesss!"

I felt my ass cheeks being spread, I looked over my shoulder and saw jodi. She
had crawled between ann's legs and spread my cheeks. I felt her tongue lap at my
open asshole. Ramona smiled, it was her order. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the
slave's attention. She licked from the bottom to the top then used the tip to
circle the sensitive skin around my hole.

I reached down and grabbed the nipple bar. I pulled up hard, stretching her tits
and nipples. Ann gritted her teeth but did not close her eyes; she wanted to
watch every drop of cum flow from my rod.  I came hard, very hard. I pulled
harder on the bar as I came on my properties, face and chest. Mild applause came
from the members.

I stepped away and sat back down. Jodi licked my cock. The two males moved in,
one on each side of ann. They shot their loads almost at the same time. Ann
opened her mouth, her head moved back and forth, trying to catch the slimy
streams of white fluid.

When they were finished they retreated, standing a few feet away. The white
slave's Mistress stood behind both of them, as they continued to play with
themselves she set about using her crop. She alternated between them, being
harder on her slave, "pussy". To my slave's delight, each Master rose and either
straddled her or stood next to her in pairs or threes and had their slaves jerk
there hard cocks until they each ejaculated the white goo.

When Ramona saw that the males were hard again she waited until there was a
break in the line. She ordered them to jerk off on ann again. They both took
pleasure in shooting over the bound slave's stomach. When they pumped their last
drop on the slave Ramona barked for them to return to her. They knelt before the
black clad Mistress each kissed a foot. After a hard swat to each of their
asses, she ordered them to crawl over behind two females. The women were bent
over at the waist, blowing their Masters. Ramona ordered the men to open the
slut's asses and lick their puckered holes. Each whore moaned as the men's
tongues touched their holes.

Ann had cum four or five times by the time the 10th man had blown his wad over
her body. Cum was dripping on the floor after it ran down her face and breasts.
The atmosphere was getting rather festive. Slaves were serving drinks and
snacks. When a Dom was ready he would jerk off on my lover. Tears of pleasure
mixed with the cum on the slut's face.

I knelt between my whore's legs and drove my rod in her open pussy. The male
slaves jerked off on my slave again as I fuck her slow. I wanted several men to
add to the sperm covering her body.

My slut was so fucking wet my back got tired before I was able to blow my wad
deep inside her.

The party went on for a while, the ejaculations slowed down. Every time anyone
would get hard they would use my wife as a cum dump.

The two buffed males looked tired as Ramona made them jack off for the fifth
time. Not much shot out. Ramona made fun of them; "Wimps, limp dicks, can't get
it up" she spat. She placed them in an open area. As they knelt there, pulling
their puds, the mean woman abused them and slapping their backs with the crop.
She even made the reach over and play with each other. After ten minutes with
little action to their dicks, Ramona looked over at me and smiled. She waived to
inga and jodi. Ramona handed each a pair of handcuffs. The cuffed the male's
wrists behind them.

They followed Ramona and the two sluts over to the far wall. Each slut knelt
down and took a cock in her mouth. Sucking and licking they tried to get a rise
out of the expended peckers. Each managed a moderate hard on. Ramona pushed jodi
aside and grabbed pussy's cock. She cruelly squeezed and pulled it. The slave
gritted his teeth. The Mistress fastened a leather strap around the base of his
cock and balls. She did the same with the other cock. Ramona then attached a
thin chain to each strap. The chain ran to a ring in the wall. The Dom, handed
the free end of the chain to each slave and ordered them to pull down on the
chain. Inga had no problem, she just jerked hard, causing pussy to yelp loudly
and rise to his toes and the pain shot through his loins. Jodi was less cruel
with juan. She allowed him to slowly rise to his toes. Ramona noticed how weak
she was and raised the crop as high as she could and let it come down on jodi's
plump ass! The whore yelled and jerked hard on the chain. The man let out the
same yell as jodi.

Ramona ordered the slut to keep the pressure up while she stood behind the men.
She had changed the crop for a thin rattan cane. With a metered rhythm she swung
the cane, alternating between each tight ass.

As the Dominants filtered out to the living room for an evening of satisfied
social conversation, three slavesluts were made to kneel and lick the floor
clean of the dripping cum, one slave slut was place between ann's legs to lick
her cunt and asshole clean.

After a short rest and some fluids, I led ann into the living room. Covered in
drying cum she crawled from Master to Master, kissing their feet, balls or
asses, thanking them for her birthday present.

The next afternoon we had to go to her cousin's for a birthday bar-b-q. Ann was
happy to wear butt plug and ben-wa balls.

Now back to my story. Sorry about the detour.

Sharon danced but started at ann and I. When I was finished spewing my load, ann
sucked me back into her mouth to drain the last drop from my passage. She sucked
the then kissed my still hard cock, "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Sir" she
said between kisses.

Sharon moved closer to us; she smiled when she saw me watching her instead of
ann. She tinged her cymbals as loud as she could to gain ann's attentions.
Finally my slut turned and still on her knees reached up and undid the dancing
cunt's bra. It fell away quickly, freeing her big tits.

As soon as they popped free she turned and shook them seductively at me. Like
ann she had bells hanging from her nipples only they were attached to the large
nipple rings that impaled each large hard nubs. Damn I love pierced nipples! Ann
will have hers done real soon.

The slave danced and danced. Once again she moved near ann. My slave reached up
and undid sharon's pantaloons. They dropped away giving me a great view of her
naked pussy and rings hanging from her labia, each with a bell.

I made her dance naked to the second song. I loved the sweat glissing off her
skin. Some even dripped off her firm tits.






As they say, the next thing I knew, I had sharon on her knees in front of me
with my rigid dick all the way down her throat. Better yet ann was also on her
knees, her hands spreading my cheeks and her mouth buried between them. I love
how she used her tongue on my asshole. She would use the tip to circle the soft
skin around the hole, the take the whole flat of the tongue and run it from
between my legs up over my asshole. I was the meat in the ass licking
cocksucking whore sandwich.

I came three more times that evening. I made sharon strapon fuck my slave in the
ass. I fucked sharon in all her holes. Sharon ate out ann's ass while she fucked
herself with a banana.

We finally all fell asleep in our king-size bed.

In the morning ann served me breakfast while I had sharon kneel with the riding
crop in her mouth. It took little to get sharon to beg to be whipped with the
crop. The punishment room in her Masters house was one of the most painful in
the group.

After she was showered, I had sharon bend over the arm of the couch. Naked ann
stood by while I administered the four welts that sharon's Owner demanded.

I kissed the big titted dancer goodbye. She thanked me and kissed ann.

One hell of a birthday!!!!!

* Pictures available on request!
Thanks to all who have taken the time to write. I answer all letters.
Would really like to trade pictures, but will send some if requested. They are
real not internet downloads.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Traveler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





