BDSM Library - Marion's Rape




Marion's Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story goes straight into it. Out alone, a woman finds herself being taken by a teenage druggie, then waking up too find mans best friend enjoying her.
Marion's Rape

Marion gasped and pressed herself back against the wall as the young lad held a
knife at her throat, 'DDDont hurt me, here's my bag take it, it has my wallet
and credit cards inside' she stuttered dropping her shoulder bag, 'I want more
than your money' he grinned shoving his free hand up between her trembling legs,
'Oh my god noooo' she gasped as he rubbed at the crutch of her sheer nylon
tights, his fingers forcing them and her panties up into her vagina, he pressed
the knife harder against her throat when she went to grab his wrist, 'Just relax
bitch and don't annoy me or I'll slit your throat wide open, now put your hands
up behind your head cunt' he snarled, sobbing Marion did as he said, 'That's a
good little whore now beg me to fuck your old cunt' he sneered stroking her
cheek with the blade, when Marion shook her head he flicked the knife putting an
inch slash on her cheek, Marion began to scream but he quickly covered her
mouth, 'That was to prove that I'm not joking, now beg for it' he whispered
evilly licking the dripping blood from her face, sobbing Marion parted her red
lips, 'Fuck me' she said quietly, 'What, I didn't hear you' he grinned moving
the knife down into her cleavage and flicked it outward causing the front of her
chiffon dress to fall open exposing her black filly bra, 'Please fuck me' Marion
cried out her whole body shaking uncontrollably as the knife moved down between
the bra cups and sliced the thin satin holding them together, 'Fuck those have
seen better days' he laughed prodding her sagging freckled breasts, 'Ow don't,
please don't that hurts' she sobbed, 'Lift them up so I can suck on those
rubbery nipples' he hissed moving the knife up to her left eye, 'Alright,
alright' Marion sobbed cupping both her breasts and offered them up to his
grinning mouth, Marion shut her tear filled eyes and winced as he roughly sucked
and bite on her thick pink nipples, 'Don't just stand there slag tell me how
your enjoying having your udders sucked' he snapped, the knife now pressing
against her crutch, 'Suck my breasts, please suck my breasts' Marion sobbed, 'I
said udders and that's what your going to call them' he snarled, 'suck my
udders, pppleease suck my udders' Marion cried with humiliation as she continued
to hold them up for him. He spent some time abusing her breasts, and even though
Marion wouldn't admit it he had made her cum by forcing her to talk dirty. 'OK
whore its your turn to suck now, on your knees bitch and give me a blow job' he
smiled grabbing a handful of her titian hair and wrapped it around his hand,
forcing her down before him 'Oh god' she snivelled as he made her take his cock
out of his jeans, this was one act she had always hated and had refused to do
since her first boyfriend, at the age of 13, had forced his down her throat and
held it there until she passed out only to come too to find him fucking her
while his mates watched, laughing and jeering as they held their puny cocks
wanking then cumming on her face, 'Please, I cant, I really cant' she pleaded,
'You fucking can and you will slut' he hissed poking her left breast with the
knife, drawing blood, Marion grimaced as she parted her soft red lips and took
him between them, 'Come on you fucking old cow suck' he barked getting angrier
by the second as he tugged at her hair, Marion began to breath through her nose
as a school-friend had advised her after the episode with her first boyfriend,
'Yeah bitch that's it use that tongue' her assailant groaned not realising her
tongue was just trying to stop his cock from raping her throat. It wasn't long
before she was shocked to have his cock explode in her mouth, Marion tried to
pull away as it quickly flooded her mouth and began to seep from her nostrils,
'Swallow it cunt' he moaned yanking her head to him his cock entering her
throat, with disgust and horror Marion realised she had no choice and began to
gulp drawing more of his hot salty fluid from his cock, finally he staggered
back, Marion in turn fell onto her hands and began wretch, this only seemed to
annoy him even more as he used his foot to kick her onto her back, 'Don't
fucking move' he scowled walking around the cowering frightened woman, 'Lift
your dress up' he ordered her, crying but to scared to refuse Marion hitched the
hem of her dress up around her waist, 'Push your tights and knickers down around
your ankles' he smiled, again Marion followed his instructions having to sit up
to do it, she made a big mistake of staying seated upright and hugging her legs
to her chest, suddenly she saw a flash of bright light and felt a sheering pain
shoot through her head as his foot caught her on her chin sending her flying
backwards her head hitting the ground three or four times before she lay dazed
and motionless, she regained consciousness a few moments later to a tirade of
foul language, 'You stupid slag did I say sit up you cunt, no I didn't, when are
you going to learn to obey me you fucking bitch' he yelled his foot catching her
on the thigh, 'I'm sorry' she cried rolling out of the way of his next kick,
'You fucking should be' he yelled grabbing her by her hair and dragging her into
the bushes, Marion's heart beat faster, 'Oh god, please don't kill me, please'
she cried thinking he was going to stab her, 'Kill you, I aint finished with you
yet bitch' he spat, flicking her dress up again with the knife and smiled seeing
her thick bush of golden-red pubic hair, 'OK whore finger yourself and make your
cunt nice and wet for me' he sneered yanking her dress and loose bra down and
off her arms before she moved, 'Yeah that's better' he laughed, taking his cock
in his hand as Marion moved her right hand down between her thighs, 'Open your
fucking legs and give me a good show' he sniggered tugging on his growing lump
of meat, Marion shuffled her legs apart as she rubbed a finger up and down her
pouting fanny lips, slowly parting them as her finger slip between them, 'What a
fucking whore......... what are you' tears streamed from her blue eyes, 'I am a
whore, a fucking whore' she said, 'And what are whores only good for' he grinned
enjoying the look of complete resignation on her face, ' Fucking, that's all
they are good for' she sobbed as he tapped her hand with the knife, 'Come on
slut finger that big fat ginger cunt' he hissed, Marion's hand moved faster as
she watched him drop his jeans and boxers, 'While I fuck your tits you can lick
my arse' he laughed sitting on her face, Marion let out a squeal of disgust,
'Lick me slag and don't stop fingering your slut hole' he growled wrapping her
fleshy breasts around his cock. He soon got bored fucking her tits and watching
her finger dipping into her well lubricated cunt and no matter how much he
threatened her she just didn't lick his arse but sucked at his balls instead.
'Now get up whore' he said ginning as her torn dress fell around her ankles,
'Lets have you bollock naked, take your tights and knickers right off' Marion
had to hold onto a tree as she wriggled her tights and panties off, the sight of
her freckled breasts wobbling as she did so excited him even more, 'keep hold of
that tree and bend over bitch' he ordered her, her breasts swinging even more
the further she bent, he moved behind her and tapped the knife on her wide
buttocks, 'Spread your legs for me' he said his hands groping at her arse
cheeks, 'Oh no, nooo, not my bum, please anything but that' she begged when she
felt his cock jabbing at her little puckered arse hole, 'Shut it whore and
spread your big fat buttocks' he said excited grabbing her wrists and pulled
them behind her, causing her shoulder to fall forward slamming against the tree
trunk, 'Please, please don't, I'll lick your arse anything but this, no one has
ever touched me there pleeeeease' she begged crying in panic and terror as he
made her pull her buttocks apart giving him free access to her upturned arse,
'You move and I'll stick my fucking knife up your dirt box, understand cow'
Marion knew she had no choice but to offer her arse to him if she wanted to see
her daughters again and wished she hadn't gone out alone, suddenly he stuffed
her tights and panties in her mouth tying the legs behind her head gagging her,
'Now you can scream as much as you like' he sniggered and slammed his cock into
her fanny a couple of times for lubrication before he began working it into her
virgin arse, Marion screamed as she felt pain like she had never felt before, it
felt like a red hot poker was being shoved up her anal passage, even the birth
of her first child never felt like this, Marion continued screaming as he drove
his cock deeper and deeper into her waste pipe, laughing at the sight of blood
running down her inner thighs, 'Yeah, what an arse, I'm gonna split you in two
whore' he grunted reaching beneath her and squeezing her swinging breasts,
spreading the pain from her arse, slowly Marion's shoulder slipped down the tree
trunk scrapping the skin from her as she passed out.

Marion came too hours later with a dog fucking her arse and the birds singing in
the tree above her, Oh god, I'm alive' she wept reaching back and patting the
dog as she wriggled her arse back meeting each of its thrusts.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  GoldenGirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





