BDSM Library - Corruption of Snow White




Corruption of Snow White
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jessica Rabbit domination of Snow White is interrupted by Roger Rabbit.
Corruption of Snow White

	Jessica Rabbit, that sultry seductress married to Roger Rabbit, was
having brunch with some other Disney gals. Ariel, the Little Mermaid, was there
with her best friend, Princess Jasmine. Brave Chinese warrior girl Mulan and her
best friend Cinderella was there. Jessica could only guess how Mulan had managed
to teach poor Cinderella to be more confident. Pocahantas and Alice were there
together. It was obvious Alice had been taking Pocahantas to Wonderland. Aurora
and Belle were also there together as well as Megara and Tarzan's Jane. Each
Disney babe had a best friend and lesbian lover. Most of these couple were
monogamous to their perspective heroes and each other. The guys had their
special friends too. You might say that every Disney hero and heroine had a
homosexual lover and a heterosexual lover.

	Snow White, innocent fool that she was, had no idea what went on below
the surface. Jessica Rabbit intended to knock the naivetï¿½ out of her today. She
served white wine spiked with a powerful aphrodisiac. It made each babe's pussy
wetter than the Rio Grande. Snow White didn't know what was happening to her.
She felt the way she sometimes felt while her Prince was fucking her cunt. She
was confused. Each pair of friends quickly excused themselves and left to
satisfy each other. Only poor Snow White remained. Jessica leaned forward,
giving Snow White a good look at her generous cleavage. "What's wrong, poor
little Snow White?" She asked, "Don't you have a special friend to help you
out?" Snow started to sob, "I don't know what's wrong with me, Jessica." Jessica
despised weakness but it was not such a bad thing in a love slave. It made them
more eager to please and more submissive. Snow White's innocence and naivete
excited the highly sexual Jessica Rabbit. It made dominant Jessica want to beat
the weakness out of her. Jessica made a sound of sympathy, "Why don't you come
on over to my place. Roger will be away for a couple of weeks on a new movie."
Snow White gratefully accepted Jessica's offer.

	Jessica led Snow White down to her private dungeon. "I'll need you to
take off your clothes." Jessica said. Snow White was confused but she complied
without question. Jessica looked as sad as she could, "Snow White, I need your
help. I know you're such a sweet girl you'll help me. It's kind of an
embarrassing problem. I need to spank someone. My Roger's been gone so long and
I miss him. I ache to spank a firm little behind. Will you help me?" Snow White
wanted to help anyway she could but she had some bad memories. "Will it hurt too
much?" She asked, "My stepmother used to spank me sometimes and it hurt
awfully." Jessica hid a triumphant smile, "I'll try to be gentle." She sat on  a
stool and invited Snow White into her lap. She raised her hand and slapped Snow
White's ass as hard as she could. She ignored Snow White's cries for her to be
less harsh and spanked the poor girl for ten minutes. Jessica let Snow White
huddle on the floor and cry for a couple of minutes before tying her
spread-eagle to a king-size four poster bed. She laid next to Snow White and
caressed the beautiful princess's big breasts. "Tell me what your stepmother did
to you." She said.

	Snow White began, "Some nights my stepmother, the queen, would come to
my bedroom. She made me take off my clothes. She was the queen, I had to obey
her. Then she could tell me to kneel facing the headboard of my bed. She would
tie my hands to the headboard. Then she would whip my back and fanny with a
leather strap, cursing me for being more beautiful than herself. When she had
spent her anger, I would feel her hands on my cunny. She would stroke it until
it felt strange and sort of damp. Then she would turn my head to the side so I
could see her strap on rubber thing shaped like a man's secret part." Jessica
interrupted, "A man's part is called a dick and what your stepmother used was a
dildo. You will always use these words." With this said, she bit one of Snow
White's nipples then gently sucked on it causing the girl to moan with pleasure.
"Get on with your story, stupid girl." Jessica slapped one of her breasts rather
harshly. Snow White continued, "Then my stepmother would kneel behind me and
insert the dildo into my cunny. She would use me just like a man would. It felt
funny, it hurt but it felt kind of good too. When she grew tired, she would stop
and take it out of me. Then sometimes she would untie my hands from the bed to
retie them behind my back. She would slap my titties hard and complain that they
were bigger than hers and I was only a girl. She'd squeeze them until the pain
made me cry out. She only hurt my titties sometimes though. One night while my
father was away from the castle, she tied me to my bed the same way you have me
tied now."

	Jessica interrupted her briefly to insert a double-headed dildo into her
pussy. Naughty Jessie straddled Snow White and guided the other end of the dildo
into her own pussy. She established a nice slow rhythm, and said, "Continue."
Snow White moaned loudly, "She attached things to my titties that hurt them then
she used the same kind of .....dildo on me as you're using now. She used me
until she fell asleep on top of me. One time a servant girl came into the room
by accident. She removed the end of the dildo from out of her cunny and stood
up. She put it into the servant girl's cunny and made her use me. The girl
groaned and cried out things like, 'God forgive me but it feels good' and 'Fuck
me princess', then she screamed and collapsed on top of me. Stepmother sent her
out of the room and ordered her to report to her bedroom the following night.
That's all, Jessica, I swear." Jessica was too busy fucking Snow White and
herself to reply. The fucking was punctuated by frequent slaps to Snow White's
breasts.

	Roger Rabbit came home early and was excited to see his sexy wife. "Can
I help?" He asked when he found her abusing Snow White. "Certainly, Sweet Pie,
eat her good for me." Jessica replied. Roger was happy to obey his wife. He got
between Snow White's legs and started licking her pussy. Jessica was sitting on
Snow White's face, her hands occupied with the task of pinching and slapping the
girl's breasts. Snow White's tongue was busy with Jessica's cunt. When she
judged Snow White was on the brink of cumming, Jessica ordered Roger Rabbit to
stop. She had him lubricate Snow White's virgin asshole. "Rogie, would you like
to assfuck Snow White for her very first time?" Jessie asked. Roger Rabbit
bounced up and down excitedly, "Please, Jessica, please let me!" Jessica pouted
thoughtfully, "Weelll, if you begged really nicely, I might let you."

	Roger Rabbit got onto his knees, "Jessica, the mistress of my heart,
love of my life, dominatrix of my body, please allow your humble rabbit the
honour of assfucking Snow White." Jessica pretended to consider this for a
moment, "Alright, my rabbit, you may take Snow White's anal virginity." "Oh boy,
oh boy!" Roger Rabbit hurried to insert his huge dick into Snow White's asshole.
"Oh, please, be gentle. It hurts." The girl moaned. Jessica slapped Snow White's
pale pretty face, "You have forgotten your place, my slave. You may not speak
until I give you permission. Maybe this shall remind you." Jessica inserted a
big red ballgag into Snow White's mouth and strapped it on. Snow White was
powerless to stop her, being tied up, but Snow White would not have stopped her
even if she could. She had begun to enjoy her abuse at the hands of Jessica
Rabbit. It was not clear who enjoyed it more, Roger Rabbit assfucking Snow
White, Snow White being roughly assfucked for the first time in her young life,
or Jessica watching her submissive husband fuck her new sex toy.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





