BDSM Library - Plant Love




Plant Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautifull brunette model is ravaged by ancient plant monster.
PLANT LOVE - PART 1

Aria Winters was curious, the pretty 23 year old brunette had been with the
modeling agency for 2 years and had been to several exotic locations for photo
shoots, but this was the first time ever that her assignment was located in a
science laboratory in a local state university. Why in the world would a local
state university require a model?

Tom, her agent and photographer had explained that the university was sourcing
for other sources of revenue (other than state grants) to fund its latest
project and she would be meeting with their Professor in Botany, Dr Zimmerman.
Dr Zimmerman was looking for an advertisement to promote his latest drug which
was a cure for infertility, and they wanted a pretty model to add some zest to
an otherwise very boring advertisement. Apart from the location of the shoot
session, the assignment was also different from the rest of her usual shoots due
to the unusual request of Dr Zimmerman. When Tom asked for the kinds of gowns or
costumes they would need, the old doctor waived his hand dismissively and said
any dress would do, but as they were working in a controlled environment in his
laboratory, both Tom and Aria had to shower before they came, and neither were
allowed to wear any perfume or cologne or make-up.

It was a humid Sunday afternoon and Tom parked the agency car in a deserted
parking lot outside a huge building.  With his muscular arms laden with tripods
and cameras, Tom led the way into the large building. It was mostly deserted
except for afew lab assistants in their small rooms, bent over their
microscopes, lost in a world of their own. 

The Botany laboratory was located on the roof of the building. The elevator
doors opened to reveal a lush green world that was in stark contrast to the
modern artificial air-conditioned passages of the floors below. There were rows
after rows of exotic looking plants and the entire laboratory was a huge
greenhouse with a glass ceiling allowing the hot rays of the sun to radiate
inwards and trapping the heat and moisture, creating a lush, humid, tropical
environment.   

Well, at least insufficient lighting would not be a problem, thought Aria. An
earthy smell greeted their nostrils and the air was hot and humid. Already Aria
could feel her skin becoming moist with perspiration and was glad she had chosen
a body hugging simple black gown with a bare back, leaving her creamy white
shoulders and arms exposed.

Tom called out for the doctor and wad greeted by a voice at the far end of the
lab. Quickly they made their way forward through the tangle of leaves and
trunks, to a small opening. A bespectacled white haired portly man in his mid
fifties greeted them...

Dr Zimmerman:	"Ahhh...glad you could make it on time at 2PM sharp.....you did
take a shower, both of you, and you have no perfumes or artificial scents or
make-up on?"

Tom:		"Don't worry doctor, we are clean, both of us, and all natural,
and as you can see, Aria is a natural brunette beauty, she does not require any
make-up or artificial enhancements to make her breath-takingly beautiful"

Dr Zimmerman:	"Yes I can see that Aria is very beautiful, but you
misunderstand my intentions. This laboratory houses some of the most exotic
plants in the world. Many are endangered species and are very sensitive to the
corrosive elements in artificial dyes and perfumes. I have taken great pains to
give them a perfect habitat. Each plant here is priceless, I cannot lose damage
to even one tendril"

Tom:	"Don't worry doc, Aria and I are professionals and we will be very
careful, so where shall we set-up?"

Dr Zimmerman:	"Right here is fine. You can deposit your equipment over there.
Pls do not use flashes, some of the plants are sensitive to artificial light,
there is plenty of sun-light, that's why I scheduled the shoot for 2PM"

Aria:	"Er..doctor, it is getting very warm, can we have some
air-conditioning..."

Dr Zimmerman:	"God no, all the plants here are from the tropics, I need to
keep the temperature here at an even 33 degrees Celsius. If you want to keep
cool, you can tie-up your long hair in a bun...."

Aria cursed beneath her breath. She could see that Tom's shirt was damp with
sweat from the heat and humidity, and she could feel her dressed sticking to her
damp skin. Beads of perspiration were accumulating on her under-arms, face and
thighs and she wanted to get the session over as quickly as possible.

As the session commenced, Aria noted that Dr Zimmerman was not all that
interested, allowing Tom to lead the way. She went through several poses with
some strange looking plants, a cactus, some flowers (orchids perhaps), even a
small Venus Fly-Trap. By the end of the first hour the rigorous photo shoot,
Aria was bathed in perspiration. Dr Zimmerman noticed and said..."forgive me for
being an inattentive host, I have arranged for ice-lemonade, please take a break
and help yourselves".

Tom and Aria gratefully accepted the tall glasses of ice-lemonade. It tasted 
wonderful, unlike anything they had tasted before.

Tom:			"Hey doc, you have to give me the recipe for this, what
did you put in it, its fantastic!"
      
Tom reached for his 3rd glass in a row....

Dr Zimmerman:		"It has a very rare plant extract which helps to
replenish the body of lost nutrients and fluids, you cannot get it here"

Aria had already finished her first glass and reached for a second glass.

Dr Zimmerman:	"Careful young lady, two glasses is all your body can handle for
one day, it is a very potent brew. Lets start the shoot again, we want to finish
before the sun goes down and we lose our natural light."

Aria stood up, but found that her legs had gone rubbery. She stumbled unsteadily
and fell, she noted that Tom was also feeling the effects, he was able to stand
up, but seemed disoriented. Aria tried to get up again and this time, her legs
simply disobeyed here, slowly she drifted into peaceful slumber, the last thing
she saw was the approving smile of Dr Zimmerman.

As Aria awoke from her slumber, she opened her eyes and realized she was no
longer in the greenhouse. She tried to get-up and realized her arms were tied
above her in shackles and she was stretched out on a medical examination table
in a room filled with plants. Her legs were also placed in stirrups and secured
in leather braces. A wave of panic engulfed her and she cried out for Tom...this
alerted Zimmerman who entered the room..

Dr Zimmerman	: Don't worry about Tom, he is well taken care off, I just need
you for some extended sessions, all in the good name of science."

Aria		: "This is a violation of agency policies, please let me
go..........."

Dr Zimmerman	: "I will let you go, but not before you meet Locutus, my pet
from the darkest region of Africa, you will find him most interesting I assure
you".

Aria		: "I don't wanna meet your fucking pet, let me go or I will
scream..."

Dr Zimmerman:	"Scream all you want, we are in a sound-proof room, but I assure
you that this will be a most pleasurable experience for you. You were here not
by any act of chance, I wanted a perfect physical specimen for my pet, only the
best, and you fit the profile...."

Aria		: "What do you mean.......?"

Dr Zimmerman smiled and pulled a lever on the wall. A large recess opened in the
ceiling above and a platform descended  slowly. As it reached her level Aria saw
that a huge plant with many tendrils sat on the platform. It was twice the size
of a full-grown man measuring at least 2 meters in height.

Dr Zimmerman:	"This is Locutus...and he will be very pleased to meet you..."

What a lunatic, thought Aria, well if he wants me to meet his plant, I can do so
and get out of here....

Dr Zimmerman touched another panel and the platform moved towards Aria,
positioning Locutus between Aria's spread and shackled legs.

Dr Zimmerman:	"She is all you're my pet, enjoy....."

But Locutus set there, between Aria's legs, silent and inert, not a tendril
moved. As the seconds ticked by Dr Zimmerman grew more anxious.....

Dr Zimmerman: "Whats wrong my pet, she is suitable, long lithe limbs, supple
young body, only 23 years old from her agency records, of pure blood.....ahh the
room temperature, we increase it from 32 to 36 degrees, that will help..."

Aria could feel the room increase in humidity and was conscious as her black
gown was sticking to her damp body. But still nothing happened as Locutus lay
dormant. Suddenly, Zimmerman snapped his fingers, we need a catalyst to trigger
Locutus's olfactory glands....

He approached Aria again with a scalpel and quickly cut the straps of Aria's
dress, peeling the damp material from her body. A look of lust overcame his face
as he stared down at Aria's snow white supple body, quickly he removed her white
lacy bra and panties. Aria lay helpless, totally naked now and shackled in a
spread eagled position on the examination table.

Zimmerman mounted the huge table sitting on top of Aria, his eyes glazed with
lust. "Ohhh so perfect, so fine you are, if only I was 20 years younger, alas
you are not mine to take for now, but I can still provide the catalyst Locutus
needs...."

He started kissing her under arms, moving slowly down to her damp arm-pits and
hovered there, savouring her natural musky scent. Slowly his bearded mouth moved
further down her side, seeking her right nipple, finding it and covering it,
sucking wetly on it. Aria shuddered as the bristles of his beard pricked her
sensitive skin. She could feel Zimmerman's tongue as it lashed out on her
nipple. With his free hand, Zimmerman caressed her left breast gently, teasingly
twitching her left nipple between his fingers. He smiled in satisfaction as he
saw Aria's nipples achieving partial erection.

Suddenly Zimmerman's hands were gone and Aria felt his moving down her body
between her legs. She jerked as she felt his moist lips kissing her sensitive
right inner thigh, leaving a slick trail of saliva as he moved slowly towards
the sweet spot between her legs. A finger moved through her small fine mound of
pubic hair, locating the fine pink passage, it gently moved up and down the
sensitive lips of her clit, teasing her in light caresses, slowly exploring her
folds.

Aria felt a flush slowly enveloping her body. She gasped as Zimmerman's finger
found her clitoris. The small nub was not erect yet and Zimmmerman moved his
fingers in gentle circles over it, as he took her left nipple between his mouth.
Sucking gently, his tongue was relentless as he teased first the right nipple,
then the left one, to full erection. After 10 minutes, Zimmerman slowly inserted
a finger into her vagina and was pleased to find it coated with Aria's juices.
He bought the slick finger to his nostrils, savouring the musky natural scent,
and then proceeded to rub Locutus's tendrils.

Each tendril of Locutus was covered with very fine hair, and to Aria's amazement
she saw a single tendril twitch as it made contact with Zimmerman's wet fingers.
The tiny hairs on the tendril stood-up, sensing the pheromones in her natural
scent. Each fine hair was a olfactory receptor sending feedback impulses to
Locutus's small primitive brain, awakening its dormant reproductive organs.

Aria tried to will her body to stop, but Zimmerman's mouth and hands were
relentless. She gasped again as his mouth located the now engorged nub of her
clitoris, gently teasing it with the tip of his wet tongue and bringing it to an
unwilling state of arousal. Again and again Zimmerman lashed at her clitoris,
and inspite of herself, Aria could feel her body sub-coming to the sweet
ticklish torment.  She shook her head in despair as she saw that more of Locutus
tendrils were now twitching, triggered by the scent of her vagina fluids and her
now active female sex pheromones.

Dr Zimmerman smiled..... "Ahhh, Locutus has detected your natural scent and
odour, that's why it was important for you not to wear any artificial
fragrances, no perfume can match the potency of your natural sex pheromones my
dear...."

A tendril snaked its way slowly up her soft delicate left inner thigh, slowly
exploring and seeking out the source of the pheromones. The hairy olfactory
receptors on it sensed the warm moist passage ahead and moved directly towards
it Dr Zimmerman smiled in triumph as he saw he had triggered the desired
catalyst. Quickly he vacated the spot between Aria's legs giving the wondering
tendril immediate access to the moist warm orifice.

As the invading tendril disappeared from her vantage, Aria could feel its tip
gently tickling her moist vagina with its fine hairs. She flinched involuntarily
as the fine tip made gentle contact with her engorged clitoris, and started to
tickle the sensitive nub. The sensations it evoked were far more potent then any
human tongue could achieve. Darting forward, the tendril wrapped itself around
her clitoris. Thousands of small fine hairs made contact with the engorged
clitoris, caressing it in a tingling embrace, triggering an immediate almost
unbearable urgent need from deep within Aria.

Aria inhaled sharply as a shudder ran through her body. A warm moistness invaded
Aria's her vagina. The sensitive olfactory hairs immediately detected her
increased state of arousal and fed the information back to Locutus. Slowly the
dormant giant rose from its slumber as the electrical impulses awoken the rest
of the wondering tendrils. To Aria's horror, the plant became a writhing mass of
snaking tendrils.

Dr Zimmerman noted this and comforted her, "my dear, Locutus is the perfect
lover, you will never find a more gentle male admirer. Fore play for a plant can
last afew hours and you will  never experience a similar delight from any human
lover. Oh yes, have to make sure this is taped" He walked over to the panel
touched afew buttons....."its all in the name of science, the first
inter-species cross pollination caught on tape..."

Goose bumps broke out on Aria's sensitive skin as she felt the feathery touch of
more tendrils moving up her body. Another potent source of Pheromones was Aria's
sensitive armpits which were damp with perspiration. With her arms tied behind
her, and bathed in perspiration now, other tendrils were slowly writhing up her
body towards her exposed , moist underarms. Slowly they covered her writhing
body in an intricate net-like pattern across her stomach and breasts. Aria
jerked as several tendrils located her nipples, gently teasing them. The
thousands of hairs on each tendril repeatedly surrounded both sensitive nipples,
bringing them to a state of full erection.

More tendrils explored her sensitive underarms, adding to the ticklish
unbearable torture. Aria's body writhe and twisted to escape the sweet torture,
but the tendrils were every where at once, invading her nostrils, her mouth and
her ears. Always gentle, they were never rough as they traced delicate circles
over her supple responsive body. She shuddered again as another tendril snaked
into her moist receptive vagina, intensifying the urgent need there already
aroused by the tendrils caressing her clitoris. Several more entered the warm
confines and one found the pleasure spot in her anus.

The tendrils were everywhere at once, stirring Aria's unwilling and
uncooperative body to an unwilling state of unbearable arousal. Their combined
effect on Aria was both intense and immediate. She cried..."Oh MY
GOD...NOOOOOO!!" Unaccustomed to the avalanche of delicious sensations, an
intense wave seized her vagina, moving quickly to engulf the rest of her body.
Fists clenched, Aria arched her back as the intense orgasm seized her, thrusting
her erect nipples upwards. She could never have imagined that the fine tendrils
could induce such an intense earth moving orgasm simply by gently stimulating
her clitoris, and it was by far the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced
(or suffered in this case). 

As the intense wave of pleasure subsided, Dr Zimmerman's voice carried from
behind the panel....."Ahhh Locutus is becoming more aroused. Your orgasm has
triggered a massive discharge of your pheromones by the scent glands all over
your body. Your increased pheromone levels will induce release of its own plant
pheromones soon. The effects are very intoxicating for a human, I have to wear a
mask for my own sanity."

 Aria pleaded....."please, make it stop, I cant go on, am too tired...."

Dr Zimmerman smiled;  "Locutus is just getting started. Usually after an orgasm
the human body returns to a state of rest, but in the world of the plant, there
is no rest and the cross-pollination process will take several hours, providing
the human subject survives..... Locutus will overcome you with pleasure and the
irony is that it does so at a purely instinctive level."

"The general theory is that there is a negative correlation between the
evolutionary ladder of the species and the potency of its sex pheromones. The
rational behind this is that more highly evolved and sentient species have more
complex social biological mating rituals and are less dependent on an
instinctive level on sex pheromones."

"This explains the intense potency of Locutus's sex pheromones. On the
evolutionary index, its species is ancient and predates the dinosaurs more then
75 million years ago. In those primordial times, it was considered a
"sophisticated life-form" but by today's standards it is ancient. Having a very
small, almost non-existent brain, it's primitive sexual responses are 100%
instinctive and it is totally dependent on its sex pheromones to ensure the
future survival of its species. And the sex pheromones worked, they were so
potent that its species thrived for over 70 million years before becoming
extinct."

"In my many archeological expeditions I was only able to come across a single
seedling which I revived, nurtured and grew. Of cause I have had to make some
genetic medications to its genetic matrix (and reproductive organs) to bridge
the 75 million year gulf that separates its species from modern day homosapiens,
and you will be the first to see and experience these..er modifications."

Suddenly Aria could smell a fine, sickly sweet pollen discharge from the
tendrils invading her nostrils. Her dormant body was recharged by bolts of
electricity. The fine olfactory hairs on each tendril were discharging plant
pheromones awakening a fresh wave of arousal throughout her body.

A mild dewy discharge was deposited by the tendrils on her relaxed clitoris. As
the sticky fluid made contact with the sensitive nub of the clitoris, Aria
moaned, still weak from her first intense clitoral orgasm, she felt an intense
explosion on the sensitive nub as it was consumed by intense liquid fire,
immediately bringing it to full arousal again barely a minute after the first
intense orgasm. As the gentle tendrils continued their ticklish sweet torment on
her sensitive clitoris, relentlessly teasing it to a new state of sexual frenzy,
Aria could almost feel her clitoris physically trembling, in eager anticipation
of the sweet release that it was denied.

The aphrodisiac qualities of the plant pheromones overcame her senses, and she
recognized again a familiar warm urgent need building between her legs. With the
first orgasm past her, the second one would be longer and stronger, intensified
now by Locutus's own special potent cocktail of sex pheromones. As the sticky
fluid made contact with her sensitive erect nipples, Aria felt a shocking
sensation explode from her nipples, traveling quickly to the rest of her body
and joining with the liquid fire that was fast consuming her loins.

The tendrils continued their amorous embrace of her entire body, hundreds of
tendrils with thousands of fine hairs were weaving an intricate network all over
her body, gently coaxing her fevered body to a higher state of arousal. Her
entire body now felt sticky from a mixture of her own heavy perspiration and the
liberal discharge of the plant pheromones.

She took a deep breath and choked as she inhaled a lungful of the sticky
pheromones discharged from the tendrils in her nostrils. The effect was both
intense and immediate as the intoxicating fluid stimulated her sexual brain
functions, heightening her senses so that every teasing tickle of each tendril
on her body was magnified ten fold.

Locutus was far from over as it gently inserted 3-4 tendrils deep into her warm
moist vagina, and another 2 into her anus. The tendrils were so fine Aria hardly
felt them, but as each hair secreted its fine sticky fluid of pheromone into her
vagina Aria could feel the sticky fluid coating the warm moist walls of her
vagina, mixing with the liberal discharge of her own vagina fluids.

In this warm, moist environment each olfactory hair detected the female
pheromones (copulins), present Aria's vaginal secretions, triggering them to
deposit even more of the liquid aphrodisiac. As the clear fluid was quickly
absorbed by the porous sensitive walls of her vagina, Aria felt an incredible
force grip her vagina. She inhaled sharply and her body went rigid, the pressure
was so intense, finally sweeping her over the edge as her vagina contracted
violently.

This time the second orgasm was more intense. Aria's entire body convulsed in
violent spasms and her face registered a mixture of intense pleasure and
confusion. But unlike the first orgasm, there was no blissful release at the end
of the first wave of pleasure, as it was replaced by a second wave of higher
magnitude and intensity. So intense was the pressure on her vagina that Aria
thought her pussy would turn itself inside out. Trapped in a sexual frenzy now,
Aria's body was forced into an endless vortex of multiple orgasms.

Doctor Zimmerman angled the recording camera for a close-up on Aria's convulsing
pussy, eager to record the multiple orgasms. He stared in amazement at the
screen as the delicate moist pink  lips of Aria's vagina closed and opened
spasmodically on their own like the lips of a gold fish starved of oxygen. It
was difficult to focus the camera as Aria's back arched again and her whole body
lifted from the table. A clear fluid squirted from her convulsing vagina again
and again.

Dr Zimmerman smiled at the obvious results; "You see, Locutus is the last of its
kind, I need a suitable mate to ensure continuity of its species. Of cause there
is none as he is the sole survivor, so I have made modifications to Locutus's
genetic matrix to allow for cross-breeding with a suitable human host. Even then
the process is a delicate one as the human host must come from a superior and
perfect genetic pool with no flaws. Not many humans meet these standards, the
last few attempts met with very...er.....disappointing results. You are the only
subject that has survived, mentally and physically intact, this far."

"At least give me a sedative.....I cant take any more of this..Ohhhh" Aria
gasped, before she was caught in the throes of another violent orgasm.

Dr Zimmerman; "Sorry I cant do that, for the cross pollination process to be
concluded successfully, the subject must be fully conscious. That's also the
purpose of Locutus's sex Pheromones, it not only is a natural aphrodisiac but
also neutralizes the fail-safe mechanism in your mental faculties, disabling
your brain of its final recourse to shut down your senses and lapse into a state
of unconsciousness. You will be fully awake and conscious for the entire
duration of the mating ritual in order for your body to receive Locutus's seeds" 

Totally unaccustomed to such intense sensations, Aria's body activated its fail
safe mechanism and tried to shut down its senses by allowing her to drift into
blissful unconsciousness. But the Pheromones of Locutus had invaded her higher
brain functions and disabled the body's last defence, depriving it of the OFF
switch. It was also the reason why the last 5 test subjects of Dr Zimmerman
finally went insane in the throes of the intense sexual pleasure. Two had
finally died of shock while the remaining three were vegetables.

Dr Zimmerman continued; "This is a momentous occasion for science as it's the
first inter-species mating that will cross the mother nature's genetic barrier,
of cause we are uncertain if any human body can survive the mating ritual as the
human body was never designed or equipped for this kind of sexual conception,
but I have made several modifications to Locutus's genetic genome to increase
the chances of success, for example I have refined his reproductive organs and
equipped him with the human equivalent of a phallus....which you will soon see."

Dr Zimmerman had dismissed his earlier failures as the result of inferior stock.
The girls were older and the genetic pool was not pure. He was very careful in
selecting Aria, noting that the theory of evolution had endowed her with natural
good looks, clear skin, long lithe supple limbs and she was young, just 23 years
old. She should survive the mating ritual to bare Locutus's offspings.

Dr Zimmerman's theory appeared to be confirmed as Aria's fevered body had not
gone into shock yet. Locutus also appeared to sense that Aria's defenses were
all down now as she was helplessly caught in an endless spiral of intoxicating
multiple orgasms. Slowly an immense black phallus sprung from the center of
Locutus. Measuring 19 inches across, it throbbed obscenely as it extended slowly
towards Aria's still convulsing vagina.

Intoxicated with pleasure, Aria was barely conscious and only vaguely aware as
the tip of the phallus made contact with the opening of her vagina. Slowly it
spread and penetrated the delicate pink moist petal-like lips, slipping deeper
into the warm wet interior. Aria's vagina were still in the throes of the
convulsions and each time the petal like lips opened, Locutus pushed another
painful inch of the phallus into her, aided in the process as the lips closed
convulsively around the phallus drawing it further in.

With  three quarters of the immense phallus inside her,  in her drunken state of
sexual euphoria Aria realized the walls of her vagina were stretched to their
limit. Each convulsion of her vagina was now accompanied by a mixture of intense
pleasure and ripping pain as her vagina accepted inch after painful inch of the
phallus. In her intoxicated state, the pain only brought Aria to a higher state
of arousal as her body desperately longed for the final blissful release, like a
man starved of oxygen.

At long last the entire massive organ was completely buried in Aria's vagina.
Sensitive nerves on the huge Phallus detected the warm wet embrace of her vagina
along the entire length of the phallus and sent the electrical impulses back to
Locutus's primitive small brain, triggering another instinctive sexual response.
Once gentle tendrils that caressed her thighs now hardened into vice like grips
that anchored her in place as Locutus began pumping the huge phallus in and out
of the small tortured orifice. Aria moaned, the mixture of pain and  pleasure
was intoxicating, each thrust sent the immense phallus deep into her, ripping
the walls of her vagina and stretching them beyond their limit. Again and again
the phallus pounded into Aria, shaking her like a broken rag doll. Her body
shook from the combined force of the impact as well as the racking waves
pleasure that were engulfing it, but she was hardly aware of this in her
delirious state.

The pounding increased in tempo and intensity until at long last, the immense
phallus ejaculated 5 soft gel like globs the size of a golf ball into her. Each
glob was soft and translucent filled with clear fluid containing millions of
pollen grains, With the act completed the phallus and tendrils slowly withdrew
completely, uncovering Aria's sweat slick body, leaving Aria's convulsing vagina
to complete the final task.

Dr Zimmerman stood-up excitedly, this was the crucial moment he was waiting for.
The process of conception on the part of the female host could only be concluded
successfully when Locutus had deposited its sexual payloads in its human host
that was fully conscious and in a intense state of prolonged multiple orgasms.
The soft gel like globs were designed to be crushed by  rthymatically
contracting vagina walls, releasing millions of fertile plant semen into the
human host. The process would fail if the human host lapsed into unconsciousness
and her body returned to a dormant state, terminating the orgasm prematurely.

In all the 5 previous attempts, the subjects had suffered massive sensory
overloads as their senses were overwhelmed by the intense and prolonged state of
arousal induced by Locutus. Deprived by the Pheromones of the fail-safe
mechanism they had suffered massive neural shock from the massive sensory
overload and the ritual was terminated prematurely, well before Locutus had a
chance to deposit his seeds.  Aria was the only superior subject (and also the
most perfect biologically and genetically) to have survived to this stage. It
was also no coincidence that she was also the most physically attractive of all
the subjects.

Aria was all too aware that she had to bring her intense orgasm to an end before
the goblets had a chance to release their sperm semen. She shut her eyes and
tried to block out the waves of pleasure that were gripping her body. But
Locutus was prepared for every contingency, each goblet was coated with a fine
layer of lubricant which stimulated Aria's vagina walls to an even higher state
of arousal, chemically inducing quick bursts of electric shocks forcing Aria's
feverish body into a higher sexual frenzy. The electric shocks jolted her vagina
into yet another quick intense and violent series of orgasmic seizures.

Aria cried out hopelessly as her body painfully stiffened, and surrendered to
the final stages of the climax, totally consumed, the orgasmic waves painfully
racked her. Her eyes rolled back and her body contorted in violent convulsions,
jerking spasmodically, unable to stem the immense tide. Her vagina walls
contracted strongly around the 5 goblets, gripping them in a vice like embrace,
and finally bursting all of them. Once each goblet ruptured, Aria's vagina was
filled to the brim with plant semen. Excess semen was ejaculated wetly from her
still convulsing vagina and ran freely down her thighs.

With their task completed, the tendrils withdrew along with the phallus,
allowing Aria to finally slip into blissful oblivion as her body finally shut
down after a last stomach wrenching, gut twisting orgasm. 

Dr Zimmerman watched his beautiful sleeping patient. Even in her current
disheveled state, Aria was a picture of elegance and beauty and he longed to
have her for himself. But he would have to wait in the name of science. It would
be another two weeks before the seedlings within Aria hatch and mature. The
dials on all the sensors monitoring Aria's vital senses had returned to normal
and she was breathing normally. The entire ritual had lasted 3 hours and he made
immediate preparations to have his sleeping beauty moved to a more secure
laboratory for the final stages which would see the creation and birth of a new
hybrid species. The results would be most interesting.
       -THE END OF PART 1-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mellanie Hewlitt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





