BDSM Library - The Agreement




The Agreement
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautiful young lawyer negotiates a terrible agreement with her bosses when she is caught pilfering funds.
The Agreement

Allison Greene reluctantly got out of the fragrant bubble bath she had been
luxuriating in for the past 45 minutes.  Earlier this Sunday morning, the pretty
23 year old final year law student had been abruptly summoned to the office by
her senior partner at the law firm in which she was undergoing her final year
law pupilage. Having to put on a formal suite on a Sunday seemed unusual, but
she more or less guessed the subject matter of this sudden meeting related to
her "adventurous" use of the firm's petty cash, and she thought it best to dress
appropriately for the forthcoming inquisition.

In fact the funds had been applied towards settlement of her final year
university fees. Things had been difficult financially and emotionally when her
father had been retrenched and forced into early retirement. Allison suddenly
found herself having to make ends meet on her own two feet in her final year.
The pay at her part-time modeling job was good, but it was not regular income as
she was not able to take on many of Swimwear Illustrated's "Away" assignments
due to her studies and current workload. And it was not enough to pay for rent,
university fees, club fees and a Yuppie lifestyle she had grown accustomed to
whilst living in a big city. She did not like waiting tables (the hourly rates
sucked), and was considering "escort" services as a last option, until she found
excess to the firm's petty cash.

Allison stopped by the full length mirror to give herself a final appraisal,
taking pride in her slender lithe figure, long black hair, creamy smooth
complexion and small firm breasts. No make-up was necessary, she was a natural
"head turner" and was confident of her natural good looks which she knew had
caught the eye of John Bradley (the Senior Partner), who was just one of the
many secret admirers she accumulated. She decided against wearing any
undergarment beneath her suite (she needed all of her feminine charms to get her
out of this awkward situation), choosing a short black mini skirt to accompany
her body hugging white blouse.

As she arrived at the deserted office of Bradley, Forster & Morrison, the office
clock showed 3.05PM, she was 5 minutes late and the door of John Bradley's room
was ajar. She knocked timidly at the door and was surprised to find not one, but
all three partners present as she entered the room. All 3 partners were
scrutinizing a recent Swimwear Illustrated magazine displayed on John Bradley's
table. The center spread showed Allison in a G-string bikini. Allison suddenly
felt a wave of panic as she had not been prepared to face-off all 3 of the
firm's senior partner at once. Her strategy to manipulate John Bradley with her
feminine charms were now dashed..

The 3 partners greeted her with reserved composure, and John Bradley motioned
for her take a seat on a vacant chair directly facing the partners.

John Bradley:	"Allison, until recently your conduct in this firm has been
exemplary. There are two issues that need to be addressed today in private, that
is why we thought it best to have a private meeting with you on Sunday, in the
absence of other lawyers.".

Sam Forster:	"The most immediate issue is the reputation risk your er
modeling activities have exposed the firm."

Allison interrupted:	"That is a reputed Swimwear magazine, not Playboy or
penthouse, I fail to see the relevance here."

Blake Morrison:	"That's not quite true, this is a conservative law firm, we have
many wealthy clients in high society who may think twice before engaging a law
firm with such a flamboyant employee. But the other more serious issue is your
pilfering of some USD20,000/- of the firm's petty cash....what do you have to
say young lady?"

Allison knew she was in a checkmate situation. The outcome might have been
different in a one to one encounter with John, but up against Sam and Blake, her
position was hopeless. Desperately she availed herself of her final weapon, to
play on their sympathy by having an emotional breakdown.

Allison sobbed:	"Things have been so difficult since Dad was retrenched, I had
one more year of law school to go, I tried but just could not make ends meet,
even when I tried moonlighting. The money was supposed to be a temporary
bridging loan until I get other sources to finance my final year uni fees. I
would have paid every cent of it back, honestly."

John:	"Silly girl, you could have approached any of us about this matter, a
solution could have been found."

Sam:	"Yes, that would have been a preferable outcome, as it stands the
question now is whether to log this officially and file a police report."

Allison was panic stricken, she had worked hard to get where she was and did not
want to be struck of the bar on this account.

Allison:	"Please don't do that, I will do anything, anything at all
please."

All 3 partners sat in quiet contemplation as they considered the situation.
Allison could feel their eyes on her and she broke out in cold sweat. Finally
after a conspirational nod from Sam, John broke the silence...

John:			"Well,  exactly how far are you willing to go in the
interest of saving your otherwise promising law career?"

Uncertainly Allison asked:	"Excuse me, what do you mean sir?"

John	"Well you are a young lady of considerable charm, we have all note that,
as is evident from Swimwear Illustrated. How far are you willing to avail us of
your natural talents?"

As the final import of the situation dawned on Allison, she realized she had
limited options. She carefully weighed her playing cards, the last thing she
wanted was to be held as a sex slave indefinitely for the partners.

Allison		"I would agree to a one time-one hour session, right here and
now, in return for a signed confirmation letter from all 3 of you
acknowledging grant of a USD20,000/- scholarship sponsor for me."

It was a long shot and she waited tensely as all 3 partners bowed their head in
consideration. Finally John replied;

John:	"You are a very beautiful young lady, but USD20,000/- is a lot of money,
and how will you cater to all three of us in just one hour. The final deal is as
follows, and this is not subject to further negotiation, we will agree to grant
of a USD20,000 loan to you, to be repaid in agreed monthly installments, in kind
consideration that you will fully satisfy each of us on a one time basis."

Allison	"Agreed, but you did not specify when the "act" will occur or whether it
will be joint/several. I would interpret your contact to take immediate effect
here and now, on a joint basis. That means all three of you naughty boys at one,
here and now."

A look of uncertainty appeared on the cases of the partners as they considered
the final proposal. Allison knew they were all looking at her. She got of her
seat and sat squarely on the big table facing all 3 of them, and crossed and
un-crossed her long slender legs, consciously revealing a slight teasing glimpse
of the hidden pleasure that lay between her legs.

Allison	"Why wait when you can have all of me right here and now?"

She casually fingered her right nipple through her tight blouse and gave a shake
of her lustrous black hair....

Allison	"Its so warm today, and I feel so wet...."

Already she noted obvious bulges in the pants of John, unable to contain
himself, he came forward and knelt between her legs. She uncrossed her legs
giving him ample excess. He let his hands gently trail along her inner knees and
thighs, savoring the feel of the soft supple creamy skin beneath his fingers.
Slowly he found he vagina and Allison sank deeper into the chair to give him
access.

In the mean time, Sam also got in on the action as he approached Allison and
roughly grabbed a right breast, massaging the flesh and pinching the tit. John
somehow unhooked Allison's mini and stood back to admire the slender waist and
the small pink opening that was surrounded by a fine small felt of soft pubic
hair. He pushed her onto her back of the table, carelessly sweeping aside all
the documents, and stared hungrily between her open legs. Starting at her feet,
he slowly covered her inner ankle with warm feathery wet kisses, working slowly
up her leg.

"Might as well get a piece of the dessert" muttered Blake as he approached
Allison's left side and started unbuttoning her blouse. Abruptly he whipped the
blouse above her head, anchoring both her arms overhead and tying her hands
together in the knotted blouse. Angrily he sneered....

Blake:	"So the little bitch thinks she can control the situation and have this
work out as she planned, Well we are the partners and we steer
	the course of this session."

 Allison broke into cold sweat as she realized her vulnerable position, with
arms locked overhead and surrounded by 3 men, she was now re-considering her
previous options. Things were not going as plan...."No not like that..." she
started, but got no further as Blake hungrily suck her left breast. Sam roughly
grabbed her right breast painfully before lowering his mouth to it and noisily
sucking on her right nipple.

The simultaneous assault on her body was having some undesired effects on
Allison as she felt an urgent need building within her, waiting for release.
John was slowly working his way up her leg with his mouth and tongue, leaving a
trail of sticky saliva, as he slowly approached her small pink and sensitive
vagina. "No not there.." she muttered but got no further as John hungrily buried
his nose, mouth and tongue between her legs. Again and again he lapped at the
increasingly moist folds. Allison could feel the warm wetness spreading between
her legs, growing stronger and more urgent as it slowly but surely engulfed the
rest of her unwilling body.

Blake had moved from her nipple and was curiously exploring every nook and
cranny of her upper torso with his mouth, nostrils, fingers. Both his hands
roamed over her body and it seemed like he was attempting to cover her breasts,
stomach, arms and sides in his saliva. Allison shuddered, a wave of revulsion
washed through her as she felt rather then saw the wet sticky trail his mouth
left all over her. Her body was fast becoming damp with her own perspiration and
she found herself suddenly breathless and lightheaded.

Sam had moved from her breast, down her side towards her legs, and then back-up
again as his nose and mouth seeked out the ticklish and sensitive crevice of her
armpits. He left a trail of ticklish teasing kisses on this already damp area
that caused Allison to twitch in silent protest, but that was all she could
manage with both arms tied and raised above her head.

Suddenly, Johns' probing tongue finally found the stimulated hard nub of her
clitoris. Allison jerked violently, her back almost leaving the table as he
flicked the tip of his tongue over the tender hard nub again and again. The
sweet torment was unbearable and he persisted mercilessly, over and over again
his tongue lashed at her aroused clitoris and he suddenly took the whole nub in
his mouth and sucked hard......"NOOOOoooo, oh my god" Allison cried as John's
sucking mouth triggered an intense orgasm. Her back arched of the table and with
clenched fist she rode the first crest as the damm burst flooding her with wave
after wave of intoxicating warmth.

As she drifted back to earth, John looked at her and said, "well Allison you do
realize that not even one of earth have even begun yet". In shock disbelieve,
Allison's eyes widened as she took hold of the immense organ that unleashed
itself from John's pants. It was standing fully erect like some obscene filthy
alien from another planet, throbbing slowly and capped with a clear drop of
semen. She shock her head in protest..."No, not after this, I am too tired and
cannot continue"

John was amused and said.."But Allison, this was what you wanted in the
contract, all 3 of us, here and now, in one sitting, well like it or not you
have to deliver the goods...". He ignored he whimpering protests as he fed the
huge organ, inch by painful inch into Allison's highly sensitive and small
vagina. Allison moaned as the stinging walls of her vagina stretched to
accommodate John's member. It did not seem even possible for just the head of
the penis to enter the small opening, let alone the rest of the organ, but
Allison's pussy was already well lubricated from her first orgasm. After what
seemed like an eternity, John grunted in satisfaction as he looked down and
confirmed that all of the enormous organ had disappeared completely between
Allison's legs. He adjusted himself comfortably and took his time as he savored
the warm, wet and tight embraced offered by Allison's unwilling cunt to his
invading organ.

Tears of pain and shame trickled down Allison's cheeks as she endured more agony
when a sharp pain ripped through her right breast as Sam savagely bit down on
the already sore and erect nipple. Sam eagerly lapped up the small rivulets of
red blood running down the side of her breast from her nipple, living her breast
caked in a mixture of sweat, blood and saliva.

Allison's pained expression only served to excite Blake as he returned to her
left breast and followed Sam's example, biting brutally onto her left nipple.
However, he did not unclench his teeth on the tormented nipple and ground it
gently between his teeth, evoking an ear shattering scream of pain from Allison
as her body convulsed in pain. Almost instantly, in addition to the salty
fragrant taste of Allsion's perspiration, Blake's mouth was filled with the
coppery taste of blood. He unclenched his teeth and released the abused nipple
but clamped his mouth and tongue over the small hemorrhage inflicted on
Allison's nipple.

Allison's pain filled head rolled from side to side on the table. She was fast
regretting the terms of the deal she had struck with the 3 perverts. From the
corner of her tear streaked eyes she spotted the wall mounted clock which showed
4.20PM, "Its well past the agreed one hour period, I have fulfilled the
contract, let me go" She tried to get up but was held firmly on the table by all
3 men.

With his huge penis still firmly embedded inside her, John said "No my dear,
that was what you proposed, what was agreed was that all 3 of us would be
"satisfied" in one session, regardless of how long it took. You see my dear,
THERE IS NO TIME LIMIT STIPULATED IN OUR VERBAL AGREEMENT." A look of utter
dismay swept across Allison's face as she quickly replayed the negotiated terms,
and confirmed the accuracy of John's words. She had been a fool to think that
she could out maneuver her bosses on the negotiation table, they were just way
too experienced and now she was paying the ultimate price.

Her thoughts were painfully interrupted as John withdrew his huge organ and then
suddenly rammed the beast in fully, to the hilt, between her legs. Allison
almost felt a searing ripping sensation as the walls of her small vagina were
stretched beyond their limits. Again and again he pounded her mercilessly. The
seconds stretched to minutes, and the minutes to hours......she could feel her
back against the office table slippery with her perspiration. Her vagina was
tormented further as Sam applied his index finger directly on the nub of her
distended clitoris, pinching the small sensitive organ between his fingers.

Strangely, Allison realized with shock that a familiar urgent warmth was again
building between her legs. As the minutes passed, she could feel the tell tale
signs of another approaching orgasm. Blake finally released her left nipple from
his mouth. It was bloody and bruised, and he immediately moved his mouth to her
right bruised nipple, vacated previously by Sam. Again he savagely bit down on
the already ravaged and bloody nipple, inflicting a second small wound on the
tip. With his free hand he groped her right breast and squeezed it painfully.
Allison had small but firm breasts and Blake could see the red bruise marks he
left, in sharp contrast to her ivory white silky smooth skin.

As John continued to pound her, Allison realized that Sam had repositioned
himself at the edge of the table, kneeling immediately below her buttocks. She
suddenly felt his fingers explore the entrance of her anus and shuddered
violently. Sam noted that a liberal amount of vagina fluid was now trickling
down Allison's crack as John pounded her relentlessly, oozing down the moist
folds towards the entrance of her anus . Using his index finger he spread the
sweet nectar around her anus. He applied his tongue to the area, coating the
area with a combination of saliva and vagina fluids. When it was lubricated, he
slipped a finger into the anal passage.

Allison moaned in pain as the searing pain in vagina was now compounded by an
irritant in her anus. "You fucking perverts" she muttered weakly in protest.
With his index finger in her anus, Sam could feel John's huge member through the
thin walls of her anus/vagina as it pumped relentlessly like a piston into
Allison's vagina. Slowly he slipped a second, then a third finger into the
tortured entrance.

Time stood still as Allison slipped in and out of consciousness, to escape the
pain and abuse. Strangely the pain seemed to excite her further and the
threshold between pain and pleasure became blurred. When both Allison and John
were slippery with sweat, Allison suddenly was brought back to consciousness as
she again felt a wave of pleasure engulf her. This time she was too tired to
resist and gave in to the intense sensation as the shockwave wash over her.
Bolts of electricity seared her body as her back again arched in convulsion, she
felt her vagina contract in spasms around Johns huge penis. To her amazement he
did not stop and grunted with sheer pleasure as he felt her warm wet vagina
walls convulsing around his penis, he stepped up the pace ripping into her.
Allison felt as though her vagina was turning itself inside as wave after wave
of the orgasm hit her. Finally John shot his load into her pussy, she could feel
the strong jets of sperm and semen shooting into her, mixing with her vagina
fluids.

At long last John collapsed in a sweaty heap on top of Allison. The clock on the
wall struck 5.00PM. but Allison was oblivious to it as she had slipped into
blissful oblivion, in a comatosed state, from the sheer intensity of the orgasm.
Sam and Blake had retired to the side of the office to observe the grand
finallay for John.

After what seemed like long minutes, Allison was gently awoken by John, he
smiled t6enderly at her when she opened her eyes and said" One down and only two
to go, but they want you fully conscious for the final two acts".

-THE END OF PART 1-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mellanie Hewlitt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





