BDSM Library - Getting the Contract




Getting the Contract
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife and husband need a contract for their business to survive. But how far will the wife go to secure the contract??
Getting The Contract 1/3
By Scorpio00155(c)
scorpio00155@hotmail.com

People looking at my wife Jean and myself nowadays see us as a
successful couple, both in our relationship and our business life.
We've been married for ten years and have managed to grow ever closer
in that time; to me Jean is more beautiful at forty than she was at
thirty when I married her, despite the years her 36-24-36 figure is
almost as firm as in her youth, her auburn hair has no hint of grey,
her eyes still sparkle with mirth and sexual desire. Jean tells me that
I've grown more distinguished over the years, but I have my doubts
about that, at forty-five I'm starting to 'spread' a little here and
there. Together we have built up a successful stationary supply
business, we started it up five years after we married and have at last
reached a stage where we have no financial worries and are able to let
the business run itself while we enjoy life. So people look at us and
see us as a happy, successful couple with nary a care in the world. If
only they knew how things had been only three short years ago.

*******************************************

It had been two years since we had started up our business, things had
gone well to start with, while I handled the sales and distribution
side of the business Jean had done the bookkeeping. We had worked long
hours, but it had seemed worth it as we watched our business grow and
prosper. And then came the recession, suddenly we found our clients
ordering less and taking longer to pay for their orders, some went out
of business completely leaving us as just one of many creditors
scrambling for a share of whatever we could get. In the space of a few
months we were almost bankrupt, everything we had was mortgaged to keep
the business running and the bank was starting to breath down our necks
as they saw the recession continuing. Late one evening we were sat in
the office going over the books trying to find ways to cut back or get
payments that were owed to us.

"It's no good Mark," Jean sighed, "if we don't get a break soon we'll
lose everything."

"All we can do is pray we get the Wellswood contract." I sighed back.

"Do you think we are in the running?" she asked.

"I don't know," I answered slowly, "I really don't know."

"Didn't Wellswood say anything when you met him yesterday?" she asked.

"Only that our quote was under review." I answered "Maybe he'll say
more at the party tonight."

"Mark," Jean frowned, "I'm puzzled, why did Wellswood invite us
tonight? Why us and none of the others that have quoted for his
contract?"

"I don't know Jean," I shrugged, "and I'm as puzzled as you about that,
but we have to go to the party if only to keep Wellswood sweet."

"I know." Jean sighed deeply, "Only I don't like the man, there's
something ... slimy about him."

"I don't like him any more than you do," I sighed back, "but we need
his contract, without it we'll go under."

"I know, I know." Jean frowned, "And if we get the Wellswood contract
it will give us an in with the Carillon group. I just ..."

"Just what?" I asked as Jean fell silent.

She shook her head then gave me a smile, but though her lips were
smiling her eyes looked troubled.

"It's just me being silly," Jean finally responded, "I just have a
feeling about tonight."

"Feeling?" I asked feeling confused.

"Forget it Mark," she laughed, "even I don't know what I mean by it.
Come on, we'd better go get ready if we are going to be at his place by
eight."

On that note we left the office and home, but Jean's comments had
started a nagging doubt in my mind about the night ahead. When
Wellswood had made the invitation to a party at his home I'd jumped at
the opportunity it presented without hesitation, it was only now, after
Jean had voiced her doubts, that I began to wonder about the
invitation. As I dressed I tried to puzzle out what Jean had meant by
having a 'feeling' about the night ahead.

"Come on slow coach," Jean suddenly broke into my chain of
thoughts, "being late won't make a good impression."

"I guess not." I grinned turning to face my wife.

My grin grew wider when I saw her; I could see that Jean had decided to
go all out to charm our host, she had picked out her sexiest evening
dress, one she normally only wore for me. It was black with a halter
tie top that showed off a good deal of her bust, so much so that she
couldn't wear a bra with it; the dress was knee length, but had double
slits from the hem to her hips, one slit on each side. Looking at her
and knowing that she was wearing nothing more than stockings and a pair
of thong panties under the dress gave me an instant erection.

"Well if you don't impress Wellswood in that outfit nothing will." I
laughed, "I really wish we could stay home now."

"Later you randy sod." Jean laughed, "Right now we have a contract to
win."

It didn't take us long to get to the address Wellswood had given to me,
it turned out to be a large house, almost a mansion, and we could tell
that the party was in full swing as we drove up the to the front of the
house. As I got out of the car I glanced at my watch concerned that we
were late and was relieved to find we were five minutes early, giving
the car keys to a uniformed flunky I took Jean's arm in mine and headed
for the entrance.

"Mark, Jean, come in, come in." Wellswood greeted us at the door, "Jean
I must say that you look delightful tonight, truly delightful."

"Thank you Mr Wellswood." Jean responded.

"Come now," Wellswood smiled, "let's not be so formal, it's Jim."

"Then thank you Jim." My wife said giving him one of her sweet smiles.

Wellswood was in his late fifties, greying at the temples and thinning
on top, he had obviously led the good life, the extra pounds he carried
at his waist told that. Beaming at us he led the way to the bar, I felt
Jean's arm tense a little on mine when Wellswood linked his arm through
her other arm, but she smiled sweetly at him. Leaving us at the bar he
went off to attend to some of his other guests with a promise to be
back 'soon'. Accepting drinks from the barman Jean and I looked around
the room, there were about twenty people there and I was both surprised
and puzzled that the majority were male, but then I began to recognise
some of them.

"God," I breathed to my wife, "most of these people are top end
business men, think of the contacts we can make tonight!"

"Never mind the contacts," Jean almost whispered back, "just
concentrate on getting that contract from Wellswood. If we get that
most of these will follow his lead."

Jean looked around the room then leant close to me.

"I wonder where all the wives are?" she said softly.

"I guess they left them at home." I commented, "Does it make any
difference?"

"No, I guess not." Jean smiled at me.

Just then I spotted our host heading across the room towards us, he
waved us to follow him to another room and I suddenly felt hopeful that
he was going to give us good news about the contract. Jean must have
thought the same thing because she nudged me and grinned. We joined
Wellswood in a large study that adjoined the main room, he was perched
on the edge of an ornate card table as we entered the room. Smiling he
waved at us to take seats then sipped at the glass he held.

"Well," he said at last, "what do you think of my humble home?"

"We haven't seen much of it," Jean replied with a smile, "but what I
have seen I like the look of."

"Ah, a lady of taste." Wellswood laughed then became serious, "I
suppose you are wondering why I invited you here tonight."

"It had crossed my mind, I assumed it had something to do with the
contract." I admitted.

I was puzzled by the direction the conversation had taken, but I kept
the frown from my face and waited for him to tell us the reason we were
there.

"And you assumed rightly." He said, "I'm going to be blunt with you, I
know just how close you are to going under and just how much getting my
contract would mean to you. What I'm wondering is how hungry you are to
get that contract."

'What the hell is this?' was the thought that ran through my mind.

"Hungry?" I responded aloud.

"As in just what would you do to get the contract," Wellswood spoke
softly, "how far you would be willing to go for it."

Totally confused I looked at my wife, she was frowning as though she
had guessed at where the conversation was going. Jean looked at me, her
eyes were troubled, and for a moment I could have sworn she looked
scared, then the penny dropped. Aghast I looked at Wellswood unable to
believe that the man was hinting that we would get the contract if we
did something for him. Call me na ve, but I still had no conception of
what that 'something' might be, however, my wife had guessed it almost
immediately.

"What do you want?" I heard her ask in a low voice.

"I think you know that my dear." Wellswood responded.

My mind was running in circles trying to figure out what we had that
could possibly interest Wellswood, it was as I looked towards Jean for
some hint from her as to what the man wanted that I realised what it
was. Jean looked at me with haunted eyes as my own eyes went wide in
shock.

"Now look here ..." I started to protest to Wellswood.

"Mark," Jean cut me off, "let me handle this."

I looked at her in surprise, I knew that if it had occurred to me that
Wellswood wanted to have sex with her then it had to have occurred to
her. She shook her head at me knowing I had been about to tell
Wellswood where to stuff his contract, giving me an almost sad smile
she looked back at Wellswood.

"At a guess I'd say you want me." She said calmly.

It amazed me that she could sound so calm about the situation, I was
seething inside and it was all I could do not to leap from my chair to
strike Wellswood.

"Yes and no." the man responded infuriatingly.

"And what the hell does that mean?" I blurted out.

"Mark, please." Jean said to me softly.

"I'll tell you what," Wellswood gave a half smile as though he already
knew that he would get what he wanted, "I'll leave you two alone for a
couple of minutes to talk this over."

Without further comment he left the room, rising to my feet I crouched
in front of my wife and took her hands in mine.

"Jean," I said firmly, "let's get the hell out of this place."

"Mark," she replied giving me a brief kiss, "you know we can't afford
to do that. I love you and nothing will change that. Will you trust me
darling?"

"You know I trust you," I sighed knowing that I would go along with
whatever she decided on, "but ..."

"No 'buts'," Jean smiled softly, "it's this or lose everything. The
bastard knows he has us over a barrel, if we don't get his contract
we'll end up with nothing but the clothes on our backs. Mark, we HAVE
to go along with it, whatever it is."

"Okay, but I don't have to like it." I surrendered, "I love you Jean."

Wellswood returned at that moment, resuming my seat I looked at Jean
and then at him, feeling helpless I waited for him to speak.

"I assume you've reached a decision." He gave that half smile again.

"What is it you want?" Jean asked bluntly.

"You were almost right when you said I wanted you," Wellswood said
looking directly at Jean, "but I don't want you to myself. I have a
number of guests here and I think it would be nice if you entertained
them my dear, and me of course."

"I assume by 'entertain' you mean I should go to one of the rooms and
have sex with them." Jean said.

"Good lord no," he laughed, "nothing so mundane. What I want is for you
to go out there and circulate, my guests will decide the where's and
how's and I doubt any will wish to waste time going up and down to a
room."

"Surely you can't mean Jean should let them have sex with them in front
of everyone!" I gasped.

"Of course I do," Wellswood half smiled, half smirked, "what I am
proposing is that Jean lets my guests use her as they see fit for the
rest of the night, in return I will sign that contract with you and use
my influence to place other business your way. Well?"

"And Mark?" Jean asked.

"He must watch, that goes without saying." Wellswood grinned knowing he
had already won, "Your husband will be the only one here who can't
touch you. Is that clear Mark? If Jean agrees to my terms you will only
be able to watch, nothing else."

"I understand damn it!" I snapped.

"Jean?" he said softly.

"I agree." Jean replied in a low voice.

"I thought you might." Wellswood laughed, "I'll give you five minutes
to prepare yourselves, after that my guests will be waiting."

True to his word Wellswood left us alone in the study, even closing the
door behind him to give us our last few moments of privacy. Neither or
us spoke, what was there to say under the circumstances, but we held
each other; Jean clung to me and I could feel her whole body trembling
against me, when I looked into her eyes I saw her fear and humiliation
clearly. The minutes passed as we clung to each other, it pained me to
know that this would be the last time I would be able to touch my wife
until we had finally escaped the place. A fear rose within me that
after all she would surely have to endure Jean may no wish longer with
to share physical acts of love with me, it was a terrifying thought
that in gaining a contract I could lose my wife.

"I love you Jean." I said softly, breaking the long silence.

"I love you Mark." She replied as softly, "Mark, promise me you will
stay near by, no matter what they do, no matter what you have to see me
do, please stay near to me."

"I promise darling," I said firmly stroking her hair, "even if the
bastard hadn't made it a condition I had to watch I wouldn't leave you
alone with those sharks."

"I guess our five minutes are up." Jean sighed looking over my shoulder.

Once glance showed me that Wellswood was at the now open study door and
was signalling us that it was time to leave the room to 'mingle' with
his guests. Giving Jean one last squeeze I let her go, she took a deep
shuddering breath and walked towards the door with me a step behind
her. Seeing my wife in motion Wellswood returned to the main room, I
could hear laughter and had no doubt that he had informed the other
guests that their 'entertainment' was just coming. My wife would have
made a great actress, she walked into the main room with her head held
high as though nothing untoward was happening. I'm afraid I was not as
cool as she, my face was fixed in a scowl and within me I felt nothing
but contempt for the pigs Wellswood called 'guests'. When we entered
the main room I had no idea what to expect, I guess somewhere in the
back of my mind I was expecting the guests to leap on Jean en masse,
thus it was a surprise to find nothing happened. The last thing either
of us expected was for the party to continue as though nothing was out
of the ordinary; I did notice the looks of lust my wife got from all
quarters, but no-one seemed in a hurry to do more than look at Jean.

Across the room I saw Wellswood leaning against a corner of the mantle,
a snifter of brandy in one hand and a cigar in the other, he was
talking and laughing with the group around him and barley looking
towards my wife. Jean looked over her shoulder at me with a puzzled
expression on her face, then looked towards the nearest group of men,
there were three of them and they signalled for Jean to join them.
Smiling nervously my wife joined the small group with me tagging along
behind like a little lap dog, introductions were made, though I really
didn't pay attention to their names at the time. To my surprise the men
started to make small talk, neither in word, sign or action did the men
give any indication of what was really going on. For one brief moment I
had the vague hope that Wellswood had been pulling some elaborate, not
very funny joke on the pair of us, but that hope died when I saw Jean
tense out of the corner of my eye.

Looking at her I immediately saw the reason for her tensing, one of the
three men was quite openly stroking her backside while the group
carried on talking as though nothing were happening. Feeling hopeless
and guilty I watched as the man squeezed Jean's buttocks through her
dress, at first Jean stood stiffly while he groped her, then I saw
Wellswood grimace at her then put an exaggerated smile on his face. His
signal was clear as crystal, Jean was to act as though she was enjoying
the situation, in other words, she should be smiling at her partners to
be. Nervously my wife smiled at the three men then managed to give them
one of her sensual smiles that always turned me on so, it seemed to
have the same effect on these men too. Encouraged by Jean's
acquiescence to his touch the man went a step further, fuming in
impotent fury I watched as he slid his hand through one of the slits in
her dress, though I could no longer see his hand I could see the dress
moving as he stroked my wife's all but bare buttocks. Jean smiled at
the man, albeit a somewhat strained smile, then pushed back against his
hand slightly as though in enjoyment of his caresses.

 From my vantage point of only a couple of feet away I watched with
growing guilt at the sudden arousal I was feeling as I watched another
man touching my wife so intimately. Grinning the man leant towards Jean
and said something, she looked at him and nodded at which the man
removed his hand from under her dress. I know I was wide eyed when I
saw Jean reach through the slits of her dress, I watched her wriggle
and then stared at her tiny panties as they slid down her legs to lie
around her ankles.

"Much better." I heard the man that had been stroking her laugh.

Kicking her panties aside Jean stood there waiting for whatever these
men wanted to do next, nor did they keep her waiting long. The man that
had been stroking her slid his hand back through the slit and this time
the movement of the material told me that he was not only feeling her
buttocks but also sliding his fingers along her pussy. Another of the
small group moved closer to Jean, his hand touched her back then slowly
slid up to her neck, reaching up further he twined his fingers in her
hair and used that hold to twist Jean's head to face him. A moment
later he was kissing my wife forcefully, his hand in her hair holding
her tight to his hungry lips. Then the third member of the group joined
in, he stood in front of Jean, reached up and began to cruelly squeeze
at her tits through her thin dress. They held this tableau for a few
minutes before the three men moved back from my wife; she stood there
breathing a little heavily though not showing the signs of excitement
that I knew so well, but I knew that with enough attention those signs
would come.

Smiling at Jean the men suggested she should circulate now, the
bastards even thanked her and looked forward to getting better
acquainted later. Jean smiled back and went to move away, but one of
the men called her back, I stepped a little closer in time to hear him
say: "You must remember to thank us for our attention to you". Jean
nodded and replied: "I guess I had my mind on other things. Thank you
so much for your attentions, I hope you will do more to me later." "You
can bet on it!" one of the others in the group laughed. With that Jean
moved off to circulate and I followed her a step behind her all the
way, moments later she joined another group of four men and a woman.
She smiled at them as she joined the group and they grinned knowingly
back at her.

This time there was no brief small talk, immediately Jean joined the
group one of the men had his hand under her dress, another followed
suit while the third and fourth men paid attention to my wife's
breasts. It was the woman that grasped Jeans hair and used it to twist
her head around so that she could kiss her. Stunned I watched the five
of them groping my wife as they pleased while my cock jerked to life
within the confines of my trousers. I suppose humiliation was part of
what Wellswood wanted, my humiliation at seeing my wife used by his
guests as a plaything, and her humiliation at having to submit to the
attentions of these people without protest. Nor did I doubt for a
moment that the man had known that seeing what was happening to my wife
would excite me and add to my humiliation. Nevertheless I watched as
the five toyed with my wife's body for a while then stepped away from
her.

"Thank you for your attentions." Jean said a little breathlessly.

For the next forty or fifty minutes Jean circulated around the room
being groped or kissed or both by all but Wellswood, he smiled at Jean,
gave her a brief peck on the lips then pointed her towards the next
eager group. What was surprising was that no-one made any effort to
remove Jean's dress, they would reach under it or fondle her over it,
but left the dress intact on her body, I could not believe that this
would hold true for much longer and in a way I was right. The first
circuit of the room had been nothing more than an introduction of Jean
to the people there, and I suppose a test to see if she would falter at
the first stages. Gradually I began to notice that groups were moving
towards chairs and even other rooms and I knew that pretty soon Jean
would be facing more than mere kisses and gropes. I saw one group head
for the study and a few moments later I heard someone calling Jean to
join them in there.

When I entered the study just behind my wife I did a quick head count,
sitting at the card table were five men, a middle-aged woman was sat on
the arm of a chair near the table and another two men were leaning
against a wall watching the group at the table. Jean was waved over to
the table and the woman at the chair signalled that I should join her,
numbly I sat in the chair, as soon as I was seated the woman leant
against me.

"This should be fun." She said in a low voice.

"What's happening?" I asked nervously.

"The guys will play poker with your wife as the prize," she
laughed, "it'll take them a while to get round to raising the stakes to
winner fucks her. Sit back and enjoy the game, you'll get a great view
from here."

Her words shocked me, I just could not believe that she, a woman, could
be so gleeful about seeing another woman about to be turned into a sex
plaything. But then who was I to talk, despite my shock at what was
happening I was also being turned on by it, looking at the table I
watched as the men cut the cards then started to play. Jean stood near
the table watching the men play, for their part the men seemed more
interested in their cards than in my wife, she looked across the table
and our eyes met for one brief moment then she looked back to the men
at the table. In that one glance I had seen my wife's shame and
humiliation and something else; I had seen the first glimmerings of
excitement, and to say I was surprised was an understatement.

"Okay," one of the men said as he studied his cards, "winner of this
hand gets to play with her tits. So read them and weep boys."

He laid his hand down on the table with a broad grin, three of the
other men tossed their cards down in defeat, but the fifth, a balding
black man, gave a laugh and laid his cards down. From where I sat I
couldn't see the cards, but it was clear that the black guy had won
this hand, looking at Jean he pushed his chair back from the table.

"Okay honey," he grinned at my Jean, "let's see them titties."

My wife hesitated for a moment then reached up behind her neck, a
moment later the front of her dress flopped down leaving Jean naked
from the waist up. Though not overly large my wife's tits were well
shaped and firm, and as I watched I could see her nipples start to
harden in arousal which made my cock grew harder within the confines of
my clothes. The man sat back and waved Jean over to him, as she moved
to stand in front of him the man made a comment I couldn't make out
then reached up to my wife's body. Her back was to me, but I could tell
by the movement of the man's arms that he was fondling her breasts;
then he leant forward, his arms going around Jean's body as he drew her
closer, his head was suddenly hidden by Jean's body and I knew that he
was sucking on her nipples. For five minutes this black man fondled and
sucked at Jean's tits, then he sat back and waved her to one side;
sliding his chair forward he looked at the other men around the table.

"Deal the cards," he grinned, "I want some more of that white meat."

The men laughed as the cards were dealt, I looked at Jean and saw her
face flushed with humiliation at their laughter, but I could also see
that she was becoming aroused which added even more to my own growing
arousal. As the men started to play Jean went to tie her dress top back
up, one of the men looked at her and just shook his head; blushing she
let the front drop again and stood there with her breasts bare for all
to see.

"What we playing for this time?" I heard one of the men ask.

"Tittie play," the dealer answered, "there's five of us so we all get a
chance to win a play with those tits of hers."

"Yeah, assuming we win." Another of the men laughed.

They spoke as though Jean wasn't stood right there, naked from the
waist up, it was as though they considered her as an object and I
suppose that was just what she was for that night, an object there to
please anyone that wanted her. Still, it was a shock to hear them talk
this way, looking at Jean I saw the light glint in her eyes, squinting
I saw a single tear in one of her eyes. She looked at me and I could
not meet her eyes, not because of what she was letting these men do to
her, but because of the way I was being excited by her humiliation. A
sudden gleeful cry focussed my attention back on the card game, one of
the two Asians playing had won and was beckoning Jean over to him as he
pushed his chair back from the table.

This time I had a side view of what was done to my wife, I saw the man
take one of her tits in his hand and squeeze it ungently, I didn't need
to see his other hand to know that he was giving Jean's other breast
the same treatment. He looked up at her face and said something I
couldn't hear, but whatever it was did not please Jean, I saw her body
tense and the man laughed up at her as he almost crushed her breasts in
his hands. Then he released her breasts, grasped her waist and pulled
her closer, he said something and Jean reached up to her breast, cupped
them in her hands and held them as though offering them to the man.
Laughing he leant forward and I saw him suck a nipple into his mouth,
his cheeks hollowed as he sucked on her nipple and when I saw Jean
wince I guessed that he was using his teeth on her as well. Leaning
back the man glanced up at her then leant over to take give her other
nipple the same treatment, his actions were hidden by the swell of the
breast nearest to me, but I could tell by the way she would wince that
he was biting at her flesh. He leant back again then opening his mouth
he placed it over the nipple I could see, reaching up the man grasped
the base of her breast and squeezed while at the same time pushing his
head forward and sucking hard. For a moment I thought he would suck her
whole breast into his mouth, his hands and his mouth actions crushed
her flesh as he stuffed as much as he could in his mouth. A few moments
later he moved to the other breast to give it the same treatment.

"Wonderful, my friends, wonderful." The man said as he sat back, waved
Jean away and slid closer to the table, "But I am anxious for more,
shall we change the stakes?"

"Getting greedy Ghupta." One of the other men grinned across the table
at him, "I'd like a chance at them tits too you know."

"Then take them my friend," the Asian laughed, "let all those who have
not sampled them take their turn now and we can move on to a more
interesting stake."

It came as no surprise when the others agreed to this and I watched as
one after the other the three men who had not so far sampled the
delights of my wife's breasts fondled and sucked at them. At one point
Jean was stood facing me, her body almost hidden behind the man that
was sucking at her nipples, our eyes met briefly and I saw tears in her
eyes, then I looked away in shame at how excited I was getting by all
that was happening to her. Then it occurred to me that Jean may think
that my looking away was a sign of disgust with her, with her
acceptance of the deal offered and with her actions. Forcing myself to
meet her eyes again I mouthed 'I love you'  and I saw a look of relief
come over her face, then her attention was drawn back to the man at her
breasts. Each of the men played with my wife's breasts for about five
minutes before waving her on, the last man eventually waved her away
and slid his chair back to the table.

"So what are we going for now?" he asked as he picked up the cards
being dealt to him.

"Let's save the best for last," another of the men suggested, "how
about a blow job this round?"

Each of the men signalled his agreement to this stake and got down to
playing, behind them Jean was looking nervous and excited at the same
time. I became aware of a form on the other side of me, glancing that
way I saw Wellswood standing there watching the game unfold.

"Jimmy," the woman sat on the arm of my chair said with a chuckle, "you
should have included this stud in your deal."

"Not as much fun that way my dear Ethel." Wellswood laughed, "Don't
worry, you'll get to play with the young lady soon enough. Well Mark,
what do you think of your wife now?"

I glared up at him and made no comment, he laughed then strolled away
to another part of the room. Just then my attention was drawn back to
the table by the loud cursing of the black man, it took me a moment to
figure out that the second Asian at the table had won the hand. Looking
at Jean he signalled her to come over to him, when she was at his side
he looked up at her and said something, for a moment Jean hesitated
then slowly she sank down to her knees.

 From where I was sat I could see most of what followed; with the front
of her dress dragging on the floor my wife crawled under the table, on
her hands and knees she positioned herself in front of the man's legs
then reached up to push them apart. Above the table the five men were
chatting and joking as though nothing were happening, then to my
amazement they started to play another hand of cards. Looking back to
my wife I saw her hand delving into the open front of the man's
trousers, she must have unzipped him while I had been looking at the
actions of the five players. It was hard not to laugh when Jean finally
managed to draw the man's cock through the fly of his trousers, he was
small to the point of miniscule, erect his cock couldn't have been more
than three inches long. On the part of her face I could see my wife had
a wry grin, but that faded quickly as she moved to carry out the next
part of the act; leaning forward between the man's legs she took his
cock into her mouth. Glancing above the table I saw the man's face
suddenly beaming with pleasure, looking back down under the table I saw
Jean sucking at his cock for all she was worth. It was obvious to me
that she was doing all she could to get him to climax quickly in order
to get the ordeal over as fast as possible. There wasn't enough cock
for my wife to slide her lips up and down on, but she was sucking at it
and sucking at it until at last I saw her swallowing hard. If her
swallowing actions hadn't been enough to tell me the man had cum in her
mouth his groan of pleasure was more than proof enough. Below the table
Jean leant back and started to crawl out from under the table.

"Not so fast girlie." The black man laughed as he leant down to look at
her under the table, "My turn next."

I had been concentrating so much on what was happening below the table
that I had missed the game going on above it, clearly the black man had
won the hand and even as he sat back to await my wife's attentions
another hand was being dealt. This time Jean's body was blocking the
view, beside me the woman called Ethel muttered something.

"You'll want to see this," she said as she stood up "come on lover
let's get a better view."

Numbly I stood and followed Ethel to another chair, when I sat I found
that I was both closer to the table and had a clearer view; in fact now
only one of the men was positioned in such a way as to obscure
everything that happened between him and my wife, and since this was
the Asian with the small cock this was no great loss. As I focussed on
what was happening under the table I saw that Jean had already got the
man's cock into the open and was staring at it, I wasn't surprised she
was staring at it either the thing was at least an inch longer than my
own eight inches, but it was slim, for which I'm sure Jean was
eventually thankful, and this made it appear even longer. Grasping the
shaft in one of her small hands Jean leant forward and licked the head
of his cock, I heard the man sigh, but my attention remained fixed on
what was happening under the table. For a moment my wife paused, her
head turned slightly and I caught a glimpse of tears on her cheeks,
then she lowered her head and took the tip of the man's cock into her
mouth. I know from experience just how well my wife could suck a cock,
but she wasn't using that skill at this point in time, all she was
aiming for was to get them off as quickly as possible, but she had
forgotten one thing; she was not in control, they were.

"That's great lady," the black man commented, "only it isn't what I
want. Here, let me teach you how to suck a real cock."

I have no idea whether he had held a winning or losing hand, but he
threw his cards aside and put his hands under the table, one of his
hands went to the top of Jean's head, the fingers twining in her hair;
the other hand went to the back of her head. Firmly he pulled her
forwards, drawing her mouth further down onto his cock and when I heard
Jean gagging I realised he was pressing his cock at her throat.

"Well, well, what d'you know." The black guy laughed, "This girlie
hasn't been taught to mouth fuck right, guess we'll have to change that
won't we guys."

With loud laughs the other agreed that they would indeed have to change
this so called 'lack' in Jean's abilities, but although they were
enthusiastic about the idea Jean certainly wasn't. I could see her
trying to draw back from the cock in her mouth, but the hands clenched
in her hair and pressed to the back of her head prevented this. Putting
her hands on the man's knee I saw Jean try to push herself away, but
her strength was no match for the black man's, with firm pressure he
began to force her even further down onto his cock. Jean tried to shake
her head in denial, she tried to slide sideways, she even tried to fall
down to the floor to escape, but this man kept her in place by pulling
sharply on her hair or grasping her neck and pulling hard at her.
Despite all her struggles the man's cock gradually forced it's way
deeper into her mouth, she was about half way down the shaft with the
cap and perhaps an inch of shaft already buried in her throat when the
black man ordered her to drop her hands to her sides. At first it
looked as though Jean was not going to do as he had ordered, but then
her shoulders slumped in defeat and her arms fell limply to her sides.

"Better," the man grinned, "now let's do this right."

Wondering what he meant I kept my attention on what was happening below
the table top, I saw the man grasp the hair on either side of my wife's
head and as he gave a hefty pull towards him his hips thrust up from
the chair. Jean gave a smothered gurgle of a scream as the man's cock
thrust all the way into her throat, her lips pressed tight to his pubic
mound as the man let out a deep sigh of satisfaction.

"Fuck subtlety!" he declared to his card comrades.

Holding Jean's head motionless he then proceeded to fuck her mouth as
though he were fucking her pussy, I know my own cock was aching and the
furtive desire to be in the man's place flitted across my mind as I
watched him cruelly raping Jean's mouth and throat. Nor can I think of
another was to describe the act but as rape, his thrusts were cruel and
at no time did he fully pull back from Jean's throat. From time to time
I caught glimpses of her pale face as he took her, she was sweating and
I think it was mainly from lack of air, but I'm not certain. At one
point I saw her eyes and they seemed to be filled with excitement, but
that could also have been my imagination. This brutal use of Jean's
mouth seemed to go on for ages, but at last I saw the man stiffen, his
hands tightened around Jean's head then he was pushing so deeply into
her throat that her whole face was being crushed into his groin. Once,
twice, three times I saw his hips jerk, the third time a thin stream of
white semen forced it's way past my wife's lips leaving no doubt that
the man had climaxed deep in her throat. For a few moments following
his climax the man held Jean pressed right into his body until I feared
that she would be suffocated, but then he released his hold on her head
and forcefully pushed her away from him. I watched with a throbbing
cock as his meat slid from my wife's mouth, it glistened with saliva
and semen, as for Jean she was almost collapsed on the floor gasping
and panting for breath. The man said something that sounded like 'clean
it bitch', whatever it was he said it had my wife forcing herself back
up to her knees to lick his cock clean from tip to root.

"Next!" The black laughed a few moments later.

One of the other men waved his hand under the table to indicate who she
was to attend to next, still breathless Jean crawled over to him and
once again I watched as she opened his trousers, reached in to take out
his already hard cock then take it into her mouth. This man was more or
less average in size which meant Jean was forced to take less of him
into her throat, yet the sight of him pulling her face into his crotch
as he buried his cock as deep in her as he could made my cock harden
almost painfully. The man said something to his companions at the table
and they laughed, taking his hands from Jean's head he sat back in his
chair expectantly. For a moment my wife pause with the man's cock
almost all the way out of her mouth then she slowly pushed down on it,
gradually taking it all into her mouth and throat; the man laughed.

"I think she's getting the idea." He commented to his companions.

It certainly looked as though he was right, Jean was now moving her
head up and down, her lips sliding up and down the man's shaft in long
strokes. Gradually her movements became faster, I had no idea at the
time whether this was because she was starting to enjoy what she was
doing or because she thought it would make him climax sooner. Whatever
the reason the result was the same, after only a few minutes the man
gave a heavy grunt and his hips jerked up, as his hips moved so did his
hands; grasping Jeans head he pulled her tight to him and once again I
saw her throat moving as she swallowed another man's juices. As I
watched this scene I felt a tinge of jealousy, Jean had never swallowed
my semen, whenever she had sucked on my cock she had always released it
before I climaxed and finished me off with her hands; yet here, in the
space of a short period of time she had swallowed the juices of three
men. Moments later Jean licked the man's glistening cock clean and
looked around the table to see who was next. There was no mistaking the
excitement my wife was feeling, as she turned I could see her nipples
were like hard little bullets, her face and chest were flushed and
though there were still tears in her eyes I saw excitement there too.

The fourth man waved under the table to her and once again Jean moved
to pleasure this stranger, part in guilt and part to ease my own
excitement I looked around the room. It was a surprise to note that
while I had been so intent on watching what was being done to my wife
the room had gradually been filling with people, I think most of the
guests were there chatting and half watching the events at the card
table. I saw Wellswood standing with a couple of women and a man, they
were laughing about something and I felt my excitement fade slightly as
my anger at the man returned. A groan from the direction of the table
drew my attention back to what was happening to my wife in time to see
her release the cock from her mouth and lick it clean. She sat back for
a moment gathering her breathe then looked to see who would signal
next, unsurprisingly it was the Asian that had been referred to as
Ghupta that was to be next, obediently Jean crawled over to where he
sat, pushed his legs apart, opened his trousers and reached in to pull
out his cock.

"She's in for a shock." The woman called Ethel commented gleefully from
beside me.

She wasn't the only one, my jaw dropped in amazement when I saw the
monster Jean pulled out of Ghupta's trousers, the thing had to be at
least eleven inches long, nor was it slim as the black guy's had been,
it had to be almost three inches in diameter. My wife's reaction was
one of near panic and she went to back away from this beast rearing
towards her, but the Asian had anticipated her reaction, his hands were
already entwined in her hair. Jean's eyes were wide with fear and pain
as her head was forced down towards this monstrous cock, I glanced up
at the man's face and saw that he was actually enjoying my wife's
struggles to avoid sucking his cock. Looking back under the table I saw
that he had drawn her head down far enough for her lips to be touching
the huge cap, leaning down he said something to Jean, she shook her
head and he said something else. Whatever it was he'd said took some of
the fight out of my wife, I saw her lips part reluctantly and watched
as Ghupta forced her head down, her lips stretching in a manner that
looked painful. Nor did he give her a moment to get used to his size,
with steady pressure he pulled her head down forcing more of his cock
into her mouth and then I saw her throat actually bulge as he pushed
into it.

"Jesus!" I breathed.

"Some sight isn't it." Ethel laughed.

I stared at the woman in sheer disbelief, then realised my own
hypocrisy, even though I felt concern for Jean being forced to swallow
such a huge cock I was also tingling with excitement at the sight.
Looking back to the action I saw that barely a third of Ghupta's cock
was in Jean's mouth and throat, her eyes were bulging as he forced her
to take more and more of his massiveness. Laughing Ghupta suddenly
thrust his hips up while pulling my wife's head down with great force,
once again I heard my wife scream, though the sound was almost muted to
silence by the flesh filling her throat as he thrust all but a couple
of inches cruelly into her. Once again he jerked and pulled and those
last inches sank out of sight in Jean's mouth, her hands were pushing
at the man's knees as she tried to pull back, but he held her in place;
Jean began to make gurgling noises and it occurred to me that she was
suffocating on that huge cock. As I went to rise a hand pressed down on
my shoulder, in surprise I looked up to see Wellswood hovering behind
me, his hand holding me in my seat. With a growing sense of concern I
looked back to Jean, her body was jerking and thrashing, but her
motions were slowly getting weaker, my heart thumped in my chest when
she suddenly stopped moving altogether. It was with relief that I saw
her breasts heaving as she tried to draw breathe through her nose, her
stillness must have been what the Asian had been waiting for, slowly he
pulled her head up until his cock slipped from Jean's mouth. She sucked
in great gasps of air and Ghupta gave her a few brief moments to
breathe before pushing her head back towards his cock.

"You know what I want." I heard him say as he leant back in his seat
and released his hold on her head.

In disbelief I watched my wife lean forward to take his cock into her
mouth again, her lips stretching grotesquely as she pushed down on it;
gradually she took all eleven inches into her mouth, gagging and
choking all the while, but taking it all nevertheless. Her lips kissed
his groin and she paused for a moment then began the long slide of her
lips back up his shaft, this time she stopped before the cap could
escape her mouth then began to push down again.

"Good," Ghupta commented with a broad smile on his lips, " now do it
faster."

I thought my balls would burst with excitement as I watched my wife
speed up her movements, her head would raise then bob down, raise and
bob down and each time his cock would appear from then disappear into
her mouth. God knows how long this went, it seemed like an eternity,
but as the minutes passed Jean's head was moving faster and faster
until she was literally thrusting down on him, at the same time the
Asian was making jerking motions with his hips that added even more
force to the pounding Jean's throat was taking. Suddenly he reached
down to clasp Jean' head as she thrust down on him, humping his hips
almost off the chair he held her tightly to his body, his cock buried
so deeply that his juices flowed into her without the need for Jean to
swallow. As deep as he was buried I would not have expected to see a
drop of his seed escape my wife's throat, when white, creamy liquid
suddenly appeared at Jean's lips I gasped aloud. For long minutes he
held her face buried in his groin, unconcerned that in gaining his
pleasure Jean was unable to breathe, aghast I watched her hands fall
limply to her sides and her body slump and once again I went to move,
but once again I felt myself held in my seat.

"Be still Mark," Wellswood said softly, "Jean agreed to this. Besides,
Ghupta knows what he's about."

Unconvinced I looked back to my wife, she looked to be unconscious yet
was still impaled on that monstrous cock and then the Asian lifted her
head until his cock slipped wetly from her mouth. Jean gave a
shuddering breath, then another and I sank in my chair with relief. A
moment later Ghupta released his hold on her head and Jean slumped, her
head hanging almost on her breasts as she sucked in air. It was only
then that I realised that in my concern my erection had melted away,
but then Jean looked up and the sight of Ghupta's juices on her lips
sent my cock soaring back to erection.

Continued in Part 2




Getting The Contract 2/3
By Scorpio00155(c)

"What is the next stake my friends?" Ghupta grinned at his companions
around the table.

They seemed to be split between fucking Jean and sucking her pussy, in
the end they made their decision by drawing two cards, licking her out
won. As the cards were shuffled Jean sat under the table recovering,
occasionally our eyes would meet briefly and I was stunned to see an
almost wild look of excitement in her eyes. This gradually faded as she
recovered, but I knew at that moment that it would not be long before
my wife was climaxing under the attentions of these men, whether she
wanted it or not!

"Jean seems to be enjoying herself." Wellswood laughed as he took his
hand from my shoulder.

I saw Jean's head jerk up at his words and I knew that she had heard
what had been said, the blush on her cheeks grew redder as she became
angry, nevertheless, she crawled out from under the table when told to
do so. She stood watching the game being played to see who would lick
her pussy first, despite everything that had happened I was stunned by
my wife's beauty as she stood there awaiting further humiliation. My
eyes were drawn to the men at the table when one of them gave a laugh
of triumph, this time it was one of the two white men that had won,
without even looking he waved Jean over to him while sliding his chair
away from the table. She went to him, though I could still see a hint
of excitement in Jean's eyes there was also a look of determination and
I guessed that she was going to do all she could not to climax for
these men, but I knew she would fail, and I wondered how that failure
would affect her.

Standing in front of the man Jean waited for him to decide what was to
come next, smiling he reached forward to slide a hand through one of
the slits of the dress, and though his actions were hidden by the
fabric it took no stretch of imagination to guess that he was fingering
Jean's pussy. Whether he was pushing fingers into her or just teasing
her clitoris his actions started to push Jean up the slope of
excitement. At one point I saw my wife biting her lip as though holding
back sounds of pleasure, sounds she knew would be a final total
submission to her humiliation by these men and I could tell she was
determined not to give them that pleasure. After a few minutes Jean was
squirming and the light of rising excitement was unmistakably clear in
her eyes, the man grinned as he felt her slight body movements.

"Didn't take long to get you ready," he laughed at Jean, "hmm, what a
nice wet cunt you have young lady, I bet it earns you a fortune. Well,
down to more important matter, hitch that dress up."

Complying Jean folded the front section of the dress up until it lay in
a loose roll about her waist with the dangling top still in the way,
frowning I saw my wife mulling over the problem until she found a
solution that worked. Having folded the lower front of her dress up to
her waist she used what had been the halter ties to tie both the upper
and lower parts of the dress out of the way, this exposed her pussy to
all and sundry, which was of course the point of the exercise. He
looked at my wife's exposed sex and frowned.

"Damn!" he cursed, "I hate hair on cunts."

"Not to worry Nick," Ethel laughed as she rose from the arm of my
chair "We can soon fix that."

With no further ado the woman led Jean out of the room, I rose to
follow, but a headshake from Wellswood from the other side of the room
held me in place. Feeling totally helpless I sat looking around the
room and wondering how these people could condone what was happening,
somewhere close behind me a conversation was going on and I focussed on
it as best I could. Though I couldn't make out everything that was said
I heard enough to gather that the five men at the card table were a
regular group, I heard one of the people talking refer to them as 'the
breakers' though I was unsure what was meant by this nickname. About
ten minutes later Ethel led Jean back into the room, Jean's dress was
still tied about her waist with only the rear section of it hanging
down to form a backdrop for her stocking encased legs and her pussy;
her naked pussy! Jean's skin still glowed from having had her pubic
hair shaved.

"Much better." The man Ethel had called Nick commented with a
grin, "Bring her over here."

Ethel took Jean over to where this Nick sat then returned to perch on
the arm of my chair, the man smiled and reached up to stroke Jean's
bare pussy, his fingers sliding along her slit then pushing into her.

"Dear me," Nick mock sighed, "where did all that wetness go? No matter,
I'll soon have you all wet my dear."

As he spoke he was finger-fucking Jean with slow steady strokes, his
other hand came up to her pubic mound and I saw him rubbing at my
wife's clit. Jean stood motionless while he fingered her, in glimpses I
saw the slow rise of excitement in her eyes and the longer he fondled
her pussy the higher her excitement rose. At some undefined point Nick
decided that Jean was ready for him, taking his hands from her pussy he
put them at her waist, firmly he pushed her back towards the table
until the edge pressed against her lower buttocks. Without a word he
raised a hand to Jean's chest and pushed, there was no mistaking what
he wanted and Jean obediently let herself lie back on the table, as she
laid back Nick grasped her legs and raised them until they came onto
his shoulders. He leant forward and my view was blocked by his head as
it covered Jean's pubic area, not that there was any doubt about what
he was doing. Once again my cock was rock hard as I watched this man
licking and sucking at my wife's pussy while her legs hung lewdly down
his back, her high heels almost slipping from her feet.

Beside me Ethel moved, a glance told me that she was trying to get a
better view of what was happening and I decided that I had to see too,
rising from my chair I slowly moved around the until I could partially
see the man's mouth clamped to Jean's pussy. By the movement of his
jaws he was licking at her pussy for all he was worth, no doubt digging
his tongue in to lick out her juices. Looking along Jean's body I saw
that she was starting to feel the affects of this man's mouth; her
breasts, though partially flattened against her chest were started to
rise and fall at a faster rate, their flesh gently wobbling in time to
her breathing. I looked at her face and saw that she had her eyes
closed, her lower lip was caught between her teeth as though to hold
back any utterance of the pleasure she must surely be feeling. Ethel
was suddenly leaning against me, I looked at her and she grinned,
flicked out her tongue then chuckled, I felt disgusted and thrilled as
I turned my attention back to what was happening with Jean. Once again
I had lost track of time in the excitement of the moment, but it looked
as though Nick was eventually going to achieve his aim of getting Jean
to climax; Jean's breathing was heavy and uneven, her breasts now
bouncing and quivering on her chest as he drove her up the scale of
excitement.

"Okay man," the black man suddenly broke the spell, "time's up, pass
her this way."

Nick sat back with a sigh, I could see his lips and chin glistening
with my wife's juices as he pushed her legs from his shoulders so
abruptly that she nearly slid off the table. Drawing deep breaths Jean
stood up and walked slowly around the table to the black man, he had
already slid his chair back and was waiting for her to stand in front
of him. I noticed that my wife took the longest way around the table to
get to the man, I hid a smile at the knowledge that she was doing her
best to calm down before having to face another pussy licking. As she
stopped directly in front of the black man I felt a tug at my sleeve,
looking at Ethel I saw her tilt her head to indicate that we should
move to get a better view once again. Half following Ethel and half
watching Jean I shuffled around the table until I almost bumped into
Ethel, from the point we had stopped I could see the man's black
fingers sliding in my wife's pussy almost forcefully, his knuckles
crushing against her outer lips with each thrust.

"You got her cunt good and wet Nick," the black man grinned, "thanks."

"My pleasure Errol." Nick laughed.

He was joined in his laughter by the other men at the table and by some
of those who were standing close enough to hear the banter. Errol gave
a loud guffaw then pushed Jean towards the table, this time she knew
what was expected of her and simply stepped backwards, lay on the table
and raised her legs so that the man could slide his shoulders under
them. Once again my view was mostly blocked by a head as it lowered to
Jean's bare mound, however, Errol didn't keep his mouth clamped to
Jean's pussy as Nick had done. His technique was to suck at her oozing
hole for a few moments, no doubt thrusting his tongue into her to lap
at the flowing juices, then he would move back to slide his tongue up
and down her slit; each time he licked along her slit I was able to see
the action of his tongue. As his tongue reached her clit Errol would
swirl his tongue over and around it and it wasn't long before this
started to get to my wife. All her lip biting and eye screwing couldn't
hide the fact that this man was gradually pushing her closer to a
climax with each movement of his tongue, I think he would actually have
succeeded if he hadn't sat back to give a grin of triumph when Jean
made a soft gasping sound. That brief pause allowed her to regain
control of herself for the moment, though I have no idea how she could
have done so; it was only for a brief moment though, soon afterwards I
heard another gasp escape her clenched lips, but for Errol it was too
late.

"Okay Errol pass her this way." The other white man laughed.

"Damn!" Errol exclaimed as he sat back, "Okay Walter, she's all yours."

Once again Jean slid off the table to walk over to the next man and
once again I noted the way she took the longest route at the slowest
pace in order to recover her composure.

"Silly girl." Ethel laughed softly beside me, "If Walter doesn't make
her cum Alid definitely will."

Alid had to be the second Asian, the man with the tiny cock, looking at
the man I wondered just what it was that made Ethel so sure that he
could make Jean climax. I put that question aside for the moment to
watch the man called Walter take his turn at my wife's pussy, though I
could immediately tell that his chances of making Jean climax were
practically zero. This man licked and lapped with no rhythm at all, one
moment he would be licking along her slit the next he would be kissing
her pubic mound. I could see by Jean's breathing that not only was he
not adding to her excitement but that she was actually recovering a
little from Errol's attentions. When Walter's time was up Jean was
almost calm and certainly seemed unlikely to climax in the near future.

"Now comes the fun!" Ethel chuckled and nudging me in the ribs.

For some reason this woman was acting as though I were one of the other
guests rather than the poor bastard whose wife was being used as a sex
toy, it occurred to me that she may think that I was by now excited
enough to not care what was happening to Jean. I suppose a part of me
did feel that way, but I also felt guilt about getting so turned on so
much, and anger at having been put in this position, humiliation at
being helpless to stop what was being done to Jean and lastly I felt
jealous; jealous that my wife of seven years was allowed these men to
do things to her that she had always refused to me. Although it may
sound as though our sex life was dull it was, in truth, very far from
being so, it was just that up to now there were certain things that
Jean would not do. I was so lost in these thoughts that  I almost
forgot where I was and what was happening.

With a start I looked at the table just in time to see the Asian that
had been referred to as Alid leaning Jean back on the table, her legs
raised and sliding over his shoulders to dangle down his back. He
hadn't wasted a moment in getting her into position on the table,
unlike those before him he had not fingered her pussy first. Having had
no pre-stimulation Jean seemed calm and relaxed almost as though
confident that having made it through three of the men without
climaxing she would manage the last two with ease. At that point I
would have bet money on her being correct in her thinking, especially
when her eyes turned to look at me for a moment and I saw her grin
almost victoriously at me.

Then it was as though things went into slow motion, Alid grasped Jean's
thighs firmly, I could see his fingers pressing tightly into her flesh
leaving red marks behind as he shifted his grip. Jean winced at this,
but made no effort to escape the obvious pain she was feeling, instead
she leant her head up to look down her body at the man as he lowered
his head towards her pussy. Suddenly her eyes went wide as though in
surprise and following her gaze a quiet curse burst from my lips. Alid
may have had almost no cock, but he more than made up for that with his
tongue, his lips were still almost three inches from Jean's pussy yet
the tip of his tongue was sliding slowly down the length of her slit.
In moments he was probing her hole with that tongue, pursing his lips
and holding it straight he was actually fucking Jean with it and Jean
was once again biting her lips and closing her eyes tightly in an
effort to fight the stimulation Alid was giving her. Towards the end of
his turn Errol had made Jean gasp, Alid draw a gasp from her clenched
lips within a few moments of licking her for the first time. Unlike
Errol the man Alid did not pause to gloat, instead he moved faster, his
tongue pushing in and out of her pussy, his lips kissing her moist pink
inner flesh each time he thrust into her. There was no doubt that this
man was an expert when it came to using his mouth on a woman and I
suddenly understood Ethel's earlier comments about him. It must have
been about half way through whatever time period the men had agreed on
when I saw Jean starting to tense, her fists balled and her head began
to move slowly from side to side as though in denial of the sensation
that were pushing her to the edge of orgasm.

"Damn it Alid," Errol laughed loudly, "stop toying with her and make
the bitch cum!"

Toying with her! If what Alid was doing was merely toying then I
dreaded to think what his 'serious' mouthing would do, and I think this
thought was going through Jean's mind as well as I could see her
desperately trying to fight back the rising tide of excitement that was
filling her. Alid did not pause to even acknowledge Errol's comment,
but he did seem to step up a gear; now his tongue was twisting and
curling as it thrust into her pussy hole and for long moments he
pressed his lips tight to her. I can only imagine that his tongue was
delving into Jean's depths, twisting and flicking at her G spot, what I
could see was the result of whatever he was doing when he pressed close
to her. Each time Jean would give a gasp and eventually those gasps
became groans of pleasure; her head began to thrash from side to side
and I saw her knuckles whiten as she grasped at the edge of the table.
Then just short of the point that his time would be up Alid licked his
way to Jean's clit and nipped at it with is teeth before once again
trusting his tongue into her pussy.

"That did it." I dimly heard Ethel laugh through the pounding of my
excited blood in my ears.

That had certainly done it, that last action had pushed Jean over the
edge and now her body was arching as she cried out her pleasure for the
whole room to hear. Nor did that end it, Alid's time was certainly up,
he could have sat back in satisfaction at having made her climax, and
this was what I thought he was going to do, but instead he carried
right on with an even greater fervour.

"Since I do not demean myself in this manner," Ghupta was
commenting, "I have sold him my time."

"Oh?" Walter asked, "And what did you get out of the bargain."

"You know my pleasure." Ghupta laughed over the rising sound of my
wife's cries.

"Yeah and a right perverted sod you are too." Walter laughed.

Throughout this byplay Alid had continued his oral assault on my wife,
and having got her to climax he now managed to keep her climaxing, his
mouth and tongue actions pushing her higher up the orgasmic scale with
each passing minute. I saw Errol lean over the table and whisper
something to my wife, when he got no response he tried again and this
time I saw Jean nod her head weakly. Errol went to say something else,
but Jean suddenly hit another orgasmic peak and he had to wait a moment
for her to come down. He said something and Jean nodded again; Errol
spoke a little more firmly, but still in tones too low for me to hear
over Jean's sounds of pleasure.

"Yes," Jean suddenly gasped out, "I love it!"

I didn't know whether she was stating fact or just saying what was
expected of her, but her shaking body, clenching fists, vocal cries and
her pushing of her lower body tighter to Alid's mouth certainly gave
the impression that she spoke the truth; she was loving it! Though my
balls were so tight with excitement they ached and my cock was
quivering with arousal I felt inadequate, at no time had Jean made such
comments with me. I looked away, but even then I could hear Jean's
cries of bliss as Alid drove her through another climax, I only looked
back again when I heard one of the men call 'time's up Alid'. Alid sat
back, as he did so Jean's legs slid off his shoulders, he pushed her
legs away from him and I stared at my wife lying on the table, her
chest heaving, which made her breasts bounce and her legs spread wide
and dangling off the table.

"This is taking too long, best to fuck her while she's still hot in my
opinion." Errol commented, "Let's just cut the cards to see who fucks
her in what order."

The others were in agreement with this and they each drew a card, the
instant grin on Errol's face told me who had won 'first fuck', though
Jean, who was still lying with her legs spread and lost in pleasure was
unaware of what was to come next. She was not ignorant for long, this
time Errol moved to her, grinning like a madman he moved between her
parted legs and pressed his nine inch tool at the entrance to her pussy.

"Do you want this?" Errol asked Jean.

She hesitated, gulped then nodded and I wondered if she was just
playing along or whether she really wanted his cock in her. I was
seeing my wife in a new light and though I tried to suppress the
thought the word 'slut' sprang to mind.

"I didn't hear you answer." Errol said firmly, "If you want this cock
in your cunt you have to ask nicely for it. Now, do you want it?"

"Yes," Jean gasped up at him, "yes I want your cock in my cunt."

Errol laughed and pressed his hips forwards and I saw the cap and the
first inch of his shaft part my wife's pussy lips then push into her
hole. I'd expected the man to push home all the way, but instead he
stopped with only those two inches or so inside her, it was as though
he was waiting for something from Jean. After a few moments of his
stillness Jean tried to push her hips up off the table to slide her
pussy further onto his cock, but his hands leant on her hips and held
her still. Jean's expression became confused, though I had worked out
that Errol was waiting for her to beg for him to fuck her, waiting for
her to demean herself even more. When my eyes met Jean's briefly I
could see they were filled with tears, but also with a wild sexual
excitement that demanded more of the pleasure she had started feeling
with Alid. Then her eyes widened and I knew that Jean had finally
worked out what Errol was waiting for.

"Please." She whispered up at him.

I had not heard the words, but I had seen her mouth it, but Errol
wanted none of this silent pleading, remaining still he looked down
into Jean's eyes and raised an eyebrow.

"Please," Jean sobbed out breathlessly, "please fuck me."

Errol's grin broadened and he fed another couple of inches of his cock
into Jean's pussy before stopping yet again. No sooner had he stopped
than Jean began begging him to fucking her again, this time her voice
was louder as though she didn't care who heard her humiliation as long
as she got his cock inside her. This time Errol didn't move to her
pleas and Jean cried out that she needed his cock, that she wanted to
be filled by him and that was what Errol had wanted to hear, it was as
though Jean had finally surrendered totally to him. With a loud laugh
Errol gave a sudden thrust of his hips and his cock shot into Jean's
pussy, her reaction was to give a loud cry of what sounded like pure
bliss and to arch her back. Moving his hands off her hips Errol started
to fuck Jean with long strokes, at the same time his hands went to her
tits to squeeze and tease at the heavy flesh and nipples. I felt dismay
when my wife started moving with the man, her hips thrusting up as
Errol pushed down into her pussy; yet I was still being turned on by
the sight of this black man fucking my wife and my cock throbbed for
release. Listening to Jean's cries of passion was almost too much for
me to bear, beside me Ethel was chuckling and calling out encouragement
to Errol and I almost turned and struck her in anger.

I couldn't bear to watch as Errol moved up a gear, his thrusts now so
hard that they made Jean's whole body jerk, yet I couldn't bear to not
watch; it was as though I was two people, the one that felt guilt,
shame and humiliation and the other that felt excited, thrilled and
eager to see more. More and more it was the voyeur part of me that was
in control, wide eyed I watched my wife fucking this black man who we
had not met before that night, watched her reacting to him in a way I
had never managed to get her to react. There was nothing loving about
what was happening, Errol was taking Jean and she was going wild with
excitement, and when Errol swore and pushed deep into her then held
still I knew that he was cumming, that he was filling her with his seed.

"Maybe I gave you a baby." Errol laughed a few minutes later as he
pulled his juice soaked cock from my wife's pussy.

Jean was too high on pleasure to have heard his words, but I sent up a
silent prayer of thanks that my wife was on the pill and unlikely to
fall pregnant, it was about the only saving grace in the situation. As
Errol moved away Ethel moved from my side and went between Jean's wide
spread legs, I stifled a gasp when the woman leant over and began to
suck and lick at Jean's pussy and this started Jean climaxing over
again. It seemed that an age passed before Ethel moved away from my
wife, licking her lips the woman looked at me and grinned then, with
one last glance at Jean's pussy she moved back to my side.

"I do love the taste of spunk from another woman's cunt." Ethel grinned
at me.

Almost as soon as Ethel had moved away the man Nick was between my
wife's legs, without pausing he thrust his cock into her and started to
fuck her at a furious pace. Already high from the experiences with
Errol and Ethel my wife went straight into an orgasm that seemed to
last all the time Nick was fucking her. When Nick had finished Ethel
moved in again to clean the sticky white juices from Jean's pussy, and
as soon as Ethel moved away Walter took his place between Jean's legs.

"I did say that Jean seemed to be enjoying herself." Wellswood's voice
sounded behind me suddenly.

He was beaming when I looked at him over my shoulder, I hated the man
for what was happening, even more so because of how I had seen my wife
reacting with these strangers. I can't deny it, I felt jealous that
they could pleasure my wife better than I had ever managed to and I
think Wellswood knew this, at least his next comment seemed to indicate
that he knew.

"Not many men can pleasure a woman the way those boys can." He said
with a nod towards the table where my wife was being fucked, "Kind of
humbling wouldn't you say?"

I didn't answer, but he didn't seem to care one way or another if I
responded and as he moved off to circulate among his guests I felt
disgusted at myself for not making some sort of token comment to him,
even a simple 'fuck you' would have been better than meek silence.

Ethel moving again snapped my attention back to the events at the
table, sure enough Walter had climaxed and moved away from Jean and
Ethel went through her clean-up routine I looked at the two Asians
wondering which of them would take Jean next. It was Alid of the small
dick that stepped between her legs, to be honest I don't think Jean
even noticed his cock was in her pussy, but the added action of his
fingers at her clit kept her in the throes of climax until he too
filled her with his seed. Without pause Ethel moved in to the lick my
wife's pussy clean then stepped back and blew me a kiss, frowning back
at her I let my eyes move to the last of the five men who was already
moving to take his place between Jean's legs.

Jean lay quivering and panting on the table, her legs hanging limply
towards the floor as Ghupta stood looking down at her, his face held a
look of anticipation. When Jean eventually looked up to see him in
position to take her her eyes went wide, it was this look of shock that
Ghupta had been waiting for, grasping Jean around the waist he pushed
his huge cock at her pussy. I saw my wife's pussy dimple inwards as the
massive cap tried to force it's way into her, then it burst past the
resistance and Jean gave a loud cry of sheer ecstasy, a cry that grew
even louder as his whole eleven inches thrust into her in one hard
motion. Ghupta fucked Jean hard, his body crashing down on hers with
each thrust and Jean's cries hit a peak, her whole body arched as she
gave out a near scream of bliss, then her cries began to fade to weak
groan and squeaks. Now I finally understood why these five men were
called 'the breakers', no matter how determined their victim may be to
fight the pleasure they instilled in them the five men had individual
skills that, combined, would crumble any resistance. Ghupta had not
climaxed though and as Jean's cries and movements became weaker he
seemed to carry on tirelessly. I was puzzled when Wellswood went over
to Ghupta, his body blocked my view for a moment then he was moving
away, for a moment I followed his progress across the room then turned
my attention back to the scene at the card table in time to see the man
pulling his massive organ from my wife's pussy.

Continued in Part 3




Getting The Contract 3/3
By Scorpio00155(c)

"Time for Ghupta's delight." Someone laughed.

At the table Ghupta had stepped from between Jean's legs, grasping her waist the
man lifted Jean like a rag doll and turned her so that she now lay face down on
the table, her tits squashing under her body weight. The man lifted the rear of
her dress and bunched it around her waist, untying the halter ties he then
retied them so that none of the dress would fall to block access to any part of
her lower body when she stood up. Once again he forced his cock into her pussy
and I heard a faint whimper of ecstasy from my wife as her body stiffened then
shook, he started to fuck her slowly which was a stark contrast to his earlier
actions and I was even more puzzled by this. As though by magic Ghupta brought a
bottle of baby oil into view, it occurred to me that it had been brought to the
table by Wellswood and as the man poured a little of the oil into the crease of
my wife's buttocks I had an inkling of what 'Ghupta's delight' was. Jean was so
lost in the pleasure that the man's cock was giving her that I don't think she
even noticed the oiling of her crack. Then he poured a little of the oil over
his fingers, it came as no surprise to me to see him press an oiled finger into
Jean's back passage, though Jean's reaction to his intruding finger did surprise
me. For years I had tried to persuade my wife to let me bugger her, but she was
adamant in her refusal, now, with this stranger, she was groaning with pleasure
and raising her buttocks as though to accept more of his probing finger.
Gradually he worked his finger in to the knuckle, just as slowly he withdrew it,
added more oil and reinserted it into her arse, then he began to fuck her arse
with his finger, twisting and thrusting it in her firmly and Jean shocked me by
crying out in pleasure at his actions. After a few minutes Ghupta squeezed more
oil down the back of his finger letting his actions work it into her back
passage before adding a second finger and I saw her anal ring stretching to
accommodate both fingers. Jean shuddered as he started to finger-fuck her arse
again, in a way I was saddened that she did not even make a token protest at
this man's actions, but at the same time the scene was turning me on even more.
My cock almost vibrated with arousal as I watched this man touching an area that
had been forbidden to me, my eyes widened when Ghupta once again dribbled oil
down the back of his finger and added a third digit to those already in her
arse.

"Bet her old man never got her to do that." Errol laughed loudly and I felt
myself flush with humiliation.

As for Jean she was oblivious to everything but the pleasure Ghupta was giving
her, I don't think a marching band going by would have attracted her attention
at that moment in time.

"She is a virgin here." Ghupta laughed back adding to my humiliation "One can
always tell. But she will not remain a virgin for long."

As he spoke Ghupta pulled his cock from my wife's pussy, but his fingers still
moved in her arse, thrusting and twisting at a steady rate that Jean seemed to
be loving. Then he stopped moving his hand with his fingers halfway out of her,
for a while Jean just lay there then, to my amazement, she pushed her buttocks
up to take his fingers into her arse. With a chuckle Ghupta let Jean fuck his
fingers for a while, her body humping up and down to slide his fingers in her
arse, it was Jean doing the fucking not Ghupta! Before long her motions started
to speed up and grow more forceful and this seemed to be what Ghupta was waiting
for, he removed his fingers from Jean's arse and nodded to Errol who reached
forward to take my wife's wrist in his hands. I was confused by Errol's actions
as he pulled Jean towards him by the arms, but then I saw Ghupta pressing his
cock to Jean's arse; with one hand he guided his cock, with the other he spread
Jean's cheeks apart and suddenly Jean seemed to realise what was about to
happen. It was at that point that Errol's actions explained themselves, as Jean
struggled to move away he held her body flat to the table, at the same time
Ghupta pushed forward firmly and I saw his cap pressing Jean's suddenly taught
anal ring inwards. Jean's legs kicked and thrashed on either side of Ghupta's
body, but between Errol's grasp and Ghupta's body she could gain no purchase to
escape; as though pleased by her reaction Ghupta laughed and pushed forward more
forcefully. For a long moment Jean's arse denied him entry, but Ghupta had the
advantage and his cap suddenly burst past the resistance of her anal ring;
pouring oil down the shaft of his cock Ghupta kept pushing forward, both of his
hands pushing down on and spreading her buttocks wide. I winced as Jean let out
a loud howl of pain, she began to sob as the man's cock started to push further
into her and her whole body seemed to thrash and writhe, only Errol's powerful
hands and Ghupta's hands and cock kept her on the table. As his cock sank
further into her back passage Ghupta continued to dribble oil down the shaft, he
laughed when Jean tried to arch her body away from him, her head thrashing from
side to side making her hair splay outwards in a halo.

Ghupta's laughter was echoed by others around the room while I stood there
feeling powerless and thrilled to the point of almost creaming my pants!
Gradually he worked his cock deeper and deeper while Jean screeched out her pain
and humiliation, but after a while her cries seemed to change until by the time
his cock was buried to the full length of his eleven inches she was barely
audible. I had expected Ghupta to start fucking her arse once he had achieved
entry, but instead he remained still, a full minute passed and then he slowly
moved his cock backwards sliding out of Jean's arse until only the cap remained
embedded in her. In response Jean groaned in pain, her earlier thrashing was now
diminished to weak movements and at this Errol released his hold on her wrists
and moved away from the table altogether. Feeling her wrists released Jean tried
to pull herself across the table, but Ghupta grasped her by the waist and pulled
her back to him while at the same time pushing his hips forward, she sobbed as
his cock sank back into her arse. As he pulled back again Jean pushed her upper
body off the table perhaps thinking that changing the angle she was at would
somehow force the man from her arse, if that was her intent it did not work;
still holding her waist Ghupta pushed forward again and Jean's head hung down as
she gave a low cry. He pulled back once again and poured more oil down his shaft
before pushing forwards making Jean groan in response, with slow sure motions
Ghupta started to fuck Jean's arse in earnest and gradually I noted a change in
the tone of her moans and groans. At first I thought I was imagining it, but
soon I was positive that her groans of pain were becoming tinged with pleasure,
Ghupta obviously thought so because he started to move a little faster in her
arse. Soon there was no doubt at all that Jean was beginning to enjoy the
motions of the man's cock in her back passage, I could no longer hear anything
but pleasure in her groans, small gasps started to escape her and her body began
to tremble as it always did when she drew near to a climax.

Just as he had done when fingering her arse Ghupta suddenly stopped moving with
half his cock still outside her body, unlike before Jean did not hesitate, her
lower body humped up from the table to swallow the rest of his cock in her arse.
The other people in the room started clapping as though Ghupta were a virtuoso
conductor at a concert, laughing and grinning he inclined his head while Jean
continued to fuck him with her arse. I felt as though I were in a dream as I
watched my wife buggering herself on this strangers oversized cock, if it was a
dream it was a wet dream. The man let Jean continue to do all the work for a
number of minutes, then he started to move again; pushing her flat to the table
and holding her down with a hand between her shoulder blades Ghupta started to
thrust into her vigorously. In an instant Jean shot to a climax, her body almost
jerking from the table top despite the pressure of the hand holding her down. He
seemed to keep this pace up for ages apparently taking delight in the gradual
weakening of Jean's movements and the lowering volume of her cries, and then he
tensed. Pulling back almost to the point of withdrawal Ghupta moved his hand
from her back to grasp her waist and gave a mighty thrust that moved not only
Jean but the table she lay on. Jean gave a shuddering cry of sheer pleasure, her
upper body arched backwards until I thought her spine would snap and her legs
straightened in one snap. I heard Ghupta give a low groan then his body quivered
and I knew that he was filling my wife's back passage with his seed. The two of
them held this pleasure tensed tableau for long moments before Jean collapsed
back to the table and her legs fell limply to the floor, as she collapsed Ghupta
started to move again, but after only a few strokes he pulled out of Jean's
arse.

My wife lay shuddering on the table top while Ghupta moved away from her to
rejoin his card companions, this seemed to be the signal for the rest of the
guests to carry on the night's festivities. While Jean lay semi- senseless on
the table top the other guests either drifted back to the main room or drew
closer to the table. The man Walter leant over Jean and said something in her
ear, whatever it was stirred her into motion albeit slowly and weakly, sliding
off the table she stood on unsteady legs and almost staggered away from the
table. To my astonishment the group of five sat back around the table as soon as
Jean had vacated it and began to play cards again!

Tearing my eyes away from them I followed Jean as she slowly walked across the
study towards the main room, about two thirds of the way across the room she
came to a group of three men that were in discussion, as she went to pass them
one of the men made a comment to her. Dropping to her knees in front of this man
Jean opened his trousers and took out his cock, without hesitation she took him
in her mouth and thrust all the way down on him while he carried on his
conversation as though nothing were happening. As I moved closer to the group
Jean started to slide her mouth and throat on the man's cock, for a while Jean
moved her head up and down on his cock, but then he put a hand to the back of
her head and pushed her mouth right down to his groin; at the same time one of
the other men in the group told her to stand up. Keeping the cock buried in her
throat Jean struggled to her feet, as soon as she had reached a position that
satisfied him the second man opened his trousers, took his erect cock out and
thrust it into her pussy, he fucked her steadily while his companion held his
cock buried in her throat. Some time later the man in her throat stiffened and I
saw Jean swallowing, shortly after that the man fucking her climaxed as well,
both of them pulled away from Jean and went back to their conversation totally
ignoring her presence while the third man first got her to suck his cock into
her throat, then turned her around and fucked her arse until he climaxed. Like
his companions he pulled away from Jean and ignored her completely,
straightening she continued on her way towards the main room with me a few steps
behind her.

And that was the pattern for the rest of the night, Jean walked around the main
room naked but for her stockings and her dress bunched around her waist. As she
passed the guests would either reach out and pull her to them or signal her to
come to them, they would use her mouth or pussy or arse then act as though she
wasn't even there. They treated Jean worse than a cheap street whore and I felt
anger at this treatment of her, but I also found it electrifyingly exciting
watching my beautiful wife being fucked by these strangers. Even Wellswood took
his turn with her, more than a turn, the first time he had her suck him off then
sent her on her way again; a little latter he fucked her pussy with powerful
thrusts that almost lifted Jean's feet from the floor; the third time he took
her in the arse, his thrusts just as powerful as when he'd taken her in the
pussy. Nor was he the only one to sample her more than once or in more than one
way, but gradually the night drew to an end as the guests started to slowly
drift away until by three in the morning it seemed that all the guests had gone
home. By this time Jean was totally exhausted, I had no idea how she had managed
to keep to her feet let alone move around the room to continue to service the
guests as it pleased them.

"Well done my dear." Wellswood grinned at Jean who stood panting and limp, "That
contract is almost yours."

"Now look here Wellswood," I fumed, "the deal was that Jean would keep your
guests 'entertained' until the party was over. The party looks over to me."

He grinned as though having some secret knowledge I was not party to, then he
turned and headed towards the study, we had little choice but to follow him. I
went to support my exhausted wife, but Wellswood looked over his shoulder at me
and shook his head.

"No touching, remember." He said as we entered the study.

Jean's eyes went wide while my mouth went dry, sitting at the card table were
Ghupta and Errol, thankfully their other companions were absent. My wife's
shoulders slumped even lower, nevertheless she moved towards the table behind
Wellswood and I followed like a meek little lamb.

"These gentlemen wanted to say a special goodbye to you my dear." Wellswood
smirked, "Your contract is sitting on the hall table, it's signed and commences
in one week. It's yours once my friends have decided they have finished with
you. Have fun my dear." Then he looked at me, "Mark you had best get
comfortable, this could take a while."

On that note Wellswood walked from the room, I watched him leave with murder in
my heart. Looking back to the two men and my wife I decided to take Wellswoods'
advise and went to sit in a chair at the table. As I sat down the two men stood
up, they obviously had made up their minds that I was going to have a grandstand
view of their finale with Jean because they moved to a point mere feet from
where I sat and signalled Jean to join them. Meekly she moved to stand between
the two men, neither man spoke as they reached out and began to maul her body
with their hands; together they almost crushed her breasts, pulled at her
nipples until they were stretched inches from her body and she cried out with
pain. Both men fingered her pussy at the same time, stretching it in a way that
Jean's winces told me was painful to her, then Ghupta moved his hands from her
pussy and pushed four of his fingers into her arse at the same time Errol was
doing the same to her pussy. As though they had practised for years together
Ghupta and Errol moved their fingers in Jean's body in a counterpoint, nor were
their motions slow or gentle. Errol was thrusting so hard into her pussy that I
thought at one point that his whole hand would be forced into her, perhaps that
was even his intent, if it was he failed in the attempt, but only by a narrow
margin; meanwhile Ghupta was thrusting and twisting his fingers in Jean's arse.
I shouldn't have been surprised by anything after the events of the night, but I
was certainly surprised when after a few minutes of this treatment Jean surged
to a powerful orgasm, apart from anything else I had not expected her to have
the strength left to climax so hard.

The pair continued to finger her front and back passages for a few minutes while
Jean shook and juddered between them. When they stopped and pulled their fingers
from her body Jean looked at them with dazed eyes, Errol pointed at his groin
and Jean reached out to take his cock out of his trousers, he then pointed at
her mouth and Jean went to sink to her knees in front of him. Before she had
dipped more than a few inches Ghupta had grasped her waist and, with the firm
pressure of a hand on her back, bent her forwards from the waist. Bending over
Jean took Errol's cock in her mouth, as she sank down on it Errol put his hands
to the sides of her head and stopped her movement once she had taken two thirds
of him into her mouth, a good part of his hard flesh was in her throat. Then
Ghupta moved closer to Jean, reaching around her body he took hold of her hands
and pulled them backwards until they rested on her buttocks; pressing her hands
tight to her cheeks he then moved her hands outwards, releasing her hands he
watched in satisfaction as she continued the movement that spread her cheeks
wide. Next Ghupta pressed his cock to Jean's anus, unlike his taking of her anal
virginity there was little resistance to his entry and when he had the cap in
her arse he stopped.

For a few minutes the two men remained still with Jean impaled between them,
then Ghupta looked over her back at Errol and nodded, grinning Errol released
his hold on Jean's head and pulled his cock back until it was all but out of her
mouth. Then, with an animalistic grunt he reversed his course burying the full
length of his cock in my wife's throat in one single thrust that drove her back
onto the full length of Ghupta's mighty cock. Jean gave a muffled gurgling
squeal then shook in climax as both men pulled back from her. Once again Errol
pulled almost all the way out of her mouth then thrust into her and thus drove
her back onto Ghupta's cock, it was the most amazing thing I'd seen so far that
night, it was as though Errol were making Jean fuck Ghupta by fucking her mouth.
The two men seemed to be tireless in their pounding of Jean's mouth and arse,
for ages Errol drove Jean back onto Ghupta's cock, then suddenly he became still
and it was Ghupta that thrust into Jean's arse driving her mouth and throat onto
Errol's cock. Twice more they reversed roles before eventually pulling their
cocks from Jean to take up new positions.

Up to that point I had thought that I could get no more excited without cumming,
but astonishingly my cock grew even harder and my balls even tighter at the
sight of this strange technique of double fucking. After all the events of that
night it was staggering to me that I had not cum once and though I was becoming
more aroused than at any point that night it was without the release of a
climax, the sensation was actually beginning to get painful.

Entranced I watched as Errol sat on the floor, his cock thrusting proudly out of
his flies, reaching up he turned Jean so that her back was to him then pulled
her down to him. Jean sank into a crouch until she felt his cock touch her skin
at which point she reached under her body, grasped Errol's cock and held it
still while she lowered her pussy onto it. Almost immediately Jean began
bouncing up and down on his black shaft, groaning and sighing with the pleasure
this was so obviously giving her, but then Ghupta moved to stand in front of
her; his huge cock standing proudly in front of her face. Despite where that
cock had just been Jean reached up and took it into her mouth, her head bent
back to give easier access to her throat, nor was Ghupta slow to take advantage
of this position. Almost lifting his feet off the ground he drove his eleven
inches of hard flesh into Jean's throat until her lips were crushed against his
groin, his action drove her down onto Errol and his cock pushed even deeper into
her pussy. I was certain that he had entered her womb and felt a shiver of
excitement at the thought of his black cock shooting off directly into my wife's
womb.

Once again they seemed tireless, with cruelly strong thrusts Ghupta fucked Jeans
mouth and throat and I felt certain that her throat would be sore and bruised
after all it had been forced to take that night. As for Errol he had begun to
thrust up into her pussy each time Ghupta plunged downwards and between the two
of them it didn't take long for Jean to hit an orgasm peak that did not fade or
dim. Unbelievably neither man spoke a word to each other or to Jean, their only
sounds were small sighs of pleasure and the occasional grunt, however my wife
more than made up for their lack of noise; her loud groans, moans and cries,
muffled though they were by the cock filling her throat, dispelled the silence
of the room. They also drowned out the sound of my own ragged, excited breathing
for which I was grateful, it would have been mortifying to me for Jean to have
heard how aroused her being abused made me.

Still without climaxing the pair withdrew from Jean who had simply fallen
forwards off Errol's cock as soon as Ghupta had taken his mighty tool from her
mouth. I remember thinking at that point that they surely couldn't do much more
to Jean, that they had to cum sooner or later, but I seemed to be the only one
that thought this. Watching the two men switch positions I saw Errol driving
down into Jeans mouth, which forced her even harder down on Ghupta's cock that
lay wholly buried within her pussy; on and on they pounded while Jean's muffled
cries grew ever weaker and her shudders of orgasmic bliss sank to weak trembles.
Only when she was at last hanging almost silent and limp between them did the
two men move away from her, as they stood up Jean crouched on her hands and
knees, her breathing coming in great ragged gulps of air, her head hanging
limply between her shoulders. She'd barely had a few moments to recover before
the pair were using her yet again, this time Ghupta sat on the floor and pulled
Jean down onto his cock, only it wasn't her pussy he sank it into. Before she
had sunk more than a few inches on Ghupta's pole Errol took hold of Jean's
ankles and pulled her legs from under her, she squealed as her own body weight
drove her down on Ghupta's cock. Reaching round her body Ghupta lay back puling
Jean with him, his hands locked to her breasts, his cock buried in her arse.
Errol knelt between her legs and forced his cock into her pussy with one thrust,
once again I watched what seemed to be well practised movements as they fucked
her pussy and arse in counterpoint.

This was their final position and with cruel strokes they drove themselves to
climax without regard to the body they were fucking, Jean was so far gone in
bliss and exhaustion that all she could do was flop limply to their thrusts,
their motions shaking and shuddering her body violently. It was Errol that came
first, and with a grunt he pushed forward so hard that he crushed Jeans pussy
lips so forcefully that I just knew that she would be bruised. Moments later
Ghupta did the same in Jean's arse, he groaned as his body quivered in climax,
on top of her Errol was trembling as his hips jerked with each spurt of juices
he shot into her depths. Doubly impaled and filled with juices Jean gave a
strangled cry and literally passed out, the only thing that surprised me about
this was that it hadn't happened before this time. Both men remained still until
Jean regained her senses somewhat, then Errol rose and presented his glistening
cock to Jean for cleaning, her sucking it to the root and cleaning it of their
mingles juices was the penultimate act of the night. The final act came when
Ghupta pushed her off him, stood and presented his filthy cock to her for
cleaning, nor did Jean hesitate to suck him down her throat and keep him there
until his cock was totally cleaned.

Throughout all this the two men had said nothing, they had taken Jean brutally
together without having removed a stitch of clothing and now they stuffed their
cocks back into their trousers, did up their flies, nodded a farewell to me and
walked out of the room leaving Jean a quivering heap on the floor. For some
minutes I sat staring at my wife fighting the urge to continue her abuse by
taking her myself, but I could clearly see that she'd had more than enough for
one night no matter how desperate my need was I couldn't take her like this.
Eventually I forced myself out of my chair and went to my wife, as I reached out
to help her to her feet she pulled away from me.

"Don't touch me ...!" Jean snapped at me, part of her comment was lost to the
sudden buzzing in my ears.

Numbly I stood back and let her struggle to her feet by herself, even though we
were alone Jean left her dress bunched around her waist as she headed towards
the hallway. Sure enough the contract that Jean had gone through so much for was
on the hall table along with two video tapes; I picked up the contract and read
it, relieved to note that it had been both signed and witnessed and that the
contract value was almost double the figure I had been negotiating for. As for
the tapes I had no doubt what they contained, nor was I foolish enough to
believe that they were the only copies, thankfully my wife was too tired to
notice that I had more than the promised contract in my hands. With tottering
steps Jean headed for the door and only once that door was closed behind us did
she untie the halter strings and adjust her dress to some semblance of order.
Our car was parked at the foot of the stairs with the keys in it, I lost no time
in getting the engine going while Jean collapsed into the passenger seat.

*******************************************

When we got home I made no effort to help my wife inside, her sharp 'Don't touch
me' had chilled me to the core and I reluctantly maintained my distance from
her. The thought running through my mind was that somehow she had sensed my
arousal at her abuse and was disgusted with me. Yet I was puzzled by the look of
almost despair she seemed to give me as I let her stagger her way indoors
unaided. Inside we headed straight upstairs to our room, Jean quickly discarded
her stained clothing and headed for the bathroom without saying a single word to
me. Upset yet desperate for relief I headed to the spare room where I gave
myself the relief I desperately needed the only way I could since Jean had
apparently shut me out, by hand. It took ages to finally achieve a climax and it
left me so drained that I just didn't have the energy to return to our room,
nor, if the truth be known, could I face being rejected by my wife again. Filled
with guilt and sorrow I lay back on the spare bed, still fully clothed and fell
into a restless slumber filled with dreams of the nights' events. Only in these
dreams all the men that were abusing Jean had my face.

I woke to feel my pants sticking to me, there was no mystery in this, my dreams
had made me cum copiously, and my dried sperm had bonded my pants to my skin.
Almost dreading what would greet me I went to our bedroom, as I entered I could
hear the steady sound of my wife's breathing and realised that she was still
asleep. Grateful for small mercies I quickly striped off my soiled clothing,
grabbed some fresh clothes from my cupboards and headed to the bathroom to
shower. The flow of water may have washed away the grime from my body, but my
guilt was not so easily removed no matter how hard I rubbed at my skin. When I
left the bathroom I was torn between checking on Jean and avoiding her likely
rejection of me, I guess I was a coward because I chose to slip downstairs to
make myself a drink.

As I passed through the hall I saw the contract lying on the hall stand where I
had left it when we had got in, under it were the two tapes and I felt my heart
thumping at the thought of how Jean would react when she discovered this
evidence of her actions of that night. Taking the tapes and the contract I
headed for the living room, the contract I placed on the coffee table; looking
at the tapes I wondered where I could hide them, the spare room seemed to be the
best option and I made my way back upstairs. When I left the spare room for the
second time that morning it was to the sound of movement from our bedroom, when
I peeked in I saw that Jean was awake, but barely able to move.

"You stay in bed," I said from the doorway, "I'll get you some breakfast."

Making the breakfast gave me enough time to screw up the courage to go near my
wife, though I dreaded how she would react. When I took the tray to her Jean
struggled to sit up, the covers falling from her upper body to reveal that she
had not worn a nightdress; more, I could clearly see bruises starting to form
all over her arms, shoulders, waist, breasts and even on her chin. Jean took the
breakfast tray from me without a word while I stood there looking at her abused
body knowing that the bruising could only come from the fingers that had dug
into her flesh while she was being fucked by all and sundry. As though with a
life of it's own my cock swelled towards erection at the knowledge of how she
had got her bruises, I felt my face flush guiltily and rushed from the room
before Jean spotted the bulge in my trousers, I had no desire to add to her
disgust with me. As I got to the door Jean spoke, her voice low and rasping, her
throat obviously bruised from the abuse it had taken.

"The contract?" she croaked out.

"It's downstairs." I replied avoiding her eyes, "Eat your breakfast and get some
rest, I've got a couple of things I need to do, but I'll check on you later."

I almost fled from the room even though all I really wanted to do was to hold my
wife I could not face the accusing looks I expected her to give me. Nor could I
face another sharp 'don't touch me' from her, those three words and the tone of
voice they had been delivered in still haunted me.

That was the start of the worst three weeks of our marriage, for the first three
days Jean lay in bed as while her emerging bruises made her stiff and sore,
during those days I would attend to her needs, but I couldn't meet her eyes, nor
could I stay with her for long, my own feelings of guilt drove me from the
bedroom. That first night I moved into the spare room, my excuse being that my
being in the bed with her could be painful for her if I rolled over in the
night, even to me it sounded a feeble excuse. On the fourth day Jean got out of
bed, though the stiff way she move told me that her body still ached; now that
she was not confined to the bedroom I sought escape by going to work, not that
there was much to do there, but it was the only way I could avoid Jean. Not that
I was idle all the time I was at the office, I spent some of the time setting up
the orders and deliveries to fulfil that damned contract with Wellswood, but
most of the time I sat staring at a blank wall remembering the things that had
been done to my wife and getting erections that literally ached until I wanked
to relieve the pressure. Of course this merely added to my guilt feelings.

As the days stretched into a week a sort of tense silence filled the house,
alone in the spare room at night I would wank to thoughts of taking Jean the way
the men at the party had taken her, my dreams were filled with using her body as
they had and every morning saw a new sticky wet patch on the sheets. During the
days I would hide in the office, but even there I was unable to escape the
arousing thoughts or the guilt that filled me even as I had them.

The second week saw Jean well on the way to recovery physically, from time to
time I noticed her about to speak and would escape before she could berate me
for my excitement at her abuse. During that week I rarely saw my wife and
towards the later part of the week I was almost relieved to find that she would
be in the bedroom before I got back. Alone in the office I would have moments of
anger, raging in impotent fury I would curse Wellswood and my own weakness in
letting Jean agree to his terms, our business may well have been saved, but our
marriage was falling apart around me and I dreaded the inevitable point when
Jean would ask me to leave our home. More than once I tried to pluck up the
courage to talk to her, to apologise for becoming so aroused by what had
happened to her, but my courage came from a bottle and by the time I had drunk
enough 'brave' I was too pissed to leave the office.

It was at the end of the third week that the event I was dreading occurred, Jean
confronted me. She caught me as I slipped in after midnight, appearing as though
from nowhere in the darkness of the hall she blocked my path to the stairs.

"Mark, we need to talk." She said quietly.

"It's late," I muttered lamely, "can't this wait until morning?"

"And have you sneaking out of the house before I wake," she replied flatly, "we
can't avoid this any longer Mark."

Nodding I followed her into the living room, blinking as she turned on the light
I headed straight for the drinks cabinet, there was no way I could face what was
to come without a drink. A moment later I turned to face the music, unable to
look Jean in the face I stared at the bottom of my glass, clearing my throat I
started to try to explain the excitement I had felt that night, even though I
didn't understand it myself. Jean never gave me the chance to speak, suddenly
she was standing inches away from me, I couldn't help but look at her face in
surprise, what I saw surprised me even more; tears flowed freely from her eyes.

"Mark," she was sobbing, "I can't bear this any longer, please Mark, please
don't reject me this way. I understand that you hate me for letting all those
men use me, but I thought ... oh God ... I thought if I could get through that
night we could save everything we have, but none of it is worth anything if you
leave me."

I stared at her in disbelief, for three weeks I had believed that it was she
that was disgusted with me because I had been so aroused to see her used by all
those men, my own guilt had torn me apart. Now Jean was telling me that she
thought that I was rejecting her; could all my fears have been so groundless?
Then I remembered how she had snapped at me not to touch her.

"Mark?" she sobbed softly.

"That night ... you ..." I faltered then tried again, "Jean when I went to help
you ... the way you told me not to touch you ... I thought you ..." I felt my
mouth go try as I forced the words out, "that you were rejecting me ... that you
had seen how turned on the things they did to you made me. And I was afraid ...
afraid that I couldn't satisfy you the way they did."

This time it was Jean that stared in disbelief, her eyes had gone wide as I had
talked until it seemed they would bulge from their sockets.

"You thought I ..." she almost whispered, "Oh Mark, never, I could never reject
you! The way I spoke, I had to stop you, we were still in his house, I was
afraid that if you touched me it would all have been for nothing." Then she
blinked and went on, "Is that why you didn't help me after that?"

"Yes," I sighed looking at the floor, "I thought you didn't want me to ..."

"Oh Mark, no, no." She said firmly, "I dearly wanted nothing more than for you
to hold me."

I was dumbstruck at her words as I realised what a fool I had been all this
time.

"As for the rest," she said with a shake of her head, "I don't blame you for
being turned on, you'd have had to be inhuman not to have got some thrill out of
seeing a woman being fucked that way, even if that woman was your wife. I
thought you were angry because of my climaxing with them and ... and for letting
them do things I had always denied you."

"I was angry for a while," I admitted with a sigh, "not about you climaxing,
that was inevitable with so many of them playing with your body, but seeing you
do things ... well I felt angry and inadequate."

"Inadequate?" she frowned.

"That I didn't excite you enough to want to try new things with me," I
explained, "stupid of me I know, but that was how I felt at the time."

We looked at each other then burst out laughing, partly from the humour in the
whole situation, but mostly from sheer relief. Putting my glass down I took Jean
in my arms and held her tight, silently I vowed never again to stay quiet if I
had a concern, my silence had almost destroyed the thing most precious to me,
our marriage. For the rest of that night we talked as we had never done before,
the sun was just rising when we finally went upstairs to our bedroom and climbed
into bed together. Tired though we were we made passionate love together then
fell asleep cradled in each other's arms.

*******************************************

Three years on we had everything we had ever dreamed of, the Wellswood contract
and the contracts we received from others who had been there that night not only
got us out of debt, they made us a booming company. Other contracts came in,
ones not associated with Wellswood or his circle, until we reached a point where
we could tell Wellswood and his friends just where to go, there was a great deal
of satisfaction in that for both of us. Yet in a way I suppose I owed Wellswood
a little gratitude, from the night Jean and I found out how foolish we had been
she denied me nothing in the area of sex, Jean's reasoning was that if she'd let
strangers fuck the shit out of her how can she deny me the same pleasure. And
let me tell you, it was a pleasure!

As for the tapes of that night, we still have our copies, I told Jean about them
and we watched them the once a couple of days later, but just the once; though
we both got turned on by what was on the tapes we preferred to put that night
behind us.

And there you have it, how we achieved our success.

End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Scorpio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





