BDSM Library - Our New Toy




Our New Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nancy and her boyfriend train a sub called Patsy.
If you don't like sex stories, don't read it.
If you don't like stories about sex with underage children, don't read it.
If you don't like stories bout forced sex, don't read it.
If you are below the arbitrary age set for your area, don't read it.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.

Find my stories here-
http://www.asstr.org/ftp/pub/Authors/normdeploom/

Copyright (c) 2001 Norm DePloom.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice
attached.  The author may be contacted at 'MyStories at normdeploom dot com'

All the characters and events in this story are fictional; any resemblance to
real people or events is entirely coincidental.




Our New Toy
Part 01
By
Norm DePloom
normdeploom@hotmail.com

Nancy road in silence as I drove home.

"What's on your mind?" I asked reaching over and giving her knee a squeeze.
She smiled and chuckled.

"I was just thinking about Patsy."  She replied scooting over closer to me.

"She turned out to have quite a body on her didn't she?" I asked letting my
hand wander up from Nancy's knee to her inner thigh.

"I'm not really surprised by her figure."  Nancy relaxed her legs and
welcomed my hand.  "I was thinking more about the way you and Greg took off
her bathing suit."  It was my turn to chuckle.

Nancy and I had spent the warm spring afternoon skinny-dipping at a secluded
bend in the river with a group of our friends.  Since we were married and in
college we became the official 'adult supervision' for trips to the river
made up of mostly younger friends who were still in high school.

The incident Nancy was referring to happened shortly after we had arrived at
our favorite 'swimming hole' on the river.  By the time Patsy had removed
her ultra modest outer clothing to reveal her extremely modest two-piece
bathing suit the rest of us were frolicking in the water, buck-naked.
Despite the cajoling and please of the entire group she refused to take off
her bathing suite.

I smiled and my cock began to harden as I remembered Greg and I walking over
to where she was wading in knee-deep water.  Without asking her permission,
or giving her a chance to protest, we removed her bathing suite.  To our
great surprise she did not try to stop us, or fight us off.

Her only reaction was to blush, and try to cover herself with her hands.
And what a blush it was, she turned red clear down to the tops of her
exposed breasts.  Greg and I confiscated her bathing suite, and her cloths,
just to make sure she did not put them back on.  We probably did not need
to.  Even thought she spent the entire afternoon blushing and trying to hide
parts of her self, she did not ask for her clothes back, nor make any
protest about the way she was being treated.

"I can tell you were impressed with her figure." Nancy committed giving my
rapidly hardening cock a squeeze.

"Non of the males could take their eyes off her." I said in my own defense.

"Nor could half the females." Nancy conceded as she spread her legs and
allowed my fingers to push the crotch of her bathing suite aside.  "I think
she just might be the one."

"What do you mean?" I asked giving her a quick quizzical look while my
fingers explored the moist warmth of her exposed cunt.

"Oh come on know." Nancy looked at me with amazement. "Exactly what have we
spent almost every waking minute of the last three months talking about?"
The light came on like somebody turning up a dimmer instead of throwing a
swithch.

"Oh, that." Nancy shook her head in disbelieve then scooted down and,
leaning her head back on the headrest with her eyes closed, spread her legs
even further.  Nancy was always horny after an afternoon of skinny-dipping
at the river.

"How would she be perfect?" I asked as my fingers explored deeper into
Nancy's welcoming cunt. "She's almost painfully shy.  She' very religious,
goes to church with her parents every Sunday."

"Oooh, yes.  Don't stop."  Nancy began to rock her hips in time with my
fingers.  "That's what makes her perfect."  She pushed the leg of my
swimsuit aside and began to stroke my bare cock.

"From what I saw this afternoon I'm convinced that if we just act dominate
towards her she'll end up going along with whatever we want." Nancy
continued. " As long as we just do it and not ask her, or allow her protests
to stop us.  Can't you just imagine her standing in front of us naked and
blushing clear down to her nipples as we have her do things she knows are
wrong."  My cock twitched in Nancy's hand "Yes I see that you can imagine
it." She chuckled.

"I wonder if she's a virgin?"

"Oooh god, yes dear, right there.  God you know how to touch me.  Yes she is
a virgin."  Nancy opened her eyes and grinned at me.  "Don't worry sweet
heart, you can be her first."  She laid her head back on the headrest and
closed her eyes again.  "Oh god."  Nancy's hips began to convulse pushing
her cunt hard against my hand.  "And she can be my first." She finished as
her orgasm swept her away.

Once we got home we spent the rest of the night discussing how we would take
control of Patsy, and what we would do to her, and force her to do once we
had that control.  Our plotting was constantly interrupted by our mutual
need to fuck each other silly.

We put our plans into operation the following afternoon.  The next day was
Saturday and we had already invited Patsy over for lunch and a movie.  Patsy
lived near by and was one of the few people who had a key to our apartment
so she let herself in.  Nancy and I were setting at the dining room table
reading.

"No, no, this just won't do."  Nancy said standing up and walking across the
room to Patsy.

"What are you doing?" Patsy asked displaying considerable distress as Nancy,
without explanation, began unbuttoning Patsy's blouse.

"You just be quite..." Nancy instructed.  After pulling Patsy's blouse down
her arms Nancy unfastened Patsy's bra and pulled it off. "...and wait here
while I get you something more appropriate to wear." Nancy finished as she
left the room carrying Patsy's blouse and bra, leaving Patsy standing in
front of me, bare from the waist up.  I stared at her fine breasts admiring
both her hardening nipples and her blush, which seemed to extend clear down
to the waistband of her skirt.

"You have quite beautiful breasts." I said in a matter-of-fact tone.  Her
blush intensified to the point where she was almost glowing.  Patsy lifted
her arms to cover herself.

"No." I commanded loudly.  Patsy stared at me in confusion, but lowered her
arms again.

"Wh-what are you d-doing to me." She asked, her eyes cast down to the floor
so she would not have to see me staring at her.

"We just want to make sure you're dressed properly for the occasion." I
answered, standing up and walking around her.

"Please, don't look at me." Patsy begged, still not looking up from the
floor.  Her whole upper body and face glowed with her embarrassment.  Her
nipples were crinkled and hard, and my cock grew noticeably in my trousers.
I stopped facing her only a foot or two in front of her.

"Why shouldn't I look at you?" I asked not taking my eyes from her.  "I
looked at your naked body yesterday."  Patsy's whole body trembled like a
small, frightened animal caught in a car's headlights.

"Th-that w-was dif-different" She stuttered as she started to raise her arms
and cover her breasts once again.

"It was different because you were traipsing around in front of everybody
naked?"  I asked her as I reached out and took her by the wrists stopping
her from covering herself.  She whimpered as I forced her arms back down to
her sides.

"No." she said so low I could hardly hear her.  "That's not why it was
different."  I looked over Patsy's bare shoulder and smiled at Nancy who had
been in the room several minutes watching my interaction with Patsy.  Nancy
moved around to where Patsy could see her.

"Now, Now," Nancy said sympathetically wiping the tears from Patsy's cheeks.
"You have very beautiful breasts Patsy..." Nancy continued to talk as she
helped patsy into the blouse she had picked out for her.  "..and we have to
make sure that we can see and enjoy them." Nancy 'accidentally' brushed her
hands across Patsy's nipples several times while she helped her put on the
blouse, Nancy buttoned the blouse for Patsy stopping with the button just
below her breasts.

"Now..." Nancy finished up turning Patsy around so she could see herself in
the mirror. "...isn't that much better."  The blouse Nancy had selected was
of thin clingy see-through material that appeared to be not much more than
wisps of smoke clinging to Patsy's breasts.  The effect was more sexual,
more obscene than having her breasts naked.  New tears began to flow down
Patsy's cheeks as she looked at herself in the mirror.

"Please..." She begged burying her head against Nancy's shoulder.  "...I
can't go out in public wearing this."  I could tell from Nancy's smile that
she was just as pleased as I that Patsy was begging us not to make her wear
the blouse, not refusing to wear it.

"Oh, but Patsy, you must wear it."  Patsy looked at her in confusion.  "How
else could we enjoy looking at your gorgeous tits."  Patsy's blush returned,
visible on her face, down her neck, and even through the blouse spreading
across her breasts.

"Not to mention you outstanding nipples." I added as we turned Patsy and,
one of us holding onto each of her arms walked her toward the door.

Once outside we walked, rather strolled, slowly past the swimming pool where
all the 'young studs' hanging out there could get a good eyeful of Patsy's
breasts.  Patsy's blush just continued growing brighter and spreading over
more of her body.

One of the topics Nancy and I had discussed the night before was Patsy's
ability to blush so spectacularly.  We did not want to 'blow her blush fuse'
and ruin her ability to put on such a great display of shame and
humiliation.

When we got to the car I opened the passenger side door for Nancy, as I
always did.

"You sit in the middle." Nancy said to Patsy, then we both waited patiently
as she climbed into the car. Nancy followed her in then I, after closing her
door walked around the car and climbed in on the driver's side.  As I pulled
into traffic heading for the restaurant were we were going to eat lunch
Nancy and I both let our hands rest casually on Patsy' thighs.  Despite her
crying and begging I could feel the heat of sexual excitement radiating from
her crotch an inch or two away from my wrist.

"Please..." Patsy asked, without much convection, placing a hand on each of
our wrists. "...don't touch me there."  Nancy removed her left hand from
Patsy's thigh, turned toward Patsy then after putting her left arm around
Patsy's shoulders so the fingers of her left hand almost touched Patsy's
left nipple, put her right hand back on Patsy's thigh even closer to her
crotch.

"You know, Patsy, there is something I forgot about back at the apartment."
Patsy was obviously afraid to ask what Nancy had forgotten. "We really need
to have you take off your panties."  Patsy's mouth opened and closed several
times before she managed to speak.

"Oh god, I can't take my panties off." Was all she said.

"Of course you can." Nancy spoke softly into her ear.  "All you have to do
is raise that cute little butt of yours and pull your panties off."  I
removed my hand from her thigh to encourage her obedience.

"I can't." Patsy repeated. "I just can't.  I can't and I wont." Patsy
repeated stubbornly.  Nancy took hold of Patsy's chin and turned her face.

"You can, and you will." Nancy said with her face only an inch from Patsy's.
They stared into each other's eyes until Patsy gave in.  Her shoulder's
wilted, then Patsy lifted her butt off the seat and, hooking her thumbs
under the waist band of her panties pulled them down her thighs to he knees.
When Patsy lifted her butt from the seat to her left breast came into
contact with Nancy's hand.  Tears were flowing once more down her cheeks,
her lips were trembling and she was beginning to sob.

"Why are you making me do this?"  She asked us between sobs.

"Because we want to." Nancy answered as she used her right hand to help
Patsy pull her panties the rest of the way off.

"What's this?"  Nancy asked as she held the crotch of Patsy's panties right
under Patsy's nose.  "Your panties are damp.  All this 'No, no, no I can't
do this' and your getting turned on all the while."  She handed me the
panties.  "Your really enjoying this aren't you."

"No I'm not." Patsy almost shouted through her sobs.  This was all new to
Patsy.  I was sure that Patsy had never heard of 'BDSM' before, nor, I was
sure, did she know the meaning of the initials 'BD', 'DS' or 'SM'.  I was
also sure that the concepts themselves were only known to Patsy in her most
private fantasies.  The ones she had late at night on those evenings when
she couldn't resist the temptation to touch herself 'down there' before
drifting off to a shame filled sleep.

I almost laughed at the shocked expression on Patsy's face when she saw
first me raise the damp crotch of her panties to my nose and inhale deeply,
then place a small portion of it in my mouth to taste her.

"Yummy," I said removing her panties from my mouth, "you smell and taste
wonderful."  I think Patsy broke the blush meter on that one.  She turned
bright red as far down her body as we could see, and the warmth radiating
from he body was almost enough to counter the air conditioning.

"In fact..." I sniffed the air experimentally a couple of time. "...I can
smell your cunt from here."  Another record setting blush followed
immediately.  I'm sure Patsy had never heard her own vagina being referred
to as a 'cunt' before.

"Well, I'm pretty hot myself." Nancy chimed in.  "Are you sure its Patsy
you're smelling?"  I sniffed the air a few more times.

"I can smell you and her."  I confirmed. "Don't worry, I could tell the
difference even in the dark.  You're both hot, wet and ready." During the
panty removal Patsy's skirt had gotten hiked up to the point where pubic
hair was almost visible. Patsy's glow continued as she started to pull her
skirt back into place.

"It's fine the way it is." Nancy told Patsy as she pulled Patsy's hand away
from her skirt.  I placed my right hand on Patsy's now bare left thigh.
Nancy, while keeping her left hand on Patsy's left breast placed her right
hand on Patsy's bare right thigh.  Nancy leaned closer to Patsy so she could
speak directly into Patsy's ear.

"I'm going to ask you a question..." She spoke softly while gently squeezing
Patsy's thigh.  "...and you have to answer truthfully, no matter what."
Patsy slowly nodded her head 'yes'.  Nancy paused to grin at me before she
leaned close to Patsy's ear again.

"Are you, Patsy, leaving a wet spot on our car seat?"  Patsy's jaw dropped
when she heard the question and I'm sure another record was set on the
Patsy-blush-o-meter.

"Yes." We could barely hear her when Patsy finally answered the question.
Tears were still flowing over her red cheeks, but the sobs had died down.  I
removed my hand from her thigh and adjusted the mirror so I could see her
breasts.

"Look at how tight her nipples are." I said.  Nancy grabbed Patsy's wrist to
keep her from covering herself.  I adjusted the mirror further down and got
a great view of Patsy's dark brown pubic patch.  Again Nancy had to restrain
Patsy to keep her from covering herself.

"No." Nancy said gently as she pulled Patsy's hand away from her crotch.
"You're not allowed to cover yourself."  The words 'not allowed' began to
bounce around inside Patsy's head.

"And stop that crying." Nancy spoke again in a much firmer tone of voice.
"You're a grown up now, there's no reason for you to be bawling like a baby
just because someone wants to look at your cunt."  Patsy jerked when she
heard the word 'cunt' used again.

"In fact..." Nancy continued, pulling on Patsy's thigh. "...spread your legs
and give him a better look."  Patsy resisted momentarily, then her legs
relaxed and Nancy pulled them apart, as wide as she could in the car.

"You might as well begin to learn the rules." Nancy announced as she held
Patsy's legs open.

"Rules?" Patsy asked weakly.

"There will be more as time goes by, but I'll give you the three most
important right now."  Nancy gave Patsy's thigh, and her breast a squeeze as
she spoke.

"More?  As time goes by?" Patsy asked in a dazed voice.

"First, when we want to look at you, or when we want someone else to look at
you, you are never allowed to cover your self."

"Someone else?" Patsy's voice began to take on a panicky quality.  Her
breathing was shallow and her body was trembling.  I'm sure in a combination
of fear, shame and excitement.

"Second, when ever we tell you to do something you must obey us immediately.
Without hesitation or question."  Patsy stared down at her lap and did not
respond.

"Third, you will address us as Master and Mistress, and we will address you
as 'Our Toy', or just 'Toy'."  Nancy released Patsy's thigh and pulled
Patsy's head up with her hand under Patsy's chin.  "Do you understand these
rules, Toy?"  Patsy stared blankly back at Nancy.  "Answer me, Toy, do you
understand these rules?"

"Yes" Patsy answered weakly.

"Yes what, Toy?"  Nancy insisted.

"Yes Mistress?"

---------------------------------------




Our New Toy
Part 02

I pulled into a parking space and turned off the car.  Sitting back in my
seat I looked in the mirror.

"God, Nancy, you should see how wet she is."  I kept my gaze on the rearview
mirror aimed at Patsy's crotch.  Nancy hooked her right index finger under
the edge of Patsy's skirt and, pulling it up slightly, tilted her head and
looked.

"She sure is,-" Nancy replied as a new flow of tears working their way down
Patsy's cheeks. "-and I see what you mean about being able to smell her."
As Patsy blushed and cried, I exited from the car and after walking around
to the passenger side, opened the door and offered Nancy my hand.  After
helping Nancy from the car I extended my hand for Patsy.

When Patsy didn't take my hand, I bent over and looked into the car.  Patsy
was setting, hunched over, her hands clasped together in her lap, sobbing.
I stepped into the car with my left foot and sat beside Patsy with my right
foot still on the ground.

"You sure do like to cry, don't you?" I asked as I wiped some of the tears
from her cheeks.

"No." Patsy sniffed. "I don't like to cry."

"Then why, for gods sake, are you?  You shouldn't cry so much, people might
think you don't really want to do these things"

"I don't!" Patsy almost shouted.

"Oh please,-" I responded sarcastically. "-you're so wet I could probably
get a baseball bat inside you."  I could see the shocked look on her
blushing face.

"I shouldn't have to do these things." She continued to cry, but the sobs
calmed down. "I should be able to make up my own mind about these things."

"Patsy,-" I said sympathetically, but sternly as I continued wiping her
tears. "-you are eighteen years old now, and you will be graduating from
high school in a few days."  I pulled her clasped hands apart. "Don't cover
yourself like that." I reminded her placing her hands by her sides. "You
really need to learn that 'should' and shouldn't' are meaningless words."  I
got a tissue from the glove compartment and finished drying her cheeks.
"'Are' and 'will' are the only words you need to concern yourself with.  You
are going to do everything we tell you to, and you will continue to do so.
Do you know why?"

"No." Patsy answered shaking her head.

"Three reasons,-" I said taking her hand and helping her out of the car
after me.  "-First because your Master and Mistress want you to.  Second,
because you also want to.  Even though you don't know it yet. And finally
because if you don't you will be punished."  By now Patsy was standing up
with her back to the car with Nancy and I facing her penning her against the
car.

"And trust me-" I continued brushing her hair back form her forehead. "-if
you don't like what's happening to you now..." I smiled at Patsy "...you're
really going to hate the punishment you receive."  Patsy swallowed a couple
of times; apparently trying to imagine what kinds of punishment I was
talking about.

"Now, toy, put your hands behind your back."  Nancy took over again.  "Hold
one hand in the other."  She continued.  "Just pretend that your hands are
tied behind your back and you will do fine."

"Shoulder's back."  I chimed in.  "We really want your pretty tits to be
well displayed." Her now almost perpetual blush deepened and the tears began
to flow again.

"Whenever you are standing up, and we haven't told you to do anything else
with your hands, you will hold them behind your back like you are now."
Nancy finished her instructions.  We assumed our positions on each side of
Patsy and began to walk her into the restaurant.

"I think I'll call you 'Ancillula'" I announced to Patsy just as we reached
the door.

"Ancillula?" Nancy asked looking at me quizzically. "What does 'Ancillula'
mean?"

"It's Latin." I grinned at Patsy.  "It means 'little slave girl'."  Patsy's
blush almost lit up the darkened restaurant as I told the host "Booth for
three please."

Once we were seated, during those long minutes between receiving our glasses
of water and someone showing up to take our order, Nancy continued
instructing your new toy.

"Pull you skirt up in back so your bare skin is on the booth seat."  Patsy
showed only brief hesitation before complying.   "Now, spread your legs." We
each put a hand on the knee nearest us and pulled gently.  Patsy resisted at
first, then she relaxed and her legs spread.

"You know you're supposed to keep your legs open all the time."  Nancy
continued. "Now open your hands and slide them behind the small of your back
with the palms facing the back of the booth."  Patsy did as she was
instructed.  The tears had stopped, but now her blushing was accompanied by
a sullen look.  I could almost see her making the decision to 'put up' with
whatever she had to until she could get away from us.

"Like when your standing up, just pretend that they are tied behind your
back and you will do fine."  Nancy arranged the Patsy's blouse so it draped
better on her outthrust breasts.  "Whenever you are sitting down you will
assume this position.  Unless we tell you otherwise of course."

Once we had Patsy properly positioned we proceeded to ignore her as we
discussed our plans for a dinner party the following day.   Patsy made
several attempts to speak, but we just shut her up and continued to ignore
her.

"I have to go to the bathroom." She finally said in a very soft voice when
there was a break in our conversation.

"When your Mistress is ready to go to the ladies room she will take you." I
informed her.  "Now be quite unless you are spoken to."  Nancy put off going
to the women's room until Patsy was almost squirming with her need to
relieve herself.

The waiter finally arrived.  Nancy and I ordered then dismissed the waiter
without ordering anything for Patsy.  As the waiter left Nancy winked at me
then got up from her seat.

"Come on, Ancillula, -" She said taking Patsy by the arm. "- it's time to go
potty."  I watched as Nancy and Patsy walked away from the table.  I had a
beautiful view of  Patsy's bare butt for three or four steps before her
skirt slipped down to cover it.

Nancy

I took Patsy into the ladies restroom, and then accompanied her into the
stall.  She stood looking at me questioningly as I stood in front of her
holding the door open.

"Don't just stand there."  I told her. "Sit down and pee."  Patsy blushed
and looked around in confusion, then finally sat down on the toilet.
Nothing happened.  "What's the matter, I thought you had to go?"

"I'm sorry." Patsy looked up at me with tears once again streaming down her
cheeks.  "I can't go with you standing there watching me."  I put my hand
under her chin and held her head up while I stroked her hair.

"You better learn."  I told her. "Because the next time you have to pee my
husband is going to be watching you."  The hurt/humiliated/embarrassed look
on her face made me smile.  "So, while you are working on relaxing and
letting it flow,-" I said slipping my hand inside the blouse. "-I'll take
advantage of the opportunity to get to know you a little better."  Patsy's
breast was firm and warm to the touch.  I could feel her nipple hardening
under my palm.  I pushed Patsy's legs further apart and, squatting in front
of her, unbuttoned her blouse.

"You take as long as you need to." I instructed taking one of her breasts in
each hand. "I'm enjoying the wait."  I leaned forward and sucked her left
nipple into my mouth.  My own excitement skyrocketed.  This was my first
experience with another female and it was better than I had dreamed.  Patsy
moaned as I moved my mouth to her other nipple, then I heard the tinkling of
her pee in the toilet.  When the sound stopped I pulled my mouth back from
Patsy's nipple and looked at my handiwork.  Her nipples and the large dark
aureoles that surrounded them were crinkled and hard.  I pulled a sheet of
tissue from the dispenser and, reaching between Patsy's wide spread legs,
wiped the moister from her crotch.

"Ok," I said standing up and pulling Patsy from the toilet. "it's time to go
back to the table."  I gave her a pat on the cheek.  I'll have to wait until
later to finish molesting you.  Pulling her behind me we walked back to the
table.

---------

As I watched as Nancy, pulling Patsy behind her, walk across the restaurant
to our table I noticed that Patsy's blouse was unbuttoned and the nipples on
her swaying breasts were playing peek-a-boo with the restaurant patrons.
Nancy paused and pushed Patsy into the booth ahead of her.  I watched as
Nancy reminded her to lift her skirt and to place her hands behind her back.

"You were in there so long,-" I said teasingly. "-I was afraid you had
decided to deflower her without me there."  I noticed that Patsy was moving
her shoulders forward trying to get the unbuttoned blouse to close in front.

"Sit up strait." I ordered her loudly.  Patsy jumped then looked at me
pleadingly.  Just then the waiter arrived with plates of food for Nancy and
I.  As we ate, we would occasionally feed Patsy a forkful of food from our
plates.

"Ancillula has the most marvelous nipples." Nancy stated matter of factly as
she fed her a bite of stake.

"Yes, I can see that." I said looking closely at her breasts.

"The feel of them hardening in my mouth was wonderful."  I doubt if I had
ever seen Nancy so excited before.

"I can't wait to try them myself." I said grinning at Patsy.

"You'll just have to wait your turn."  Nancy said, the she stuck her tongue
out at me and we both laughed.  Patsy looked at each of us, back and forth,
her face redder than ever.

"Ancillula,-" Nancy said putting her arm around Patsy's shoulders. "-tell
your master what happened to you in the ladies room."  Patsy stared at Nancy
and shook her head in horror.  "Tell him."  Nancy repeated in a sterner tone
of voice.

"You..." Patsy started then hesitated. "...You touched me."

"Aren't you forgetting something?  How are you supposed to address us?"

"You touched me, Mistress." Patsy replied after a brief hesitation.

"Well, come on, let's have some details."  Nancy encouraged her. "Where did
I touch you?"

"You touched my breasts, Mistress."  Patsy answered in a low voice looking
down at her lap.

"What did I touch you with?" Nancy prompted.

"Your hands, Mistress." Patsy answered.

"And what else?

"With your mouth, Mistress."

"What, exactly, did I do with my mouth?"

"You su-" Patsy paused for a long moment.  It was obvious that it was not
going to be easy for her to tell me this. "You sucked on my nipples,
Mistress." She finally finished.

"Very good, Ancillula, and where, exactly, were you while I sucked on your
nipples?"

"Sitting on the toilet, Mistress."  Patsy spoke in such a low voice I could
barely hear her.

"Did you enjoy it?" Nancy asked.  "If you lie I'll take that blouse off of
you and make you walk out of the restaurant naked from the waist up." Nancy
warned before Patsy answered.  We sat and waited in silence.

"Yes, Mistress."  We finally heard her answer quietly. "I enjoyed it."

"She was so wet when I wiped her I could hardly believe it."  Nancy said
looking over at me.  "And it wasn't from pee either."  Nancy looked back at
Patsy. "Was it?"

"No Mistress."




-------------------------------

Our New Toy
Part 03


Patsy's recital of her bathroom experiences left me with my cock even harder
than it had been most of the afternoon.  I made no attempt to hide it when I
reached down to adjust my crotch to give it a little more room.  Patsy
blushed and looked away.

As we walked from the restaurant with Patsy between us Nancy and I both
lifted our side of Patsy's skirt and kneaded her butt.  We walked slowly, at
a leisurely pace, making sure everyone got a good look at Patsy's tight ass,
across the parking lot to an adult 'novelty' store.

Patsy was in a quandary, trying not to look at anything around her.
Everywhere she looked were pictures of nude women and naked men with hard
cocks.  We walked Patsy over to a display case and selected three vibrating
rubber cocks of different sizes and one cute little butt plug that would fit
nicely into her virgin ass.  The last item I picked out was a 'butterfly'
vibrator.  The clerk inserted batteries for me, then I turned to Patsy.

"Lift your skirt." I ordered.  She stared at me then, after looking at the
other people in the store, began to shake her head 'no'.

"Please," she begged in a low voice. "I can't do that."  I gave her a stern
look.

"Lift your skirt right now or you will be very sorry." I said with a snarl.
She hesitated for only a moment more before grabbing the bottom of her skirt
and lifting it about an inch.

"All the way up."  I heard Patsy moan miserably then lift the skirt as high
as it would go leaving herself naked, and exposed for all to see from the
waist down.  I knelt down on one knee and pushed the butterfly vibrator
snuggly against her cunt and clitoris.  Nancy reached around Patsy and
grabbing the straps fastened them behind Patsy's back.  I pushed the third
strap between Patsy's legs and Nancy fastened it to the other two.  I made
sure it was secure against Patsy, then flipped the little black switch.

With a soft hum the butterfly began to vibrate against Patsy's cunt lips and
clit.  The look on Patsy's face was priceless.

"Oh god." She said softly.

"You can let go of your skirt now."  Patsy was staring down at the vibrating
plastic butterfly on her crotch totally oblivious to the world around her.

"What?" she finally said looking up at me.

"I said, you can drop your skirt now.  Unless, of course you really enjoy
showing your cunt to everybody in the store."  Patsy dropped her skirt and
blushed.  I walked Patsy down a display of bondage magazine, leaving Nancy
talking to the clerk.  I watched Patsy trying not to look at the magazine
covers, and trying not to look like she was not looking at them at the same
time.  I picked up one and handed it to Patsy.

"Look at that." On the cover was an extremely explicit picture of a woman
bent over, tied up and about to get and enormous hard cock shoved into her
gapping wet cunt.  The picture almost turned red form the reflected glow of
Patsy's blush.  Patsy's body was beginning to tremble, and her breathing was
becoming shallow.  It was apparent that her little crotch buzzer was about
to make her cum.  A couple standing near us looked over questioningly.

"I think they want to know where the buzzing is coming from." I told Patsy.
"Show them."  She looked at me pleadingly, but responded to my stern look
and lifted her skirt.  Both the man and the woman leaned over and, with
their noses only inches from Patsy's crotch, examined her new vibrator.
Patsy couldn't look down at the floor without looking at the two strangers
examining her buzzing crotch.  She couldn't look to either side without
looking at pictures of restrained women being fucked in every imaginable
position, and she could not look at me without seeing my enjoyment of her
situation.

"That is a clever little device." The man said looking up at me. "Did you
buy that here?"

"They have them up at the counter, with the dildoes and butt plugs."  I
responded.  Then I spoke to Patsy.  "Tell the nice couple how good it
feels." Still bent over looking at her crotch, they booth looked up into
Patsy's face and waited for her to speak.  Patsy looked back and forth from
me to the couple examining her crotch several times, the flustered look on
her face was priceless.

"It.." she started, "it feels."

"I have a better idea." I announced, Patsy sighed with relieve.  "Why don't
you just watch while she has an orgasm?  I think that would give you a good
idea what it feels like."

"No, please." Patsy begged, but it was already to late.  Patsy's body began
to jerk rhythmically as wave after wave of orgasmic spasms moved through
her.

"Ooh yea, look at her cum." The lady examining her crotch said standing up
to watch Patsy's blushing, orgasming face.  "We have got to get one of
those." She said turning to her husband.  Patsy dropped her skirt and
reached out with both hands to hold onto the magazine rack as her knees
began to weaken.

A rhythmic 'Unnggaaadd, unnggaaadd, unnggaadd' could be heard coming from
Patsy's open mouth as her body jerked banging the magazine rack against the
wall. By this time everyone in the store had stopped what they were doing
and gathered around to witness Patsy's first public orgasm, her 'cuming out'
so to speak.  Patsy's whole tensed, I could actually see the metal bars on
the magazine rack bend as she gripped them.  The rhythmic pounding stopped
as Patsy's body writhed and twisted in slow motion, her mouth still open,
but no sound coming out.

"Oh God Fuck Me." She finally screamed at the top of her lungs.  Then with
her arms over her head and her hands still clamped to the magazine rack, she
collapsed onto her knees and began to cry.  The lady who had been examining
Patsy's crotch helped me get her hands loose from the magazine rack and pull
her up onto her feet.  Patsy stared down at the floor refusing to look up.

"Now, now." The woman said, putting her arm around Patsy's shoulder.  "Don't
be ashamed, that looked like a wonderful orgasm."  This only caused more
tears to flow from Patsy.

"You'll have to forgive her." I said, putting my own arm around Patsy's
shoulder. "She's still a virgin and that was her first public sex display."
Of course this announcement only added to Patsy's humiliation.  I walked her
away from the other people and stepped her through the swinging door into
one of the viewing booths in the corner of the room.

We both sat down on the bench at the back of the booth, and I wiped the
tears from her cheeks.  I was a bit dazed myself, I had never seen Patsy cum
before and was not prepared how physical she became.  Through all of this I
was still holding onto the bondage magazine.  I began to flip through the
pages.  After a few minutes I noticed that the tears had slowed down, and
that Patsy was looking at the pictures with me.

I stopped turning pages when I came to a picture of a woman tied and being
fucked by one man while several others waited with hard cocks for their
turns.  I heard Patsy catch her breath when she saw the picture.

"You really do want to be tied up and fucked, don't you?" I asked Patsy.
"Tell me the truth." I ordered, as I opened her still unbuttoned blouse and
gently caressed her nipple.

"Yes." Her answer was so faint I could barely hear it even though she was
sitting right next to me.

"That's what you think about when you finger yourself, isn't it?"

"Yes." Again her answer was almost drowned out by the buzzing still coming
from her crotch.

"How often do you finger yourself?" I asked still rubbing her hard nipple
with my fingers. "Every night?"

"Yes." She answered, then quickly changed it to "Yes Master."

"Do you scream like that when you fuck yourself at night?"  I leaned over
and took her hard nipple into my mouth.

"No Master," she hesitated then continued. "I've never cum like that
before."

"That was better than anything you've ever experienced before, wasn't it?" I
asked after letting her hard nipple slip from my mouth.

"Oh yes Master.  It.. it was..."

"Go ahead." I encouraged her.  I could tell she was getting near another
orgasm.

"It was so intense that it scared me Master." I reached under her skirt and
turned off the vibrator.  Patsy looked at me with a confusing combination of
relief and disappointment.

"We don't want you cuming again quit yet." I told her as I stood up and
pulled her to her feet facing me. "This-" I said reaching under her skirt
and cupping her cunt with my hand. "-belongs to me."

"Ye..yes..ma..Master." she stammered with her eyes downcast.

"You do know that I am going to be the first one to fuck you, don't you?" I
asked still cupping her crotch with my hand.

"Yes Master." She answered breathlessly.  I released her crotch and after
turning her around pulled her back against me so my hard cock nestled into
the crack of her ass.

"Do you know what this place is called?" I asked indicating the booth we
were in.  Patsy looked around observing the TV screen and the shelf with the
box of facial tissues.

"No." She admitted.

"The slang term for this place is a 'jerkoff booth'."  I could see her face
reddening once again. "People, mostly men, but some women also.  Pay to
watch a fuck film on the TV while they masturbate."  I turned her towards
the wall separating this booth from the other one.

"Do you know what that is?" I asked her pointing to a whole in the
partition.  She shook her head 'no'.  "That-" I informed her holding her
tight against me with both arms wrapped around her waist. "-is called a
'glory hole'."  I turned her to face me once again and pulled her close so
her breasts were pressing against my chest and my hard cock pressed against
her cunt.

"Someday-" I slid my hands down and under her skirt then caressed her
bottom. "-not today, but someday, I'm going to bring you back and leave you
in this booth.  When I do you will suck every cock that is put through that
whole.  You will continue to do so until I come back and get you."  I
watched the conflicting emotions play across Patsy's face.  Everything she
had been taught by society, by her church, by her parents and in school told
her that what we were doing to her and what we were 'forcing' her to do was
wrong.  Her body, on the other hand, was screaming yes, yes, yes.  I gave
her butt a firm squeeze.

"I just thought I'd give you something to look forward to."  I turned and
pulled her after me out of the booth, through the store and up to where
Nancy was waiting for us at the front counter.

"Come on." I said as we took up our now customary positions on each side of
Patsy.  "We have a movie to go to."  Even though the butterfly was turned
off and no longer vibrating against Patsy's over stimulated cunt each step
moved it ever so slightly against her clitoris, keeping her on the edge of
another orgasm.

We walked down the street to a small art theater owned by a friend of ours.
Once we were settled in our seats next to the isle, Patsy between us, the
lights went down and the projector started.  Nancy and I each pulled one of
Patsy's legs up and over our own leg nearest her, forcing Patsy to scoot her
but near the front edge of the seat and opening her completely.  Nancy
pulled Patsy's blouse open exposing her breasts.  Our toy was now,
essentially, nude.

As the opening credits ran I turned on the butterfly vibrator, then Nancy
and I each turned as far toward Patsy as we could in the theater seats.
Patsy was there to watch the movie, we were there to watch Patsy and to
control her level of excitement.  With the vibrator running we each gently
caressed the insides of her thighs.

 From the opening scene of the uncut, un-rated version of "the Story of O"
Patsy was totally captivated.  I'm sure the scenes of O's subjugation
matched Patsy's secret fantasies like nothing ever had before.  As we ran
our hands over her thighs, and occasionally up to her breasts we watched her
closely.  Whenever Nancy determined that Patsy was close to another orgasm
she would switch off the butterfly vibrator and we would stop our caresses.

"Be still." I would whisper to her if she tried to stimulate herself my
moving her hips.  When her excitement had backed off we would turn the
vibrator back on and continue our caresses.

"Oh please, please." She would whimper and beg when we turned off the
vibrator and made her sit still.  Timing was everything, a couple of times I
thought Nancy was letting her get a little to close to cuming, but I needn't
have worried.  Nancy played Patsy like a virtuosos playing a musical
instrument.

Just as the movie ended, and the lights were going up, Nancy turned on the
vibrator for one last time.  The twenty other people in the theater filed
past our seats just as Patsy's body began to tremble and spasm with another
mind-bending orgasm.  Nancy and I, each holding a leg and an arm kept Patsy
open and exposed for the viewing pleasure of the departing audience.

Patsy came and cried at the same time.  With one breath she begged us to let
her cover up, with the next she begged us to make it go on forever.  When
the theater was empty Nancy turned off the vibrator, then she unhooked the
straps and removed it from Patsy's crotch.  We released our holds on Patsy's
legs and helped her to her feet.

She walked between us in a daze as we headed back to the car.  I think if we
had turned loose of her she would have fallen over.  I'm sure that the
thought that was spinning around in her head was 'I'm not alone, there are
others like me'.

We drove in silence back to our apartment.  Patsy assumed the right position
in the car without being told.  She lifted her butt and pulled her skirt up
to her waist, then after tucking her hands behind her back she spread her
legs as far as she could setting between Nancy and myself.

When we got to the apartment parking lot she walked between us making no
attempt to close her blouse as we walked past the pool.  Once we were inside
the entrance hall of our apartment I pointed to a hook that had been
installed on the wall beside the door.

"Remove you clothes and hang them their." I told Patsy. "Then come into the
living room."  Nancy and I left Patsy in the hallway and went into the
living room.  When Nancy, naked as instructed, came into the room we were
each sitting in our favorite chairs.  Nancy stood in front of us, not sure
what to do.

"From now on,-" I instructed Patsy. "-Whenever you come into our apartment
you will take off all of your cloths at the front door and leave them on
that hook."  I paused to make sure she understood.

"Yes Master." Patsy answered softly looking down at the floor.

"Then you will present yourself to us just like you are now, except you must
put your hands behind your head with your elbows out to the side."  I paused
until Patsy complied.  "And spread your feet a little further."  Again I
paused. "That's better." I finished after she spread her feet.  "You will
stand in that position whenever one of us has not instructed you to do
anything else."

"Yes Master."  Patsy's entire body seemed to be turning red with a
combination of embarrassment and desire.

"Come over here." I ordered.  Patsy took a couple of steps toward me, then
stopped just out of my reach.

"Right here, right now.'" I ordered sternly pointing to a spot on the floor
between my legs.  Patsy moved to the spot indicating and stood between my
spread legs.  "Any more half-hearted disobediences like that and you will be
punished."

"Yes Master."  Patsy didn't know where to look, she couldn't avoid me by
looking at the floor because I was right in front of her, my head level with
her breasts.  I slowly ran my fingers through her pubic hair.

"I think we better shave her tomorrow." I said to Nancy.

"I think so too." Nancy replied with a smile.

"Oh, please, Master, Mistress." Patsy began in a rising panic. "What if my
mother saw, what would I tell her."

"Come over here." Nancy ordered.  Patsy walked over and stood in front of
Nancy.  Nancy ran her fingers through Patsy Pubic hair.  "Does your mother
make a habit of inspecting your pussy?" Nancy asked.

"N..no Mistress." Patsy stammered.  "But she might see by accident."

"Then you better prove your ingenuity and make sure she doesn't." Nancy
slipped her hand between Patsy's legs causing Patsy to catch her breath.
"There is only one week of school left until you graduate,-" Patsy's hips,
beginning to respond to Nancy's hand on her crotch, started slowly rocking
back and forth. "- you can just let the other girls in gym class think
you're a slut if they see your bare cunt."  Patsy's body jerked in response
to the crude words.

"You can leave now." Nancy said pulling her hand from between Patsy's thighs
leaving Patsy humping against thin air.  Patsy looked back and forth between
us then headed for the hallway to the front door.

"Oh, by the way." I spoke just as Patsy reached the hallway.

"Yes Master." Patsy replied half turning to look at us hopefully.

"About your habit of fucking yourself every night,-" I smiled at her.
"-never do it again without our permission."

"Yes Master." Her whole body slumped just a little, like air being let out.

As soon as we heard the door close Nancy and I raced to the bedroom to
relieve our pent up lust.




-----------

Our New Toy
Part 04

Nancy and I surprised Patsy the next morning by showing up at her church,
just as she and her parents were about to walk into the sanctuary.  We said
'hi' to her parents then sort of rushed her off to set with us.  Once we
were seated Nancy whispered in Patsy's ear sending her scooting past me out
of the pew and hurrying down the isle towards the back of the church.  She
returned a few minutes later blushing brightly and scooted back past me then
after sitting down held out her hand to Nancy.

Nancy indicated that she should give the wadded up panties she was trying to
conceal in her hand to me.  I took her wadded up panties from her and as I
slipped them into my suit coat pocket I leaned my head near her and
whispered in her ear.

"I bet it makes you wet to be naked under your dress in church, doesn't it?"
After a brief hesitation accompanied by a growing red glow on her face she
gave a small nod 'yes'.

Nancy took on the task of enforcing posture rules during the church service
making sure that Patsy held her hands clasped behind her back when we were
standing, or held flat in the small of her back with the palms turned toward
the back of the pew when we were seated.  We did not force her to pull the
skirt of her dress up during church, we did not want to attract too much
attention.

Patsy's continued blushing during the service could only have been from
memories of what we made her do the day before, or anticipation of what we
would make her do after church.  Once, near the end of the sermon I leaned
close to her and whispered in her ear.

"I hope your not leaving a wet spot on the back of your dress."  From the
startled jump, and the embarrassed fearful look on her face I can only guess
that, while the possibility had not occurred to her, she was turned on
enough that she considered it to be a possibility once the thought was
suggested.

On our way through the receiving line to shake hands with the pasture we met
back up with Patsy's parents and got their permission for Patsy to join us
for the little lunch party we had arranged in her honor.  'Sort of a
graduation lunch.' we told them.  For some reason Patsy's mother considered
Nancy and I to be good influences on her daughter and encouraged Patsy to
spend time with us.

After shaking the pastor's hand, and complimenting him on his unique
interpretation of several points of theology Nancy and I walked with Patsy
between us out to our car.  Patsy urgently whispered that she needed to go
to the ladies restroom, but we kept her walking.  I opened the door and
helped first Patsy, then Nancy into the car, then after shutting their door
walked around and climbed into the car.  Nancy and I sat facing forward, not
saying a word until Nancy finally got the message and, lifting her butt from
the seat pulled the back of her dress out from under her self, then tucked
her hands behind her back.

Once that was accomplished I backed the car from the parking spot and drove
to the parking lot exit.  As I turned into the street I reached down and
lifted the front of Patsy's skirt up around her waist, then adjusted the
rear view mirror to aim at her crotch.  Nancy turned and, placing her left
arm around Patsy's shoulders, began to loosen Patsy's dress top.

"Do you really have to go to the bathroom?" I asked Patsy letting my hand
rest on her bare knee.

"Yes Master." she answered with appropriate meekness.  I pulled the car into
a small empty parking lot in front of a closed store.  I parked in front of
the store parallel to and only a few feet from the front wall.  Getting our
of the car, and dragging Patsy behind me, I placed her in between the car
and the store wall.

"Ok,-" I told her. "-lift up your skirt, squat and pee."  Her look combined
embarrassment, fear and shock.  She looked at the traffic going by.

"But Master..." she started.  I stepped forward pretending to be angry.

"Look you stupid little bitch." I began to yell at her. "I'm tired of your
constantly back talking when your told to do something."  I held her chin in
my hands and brought my face near hers in a threatening manner.  "Now you
squat and pee or I'll pull you over there to the curb and make you hang your
butt over the gutter to pee where all the people driving by will see you."
I turned loose of her chin but remained standing close to her.

"I bet,-" I said in a softer voice. "-that some of those people driving by
would recognize you from church.  Now squat and pee."  Patsy lifted her
skirt above her waist and squatted between the car and the store wall.
After a minute she looked up at me pleadingly.

"Please Master." She begged. "I can't relax enough to pee here."  I stepped
closer so I towered over her, then leaned over like I was talking to a small
child.

"You pee here and now or you're going out to the curb."  I waited for about
ten seconds then continued.  "Ok, that does it." I said.  Just as I reached
for her arm she started peeing.  I stood up, adjusted, then stroked my
obviously hard cock through my trousers just and inch from her face.

While this was going on Nancy had retrieved an instant camera from the glove
box and joined us.  I stepped aside and Nancy snapped a shot of Patsy, skirt
up above her wait, squatting in the parking lot with a spreading pool of
urine underneath her.  The sound of the first shot attracted Patsy's
attention, and the second picture caught her looking directly into the
camera as she peed.

After she was done I held my hand on her shoulder to keep her squatting
then, retrieving her panties from my suite coat pocket leaned over and
patted her dry.  By the time I let her stand up her whole body was trembling
with fear, anger and embarrassment.  Her tears didn't really start to flow
though until we were back in the car and Nancy handed her the pictures to
look at.  She threw the pictures on the floor of the car, leaned forward as
far as she could and, holding her head in her hands sobbed huge body racking
tears the rest of the way to our apartment.

After I parked the car I reached over and put my hand on Patsy's shoulder.
She tried to pull away, but had no place to go.

"Look,-" I said to her in a kind voice. "-what is going to happen to you, is
going to happen.  You can either co-operate and make it easy for yourself,
maybe even pleasant.   Or you can fight us and make it hard on yourself." I
paused for dramatic effect. "Either way we are going to enjoy it."  I gave
her shoulder a friendly squeeze.  "Now dry your tears and come inside with
us."

Sniffing, her face red and tear streaked, Patsy got out of the car and
walked between us into our apartment.  Once inside the door I pointed out
the large heavy leather dog collar hanging from the hook that we had placed
by the door for her clothes.

"Now,-" I instructed her once again. "-take off all of your clothes, put on
that collar, then join us in the living room."  We walked off leaving Patsy
alone in the entrance hall to decide her fate.  She could, obviously keep
her clothes on and leave, or she could strip, put on the collar and join us
in the living room.

A few minutes later Patsy, wearing only her new collar, stood in front of us
with her hands behind her head, her legs spread and her eyes looking down at
the floor.  I took a moment to look her over.  Her nipples were hard and
even though her face was bright red and her body was trembling, her crotch
glistened with her own natural lubricant.

While Patsy stood trembling in front of us Nancy finished putting the first
two photos that she had retrieved from the car floor into a new album
labeled, on the first line "Ancillula" and, under that, "Our New Toy".

"Come here." Nancy ordered, putting the photo album on the coffee table.
Patsy walked over and stood in front of Nancy, her hands still behind her
head, and her feet spread making her self available.  Nancy placed one hand
on the back of each of Patsy's knees, then ran her hands up Patsy's thighs
and, squeezing her butt cheeks, pulled Patsy closer to her.  I had picked up
the camera and snapped a shot of Nancy with her nose buried in Patsy's pubic
hair.

"I've always wondered what another woman tastes like." Nancy said inhaling
Patsy's odor deeply as she massaged Patsy's butt.  "But,-" Nancy continued
releasing her grip on Patsy, "-we have work to do."  I left the room to
collect my tools for the next phase.

I returned with a bowl of warm water, a couple of towels, a shaving mug and
a straight razor.  My grandfather had been an old fashioned barber and
taught me to use a straight razor when I was just a kid.  I put a piece of
plastic down on the seat of my chair, then covered it with a towel.

"Sit here." I ordered Patsy after the chair was covered.  "Sit on the edge."
I corrected her. "Now lean back and hook your knees up on the arms."  She
hesitated only momentarily then followed my order.  I took a long red silk
cord and, after looping it around her right knee, brought it around the back
of the chair.  Then after looping it around her left knee, secured it with a
couple of half hitches.

"Raise your arms over your head." I instructed her moving behind the chair.
I folded my second red silk cord in half then larks-headed her wrists
together with it.  The other ends I tied to the cord holding her knees.
Now, if she tried to pull her arms down she'd pull her legs further apart.
If she tried to close her legs she'd pull her arms.

When I finished Nancy and I just stood and looked for a couple of minutes.
Patsy had been naked in front of us, but never this open and vulnerable
before.  Patsy's body was trembling even worse than before, and her face
showed both humiliation and lust.  Nancy moved in close with the camera for
a 'before' shot of Patsy's crotch, then stepped back for an over-all shot.

"Look at me." Nancy ordered before she snapped the picture.  I moved the
table holding my equipment over beside the chair then, after moving the
bowel of hot water to the floor in front of the chair, sat down on a foot
stool in front of Patsy's wide open crotch.  Nancy abandoned the still
camera and picked up a video camera to record the details.  I took a warm
wet towel and draped it over her pubic hair.  Then, after dipping the saving
brush in the bowel of water, began to whip up lather in the shaving mug.

When the lather was ready I removed the warm towel and used the brush to
work the foam into her pubic hair.   When I was satisfied with the lathering
of Patsy's pubic bush I picked up the straight razor and held it up for her
to see.

"If I were you." I warned her. "I would exercise every ounce of self control
and set very, very still.  I wouldn't want to accidentally perform a
clitorotomy while I'm down there."  Patsy was breathing hard and her face
was flush with embarrassment and excitement as my straight razor scraped its
first swath of pubic hair from her body.

Low moans began to escape from Patsy's throat as I manipulated her body
parts to remove the last of her hair from her crotch.  I wiped her down with
a damp cloth to remove the remnants of lather and hair, then ran my hands
over her crotch.  I could feel her dampness, and the heat radiating from her
as I moved my hands.  Once the razor was put down Patsy began to move her
hips pushing herself against my hand for additional stimulation.  I was
awarded with a moan of despair when I pulled my hand away.  I sat back on
the stool and admired her now naked crotch.

"Please." She begged softly undulating her hips invitingly.  I could see the
need in her eyes.  I was tempted to get on my knees and take her right then
and there, but it wasn't part of our master plan.  She would be on edge for
a long time to come before her need would finally be met.  Nancy moved in
with the still camera for a close up 'after' shot.  I removed my shaving
tools, and Nancy left the room to get Patsy's costume for the day.

When she returned we untied Patsy and, standing her up in the middle of the
room began to dress her.   The first item of clothing we put on her was a
crotch-less corset with a built in bra that lifted the breasts and displayed
them like they were laid out on a table.  Her nipples just peaked over the
top edge of the corset.

Next the obligatory fish-net 'slut' stockings and six inch spike heels.
Last a small white apron with a white collar, white cuffs on her wrists and
a small white hat finished off her new 'French maid' uniform.  We stood her
in front of a mirror and watched to see if the red face, tears, or crinkled
nipples would win out as the first reaction to seeing herself dressed this
way.  It was a three way tie.

The crotch-less corset and the black fish-net stockings nicely high-lighted
her newly shaved crotch.  Just as the full impact of her new look sunk in
the door bell rang.

"Answer the door." I ordered slapping Patsy on her naked butt. "Don't make
our guests wait."  Patsy looked at me with pure shock.  She could not
believe that she was expected to answer the door dressed in this fashion.

"Go." I said giving her a shove toward the door.




------------------
Our New Toy
Part 05
By
Norm  DePloom

Patsy walked to the front door with hesitant steps.  We could see her
conflicting emotions on her face as well as in her body language.  It was
clear that her terror almost paralyzed her.  Nancy and I moved so we could
see down the entrance hall to the front door.

Patsy paused at the door, leaning her head momentarily against the wall
before she reached out a trembling hand and turned the doorknob.  Patsy
opened the door then stood aside as Greg and his girlfriend de jour walked
in.  As they passed by Patsy, Greg reached out and squeezed her right
breast.

"How's it hang'n?"  He asked Patsy with a smirk.  We moved away from the
door and, welcoming Greg and his friend into our apartment offered them
seats.  The four of us sat and waited patiently for a few minutes for Patsy
to come into the room.

"Patsy,-" I finally called out to her. "-come into the room."  When she did
not appear Nancy got to her feet and walked out into the entrance hall.  The
rest of us sat and silently listened to the whispered argument between Nancy
and our reluctant slave.  Patsy finally appeared, walking into the room
ahead of Nancy.  Patsy's cheeks were streaked with tears, which were still
leaking, from her eyes.  Her entire body seemed to be glowing with her
embarrassment and her face contorted with her effort to keep from sobbing
audibly.

"Get our guests some wine."  Nancy ordered speaking to Patsy. "And don't
dawdle in the kitchen.  As Patsy left the room Nancy turned to Greg and his
guest.  "Please excuse our slave, we've only just started her training."
Greg introduced his friend as Cathy or Cat as she liked to be called.

Cat picked up the new photo album and was studying the pictures of Patsy's
shave when Patsy returned with two glasses of wine.  As Cat took her glass
of wine from Patsy she let the photo album rest in her lap and stroked
Patsy's freshly shaved pubic area with her hand.  Patsy jumped at the touch
and almost spilled Greg's wine.

"Smooth, good job." She said addressing us.  Under our stern looks Patsy
stood, trembling, and allowed this stranger to feel her most intimate area.
Greg, not wanting to see his wine wasted, reached over and took the glass
from Patsy's shaking hand.  Patsy jumped again when the doorbell rang.

"Answer the door."  I reminded her quietly.  As Patsy walked across the room
towards the entrance hall it was hard to tell if she was more relieved to
get away from the exploring hand of this 'Cat' woman, or if she was more
terrified of having to answer the door once more in her 'slut maid' costume.
When the door opened we heard the voice of Frank and his girlfriend Andrea,
both friends of Patsy's and ours.

"I didn't know this was a 'Come as your favorite secret fantasy' party." we
heard Andrea say as she and Frank led the way into the living room.  Frank
and Andrea were offered chairs to set in, and Patsy was dispatched to the
kitchen for two more glasses of wine.

"Cat was just commenting on the smoothness of Patsy's shave." I commented to
Andrea as Patsy handed her a glass of wine.

"Yes,-" Andrea responded smirking at Patsy. "-I can see it's a very close
shave."  She gave Frank a nudge with her elbow. "Don't you go getting any
ideas."

"Maybe I should start offering a service." I joked with the others. "You
know 'Have razor, will travel'."  Patsy looked distinctly uncomfortable
standing at the side of the room, her red face, trembling body and obscene
costume being ignored by the rest of us while we talked and joked with each
other.  The obscene nature of her costume was heightened by the normalcy of
our clothes.

Once again Patsy jumped, and this time let out a little squeaking moan, that
the rest of us strained not to laugh at, when the doorbell rang again.
Without being told Patsy walked across the room, giving us all a good look
at her bare hard nipples, shaved crotch and quivering butt.

"No, please god no." We heard from Patsy after she opened the door.  A
moment later Patsy's best friend Gail, and a young man we had not met before
walked into the room.  Patsy did not follow them into the room.  From where
I sat I could lean back and look down the entrance hall.  Patsy was walking
in a small circle, muttering to her self.

It was obvious that we were pushing Patsy near her limit.  It was bad enough
that we had forced her to dress like a slutty tramp, that we had invited
over three people that she knew, and one strange woman, but this was almost
too much.  To have the person she considered to be her best friend show up
to see her humiliation, and to have her bring a strange boy with her.  That
came close to being too much.

"Patsy,-" I yelled down the short hallway. "-get your bare naked butt in
here, we've got guests who need to be served."  I could see the crises
cresting over her, run home or submit to whatever humiliations we had
planned for her in front of both friends and strangers.  I don't think it
was the fear of running home looking like a naked slut that stopped her, I
think it was her own sexual needs.  I don't think she fully understood why,
but she did know she needed to be taken, taken and used in ways she could
not yet even imagine.

This realization calmed her trembling hands and she walked through the room
into the kitchen to get wine for her best friend and her best friend's
guest.  Her desperate need was obvious to everyone in the room.  Her nipples
stayed hard and her upper thighs glistened with her leaking secretions to
the point of perfuming the whole room with their stimulating odor.

Cat, Andrea and Gail joined Nancy in the kitchen to put the finishing
touches on our meal.  Patsy was kept busy refilling our drinks, ferrying
platters of food from the kitchen to the serving table set up in the living
room then, finally, setting up the small tables that each couple would share
for their food. Being kept busy took her mind off her, essentially naked
condition and allowed her nerves to calm down a bit.

When all was ready each couple sat at their own small table while Patsy, the
only one standing, moved back and forth between the couples and the serving
table filling their plates to their order.  As she moved about the room
hands, both male and female reached out to touch naked parts of her body.
It was impossible to tell if her red face and chest, clear down to the tops
of her breasts, was caused by her embarrassment or her sexual excitement.

We, and our guests, ate, talked and joked ignoring Patsy except to touch and
feel her body whenever she was within reach until our hunger was satiated.
After our meal Patsy went around the room offering cigars and brandy to each
guest.  Everyone took the brandy, and all the men except Greg plus Nancy and
Andrea took cigars.  After Patsy lit the cigars for each of the smokers, and
was subjected to the caresses of each person as she held the lighter to the
end of their cigar, she was set to work clearing the tables while we enjoyed
our drink and smokes.

It was obvious that the caresses Patsy had received during meal, and the
cigar lighting ritual, had brought her to the brink of orgasm.  We hoped
that the break afforded by her clearing the tables would allow her to calm
down before the 'Main Event' started.  As we watched her work we drank and
smoked, enjoying the wonderful post meal feeling that can only be topped by
that wonderful post sex feeling.  When the cigars and brandy were finished I
called Patsy into the middle of the room.

"Now, slowly turn around so everybody can get a good look at your body."
Patsy blushed furiously, but her nipples were harder than ever.  As she
slowly turned we noticed that her body was covered with a slight sheen of
sweat from her work serving us then clearing the tables. The heavier, more
viscous sheen of her personal secretions had continued to spread over her
crotch and upper thighs.  Her nipples were so hard I'm sure thy must have
hurt.

"Did you know-" I asked the room in general. "-that our Patsy is a virgin?"
Patsy's face and upper chest glowed once more as she cast her eyes down to
the floor in embarrassment.

"Yes,-" Gail replied hanging onto her dates arm and looking at her best
friends obscenely dressed body as intently as the rest of us.  "-I knew
that."

"And I suppose that you-" Andrea chimed in from the other side of the room.
"-are going to be the first one to take her."

"That's my plan." I responded as I stood and, stepping over to Patsy gently
ran my hand over her trembling stomach.  "But not for awhile yet,-" I
continued moving my hand to her breast and gently squeezing her already rock
hard nipple.  "I want to enjoy the anticipation for the time being."
Despite the face reddening humiliation of having her nipple manipulated in
front of these witnesses, Patsy moaned audibly.  I abandoned her nipple and
sat back down.

"Your brought the tape,-" I turned my attention to Greg. "-didn't you?"

"Oh yes indeed." Greg responded digging in the pocked of the coat hanging on
the back of his chair and pulling out a videocassette.

"Great,-"  I said enthusiastically.  "-it's time for the main event."  I
looked at Patsy.  "Get that tape from Greg and put it in the VCR."  As Patsy
followed my orders chairs were re-arranged so we sat in a semi-circle facing
the television.  After inserting the tape cassette into the VCR Patsy turned
to find eight pairs of eyes staring at her.

"You stand right over there."  I instructed Patsy.  "We want to be able to
see the tape and you at the same time."  Patsy stepped to the side of the
television.  "And turn so you can see also,-"  I continued my instructions.
"-we really want you to see this."  Patsy's terrified look was a bonus
reward for all of us.

As we watched, the outside of our apartment door appeared on the screen.
The door opened, and Nancy and I walked out with Patsy between us.  We heard
a shocked gasp from Patsy.  Apparently she had not fully realized how slutty
she had really looked the day before.  As we walked towards the camera on
the TV screen Patsy's hard-nippled breasts swayed and bounced visibly and
obscenely under the sheer martial of the blouse we had forced her to wear.

"Oh my god."  Patsy said softly as she raised her arms to cover her exposed
hard nipples in response to seeing her self displayed so obscenely on the
screen.

"Stop that right now!" Patsy jumped when I yelled at her, then put her hands
down by her side.

"Please, no, not this."  She whispered.  I wasn't sure if she was talking to
me, or praying.  Either way it wouldn't do her any good.  The scene on the
TV changed to the adult bookstore where the cameraman had managed to catch
Patsy's bookshelf rattling orgasm in front of the couple.

"Way to go Patsy." Gail's friend said as he slipped his hand under Gail's
blouse.

"Does she always come that hard?" Andrea asked as her hand slipped into
Frank's lap.

"She always does in public,-" I answered with my hand under Nancy's skirt.
"-We don't know how she cums in private yet."

The video made another cut to a tight shot from a camera mounted directly
above the seats we sat in at the theater.  We watched ourselves pulling
Patsy's skirt up around her waist, and opening her blouse to expose her
hard-nippled breasts.

Patsy concentration on the screen was interrupted when she saw Cat slip down
onto her knees and begin unbuckling Greg's belt.  Patsy gulped a couple of
times in amazement and stared uncomfortably as Cat pulled Greg's hard member
into view.  One by one each of the women, including Nancy slipped out of
their chairs and knelt in front of each man.

Patsy looked around the room in confusion.  She seemed to be trying to
decide what not to look at.  Should she not look at the tape of her being
played with in the theater, or should she not look at the women on their
knees bobbing their heads up and down in the men's crotches.  Her dilemma
got even harder to resolve when the woman all stood up and, hiking up their
skirts lowered themselves onto their men's laps.

We all scooted around so we could all stare at Patsy while our women slowly
moved up and down on top of us.  Patsy looked like she was skirting the
breaking point, her eyes were continuously being pulled either to the video
of her self in the theater or the live sex show going on in front of her.
Driven to distraction by being stared at by eight people engaged in
simultaneous sex Patsy's hand slowly sled into her own crotch, only to be
pulled away when she realized what she was doing.

"Go into the bathroom,-" Nancy ordered Patsy after each couple had moaned
and groaned their way to mutually satisfying conclusions.  "-and get wet
washcloths and towels for each of us." We all enjoyed our after coitus glows
while we waited for Patsy's return.

"Now start over there with Cat-"  Nancy instructed as soon as Patsy walked
through the door laden with wet washcloths and dry towels.  "-and wash then
dry each of our guests."  The confused look turned to one of outrage and
shock when Patsy finally realized exactly what she was being ordered to do.
Cat had already pulled up her skirt then lifted and separated her legs
waiting with an eager look on her face for her complimentary after sex wash.

Patsy slowly knelt in front of Cat and gingerly dabbed at her exposed crotch
with one of the wet washcloths.  As soon as the cloth touched her Cat,
moaning loudly with exaggerated excitement, began to move her hips in small
circles pushing herself against Patsy's cloth covered hand.

"Don't stop, don't stop..." Cat kept saying over and over again until her
body pulsed with another orgasm.  "Oh god that was good." She finally
finished, letting Patsy move onto the next guest.

We could tell from her body language that the biggest crisis of the day came
when it was time to wash her best friend Gail.  Patsy stood in front of
Gail, looking at her then at us then back at her begging with her eyes not
to be forced to become that intimate with her best friend.  We thought for a
minute that she might actually break and run refusing to complete her
assigned task, but then she slowly sank to her knees and serviced her best
friend the same way she had the other guests.  The tears slowly running down
her cheeks mute testimony to the humiliation she felt.

After she finished with the guests it was our turn.  As Patsy washed me I
stroked her hair and whispered what a good job she was doing.  When everyone
was washed, Patsy escorted the guests to the front door and let them out.
When she came back into the room she knelt in front of me.

"Please Master." She begged with her eyes looking down at my lap.  "Please
make love to me."  I held her chin in my hand so I could look into her eyes.

"When the time comes,-" I explained to her.  "-it will not be 'making love'.
What I'm going to do to you when I decide you're ready can only be described
as fucking."  I leaned forward and kissed her forehead.  "Now get dressed
and go home.  You still have school tomorrow"

"We expect you back here right after school." Nancy added as Patsy got
slowly to her feet and walked slowly from the room it seemed that her
unsatisfied need was almost too much of a burden to bear.  "And remember -"
Nancy finished her instructions. "No touching yourself tonight."




-------------------------------
 Our New Toy
part 06
By
Norm DePloom

As usual our games with Patsy had left us with really bad cases of nearly
terminal horny-ness.  The only thing to slow our mad dash to the bedroom
where we planned to spend most of the night administering emergency first
aid to relieve our desperate conditions was my discovery of the missing
collar when I checked the front door lock.  We didn't discover until the
next day that Patsy was actually closing the door to her parent's house
behind her, after walking home from our apartment, when she discovered the
collar was still around her neck.  I still smile when I imagine Patsy
feverishly trying to get her collar off before her parents could see it.
Nancy and I spent several hours satiating our heightened lustful desires
then slept late into the following morning before waking up and, after a
long slow 'good morning' we got out of bed and put into effect our plans for
Patsy's afternoon and evening.  Figuring that a day at school, filled with
exciting and shameful memories of her activities over the weekend, would
leave her horny, but determined to resist our influence and become once
again the 'pure' young girl she'd always pictured herself as being, we made
plans to be at her parent's house when she got home from school.

Patsy was obviously shocked speechless when she walked through the front
door of her parent's house to find Nancy and I setting in the front room
talking to her mother.  Before the surprised look could evaporate from her
face Nancy took Patsy's arm and ushered her up the stairs to her bedroom
leaving me to entertain Patsy's mother.  While Nancy and Patsy were upstairs
I continued talking to Patsy's mother about our ability and willingness to
make it possible for her daughter to attend the university as a full time
student instead of being a part time student at the junior college the next
year.  Patsy's mother overjoyed with the idea.

Nancy

I pulled Patsy up the stairs after me, then into her bedroom.  Leaving the
door open I sat on the edge of her bed then, ignoring the prepared speech
she had begun about how evil what we were doing was and how she just could
not go along with it any more, I reached up under her skirt and felt her
crotch.  I pulled my hand out from between her leg and, reaching up, slapped
her across the face with enough force to sting her cheek, but not enough to
leave a mark.

"Did we or did we not forbid you to wear panties?"  I asked her sternly.

"I'm just trying to tell you..." She continued until I slapped her a second
time a little harder.

"Did we or did we not forbid you to wear panties?" I asked her with a
display of growing anger.  She looked around the room in confusion then
dropped her gaze.

"Yes Mistress." She replied, the speech she had worked on all day obviously
not going as she had imagined it.

"Then take them off."  I ordered her, holding out my hand to receive them.
Patsy reached under her skirt with both hands and slipped her panties down
her thighs then, stepping out of them, she handed her panties to me.  After
checking the crotch, I held the panties up so Patsy could see the wet area
that had been between her legs.  "So," I continued reclining on her bead.
"You've been hot and horny all day?"  I asked as I lifted my knees and,
spreading my legs exposed my own hot and horny crotch to Patsy.

"I can't go on..." Patsy tried once again to deliver her prepared speech.

"Stop it." I said almost load enough for her mother to hear downstairs as I
sat up and slapped her once more across the face.  "I've heard enough.  I'm
not interested in anything a little slut like you has to say."  I leaned
back on my elbows and, after lifting and spreading my legs, pulled my skirt
up once again.  "I'm only interested in what you are going to do."  I
reached between my legs and stroked myself with one fingertip.  "And right
now what you are going to do is lick your Mistress until she has a nice
orgasm."  I sat up on the bed once again and, taking hold of Patsy's wrists,
pulled her down onto her knees in front of me.

"Your Master is downstairs right now keeping you mother busy telling her
about our marvelous plans for your education."  I paused and, placing one
hand on each of her cheeks, pulled her mouth to mine and kissed her inviting
pouty lips softly before continuing.  It felt like a jolt of electricity ran
through my body when our lips met.

"If we aren't back downstairs pretty soon he's going to run out of things to
say to her." I gave into temptation and kissed her again, holding it a
little longer and slipping my tongue slowly between her lips.  Her lips were
soft and compliant, molding to my mouth and parting easily for my tongue.
This was the first time I had kissed another woman and the experience was
leaving me breathless and dripping.  I slipped my hand into her blouse and
under her bra as I kissed gently up her cheek, then whispered in her ear as
I rubbed her nipple between my thumb and forefinger.

"Then he'll be forced to show her his collection of pictures of a perverted
slut peeing in public and getting her privates shaved."   I moved my mouth
back to hers and slipped my tongue between her lips once more.  I was really
getting turned on playing the aggressor.  I pinched her nipples and ran my
tongue around her mouth until she began to respond.  Breaking off the kiss I
reclined back onto the bed, pulling her face down between my legs as I
moved.

"You'd better do your best to get me off quickly so we can get downstairs
before He pulls out the photographs."  Despite her beginning to respond to
my kisses, Patsy pulled back from my open crotch.  I reached down between my
legs and stroked her hair.

"I've always wanted to be licked by another woman-" I told her in a soft
voice as my hips moved in small anticipatory circles on the edge of the bed.
"-and you're the woman who is going to do it."  I gently pulled her mouth
closer to me as I continued.

"You better get used to it, you're going to be licking woman a lot in the
future."  I almost laughed at the shocked look on Patsy's face.  "You didn't
think you were just for my husbands pleasure did you?" I asked rhetorically
as I pulled her face the last inch and firmly planted her lips against me.

Between the excitement of forcing Patsy's mouth between my legs, the danger
of doing it in front of the open door where I could hear my husband and
Patsy's mother talking downstairs and the fulfillment of a long held fantasy
I came quickly grinding my self against Patsy face and cooing to her about
her great tongue work.  I rode Patsy's mouth to a second orgasm before I let
her stand up and, after straightening my skirt walked with her back down the
stairs, my juices drying on her lips and nose.

"You know,-" I leaned over and whispered to her just as we walked into the
room where her mother and my husband were still talking. "-your Master and I
did it about six times last night."  I let that sink in for just a second.
"And I haven't had time to wash up after any of them."  Patsy almost made me
laugh with the look of disgust that came across her face.

---------
I could tell by the expression on her face that all had gone well for Nancy.
I could also tell by Patsy's expression exactly what Nancy had just
whispered in her ear.  Patsy's mother and I stood and crossed the room to
where Nancy held Patsy possessively with an arm around her waist.

"Come on-" I said stepping between them and placing my arms possessively
around each of their waists.  "-we've got to help Patsy study for her
finals."  We said our good byes to Patsy's mother, and I escorted them, my
arms still around their waists, to the car, which had been left parked in
front of the house.

"She's got to be punished."  Nancy announced as we pulled away from the
curb.  I searched Patsy's downcast face in the rearview mirror as tears
began to roll down her cheeks.

"What did you do? "  I asked her. Since I was answered only by sniffles, I
pulled over to the side of the street less than a block from Patsy's
parent's house.  Getting out of the car and pulling Patsy behind me I
climbed over the grass covered levee into the city park. Since this
particular park was also used as an emergency storm reservoir during the
rainy season its interior was hidden from the view of the people driving or
walking by, but not from the view of the second story windows of the houses
surrounding the park.  Without saying a word I put my hand on the back of
her neck and 'marched' her across the park and up to the end of a picnic
table.

"Lean over and grab the edges with your hands."  I ordered pushing
forcefully on the back of her neck, making her bend at the waist and lay
face down on the table.

"Reach out and grab the edges."  I ordered again with my hand on her back
keeping her from standing up.

"Please Master-" She whispered through her sobs.  "I won't be bad again."
While keeping the pressure on her back I leaned over close to her ear.

"Reach out and grab the edges of the table-" I spoke slowly and distinctly
like I was addressing a child.  "-and don't let go until you are told to."
Patsy wiped her eyes then reached out and grabbed the table edges so hard
her knuckles turned white.  I moved my hand slowly down her back and across
her trembling butt.  After giving her rear a squeeze I stepped around to
where Patsy could see me then, while Nancy slowly lifted Patsy's skirt
revealing her firm naked bottom, I let Patsy watch as I loosened my belt
buckle and, ever so slowly, pulled my belt out of my belt loops, wrapping it
around my hand as I watched the growing terror in Patsy's eyes.

"No...Oh God...Please no." Patsy sobbed with growing hysteria as the
realization that she was about to receive a public spanking on her bare
bottom sank in.  While Nancy continued 'preparing' Patsy's naked butt for
the upcoming punishment, I sat on the cement bench, putting myself more on
Patsy's level.

 "We've been kind and gentle with you-" I said in a sad voice as I laid my
belt on the table for her to see while I talked. "-but it seems that you
don't really take our orders seriously."  I gently wiped a tear from her
cheek as I talked.  "What are you being punished for?"  I asked in a quite
voice as I gently caressed her arm with my belt.

"I wore panties to school."  She answered in an almost inaudible voice.  I
sighed and shook my head sadly.

"Were we in any way unclear about forbidding you to wear panties?"  I asked
as I watched a shiver run through her body as the belt moved up her arm,
across her armpit and onto the side of her breast.

"No." She whispered.  I leaned closer to her ear.

"I had hoped-" I spoke softly to her as I ran my fingers tenderly through
her hair.  "-that we had failed you as your Master and Mistress."  I paused
for dramatic effect.  "Because, if we had failed, if it was our fault I
could go easy on you, but, by your own admission, we are dealing with an act
of willful rebellion."  I allowed my voice to grow louder and harsher.  "You
got up this morning and said to yourself  'They can't force me to go to
school without panties'."  I let my voice rise even higher in intensity if
not in volume.  "Then you reached into your underwear drawer, grabbed a pair
of panties and defiantly pulled them up your legs, covering the part of your
body that we had repeatedly ordered you to never cover."  Patsy shed tears
copiously as she nodded her head in assent.  I sat back down end spoke in a
gentler voice as I resumed stroking her hair tenderly.

"Tell me-" I asked leaning forward and speaking softly into her ear "-did
you just grab a pair at random?  Or did you search through your panties
looking for the perfect pair to defy us with?"  I paused waiting for her
answer.

"I searched for my favorite pair."  Patsy stammered through her sobs.  As
much as I would have loved to draw the process out, noticing that several
young men had already gathered around, eager no doubt for their first really
good look at a woman's bare crotch, I decided we needed to wrap things up
and leave the park.

"Normally-" I continued as I stood up. "-such willful rebellion would call
for twenty or thirty lashes."  I paused to let the numbers sink in, then I
leaned over and wiped the tears off her cheek again.  "Since this is your
first offense we are going to give you just a taste of what will have coming
if you ever defy us again.  Nancy-" I said turning to my wife.

"Yes dear?"  She responded stopping her inspection of Patsy's exposed nether
regions.

"Do you have the offending panties?" I asked holding out my hand.

"Here they are honey."  She answered as she pulled them from her pocket
then, after placing them in my waiting hand, continued with her inspection.

"You will receive five lashes from your Mistress for wearing panties-" I
informed Patsy as I pushed the panties crotch first between her slack
compliant lips and into her mouth.  "-then you will receive five from me for
refusing to answer when I asked you what you were to be punished for."
Satisfied that she had taken enough of the panties into her mouth to gag any
screams I leaned close to her ear once more.  "You just pretend that your
wrists are tied to the table edges and don't turn loose until we tell you
to."  I gave her hair another gentle pet then after handing my belt to
Nancy, I stood back to watch the action.

To my surprise Nancy stepped back and put her entire weight behind the first
swing.  The belt hitting Patsy's naked butt sounded like a gunshot in the
quite park.  Patsy's body jerked violently when the belt landed and a
muffled cry could be heard through her panty gag.  I enjoyed watching Nancy
whipping Patsy's rear so much I continued watching as Nancy delivered all
ten strokes.

Each time the belt hit, Patsy would jerk and another red welt would appear
across her rear or the back of her thighs.  After counting ten I stepped in
and grabbed Nancy's arm before she could deliver another one.  When I
grabbed her wrist Nancy was spun around by her momentum and ended up in my
arms.  Her eyes shown, her face was flushed with excitement.  As soon as her
body touched mine our lips met, our tongues danced and our hips gyrated
against each other.

After a long passionate kiss we broke, and each moving to an opposite side
of the table helped Patsy back to a standing position.  We both held Patsy's
quivering sobbing body while we stroked her hair and comforted her, telling
how good she had been during the punishment and that all was forgiven now.
Patsy sobbed against my chest and begged forgiveness for her disobedience.
We held Patsy sandwiched between us until her sobs began to die down, then
we walked her back up the levee and to the car.

Once we were back at the car Patsy pulled her skirt up and placed her hands
behind her back as she had been instructed, without having to be reminded.
After starting the car I paused to pull her skirt up a little higher, then
tilted the mirror so I could view her smoothly shaved crotch as I drove.
After observing my actions Patsy spread her legs voluntarily though she did
blush when I looked over at her before pulling away from the curb.  As we
drove off a police car approached the park from the opposite direction.

"Well,-" I sad to Patsy as I turned the corner. "-it looks like the papers
won't have headlines about you having your bare ass spanked in Tuxedo Park
after all."  Much to Nancy and my enjoyment, Patsy's blush deepened almost
to the level she had attained on Saturday.




Our New Toy
Part 07
By
Norm DePloom

As I drove away from the scene I slipped my right hand between Patsy's
thighs to test the warmth and moistness produced by her first public
spanking.  Her legs trembled from the tension of suppressing her life long
training to close her thighs and pull away from my invading hand, but her
skin was warm, and moist.

"We promised your mother improved grades if you lived with us during
finals-"  I informed Patsy. "-so we better get you home for some heavy duty
studying.  We're going to use some unique positive-"  I gave Patsy a quick
grin.  "-and negative stimulus to improve your retention while you're
studying."

As I talked I drove to a local fried chicken place.  I parked the car then
got out my pocket knife and, after cutting the buttons from her blouse,
pulled the tails up and tied them together just below her breasts.  When I
finished I opened the car door and pulled Patsy out with me.  Nancy came
around from her side of the car and rolled Patsy's skirt up until her crotch
just peeked out from under the hem.

"Buy us a bucket of chicken."  I instructed, handing her a twenty-dollar
bill.  Patsy looked down at the modifications we had made to her clothing,
looked at the crowded chicken restaurant, then looked back and forth from
Nancy and I pleading with her teary eyes for us to not make her do this.

"Shoulders back,-" I instructed turning her to face the door.  "-chest
out,-" I continued giving Nancy a smile behind Patsy's back.  "-walk tall
and make us proud of you."  I finished, giving her a gentle push on the
small of her back.  Putting my right arm around Nancy and cupping her breast
with my hand I tweaked her nipple while we watched Patsy, the lower curves
of her buttocks peeking provocatively out from underneath her shortened
skirt, walk uncertainly into the crowded restaurant.  We continued to watch
through the window as Patsy, pulling at the hem of her skirt and trying to
keep her breasts from falling out of her blouse, slowly worked her way up to
the counter.

Grabbing the food in one hand and the change in the other, Patsy's smooth,
shaved pussy flashed the world through the window and her breasts bounced in
and out of her blouse as she held the bag of chicken up to hide her face and
ran from the restaurant.

"Oh god I hope he didn't see me."  She sobbed as she almost collapsed into
our arms.

"Who?"  I asked allowing her to hide her face against my chest.

"Mr. Franklin."  She sobbed, still hiding her face.

"Who-" Nancy asked as she stroked Patsy's hair and pulled strands of it away
from her face.  "-is Mr. Franklin?"

"He's one of my father's best friends,-"  Patsy sniffled.  "-and an elder in
our church."

"And you didn't stop and say 'Hi' to him?"  I asked as I lifted her head off
my chest and held her by her shoulders.  "I will not have you being rude to
people, you march right back in there and say 'Hi' to him."

"NO, please,-" Patsy's tears began to flow even more heavily.  "-if he sees
me like this he'll tell my parents."

"I will not have a slave of mine-" As I talked I shortened her skirt even
more.  Enough so that her smooth crotch would be visible with even the
smallest step.  Then pulled her blouse further apart until her nipples just
began to show.  "-be rude to anybody.-"  I turned her around so she faced
the restaurant.  "-Now get your butt in there and say 'Hi' to your Daddy's
best friend."

"NO!" Patsy almost shouted with more defiance than she had ever displayed
before.  "I'd rather be spanked in public again than let him see me like
this."  I spun Patsy around and pushing her up against the car placed my
hand on Patsy throat.

"Listen you spoiled little bitch."  I hissed with a great display of anger.
"You are going to be punished for this later,-" I leaned forward and talked
in low but menacing tones close to her ear while putting just enough
pressure on her neck to make her uncomfortable.  "-and that punishment is
going to make today's spanking look like tender love making."  I eased off
with my hand on her neck and made a show of getting my 'anger' under
control.

"Now,-" I finally continued. "-either you go in and say 'Hi' to Mr. Franklin
or we will strip you right here and parade you through the restaurant
completely naked."  I pulled her away from the car and gave her a shove
toward the building.  "Go." I ordered.

"And don't you dare-" I called after her as she walked toward the door.
"-pull your skirt down or attempt to cover yourself."  Patsy was trembling
so violently with a combination of fear, humiliation and anger that she
could barely walk.  I reached down and eased the tightness in my pants as we
watched her approach the table where Mr. Franklin was eating his dinner.

When Patsy walked up to his table Mr. Franklin looked up, then did a double
take when he recognized the half-naked girl saying 'Hi' to him.  We watched
as he stood up and taking Patsy's right hand in his right hand put his left
hand on top of her's and spoke to her very earnestly.  A moment later he
moved his left hand to Patsy's elbow, then they both looked out the window
toward us.  We gave them a friendly wave.  He waved back with his left hand
then placed it midway up her upper arm where his thumb just 'happened' to
hit on the naked half of her right nipple.

"He's not going to tell her parents."  I announced with confidence.  Patsy's
angry/scared look changed to one of confusion as her Father's best friend
rocked his hand back and forth causing his thumb to rube against her nipple
while he told her how good it was to see her.  Patsy again pointed to us in
the parking lot and Mr. Franklin waved and smiled at us. Patsy said goodbye
and walked out to where we waited in the parking lot with Mr. Franklin
watching her every step.

"What did he say?" I asked Patsy once we were in the car and safely away
from the fried chicken restaurant.

"He wanted me to eat dinner with him."  She responded with a tone of wonder.

"Is that all?" Nancy asked her as she encouraged Patsy to spread her legs a
little wider.

"No, he wanted me to come home with him and watch some videos."

"That dirty old man wants to fuck our little Patsy."  I said to Nancy.
Patsy almost choked at the idea, then turned beet red down to her exposed
nipples.

"What did you say when he invited you to come to his home with him and
'watch videos'?"  Nancy asked tugging gently at Patsy's blouse to expose
just a bit more of her hard crinkled nipples.

"I told him that I was with you, and that I'd have to ask you first."  Patsy
answered quietly looking down at my fingers moving lightly and slowly up and
down her inner thigh.

"That's a good answer, but in the future tell the person that they will have
to ask us, and-" I continued giving her thigh a squeeze.  "-remember to
address us as 'Master' and 'Mistress' even if you're talking to some one
else."

"Yes master." Her voice was almost inaudible.

"Did your nipple get hard when your daddy's best friend rubbed it with his
thumb?"  Nancy asked as she gently rubbed the same nipple that he had
rubbed.

"Yes Mistress."  Patsy answered her nipples hardening further under Nancy's
manipulating fingers and her embarrassed red hue deepening several degrees.

"Does it make you wet?" I asked slipping my hand up her thighs until my
little finger rested against her smooth and very warm crotch.  "Knowing that
your daddy's best friend wants to get inside you?"

"Yes Master."  She answered after swallowing a couple of times.  We drove in
silence the rest of the way back to our apartment, my finger moving gently
against Patsy's crotch and Nancy's fingers gently squeezing her nipple.

By the time I parked the car at our apartment complex Patsy was squirming
with sexual excitement.  I got out of the car and, after walking around to
the passenger side, opened the door and offered Nancy a hand.  After helping
Nancy from the car I extended my hand and helped Patsy scoot across the seat
and climb out of the car then, keeping her between my body and the car I
untied her blouse and pulled it down he arms leaving her naked from the
waist up.

"Should we-" I asked turning to Nancy.  "-leave her skirt on? Or strip her
completely?"

"Strip her completely." Nancy answered immediately without a moment's
hesitation.  After unrolling the waistband I unbuttoned and unzipped Patsy's
skirt then let it slide down her legs where it rested around her ankles on
the asphalt.

"Step out of your skirt."  I ordered.  Taking Patsy's purse from her I
looked though it until I found her collar, then after fastening the collar
around her neck, handed the purse to Nancy.  Holding her up against the car
with my hands on her upper arms I leaned over and sucked on then blew on
each of her nipples making them even harder than they had been before.
Patsy was moaning and breathing hard by the time I stood up and released her
arms.

Nancy and I each took one of Patsy's arms to walk her to our apartment.
Patsy's entire body was trembling visibly with a potent combination of
excitement, embarrassment and fear.  Her inner lips were just visible,
peaking cutely out from between the outer lips of her shaved pussy.  Wearing
nothing except a pair of sandals, a red face, a scared smile, a pair of
incredibly hard nipples and her slave collar Patsy walked between us as we
slowly strolled through the apartment complex, past the swimming pool where
she received applause from the males and jealous glares from their
girlfriends and finally to our apartment door.

Nancy and I sat facing each other across the table with Patsy kneeling at
the end of the table facing us.  As we ate we would each feed her pieces of
chicken, bites of our biscuits or spoonfuls of our mashed potatoes and
gravy.

"Did you enjoy licking my wife?"  I asked Patsy feeding her a bite of
biscuit with honey.

"No."  She answered with surprising emphasis.  Then quickly said.  "I mean
no Master."

"Maybe you'll like it better if we put some honey on it."  I suggested as I
wiped some honey that had dripped on my finger onto her nipple.  As soon as
I took my hand away Nancy leaned over and licked the sticky nipple clean
again.  As soon as Nancy pulled her head away from Patsy's breast I smeared
more honey on Patsy's other nipple.  Taking up the challenge Nancy spent
even more time sucking that one clean.

A new game had been born.  I dribbled honey between Patsy's breasts and down
her stomach.  Nancy got down on her knees and followed the trail of honey,
licking and kissing her skin clean.  When she was done Nancy looked at me
expectantly waiting to see where I would deposit the next batch of honey.
Scooping some out of the bottle with my finger I spread it over Patsy's
lips.  Nancy helped Patsy lower herself from her kneeling position to a
setting position then sat between her legs and, placing her own legs around
Patsy and pulling their two bodies together, brought their mouths into
contact.  The licking soon turned into a long passionate kiss between
Mistress and slave.  Nancy, without breaking the kiss, unbuttoned her own
blouse so her naked breasts could rub against Patsy's as her tongue explored
the inside of Patsy's mouth.

As the kiss built in passion I spread honey down each side of Patsy's neck
from just below her ear to the top of each breast.  Both women were flush
with excitement and breathing in excited gasps as Nancy followed the twin
tails of sweetness back to Patsy's heaving breasts.  I made a second trail
of honey down Patsy's stomach stopping just short of her engorged excited
clitoris.  Nancy slowly followed the trail, and despite Patsy's gentle
begging hip thrusts, stopped just before reaching her un-honeyed clitoris.

Deep excited moans came from Patsy's throat as I spread her legs and
dribbled honey up her inner thighs from her knees to just short of her
swollen eager nether-lips.  Nancy eagerly cleaned the new trails of
sweetness from Patsy's smooth skin, luxuriating in the warmth and firmness
of her body.  Nancy took at least ten minutes to thoroughly clean the sticky
honey from Patsy's thigh.

"Please, oh please."  Patsy begged rocking her hips with greater enthusiasm
as Nancy stopped her licking where the honey trail stopped, just short of
her ultimate goal.

"Don't worry, Nancy will take care of you,-" I assured Patsy as I pushed
Nancy down onto the floor. "-but first you have to play the honey game with
Nancy."  As I talked I smeared honey on both of Nancy's hard nipples.  Patsy
hesitated for only a minute before crawling up to Nancy and, lowering her
head, began to suck and lick Nancy's first nipple.

I followed the same pattern, after Nancy's nipples were completely clean, I
smeared honey no her lips, which instigated another long passionate kiss
between the two of them.  Then down the sides of her throat back to her
breasts.  While Patsy obediently cleaned the sticky honey from her
Mistress's breasts, I removed the rest of Nancy's clothes.

Next the honey went down from between her breasts, ending in a liberal
amount dribbled over her pubic hair.  Patsy is a fast learner, she licked
her way down across Nancy's stomach then thoroughly cleaned every bit of
honey from her pubic hair being careful not to touch her clitoris.  Shifting
her body to begin cleaning the sticky trails from Nancy's inner thighs Patsy
placed her self close to the traditional sixty-nine position, giving Nancy
the opportunity to caress Patsy's thighs at the same time.

When the thighs were once again cleaned of all traces of the sweet sticky
honey Patsy looked up at me expectantly, then watched with wide eyed wonder
as I dribbled the honey directly on Nancy's swollen clitoris and her
engorged inner and outer lips.

After giving me shy smile Patsy lowered her head into Nancy's honey soaked
crotch and began licking her Mistress with unexpected enthusiasm.  Nancy
rolled over on top of Patsy placing one leg on each side of Patsy's head,
then lowered her own head into Patsy's waiting crotch.  While the two women
explored each other with their tongues I traded the honey jar for my camera
and began documenting the hot action on the floor.

I took pictures as unobtrusively as possible, only occasionally moving a
leg, or changing the angle of a head to get a better shot of a tongue on a
clitoris or to make sure that Patsy was recognizable.  Nancy and Patsy
stayed locked together through three or four hip pumping, crotch grinding
orgasms before Nancy rolled off our slave and the two of them laid arm in
arm snuggling and catching their breaths.  This too I photographed,
believing that every woman looks best right after a good fuck.

By this time my need was desperately obvious.  I considered taking Patsy but
held off since I still had plans for making Patsy's first time really
special.  Patsy looked away in embarrassment as Nancy knelt between my knees
and, after releasing me from my trousers sucked me into her hot wet mouth.

"Come over here."  I ordered Patsy indicating a spot on the floor next to
Nancy and myself.  "You remember my promise in the J.O. booth?"  Patsy
nodded her head 'yes' as her face turned a brighter shade of red.  It was
obvious that she considered it more a threat than a promise, and that she
was hoping that I'd forgotten.

"Watch and learn-" I instructed putting my arm around her shoulders and
directing her attention to Nancy's expert oral manipulation of my rigid
member.  "-so you'll know what you have to do when you're in that booth."




Our New Toy
Part 08
By
Norm DePloom

	"It's time for you to get on with your studying"  I said taking on a
stern demeanor after giving Nancy and Patsy a chance to catch their breath
wrapped in each others arms.

       "I promised your mother an improvement in your grades-"  I continued
pulling Patsy up from the floor. "-and just because your Mistress is being a
horny little slut-" I smiled and winked at Nancy, she stuck her tongue out at
me.
      
       "Don't stick it out unless you plan on using it."  I said as an aside to
my wife, sinking to the same childish level she was displaying.
      
       "Come here and I'll show you what I plan to use it for."  She replied
rolling over onto her hands and knees then, wagging her tongue obscenely, she
moved towards my crotch with sensuous feline-esque movements.  The large bulge
in the front of my pants testified to my aching need.
      
       "There will be plenty of time for that,-"  I said as I gently pushed her
away ignoring her exaggerated pout.  "-but, as I was saying, your Mistress being
a horny little slut doesn't change the need for you to study."  I took Patsy by
the e arm and guided her to a small desk set up in the corner of the front room. 
Nancy abandoned her pout and followed us, anxious to join in the study 'games'
I'd devised to improve Patsy's learning. 
      
       "Stand here."  I instructed her as I retrieved my equipment from the desk
drawer.
      
       "This-" I informed Patsy, as I held the device up so she could see it. 
"-is a Tens unit."  Seeing the blank look on her face I explained further.  "A
Tens unit is designed to relieve pain by passing a mild electric current through
the affected area."  As I talked I applied one of the sticky foam, disk shaped
electrodes to each of her nipples. 
      
       "Spread your legs."  I ordered, as I sat down on the straight-backed desk
chair.   I was pleased to see that despite her blush and her obvious discomfort
at being handled by me in such an intimate yet casual manner, Patsy obeyed
immediately.  "I've made a few modifications in it of course."  I explained as I
placed the third electrode over her clitoris.
      
       "Turn around."  I ordered once her 'clit-trode' was in place.  "Spread
your legs more and bend over."  Patsy moaned with embarrassment as she followed
my order.  Nancy pulled another chair over and, still naked, sat down beside me.
      
       "Bend over as far as you can-" I clarified my desires.  "-and reach back
and spread yourself open."  Nancy and I watched Patsy's upside down face through
her legs turn bright red as she hesitated then, reaching back with both hands,
pulled her butt cheeks apart.  We stared with open lust at Patsy's 'charms' so
enticingly displayed for our enjoyment.
      
       "How-" Nancy asked as she reached out with one finger and gently touched
the tightly closed quivering orifice that had become the center of our
attention.  "-can you resist?"  Taking into considering my extreme hardness, I
wondered the same thing.  It took all my will power to resist the urge to pull
my trousers down and force myself into whichever place I happened to hit when I
stood up.  I ran my hand up her inner thigh enjoying the feel of her firm warm
trembling flesh. 
      
       "Open your eyes."  I commanded when I noticed that Patsy's eyes were
squeezed shut and tears were rolling 'down' her forehead and into her hair. 
      
       "Let's get her wired up-"  I suggested to Nancy removing my hand from her
enticing thigh and picking up the last of the self-adhesive electrodes.  "-so
she can start studying and we can relieve our - ah - 'tension'."  I finished
pushing Nancy's finger away and applying the last electrode in its place.
      
       "You can stand up and turn around now."    Patsy did as I had instructed
and stood in front of us with wires hanging from each of her nipples and from
between her butt cheeks. 
      
       "Remember this?"  I asked holding the modified butterfly vibrator up for
Patsy to see.  "You had such a wonderful public orgasm the last time you wore
it."  I reminded her.  Her bright red blush was enough to tell me that she did
indeed remember the appliance I was about to strap into place between her legs. 
I had removed the on/off switch and remoted it with thin wires running from the
removed switch into the vibrator through the small hole left by its removal. 
Pushing it snugly against Patsy, Nancy and I strapped it into place. 
      
       "Sit down."  Nancy ordered as she stood up and pushed her chair towards
Patsy, who turned the chair then sat facing us.  Nancy stood beside me and
draped her arm over my shoulder.  I could feel the warmth radiating from her
naked body as I attached the wires hanging from Patsy's various body parts to
the Tens controller.  The expression on Patsy's face, combined with her body
language, revealed concern about what was about to happen to her.
      
       "We have developed our own process to help you learn."  I gave her my
best 'evil' smile and almost laughed when she cringed in genuine fear.
      
       "Here-"  I said pointing to a thin binder setting on the desk.  "-is a
distillation of every thing you should know before you take your final in US
History."  Patsy looked through the binder as I talked.  "We will give you a
reasonable amount of time to review the material-" Patsy's eyes dropped to my
lap where Nancy was doing her best to distract me by unzipping my fly and
messaging me where I stuck straight up out of my pants.  Patsy blushed, but did
not move her eyes from the sight of Nancy's hand moving slowly up and down. 
"-then-" I continued trying to ignore Nancy's actions. "-you will be tested." 
All three of us sat for a moment each of our worlds revolving around Nancy's
hand. 
      
       "When we test you-" I finally continued.  "-you will be punished for
every wrong answer-"  I pushed the button on the Tens causing separate painful
but harmless jolts, one between her nipples, and the other between her clitoris
and her anus.  Patsy's body jerked as she squealed more from surprise than pain.
"-and you will be rewarded for your correct answers."  I finished turning on the
vibrator nestled between her legs.  Patsy jumped and squealed once more, the to
reactions being almost identical. 
      
       "Now-"  I said as Nancy, using my erection as a pivot point, slipped off
her chair and sank to her knees in front of me.  Patsy, with seeming reluctance,
turned her chair towards the desk and picking up the study book, pretended not
to watch as Nancy took me completely into her mouth.  I moaned softly and
grinned at our blushing toy as Nancy's head moved slowly up and down. Patsy, her
view being limited, the intimate details being blocked by the back of Nancy's
head, soon went back to her studying.  Only her bright red face revealed that
she was aware of what was happening only a couple of feet from where she sat. 
      
       After a few minutes of expert oral manipulation Nancy released me from
her mouth and, kissing and licking her way up my chest, buried her tongue deeply
into my mouth while she straddled my lap and continued with her nether-lips what
she had so recently abandoned with the lips she now pressed against mine.  I
watched over Nancy's shoulder as Patsy gave up all pretense of studying and
stared with equal portions of curiosity, embarrassment and growing lust the
display now being offered for her to view.  Since Nancy's back was turned
towards her, Patsy was experiencing an 'up close and personal' view of the male
and female genitalia in action for the first time in her life.  As I watched
Patsy's right hand slipped from the desk and moved slowly down her stomach.
      
       "No!"  I ordered just as Patsy's legs spread and her fingers started to
push under the vibrator.  "You are not allowed to touch yourself."  She jumped
like a person being awakened from a trance and jerked her hand back onto the
desk. 
      
       "Tch, tch, tch-"  Nancy said pushing her hair aside and looking over her
shoulder.  "-how dare you watch your owners without their permission."  She
finished with very convincing mock severity.  Without pausing in her steady up
and down movements in my lap, Nancy turning her mouth back to mine, then arched
her back to give Patsy an even better view of the 'action'.  From then on Nancy
would, every few minutes, abandon her attempts to suck my tongue from my head to
peek over her shoulder.  Having assured her 'inner exhibitionist' that Patsy was
still watching Nancy would return to her single-minded efforts to perfect her
vacuum tongue-ectomy technique.
      
       We found fucking in front of our new toy to be even more thrilling than
we had imagined.  Just the two of us with her watching set us off like Forth of
July fireworks.  Nancy put on an even bigger than usual orgasmic display to
impress Patsy then the two of us clung to each other, our bodies still connected
while we caught our breath. 
      
       "Wow"  Was about all I could say. 
      
       "Normally-" Nancy said to Patsy as she 'dismounted' and, stepping over to
her, leaned over and nuzzled Patsy's neck while she continued softly in her ear. 
"-you would be expected to lick us clean when we finish, but since your studying
we'll have to leave that until later."  Nancy cupped Patsy's breasts from
behind.  "I'm sure you will grow to love the taste of your Master's cum as it
drips back out of me onto your waiting tongue."  The expression on Patsy's face
told us that she doubted that she would ever love such a thing. 
      
       "I think it's time to test our toy's knowledge."  I announced
straightening up my clothes and enjoying the look of horror on Patsy's face.  As
I asked the predetermined questions Nancy 'manned' the buttons and administrated
rewards and punishments according to Patsy's answers.  The expressions on her
face were exquisite.  I could not decide which I liked the best; the face she
made when she was in pain, the face she made when she was being pleasured by the
vibrator or that wonderful expression of fear, desire and anticipation that
momentarily crossed her face as she waited for her punishment or reward after
she answered a question.  By the time the last question had been asked and
answered the experience had left Patsy panting on the brink of an orgasm, and
Nancy and I in states of obvious excitement.  The aroma of Patsy's excitement
mixed with Nancy's more familiar scent and filled me with the almost
irresistible desire to take both of them at the same time right there on the
floor.  Instead I gave Patsy a list of page numbers for her to review in her
study book then, reluctantly leaving her to continue under Nancy's supervision,
excused myself to take care of some of my own work. 
      
       I half expected Nancy to give into her own unbridled lust and spend the
time riding Patsy's face to orgasm after orgasm instead of keeping her busy with
her studies.  When I returned I entered the apartment quietly so I could do a
little spying on the two women.  I positioned myself in the hallway shadows
where I could see and hear them without being seen. 
      
       "Why won't he-" Patsy paused, biting her lip, obviously unsure about how
to continue.  "-why won't he have sex with me?"  She finally asked with tears
streaming down her cheeks.  "Doesn't he like me?"  She finished in a tiny
pitiful voice.   
      
       "Of course he does."  Nancy replied taking Patsy's hands in hers and
looking tenderly into Patsy's large innocent eyes.  "Playing with you makes him
so hard it feels like an iron rod when he puts it inside me."  Patsy smiled
shyly as she stared back into Nancy's eyes without wavering.  "I know he is
planing something special for you."  Nancy continued.  They sat quietly for a
moment then Nancy reached up and touched Patsy's cheek.  "What's your fantasy?" 
She asked softly.  "What do you think of at night when you touch yourself?" 
Nancy asked with gentle sincerity.  Patsy blushed deeply then began to answer
slowly in a barely audible voice.
      
       "My favorite is to imagine that I'm living a long time ago, and that
Viking pirates have kidnapped me."
      
       "Go on." Nancy encouraged.
      
       "I'm on their sailing ship.  I'm naked and chained by the neck to the bed
in the captain's cabin.  All I can do is wait for the big burley bearded captain
to come in and use me in whatever way he wants to." 
      
       "And?" Nancy asked her own imagination obviously being stimulated by the
fantasy being related to her. 
      
       "You know what really turns me on about that fantasy?"  Patsy asked.
      
       "What?"
      
       "Knowing that when the captain has finished ravishing me he's going to
chain me to the mast naked and the whole crew of pirates will take turns with
me, and knowing that for the rest of my life any man who wants me will take me
any time and any way he wants to."
      
       "Being in chains makes you free."  Nancy stated without emotion.  "We are
putting you in chains here."  Nancy continued placing her finger on Patsy's
forehead.  "And once you have been chained here-" Nancy again pointed to Patsy's
head. "-you don't need chains anywhere else except for decoration."   Nancy
reached into the desk drawer and pulled out several silk ribbons that she had
prepared.
      
       "Hold out your wrists"  Nancy ordered becoming once again the mistress
instead of the confidant. Nancy placed a ribbon around Patsy's right wrist and
fastened it with the Velcro she had already sewn onto the ribbon.
      
       "As far as you are concerned-" Nancy addressed Patsy with total
seriousness. "-this is a steel manacle welded around your wrist."  Nancy
continued speaking as she placed another ribbon on Patsy's left wrist.  "You
cannot remove them, ever, and no one else can remove them for you."  After
placing the ribbon around Patsy's left wrist Nancy pointed to Patsy's right foot
which Patsy obediently raised.
      
       "Only your owners,-" Nancy continued as she affixed ribbons to each of
Patsy's ankles. "-your Master and I can remove them."  Patsy looked at the silk
ribbons around her wrists and ankles. 
      
       "Take off your collar."  Patsy looked shocked at the order, but unbuckled
the leather collar with a broken-hearted expression on her face.  Nancy took the
collar from Patsy and placed it on the desk.
      
       "This-" Nancy intoned as she placed a silk ribbon around Patsy's neck and
pushed the Velcro tabs together. "-is your new steel collar that I have just
welded around your neck."
      
       "Now, put your hands on your legs."  Nancy waited patiently while Patsy
moved her hands and laid them palm down on her thighs.  "This-" Nancy announced
picking up a length of red silk ribbon "-is an iron chain."  Looping the red
ribbon under each of the red silk 'manacles' Nancy tied it in a loose half knot,
which could be pulled apart with the gentlest pull. 
      
       "Your wrists are now chained together."  Nancy said as she sat back and
looked at Patsy.  I was also looking at Patsy, and it was a very erotic sight. 
Naked, half lit by the desk lamp with red silk adorning her ankles, wrists and
throat. 
      
       "We understand-" Nancy continued, leaning forward and speaking to Patsy
in a soft, gentle tone.  "-that you might occasionally forget, or when you are
excited you might move in a way that would make your chains come loose."  Nancy
reached out and touched Patsy's bare knee.  "That is a training matter and will
be dealt with by the use of whippings or extreme humiliations until you learn to
not let them happen." 
      
       "But listen close and understand this-" Nancy moved closer as she spoke
until her knees touched Patsy's, then with one of her hands on each of Patsy's
legs Nancy continued.  "-if you ever deliberately take them off, or knowingly
treat them as anything less than iron chains you will be punished in the most
saver way possible.  They sat silently for a moment while Patsy pondered what
punishment could be worse than whippings or extreme humiliations, both of which
scared her almost senseless.
      
       "Would you like to know what that ultimate punishment will be?"
      
       "Yes" Patsy answered in a small, quivering very unsure voice.
      
       "If you ever intentionally remove one of these manacles, or intentionally
break one of these chains."  Nancy paused dramatically then continued.  "You
will be dressed in you own clothes and sent back to your parents home."  Nancy
paused again. "And you will never, ever, get to be our toy again."  It was a
gamble, and I thought that it was too early in the training but Nancy proved me
wrong.
      
       Patsy sat and stared down at her red silk bindings.  I could see her
thoughts on her face.  All she had to do was pull her hands apart and she would
be free from us, free from the humiliation and physical pain we were putting her
through.   Then I watched as her face reflected the gut wrenching inner
realization that she could not live without us or without what we were doing to
her.  She dropped her eyes and stared at her lap. 
      
       "Yes Mistress."  It was so low I almost missed it.  It was truly the most
erotic sight I had ever seen, a naked young woman chained with a red silk
ribbon.   I paused to enjoy the sight for a few minutes then stepped over and
opened the front door.  Closing the door noisily I walked down the hall and into
the front room where the two naked young ladies were waiting for me. 
      
       "You ready to be tested?"  Patsy looked up with an uncertain look on her
face.
      
       "You bet she is." Nancy assured me giving Patsy's knee a squeeze.  We put
Patsy through another test, which resulted in only two shocks, but left Patsy
panting on the verge of another orgasm. 
      
       "Well,-"  I said as I began pealing the sticky electrodes from her
nipples after the test was completed. "-I think you are ready for that final
tomorrow."   Patsy blushed appropriately as we handled the most private parts of
her body removing our testing equipment, before we stood her, still naked, in
front of us.
      
       "You will now be given fifteen minutes to take care of your personal
needs."  Nancy, setting beside me still just as naked as our toy, instructed
Patsy.  "During this time you must clean yourself, shave your pubic area to
maintain complete smoothness then report back to us for inspection."  Nancy
reached out for Patsy's wrist.
      
       "I will now remove your manacles and leg irons-" Nancy removed the red
satin ribbons from Patsy's wrists and ankles as sae spoke. "-so the will not
interfere with your cleaning your body." 
      
      
       "Remember-" I reminded her as she turned to leave the room. "-you are
expected to clean yourself thoroughly, but you are not allowed to touch your
breasts, your nipples, or your crotch any more than absolutely necessary to
accomplish that, and under no circumstances are you to have an orgasm while you
are taking care of these needs."  I dismissed her with a wave of my hand and
Nancy and I both watched her enticing rear as she walked away from us towards
the bathroom.  Barely fourteen minutes later she presented herself in the front
room for our approval.
      
       "Step over here."  I said indicating a spot right in front of my chair. 
After she complied with my command I watched the play of emotions across her
face as I ran my hands over her crotch to check the smoothness of her first
self-administered shave.  I could feel her engorged and sensitive inner and
outer lips rubbing against the palm of my hand.  I was thrilled by the thought
that here was a young pretty female human being who, if I continued to handle
her correctly, would willingly do anything I told her to do, with any one I told
her to do it with.  The erotic nature of that power made me hard and, once again
I had to resist the urge to throw her to the floor and take her forcefully right
on the spot.
      
       "Please."  Patsy whispered, seemingly reading my thoughts as she watched
the bulge grow in the front of my trousers. 
      
       "Not yet-" I answered back softly. "-but soon."  Nancy beckoned the
obviously frustrated girl over to stand in front of her. 
      
       "Lift your leg." She ordered.  "I'm going to put your leg irons-"  As
Nancy talked she replaced the silk ribbons around Patsy's ankles and neck. 
"-and your collar back on,  your manacles will wait until after you bath us." 
Nancy let her hands linger on Patsy's smooth skin as she gave her instructions. 
"Go run me a nice hot bath with bath salts and scented oil-"  Nancy's hands
roamed to Patsy's breasts where they were encouraging her nipples to harden even
more than they already were.  "-when the bath is ready you will come back into
this room and kneel in front of me."  Nancy's hands moved down across Patsy's
stomach.  "You will remain kneeling until I acknowledge you, then you will
announce that my bath is ready."  Nancy removed her hand from Patsy's crotch and
allowed her to leave the room. 
      
       "What are you going to do about that poor frustrated girls virginity?" 
Nancy asked me as soon as we were alone.  "And when are you going to do it?" 
      
       "Soon."  I answered her.  "Maybe this weekend if I can get everything
arranged." 
      
       "What are you planning?"  Nancy asked almost in a whisper.  
      
       "Something she'll never forget."  I smiled at Nancy then reached over and
took her hand.  "Trust me-"  I continued.  "-when that day is over she will
never again doubt that she is our property to do with as we please."  We changed
the subject, but continued to talk as Patsy walked across the room to kneel
naked and, at least for the moment, ignored in front of Nancy. 
      
       "Your bath is ready."  Patsy announced a few minutes later after
receiving an acknowledging wave of the hand.  Nancy followed the hand wave with
a medium hard slap across Patsy's face.  Even before the sting of the slap had
time to reach its peak Nancy reached out and touched Patsy's lips then let her
fingers linger on them in a gentle caress as she spoke. 
      
       "I have been lenient with you today because you have given me immense
pleasure with these lips,-"  Nancy's caress remained tender even while her tone
grew more harsh.  "-but you must remember to address us as 'Master' and
'Mistress'."  
      
       "Yes Mistress."  Patsy answered with quiet contrition. 
      
       "Now, tell me again."  Nancy ordered, removing her fingers from Patsy's
lips with obvious reluctance. 
      
       "Your bath is ready Mistress."  Patsy said softly as she continued to
kneel in front of Nancy. 
      
       "Come along."  Nancy said curtly as she stood and walked in all her naked
glory towards the bathroom.  Patsy rose to her feet and followed.  I picked up
my camera and followed the two magnificently nude females into the bathroom
where I took pictures while Patsy soaped and washed every inch of Nancy's body. 
When the bath was finished Nancy stepped from the tub and smiled coyly at the
camera while Patsy worked to dry her naked body with a large bath towel. 
      
       "Now-"  I commanded Patsy as Nancy left the bathroom with the towel
wrapped around her just above her breasts.  "-rinse out the tub, fill it with
hot water then let me know in the bedroom when my bath is ready."  Leaving Patsy
in the bathroom to complete her new assignment I went into the bedroom and,
reclining on the bed next to Nancy, gave her a brief explanation of my plans for
Patsy's deflowering party.  By the time Patsy entered the room and knelt
silently by my side of the bed waiting for my permission to speak, Nancy's eyes
were twinkling with excitement as she slowly rubbed her legs together in
anticipation for the upcoming event. 
      
       "Yes?"  I asked looking down at the naked slave-girl kneeling beside my
bed and relishing the image of what she was going to be put through in the near
future. 
      
       "Your bath is ready Master."  She stated in a soft voice. 
      
       "Undress me."  I ordered as I climbed from the bed and stood in front of
her.  Patsy stood up and with trembling fingers unbuttoned my shirt.  I
indicated for her to put the shirt on the chair next to us after she had removed
it from my body, then waited with a smile on my face and my pants tented by my
excited state, while she, with obvious embarrassment, knelt in front of me and,
unbuckling my belt, released me from the restraining material of my trousers. As
my pants slipped down my legs to settle around my ankles Patsy got the closest
look she had yet had of a turgid male organ. 
      
       "Come with me."  I ordered, without any intention of a pun, as I stepped
out of my trousers and, after walking naked to the bathroom, stepped into the
tub and sat in the hot water.  I watched her face intently as Patsy, kneeling
beside the tub, placed liquid soap on a nylon net body scrubber then, after
working it into a lather, began to tentatively rub it over my chest while she
pretended to ignore the red helmet of my engorged 'little solder' just peeking
at her above the surface of the water.  I moved this way and that, enjoying the
just plain decadent joy of having a young virgin slave girl wash every nook and
cranny of my body.  Finally we reached the point where every other part of me
had been washed. 
      
       "No."  I instructed her taking her wrist in my hand as she started to
push the soapy body scrubber into my crotch. "Use your hand."  Patsy turned a
deeper shade of red than we had seen since that first day when we took her to
lunch and I jerked gently in anticipation as the color spread from her face,
down her neck and across the tops of her breasts while she hung the scrubber on
a hook and, after rubbing soap on her hands, reached down and stroked me
tentatively up and down with her slick hand.  I sighed deeply then, pulling her
mouth to mine, kissed her deeply while she continued her soapy up and down
washing action. 
      
       "That's enough."  I declared emphatically, pulling my lips from hers and
removing her slippery hand from my crotch. 
      
       "Now dry me." I ordered after rinsing and stepping from the tub.  I
continued to stick out like a steel rod while Patsy, starting with my
extremities and working her way toward my crotch, was occasionally bumped by it
in the face.  I pulled her to her feet and slipped my hand between her legs
after she finished drying me.
      
       "You're wet."  I stated gently rubbing her with my hand.  Our bodies were
so close together that I could feel the heat of her excited embarrassment
radiating from her red-blushed skin. 
      
       "Yes Master'"  She answered breathlessly.  
      
       "Do you want me to take you right now?"  I let just the tip of my finger
slip between her inner lips. 
      
       "Yes Master, please."  She begged as her hips thrust forward trying to
impale herself on my invading finger. 
      
       "No-"  I said, taking a step back and removing my finger from its
new-found warm, wet home. "-not yet." 
      
       "Yes Master."  Patsy whimpered in disappointment. 
      
       "Now-" I continued as I turned her around and gave her a gentle push out
the bathroom door. "-while I finish in here I want you to go prepare your
Mistress for my attentions."  When I finally left the bathroom and entered the
bedroom I was greeted by the site of Nancy reclining on a pile of pillows that
were stacked against the headboard, her legs spread, holding Patsy's head
against her crotch with both hands.  Patsy was laying on her stomach stretched
out from Nancy's crotch toward the foot of the bed with her legs slightly spread
just barely giving view to her own smooth hairless crotch.  While Nancy rocked
her hips, pushing herself against Patsy's mouth an tongue, Patsy, while moving
her hands up and down her Mistress' inner thighs with growing excitement, was
also rocking her hips, trying to stimulate herself against the bed.  It proved
to be such an erotic sight that, in spite of my own needs, I stepped back into
the front room and after retrieving the camera returned to the bedroom to take
pictures of my nymphomaniacal wife being pleasured for the third time in less
than six hours by her ever more willing sex slave. 
      
       After taking several photographs of the two entwined naked women I set
the camera aside and joined them on the bed.  As I slowly caressed Patsy's up
thrust butt, letting my fingers curl down into her hot moist crotch, I was
rewarded by a muffled but still audible deep throaty moan from between Nancy's
legs.  I looked at Nancy with a raised eyebrow and after receiving a nod of
assent to my unasked question, pushed my hand more deeply between Patsy's legs
and feeling my fingers rub along her slick, well-lubricated lips, continued to
push until the tip of my finger moved over her swollen, over-sensitive clitoris. 
      
       As I moved my finger gently back and forth over her little fleshy nub of
pulsing nerve endings Patsy humped her hips more forcefully, pushing herself
against my invading fingers while she dutifully brought her Mistress to a series
of ever more gut-wrenching orgasms.  This continued until Patsy's own body shook
in a series of violent jerks as wave after wave of orgasmic muscle contractions
seemed to lift her body from the bed as she clasped her legs tightly around my
wrist and, grinding her hardened clitoris against my fingertip, drenched my hand
with the excess lubricant from her swollen lips.  I let her lay for a couple of
minutes, resting with her face still buried in Nancy's crotch before pushing her
aside and taking my own place on my knees between my wife's spread thighs. 
      
       "Now-" I instructed Nancy as I pulled her up to a setting position. "-you
will open your Mistress with one hand while you guide your Master into her with
the other."  Patsy rewarded us with another full upper-body blush as she reached
out and, with one trembling hand spread Nancy's lips open while, with the other,
she grasped my hard shaft and gently guided its helmet shaped head into the warm
eagerly waiting home. 
      
       "Now keep your hand between us and massage her clitoris."  I ordered as I
began my full, slow thrusts into Nancy.  As we moved in practiced unison, Nancy
and I both watched the play of emotions across Patsy's face as she watched, her
eyes not more than a couple of inches away, the steady in and out motions of our
sexual union. 
      
       "Suck on your Mistress' nipples."  Patsy immediately complied, beginning
to suck on the nipple nearest to her without pausing the steady rubbing of
Nancy's clitoris with her fingers.  I could tell by the look in my wife's eyes
that she was as excited by Patsy's presence in our bed while we made love as I
was.  Reaching the crises point I pushed myself fully into Nancy, trapping
Patsy's hand between us as I moaned and repeatedly jerked, emptying myself into
her waiting receptacle.  To be honest I was so overcome with my own
gratification at that moment that I can't truthfully say whether Nancy came at
the same time or not.  If not she certainly had not been deprived that day, and
made no complaint. After the three of us rested for a few minutes in one heap of
naked body parts on the bed, Nancy, after putting Patsy's silk ribbon manacles
back on her, tied one end of a length of red silk ribbon to the silk ribbon
leg-iron on Patsy's left ankle then tied the other end to the foot of the bed. 
      
       "You will sleep on the floor at the foot of the bed."  I informed Patsy
as I handed her a pillow and a blanket.  Nancy and I snuggled together under the
covers and soon we were both sound asleep. 




Our New Toy
Part 09
By
Norm DePloom

	I was awakened in the wee hours of the morning by a gentle shake and a
soft 'Master?'  Opening my eyes I saw Patsy kneeling beside the bed, her silk
chain stretched to its full length but still attached at both ends.

       "Please Master?"  She begged obviously in some great need. 
      
       "What is it Ancillula?" I asked coming out of a sound sleep.
      
       "I have to go to the Bathroom."  Patsy responded with obvious
embarrassment.  I got out of bed and, without bothering to cover my own nude
body, I untied the red silk ribbon that chained her red silk leg-iron to the
foot of the bed then, after retying one end of it to Patsy's red silk collar, I
used it as a leash to lead her through the house and out the sliding glass door
onto our small enclosed patio.  Patsy's worried look turned to one of pure panic
when I opened the redwood gate leading from our private patio to the common
grassy area between the two-story apartment buildings.  After leading her to the
center of the yard I stood and watched her patiently as she rocked back and
forth from foot to foot.  Finally her need overcame her embarrassment and,
squatting in front of me, she visibly relaxed her body to allow the stream to
flow with an audible hiss. 
      
       While she relieved the pent up pressure in her bladder Patsy watched as
my organ, not more than two inches in front of her eyes twitched and began
growing noticeably.  I rocked my hips forward until the tip of my rapidly
growing member touched her lips.  A shiver ran down Patsy's body.  A sound
combining a moan and a whimper escaped from her slowly parting lips as she
welcomed me into her warm mouth.  I watched her nipples grow hard and crinkly in
the cool night air as she clumsily worked her lips and tongue around my growing
erection.  I stroked Patsy's hair like I would have petted a loyal dog as I
filled her mouth with my still growing manhood.  
      
       "Just imagine-"  I said placing a hand on each side of her head while I
gently pushed further into her mouth.  "-that it's just one of hundreds, that
have been pushed through the glory hole, and that you have sucked, not knowing
who they belong to."  A deep moan of anticipation, mixed with dread, vibrated
against my invading organ. 
      
       "Just think-"  I continued, pushing myself deeper into Patsy's mouth only
backing off slightly when she gagged.  "-after a couple of days in that little
booth and you'll never be able to look at a man without wondering if he's
already pumped a load down your throat."   I could feel Patsy trembling with
both fear and anticipation.
      
       "There is a new rule you must remember."  I spoke to Patsy softly as I
stroked myself in and out of her wet mouth.  "If a man cums in your mouth then,
unless instructed otherwise, swallow every drop.  If he cums anywhere else on
your body-"  I continued  as I held her head with my left and stroked myself
with my right hand.  "-then you will leave it where it lands."  As if on cue I
erupted on the word 'lands', and my first spurt landed on the bridge of her
nose, right between her eyes.  I heard a soft 'ah-hm' from behind me while I
admired the way my creamy-white cum slowly oozed down Patsy's upturned face and
turned to see a neighbor couple, obviously arriving home late from some social
engagement, standing hand in hand watching the 'show'.  
      
       "That looks like fun."  The woman said with a saucy smile on her face.  I
could feel Patsy trying to hide behind my legs and gently moved her around into
full view. 
      
       "Yes,-"  I responded. "-it was quite fun." 
      
       "Is this your new toy?"  The man asked, not taking his eyes off Patsy's
hard-nippled breasts. 
      
       "Yes it is."  I replied putting my hand on the back of Patsy's head in a
re-assuring manner.  "When her training is more complete we'll invite you over." 
I could feel Patsy's whole body trembling in a combination of fear and shame as
he couple bid us 'good-night' and walked on down the walkway toward their
apartment.  
      
       "Back in the house."  I announced after watching the couple disappear
into their front door.  I noticed tears and cum rolling down Patsy's cheeks as I
walked her back into the bedroom and tied the red silk ribbon to the foot of the
bed.
      
       "In the morning-"  I told Patsy as I climbed into the bed and snuggled up
to Nancy's naked body.  "-we will give you your first lesson in the proper
techniques for  pleasuring a man orally.  I dozed off wondering if the gentle
sobs coming from the foot of the bed were caused by my implied dissatisfaction
with her untrained oral skills, or from her first experience being used solely
for the sexual pleasure of a man.  Probably both.  I do know that I was
beginning to feel slightly aroused listening to her cry as I fell asleep.
      
       "Wakee wakee."  I said to Nancy gently pinching her nipples until she
finally stirred and, rolling over to face me, cupped my testicles and gave them
a gentle squeeze. 
      
       "Good morning-" Nancy replied sleepily.  "-isn't it a little early to be
dragging me out of bed?"  She finished after glancing at the clock.  "Unless, of
course, you have plans to ravish me then let me sleep until noon."  Nancy added
with a hopeful tone and another squeeze. 
      
       "Neither of the above."  I answered continuing to pinch her easily
excited nipples.  "The burdens of slave ownership await our attention."  I
kissed Nancy gently on the forehead before continuing.  "I think we should give
our little plaything a lesson in how to orally gratify the male organ before we
dress her and send her off to school."  
      
        "Oh?"  Nancy asked mischievously as her sleepy expression was replaced
by a large grin. "She seems to be exceptionally talented when it comes to
gratifying a woman orally."  A questioning look spread over Nancy's face.  
"Exactly when did you discover her inadequacy in this area?"  Her grip on my
anatomy became almost but not quit painful.  "Tell me everything if you want to
keep these."  She finished with a laugh.  As I told Nancy about my little
adventure outside with Patsy during the night I twisted around on the bed and,
after untying the silk ribbon chaining our slave to the foot of the bed gave her
naked body a nudge. 
      
       "Go get my video camera from the front room and bring it to me." 
      
       "Yes Master."  Patsy said, acknowledging my order as she rubbed the sleep
from her eyes and walking from the room.
      
       "Poor girl."  Nancy commented when I finished my quick recitation of the
previous night's events.  "Making her perform like that the first time, then
telling her she's no good at it."  Nancy paused to shake her head with her own
melodramatic flair.  "Don't worry-"  She continued holding up her hand with her
palm towards me.  "-I'll help repair the damage-"  Nancy's  face brightened like
she had just had a brilliant idea.  "-maybe, if you leave her here at home, just
the two of us, all day, I might be able to repair the damage you've done to her
poor fragile ego."
      
       "Yea, right-"  I said giving one of Nancy's nipples a little extra twist.
"-if I left the two of you home alone all day the only thing we'd end up with is
four pair of swollen sore, over-used lips."  Nancy laughed as we both turned to
watch our naked slave walk towards us carrying my video camera. 
      
       "Now you go back out of the room-"  I instructed Patsy after taking the
video camera from her outstretched hand.  "-and, when I tell you to, I want you
to walk back into the room."  I positioned myself, reclining on the bed with my
head and shoulders slightly raised by a couple of pillows. 
      
       "Now walk into the room."  I instructed Patsy after positioning the
camera and focusing past my erection and sighting along my slightly parted legs
to the doorway.  "Smile-"  I continued my instruction as Patsy crossed the room
towards the bed.  "-lick your lips and look directly into the lens while you
walk...make it sexy-" The embarrassed red glow coming from he top half of
Patsy's body could be seen easily on the small monitor of my video camera.  In
spite of this embarrassment, Patsy was obviously turned on by this display of
her naked body and walked toward the bed with slow sensuous, cat-like movements. 
"-now continue to stare into the lens while you climb onto the bed and crawl up
between my legs...excellent, excellent-"  I encouraged her.  "-without taking
your eyes from the lens run your tongue up and down the shaft."
      
       Nancy shifted on the bed and her head and hands came into the picture on
the camera monitor.  I continued to tape the action as Nancy gave Patsy her
first real lesson on male anatomy.  Nancy caressed every part of Patsy's nude
body as she carefully pointed out each sensitive spot on my erect penis and
explained the best way to stimulate it.  The lesson ended with Nancy's advice on
how to get past the gag reflex and allow the man to penetrate into her throat. 
      
       "When he cums-" Nancy instructed as my orgasm approached. "-hold it in
your mouth without swallowing"  Nancy continued to kiss and caress Patsy as she
worked her mouth up and down my turgid shaft.  I continued to film as I filled
her mouth with my warm liquid protein. 
      
       "Now-" Nancy finished her directions.  "-let him slip from your mouth
without loosing any of it."  I caught it on tape as Patsy slowly raised her
head, her lips tightly closed, and only a small creamy-white trickle running
from the corner of her mouth. 
      
       "Come here."  Nancy ordered, bringing their lips together and forcing her
tongue into Patsy's mouth.  I zoomed in for a close-up of their mouths mashed
against each other and caught the glistening evidence of my just completed
orgasm coating their lips and running down their chins. 
      
       As I continued to tape Nancy moved herself into a sixty-nine position on
top of Patsy.  I zoomed in first on Nancy's mouth, her tongue snaking its way
deeply inside Patsy, then panned down their firm beautiful intertwined naked
bodies to zoom in on Patsy doing the same to Nancy.  I had to admit that my wife
was correct, Patsy did seem to have a natural talent when it came to pleasing
other women.  I continued taping until their bodies, after clenching together
and rocking in unison for several minutes, their squeals of orgasmic joy muffled
by each other's crotches, relaxed and rolled apart to lie side by side, head to
foot, with arms and legs still entwined, their legs open and their vaginas wet
and open to my probing camera lens. 
      
       "Now-"  Nancy instructed Patsy as she sat up and disentangled their arms
and legs after several minutes spent catching their breaths.  "-go kneel before
your Master and humbly thank him for allowing you the honor of giving him
pleasure with your mouth and receiving his manly essence in your unworthy body."  
Sitting on the edge of the bed I continued to tape as Patsy climbed off the bed
then, after walking around to my side, knelt, still naked, and, staring directly
into the camera lens repeated, as best she could and with reasonable solemnity
the message her Mistress had instructed her to say.  Then she spontaneously and
very endearingly leaned forward and placed a gentle closed lip kiss right on the
slit at the top of the helmet shaped head of my organ. 
      
       "I want to make sure you realize-"  Nancy said, setting beside me and
gently stroking Patsy's hair.  "-that even though you are still a virgin your
master's cum is now inside your un-penetrated pussy."  The two women smirked at
each other like they had just completed some secret plot to circumvent my
desires.
      
       "Come on-"  I said taking Patsy by her shoulders and lifting her to her
feet.  "-it's time to dress you for school." I positioned Patsy in the middle of
the room then sat back down on the edge of the bed.  "what-" I addressed Nancy
after taking a few moments to enjoy the view of Patsy's naked body, and the
bright red face that accompanied Patsy's suppression of her desire to cover
herself. "-have you chosen for our little slave girl to wear to school today?"
      
       "We'll start with the basics."  Nancy announced as she opened one of her
dresser drawers and pulling out a black bra.  "The school dress code requires
girls to wear bras-"  Nancy explained to Patsy as she slipped the bra straps up
her arms and onto her shoulders.  "-but no where in the dress code does it say
that the bra has to cover the nipples."  Nancy stepped aside allowing me to see
Patsy wearing a 'natural look' bra that left Patsy's nipples as well as her
ample aureoles exposed.  I watched as her nipples crinkled and hardened in spite
of her bright red cheeks. 
      
       "Of course the only proper dress for a sex slave is a collar and wrist
cuffs-"  Nancy announced as she pushed a small stool into the center of the
room.  "-but if they must be clothed then they must wear a garter-" Nancy
continued as she hooked the garter belt and stepped aside leaving it riding low
on Patsy's hips with the straps resting enticingly on her thighs.  "-and
stockings."  Nancy finished, handing Patsy a pair of black silk stockings and
indicating that she should sit on the stool and put them on while we watched. 
Patsy's blush spread down to the tops of her breasts as she sat on the low stool
and pulled the stockings up her legs.
      
       "Come here."  Nancy ordered as soon as Patsy's legs were covered with
silk.  Nancy and I fastened the tops of the stockings to the garter belt then
took a few minutes to run our hands over her firm silk covered thighs. 
      
       "The dress code-"  Nancy announced moving Patsy back to the center of the
room and pushing the stool out of the way.  "-specifically states that girls
must wear panties."  What Nancy pulled from her drawer looked more like two
rubber bands hooked together than like any pair of panties I'd ever seen before. 
      
       "Come over here."  I ordered Patsy after Nancy had helped her into her
'panties'.  Closer examination revealed my initial impression was essentially
correct.  The 'panties' consisted of one black elastic band that circled her
hips a half inch below the garter belt.  Another thin black elastic band was
attached to the first band in the front then, after running between Patsy's
thighs, attached to the first band again just above the Patsy's butt crack. 
When she put the 'panties' on our slave, Nancy had insured that the band which
ran between her legs was nestled between her tender young inner lips, and that
two small knotted 'rosebuds' that could be slipped along the band were placed
one directly on top of her clitoris, which was already swelling in response to
the pressure, and the other over that delicate, crinkled opening nestled between
her butt cheeks. 
      
       "That-" I said spreading Patsy's thighs for a better view from the rear.
"-can only be described as deliciously obscene."
      
       "Thank you, thank you."  Nancy said taking a deep bow.  "I had them made
to my exacting specifications."    I could tell from the way she held herself
that Patsy thought her humiliation had reached a new high.  I could also see
that every step sent a thrill through her clitoris. 
      
       "Here is your blouse." Nancy announced matter-of-factly as she handed
Patsy a blouse that while not as obscenely see through as the one we had dressed
her in that first day, was thin enough and sheer enough to show the outline of
her hard crinkled nipples. 
      
       "And your skirt."  The skirt was just barely long enough and the slit in
the front just barely short enough to pass muster.
      
       "Last but hardly least, your shoes."  Nancy handed Patsy a pair of high
heels considerably higher than any she had ever worn before, then held Patsy's
hand to help her balance as Patsy put on the shoes and took her first
experimental steps. 
      
       "Perfect-"  I announced.  "-you look like the school slut out to get
herself gang-fucked by the football squad."   Patsy, not unexpectedly, burst
into tears.  "The red silk collar, manacles, and leg irons add just the right
'please fuck me' touch to the ensemble."  Nancy gave me a dirty look the put her
arm around Patsy's shoulder to comfort her. 
      
       "He didn't really mean that,-"  Nancy assured Patsy drying the tears from
her eyes.  "-but I'll bet that every boy who sees you in school today will think
of nothing but fucking you until they get home and jerk-off while they imagine
you riding them hard."   For some reason that only increased  Patsy's tear
production. 
      
       "Now-"  Nancy continued as she walked towards the end  of the bed where I
was setting,  drawing Patsy along with her.  "-kneel"  Nancy indicated a spot on
the floor in front of us as she sat down beside me.
      
       "Careful-"  Nancy continued as Patsy lowered herself onto her knees. 
"-don't get a run in those expensive silk hose." 
      
       "Before we drive you to school-"  I began our instructions for Patsy's
behavior.  "-we want to make certain that you understand what is expected of you
during your last week, week and a half of high school." 
      
       "Yes Master."  Patsy replied still sniffing back tears, her body
trembling with fear or anticipation, or maybe both. 
      
       "First-" I began ticking the rules off on my fingers. "-and most
important, your collar, manacles and leggings must not be taken off for any
reason whatsoever."  I paused to look into Patsy's face to make sure she
understood our instructions.  I was pleased to see the very serious and somber
expression on her face.  
      
       "If anyone asks you about them-"  Nancy continued our instruction. 
"-just say that your new owners told you to wear them."   Patsy bit her lower
lip, obviously disturbed by the idea that she might have to mention 'owners' to
the other kids at school. 
      
       "You will participate in gym class-"  I said taking over again.  "-and if
anyone asks you about your underwear, or your hairless crotch, you will give
them the same answer, 'My new owners told me to'."  Patsy's body was beginning
to tremble with the knowledge that, before the day was out, everyone at school
would know that she had 'owners'. 
      
       "And trust me-"  I continued gently holding her head with a hand on each
of her cheeks.  "-we will know if you do not follow these instructions-"  I
paused to let that sink in. "-and if you disobey us in any way your punishment
will be far worse than a paddling in the park."
      
       "Time for school."  I announced standing up and pulling Patsy to her
feet.




Our New Toy
Part 10
By
Norm DePloom

	We dropped Patsy off at the Amos Alanzo Stagg high school main entrance
and watched the open-mouthed, bug-eyed stares of her fellow students, both male
and female, none of whom had ever imagined that she was hiding a body of such
world-class stature under the loose-fitting baggy clothes she customarily wore. 
The bright red color of Patsy's face extended down her neck and disappeared
under her thin blouse.  We knew, from experience, that this marvelous color of
her embarrassment would extend down to the tops of her almost-showing breasts. 
Patsy wobbled only briefly on her new spike high heels as she climbed the steps
and, pulling the door open with a trembling hand, disappeared inside the school. 

       Nancy and I drove to a nearby coffee shop and, after purchasing a lahte
and a triple mocha, set up our laptop.  I retrieved our receiver from the
computer case and plugged it into the port on the back of the laptop.  Almost
like magic we began receiving the image and sound from the small camera and
microphone I had hidden in Gail's purse the night before.  Gail had obviously
done some practicing and was having no problem keeping the camera focused on
Patsy without making it obvious to her. 
      
       "Oh God-"  We heard Patsy share with her erstwhile best friend.  "-I'm so
embarrassed."  Gail's 'How come?'  was almost lost by the noise of her purse
being shifted into a better position. 
      
       "I have to walk around school all day dressed like a tramp, and wearing
these ribbons,-"  We could see her pointing to the ribbon around her neck. 
"-and I have to tell anybody that asked the my new owners are making me do it,-" 
There was almost a slight sob in her voice. "-wouldn't you be embarrassed?" 
      
       "Of course I would."  Gail answered sympathetically while she moved to
keep the camera pointed at her friend.  "You could always go home and change." 
Gail suggested helpfully.  "Or just take off the ribbons until last period." 
Gail leaned closer to Patsy.  "How would they ever know?"  Patsy looked down at
her ribbon bound wrists before answering. 
      
       "No-" She said her resolve strengthening. "-I must do what they want me
to do, even if I'm not with them."  Patsy seemed to hesitate, deep in thought. 
"I've got to act like they can see my every move, even when I know they can't." 
Patsy looked into her friend's eyes.  "I can't explain it-"  She continued. 
"-but being with them, obeying them, no matter how humiliating or embarrassing
it is-"  Patsy paused searching for just the right words. "-seems to complete me
in some way I never could have imagined before it happened." 
      
       "But-" Patsy continued leaning close to her friend and speaking in a low
voice we could just barely hear.  "-this is the hardest thing I've ever had to
do."
      
       "Even harder than Sunday?"  We could hear the smirk in Gail's voice as
she asked the question. 
      
       "Yes."  Patsy answered without any signs of additional embarrassment in
front of her friend.  "Even harder than Sunday."  We heard the bell ringing in
the back ground and watched the picture jump around as Gail, still trying to
keep it pointed toward Patsy, was jostled by the hordes of high school students
heading for the day's first classes.  As soon as they were seated in class Gail,
following my instructions, turned off the camera and microphone transmitter to
save battery power.  Nancy and I sat back and, taking advantage of the relative
privacy of our corner booth, relaxed and gently touched each other under the
table while we drank our coffee and waited for the next transmission from our
little spy. 
      
       Nancy and I waited patiently, enjoying each other's company and watching
the other customers come and go from the coffee shop, until the time arrived for
us to fire up our laptop and tune in to the next installment of 'Our New Toy
Back at School'.  We re-acquired the signal just as Patsy and Gail were standing
up from their desks, collecting their books and heading for the door. 
      
       "Come on Gail,-"  I said out loud when I noticed that Patsy was carrying
her books cradled in her arms covering her breasts.  "-you know what to do." 
Almost as if she heard my voice Gail reached out and, placing a hand on Patsy's
shoulder, both stopped her forward progress and turned her to face directly into
the hidden camera.
      
       "Don't you think-" Gail asked her friend. "-that they-"  The emphasis
placed on the word 'they' made it obvious to Patsy who was being referred to. 
"-would want you to carry your books lower down, maybe by your side?"  Patsy's
face turned bright red as she moved her books revealing her breasts topped by
hard crinkly nipples almost completely not hidden by the blouse Nancy had picked
out for her. 
      
       "MMMM, they are nice."  Nancy said as she moved her hand up my leg and
squeezed my hard cock.  We watched, and listened as Patsy and Gail walked
through the crowded hallway to their next class.  Patsy's face remained red and,
although we could not see it, I'm sure the red extended down her neck and across
the tops of her breasts, as the males whistled and commented on Patsy 'new'
look.  Nancy spread her legs and I slipped my hand into her crotch as we both
imagined what Patsy's unique underwear felt like as the little 'rosebud' knots
rubbed against her with each step.  Just as they reached the door to their next
class Patsy and Gail were overtaken by another girl.
      
       "What's with the slut clothes?"  She asked pushing between Patsy and
Gail, temporarily disrupting our view.   Patsy stopped dead in her tracks next
to the hallway wall just outside the classroom.  Nancy and I booth leaned closer
to the laptop's screen our hands continuing to stimulate each other as we
watched this first test of our instructions.  Gail quickly moved into a position
which gave us an excellent view of Patsy red face. 
      
       "My-"  Her voice sent a thrill through my body.  I could hear her
embarrassment, her humiliation and her sexual excitement.  "-my owners-"  She
spoke in a husky lust filled voice that caused Nancy to redouble her hands
efforts under the table.  "-told me to."  She finished then, pushing past the
girls rushed though the door into the classroom.  Just as the camera was turned
off we caught a grin on the third girl's face.  Obviously Gail had arranged this
first confrontation for our enjoyment. 
      
       "We'll be lucky-" Nancy announced as she looked around the coffee shop
then moved to slip stealthily under the table. "-if that girl doesn't rape you
when she gets home this afternoon."  I would have asked for her to elaborate but
I knew that Nancy, having impeccable manners, would not talk with her mouth
full. 
      
       Lunchtime was particularly embarrassing for Patsy, and particularly
stimulating for Nancy and myself.  I learned once again what a powerful
aphrodisiac it was to watch another person's humiliation.  While we watched, and
listened to, Patsy blushingly and haltingly explain over and over again that her
'owners' required her to wear the red ribbons around her neck, wrists and
ankles, or that her 'owners' required her to wear the slutty clothes Nancy slid
as far down on the bench as she could and spread her legs as I slipped my hand
under her skirt to push my fingers deep into her eager wet folds.  Clutching
onto my arm Nancy rode my hand to two consecutive orgasms before Patsy, after
taking her lunch remains to the trash can, walked out of the cafeteria.  I was
proud to see that she walked straight and tall making no attempt to hide her
bouncing, gently swaying breasts under her almost see-through blouse. 
      
       Gail, obviously caught by surprise stuffed her last couple of bits of
food in her mouth, then glancing into the camera and whispering 'sorry' ran off
after her friend.  Gail caught up to Patsy just outside their next classroom. 
We could see tears streaming down Patsy's face as she leaned up against the wall
beside the door.  Gail put a consoling hand on Patsy's shoulder as she
maneuvered her purse into position to capture the tears. 
      
       "I don't know about this Gail person."  Nancy observed as we both enjoyed
mochas as we waited for the next class to end.  "She doesn't really seem to be
much of a friend to Patsy."  Nancy took a sip of her coffee.  "One thing for
sure their not going to be friends after Patsy sees these video files." 
      
       "Don't be too sure."  I replied taking a sip of my own coffee.
      
       "Oh?"  Nancy replied.
      
       "After all Gail and a male friend were at the party on Sunday."  I
expanded on my thinking.   "Patsy new they were there, she knows how Gail
reacted when we made her wash Gail." 
      
       "You think Gail has a crush on Patsy?"  Nancy asked.
      
       "I think Gail wants to fuck Patsy's brains out-"  I noticed Nancy's smile
as I took another sip of coffee.  "-but I don't think she's really fully aware
of her own feelings yet.  Being willing to have sex with a boy while Patsy
watched, and allowing Nancy to clean her up afterwards-"  I explained my
thoughts. "-and helping us today, are all ways for her to express her deep
buried lust for Patsy without admitting the feelings to herself."  I paused for
a moment then continued.  "She also told me she thought this would be a good way
to 'get back at' Patsy for acting like such a 'better than everybody else',
'goody two shoes' her whole life. 
      
       The last big event of Patsy's school day was PE Class.  Thanks to Gail we
got to watch Patsy, in all her red faced glory strip down to her elastic strap
'panties' then pull on her gym shorts and shirt.  She answered the inevitable
questions with barely audible recitations of our commanded phrases, then hurried
out onto the field.  The camera did not accompany them out onto the field, but
we both noticed that Patsy, either by design or accident had left her specially
designed panties on under her gym shorts.  By the time her camera came back on
as the girls stripped for their showers and to redress in their street cloths,
we could see that Patsy was flushed with undeniable sexual energy.  As we
watched the dressing room scene we speculated on how many times Patsy may have
cum with the panties rubbing her clitoris and her ass. 
      
       "You realize how many copies of this we could sell to the boys at that
school?"  I asked Nancy.  Before she could reply the PE teacher appeared in the
scene and asked Patsy to come into her office.  The camera turned quickly to
Gail's worried face as she asked softly 'What do I do?'.  Not having any way to
broadcast back to her we could not offer advice.  The video feed was turned off,
then a muffled, but understandable audio feed came through. 
      
        "...dress like that?"   We heard a voice, obviously the PE teacher ask
Patsy.  We listened with our breaths held waiting to see what Patsy would reply. 
We had told her to say that her owners had told her to wear the clothes if she
was asked, now we weren't sure if we really wanted her to answer her teacher
that way. 
      
       "My clothes are within the letter of the school rules, and it is not your
business what I wear as long as they are."  We were relieved that she had, this
time, deviated from our rules, and proud of her for standing up to her teacher
the way she did.  We each realized that we would have to think out our rules a
little more carefully, at least until graduation day. 
      
       "This just isn't like you, Patsy,-"  We heard the teacher continue. "-you
just don't dress this way, you never have."
      
       "I do now-" Patsy replied with firm determination. "-and why I choose to
is nobodies business but mine."
      
       "I'm going to call your mother."  The teacher announced.
      
       "I'm eighteen now, and my mother no longer tells me what I can wear." 
Patsy stated with a matter-of-fact assurance we had not seen in her before. 
      
       "I'm going to call her anyway-" The teacher insisted. "-what's your home
number?"  A smile spread across my face, and I reached for my cell phone as I
listened to Patsy give that number to the teacher instead of her parent's phone
number.  Well, it was her 'home' number now.  I handed the phone to Nancy just
as it started to play Revel's Balero. 
      
       "Hello?"  Nancy answered after pushing the button and putting the phone
up to her ear.  I leaned closer so I could hear booth sides of the conversation. 
      
       "Who is this?"  The teacher asked suspiciously. 
      
       "This is Mrs. Kline, who are you?"  Nancy asked with equal suspicion in
her voice. 
      
       "This is Ms Walker, Patsy's PE teacher."  The phone answered.
      
       "Yes?"  Nancy responded.  "Has my daughter been hurt?"  She fained just
the right amount of concern. 
      
       "No, nothing like that, it's about-"  The voice hesitated like the
teacher really wasn't sure how to proceed. "-it's about the way your daughter is
dressed." 
      
       "Yes?"  Nancy replied with considerable chill in her voice. 
      
       "Well-" The voice continued, obviously subdued by the chill in Nancy's
voice. "-while they are technically within the rules of the school..."
      
       "If they are within the rules of the school-" Nancy broke in with a
considerably frostier tone "-then why are you bothering me?"
      
       "They are so radically different than what I'm used to seeing her wear." 
      
       "Oh-"  Nancy chuckled. "-Patsy is eighteen now what she wears in up to
her." 
      
       "But..."
      
       "But nothing,-" Nancy's voice turned stern, like she was talking to a
recalcitrant child.  "-let me talk to my daughter."  We could imagine the
teacher, a stunned look on her face, holding out the phone for Patsy. 
      
       "Hello?" We heard our toy's now timid voice on the phone.
      
       "You have done very well."  Nancy informed her.  "Now leave her office
and wait for us in front of the school."  Knowing that our new slave was no
dummy we were pretty sure that, by the time we picked her up she would have
noodled through to the conclusion that we had some way of keeping track of her
at school.  
      
       We each ordered another cup of coffee while I unhooked my laptop and
stored my equipment back in it's carrying case.  We intended to allow Patsy to
stand in front of the school for many long embarrassing minutes, giving all of
the students a chance to admire her firm sexy body before we picked her up. 

       Patsy was in tears when we finally arrived in front of the school.  Nancy
got out of the car and allowed Patsy to take her customary position in the front
seat between us.  Much to our delight Patsy, in spite of her tears, carefully
pulled the back of her skirt up and placed her hands behind her back as I pulled
away from the curb.
      
       "You've done very well today."  Nancy assured Patsy as she put her arm
around the crying girl and pulled her close. Nancy let Patsy rest her head on
her shoulder, while she stroked Patsy hair.  Watching the interaction in the
mirror while I drove I was struck by a wave of jealousy.  I realized that while
either one of these women would gladly satisfy my every sexual whim, I could
never really understand the depth of, nor fully participate in, the relationship
that I was watching develop between Nancy the mistress and Patsy her little
slave girl.  I also found myself being unexpectedly aroused by the sight of
their loving exchange.  Leaving such 'philosophical' thoughts for later I drove
straight home, anxious to se if Greg had accomplished his mission while we were
monitoring our Toy's day in school. 
      
       "Leave your clothes on for now."  I instructed Patsy, stopping her from
removing her clothes as I closed the front door of our apartment.  "I have a
little surprise for you."  I announced as we walked down the entrance hall. 
Nancy gave me a quizzical look over her shoulder then turned and stopped dead in
her tracks as she saw what had been done to our living room. 
      
       "What?"  I asked the two slack-jawed women.  "Haven't you ever heard of a
home theater before?"  All though I had planned the whole escapade with Greg I
must admit that the results impressed even me.  Our furniture had been removed
and, in its place, at the far end of the room, taking up its entire width was a
small stage complete with an arched proscenium.  The stage was bare except for
one overstuffed chair.  On each side of an isle running down the center of the
room to the step leading up onto the stage, were three rows of cushioned theater
seats, three seats connected together in each row for a total of eighteen seats.
The seats were placed on a temporary wood floor that had been placed on top of
the carpet in the room.  From where we stood, we could just make out at the
rear, stage left, the door into the kitchen.
      
       "Looks like I'm going to have to get used to walking across a stage just
to get from the front room to the rest of the apartment."  Nancy observed matter
of factly.  I dimmed the 'house' lights then brought up the 'stage' lights made
up of two sets of track lights with a couple of strategically placed small stage
lights. 
      
       "It's time-"  I told Patsy turning her to face me and placing my hands on
her shoulders. "-for you to put on your first sex show."  Patsy gulped hard and,
her face turning red, glanced over her shoulder at the lit stage.  As the red
color deepened on her face I noticed that Patsy's nipples were growing hard and
her aureoles, just visible through her blouse were becoming crinkled with
excitement.  I started music playing on the stereo and Nancy and I took second
row seats as Patsy, her entire body trembling visibly, climbed the single step
up onto the stage. 
      
       "Start by just swaying your hips in time with the music."  I instructed
Patsy as Nancy and I settled into our seats.  "Now-"  I continued my
instructions.  "-slowly move your hands up your sides, then across your
breasts."  I put my arm around Nancy and twirled my fingertip gently around her
hardening nipple.  "Pretend your hands belong to a boy friend who is seducing
you, tease yourself and us by almost but not quite touching those places where
you want to be touched so badly you can hardly stand it."  Patsy obeyed, moving
her hands up her sides then across her breasts.  She almost, but not quite,
touched her nipples as she ran her hands up onto her neck then over her face and
through her hair. 
      
       Patsy's swaying hips took on more sexual urgency as the beat of the music
slowly built in intensity.  As my hand's explored Nancy's willing body Patsy
brought her hands back down across her breasts, coming closer but still missing
her nipples, then down across her stomach and onto her thighs.  Getting into the
feel of the music and almost instinctively understanding what was expected of
her Patsy moved her hands back up her thighs pulling he skirt with them allowing
us to almost glimpse her clean shaven crotch before letting the skirt slip from
her hands.
      
       Patsy began to move more of her body in time with the music as she pulled
the tail of her blouse from underneath the waistband of her skirt.  Slipping her
hands under the blouse Patsy gently caressed her breasts and, for the first
time, allowed her fingers to linger on her hard nipples and crinkled aureoles
which were left bare by the cut-away bra we had dressed her in.  As I helped
Nancy remove her clothes we could hear the unmistakable sounds of deep throaty
moans coming from Patsy up on the stage. 
      
       Once naked, Nancy opened my trousers and, after unbuttoning my shirt,
turned to face the stage.  Supporting herself on the backs of the chairs in
front of us Nancy straddled my legs and lowered herself onto me as Patsy's hands
once again wondered down over her thighs pushing her skirt deeply into her
crotch.  I felt Nancy's warm moistness engulfing me as Patsy, eyes closed,
swayed on the stage while she unbuttoned her blouse and let it slip, ever so
slowly down her arms to fall in a pile on the stage behind her.  I reached
around and massaged Nancy's breasts, pinching and pulling on her nipples as
Patsy, pushing her skirt once again deeply between her thighs road her own hands
back and forth, the sexual excitement seemingly transporting her into some
erotic dream world of her own. 
      
       I decided to let Patsy perform with her eye's shut, for now, there would
be plenty of time in the future to train her to look into the eyes of her
audience while she pleasured herself for their entertainment.  Moving her hands
slowly back up across her bare stomach Patsy unhooked the bra and let it slip
down her arms to join the blouse on the stage.  Nancy and I matched our rhythm
to that of Patsy on the stage as she slowly unfastened the skirt and, after
letting it slip down her shapely legs, kicked it to the side.  Nancy and I
reveled in the sight of Patsy, now dressed only in stockings, garter belt and
Nancy's specially designed 'panties' as her hands moved once again down over her
now naked inner thighs then up across her bare, hairless crotch. 
      
       "Sit in the chair-"  I ordered, my own voice husky with sexual
excitement.  "-prop your legs up on the arms and finger yourself."  Caught up in
the moment, her embarrassment, for the time forgotten, Patsy sat in the chair as
ordered and while pushing two fingers deeply into herself, pinched her nipples
roughly with her other hand.  Loud moans came from all three of us as we, each
alone and all three together, raced to what we knew would be mind boggling
orgasms. 
      
       "Oh God, fuck me..." We all began to chant, almost in unison, as our
minds came together in the most intense act of mutual sexual pleasure any of us
had ever experienced, leaving us all draped across our chairs to limp to move. 




Our New Toy
Part 11
by
Norm DePloom

	All three of us remained draped over our chairs for several minutes
while we caught our breath.  I was the first to move, pulling my phone from the
clip on my belt around my ankles.  I speed dialed my favorite Chinese restaurant
and ordered food to be delivered. 

       "Ancillula," I addressed Patsy using the Latin name I'd given her.  The
name means 'little slave girl', "get a wash cloth and do your duty."  Patsy
slowly raised her head from where it had been lolling against the back of the
chair, looked around like she was trying to figure out where she was and how she
got there.  Then she slowly closed her legs and, standing up walked, still a bit
wobbly, out the door at the back of the stage toward the bathroom.  While we
waited for our slave to return with wash clothes and towels to perform her
cleaning duties I reached between Nancy's legs and absent-mindedly fingered her
soft wet folds.  When Patsy returned from the bathroom she barely had room to
kneel between my legs with her back pressed firmly against the back of the chair
behind her.  She gently washed away the sticky-ness with a warm cloth then dried
me with a clean towel.  After finishing with me Patsy washed and dried Nancy. 
      
       "Go put on your maid costume."  I instructed Patsy once Nancy and my
genitals were clean and dry.  Patsy picked up the wash clothes and towels and
headed back toward the bathroom.  Nancy and I sat in our theater chairs, our
clothes in disarray gently playing with each other's bodies while we waited for
Patsy to return.  I must admit I twitched in Nancy's hand when Patsy came back
into the room dressed as the 'French Maid', her breasts being supported and
displayed by the corset and her clean shaved crotch bare for all to see.  Patsy
was standing center stage, waiting for instructions when the doorbell rang. 
      
       "Come here."  I ordered pulling my pants up enough to retrieve my wallet. 
Patsy stepped down from the stage and walked down the center isle until she
stood next to me.  I slipped my hand between her legs and felt the moistness and
heat, then handed her the money. 
      
       "Answer the door," I told her, "and pay the delivery boy for our dinner." 
Patsy's face turned bright red as she took the money from my hand then, after
waiting for a couple of seconds for me to remove my other hand from between her
thighs, she walked off toward the hallway leading to the front door.  Nancy and
I grinned at each other as we imagined the look on the delivery boy's face when
the door opened and the obscenely dressed Patsy held out the money for our
dinner.  After standing up and straightening our clothes Nancy and I placed a
small table and two chairs at the center of the stage. Patsy returned carrying a
brown paper bag.  The top of the bag was folded over and held closed with a
stapled on receipt for the food inside. 
      
       "Set the table," Nancy instructed Patsy, "then serve us our dinner."  We
sat talking while Patsy placed plates and chopsticks in front of us then dished
the food from the take-out cartons onto our plates.  When she was done Nancy
instructed her to kneel facing the table with her hands held behind her back. 
While we ate we would feed Patsy bites from our plates much as we would if she
had been nothing more than our favorite pet. 
      
       "From now on," I instructed Patsy as I fed her a fried prawn, "you will
continue to refer to us as your owners when you are speaking about both of us,"
I took a bite, "but when you refer to me you will address me as your 'Domitor'
and when you refer to Nancy you will use the word 'Domitrix'."  Nancy gave Patsy
a bight of her almond chicken.
      
       "Don't you mean 'dominatrix'?"  Nancy asked me. 
      
       "No," I responded, "domitor and domitrix are Latin for male and female
trainers." Nancy gave me a funny look.  "Hey, I can't help it if I like Latin." 
Nancy shook her head slowly and rolled her eyes toward the ceiling.
      
       "What am I?"  I asked Patsy.
      
       "My Domitor."  She replied with total seriousness. 
      
       "And who is she?"  I asked pointing to Nancy.
      
       "My Domitrix." She replied.
      
       "And you are?"  I asked.
      
       "Ancillula," she replied with her head bowed, "the little slave girl."  I
gently pinched her crinkled nipple to reward her for answering correctly.  We
ate, and fed bites of food to Patsy without speaking for a few minutes.
      
       "I've been wondering," I said to Patsy holding a fried wanton just out of
her reach, "can you suck on your own nipples?"  For some reason, even after
having just masturbated in front of us for our pleasure, the question caused
Patsy to blush almost as brightly as she had the first Saturday when we had
taken her to lunch.  Patsy stared down at the floor, her face glowing with her
embarrassment.
      
       "I don't know, Domitor."  She answered in a whisper.  I reached out and
cupped her breast with my other hand.
      
       "Give it a try."  Still blushing Patsy brought her hands around from
behind her back and, after cupping her right breast with both hands, stretched
the breast toward her mouth while she bent her head over straining to get her
mouth to the nipple.  Stretching out her tongue Patsy began to lick her nipple
causing it to harden as we watched.  Pulling it ever closer to her mouth she
finally closed her lips on the stiffening morsel and began to suck. 
      
       "Very good."  I said stroking her hair.  "Now try the other one."  Patsy
released her saliva wetted right nipple and brought her left one up to her
mouth.  "That's very good."  I told her.  "While we finish eating," I said
putting the fried wanton I had been holding into my mouth, "I want you to switch
back and forth sucking on each of your nipples for a count of fifty before
switching back to the other one."  My physical reaction to watching Patsy
sucking on first one nipple then the other while we ate was hidden under the
table, but Nancy was visibly squirming in her seat by the time our meal was
done. 
      
       "Clean off the table," Nancy instructed, stopping the dinner show in
mid-suck as Nancy, now flushed more with excitement than with embarrassment,
released her saliva coated, crinkled, erect nipples and began to collect our
plates, "while you are stacking the dishes in the dishwasher," Nancy continued,
"you may eat whatever is left." 
      
       "Yes Domitrix."  Patsy replied with a subservient blush adding to her
growing sexual excitement. 
      
       "I expect you back in here in no more than five minutes."  I added my
instructions to the ones that Nancy had issued.
      
       "Yes Domitor." Patsy answered with a slight bow before she picked up the
dirty dishes and turned to leave the room through the door into the kitchen at
the back of the stage. 
      
       "Also," I said stopping Patsy just before she stepped off the back of the
stage, "when you return bring that open can of Hershey dark chocolate syrup
that's in the refrigerator."  Nancy raised her eyebrows questioningly as Patsy
turned said "Yes Domitor" then turned back and disappeared into the kitchen. 
Nancy and I talked about the events of the day and our plans for the evening
while we waited for our slave to complete her assigned tasks and return.  When
Patsy walked back through the door and up onto the stage I took the can of
chocolate syrup from her.
      
       "Remove your clothes."  I ordered.  Patsy began to remove the maid's
clothes when I held out my hand and stopped her.  "Whenever you undress," I told
her, "it should be a performance, a show.  If there are people around to watch
you should be doing it for their pleasure.  If there are no people around you
should still be putting on a show for practice."  Patsy nodded her head that she
under stood then, starting to blush once more began to remove her sexy costume
in a as erotic a manner as she could think of.  "You should," I continued as she
slowly removed her clothes, "always ask yourself if your look, your posture,
your attitude is such that every person around you will become consumed with the
desire to fuck you senseless."  The way I phrased it elicited both a giggle and
an additional blush from our young virgin slave.  By the time Patsy was standing
in front of us naked, I was suppressing the urge to fuck her senseless right
then and there myself. 
      
       "Lay on your back."  I instructed, standing up and pointing to the table. 
Patsy and Nancy both looked doubtfully at the table, which was sturdy but not
large enough to support all of Patsy's naked body.  I helped Patsy first sit on
the table, then lie back.  She ended up arched oier the table top with only her
butt and her shoulder blades supported by the edges of the table. 
      
       "For desert," I announced, "we are going to have chocolate covered slave
girl." 
      
       "Yum-yum" Nancy said with exaggerated enthusiasm while Patsy giggled at
the idea.  Tipping the can of Hershey's extra dark chocolate I began to drizzle
the sticky syrup over Patsy's naked body.  Starting with her breasts, coating
her nipples and running spirals down the sides I moved on to her navel where I
left a small lake of chocolate before continuing on to her crotch where I
insured that every naked fold was drenched in the dark confection.  As soon as I
stopped pouring Nancy had her face buried in Patsy's sweet crotch licking the
chocolate from her smooth skin.  I set the can aside then leaning over, began
the task of cleaning the sticky material from our slave girls nipples and
breasts.  Cleaning Patsy's breasts while watching my wife enthusiastically
licking every drop from her warm flesh left me hard and ready for some
attention.  Dropping my pants to the floor I first poured some more of the
chocolate syrup on Patsy's crotch to keep Nancy busy, then drizzled a generous
amount up and down my hard shaft before pushing my chocolate coated head against
Patsy's lips.  Patsy immediately opened her mouth and swirled her tongue over
me, removing every drop of chocolate.  Pulling most of the way out, I re-coated
myself then pushed back inside her eager mouth. 
      
       Laying as she was on her back with her head and shoulders hanging over
the edge of the table Patsy was perfectly positioned to take me deeper into her
mouth and throat than she had before.  I gently but persistently pushed myself
deeper and deeper, backing out when she started to gag, only to push more deeply
when the gagging subsided.  It took a few minutes, but before I was done our
slave girl had learned the secret to taking a man all the way into her mouth,
and my scrotum was rhythmically banging against her noes.  During the lesson
Patsy had reached over her head and had both of her arms wrapped around my
thighs.  She seemed to be just as determined to learn the skill, as I was to
have her learn it.  Nancy watched from her position in Patsy's crotch as I
emptied myself into Patsy's mouth then sat back in the chair and watched Patsy's
body move in rhythmic jerks as Nancy drove her from one orgasm to another until
she laid draped over the table in total exhaustion.   
      
       I left Patsy in Nancy's capable hands for another study session hooked up
to the reward and punishment devices and left the apartment to take care of some
business of my own. 
      
       When I returned I found Nancy, nude, setting in the overstuffed chair in
the middle of our small stage.  Patsy sat on the floor at Nancy's feet, her head
resting on Nancy's lap, while Nancy slowly stroked her hair.  I was struck by,
and once again excited by, the depth of the relationship that seemed to be
building between the mistress and her slave.  I joined them on the stage. 
Leaning over I explored Nancy's mouth with my tongue while I cradled her breast
in my hand and tweaked her nipple.  Pulling my mouth from Nancy's I released her
breast and gave Patsy a pat on the head. 
      
       "Is our Ancillula ready for her finals tomorrow?" 
      
       "Yes," Nancy answered with a smile as she continued softly petting
Patsy's warm naked skin, "she's going to do very well."  I stood watching them
feeling almost embarrassed, like I was interrupting an intensely private moment
they were sharing.  "Go run my bath."  Nancy said to Patsy who climbed to her
feet and headed towards the door at the back of the stage, which led to the
bathroom. 
      
       "If we ever get divorced," Nancy said in all seriousness as she took my
hand and pulled me down toward her upturned mouth, "I get custody of our slave." 
      
       "Talk to my lawyer."  I said just as our lips met.  I massaged Nancy's
breasts as we kissed and spread my legs when she slipped her hand into my
crotch.  We continued kissing and playing with each others bodies until we heard
Patsy stepping up onto the stage. 
      
       "Your bath is ready Domitrix."  Patsy informed us with her eyes on the
floor in front of her.  We broke our kiss and Nancy rose to her feet then
walked, still naked, across to the door.  With Patsy following Nancy disappeared
in the direction of her bath.  I busied myself with my plans for Saturday while
Nancy enjoyed her private bath time with her plaything. 
      
       "Domitrix is finished with her bath, Domitor."  Patsy said, almost ninety
minutes later when she came back into the room.  Her hair was damp, her skin was
flushed and her nipples were hard with excitement. 
      
       "Run my bath Ancillula, and make it hot."
      
       "Yes Domitor."  Patsy replied then turned and headed back towards the
bathroom.  She re-appeared several minutes later and, after crossing the stage
to where I was setting, knelt in front of me.
      
       "Your bath is ready, Domitor."  She informed me in a soft voice.  I stood
up then offered her my hand.  "Thank you, Domitor."  Patsy said as she took my
hand and pulled herself to her feet. 
      
       "Undress me."  I ordered standing beside the tub of hot water.  For the
second night in a row Patsy removed my clothes, folding each piece as she took
it off and setting them in a neat pile.  I was fully erect again by the time she
was finished.  Being undressed by a naked eighteen-year-old female always seems
to have that effect on me.  Patsy cupped my testicles and looked up at me
questioningly.  I nodded my head and Patsy took me into her mouth.  Placing my
hands on the sides of her head I controlled her speed and depth.  Patsy was a
fast learner and really needed very little correction.  Even with her limited
experience Patsy had already mastered the basics of using her mouth to give
pleasure to a man.  After she had swallowed all that I had to give her I stepped
into the still hot bath then sat in the water and reclined against the sloped
end of the tub.  Patsy was wearing the silk ribbons around her ankles and her
neck but I noticed that her silk ribbon 'manacles' were draped over one of the
towel racks.  Patsy, still on her knees soaped a wash cloth then began to wash
my body. 
      
       "Tell me your favorite masturbation fantasy."  I instructed her as I
relaxed in the hot water and enjoyed the decadent pleasure of being washed by a
subservient young woman.  "Make it a story and be very detailed."  Patsy blushed
deeply, unaware that I'd already heard an abbreviated version when I eves
dropped on her and Nancy the previous evening.
      
       "I'm a young French girl."  Patsy stated her story as she washed me.  "I
live in a small village on the coast."  She continued.  "I'm making my
confession.  I do this daily because I'm obsessed with confessing as a way to
maintain my purity.  I never have anything really bad to confess, but I come
back every day to confess the petty little sins that a young virginal girl might
commit.  Every time I come to confession the old priest asks me if I have had
impure thoughts and seems to be disappointed when he learns that I have not had
any impure thoughts."  As Patsy told her story I let my hand roam over her naked
skin before concentrating on the breast and nipple nearest to me. 
      
       "On this day the old priest, instead of giving me absolution, begins to
ask questions.  'Do you ever imagine what it would feel like to be kissed by a
boy?' he asks.  Kneeling in the confessional I hang my head in shame.  'Yes.'  I
whisper.  'That is an impure thought.'  The old priest tells me.  'Do you ever
think about being touched by a man?'  He asks me.  'Yes' I whisper again. 
Before the old priest can tell me that this, also, is an impure thought, I hear
noises and screams from outside the church.  I get off my knees and run outside. 
There I see three Viking longboats pulled up onto the sand.  I see big burly
bearded savage looking men moving through our village.  They are burning our
buildings, stealing our possessions, killing the men and raping the women."  The
telling of her fantasy is obviously having a powerful effect on Patsy; her
breathing is shallow and excited, the red of embarrassment on her face has been
replaced with a blush of excitement.  I notice that both of her nipples are
hard, not just the one I had been twisting and pulling on with my finger and
thumb.
      
       "I turn to run but something hits me from behind sending me sprawling on
the ground and knocking my breath from my body.  I feel myself being picked up
and barely get a glimpse of a giant of a man with long blond hair and a full red
beard who throws my over his shoulder with no more effort than if I was a bag of
flour.  As he turns and carries me toward the boats he seems to be totally
unaware of my fists hitting his back or of my feet kicking at him.  He is
obviously a man of power.  Most of the other men shy away from him, or speak to
him with respect.  Only a few of the men seem to be brave enough or powerful
enough to joke with him about his 'great treasure'.  They spoke a language I
couldn't understand, but I seem to know what they are saying.  I see other girls
and women, most of them already stripped of their clothes and their dignity,
being carried towards the boats.
      
       He carries me across the deck then down a dark hole to a room under the
deck that's just barely big enough for a cot.  The ceiling is so low that he
can't stand up straight and he has to crotch over.  He dumps me on the rough
wood floor then grabs me by the neck and pulls me to my feet.  His hand is so
big that it goes almost all the way around my neck, and so strong I'm sure he
could snap my neck with no effort at all.  He makes it clear he wants me to take
my clothes off.  I refuse.  He squeezes my neck, cutting off most of my air and
slaps my face and tells my again.  Still I refuse.  Squeezing my neck even
harder he starts ripping my clothes off with his other hand."  While she talked
I climbed out of the bath and put on a terry cloth robe then sat down on the
toilet to listen as she finished her tale kneeling in front of me.  When she
told me about the man in her fantasy choking her while he ripped her clothes
from her body I slipped my hands around her neck and applied just the slightest
of pressure. 
      
       "I pass out," Patsy continued, stretching her neck up inviting me to
continue my mock choking, "while he ripped my clothes from my body and when I
come to I'm laying on the floor naked, my hands are tied behind my back.  There
is a rope tied around my neck and another rope tied from that to an iron ring
attached to the wall.  He pulls me to my feet with the rope tied around my neck
and holds me by my neck again while he explores my naked body with his other
hand. I feel like there's a trail of filth being spread over my body, everywhere
his hand touches feels dirty and corrupted.  As he touches me I can hardly
breath, I'm on the verge of passing out again.  He forces his hand between my
legs.  I try to push him away but I don't have any strength left.  I feel like a
bolt of lightening is surging through my body when he forces his fingers inside
me.  I can't understand why I'm so wet and ready for him.  My head is spinning
from the feelings of his fingers invading and violating my body mixed with his
cutting off my air.  Just as I'm on the verge of blacking out he pulls his hand
from between my legs and throws me on the floor.  As he takes off his dirty
smelly clothes I crawl into the corner of the room.  I sob and beg him not to
hurt me.  I know he can't understand my language, but I'm equally sure he knows
exactly what I'm saying."  By this point in Patsy's telling of her fantasy I'm
fully aroused once more.  Nancy was already asleep so I took Patsy out onto the
stage.  I figured she needed to get used to performing on the stage anyway.  I
turned the stage lights back on, then sat in the chair.  Patsy knelt in front of
me and continued her story.
      
       "When he's undressed he grabs my ankle and pulls me into the center of
the room with no more effort than it would take me to move a bowl across the
table top.  He rolls me on my back then pushes my legs apart.  I struggle to
keep my legs closed but he is too strong and my legs separate for him.  He leans
forward, preparing to push inside me.  I hit his chest and arms as hard as I can
with my fists, he doesn't seem to even notice.  I cry out again begging him not
to hurt me.  As he puts himself at my entrance he holds me down on the floor
with his huge strong hand around my neck again."  As Patsy continued with her
tale of rape and strangulation I tightened the silk ribbon around her neck
enough to give her the feeling being choked without it being dangerously tight. 
I looked down at her naked body kneeling in front of me.  She was obviously in a
state of extreme sexual arousal, as was I.  Reaching down I felt between her
legs, and found her open and wet.  Just like in the fantasy my fingers slipped
into her easily causing Patsy to moan with desire. 
      
       "I feel him pushing into me as he slowly cuts of my breath.  I feel
myself stretching to accommodate his size.  It's nothing like I'd imagined.  I
had been told that it hurt the first time but it doesn't hurt.  I feel dirty
because I'm being raped and it doesn't hurt.  I quickly adjust to the
overwhelming full feeling and my body starts responding to having a man inside
me.  He keeps me pinned to the floor allowing me to breathe just enough to stay
conscious while he thrusts in and out of my body.  It feels like there's a fire
spreading through my body.  It flows from my defiled crotch making my muscles
tighten and relax.  I cry out in shame as my body responds and begins to thrust
back impaling myself on my attacker.  Until I have an intense orgasm just as I
pass out again."
      
       I slipped down onto my knees on the floor without removing my hand from
Patsy's warm wet crotch.  Bringing our mouths together I explored her mouth with
my tongue.  When I pushed her back onto the stage floor Patsy spread her legs
inviting me, begging me, to enter her.  I resisted the almost un-resistable urge
to do just that and quickly reversed my position so I could enter Patsy's mouth
while I sampled her with my mouth for the first time. 
      
       I'd like to think that Patsy's body spasming orgasms were due entirely to
my not inconsequential tongue talents but, after listening to Patsy's favorite
fantasy of rape and erotic asphyxiation, I'm sure that the tight ribbon around
her neck and the lack of air from my pushing myself repeatedly into her throat
probably had a lot to do with the intensity of her multiple climaxes.
      
       While I slowly pushed deeper and deeper into Patsy's throat and held
myself fully inside her, cutting off her air for several seconds at a time,
before pulling out just far enough to let her get a breath then moving fully
back into her again; I sucked on her clitoris, licked, sucked and nibbled on her
inner lips then, pushing her legs further up and further apart, I worked my way
down to her crinkled virgin rear entry.  Patsy's anus twitched invitingly as I
probed it with my stiffened tongue tip.  Her hips spasmed and jerked against me,
while her hands rhythmically squeezed and released my buttocks in time with the
jerking of her hips.  I could feel her moans vibrating against me as I moved
deeply in and out of her throat.  Once again Patsy swallowed all I could give
her and, after I rolled off, we continued to lay side by side, our heads still
pointing in opposite directions as we gently stroked each other and waiting for
our breathing to return to normal.  
      
       "Domitor," Patsy spoke softly with a hint of embarrassment, "may I ask
you a question?" 
      
       "Yes."
      
       "When are you going to fuck me?" 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Norm DePloom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





