BDSM Library - Kelly's Slave




Kelly's Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kelly and her roommate begin as friends and quickly change into Mistress and slave.  Over time, the slavery grows more intense.
Kelly's Slave

Introduction

The whole idea of college was pretty exciting for me.  I'd grown up in a fairly
small town and was dying to get away.  The offer of a softball scholarship at a
university across the country was more than I'd ever hoped for.  My senior year
I'd had a big growth spurt, ending up 5'10" and about 140 pounds of mostly
muscle, although I did have a 34B-24-30 figure. I was kind of girly too and
fought the stereotypes of female athletes by keeping my brown hair long and
neatly styled along with paying attention to my clothes and make-up.  I expected
to go to a local school, work my way through and maybe move away afterwards, but
being named to the all state softball team and winning the championship had
gotten me the scholarship offer. Now I was here, two thousand miles from my
parents, on my own.  I was also excited because I could do all the things I
hadn't been able to do at home.  I'd been reading about all sorts of things
online, and as the months had gone on I'd begun to focus on S/m and slavery
related websites and chats.

At school, everything was great, my roommate and I got along really well, she
was from Phoenix, and so was used to big groups more than I was.  At first I got
the chance to tag along with the group of friends she made at school, eventually
we all were having a lot of fun. We set our room up with the beds against each
wall, the two desks back to back inbetween the beds and our dressers against the
wall between the door to the closet and the door to the bathroom. Between
classes, getting in shape for softball and spending time with my new friends, I
didn't have much time to get online.  One night I was chatting with some people,
taking a couple of hours away from studying when my computer just hissed and
died.  It wouldn't start up at all, one of the guys we knew was pretty good with
computers and he said he'd take a look at it, but he kept giving me excuses why
he couldn't get it done.  My roommate, her name is Kelly by the way, let me use
her computer to do my schoolwork, so I wouldn't have to go to the computer labs.
That could be a real challenge, especially once it started snowing, since I
didn't have a car.

One night, she was out, and I was using her computer to do research for a paper.
I figured it wouldn't hurt to chat a little bit and do some play browsing. I
didn't realize how much I would miss the stuff I'd been reading and chatting
about until I couldn't access them.  After that, I used her computer to chat
more frequently, but I was always really careful to do it only when I knew she'd
be gone and to erase all the traces when I was done.  As it got colder and the
city pretty much closed down, I spent more and more time online.  It helped that
my roommate had started dating a guy and was spending a lot of nights in his
room, leaving me on my own.  I started playing online, masturbating as I chatted
with Doms.  I also began to explore bisexuality, serving women online, doing as
they ordered me.

Everything kind of exploded one night when I was doing just that, chatting
online with a Domme, kneeling naked on the floor in front of the computer,
fingering my clit at her command.  Suddenly I heard the doorknob jiggling.  I
panicked, jumping up and running into the bathroom. I pulled my robe on quickly,
walking back into the room and found Kelly in tears looking at her computer
screen.  I was horrified, thinking I'd offended her.  She asked me what was
going on.  Online, the Domme was asking where I'd gone and ordering me to answer
her.  I mumbled something and quickly shut the system down.  Kelly let it go, it
turned out she was actually upset about her boyfriend, he'd ditched her to go
out with his friends.  I sat and sympathized with her.  I could still feel the
wetness between my legs and was very aware that all I had on was my robe.  I
ended up comforting her for almost an hour while she poured out all the mean
things he had done to her over the previous weeks.  Eventually she dozed off on
her bed, giving me a chance to change into my pajamas and go to sleep.

The next morning, I woke up early, Kelly was still asleep, and I changed and
bundled up and slipped out to a full day of classes.  When I came back to the
room, Kelly was in a long t-shirt and using her computer, she only grunted at me
when I said hello and it looked like she was chatting, so I laid down for a nap,
since I didn't get much sleep. 

I woke up to Kelly shaking me, she told me to get up, that we needed to chat.  I
set up, rubbing my eyes, groggy from the nap.  She told me that she'd looked
over some of the stuff I'd been doing online and asked me why I was looking at
that stuff.  She'd also chatted with the Domme I had been chatting with the
night before.  I tried to gloss over it, just saying I was bored and kind of
wandered into it, but it turned out the Domme had saved our chats and sent them
to Kelly.  Since I was caught, I came clean, telling her all about my interest
in D/s and how I had explored it online.  She seemed kind of upset and said
maybe it was best if I didn't use her computer unless she was around.  I was
really worried since she was my best friend at school and I didn't want anything
to get messed up between us. 

Things were a little uncomfortable for a while after that, especially since
Kelly broke up with her boyfriend, so we were both around the room a lot. 
Luckily winter break was only a couple of weeks away and I hoped things would
blow over during the vacation.






Kelly's Slave

Part 1

I spent the break at home, I talked to Kelly a couple of times online and on the
phone and it really seemed like things were better, she was like she had been
before she found everything out.  It was three weeks later when we got back to
campus, three days before classes began again.  Kelly actually got back a day
before me, so she came to pick me up at the airport. She ran up and hugged me at
the gate and helped me carry my bags back to her car.  We chatted about our
breaks the whole ride back to campus, talking about Christmas and the gifts we'd
gotten.

When we got back to our room, Kelly's whole attitude changed, she told me to sit
down on her bed.  After I did, she told me that she had been chatting online
with a lot of the people that I had made friends with or served.  She said
they'd told her a lot of the things I had wanted to experience and what I
fantasized about.  That's when she dropped the bombshell, that I could either
serve her as a slave, or I could move out of the room.  She said she wasn't
interested in having a pervert in her room unless there was something in it for
her.  She said I could have a couple of hours to decide and I was free to ask
any questions I might have.  I sat there stunned, but realized I was wet at the
thought and my nipples were super hard, not just from the cold.  I asked her
what I would have to do. She answered that I would do anything she said, no
exceptions, with the promise that it wouldn't interfere with school or softball
and that it would end at the end of the semester. She said she was going out for
a while and she wanted my decision when she got back.

I sat on the bed, realizing this was my chance to experience some of my
fantasies, although obviously not the more extreme ones.  I also had to admit to
myself that I was attracted to Kelly, I hadn't been with a girl, but between
being with her all the time and my online fantasies, I had thought about it some
and Kelly was frequently part of those thoughts.  On top of that, I didn't know
how I'd explain moving and I didn't know what Kelly would tell everyone.

Taking everything into account, I was still sitting on the bed when Kelly came
back a couple of hours later.  I told her I would do what she wanted. She smiled
and told me to stand up and strip.  Just hearing her tone of voice when she said
it almost made me cum, but I struggled to my feet and started pulling off my
layers of clothes, folding them on the bed until I stood there naked, nervously
trying to hide behind my hands.

Kelly told me she knew that wasn't the way I was supposed to behave, and ordered
me to take the position I did when chatting online.  I knelt on the ground
beside my bed, keeping my knees together, crossing my arms across my chest. 
Kelly walked over to me, standing next to me and leaning over to the bed behind
me. I didn't see her pick up the belt I'd pulled out of my pants as I was
undressing, but I felt it lash down across my back.  She told me that I had
earned ten strokes for failing to obey and get in the right position.  She told
me to get on my hands and knees, after I did, she hit me across the back nine
more times, it burned my whole back and my arms were shaking as I cried while
she beat me.  When she was done she told me I could have another chance to
assume the correct posture.  I knelt with my back straight; legs spread wide,
hands on my thighs, head down.  Kelly patted me on the head and told me I was a
good girl.  I was surprised at the tingles that passed through my body as she
praised me.

Kelly ordered me to crawl to the closet and take out all my clothes and pile
them on my bed, then do the same thing with all the clothes in my dresser.  She
pulled a garbage bag out from under her bed and ordered me to pack up all my
bras and panties; I put them in the bag while she messed around with her
computer.  When I was done, she told me to try on all my clothes, one thing at a
time.  As I did, she snapped pictures of me with the webcam she'd attached to
her computer, topless when I was wearing skirts, shorts, or pants and bottomless
when I had shirts on.  After I had tried everything on, Kelly had me stand up
with my legs spread and my hands behind my head.  Then she told me to come over
and look at the computer.  She had set up a chat room and a lot of the people I
had chatted with were in it, able to see the pictures she had been taking.  They
were all discussing the fact that when I'd described myself to them I'd said
that my pussy was shaved but that I actually had a large patch of hair above it. 
Some of them were very upset.  Kelly ordered me to go in the bathroom and fix it
so that it was correct.  I went into the bathroom and used a pair of scissors
and my razor to shave myself smooth, I was so wet that I couldn't help playing
with myself.  Just as I was about to cum, I looked up and saw Kelly, she slapped
me hard across the face twice, once on each cheek, and yelled at me for daring
to touch myself without her permission.  I told her I was sorry and she slapped
me again.  She told me that from now on, whenever we were alone or she told me
to, I would call her Mistress or Miss Kelly.  I said, "Sorry, Mistress" and she
smiled and patted me on the head.  Again, I almost came just from the praise.

She told me to go back into the room and assume the standing position again,
legs spread, hands behind my head.  She sat at the computer chatting while I
stood there, legs trembling, head down.  I could feel the slickness rolling down
my legs as I stood there.  After what seemed like hours, Kelly looked up and
told me to put my skirts and dresses and tops back in the closet, my pants and
shorts all went into my suitcase.  Kelly let me keep three pairs of workout
shorts and some lycra tight shorts for softball practice and working out.  She
then ordered me to strip all the sheets off of my bed and put them in the
closet.  When I came back out of the closet she was emptying a bag onto the bed. 
She pointed to a spot beside the bed and ordered me to kneel, I did, knees wide
and looked at the things on the bed.  There was a wide assortment of bondage and
D/s things scattered.  Kelly said she'd bought them with some of her Christmas
money and told me I owed her for them.  I was speechless, I'd priced some of
these things online and knew the stuff on my bed cost at least $1000, and I
wasn't even allowed to have a job as part of my scholarship.  Kelly kept talking
though, so I didn't have much time to think about it.  She told me that she'd
bought a selection of the things I'd talked about online and I'd get to try them
all out.  She picked up a wide leather collar and showed it to me.  I began
shaking, thinking she was going to put it on me, but she told me I had to earn
it and put it back in the bag.  Next she picked up a squat rubber thing with a
wide base.  I recognized it as a butt plug.  She told me that I didn't have to
earn it and would start wearing it immediately.  She picked up a tube of lube
and held it out to me, telling me to put it in.

I had playacted this scene online, but never done it for real.  I'd never had
anything in my ass, but the thought excited me even more.  I covered the plug in
lube and then bent forward, reaching back to squeeze more into my ass before
trying to put the plug in.  Online it always said steady pressure was best, so I
pushed it slowly against my ass, groaning as it stretched, head down as I
started sweating.  I felt my ass stretching around it as I pushed, I thought it
wouldn't go any further when suddenly it popped forward and was in.  I looked up
at Miss Kelly, she patted my head again and told me what a good little slut I
was.  I realized she had positioned the camera so that my whole performance had
been visible.  She told me that I deserved a reward for being a good girl and
that I could make myself cum, as long as it was on camera.  I rolled onto my
back, grunting as the plug pushed farther into my ass and spread my legs wide,
running my fingers over my naked pussy while I knew people were watching.  All
the things that had happened and the way I was feeling made me cum almost
immediately, which only made me want to do it again and again, but Miss Kelly
ordered me to lick my fingers clean and put my hands behind my head.  I did as
she ordered, enjoying the taste of my own pussy on my fingers, lapping them
clean.  Kelly sat back at the computer, typing while I knelt, when she finally
looked up at me, she told me it was time to get ready for bed.  She had my lay
on the floor on my stomach and put my arms around the leg of her bed, she
quickly snapped a pair of handcuffs on my wrists, locking me there, laying on
the rough carpet of our room.  She then pulled a blindfold over my eyes and told
me to go to sleep.  I could tell from light leaking around the blindfold and
from the computer keys clicking that she hadn't gone to bed.  I felt my heart
racing as I thought about all the things she could be learning and what I had
gotten myself into.  Despite everything, I started to doze off, only to be
suddenly awakened as Kelly jerked the plug out of my ass, explaining that it
shouldn't be in all night right at the start.  Then the lights flicked off and I
could hear her get into bed.  Eventually I fell asleep too, dreaming of all the
things I had fantasized about for the last year.

I woke up to the feeling of a vibrator buzzing against my clit.  Instinctively,
I spread my knees and lifted my ass.  Miss Kelly told me that I was a good slut
and that I was allowed to cum on the vibrator.  After a few minutes of buzzing,
I came, biting my lip to keep from screaming out.  Miss Kelly told me to hold my
position and I felt the chill of lube against my ass and felt the plug pushed
back into place.  Miss Kelly uncuffed my arms and took my blindfold off. She was
standing over me, also naked.  I hadn't seen her totally nude before, just
glimpses as she showered or changed.  Her body was tight and well formed, you
could tell she swam five or six days a week, her figure was about 34C-24-32, she
had blonde hair and blue eyes, and was about 5'6".  She had a small patch of
pubic hair and tan lines from the bikini she'd laid out in back before it got
too cold, less noticeable as her tan faded.

Miss Kelly sat on her bed, spreading her legs wide.  She complimented me on the
descriptions of my oral service online and told me it was time to prove myself
in the real world.  i immediately understood what she meant and shook i was so
eager, i almost dove into her pussy, running my tongue over her bare lips as she
spread her legs slightly wider.  As I pushed my tongue into her wet pussy she
moaned and grabbed handfuls of my hair, pulling my tighter against her.  i
sucked her clit into my mouth, flicking my tongue over it as i softly sucked it
into my mouth.  She let me work for ten or fifteen minutes before pushing me
away and ordering me to kneel and watch.  She then used the vibrator she'd used
on me to finish herself off quickly. She had me lap up her pussy juices and lick
the vibrator clean.  I knelt back as she stood over me and pulled my hair back
so that I was looking up at her.  She told me i would have to improve quickly or
she would start punishing me.

Miss Kelly then ordered me to go start a shower for her. i started to stand up,
but she pushed me back to the floor.  She told me that from now on, whenever we
were in the room i would crawl on my hands and knees, and if i made her angry i
would have to move around on my belly like a snake.  i nodded and crawled into
the bathroom, reaching up to turn the shower on and adjust it to the proper
temperature.  i crawled back into the room to tell Miss Kelly it was ready, she
followed me into the bathroom and ordered me into the shower with her.  She
stood there while I soaped and washed first her body and then her hair.  As i
worked, she ran her hands over her body, squeezing and pinching my, even sliding
her fingers into my pussy and holding them up for my to lick clean.  When she
was clean, i stepped out of the shower and toweled her dry.  Miss Kelly reached
back into the shower and turned the hot water off, then she told me to get in
and clean myself.  i worked as quickly as I could, shivering under the cold
water.  When i went to step out she held up a hand and asked if i had to pee.  i
nodded and she told me that i should stand with my hands against the wall of the
shower and my legs spread and piss in the shower.  i whimpered but did as she
told me, shaking as i felt the flow start and quickly get washed away by the
freezing water.  After i was done Miss Kelly let me get out of the shower and
kneel in front of her.  i was shivering and stared hopefully at the towels, but
she told me i could air dry.  We both brushed our teeth and then i crawled
behind her back into the room, she sat in her chair, typing on the computer as I
brushed her hair.  She then had me fetch her clothes and help her dress.  First
her panties and bra, then a t-shirt, jeans and a sweater.  She had me kneel
beside her chair and i saw some of the pictures she had taken the day before, of
me in my clothes.  There were percentages beside each picture and she explained
that for the next few weeks at least the people online would pick what i wore
each morning. 

Miss Kelly would choose other outfits during the day if she decided i needed to
change.  From the percentages, the top choices were two of my shortest skirts. 
Miss Kelly explained that i wouldn't be allowed more than two items of clothing
at a time, and of course i wouldn't wear two skirts, but the highest ranking
skirt and top.  She also told me that some of the people i had chatted with
online had submitted ideas and assignments and when she ordered i would pick one
and do whatever it said.  i nodded, a little afraid.  She pointed to the skirt
and top that had been chosen and told me to get dressed, that we were going
shopping. i crawled to the closet and fetched the skirt, a short black cotton
skirt i'd gotten when i was a sophomore in high school and had only worn one or
two times since i grew to my full height.  The chosen top was a tank top i wore
during the summer on weekends for lounging around, it left my stomach completely
bare and also showed of a lot of my upper chest and cleavage.  i crawled back to
Miss Kelly, kneeling beside her, pulling my clothes on, still very close to
naked, especially without a bra or panties.  She told me to fetch a pair of
sandals, i crawled and put them on in the closet before returning to her side. 
She told me to get up, we were going shopping.  As she opened the door, she
pulled on her heavy ski jacket.  i reached for mine, but she slapped my hand
down. i stared at her, knowing it wouldn't be more than 30 degrees outside, but
she grabbed my arm and dragged me out into the hall, locking the door.  i didn't
even have my wallet or key for the room.  She grabbed my arm and pulled me down
the hall towards the outside doors and the parking lot.




Kelly's Slave

Part 2

Outside the dorm, it was freezing, literally.  There was some snow piled against
the building, and there was water on the ground from it melting in the sun,  i
started shivering as soon as we stepped out the door, i could feel the cold air
between my legs and my shivering as we walked across the parking lot reminded me
of the plug in my ass.  It felt like it was growing bigger as my ass clenched
around it.  Miss Kelly walked slowly, holding my arm and pulling me along beside
her.  We reached her car, a Ford Explorer, and she let go of my arm.  i walked
around to the passenger side and lifted the handle, expecting her to unlock the
door with her remote.  Instead, she unlocked her door using the key and climbed
in, starting the truck and letting it idle while i stood outside shaking harder
and hard, my nipple pushing out against my tank top.  i saw a couple of people
walking across the lot, looking at me like i was crazy for standing out in the
cold dressed that way.  Finally, Miss Kelly unlocked my door, i almost jumped
into the car, shaking uncontrollably. I gasped out loud as i sat in the
passenger seat and the butt plug was pushed deeper into my ass.  i began to
relax a little because the heater was on full blast, when Miss Kelly reached
over and twisted my frozen nipple, She ordered me to pull my skirt up so that my
bare ass was against the seat.  i quickly did as she ordered, feeling the warmth
of the seat heaters against my bare thighs, relaxing back into the seat.  Miss
Kelly didn't say anything else, she just backed out and drove.  i didn't know
what else to do, so i sat quietly as we drove through town and onto the freeway,
heading to the mall.  We pulled up outside one of the entrances, Miss Kelly
ordered me to get out of the car, but she was kind and gave me permission to
wait inside the doors while she parked the car.

It was a Monday, so the mall wasn't very busy, but i still got a lot of looks
standing huddled just inside the door.  It felt like knives every time someone
came in and the cold wind hit me, but i was afraid to move any further inside
because it might upset Miss Kelly.  Most of the people at the mall were older,
since it was morning, and they all either did a double take at how little i was
wearing, or openly stared as they walked past.  Miss Kelly finally came in and
walked past me, snapping out an order to follow her.  i rushed to catch up,
walking behind her as she went to lockers along one wall and stored her coat. 
She began walking down the mall, telling me over her shoulder that no matter
what i would address her properly while we were here and show her proper
respect.  She turned and went into a store, one of the trendy girls and young
women's stores that i usually didn't shop at because of the prices.  Miss Kelly
pulled things off the racks and shelves, piling them on my arms as i followed
behind her.  i had a fairly large pile of clothes when she stopped and turned to
me, mostly skirts even shorter than the one i was wearing, tank tops and baby
t's.  She ordered me to go into the changing room and try them all on, observing
the same rules i had during my "fashion show" yesterday and then come out and
show her how each thing looked on me.  i couldn't believe she wanted me to stand
around the store half naked, but she just stood there and stared, waiting for me
to obey.  i thought about refusing, but i felt like i didn't have any real
choice but to do as i was told, so i carried the pile into one of the dressing
rooms and dropped it on the chair.

i pulled my tank top over my head and slid my skirt off, hanging them both on a
hook on the dressing room door.  Not sure what the rules would be about my
sandals, i took them off too. The first thing i tried on was a t-shirt, i pulled
it on and could barely lower my arms, it was way too small for me.  i pulled it
off and put on one of the tank tops, it was white with a star on the chest, it
was barely long enough to cover my breasts and left my stomach completely bare.
I took the shirt that was too small and leaned out of the dressing room.  Miss
Kelly was standing at the end of the row of rooms watching me.  Nervously, i
stepped out of the dressing room, holding the shirt in front of myself to cover
my bare, shaved pussy.  Miss Kelly frowned and asked what i was doing. When i
answered that the shirt was too small, she quickly walked over to me and slapped
me hard across the face.  She told me that i made three mistakes, first i had
covered myself without permission, second i had suggested that she'd made a
mistake in picking the size of my shirt, and third i had failed to address her
properly.  She told me i was to keep track of the errors and report them to her
when we got back to the dorm so that they could be addressed.  i nodded and
answered, "yes, Miss Kelly."

She had me stand back from her and turn so that she could see how the top was
looking.  She nodded and told me to change into the shirt i was holding.  i
started to go back into the dressing room, but she grabbed my arm and stopped
me.  Miss Kelly ordered me to change there in the hall, for failing to obey the
directions she'd given me.  i shook as i pulled the top off, and tried to pull
the t-shirt on at the same time.  Luckily, because of the time of day, most of
the girls who would shop in this type of store were in school, so it was just
me, Miss Kelly, and the salesgirl, who was out front folding clothes.  i pulled
the restrictive t-shirt on, feeling it crush my breasts and looking down to see
my nipples poking out against the fabric, it only came down to a couple of
inches above my bellybutton.  Miss Kelly nodded and ordered me to get back in
the booth and change.  i tried on each thing she'd chosen, and she would tell me
whether or not i should keep it, so i made two piles in the changing room.  One
of the skirts was a baby blue lycra miniskirt with slits up the front of each
thigh, it was only about 13" long, barely covering my ass.  i stood in the
hallway, arms at my side, topless while Miss Kelly walked around me.  She
slapped me on my ass, and told me the skirt looked good and that i should get
one in pink and red too.  i started to go back into the dressing room to get the
next thing when Miss Kelly stopped me.  She asked if i misunderstood her.  i
looked up not understanding, she pointed to the store, ordering me to fetch the
skirts.  i blushed, not sure what i should do, i wanted to slip into the
changing room and hide, but something made me obey, covering my tits with my
arm, i rushed into the store and grabbed the skirts she commanded.  i could feel
the skirt riding up as i rushed, but i didn't have a spare hand to pull it down. 
The salesgirl looked up just as i turned back to the dressing room, i could see
her stunned look in the mirror on the back wall.  She had to know i was topless
and i realized that the skirt had ridden up so that my butt plug was showing.  i
could feel my face burning with shame as i rushed into the dressing room and
closed the door.  i leaned against it gasping for air, shaking with humiliation
and also realizing the dampness in my pussy that i'd had all day was now running
down my legs.  i pulled another skirt on, this one longer, but slit to the hip
on each side, so that each step showed my entire leg.  i stepped out to show
Miss Kelly and saw that she was talking to the sales girl.  i waited for her to
come back but she called me over, i hesitated but walked to them, keeping my
arms down so that the sales girl got a good look at my tits as i crossed the
store.  Miss Kelly had my turn so that they could see the skirt from all sides,
i kept my eyes down, not looking at the sales girl, but i knew i was bright red. 
After what seemed like an hour, Miss Kelly told me to go change back into my
clothes and meet her at the register.  i went back to the dressing room,
fighting not to run, changed into my clothes, which seemed like a lot to wear
after what i'd had on for the last hour.  i slipped my shoes back on and picked
up the pile of clothes Miss Kelly had liked, i walked out to the register stand
and handed the clothes to the salesgirl.  She still was staring at me, her
expression was a cross between disgust and amusement.  When she finished ringing
everything up, the total was over $300.  i looked at Miss Kelly, wondering what
i was supposed to do, since i didn't have my purse, not that i had anywhere near
that much money.  Miss Kelly looked at me for a moment and asked, "Didn't you
bring your money again pet?"

"No Miss Kelly", i replied, i heard the salesgirl snort at my tone and the way i
answered.

Kelly sighed and pulled out her credit card.  "This is just more you owe me
pet", she said, handing it to the salesgirl.

"yes Miss Kelly", i answered.  After the sales were rung up, Miss Kelly handed
me the bags and told me to follow her walking out of the store.  i could feel
the sales girls eyes on my back as we walked away.

We had been in the store for an hour and i had four large bags full of clothes i
was balancing as i tried to keep up with Miss Kelly.  Her next stop was a shoe
store.  i followed her into the store and put the bags down in a chair at her
direction. She told me to sit down while she went and talked to the salesman, 
they stood in the back of the store and talked for a few minutes, glancing over
at me from time to time.  The salesman went in the back room, Miss Kelly walked
over and sat down next me.  She leaned close and started running her hands over
my tits and pinching my nipples while telling me that i had better behave or i
would be very sorry.  The man came back out with five boxes piled in his arms,
he pulled a low stool over and sat down in front of me.  He was older, probably
in his late 40's or 50's, his hair was brown and gray, wearing a  short-sleeved
shirt and pants, he was a little overweight and just generally average looking. 
He opened the first box and took out a shoe, it was black patent leather, a
six-inch heel and a platform under the front.  He took a hold of my foot and
slid my sandal off.  As he did he looked up my skirt and i knew he could see my
bare pussy, which was dripping.  He quickly fit the shoe onto my foot and then
put its mate on my other foot.  He stood and helped me to my feet, i was
unsteady, these heels were three times higher than anything i'd ever worn
before.  i practiced walking around the store while Miss Kelly and the salesman
watched. i walked back and slipped into the chair, my skirt riding up, when i
went to pull it back down, Miss Kelly stopped me, making me leave it almost high
enough to show my pussy.  The salesman fitted another pair of shoes on, these
heels were even higher, and there was no ankle strap, just one across the front
of my foot.  Again i paraded around the store, my skirt still high up on my
thighs.  A couple of older women, wearing jogging suits came into the store,
they looked at me with obvious disgust and turned and walked out.  The salesman
chuckled and asked if he should ring the shoes up.  i looked over at Miss Kelly
she stood up and dragged me to the far corner of the store.

She told me that she wasn't spending any more money on me today, but that she
expected to leave the store with three pairs of shoes.  The shoes were $90.
each, and i didn't have $270 now anymore than i had it in the last store.  She
told me that she thought she could arrange an alternative for me.  Miss Kelly
went over and talked to the salesman, he looked up at me and nodded happily. 
She came back over to me and told me what i was going to do.  i was completely
confused, frightened and totally turned on all at the same time.  i only
hesitated before doing as she ordered.

i walked into the back of the store, into the office, still wearing the new
heels.  In the office i stripped off my skirt and top, naked, i squatted down on
my heels and waited.  When the salesman walked in, i reached up and unzipped his
pants.  i wasn't a virgin, and i had given plenty of blowjobs, but not since i'd
gotten to college, and never to a total stranger old enough to be my father. 
His cock was average size and i quickly took it into my mouth, hoping to get it
over with.  Like Miss Kelly had ordered, i was squatting down, not kneeling and
crossed my wrists behind my back, imagining i was bound.  i licked and sucked
his hardening cock. lapping at it and sucking the head into my mouth. He moaned,
reaching down to grab my head and pushed his cock deep into my mouth.  i bobbed
my head up and down, using my tongue to lick all along the shaft as the head
pushed deep into my mouth.  i moaned around his cock, the feeling of shame and
humiliation at what i was doing almost making me cum as i bounced my head up his
cock.  It only took a few minutes before he shoved his crotch against my face,
holding my there while his cock jerked and shot cum into my mouth.  Miss Kelly
had ordered me to swallow it all, so i gulped it down as quickly as i could.  As
soon as he finished cumming, he pulled his cock out, zipped his pants up and
walked out.  i let my hand drift towards my pussy, trying to decide between
making myself cum and making Miss Kelly mad, before i could do anything she came
into the room and smiled down at me, calling me a whore and telling me to get
dressed.  i pulled my top and skirt back on, seeing that there was a big wet
spot on the back of the skirt as i did.

i followed Miss Kelly out of the store carrying another bag with the three pairs
of shoes in it.  She walked along the mall, asking me back over her shoulder how
it felt to have whored myself out for some shoes.  i didn't know how to answer
so i just stayed quiet.  She turned suddenly and led me into a bathroom off the
main mall walkway.  Closing the door behind us, she pushed me against a wall. 
She pulled my skirt down and my top up, leaving me naked basically, her hands
squeezed and rubbed my tits as she told me she was very proud of her little pet
for obeying and being a good little whore.  i trembled with pride at being good
for her, which surprised me, as i was thinking about it, she suddenly grabbed my
hair and pulled my head back, kissing my hard, her tongue diving into my mouth,
pushing past my lips, her other hand dropped to my pussy, stroking it as she
kissed my mouth.  She pulled away, leaving me gasping, and reached into her
purse.  Miss Kelly pulled out a mini vibrator and told me that since i'd been a
good girl, i was going to get a reward.  As i stood against the bathroom wall,
exposed, she pushed my legs apart and turned the vibrator on.  She pushed the
hand that had been rubbing my pussy into my mouth, making me lick up my own
juices while she ran the vibrator over my clit.  i was already on the verge of
orgasm and came quickly, moaning around Miss Kelly's fingers.  As i pressed
myself against the wall and shuddered, she put the vibrator in my mouth, telling
me to lick it clean.  i did, tasting myself again, catching sight of myself in
the mirror, blushing with shame at how i looked.


Miss Kelly ordered my to fix my clothes and follow her.  My legs were still weak
from cumming, but i pulled my top and skirt down and stumbled over to the bags,
picking them up and following Miss Kelly to the food court.  She picked a table
and sat down, She ordered me to put the bags down and handed me a ten dollar
bill. Miss Kelly told me to go get her a drink and some lunch.  i walked over to
the booth she'd told me and bought her lunch,  i only had a dollar and some
change left after ordering her lunch, so i couldn't get anything for myself.  i
took her food back to the table and gave it to her.  Miss Kelly ordered me to
stand beside her chair while she ate.  i stood there, shifting from foot to
foot, feeling like everyone was staring at me,  Miss Kelly asked if i was
hungry, i responded that i was.  She held up a forkful of food and told me to
bend over, keeping my legs straight and take it.  i did as she ordered, feeling
my skirt ride up and shaking with fear that my butt plug would show, i gulped
the food down quickly and straightened up.  Miss Kelly fed me a couple more
bites during her lunch, making me repeat the same thing each time.  When she
finished, she pushed her tray away and told me to dispose of the trash.  i took
it to a garbage can and came back to Miss Kelly, she had me pick up the bags and
followed her to the lockers where she got her coat and then she led me out of
the mall.  i was sweaty from what had happened and my feelings of humiliation,
the cold air made me shiver the instant we walked through the doors of the mall
to the parking lot.  i followed Miss Kelly out through the parking lot to her
SUV, she made a point of walking slowly until we finally arrived beside her
truck.  Again, she unlocked her door with the key, climbing inside and turning
the truck on before unlocking the other doors.  She ordered me to put the bags
in the back, then told me to climb in the passenger seat.  i did as she ordered,
making sure to pull my skirt up so my bare ass was on the seat.  Miss Kelly
reached over and ran a finger down my bare slit, lifting it to my face to show
me how wet it was.  She told me she didn't want me ruining her upholstery with
my slutty pussy.  She told me to take my shirt off and put it on the seat under
me to protect the seat.  i did as she ordered, slumping down in the seat to try
and hide the fact i was topless, she smiled and told me i'd been a good girl and
deserved another reward.  She pulled the vibrator out of her purse and handed it
to me, telling me i had permission to cum as many times as i could before we got
back to campus.

i almost snatched the vibe out of her hand, turning it on and top speed and
burying it in my wet pussy, my first orgasm coming almost instantly, before she
even started to back the truck out.  As she drove, i continued to run the vibe
over my clit and pussy lips, moaning through cum after cum.  At some point, Miss
Kelly rolled down the passenger window, and although i gasped at the cold air in
my face and on my hard nipples, i didn't even pause in making myself cum.




Kelly's Slave

Chapter 3 - First Assignment

By the time we got back to school, i had cum at least six times.  Normally after
two orgasms, it hurt to touch myself, but now the more i came, the hotter i got
and the more i wanted.  By the time Miss Kelly parked the car and grabbed the
vibrator away from me, i was wild eyed and sweating.  i immediately started
fingering myself, trying to cum again, until Miss Kelly slapped me across the
face and ordered me to stop.  i pulled my hand away, looking over at her. i was
topless, flushed and panting.  The only thing i could think of was cumming
again, the fact i was sitting topless in the dorm parking lot didn't even
register with me.  Miss Kelly held the vibrator to my lips and let me suck it
clean.  She then ordered me out of the car, telling me to put my top back on and
get the bags out of the back.  i climbed out of the truck, and as i pulled my
shirt, which i had been sitting on, from the seat, i saw it had a huge wet spot
from my pussy leaking all over it.  i barely hesitated before pulling it on,
seeing that my leaky pussy had made it almost transparent and my hard nipples
were clearly visible.  The freezing cold cleared my head a little and i quickly
grabbed the bags and rushed to catch up with Miss Kelly, following her into the
dorm.  Our dorm was coed, so both guys and girls saw me walking down the hall,
nipples still sticking out, barely dressed and loaded with bags, following my
roommate. 

As soon as we entered our room, Miss Kelly pointed to my bed and told me to drop
the clothes there.  She ordered me to strip and reminded me that i was to be
nude and on my knees whenever we were in our room.  i stripped and dropped to
the floor, kneeling with my knees wide and hands on my thighs, waiting for more
instructions.  Miss Kelly hung up her jacket and sat on her bed looking at me. 
She asked if i would like to cum again, i nodded yes, she asked how many times i
had cum today, i answered seven or eight and she jumped up and slapped me hard
across the face.  She stood over me, very angry and told me that she had only
cum once, did it seem fair for a slave to cum more than her owner?  i answered
no and tried to apologize, but she slapped me again.  She asked how many
mistakes i'd made at the mall.  i answered three and she slapped me again,  She
told me that i had to be punished for both being a selfish slave and for being a
stupid slave.  i shuddered, face burning from the slaps, both afraid and excited
at the idea of being punished.  Two days ago i would have been horrified if
anyone else knew my secret fantasies, and now i was kneeling naked, hoping they
would come true.

Miss Kelly ordered me to undress her.  Kneeling in front of her, i removed her
shoes and socks then undid her pants and helped her take them off, followed by
her sweater, shirt, bra and panties.  When Miss Kelly was naked too, she sat on
her bed and ordered me to lie across her lap. After i had positioned myself, she
ran her hand over my ass, rubbing my cheeks until i moaned.  She then reached
over and pulled her belt out of the jeans she had been wearing.  She also picked
up her panties and pushed them into my mouth.  i could taste her on the panties,
and they made an excellent gag as she began spanking me with her belt.  The
first stroke wasn't bad, but she kept hitting me over and over, alternating
sides of my ass and then hitting both at once.  After a few strokes i was
sobbing and thrashing on her lap, when she finally stopped, i could feel my ass
burning.  She pushed me off her lap onto the floor and told me to get back on my
knees.  Once i was in position, she reached over and pulled the panties out of
my mouth, then spread her legs and told me i could have another opportunity to
show her what i could do with my tongue.  i leaned forward and started licking
her pussy, finding it already wet as my tongue ran over her lips, lapping from
bottom to top before licking and sucking her clit into my mouth.  As i worked,
she barked orders at me, directing my actions, telling me when to suck her clit,
when to push my tongue deep into her pussy.  It took me twenty minutes, but Miss
Kelly let me continue working until she finally grabbed my hair and forced my
head tight against her crotch as she gasped and shuddered, cumming across my
face.  She shoved me back away from her, gathering her breath she told me that
i'd improved and might someday be a worthwhile cuntlicker, with plenty of
practice.  Again, i was surprised at the surge of pride i felt at her
compliment.  Miss Kelly ordered me into the bathroom, following behind me as i
crawled.

In the bathroom, she ordered me to the toilet, having me kneel in front of it as
she sat on the seat, She grabbed my hair and pulled my head close to her as she
pissed, making me watch the stream flow into the toilet, an inch or so from my
face.  When she finished, she stood up and ordered me to lick her clean.  Her
pussy tasted a lot different than it had before, not nearly as good, but i
licked her clean quickly.  As i finished, she stuffed her panties back into my
mouth, gagging me again.  She asked if i needed to pee, i nodded yes.  She
ordered me to get in the shower, still on my hands and knees and told me to
piss.  i knelt there for a moment, unsure of what to do before relaxing my
bladder, feeling piss splatter my thighs as i went, feeling it wash over my legs
before running down the drain,  When i finished, Miss Kelly pointed the shower
head at my pussy and legs and turned on the cold water to wash me clean.  She
told me that from now on, that is how i would go to the bathroom.  i nodded and
crawled out of the shower, following her back into the room, still on my hands
and knees.  She ordered me to kneel, i did so, back straight, knees wide, hands
on my thighs, mouth still full of her panties.  The position pushed my ass
together, reminding me of the plug buried there. 

She pointed the camera from the computer at me, then sat at her desk and started
chatting.  Twenty minutes passed before she looked at me again.  She ordered me
to model my new purchases, again i had to do it one item at a time.  The only
change was that she had me put on the black pair of shoes i had gotten and wear
them the whole time.  Each time i changed, i stood in front of the camera and
she snapped a pic of me.  When i had tried everything on and then put it away, i
knelt again, still wearing the shoes.  Miss Kelly typed for a while longer, then
ordered me to crawl around and look at the screen.  She had logged into my
email, even though i didn't remember giving her the password.  There were 20 or
30 emails from people i had chatted with online, the subject line for each one
was ASSIGNMENT.   Miss Kelly told me that from time to time, at her order, i
would pick one of the assignments and complete it, reporting back to the chat
room she had set up for my former chat friends.  She stood up and stepped away
from the computer, told me to kneel in front of it and pick an assignment for
tonight.  i trembled as i read down the list of emails, reading the names and
remembering the games we'd played online.  My first instinct was to pick one
from someone who had less severe fantasies, something that probably wouldn't be
too bad.  As i moved the mouse towards one email from a woman i'd chatted with a
few times, i found myself instead pushing it to the email from one of the
Master's who had brought me to the highest levels of humiliation.  Clicking
twice, i read the email, it was lengthy and detailed.  i whimpered as i read it,
wishing i'd made a different decision.  Miss Kelly read over my shoulder,
reaching down to stroke my hair as she did. Suddenly, she grabbed a handful of
my hair and jerked my head back.  Telling me that dinner started in 20 minutes
and i had better hurry if i was going to complete my assignment. 

The email was detailed about everything, including my clothes.  Crawling to the
closet, i pulled on a khaki skirt that came to my knees and a white blouse, then
crawled back to Miss Kelly.  She told me to stand and got a pair of scissors out
of the desk, using them to make the suggested modifications to my clothes. 
First she cut the skirt off, leaving it just long enough to cover my ass and
pussy, then cutting slits up each side, turning my skirt into a loincloth.  She
then snipped each of the buttons off my shirt, then cut away the long sleeves,
widening the armholes to show my chest from each side.  When she finished, I
tied the shirt up below my tits as the email had directed.  Miss Kelly ordered
me to bend over and grab my ankles.  Flipping my skirt up in back, she yanked
the butt plug out of my ass.  After slipping the last item specified in the
email into my shirt pocket, she pulled on a sweater and pants, not bothering
with any underwear either.  Miss Kelly was kind, allowing me to put my jacket on
before we headed out to the cafeteria for dinner.  Walking across the quad to
the dining hall, i almost slipped a bunch of times, not used to the high heels. 
Grabbing Miss Kelly for support i clung to her arm as we walked into the
cafeteria.  She took my coat and hung it with hers, leaving me standing alone,
drawing attention immediately.  She walked back to me and whispered in my ear to
be a good little slave and do as i had been instructed.  Then she grabbed a tray
and started through the line to get food.  i followed a few people behind her,
picking at some of the offerings.  In the end i took a small salad and roll,
keeping my eyes down as i handed my meal card to the lady at the end of the
line.  Feeling eyes on me from everyone in the room, i looked for a seat.  Miss
Kelly had gone to sit with some of our friends, they had their heads together
talking and glancing over at me from time to time. 

Finally, i saw a seat that would meet the needs of my assignment.  Sitting down
at a table full of guys, i began picking at my salad.  They had been talking,
but stopped and stared at me.  Smiling shyly, i let one of my hands run up the
leg of the guy sitting next to me, not saying anything, but running my hand over
his crotch while keeping my eyes down.  Not saying anything, his hand was soon
high on my thigh, his fingers probing at my bare pussy,  He leaned away from me
and whispered something to the guy next to him.  The word was quickly passed
around the table and soon the guy sitting on the other side of me was sliding
his hand across my belly and down between my legs.  Leaning close to the first
guy, i whispered in his ear, asking if we could go back to his room, and if his
friends could come along.  Nodding eagerly, he wolfed down the rest of his food,
Standing up, he grabbed a hold of my arm, his friends followed his lead, also
getting up.  As a group, we headed out of the cafeteria, seven guys and me. 
Their hands were all over me as we walked across the snow covered grass, pulling
my top open and my skirt up.  No one bothered to question why i was doing this
or even ask my name.  The school was big enough that i didn't know everyone, and
i'd never met these guys before.  They took me into one of the other dorms,
almost dragging me into a room.  In the room, they all paused, waiting to see
what i would do.  As the email had instructed, i dropped my skirt and shirt,
knelt on the floor in the proper position and begged the guys to fuck me in all
my slut holes.  That was all the encouragement they needed and they all started
taking off their clothes.  The first one naked stepped forward and jammed his
already hard cock into my mouth, grabbing handfuls of my hair.  There hadn't
been much chance for me to date over the last semester, so even though i wasn't
a virgin by any means, i hadn't had much practice lately.  It didn't matter
much, the guy just held me in place and fucked my face, his friends were almost
immediately telling him to move, some of them circling around to grab and pinch
my tits and ass.  The first guy pulled out, his cock wet with my spit and was
quickly replaced by a second cock.  Apparently they all decided to fuck my mouth
first as they quickly switched off, each taking a couple of minutes pushing
their hard cocks down my throat until i gagged.  When they had all taken a turn,
they stepped back for a minute, letting me catch my breath.  Guessing this might
be my only chance, i pulled the sharpie Miss Kelly had given me out of my shirt
pocket.  As instructed in the email, i told the guys that they were welcome to
use any of my holes, any way they wanted, but asked that before they finished
with me, they each use the sharpie to sign their names on my body.  Some of the
guys seemed a little surprised by the request, but it didn't slow them down any. 
One of them, a tall muscular guy with a big cock, grabbed me around the waist
and lifted me onto the bed, dropping me on my back, he took the pen and signed
his name above my shaved pussy, then quickly flipped me onto my hands and knees
and knelt behind me.  Grabbing my hips, he shoved his cock deep into my dripping
pussy in a single stroke.  i'd almost cum just from feeling the pen on my body,
but his cock filling me made me spasm and grunt.  Moving quickly, one of the
other guys gagged me by shoving his cock into my mouth.  The two of them worked
back and forth, jerking my body between them.  After a few minutes, i felt the
guy behind me thrust deep and spurt his cum into my pussy.  He pulled out, and i
heard another guy say something about sloppy seconds as i felt someone climb on
the bed behind me.  A pair of hands grabbed my ass, spreading it wide just as
the guy in my mouth jerked and gushed into my throat.  The taste of cum startled
me, as i did my best to follow the e-mail's instructions and swallow it all. 
Again, my concentration was broken as another cock forced its way into my body,
this one plunged into my ass.   Even loosened by the butt plug i had worn most
of the day, i was unprepared for the pain of an unlubed cock thrusting into me. 
As the cock in my mouth pulled out, my groan of pain was muffled by another hard
dick forcing its way past my lips.  Immediately, i started licking and sucking,
trying to distract myself from the burning pain in my ass.  Some one grabbed my
hand out from under me, pulling it to the side and wrapping it around another
hard cock, forcing me to stroke up and down as my mouth and ass were fucked. 
This time all three cocks exploded at the same time, filling my ass and mouth
while i felt the third shoot cum onto my side and back.

More cocks quickly took their places, the cock forced into my mouth was limp,
but tasted distinctly of pussy, hardening as i licked and sucked.  i lost track
of the sensations, my mind going blank as my body was used again and again. 
Eventually, i collapsed on the bed, unconscious.  A hard slap to the face woke
me, bleary eyed i looked at my body, covered with marker scribbles.  Another
slap made me look up, the guy i had originally approached was standing over me,
his cock hard again.  He pushed it into my dry mouth, holding my head as he
fucked my throat.  It took him a long time to cum, but finally he did, pulling
out to shoot his load on my face.  Then he pointed to my balled up clothes and
told me to get out, he needed to sleep, but to feel free to stop by anytime.  i
crawled to my clothes and pulled them on, finding that both the skirt and shirt
reeked of cum and were damp with cum and sweat.   Standing on wobbly legs, i
stumbled out into the hall and out of the dorm.  It was dark and freezing, i
started shivering again as i staggered back to my own dorm.  Since i didn't have
a key, i had to knock on the door to my room.  Ten minutes passed before Miss
Kelly finally unlocked and opened the door.  She was wearing a long t-shirt and
had obviously been sleeping.  She looked me up and down, then ordered me to
strip.  Still standing in the hallway, i pulled off my top and skirt, turning at
her command so she could examine the names signed all over my body and cum
dripping from my face, hair, pussy, and ass.  She then ordered me to kneel and
crawl into the room.  Closing the door, she had me stand in front of the camera,
snapping pictures as i turned, then bending over so that she could examine my
ass and pussy.  Deciding that i had been abused enough, she decided not to put
my butt plug back in.  Instead i was ordered to kneel and type a detailed
account of my assignment and post it into the chat room board she had created
for me, being sure to thank the master for being kind enough to take the time
and create the assignment for me.  Miss Kelly then sat in her chair and read my
account while i knelt between her legs and lapped at her pussy.  The combination
of my tongue and the story of my use made her cum quickly, after which she
ordered me to lay on the floor and cuffed my hands together around the foot of
her bed, not giving me a chance to shower or clean myself up, or even get a
drink other than what i had lapped up from her body.  She turned the lights out
and lay down in her bed.  Naked on the floor, i went over what had happened in
my mind, without thinking i spread my legs and began rubbing my naked pussy
against the carpet, moaning softly as i came again.  Miss Kelly turned over in
her bed, sat up and told me to remind her to punish me for cumming without
permission, then she rolled back over and went to sleep.  Eventually, i also
fell asleep, dreaming of the hands pulling and twisting at my body.




Kelly's Slave

Part 4

The next morning, i woke up sore, my ass and pussy especially aching.  Cuffed to
the bed leg, i couldn't move until Kelly's alarm went off and she rolled over
and sat up.  It was the first day of class, and also the first day of softball
practice for me, something i hadn't even thought of since this all started. 
Miss Kelly stood up and bent over to unlock my handcuffs, telling me to follow
her to the bathroom.  My arms and legs throbbed and i followed her on all fours,
eyes locked on her ass swinging in front of me.  In the bathroom, she used the
toilet, then stood up and told me to lick her clean.  Without hesitating, i
crawled forward and ran my tongue along her pussy, tasting the piss as i licked
her softly.  She let me work for a couple of minutes, pushing me away as i
started to suck on her clit.  She told me that wasn't what i was told to do and
to start the shower.  Like the day before, i prepared the showed and then washed
Miss Kelly.  When she was finished, she got out, turned the water to cold and
told me to wash myself, handing me a stiff bristled brush to scrub away the
words and names scrawled all over my body.  She left me alone as i worked, my
skin turning pink and then red as i scrubbed.  Miss Kelly came back in and
turned the shower off, ordering me to stand against the wall and piss before
turning the water back on for a moment to wash me clean.

She ordered me back to the floor and i followed her into the dorm room.  Miss
Kelly sat at her desk and told me that she was going to let me have a nice easy
day, but since i had cum without permission the night before i was going to be
punished.  First i would wear the butt plug for all my classes, and to practice
if i didn't make it back to the room to have Miss Kelly remove it.  Secondly, i
wouldn't be allowed my coat for the whole day.  Again, the people online had
voted to choose my outfit.  Today it was a sundress, flower print and spaghetti
straps that wouldn't offer much protection in the cold.  Miss Kelly decided that
i would wear the white platform heels today.  At her command, i crawled to the
closet and fetched the dress and shoes, bringing them back to the room.  Miss
Kelly had the butt plug ready, but had decided that i would only be allowed to
lube it with my own spit.  She set it on the second desk chair and ordered me to
kneel in front of it and start licking the plug. Kneeling on all fours, i did my
best to soak the plug with by saliva.  Miss Kelly gave me two minutes or so to
wet it before ordering me to put it in.  She ordered me to stand up and sit down
on the plug.  Teetering on my sore legs, i lowered myself onto the plug, feeling
the pain as it slid into my sore asshole.  A groan was forced out of me and my
face was contorted in pain as it slid all the way in until my ass closed around
the plug and the base was against my cheeks.  Miss Kelly grabbed my hair and
pulled me back onto the floor.  She had me lower my head and shoulders to the
floor and raise my ass while she made sure the plug was all the way in.  She
pushed and turned it for a couple of minutes, her fingers drifting down to run
along my wet slit until my hips began to move involuntarily.  Miss Kelly stopped
and stood up, ordering me to kneel and lick her fingers clean.  Taking them in
my mouth, i sucked them clean tasting my own pussy.  Miss Kelly had me crawl to
her dresser and take out her clothes. It seemed like she was making a point to
wear her warmest clothes, a turtleneck and sweater, flannel lined jeans, and
thick wool socks.  Still naked, i dressed her.  When she was bundled up against
the cold she ordered me to put my dress on.

Miss Kelly left for class and i grabbed my backpack and went to get some
breakfast before my first class.  i walked into the cafeteria, already shivering
even after the short walk from the dorm.  Walking through the food line and then
sitting by myself at a table, i had to sit for a couple of minutes before i
stopped shaking enough to eat.   i looked around a little bit and saw everyone
else was wearing winter clothes, more than a few of the guys were glancing over
at me.  Eating quickly, i headed to my first class, an English lecture.  Again,
i was shivering by the time i walked into the room.  The class was one of the
largest on campus, over two hundred students in the hall.  Usually i sat with a
couple of other girls on the softball team that were also in the class, but
today i tried to sit up near the back, hoping they wouldn't notice me and would
just assume i'd skipped class.  Still shaking after i sat down, i got my
notebook out as two guys sat down on either side of me, openly staring at how i
was dressed.  The lecture started and i concentrated on taking notes.  About 20
minutes into the class, the guy on my left started running his hand up my thigh. 
Startled, i jerked away and he didn't try again.  When the class finished i was
getting my stuff together when my two teammates walked over and asked what was
up, why i didn't sit with them and why i was wearing the dress.  i told them
that i'd gotten in late and didn't want to interrupt class and that i was
wearing the dress because i'd just been in the mood and hadn't realized how cold
it really was until it was too late to go back and change.  They nodded, a
little skeptical and i made an excuse to rush to my next class.  On my way to
the building it was in, i ran into a couple of guys who grabbed me and started
pawing at my body.  They asked if i was going to be giving another performance. 
Confused for a minute, i realized they were from the night before and even
though it was nice to be in the middle of them and feel a little warmth, i
mumbled something before pulling away and rushing away as quickly as i could in
the high heels.  My next class was much smaller, only 10 students.  All of them
looked at me as i took my seat, an involuntary gasp escaped as i sat down and
the plug slid deeper into my stretched ass.  One of the girls leaned over and
asked if everything was ok, i nodded as the professor walked in.  He was middle
aged, and had a reputation for fooling around with students.  He spent the
entire lecture staring directly at me while i did my best to be inconspicuous. 
When class ended and we started to leave he called me back to speak with him. 
Alone in the room, he openly stared at me and told me that he approved of my
dress and wished more of his students would show some disregard for the cold. 
Doing my best to neither encourage or annoy him, i said thank you and headed out
of the classroom.  i only had one more class and it was in the same building, so
i arrived a few minutes early.  Again, i drew everyone's attention as i wobbled
in on my new shoes and took my seat.  No one said anything and i sat quietly
reviewing my notes until the professor came in, he showed no sign of noticing me
as he immediately started the lecture.  His droning voice always lulled me
nearly to sleep, and it was much harder after the night i'd had.  Somehow i made
it through class without dozing off and falling out of my chair.  When class was
over, i looked at the clock and realized i only had 45 minutes before practice
started.  i hurried back to the dorm, hoping Miss Kelly would be there to take
the butt plug out before practice.

By the time i made it across campus and into the dorm room i was shaking so hard
i could barely stay on my shoes.  i slipped into the room and took my dress off,
kneeling on the floor and waiting for Miss Kelly.  She came in a few minutes
later, tossing her backpack on the bed.  She was furious, yelling at me.  She
told me i had been a stupid disobedient slave and to start my punishment, i
would be wearing the butt plug to practice.  Shaking, i begged her not to make
me, changing in the locker room, there would be no way to hide it from the other
girls on the team.  She ignored me and pulled out my workout bag, telling me
this would be another part of my punishment, she pulled my sports bra and
panties out of the bag and then tossed it to the floor beside me.  She ordered
me to get going to practice and to try and not do anything else to make her
angry because i already had enough punishment coming.  Pulling my dress back on
and wiping away my tears, i grabbed the bag and hurried to practice.  The
practice fields were on the far side of campus, by the time i got to the gym
where our locker room was, i was shaking and shivering so hard i could barely
walk.  When i walked in, most of the girls were already there changing.  Keeping
my head down, i went to my locker and started to change, pulling my dress off
and standing with my back against my locker, figuring that showing everyone my
bald pussy and the fact i didn't have any underwear on was better than letting
them see the butt plug.  We were working out inside today, so i pulled on my
shorts and a t-shirt, then my socks and running shoes instead of my cleats.  As
i locked my locker and turned around i saw the two girls from class looking at
me a little strange, but they didn't say anything as i took my glove and headed
into the gym.  Because it was the first day of practice, things were fairly
easy.  We ran some sprints and tossed balls around some.  When we went back into
the locker room, i changed back into my dress while most of the girls were in
the shower, hoping to slip out before they got finished.  Rushing out of the
gym, i was shocked when the cold air hit my sweaty body, beginning to shiver
almost immediately,  Making my way across campus, i stumbled back into the dorm
and to my room.  Miss Kelly wasn't there, but a note on the desk told me to
kneel with my head on the floor in the corner and wait for her.  Stripping out
of my dress, i got on all fours in the corner, head on the floor and plugged ass
up, legs spread wide so my bald pussy would show to anyone who walked into the
room.  Time passed and i shifted around, trying to find a more comfortable
position. My body was still freezing and i shivered as i waited.  The door to
the room opened and i felt hands running over my ass, i thought it was best not
to look up until i was told to.  Miss Kelly told me i had been a very bad girl
and would have to be punished.  She asked me if i knew what i had done wrong, i
told her i didn't know what i did.  She ordered me to turn around and kneel. 
Kneeling with my back straight and knees spread wide, i saw a piece of paper
Miss Kelly had tacked up on the wall.  It read:

RULES

1. Slut cunt will obey any orders she is given immediately and happily.
2. Slut cunt is happiest naked and will be that way as much as she can
3. Slut cunt loves being used and will never avoid or pull away from anyone who
wants to use her unless she has other instructions
4. Slut cunt will keep her grades up and do well in school
5. Slut cunt will always tell the truth, no matter what the situation or the
question

Underneath there were a list of numbers with blanks next to them, Miss Kelly
told me there would be more rules later.  She asked if i knew now what my
mistakes were now that i'd read the rules.  Still confused, i told her no.  She
grabbed a handful of my hair, pulled my head back and slapped me hard across the
face.  She said i'd lied multiple times during the day and i'd also refused or
avoided others advances.  Realizing she was right, i nodded.  She ordered me to
lean over my bed, kneeling on the floor.  Once i was in position, she pulled the
butt plug out without warning, making me whimper in pain.  Miss Kelly got her
belt and doubled it over, telling me that she wasn't sure how many strikes i was
going to receive, but i would count each one and thank her.  She began hitting
me across the ass, varying the speed she hit me at.  After each stroke i counted
the number and thanked her, soon i was sobbing and grabbing at the mattress as
she hit me.  When she stopped, i was shaking and crying, she left me there for a
few minutes, letting me cry.  Miss Kelly ordered me to undress her and put her
clothes away.  Folding them and hanging them up, i crawled back into the room,
kneeling at her feet.  She said it was time for the second half of my
punishment, but that i was a smelly slut and should go take a shower first.  In
the bathroom, i turned the shower on cold and washed myself quickly, rinsing
away the sweat from practice.  As i was finishing, Miss Kelly opened the shower
and told me to piss, i leaned against the wall in the proper position and did as
she ordered, after i was done, she shut the shower off and told me to towel
myself dry.  When i was mostly dry, she pulled a scarf off the counter and used
it to blindfold me, making sure that i couldn't see anything.  She grabbed a
handful of my hair and told me to crawl back into the room, using my hair to
guide me.  She had me kneel again, knees wide and hands behind my head.  While i
was kneeling, she told me that it was time for my training to expand, and that a
couple of people had agreed to help with my training.  Confused, i waited for
her to explain.  Instead she grabbed my hair and yanked me forward, forcing my
face into a pussy and ordering me to lick.  It wasn't Miss Kelly, because she
was standing beside me.  That meant someone else was there and knew i was a
slave.  Miss Kelly shook my hair and i started licking like she'd ordered. 
Using  the things i'd learned serving Miss Kelly, i soon had the girl in front
of my moaning and pushing her pussy against my face.  When she had moaned
through an orgasm, Miss Kelly pulled my head away and forced it into another,
different pussy.  Again she ordered me to lick and i did, worried about how many
people were going to know what a slut i was.  This girl took a lot longer to
cum, forcing me to lick and suck as hands ran over my body, pinching and
twisting my nipples.  There were at least two pairs of hands massaging my body. 
When the pussy i was licking spasmed and the girl moaned, i knew she had cum and
did my best to lick up her juices as she came.  Miss Kelly pulled me away and
told me to kneel.  She pulled my blindfold off and i saw that the two girls
sitting on her bed were my teammates that had asked about my dress that morning. 
Blushing bright red, i was terrified that this meant i was going to have to quit
the team.  Miss Kelly stroked my hair, telling me that they were my new
assistant trainers and had volunteered to help her train me to be a good slut
slave.

Confused, i tried to figure out what to do, this was way more than i had ever
expected.  The guys from the night before just thought i was a slut at most,
maybe just a girl having fun, but these two obviously knew that i was a slave
and had seen Miss Kelly ordering me around, plus i had to see them everyday in
class and at practice.  Realizing that i didn't have a choice, and really didn't
want one, i shuddered involuntarily, feeling wetness drip down my legs even
though no one had touched me.  The two girls, Jenny and Stacy, were fondling
each other and smiling at me, telling me that they would enjoy seeing that i was
a good and obedient slave.  They stood up together and walked over to me,
running their hands through my hair and telling Kelly that they'd be happy to
help out anytime.  While they were playing with me, Miss Kelly told me that i
would obey them just like i did her, unless they told me to do something that
contradicted her orders.  Nodding, i said that i understood.  Miss Kelly looked
at the clock and said that they were all going to eat dinner, and that as my
last punishment for being a bad slut, i would go without dinner tonight.  They
pulled the mattress off my bed and made my lay down on the bare springs, then
used scarves to tie me down spread eagle.  Miss Kelly blindfolded me again and i
heard the door open and close. Tied down on the bed, i thought about all the
things that had happened in just a few days, going from a normal student to a
naked slut in front of my roommate and teammates, showing off on the internet
and getting gang banged by a bunch of strange guys.  Just thinking about what
i'd done excited me, and i wanted more.  The door opened and a few seconds later
Miss Kelly asked me if i was hungry, i nodded yes and she said that Jenny and
Stacy had convinced her to let me eat.  My arms and legs were untied and Miss
Kelly took my blindfold off.  Jenny and Stacy were there too, Stacy was lying on
my mattress on the floor, naked, and Jenny was next to her, still dressed. 
Jenny opened a bag and pulled out a bottle of baby food, strained peas.  She
opened the bottle and poured it over Stacy, telling me to get over there and
lick it off.  Miss Kelly pulled me off the bed and dropped me between Stacy's
legs.  The food tasted nasty as i started to lick it up, leaning over Stacy and
lapping at her belly.  Jenny watched for a minute and then reached over to start
playing with my pussy.  Soon i was moaning as i licked, pushing myself back
against her hand,  She didn't stop, rubbing my clit until i came.  My orgasm was
so strong i almost collapsed on top of Stacy, but i finished licking up the baby
food.  When i was done, Stacy got up and Jenny stripped and lay down, Stacy
pulled out a bottle of mashed carrots and spread them over Jenny, telling me to
lick them off.  While i did, Stacy played with my pussy, making me cum again. 
When Jenny was clean, Miss Kelly asked if they'd like to take me back to their
room for the night.  They eagerly said yes and Miss Kelly told me to get my
dress and heels on.  Jenny and Stacy got dressed while i did, then Miss Kelly
ordered me to go with them and do what i was told.  Nodding i followed them out
of the room and across the quad to their dorm, pressing myself against them
trying to stay warm as we walked through the freezing cold.  When we got to
their room, i took my dress off without being told and waited for orders.  Their
room was set up so that it was obvious they were together, their beds were
pushed together to form one big bed.  They both stripped and climbed in bed,
telling me to get between their legs and lick until they fell asleep, then get
on the floor to sleep.  They told me in the morning they wanted to wake up with
my mouth on their pussies.  Crawling between their legs, i started licking
softly, alternating between them, using my fingers on the one i wasn't licking,
following their instructions i made them both cum a couple of times before they
fell asleep.  When they were both snoring softly, i crawled onto the floor and
curled up at the foot of the bed, still wearing my heels, until i fell asleep
too.




Kelly's Slave

Part 5

Life settled down to a routine of class, practice, and humiliation over the next
few weeks.  As it got warmer, wearing the revealing clothing that Miss Kelly and
her online assistants chose for me became less of a problem.  Miss Kelly was
very happy to find that Stacy and Jenny were more than happy to help with my
training.  Practice was my only refuge from being used and abused, although
because i was a freshman i wasn't part of the varsity team and didn't go on road
trips.  Those days were usually the hardest.  Because i didn't have practice,
Miss Kelly would send me to the gym on campus to work out.  It was mostly full
of fraternity guys and sorority girls who were more interested in hooking up
with each other than working out.  Miss Kelly made sure that i got plenty of
attention, only letting me wear short tights and a sports bra.  While working
out, i was allowed to wear socks and tennis shoes while i worked out, but i had
to go to and from the gym in a dress and my heels.  That was the worst part. 
One of Miss Kelly's rules was that i wasn't allowed to change in the girl's
locker room. That left me a choice of changing in a hallway or the men's locker
room.  Taking the less embarrassing choice, i used the men's locker room, which
meant being seen naked by all the guys while i was changing into and out of my
workout clothes.  None of them ever bothered to ask me why i was there, they
just took the opportunity to watch.  They also would ask me out constantly. 
Because i wasn't allowed to say no to anyone, i had to tell them things like i'd
get back to them or ask them to let me think about it.  That only encouraged
them to ask me out over and over, and some of them started to get upset at never
getting an answer.  After working out, i had to shower in the men's locker room,
which also always drew a crowd and plenty of offers to help me wash.  As it
warmed up, Miss Kelly had me start tanning.  She had gotten a lot of stuff over
the weeks i had been her slave, and some of them were bikinis.  All of them were
thongs, some were totally see through and a lot of them barely covered my
nipples and cunt slit.  Those were Mistress' favorites; she would send me out in
the afternoon to lie on the grass in the quad.  A lot of students did it, most
of the girls wore bikinis, but no one was close to what i wore.  She also made
me ask passing guys to rub the suntan oil on me.  Every single time was
humiliating, having to ask a guy to do it, and the first few times Miss Kelly
felt i wasn't inviting enough.  She made me practice on the floor of our room
with Jenny and Stacy playing the roles of the guys, Hours of practice taught me
the proper way to roll onto my back and spread my legs wide, squeeze the lotion
over my stomach and legs, push my tits out and ask them for help in the proper
tone of voice.  It was humiliating in the room; shoving myself at girls i played
softball with, even though they knew that i was a slave.  It was much much worse
out in the grass, calling strangers over, making them think i couldn't wait to
feel their hands on my body, Quickly, i was developing a reputation as a slut
around campus.  Most people didn't know about my being Miss Kelly's slave, but a
lot of guys got the chance to fuck me and they all passed the word around.  That
combined with the way i dressed and my behavior made it easy for everyone to
believe.  The few friends i had made outside of Miss Kelly and my teammates
drifted away and stopped speaking to me.  Within three weeks, any study groups i
was part of became me and a bunch of guys and usually began with my giving them
at least a blowjob before we could do any studying.  Miss Kelly made it clear
that i wasn't to say no to anyone who wanted to use me.  Every time i got fucked
and used, i focused on pleasing them, knowing it was to please Miss Kelly.

The first big issue that came up was our periods.  Miss Kelly had hers first and
decided that she didn't want me servicing her during it, so she passed me over
to Jenny and Stacy most nights.  They weren't as controlling as Miss Kelly, for
the week, we would go to dinner after practice then back to their room, they
would let me study and then have me spend time licking each of their pussys
before they went to sleep.  Except for one night they didn't even tie me up,
just had me sleep on the floor between their beds.  Surprisingly, i missed the
feeling of being under control that I with Miss Kelly, i was eager to get back
to being with her.  Every morning, i still had to go back to our room and help
her with showering and getting ready for class, plus getting my daily
assignments.  For that week, they consisted of seeing that her boyfriend stayed
happy, giving him at least a couple of blowjobs a day.  He was the most
successful at making me feel used and like property.  He didn't even speak to
me, as soon as he'd see me, he would pull me into a private room or place and
unzip his pants.  The only times he spoke to me were to give me orders or moan,
and when he finished, he would let me lick his cock clean, zip up and leave
without even acknowledging me.  Every time made me shudder, knowing that i
wasn't anything more than a place to cum, not even a person as far as he was
concerned.  When my period started, the only changes were that i was allowed a
tampon and could carry a spare and a pair of panties in case of an emergency. 
Guys weren't allowed to use my pussy, but i was still giving lots of blowjobs. 
At night, Miss Kelly had me wear adult diapers and made sure to take plenty of
pictures of me in them.

The whole time, Miss Kelly had been getting a lot of large boxes.  The way our
campus mail worked was that we had mailboxes in our dorms, where we got letters
and stuff, but any large boxes had to be picked up at the central mailroom. 
Miss Kelly would send me to pick her boxes up after my tanning sessions, so that
i had to walk across campus wearing the bikinis she dressed me in.  All of the
guys in the mailroom loved it, and made sure to take plenty of time to find the
boxes.  Some of them were pretty big and hard to carry back to the dorm wearing
my heels. A lot of time guys would offer to help me with the boxes, and as Miss
Kelly had ordered, i always accepted the offers and repaid them back in the dorm
room with my body.  The web cam was always on and pointed at my bed, so that
Miss Kelly's friends online could see me serving at her orders.  The boxes were
full of leather and latex outfits, whips and chains, toys and outfits for me to
use and wear.  Miss Kelly had favorite items, a whip she used on me all the
time, a hood i had to wear a lot, cuffs and spreader bars.  Her absolute
favorite was a 9" strap on dildo that she used on me at least a couple of times
a day most days.  At first it hurt, especially when she would use it in my ass,
after the first couple of times she stopped letting me use lube, only allowing
me to get it wet with my mouth before fucking me.  The surprising thing was that
i never felt better or more content than when i was on my hands and knees with
Miss Kelly's dildo pumping in and out of my ass.  After a couple of accidents,
Miss Kelly also started giving me enemas, they became part of our morning
routine.  In the shower, after i had cleaned her, she would have me get out of
the shower and get on the floor of the bathroom, head on the tile and ass raised
high.  She would fill me with the enema and then put me back in the shower to
wash.  She also stopped letting me use warm water, giving me two good reasons to
get washed as quickly as possible.  Then i had to stand against the wall of the
shower, hands on the wall, legs back and spread and piss.  Miss Kelly also
started turning the water off for this, meaning i had to feel the piss run down
my legs and puddle in the shower.  Then i got out of the shower and had to squat
over the toilet, to make sure i wasn't pissing,  Miss Kelly would take the plug
out of my ass and let me go in the toilet.  Sometimes she would give me a second
enema to make sure i was clean, but then i would get back in the shower and Miss
Kelly would rinse me off.  A lot of times she would give me another one when i
got back from practice,  Jenny and Stacy got to see one of those and loved it,
making it a part of any nights i spent with them.  It was very unusual for me to
be allowed to go to the bathroom normally anymore, and when i did, i was
punished.

Punishment became a major issue in my life, it seemed like anything i did could
result in punishment.  If Jenny or Stacy thought i was not trying hard at
practice, they would spank me or tell Miss Kelly, who would do much worse.  Miss
Kelly required me to report about my day to her every afternoon, usually after
dinner, at first i tried to skip over stuff i thought would make her mad, but
she always seemed to know and the punishment would be doubled.  If she thought i
had intentionally lied, the punishments would be extremely severe.  One night i
did something that really upset her, and she had just gotten a fiberglass cane
in the mail.  Miss Kelly tied me down on my bed, after taking the mattress off,
so i was on the bare springs.  Pillows got stuffed under my stomach to lift my
ass and she put a ball gag in my mouth, and then used the cane on my ass.  The
pain was horrible, i thrashed and howled, but it was totally muffled by the gag,
which luckily also kept me from biting my tongue.  The sound of the cane was
loud enough to get the RA to knock on the door and tell us to quiet down.  The
next morning i could barely move and i think Miss Kelly was even a little
frightened about what my ass looked like.  Luckily it was the weekend, so she
was able to keep me in the room and out of sight.  One of her online "helpers"
suggested some ointment that she used.  It was great at making my ass not hurt
and got a lot of the bruises to go away by Monday, although i still had to be
careful sitting down.

Miss Kelly's online friends were the same people i had used to chat with, and
she decided i should start again.  She assigned me an hour a night to be online
and available in a chat room.  The people who used to be my friends and chat
with me now treated me like meat and a toy, they would give me assignments and i
had to carry them out.  It became common for me to do my homework, naked, on my
knees on the floor, ass pointed to the door with the doorway partly opened. 
Sometimes I was gagged or had a spreader bar locked between my ankles.  A lot of
guys took advantage of the opportunity and would slip into the room and fuck me. 
The web cam would tape the whole thing so both Miss Kelly and my online trainers
could review my performance.  Most of the guys stayed quiet about what was going
on, probably not wanting to ruin their chance at easy sex.  Luckily our school
is pretty liberal, and since there wasn't any hint that i was unwilling, the
powers that be left things alone.  It got difficult for a while on the softball
team, and Jenny and Stacy were the only girls i was really close to outside of
team events, that was even more emphasized when the only other freshman on the
team broke her leg and ended up leaving school.  Our coach was a man, so he
wasn't around the locker room and was pretty much about clueless about anything
other than the team.  As long as i kept my level of play up, he didn't care what
else was going on in our lives.  Since we weren't the football team, we didn't
get anywhere near as much attention, from either the school or anyone else.

The online trainers also filled in the holes when Miss Kelly would go out with
her friends or out on dates.  She seldom took me along anymore, mostly because
it made the other people uncomfortable, when we did go out, it was the two of
us, or Jenny and Stacy might come along.  One trainer in particular was
interested in seeing what he could make me do.  He enjoyed sending me out, naked
except for my heels and having me troll the halls of the dorm for sex.  He was
the first to specify no condoms, and however he explained it to Miss Kelly, she
agreed eagerly and quickly made sure i had a full supply of birth control pills
and scheduled me for monthly HIV and STD tests.  That became another chance for
humiliation because i had to make the appointments, telling the receptionist
that i was just so slutty i had to get tested constantly to make sure the guys
fucking my slutty holes were safe.  Luckily, i never had a problem, not even
with some of the more common diseases that were kind of common on campus.

Miss Kelly took me out once in a while, to nights when we could get into clubs,
or to concerts.  There were also two times when She traded me for entry to a
bar.  On nights we went out, she would dress me, usually in the outfits she had
gotten in the mail.  There were all kind of things, but they were similar in
being very revealing and humiliating to wear out in public.  Her favorite was a
schoolgirl outfit, a plaid skirt that was pleated and barely covered my ass, She
had me wear it with white thigh hi stockings and a white halter-top.  She also
would have me wear my hair in pigtails, just to complete the look.  Both times
we went to the bar, that was what she chose for me.  The first time, it was just
the two of us and She explained what i was going to do, threatening me with
another caning if i failed to get us in.  Following orders, i pranced up to the
doormen, swinging my hips to make my skirt move and pressed myself against the
one who looked like he was in charge, running my hand over his crotch and
leaning to whisper in his ear and tell him that i would do ANYTHING to get us
in.  He smiled down at me, and i got the impression it wasn't the first time
he'd made this deal.  He took my arm and led me inside, into an office.  He
asked what exactly i was offering and i told him he could do anything he wanted
with me.  He didn't have long, so decided just to have me give him a blowjob. 
He made me strip first, then kneel as he opened his pants.  Taking his cock in
my mouth, i licked and sucked it, bobbing my head up and down along the length
until he grabbed a hold of my pigtails and held me in place as he fucked my
mouth, slipping his cock into my throat and holding it there, with my face
pressed against his crotch.  Cutting off my air he began cumming, pumping his
cum directly into my throat and making sure i had no chance to spit it out, not
that i would have.  Then he pulled back and let me lick it clean before
buttoning his pants up and telling me to get dressed.  Pulling my clothes back
on and following him out, i pointed out Miss Kelly and he waved her in.  She
smiled and patted my ass as She stood next to me.  She guided me in the bar,
telling me i was a good little whore.  At first i was shocked, but then realized
that was a pretty good description and since the tone of her voice was pleased,
the words didn't bother me as much as making her happy had made me feel better.

In the club, Miss Kelly sat at a table and sent me out to dance on the dance
floor.  As she ordered, any guys that came up to me were free to dance with me
and touch me any way they chose, so i had hands all over my body, pulling my
skirt up and reaching under my top, guys were pressing their crotches against my
pussy and ass and i could feel their hard cocks through their pants.  My pussy
started to get wet too, both from the friction and from the feelings that were
flowing through me from getting displayed and used in the most public way yet. 
A lot of the guys asked me if i wanted to go home with them, or at least for my
number, but Miss Kelly had told me not to give them my real name or tell them
anything about me, so i turned all their offers down.  At the end of the night,
there were still a few guys left waiting, but Miss Kelly rushed me out and into
her car. As she drove back to campus, she had me tell her in detail how i felt
being displayed and passed around.  Taking my shirt off and sitting on it, i
played with my cunt while describing both the humiliation and thrill of being
fondled and displayed in a public place.  By the time we pulled into the dorm
parking lot, i was moaning and bucking in my seat.  Miss Kelly parked and
dragged me out of the car, leaving my shirt behind and dragging me into the
dorm.  She didn't let me get my balance, dragging me all the way into our room
and throwing me on my bed.  She cuffed my wrists and ankles to the bedposts and
unwrapped my skirt, leaving me naked except for my stockings and heels.  She
shoved a couple of pillows under me, then stood back watching me push against
them trying to cum.  After a few minutes, She said i was turning her on, but
rather than letting me lick her pussy or using her dildo on me, she left.  She
shut the lights off and locked the door, leaving me alone in the dark, moaning
with my need to cum.  There wasn't anything i could do to let myself cum,
although i tugged at the cuffs for quite a while.  The lights woke me up and i
realized i'd dozed off, Miss Kelly was standing next to me, naked.  My eyes
locked on her pussy and i could feel myself getting wet again, just looking at
it.  She patted me on the head and told me the next time i saw Her boyfriend he
would thank me for the sex she just gave him.  She said she didn't want me to
feel left out, so she'd brought me a present.  She stuffed a condom full of cum
into my mouth and told me to enjoy it, then She turned the lights off and laid
down in her bed, ignoring my whimpers as she turned over and went to sleep.

The second trip to the bar was basically the same, i was dressed the same, but
Jenny and Stacy came too.  The doorman remembered me, and since it wasn't as
busy that night, he took the time to fuck me in the office.  Because i also had
two more friends with me, he also had me blow another security guy.  Inside the
club, Jenny, Stacy, and Miss Kelly danced with guys, and i got passed around
like before.  This time though, Miss Kelly had told me that i was to give at
least three guys blowjobs during the night.  In the end, there were seven guys i
got the chance to blow, because a couple of guys i chose had friends along and i
didn't want to be rude and make Miss Kelly mad.  Mostly i went out to the
parking lot with them, but two guys slipped into a booth and i sat between them
and the wall and did it.  At the end of the night, i told Miss Kelly how many
guys i had done and She told me i was an even better slut than She thought and
She'd have to keep a close eye on me to make sure i didn't slip away to fuck
random guys.  They all took me back to the car, and Jenny and Stacy got in the
back seat.  Miss Kelly had me stand outside the car and strip down to my
stockings and heels before getting in and on the floor in front of Jenny and
Stacy.  Miss Kelly drove around the city while i alternated licking their
pussys.  When we got back to campus, Miss Kelly dropped us off by Jenny and
Stacy's room and told me to go with them.  They led me inside, naked except for
my stockings and took me in their room for the night.  They were nicer than Miss
Kelly, letting me rub my cunt until i came three times and then tying me to the
foot of Jenny's bed after i had licked them a couple more times each.  In the
morning, they lent me a towel to wear back to my room, but Miss Kelly called it
stealing and made me take it back, so i had to sneak through the bushes back to
our room, luckily it was pretty early and i didn't get seen.




Kelly's Slave

Part 6

Spring Break

Miss Kelly took advantage of all the stuff she'd been getting in the mail. 
Anytime i was in the room, i was naked, but now i also wore the bondage gear she
had gotten, wrist and ankle cuffs were almost always locked on my body, and a
leather collar surrounded by a metal band with a ring in front was frequently
around my neck.  There were also times i wore one of the hoods Miss Kelly had
gotten.  Her favorite had built in earplugs and no eyeholes, so i was reduced to
a mouth, which was frequently held open with a ring gag.  Miss Kelly loved to
dress me that way, adding my heels and a wide posture collar.  She liked  using
the hood to obliterate anything that would make it easy to tell who i was.  I
would be put in the room, hooded and collared, usually gagged.  Miss Kelly would
go out with her friends, leaving the door partially open, or a sign on the door
to let everyone know I was available. Usually, i was trained in giving blowjobs,
having my ring-gagged mouth fucked until the guy came, shooting his load down my
throat.  Much less often, Miss Kelly would chain my wrist cuffs back through my
legs to my ankle cuffs, forcing my head down and leaving my ass up.  Guys would
come in and fuck whichever hole they liked, using a condom or not, whatever they
chose, some nights i would have to keep track and tell Miss Kelly how many times
i had been fucked, If i was wrong, i would be punished.

One of Miss Kelly's online helpers had suggested this sort of training, although
the variations, such as hiding my face were Miss Kelly's ideas to help reinforce
the idea that i was only an object, holes to get used, not a person.  Miss
Kelly's online friends continued to assist in my training, having me search out
new people to fuck, including couples.  One Master in particular enjoyed
assigning me to find couples and bring them back to the room, give them the
chance to try out the bondage gear on me or on each other.  Often, it ended up
that the girl would get tied down on the bed while i knelt between her legs,
licking and sucking her pussy while her boyfriend used my ass.  More than one
couple began asking to borrow toys and i'd get stopped on campus so that people
could ask me about things.  Miss Kelly could tell that i enjoyed being asked, so
she put a stop to it, since i was only a slave and shouldn't be telling real
people what to do.  Instead, she added a message board to the website, that
could be accessed separately from the main site, so that people could post
questions there and get them answered by Miss Kelly and her friends.

The first week in March, Miss Kelly, told me that we would be going on spring
break, so that i should make sure and let my parents know i would be out of
touch.  There hadn't been much contact anyway, i called them a couple of times,
usually while holding a large enema, and they had gotten email recently so we
wrote once in a while.  They were happy that i was getting along with my
roommate and enjoying school and when i told them they were glad to hear i was
getting away.  Miss Kelly didn't tell me where we were going, but we were
leaving on the Friday break started, a couple of hours after i finished with
softball practice.  After practice, i showered and went back to the room, Jenny
and Stacy were on the traveling squad and would be going to a tournament, so i
thought it would be just Miss Kelly and i on the trip.  Back at our room, i
found a box on my bed, and Miss Kelly was gone.  There was a note on the box,
telling me to get dressed in the boxes contents and go to a specific room in
another dorm.  Inside the box was a dress i hadn't seen before, it was very
lightweight, white cotton, with thin shoulder straps.  When i put it on, it
barely covered my ass.  There weren't any panties in the box, but another note
told me to wear my white high heels.  Sliding them on, i headed to the other
dorm.  The room wasn't familiar, but i knocked on the door.  It opened and there
was a huge black guy standing there, he looked me up and down, then stood aside
and told me to come in.  Slipping past him, i saw there were four other guys in
the room, all black, all huge.  So was Miss Kelly, sitting in one of the desk
chairs.  She ordered me to take the dress off and kneel.  Falling to my knees in
front of her, i pulled the dress off over my head.  She patted my head and told
me to look around the room, she explained that these were going to be my spring
break traveling companions, and that i was to obey them as i would her.  Without
saying anything else, she got up, handed an envelope to one of the guys and
left.

The guys gathered around, groping and fondling me, until one of them said they
didn't have long to get to the airport.  One of the guys told me to get dressed,
and i pulled the dress back on.  They all picked up bags and filed out of the
room, they clustered around me as we walked out to the parking lot and got into
a couple of SUV's. Three of the guys got in with me, one driving, and the other
two in the back seat.  The guys in the back seat pushed me to the floor in front
of them and pulled me dress off over my head.  One unzipped his pants and pulled
my mouth down over his cock.  Immediately, i started licking and sucking, he
grabbed a hold of my head and fucked into my mouth, jerking my head back and
forth.  Before he could cum, the other guy grabbed me and dragged me over to
suck on his cock.  While we drove, they switched me back and forth, each keeping
his cock hard and fucking my throat, but not for long enough to cum.  Just as we
pulled into the long term parking lot at the airport, the first guy buried his
cock in my throat and pumped his cum into my stomach.  Following my training, i
swallowed it all, finishing just in time to have the second guy's cock thrust
deep into my throat.  He held it there, cutting off my air until he also came. 
After i had cleaned their cocks, they zipped up their pants and got out,
grabbing the bags while i pulled my dress back on.  They surrounded me as we
walked into the airport and up to the ticket counter.  One of the guys pulled my
ID out of his pocket and showed it to the ticket agent.  After we were checked
in, they guided me through the metal detector and to the gate.  Our flight was
going to Florida, but didn't leave for an hour.  Four of the guys, including the
two i had given blow jobs to, went into the bar near the gate to have a drink. 
The fifth guy grabbed my arm and dragged me into a men's room.  He pushed me
into one of the stalls and pulled my dress off over my head.  He told me to get
on my knees and stood with his back against the stall door.  He unzipped his
pants and let me suck his cock.  He stood absolutely still while i worked,
sucking and licking, running my tongue along his cock.  When i tried to use my
hands to help me, he slapped them away, telling me i was only supposed to use my
mouth.  Nodding, i continued to lick and suck, sliding my head farther along his
cock until it was completely buried in my throat.  He moaned slightly and his
cock jerk as he shot his cum into my mouth.  As i swallowed, he picked up my
dress.  The only thing he said was "stay" then he left, leaving me naked,
kneeling in the stall.  It seemed like forever, but another one of the guys came
in and did the same thing, using my mouth to cum without even speaking to me. 
He left and soon the last guy came in, carrying my dress.  Again, he opened his
pants and stood against the stall door, letting me do all the work to make him
cum.  He finished just as boarding for our flight was announced.  He handed me
my dress and told me to follow him.  Still pulling my dress into place to cover
my bare cunt and ass, i followed him up the jet way onto the airplane.  My seat
was in the center of a row, between two of the guys.  During the flight they
were constantly playing with my tits and pussy.  They ordered me to keep my
hands on the armrests and stay quiet.  The guy on my left made a point of
pulling my dress up as the flight attendant came by to ask about drinks, making
sure she saw my bare cunt.  The surprise was obvious on her face, but she didn't
say anything, just took the orders and left.  When she brought our drinks back,
the guy shoved two of his fingers deep into my cunt, making me jerk and gasp. 
He told the waitress that on second thought, I didn't need a drink, I already
had one.  Then he pulled his fingers out, covered with my pussy juice, and
stuffed them in my mouth, moving them around and making me suck them.  Again,
the attendant's eyes went wide, but she didn't say or do anything, just left the
drinks and continued on her way.  The guys went back to playing with me, forcing
me to fight the urge to moan as they took turns rubbing my nipples and clit.

About halfway through the flight, one of the guys who wasn't sitting next to me
came over and told me to meet him in the restroom.  He left and the guy on the
aisle stood up to let me out.  My legs were weak when i tried to stand up, but i
made it to the restrooms and found the one the guy was waiting in.  Once we were
inside and he closed the door, he had me pull my dress off.  There was barely
room for both of us in there, but he managed to bend me over the sink and
quickly forced his cock up my unlubed ass.  Biting my tongue was the only thing
that kept me from screaming at the burning pain as he sawed in and out of my
ass, grabbing my hips and pushing and pulling my body.  Watching in the mirror,
i focused on the way his huge black arms flexed as he shoved my hips back and
forth.  Watching his body and face took some of my mind off the pain, and i felt
some pleasure, both combined with the pain in my ass and from realizing that i
was pleasing him and through him, my Mistress.  Grunting, he pulled me hard back
against him and i felt his cock jerk as he pumped cum up my ass.  He held me
until his cock softened, then made me lick him clean, i could taste my ass and
his cum, but it wasn't too bad because of my regular enemas.  After he was
clean, he pulled his pants up, told me to clean up and slipped out of the
bathroom.  Alone, i sat on the toilet, feeling the cum dripping out of my ass
while i looked at myself in the mirror and wondered how i had gone from Indiana
girl to slave slut getting assfucked in the bathroom of an airplane.  Still
naked, my hand moved down to my pussy almost involuntarily as i thought about
all the things i had done and had done to me.  Rubbing slowly up and down on my
clit, i realized that i was violating one of Mistress rules and stopped.  After
i finished cleaning myself up, i put my dress back on and headed back to my
seat.  The guy on the aisle didn't move, forcing me to crawl over him, since he
filled the whole row up and i was sure most of the plane got a good look at my
bare ass before i got back to my seat.  The rest of the flight, i was allowed to
rest, although the guys did occasionally fondle me or move my dress.  The plane
landed without a problem, and two of the guys who hadn't been sitting with me
took my arms and guided me out into the airport.  We went to baggage claim and
got all the luggage, they made me carry four of the bags, one over each shoulder
and one in each hand. They were so heavy i could barely move and it made
balancing in my heels almost impossible, a skycap offered to help, but the guys
waved him away.  They led me out to the curb, where the other three guys were
waiting with a van from a hotel.  We all got in and the driver started out of
the airport.  Almost immediately, the guys pulled my dress off, which almost
made the driver crash as he stared at me in the rear view mirror.  Again, they
played with me during the drive, sticking fingers in my mouth and into my pussy,
rubbing and twisting my nipples.  Soon, i was moaning almost constantly, pushing
back against their hands and fingers and the driver spent more time watching me
than the road.  As the van pulled into the hotel parking lot, my dress was given
back, i pulled it on, by now it was stretched out and wrinkled from being taken
on and off and crumpled up so many times.  Combined with my flushed face and
near panting, i looked like a total slut.  The van pulled up in front of the
hotel lobby and one of the guys slapped the driver on the back and told him to
stop by the room later if he'd like to see another show, or even participate. 
Bellhops loaded the bags onto a carriage and followed as the guy who seemed to
be pretty much in charge went to the desk and checked in, then we all went to
the elevators and up to our rooms.  There were two rooms, with a connecting
door.  When the bellboys brought the bags in, one of the guys told them he could
either tip them a few dollars each, or they could have a blowjob, from me.  He
snapped his fingers and another one of the guys pulled my dress off, leaving me
naked again.  The bellhops quickly agreed they'd rather have the blowjobs, but
had to get back to work.  They all agreed on a time when the bellboys could come
back and collect their "tip" after they finished work.

Once the bellboys left, the guys all agreed they were tired after the flight and
should rest up before going out, so they started to pick out beds, two guys in
one room, three in the other, one guy got stuck with a fold out couch.  Before
taking their naps, they decided to make sure i wouldn't wander off.  One of them
opened a bag, pulling out a set of my wrist and ankle cuffs and throwing them to
me, telling me to put them on.  After i had them on, he pulled out a hood, one
with no eyeholes and pulled it over my head, locking the attached collar around
my throat.  Then they cuffed my wrists behind my back and my ankles together. 
They put me on my belly and pulled my legs up, attaching my ankles to my wrists,
hogtying me.  Then they forced a ring gag into my mouth and fastened it around
my head.  After that, i heard them moving around for a few minutes and then
started to hear snoring.  Eventually, i must have also fallen asleep, because i
woke up as my body was lifted off the floor and set on something hard, either
the table or dresser i assumed.  No one said anything, but a cock was pushed
into my mouth through the ring gag and me head was held still as whoever it was
fucked in and out until he came, forcing me to swallow another load of cum.  
Another cock quickly followed, again fucking my mouth until it came down my
throat. 

The gag and hood were pulled off just in time for me to see the two bellboys
leaving.  The guys told me that i had laid around long enough and it was time to
go have some fun.  They undid the cuffs, but left them on me and let me stand up
and stretch out.  Then i was given the same dress i  had been wearing all day, i
was beginning to wonder if they'd brought me anything else.  The guys were all
dressed to go out, and i had to admit they all looked great, all dark skinned,
with big muscles rippling under their shirts.  Without thinking about it, i
found myself pressing my body against theirs in the elevator, feeling the hard
muscles and enjoying the knowledge i was totally under their control, both
physically and mentally, and didn't have to worry about anything the whole week. 
The club we were going to wasn't far away, so we walked, me in the middle of the
group, feeling their hands roaming over my body.  At the club, they all got
wristbands that allowed them alcohol and we went inside.  The club was busy but
not packed, since a lot of people who would be coming for vacation hadn't gotten
there yet.  The night was a lot of fun, i danced with all the guys, and with a
lot of strangers too.  Showing off was easy with the way i was dressed, and the
guys took plenty of chances to pull my dress up and show my pussy and ass off to
the crowd.  AS the night went on, the guys started to hook up with other girls,
and i spent more time dancing with strangers.  About an hour before the club was
going to close,  one of the guys came up and started dancing with me.  While we
danced, he leaned over and told me they were all taking girls back to the room
with them, so i needed to find someone else to stay with tonight.  That kind of
took the fun out of the evening, as i had been fantasizing about being used by
the group, but i also knew i had an order and started looking for someone to
take me home with them.  Soon, i found a guy, who was drunk enough to be eager
to leave with me, as i had been told i did take the precaution of finding out
that where he was staying and in what room, so i could tell the guys.  Luckily,
he was in the same hotel we were at, and the people he was here with wouldn't
arrive until the next day.  The only other concern i had is how he would react
to the cuffs, once we got out of the club and he could see them clearly.  It
turned out he was so drunk, i had to help him back to the hotel and he never
noticed.  Once we were in his room, we undressed and fooled around a little,
then i slipped down and took his cock in my mouth.   He groaned as i sucked and
came in less than a minute, then rolled over and passed out.  Disappointed about
losing the night i had been anticipating, i looked at the empty extra bed and
considered just sleeping on the bed next to him.  After a couple of minutes, i
knew where i belonged and slid down onto the floor, curling up between the two
beds, still naked and fell asleep dreaming of the five guys taking turns with my
body while Miss Kelly watched.  In the morning, i woke up and saw that he was
stilled passed out, naked, and drooling all over himself.  Since i hadn't been
ordered to do anything else, i pulled my dress back on and slipped out of the
room before he woke up.  Not sure what to do next, i returned to the guys rooms,
but no one answered when i knocked.  Since i didn't have any directions, i just
sat on the floor in the hallway, knowing that my dress and hair were a mess, and
waited.  A few people passed by and gave me funny looks, but no one spoke to me
before the guys all came up the hallway in a group.  They had been down at
breakfast and made a point to tell me how good it had been, which only reminded
me i hadn't eaten anything but cum since lunch the day before. They opened the
doors to the rooms and ordered me inside and took my dress. The rooms were a
disaster, there were clothes tossed all over the place and none of the beds were
made.  The guys told me that the maids weren't doing normal service since it was
spring break and to get the room s cleaned up.  They all changed into bathing
suits and said they were going down to the pool and that i should meet them down
there when the room was finished and i had taken a shower.  Before they left,
one of the guys pulled one of my tiny thong bikinis out of a bag and tossed it
on the table, telling me to wear it and my heels when i came down.  They left
and i started cleaning, putting the clothes away and making the beds, then
straightening up the bathrooms.  Then i started a shower, washing and using one
of the guy's razors to shave my legs and cunt, and also taking the chance to
piss the way Miss Kelly had trained me.  When i had finished i tied the bikini
bottoms around my waist, being careful that the tiny bottoms covered my bare
slit and then pulled on the top, which barely concealed my nipples and left the
rest of me bare.  Since i hadn't been told otherwise, i left the ankle and wrist
cuffs on and headed down to the hotel pool, already feeling my pussy getting
wet.




Kelly's Slave Chapter 7 - Spring Break Part 2

As i walked out to the pool, pretty much everyone i passed stared at me.  At the
pool, i saw the guys, all laying on lounge chairs together, drinking and talking
to girls.  The pool area was full of college kids, most of the guys were in swim
trunks or surf shorts, the girls were all wearing bikinis.  There were a couple
of other girls in thongs, but none were wearing anything as revealing as what
i'd  been dressed in.  A couple of guys tried to stop me and hit on me, but i
passed them as quickly as possible and went over to the group.  One of the guys
looked up as i approached, waving me over.  Standing in front of him as he
looked me over, i felt like livestock being appraised.  After a couple of
minutes, he pointed to a folded towel next to his chair and told me to kneel. 
Falling to my knees beside him, i naturally let my knees drift wide apart and
rested my hands on my thighs, watching the pool.  From then on, i was mostly
ignored.  Occasionally, one of the group would call me over to rub suntan oil on
for them, then send me back to kneel on the towel.  The way my body was
positioned made me totally visible from most of the pool and i  saw a lot of the
people around the pool openly staring, the males with lust and the girls with
disgust.  A lot of girls also would come over to chat with the guys, totally
ignoring me.  Even though there were waitresses around the pool, i would get
sent to the bar to get drinks once in a while, which gave everyone around a
chance to get a good look at me and more than a few guys took the opportunity to
grab or fondle me.  After about an hour, the guys had me lay on one of the
lounge chair and they all rubbed lotion all over my body to keep me from
burning.  It felt wonderful, feeling their hands all over my body, and i pushed
myself against them, especially when one would drift over my tits or cunt.  They
stopped just short of letting me cum, Moaning with frustration and blushing with
shame at the display i'd made of myself, i knelt again and watched as the guys
flirted with girls and people around the pool hooked up.  Since i was basically
in the middle of the group, none of the other guys at the pool said anything to
me or came over. 

We spent most of the day by the pool, the guys left alone or in pairs and had
lunch, then came back out.  They didn't get me anything to eat, and only let me
drink a little water once in a while.  My knees started to ache, but i knew
better than to say anything, i just stayed in place and paid attention to the
guys, waiting for any new orders they might decide to give me.  Finally, one of
them called me over and told me to go back to the room.  As soon as i was back
in the hotel and out of sight of the group, a pack of random guys surrounded me
and started hitting on me.  Normally, i wasn't allowed to refuse anyone who
wanted to use my body, but i had been ordered back to the room, so i brushed
past them as quickly as possible and got into the elevator.  One guy managed to
make it into the elevator with me and pressed me into the corner.  His hands
were all over my body as we went up, and i pressed myself against them, opening
my legs and tilting my head back to give him total access.  He didn't even stop
when other people got on the elevator and had pulled my top out of the way,
leaving my tits naked for most of the trip.  When the elevator got to my floor,
i pulled myself away and slipped out as the doors closed, leaving him behind. 
Fixing my top, i went to the room.  Since i didn't have a key, i couldn't get
in, so i sat in the hallway and waited for someone to come open the door.  A
steady stream of boys and girls went up and down the hallway, partying.  Mostly
they ignored me, although a few guys did invite me to their rooms.  Following
orders, i turned them down and waited for the group to come back.  Without a
watch, i didn't have a good way to judge time, but eventually i heard them
coming up the hall, laughing and joking.  Seeing me in the hallway, they made a
comment about how i must have forgotten my key, and asked in a sarcastic tone if
i'd like to join them.  They opened the door, and i started to stand up to go
inside.  One of the guys told me not to bother, to just crawl in.  A few people
in the hallway heard him and looked over as i dropped back to all fours and
crawled inside.  The guys followed me, closing the door behind them.  It was
barely closed before they pulled my bikini off, leaving me naked again, except
for my heels and cuffs.  They took the cuffs off too, replacing the leather with
heavy rubber cuffs around each of my limbs.

AS the group of huge guys surrounded me, i actually found myself excited at the
prospect of being used by all of them at once.  Knowing i was completely under
their control and always having the thought of pleasing Miss Kelly in my mind, i
still was aching to feel their hands on me and being used as their fucktoy. 
Instead, i was grabbed by the hair and dragged to the shower.  The guy holding
my hair stopped there, basically letting my hang by my hair, he told me to take
my shoes off.  Moaning from the pain in my scalp, i struggled to reach my shoes
and undo the straps around my ankles.  It took a couple of minutes, but i
finally got them off.

Then he tossed me into the shower and turned the water on me, it was freezing. 
Shivering almost immediately, i tried to curl into a ball, but he told me to
kneel and tell him when the water was comfortable.  Rolling onto my hands and
knees, i shivered until the water suddenly got hot, making me pull away from the
burn as it struck my back.  He kept fiddling with the shower controls until the
water finally reached a comfortable temperature.

After i told him that it was ok, he undressed and got in the shower too.  He
told me to wash him, but when i reached for the washcloth, he slapped my hand
away.  Instead, he told me that i was going to wash him using my body.  He
ordered me to soap up my tits and then rub myself against him, then i was to
lick him clean.  Picking up the soap, i rubbed it over my chest and stomach,
until i had a nice lather, then stood and started to rub my body against his. 
His hard body rippled as i rubbed against it, soaping him up, first his chest
and front, then his back.   Despite my best efforts to excite him and my own
rising excitement, his cock didn't even stir as a made a point to rub my tits
all over it and even between it.  When he was well soaped up, he told me to
start licking, beginning at his feet.  Running my tongue over his large feet, i
tasted the soap, working my way up first one leg and then  the other, lapping to
clean them.  When i reached the front of his thighs, he pushed my head around
and guided me behind him, making me first clean the back of his legs and then
his ass.  He was nice enough to reach back and spread his ass so that i could
lick between the cheeks.  Luckily, he was clean there, although i could smell
his ass and taste the sweat as i licked.  Standing up, i licked his back and
shoulders, then he turned around and let me do his chest and stomach, as i began
to kneel again, planning to take his cock in my mouth, he grabbed my wet hair
and pulled my face up, pushing it into his armpit.  After i had licked it well,
he pulled me over to the other one, having my wash it with my tongue also.  Then
he allowed me to kneel and finally take his cock in my mouth.  Like all of the
guys, his cock was very large and i moaned as it grew in my mouth, working my
mouth up and down over its length.  Using my tongue to wash his cock, running it
up and down the underside as my head bobbed back and forth on his long shaft. 
After a few minutes, he grabbed my head and forced his cock deep into my mouth,
holding it there, my face pressed against him as his cock jerked and spewed cum
down my throat.

When he was finished cumming, i licked his cock clean and knelt back.  He
climbed out of the shower and told me to stay, the water beating down on my face
and chest.  He walked out of the bathroom, and a couple of minutes later, one of
the other guys came in.  He climbed in the shower with me, and the whole cycle
of soaping him up, licking him clean, and then sucking his cock was repeated. 
After him, the other guys followed, until i had cleaned them all.  The last one,
after he had dried himself off, shut the shower off and dragged me out of the
shower and back into the bedroom.  The rest of the guys had gotten dressed and
were talking about where they were going to eat.  Even though i'd just had
swallowed five large loads of cum, my stomach rumbled at the thought of food. 
The guys agreed on an Italian restaurant as the last one got dressed and i
knelt, knees spread and hands behind my head, waiting for orders.  When they
were ready to go, one of the guys asked what they should do about me.  Two of
them walked over and pushed me onto my stomach, then pulled my arms back and
locked the cuffs on my wrists to the opposite ankle cuffs, basically hog-tying
me.  Then one of them picked me up and carried me to the closed, putting me
inside on the floor and closing the door.  On my belly in the dark, i could hear
them talking and then the door opened.  For a moment, i hope they had changed
their minds, but one of them dragged my partially out of the closed on my belly,
making it burn from the rug.  He tugged the eyeless hood over my head and
fastened it on, then pushed me back into the closet.  In total darkness, i heard
the door of the room open and close, then there was silence.  My arms and legs
had gotten used to being bound but the position i was in was uncomfortable. 
Squirming on the floor just made it worse, as the rug rubbed against my tits and
stomach.  Alone in the darkness i was also very aware of how wet my cunt was, i
could feel the air running over it even in the still closet.  A few times, i
tried to rub my pussy against the floor to try and cum, but the way i was tied
and laying on the floor kept me from getting in a position that would let me
cum.

Time didn't seem to pass at all, giving me plenty of time to think about my
situation.  Running back over all the things that had happened to me since the
semester began, i realized that the only thing i was disappointed about was the
fact that it hadn't happened sooner.  That realization washed over me, making me
realize that everything that had happened to me had basically been a result of
my own desire and that finding myself tied on the floor in the closet of a hotel
room belonging to five black men who's names i didn't even know even seemed
right.  My only current problem was that i hadn't been fucked in days or allowed
to cum since before i left school.  The rumbling in my stomach was also
distracting, but soon, totally cut off from sight and most sound, my mind began
to wander, fantasizing about things that i had thought of before my enslavement. 
They had all been just fantasies then, but now seemed more and more possible all
the time.  Eventually, i must have dozed off, because i woke up to voices
outside the closet, i couldn't hear what they were saying, but i could tell that
some of the voices were female and after a few minutes, i could hear the
unmistakable sounds of people having sex, especially the moans and orgasmic
cries of women.  Lying there listening just reminded me of how neglected my own
body had been for the past couple of days and i wished i was the one moaning. 
There was nothing to do but lay still and listen until finally things quieted
down and i couldn't hear anything.  Again i dozed off, only to wake up to
someone jerking my head by the ring on the top of my hood.  It was one of the
guys and he was whispering in my ear, asking if i needed to pee.  Unable to see,
i nodded.  Arms wrapped around my body and i was lifted into the air and
carried.  He dropped me suddenly, and from the cold against my body i knew i was
in the tub in the bathroom.  He told me to go ahead and piss.  Relaxing my
bladder, i felt the warm piss streaming out of my body and then flowing around
my body and down the drain, i could smell the strong odor of my piss, but
whoever it was helping me didn't rinse me off or let me clean myself, instead i
was lifted and carried back, then set down on the rug again.  The closet door
closed and it was quiet, but now i smelled the piss on my body until i managed
to fall asleep again.

The next thing i felt was being pulled out of the closet, and the hood being
removed.  Three of the guys were standing around me, all wearing shorts and
nothing else.  They asked if i had a good nights sleep, i nodded yes in
response.  One said they had been talking and realized they had forgotten to
feed me, and asked if i was hungry.  Stomach rumbling, i nodded yes.  He told me
to follow him into the bathroom and he'd feed me.  Expecting the chance to suck
his cock again, and eager to do so, i wormed behind him, arms and legs still
bound.  In the bathroom, he picked up a small bowl from the counter and filled
it with water from the tap, then poured a packet of instant oatmeal into it and
mixed it up with a spoon.  Not bothering to heat it in anyway, he set it on the
floor and told me to eat up.  Worming forward, i slurped at the watery oatmeal. 
Even cold, after having almost nothing to eat for two days, it tasted good and i
quickly slurped it all down, except what stuck to my face, with my hands tied i
couldn't wipe away what i couldn't lick off with my tongue.  The guys told me to
get back into the bedroom, and i wormed my way out.  In the room i saw that
there was a girl laying on one of the beds, she was either asleep or passed out,
laying on her back, nude, legs spread. 

One of the guys picked me up and dropped me on the bed between the girl's legs,
but she barely moved.  He ordered me to start licking.  Squirming my way to her
pussy, i started lapping at it, using my shoulders to push her legs wider,
pushing my tongue inside.  She didn't wake up, but her body started to move a
little, and a low whimper escaped.  Sealing my mouth over her pussy, i sucker
her clit into my mouth, lashing it with my tongue. Out of the corner of my eye,
i saw one of the guys had a video camera and was taping me. Imagining it was
Miss Kelly on the bed, i worked my tongue all over her pussy, feeling it spasm
as she came without waking up.  Immediately i was lifted off the bed and carried
back into the bathroom,

In the bathroom, my wrist cuffs were undone and i was put in the shower, one of
the guys joined me.  It was a repeat of the day before, with me using my body
and tongue to clean his body and then the other four.  Today i was at least
given the chance to wash myself and clean my hair after i had cleaned the fifth
guy.  Then i dropped to the floor and crawled back into the bedroom.  The girl
that had been on the bed was gone and all five guys were lounging, watching TV. 
They told me to clean up and they would be back after breakfast.  They left and
i started straightening up, putting clothes away and making the beds and
throwing away all the trash.

When i finished cleaning, i knelt in the middle of the room and waited.  It
wasn't long before they came back, laughing and joking.  They all put on their
shorts and tossed me my bikini, telling me to get dressed.  Tying it on quickly
and slipping into my heels, i followed them out of the room.  We went downstairs
in the elevator, and they took the opportunity to play with my body until we got
to the lobby.  They quickly hurried me out of the hotel onto the street, i
shrank back, trying to hide among them, very aware of how close to naked i was. 
They let me conceal myself while we walked, letting me press my body up against
them while i tried to hide.

Our hotel was only a few blocks from the beach, so we were there quickly.  The
guys had towels that they spread on the sand.  They all sat back and started
watching the people passing by.  One of them handed me a ten-dollar bill and
told me to go get them some drinks at a stand nearby.  Feeling the eyes on me as
i walked over, i ordered the drinks, they were two dollars each, so i only had
enough to get them for the guys.  The stand attendant gave me a tray to carry
the drinks back, As i turned, the next guy in line took the chance to grab my
ass, which almost made me spill all the drinks, but i recovered, smiled at him
and went back to the guys.  They took their drinks and told me to kneel. 
Slipping into the sand, i spread my legs wide and rested my hands on my thighs,
i could see people staring as they walked by and could feel the sweat starting
to run down my body from the heat.

They let me kneel there for about twenty minutes, once in a while, one would let
me take a sip from his drink, but otherwise they ignored me.  Eventually, one of
them told me that i was getting in the way of picking up other girls and told me
to take a walk, but to be back in an hour.  Not sure what to do, i wandered down
the beach, Lots of guys yelled things at me, and groups sitting on the beach
kept calling my over, at first i just kept walking, but i was getting thirsty
and hot.  A guy yelled out and asked if i wanted a drink, so i went over to his
group of friends.  There were about 10 guys and a few girls sitting around on
chairs and blankets, they had a big cooler full of drinks.  When i walked over,
everyone looked at me and made me feel like i was more than naked.  A few of the
girls gave me dirty looks and made nasty comments under their breath, especially
since every one of the guys was paying attention to me.  They gave me a bottle
of water and i chatted with them.  Without thinking about it, i knelt on the
sand like i had been trained, which almost made my bikini bottom slip into my
pussy since i was wet with sweat.  Most of the guys were hitting on me, inviting
me to go to a club that night, i did my best to be polite and turn them down
without hurting their feelings.  When i finished the water, i decided it was
time to head back to the guys, so i thanked them for the drink and got up to
leave.  One of the group came over and pushed a piece of paper into my hand, he
told me it was their hotel and room number and to stop by anytime.  I nodded and
headed back to the guys.  They were still on the towels, but now they were
talking to a group of four girls in bikinis. 

I didn't want to interrupt, so i stood back and waited.  After a few minutes,
the girls waved and walked off.  The guys gathered up the towels and waved me
over, when i got to them they piled all the sandy towels in my arms and started
walking back to the hotel, with me hurrying to keep up behind them.  We got to
the hotel and got into an elevator, while we were going up, the guys untied my
bikini and pulled it off, leaving me naked.  They told me to use the towels to
cover myself if i needed to.  At first i did try to hold the towels to cover
myself, but then  i remembered who i was and moved the towels out of the way,
leaving my pussy bare to anyone who wanted to watch as we walked down the hall.

A few people walked past, and at least one definitely noticed, but we didn't
stop and he didn't say anything as we walked past.  At the doorway to the first
room, the guys took all the towels and went into the room, telling me to go to
the other door.  Naked, i walked over to the second door and tried to open it,
but it was locked.  Not knowing what to do, i knocked, but they didn't answer,
so i sat on the floor beside the door and waited.  People walked by, and a few
stared at me, but no one said anything.  The sight of a naked girl in the
hallway was either too surprising or not surprising at all i guess.  Eventually,
the door opened and i was told to get inside.  Getting up seemed kind of
pointless, so i just rolled onto my hands and knees and crawled into the room. 
The guys laughed, but told me to kneel in the center of the room.  Crawling
where they pointed, i knelt, back straight, knees wide and head down, hands on
my thighs.  They let me stay there while they all showered and got ready to go
out.  When they were ready, i was told to go take a shower and get cleaned up, i
was told to do my hair and get myself ready to go out.  In the bathroom, i
showered and washed my hair, then got out and dried it.  There wasn't any makeup
or anything, so once my hair was dry and brushed out, i walked back into the
bedroom.  One of the guys handed me the dress i had worn originally, which was
wrinkled from having been balled up and pulled on and off so many times.  They
also gave me my shoes, and i was told to remove the wrist and ankle cuffs i had
been wearing.  Once i was ready, we left the room, again they took the chance to
grope and fondle me in the elevator until i was moaning and gasping for breath.

We walked along the beach to a huge nightclub with a long line at the door.  The
guys walked around the line and spoke with the doormen.  We were all waved
inside without having to wait and four of the guys headed off into the club. 
The last guy took my arm and walked me over to a table.  It was a sign up for a
wet t-shirt contest and he told me to sign myself up.  After i gave the girl at
the table my name and signed a release form i was handed a T-shirt and told that
i would hear an announcement when the contest was going to begin.  She said i
could change in the bathroom. 

He guided me into the men's bathroom, and pulled my thong out of his pocket.  He
told me to get ready, even though the contest didn't start for two hours.  Even
though there were a lot of guys standing around, i pulled my dress off over my
head and stood naked.  The guys took the chance to grab my ass and tits until
the guy with me told them to back off.  Everyone stepped back a little and
watched as i pulled the thong on and positioned it and then pulled the t-shirt
on.  The top was tight and came down to just above my navel, but was so thin my
nipples were obvious, especially since they were rock hard.  The guy with me
took my dress and bunched it up, stuffing it into his back pocket and letting it
hang out.  He told me to go ahead and have fun until the contest began.  Walking
out of the bathroom behind him, i started wandering around, hands constantly
running over my bare ass and guys grabbing me and making lewd propositions, most
of which only served to make me more excited.  Some of the guys had girls with
them and more than one took a look at me and then headed over to the sign-up
table.




Kelly's Slave Chapter 8 - Spring Break Part 3

When the call for the contest was finally made, i was on the dance floor in the
middle of a huge group of guys, dancing and enjoying the attention.  Pushing
through the crowd i made my way to the stage, there were about 30 girls
competing, and a few others were also wearing thongs and platform heels.  We
each went up on stage alone, introduced ourselves over the MC's microphone and
then he poured a pitcher of cold water over our chests and we had about a minute
to show off for the crowd.   After that, we all lined up and the MC walked along
the row, holding his hand over our heads.  We were scored based on applause, and
the top ten moved onto the next round.

Luckily, i was one of the ten, and we were told to be ready in ten minutes for
the next round.  There was a kind of holding area back stage where we waited, i
saw a lot of the girls had scissors and were altering their tops, making them
smaller.  Since i didn't have a pair of scissors and no one was being friendly,
i just waited.  The area was roped off and guys were ringing all around it,
calling out to us.  With nothing else to do, i walked over to the ropes and
flirted with the guys, letting them grab my tits and run their hands over my
body.  Knowing i was just an object to them made me feel good for some reason
and i loved the fact they didn't even bother to ask my name or anything about
me, just kept telling me to show them my tits or pussy.

When the call was made for the second round we all went up on stage together and
lined up.  As each girl was called, she stepped forward, had the water poured on
her and had her chance to show off, this time for about two minutes.  There were
three girls before me, and they all danced and shook their asses and two of the
three pulled their tops open to show their tits to the crowd.   When my turn
came, i jiggled my tits and jumped up and down and then tore the shirt open
shaking my tits for the crowd.  Strutting back and forth on the stage, i did my
best to make sure everyone got a chance to see, even walking to the front of the
stage and leaning over until the guys in the front row could almost reach up and
grab me.

When my turn ended, i stepped back in line, not bothering to cover myself up and
waited for the voting.  In the end, i came in second to a really tall blonde
girl with big fake tits, which meant i won $200.  The money was handed to me
when i got off stage, along with a new t-shirt.  Instead of putting the shirt
on, i walked through the crowd with the tatters of my top hanging on my
shoulders, tits exposed.  A bouncer walked over and told me i'd have to cover
up, at almost the same time the guys came up and surrounded me, grabbing my arms
and yanking me out of the club. 

Walking down the street with me in the middle of the group, i wasn't allowed to
put on a top as we headed back to the hotel.  Again in the elevator, they took
my thong away and left me naked.  The whole time they were all telling me that i
must be some kind of ugly pig not to have won the contest, but that didn't stop
them from taking the money i had won.

When we reached our floor and the elevator opened, i was shoved down to the
floor and told to crawl to our room, while the guys followed me, continuing to
berate me for failing.  Once i had crawled into the room, they told me that they
knew i hadn't gotten the chance to cum since we had gotten there, and they were
planning to make tonight special and let me cum as many times as i could.  Now
though, i had to be punished for failing so miserably.  They latched cuffs back
around my wrists and ankles and pulled the hood over my head.  Then I felt them
strap something around my waist and something pressing against my pussy as my
hand and legs were locked together, leaving me hog-tied.  My body was lifted and
i was carried and laid down on the rug.  After a few minutes, a vibrator
suddenly popped on, buzzing against my clit.  Moaning into the hood, i rubbed my
body against the floor, desperate to cum.  The vibrator cut off before i could
though, and no matter how hard i tried, i didn't have enough freedom to make
myself cum, staying right on the edge until i tired and lay still.  The vibrator
went off again, i didn't know how long it had been because it woke me up. 
Again, it buzzed until i almost came, then shut off.  This happened again and
again, waking me up and not letting me sleep, but also not letting me cum.

There were noises sometimes when i was awake, people moving around and talking,
but i couldn't make anything out.  Once someone picked me up, and when i was set
down, it was on something cold and smooth.  Assuming i was in the tub and this
was my chance to piss, i let it flow, feeling it run around my body.  When i
finished i was picked up again and carried back to the carpet and left again,
just as the vibrator clicked back on.  Unable to see or hear, i had no way to
judge time, just knowing that i dozed and woke as the vibrator clicked on, then
off allowing my to calm down enough to doze off.  It seemed like every time i
got to sleep, the vibrator would start waking me up.  My only thought was of
cumming, and i could hear myself begging quietly, even though there wasn't
anyone to hear.  Suddenly, i was aware of the hood being pulled off and blinked
in the bright lights.

My hands were unbound and immediately flew to my cunt, without any conscious
effort on my part.  One of the guys was standing in front of me, he slapped me
hard across the face while another guy held my arms away from my pussy. 
Blinking i realized where i was and relaxed.  A bowl of cold oatmeal was on the
floor and i was ordered to eat.  Crawling on all fours i wolfed the food down. 
As soon as i finished i was taken into the bathroom and again helped all five
guys shower, one after another, including swallowing each one's cum.  When they
were all showered,  i crawled back into the room.  They were sitting around
talking and one turned to me and told me that they had discussed it and they
were very disappointed with me for losing the contest, so i was going back in
the closet.  Terrified, i begged them not to do it, falling on the floor and
sobbing.  They ignored me, binding my arms and legs, then slipping the vibrator
back on.  Before they put the hood on, one of them leaned over and told me not
to worry, i only had two more days of vacation anyway.  Tears were streaming
down my face as the hood was put on, cutting off sight and i was lifted back
into the closet.  Just as i was set down, the vibrator started, which only made
me cry harder.

Again time stood still, only separated by the buzzing against my clit.  There
was no way for me to know how long it had been when i was pulled out of the
closet.  My arms and legs were released and the cuffs removed, and the vibrator
was taken off, leaving only the hood.  When the hood was pulled off, i saw that
only one of the guys was there.  He said the others had gone out, but he'd
decided to stay in and relax.  He handed me my bikini and told me to follow him. 
Carrying it i followed him out of the room, i was naked and he was wearing swim
trunks.  We went down to the pool area, the hotel was almost deserted, everyone
was out at the bars.  At the pool, we went to the jacuzzi, where it was just us. 
He sat in the jacuzzi and had me sit on the edge, still naked.  He told me to
finger myself, excitedly i started to stroke my wet pussy, running my finger
over the lips, beginning to moan almost immediately.  He sat back and watched,
giving me directions until i reached the verge of an orgasm, when he ordered me
to stop and put my hands behind my head.  Whimpering with my need to cum, i did,
putting my hands behind my head just as another couple came into the jacuzzi
area. 

The couple was a muscular white guy, his chest and arms covered with tattoos,
his head was shaved.  The girl was a tiny asian, wearing a bikini almost as
small as mine.  They stopped when they saw me, paused for a minute while i
fought the urge to cover myself or at least slip into the water.  They didn't
seem offended at all, but just a little surprised.  After a minute, they
continued and got into the tub.  All three of them ignored me and chatted while
i sat on the side of the jacuzzi, hands behind my head.  After a few minutes,
the guy i was with looked over and told me to start playing with myself again. 
All three of them watched while i started stroking my pussy again.  The other
couple started to make out, and watching them excited me even more, i could feel
my orgasm approaching quickly and was sure i was going to cum.  My focus was
totally on my cunt until my hands were grabbed and pulled behind me.  As my eyes
focused, i saw that the other girl was naked too, her boyfriend was sitting on
the side of the tub and she was bobbing up and down on his cock.  The guy i was
with held my hands and made me watch while the other girl worked.  Still panting
for breath, i watched the girl blow her boyfriend while the guy i was with
whispered what a slut i was in my ear.

The girl kept sucking until her guy grunted and started cumming.  She kept
sucking, swallowing all his cum.  Just watching her swallow almost was enough to
make me cum.  All i could think about was cumming, my mind felt all fuzzy and
the only thing that was important was getting to cum.  The two guys were
talking, but in my current condition, i couldn't even make out what they were
saying.  The other girl came across the jacuzzi, her tits bobbing just above the
water.  She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me into the water,
kissing me on the lips.  Moaning into her mouth, i let her tongue slide into
mine, tasting the cum on her lips as she pressed her body against mine.  She
kissed me and ran her hands over my body, letting me press myself against her. 
Under the water, i pressed my cunt against her thigh, desperately trying to cum. 
The two men watched us kiss and play for a few minutes, then i was pulled away
and ordered back to the side of the jacuzzi, hands behind my head again.  They
talked about what a slut i was and the guy i had come with described how they
had borrowed me from my mistress for the vacation, but hadn't had to resort to
fucking me because there were plenty of willing girls around for all of them. 
He said something about a party the next night and invited the couple to come.
The guy said thanks and explained that his girlfriend was a slut too, but he
mostly kept her for himself, although he did let her out once in a while.  To
demonstrate he told her to give the guy i'd come down with a blowjob.

She didn't protest, just slid across the jacuzzi as he lifted himself to the
side and slid his shorts off, she took his cock in her mouth and i moaned. 
Surprisingly, even though i desperately wanted to cum, i was more focused on the
desire to suck his cock, or lick her pussy, to do anything to serve, in the hope
that i would be allowed to cum.  Even though all three of them were distracted
by the girls performance, i kept my hands in place, feeling the wetness running
down my bare slit between my widely spread legs.  The girl's head bobbed up and
down until she was rewarded with a groan and a spurt of cum.  She lifted herself
away and came over to me, i held my place as she lifted up, rubbing her hands
over my tits as she pushed me back on the pool deck and leaned over me, her
mouth a few inches above mine.  She drooled the cum she was holding out of her
mouth, letting it flow down into mine.  Whimpering at the feeling of her hands
on my tits and her body pressing down on mine, i let the cum fill my mouth
before swallowing.  When she was finished, she lowered her mouth and began
kissing me until her boyfriend called her away.  He said goodnight and took her
hand, guiding her away from the jacuzzi while i lay back, panting for breath.

The guy i was with got out of the hot tub and stood over me, pulling his swim
suit back on.  He told me what i a slut  i was, that no respectable girl would
do half the things i had done and that he had felt bad about me not getting to
cum the whole trip, but after watching my display he didn't think i should ever
be allowed to cum again.  Involuntarily, i cried out at that thought, sure i
would completely lose my mind if i didn't get to cum soon.  The only thing that
was important to me was getting back to Miss Kelly, i knew she would take care
of me.  A kick in the side made me come back to the present as he ordered me to
fetch my bikini and follow him.  Picking it up and carrying it, still naked, i
followed him back into the hotel.  He made a point to walk through the
service/maintenance area of the hotel, running into a couple of the bellhops. 
Seeing that they were eyeing me, he asked if they'd like a blowjob.  Both of
them nodded eagerly, so he took my bikini top and used it to tie my wrists
behind my back then told them to feel free to use my mouth.  He said the only
rules were that i couldn't be fucked and that i wasn't allowed to cum.  He gave
them the room number and told them to return me when they got done.

The guys took my arm and pulled me into a utility closet.  One of them dropped a
towel on the floor, then pushed me down on my knees and pulled his cock out. 
Eagerly, i leaned forward and took it into my mouth, running my tongue up and
down the shaft as he fucked in and out of my mouth, i didn't get a chance to do
much more than provide a hole for him to fuck, He pushed his cock in hard and
fast, fucking my mouth. Unable to use my hands, i did my best to please him with
my mouth.  It was only a couple of minutes until he came, spurting cum into my
mouth, which i quickly swallowed.  He slipped out of the closet as the second
guy stepped in and started to use my mouth.  Again it was only a couple of
minutes and very little effort on my part before i was rewarded with another
load of cum.  He left me too, and i was alone in the closet.  Not having any
orders i knelt there naked, the taste of cum in my mouth, and realized i only
had two thoughts, first hoping that Miss Kelly would be happy with me when i saw
her again and secondly, and also far less important, hoping i'd be allowed to
cum soon.  There was no way to tell how long i was in the closet, i would guess
a couple of hours, but seven guys came in and used my mouth.  When their shift
ended, they decided to take me back to the room, but needed to find a way to do
it so they wouldn't get caught with a  naked, tied up hotel guest.

They rolled a big laundry bin up to the door of the closet and made me climb in,
hands still bound.  They then tossed towels and sheets on top of me to hide me
and wheeled the bin through the hotel to an elevator and up to the room. 
Outside the room, they let me out of the bin and i knelt in front of the door
while they knocked.  One of the guys opened the door, he looked down at me,
thanked the bellboys for brining me back and stood aside, ordering me to crawl
inside.  Hands still bound behind me, i crawled in on my knees.  One of the
other guys was asleep on his bed, arm thrown across a girl.  There was another
girl in the other bed, also asleep.  The guy who had answered the door was only
wearing a pair of boxers as he pushed me to the floor on my stomach.  He didn't
untie my hands, but locked the rubber cuffs back around my ankles and wrists and
bound me in a hog tie.  He asked if i needed to piss, i nodded yes and he picked
me up easily and carried me into the bathroom, laying me in the tub.  Relaxing
my bladder, i pissed, feeling it run around me and down the drain as i kept my
head up and out of the mess.  When i was done, he picked me up and carried me
back into the room, putting me into the closet on top of a towel. He picked up
the hood and even though i begged him not to, pulled it over my head and
fastened it on.  Alone in the dark again, i could smell the sweat, cum and piss
on my body and my mind focused totally on my need to cum.  To distract myself, i
thought back over all the things that had happened to me since i became Miss
Kelly's slave, which only made me want to cum more.  Eventually, despite my
desire and sopping wet cunt, i fell asleep inside the blackness of the hood.




Kelly's Slave Chapter 9 - Spring Break Part 4

The burning sensation of being dragged across the carpet woke me up,
instinctively i spread my legs, trying to rub my clit against the carpet and
cum, but my body stopped too soon.  The hood was pulled off and i saw all five
guys standing around me, naked.  Even though i was desperately thirsty my mouth
began salivating at the sight of their cocks.  My arms and legs were released
and i was given a bowl of oatmeal to eat, cold as usual.  While wolfing it down,
i realized that was all i had gotten to eat the whole trip.

When i was finished with the oatmeal, i was ordered into the bathroom.  Just
like the last two days, i helped the guys shower, soaping my body and then
rubbing against them, using my mouth on their cocks, sucking them until they
shot their loads down my throat.  They were all aware of my need to cum, and
made a special effort to avoid letting me make any contact with my cunt that
might let me get off.  Being extra careful, after i had cleaned them all, the
last guy cuffed my arms again and washed me himself, not giving even the
slightest chance to touch myself.  After i was clean, he toweled me off and
carried me into the bedroom.  They guys tied my bikini back on me, and then
pulled a pair of cutoff jean shorts up my legs and over the bottoms.  Even
though it was the most clothing i'd had since leaving school, i was sure the
main reason for the shorts was that the thick denim would keep me from being
able to give myself an orgasm. My hands were uncuffed and the wrist cuffs
removed.  There was a knock at the door, one of the guys answered and let three
girls in, they all went to different guys and it was obvious they knew each
other.  Joined by the girls we left the room and headed down to the beach.

The girls chatted with me a little bit, even though it was almost impossible for
me to carry on a conversation in my state.  The only thing on my mind was
earning the opportunity to cum, the hope for an orgasm was all consuming.  It
turned out the shorts belonged to one of the girls, that they all went to school
together and had met the guys at a club the first night in town.  From their
conversation, i was pretty sure one of them was the girl who's pussy i had eaten
the other morning, but i had no idea which one it was.  At the beach, everyone
fooled around, playing frisbee and catch with a football.  The girls lay on
towels, tanning and chatting.  After a little while, i went to one of the guys
and asked for permission to take my shorts off so that i wouldn't get bad tan
lines that might make Miss Kelly unhappy when i got home.  He said it was ok,
but told me that if they saw me even trying to touch my pussy, they'd make sure
i didn't cum for a month.  A little scared of that thought, and sure i would be
insane long before then, i slipped my shorts off and lay on a towel on my
stomach.  One of the girls made a comment about how brave i must be to run
around almost naked, none of them were even wearing thongs.  Mostly i was
ignored, when the guys took the girls to get some lunch, they told me to stay
and watch the towels and stuff.  They were nice enough to bring me back a bottle
of water, but i had to drink it kneeling, knees wide, hands behind my back.  One
of the guys held the bottle and poured it into my mouth, controlling how much
water i was allowed to have.  The girls watched, but didn't comment on my
behavior.  In fact, they hadn't said anything about the fact i was on vacation
with five guys.

Late in the afternoon, we headed back to the hotel.  In the room, the guys said
they were going to head downstairs and get some dinner.  The girls said they
wanted to shower and change first, so the guys headed down to eat.  One of the
girls, a blonde named Beth waited until the guys were gone, then she turned on
me.  She said that she knew all about my helping the guys shower and that she
wanted me to help her.  Without any directions, i wasn't really sure what to do,
but i knew that it was best to obey, so i followed her back to her room.  In her
bathroom, i took my bikini off and helped her remove hers.  In the shower, she
stood back and told me to show her how i helped the guys shower.  Soaping myself
up, i began rubbing against her.  She smiled and wrapped her arms around me,
pulling me tight against her as i slid up and down, When i lowered myself to my
knees in front of her i wasn't sure what i should do, but she grabbed the back
of my head and pulled me into her pussy, saying she wanted the full treatment. 
Pushing myself forward, i slid my tongue into her pussy as she spread her legs
wider.  Imagining it was Miss Kelly, i ran my tongue up and down her bare slit,
lapping at her lips as she moaned and then sucking her clit into my mouth and
pressing it with my lips as she groaned.  A few minutes of sucking and licking
brought her to orgasm, her hands pressing down on my shoulders for balance as
her body shook.  Stepping out of the shower she told me to stay while she
checked and saw if any of the other girls were interested.  It turned out they
were and they each took a turn, having me clean them and then tongue them to
orgasm, all without any interest or concern in seeing that i came.  Despite the
burning in my constantly wet pussy, i didn't touch myself because the guys had
told me not to and i didn't want to be disobedient.

When all three girls had showered, they dressed in clubbing clothes while i
knelt on the floor of their room, naked and dripping wet.  When they were all
made up and ready to go, they told me to get back to the guy's room.  Picking up
my bikini, i hurried through the hotel back to the guy's room.  Since i didn't
have a key, i couldn't get in and had to wait in the hallway.  Sitting in the
hallway, i pulled my legs up to my chest and wrapped my arms around them, but
didn't bother to put my bikini back on, so everyone walking down the hall got a
chance to see my body.  Eventually, the guys came up the hallway, joined by the
three girls.  They opened the door to the room and told me to get inside.  Since
the girls obviously knew about me know, i didn't stand up, just crawled into the
room on all fours and knelt in the middle of the room.  The guys gathered around
me, the girls standing behind them.

One of the guys told me that they had planned on going out tonight, leaving me
tied up with my friend the vibrator, but they had changed their minds.  Since i
had been such a good girl, and so obedient with their new girlfriends and since
i had to leave the next day they were going to give me a reward.  On of the guys
stepped forward and slipped his hands under my arms.  Without any real effort,
he lifted me up and dropped me on one of the beds.  At the same time, the other
four guys pulled their shorts off and stood around the bed naked, stroking their
cocks.  One of them climbed on the bed above me, as my legs slid apart without
any effort on my part.  He guided his now hard cock towards my cunt, slapping it
against my clit.  Holding it there, he asked if i wanted to be fucked.  Barely
able to form words, i begged him, calling myself a slut and slave and begging
him to stuff my slave cunt with his cock.  Smiling, he pulled back a bit and
then hammered it home, slipping all the way in with almost no resistance, i was
so wet.  As his cock filled my pussy, i came almost instantly, wrapping my legs
around his ass, feeling his muscles ripple as he slid in and out of me. 
Writhing on the bed underneath him, i shook through an incredible orgasm, the
needs built up over four days spilling out of my body all at once.  Gasping for
air, i pulled him tight against me, babbling my thanks for letting me cum.  It
only took a couple of minutes before he grunted and filled my pussy with his
cum.  Resting on top of me for a few seconds, he pulled out and crawled up the
bed, pushing his cock, covered in his cum and my pussy juice into my mouth,
Eagerly, i licked it clean, reveling in the taste as i ran my tongue all over
it.  At the same time, i felt another cock entering me and instinct took over,
my mouth working as my legs moved to pull the new cock into my pussy and i felt
another orgasm building almost instantly.

The cycle repeated itself for all five guys; filling my pussy with cum and then
letting me clean their cocks as the next one took his turn.  Each time i had
multiple orgasms, quickly losing count and totally unable to focus on anything
other than the cocks in my mouth and the feelings flowing out of my filled
pussy.  When the last guy was cleaned, they pulled me off the bed.  Barely
conscious, i wasn't able to stand, but two of the guys supported me on my knees,
spreading them wide apart and sliding a bowl underneath me as the five loads of
cum dripped out of my pussy.  The girls were still in the room and had taken
their clothes off too.  While i knelt and my pussy dripped cum, the girls walked
up and pulled my face into their pussies, giving me the opportunity to lick them
while the guys took the chance to grab and fondle their bodies as they moaned
and thrust against my lips.  When my pussy had stopped dripping and all three
girls had cum, the guys pushed me down on all fours and slid the bowl under my
face, telling me to lick up all the cum that had leaked out of my pussy.

Lowering my head, i extended my tongue and lapped at the almost full bowl,
sucking the mixed cum and pussy juice down.  As i knelt on all fours, head down,
ass in the air, lapping at the bowl, one of the guys knelt behind me and started
pushing his cock up my dry ass.  At first the pain was intense, but then i felt
the warmth flooding out of my pussy as my body began to respond and i started to
push back against his large cock, still licking up the contents of the bowl. 
Again, they followed one another, and again, each use of my ass was accompanied
by at least one orgasm for me.  After the first guy, it just felt better and
better as my as stretched to accommodate their cocks and the previous guy's
sperm helped to lubricate my ass.  The bowl of cum was gone by the time the
third guy was squatting behind me slamming his cock in and out forcefully,
jerking my body around.  For the last two guys, my mouth was occupied by the
girls, lying in front of my and pulling my head into their pussies and letting
me lick them.

When the last guy was finished, they pulled my head back and made me look up. 
My eyes refused to focus and when they spoke it seemed very far away.  It took a
couple of minutes for me to understand that they were saying that since my legs
were probably really tired and it would be hard for me to squat so that my ass
could drain, they were going to be nice and let me reach back and scoop the cum
out of my ass with my fingers so that none of it would go to waste.  In my
aroused state, that seemed like a very nice thing for them to do and i
immediately dug two fingers into my ass and started scooping out the cum
deposited there and bringing it them to my mouth to suck clean.  At the
suggestion of one of the other girls, i used my other hand to rub my engorged
clit, shuddering as even more orgasms flowed through my body as i cleaned my
ass.

Eventually, my fingers came out of my ass clean of cum.  A feeling of
disappointment ran through me as i looked up from the floor, trying to find
someone so that i could beg for a cock to suck or a pussy to lick.  All eight of
them were sitting on the beds watching me.  One of the guys asked if the girls
were ready for the next round, since the guys still needed a little rest.  As
Beth nodded, there was a knock at the door.  One of the guys answered and i was
able to focus enough to realize it was the guy and girl from the jacuzzi the
night before.  As they stepped into the room and undressed, one of the guys
rummaged in the closet and came out with a strap on dildo.  He handed it to Beth
as the guy from the jacuzzi sat on the bed in front of me and stroked his cock. 
Beth knelt behind me and rubbed the head of the rubber cock she had fastened
around her hips against my dripping pussy lips.  Calling me names, telling me
what a slut and cunt i was she pushed the cock into me, filling my pussy again
and forcing a moan out of me.  She held my hips thrusting in and out as my eyes
focused in on the hard cock in front of me.  Beth's breath came in short gasps
as the dildo rubbed her clit at the same time it filled my pussy.  From the
sounds she made, we came at the same time as another orgasm rolled through my
quivering body.  Pushing me forward, Beth slipped her fake cock out of me.  The
push propelled me onto the very real cock on the new guy in front of me. 
Eagerly i took it into my mouth, bobbing up and down and running my tongue along
its length as he stroked my sweat matted hair.  His cock spurted quickly,
feeding me yet another helping of cum.  Almost immediately, my head was pulled
around to lick the dildo clean, now strapped around another girl's waist.  Once
i had cleaned it, she squatted behind me, pushing my head into the spread pussy
of the asian girl who had laid on the floor.  While the girl behind me drilled
the rubber cock in and out of my ass, i licked my fourth pussy of the night,
moaning and grunting as my mind swirled with the feelings rushing through my
body.  After that, i lost track of what was happening.  I know my cunt, ass, and
mouth were all used over and over by real cocks and the fake one.  My tongue was
buried in all four cunts over and over, my own orgasms blended into one ongoing
spasm that rushed through my body over and over.

The next thing i was consciously aware of was pain, pulling at my scalp.  My
mind came around enough to realize i was being dragged across the room by my
hair and into the bathroom.  Lifted by the hair i was dropped in the tub on my
back.  Blurry images surrounded me and i felt streams hitting my face and body. 
My awareness became focused enough to realize that they were pissing on me, i
saw the girls climbing into the tub, straddling me as the pissed on me too. 
When they had all finished, they left, leaving me lying back in a pool of piss
and cum, body still shaking with the orgasms shaking through me.  Without
conscious effort, my hand drifted to my pussy, rubbing my soaked clit until my
exhausted body slipped into unconsciousness.

A hard slap woke me and i saw one of the guys standing over me.  He told me it
was time to get ready to go to the airport and head back to school.  He
explained i would be flying alone since they would be staying a couple more
days.  The smell of piss was almost overwhelming and i could feel the dried cum
coating my body and hair.  He said he'd really like to send me home just like i
was now, so that everyone would know what a piss soaked cum slut i was, but they
had decided i'd have a hard time getting on the airplane that way so i had
better get cleaned up.  He turned the water on and left me alone in the bathroom
to wash.  My body protested as i tried to move, every muscle ached and my mouth
was completely dry, but i pulled myself to my knees and started washing the
night's evidence from my body.  Working slowly but steadily, i cleaned myself
up, shaking at the pain radiating from my ass and cunt, and then shampooed my
hair.  When i finished and started to feel presentable, i shut the water off,
toweled myself dry and crawled back into the bedroom. 

All five guys were there, naked.  The sight of their cocks made me feel weak and
i almost came again, just from the memories of the previous night.  Each one
called me over to him and had me suck his cock, cradling each guys balls, i
would lick and suck until i was rewarded with spurts of cum.  When i had
serviced all five, they gave me another bowl of oatmeal and one of water.  After
i finished eating, they gave me the dress i had won on the flight out and had my
put my heels on.  Four of them got their bathing suits on and headed to the pool
while the fifth got dressed and accompanied me to the shuttle bus.  He rode the
shuttle with me, stroking my hair and body the whole way.  There were four other
guys on the bus, all staring at me the whole time.  Even though the dress was
more than i had worn the whole week, i was very aware of how short it was and
the fact that i wasn't wearing any underwear.

By the time we arrived at the airport, my body was already burning, on the verge
of an orgasm.  Taking my arm, the guy guided me to the gate and saw that i was
checked in.  He sat with me until it was time to board.  As i started to get up,
he told me to be a good girl and not fuck anyone on the plane and just to be
sure he told me that i wasn't allowed to cum without permission, patting my ass
and walking away as i boarded the plane.  Taking my seat, i almost immediately
dozed off.  My dreams were filled with cocks and pussies, my tongue pushing into
bare slits, my ass and cunt spreading for hard cocks.  A hand on my shoulder
shook me awake suddenly.  The flight attendant was standing next to me, her face
expressionless.  Speaking politely, and even calling me miss, she told me i
couldn't behave this way on a flight.  Confused, i realize that my dress was up
around my waist and two fingers were buried in my pussy.  MY face burned with
shame as i realized i had been playing with myself while i was asleep, in full
view of the other passengers.  The attendant handed me a blanket, and no longer
disguising her disgust, told me that the least i could do was cover myself. 
Totally humiliated, i pulled the blanket over me and sat still the rest of the
flight, staring straight ahead and avoiding the looks i got from other
passengers.




Chapter 10 - Back to School

When the plane landed, i stayed in my seat, waiting for everyone else to get
off.  A few of the passengers gave me dirty looks as the walked past, and i knew
they thought i was just some slut.  Finally, i got off and walked off the plane,
cringing at the glare i got from the flight attendants as i walked by.

In the terminal, i found Jenny and Stacy waiting for me.  They didn't bother to
say hi or ask me anything, as soon as they saw me; they turned and started
walking out of the terminal, forcing me to hurry to catch up.  In the parking
lot, Jenny and Stacy walked to Jenny's car, a two-seat sports car.  Confused, i
caught up to them as Jenny unlocked the trunk.  She said they only had the two
seats, so i got to ride in the trunk. Surprised, i stood there, staring at them
until Stacy grabbed my hair and dragged me over to the car.  Shaken, i climbed
into the trunk; it was so small i had to curl into a fetal position to fit. 
Luckily, it was late enough in the day, that i don't think anyone could see what
was going on.  Once i was in the trunk, Jenny stood holding the trunk lid and
put her hand out.  She told me to hand over my dress, that luggage didn't need
clothes.  Twisting and turning in the trunk, i managed to get the dress of and
hand it over to Jenny.  She took it and then slammed the trunk closed, leaving
me in the dark.  A couple of minutes later, i heard the car start and then it
began moving.

In the trunk, in the dark, my mind basically went blank, thinking about
everything that had and probably would happen was just too much at this point,
naked in a cramped space, totally under someone else's control.  Curled up and
lulled by the vibration of the car and the sound of the tires on the road, i was
surprised when the car stopped.  A few seconds later, the trunk opened, Stacy
was standing there and told me to get out.  Naked, i climbed out of the trunk,
the car was in the parking lot at school.  Stacy told me to wait five minutes
and then go to their room, she walked off, leaving me alone.  Crouching down
beside the car, i counted to 300, and then started to Jenny and Stacy's room,
doing my best to hide myself as i did.  Their room was right in the middle of a
hallway, meaning there was no way for me to get there without being exposed for
quite a distance.  Luckily for me, most people weren't back from spring break,
so i wasn't seen.

Arriving at their room, i knocked on the door and knelt.  A few seconds passed
before Jenny opened the door, but it felt like an hour as i looked up and down
the hallway.  Jenny was wearing a dark blue silk nightie, she stood aside and
let me crawl in.  Stacy was sitting on the bed, wearing a jade green nightie
just like Jenny's.  Once i was in the room, Jenny closed the door.  She
explained that Miss Kelly wouldn't be back for two more days, so i would be
staying with them.  She also explained that right after i left for spring break,
Miss Kelly had gotten a new outfit for me, but she had been kind enough to leave
it behind so that i could wear it for Jenny and Stacy.  Stacy picked one of the
hoods Miss Kelly had gotten up off the bed, one without eyeholes.  She said they
wanted the new outfit to be a surprise.  She stood and walked over to me,
pulling the hood over my head and fastening it around my neck, leaving me blind
again.  Hands pulled at my body and pain flowed from different places as my sore
body was manipulated into new positions.

They pulled my hood off, i was on all fours in front of the mirrored closet
door, so that i could see what had been done to me.  My hands were wrapped in
leather mitts, my fingers folded into a fist.  The inside of the mitt had some
kind of bumps or nubs, and it was already getting painful to put weight on my
hands.  The mitts buckled around my wrists and small padlocks hung from each
catch, locking them on.  Two elastic straps ran from each mitten, on either side
of my wrists.  The inside ones were shorter, they ended in alligator clamps
which Stacy clamped on to my nipples, causing a grunt to escape from my mouth. 
The outer straps were longer, but also ended in clamps, Jenny snapped them onto
my earlobes, opening them wide and letting them snap shut, which made me gasp in
pain.  My legs were strapped up, my ankles and calves to my thighs.  My big toes
were wrapped in a leather strap and tied together so that my feet were pulled
against my ass.  Kneepads were fastened around my knees, and had the same kind
of nubs on the inside as the mitts.  As my eyes went wide with pain and
surprise, Jenny stroked my hair, telling me i was going to be a good little
doggie for them for the rest of the weekend.  She pulled my hair into pigtails
on either side of my head.  Stacy said that i didn't look like a doggie yet,
because i didn't have a tail.  Jenny opened a box and pulled out a large butt
plug with a long attached tail.  She smiled as she walked back over to me and
asked if i wanted to lube it up.  Still feeling the ache from my ass being used
the day before, i nodded eagerly.  Jenny started to bring the plug to my lips,
then shook her head and said i hadn't earned that right yet.  Wrapping an arm
around my waist to hold me in place, she pushed the large unlubed plug against
my swollen asshole.  Groaning in pain, i felt it slide in, above my bound feet,
so that once it was fully in, the tail ran out over my feet.

Stacy tugged one of the pigtails, prompting me to turn away from the mirror
towards her.  She was holding a wide leather collar with a big ring on the
front. She locked it around my throat, snapping a small lock onto the latch, and
then clipped a chain leash to the ring, using it to tug me across the room,
making me crawl to their bed.  She spread her lags and tapped her thigh, telling
me to be a good doggy and come get my treat.   Crawling forward, i pushed my
face into her pussy and started licking, running my tongue along the bare lips
and pushing it into her.  As i licked, Stacy stroked my hair and told me what a
good doggy i was, that i was a good puppy.  Moving my head around to lick and
suck her clit pulled on the clamps on my ears and nipples, making me moan into
her pussy.  She pushed herself against me and i felt wetness leaking out of my
own cunt as i worked.  Jenny sat on the bed next to Stacy and they started to
kiss and caress each other while i was working, both occasionally reaching down
to stroke me and remind me what a good puppy i was being.  When Stacy moaned and
shuddered through her orgasm she handed the leash to Jenny who pulled me over to
her pussy, allowing me to lick her while they continued playing with one
another.  Jenny was much rougher than Stacy, pulling my pigtails and wrapping
her legs around my head, locking me in place.  Instead of telling me what a good
puppy i was, she called me a bitch and barked out commands on how to service
her.  Her orgasm caused her to twist my head around between her legs, yanking
hard on the clamps and making me cry out in pain.  She told me that good doggies
didn't bark when they weren't supposed to and i'd have to be punished.  She
stood up and opened a drawer, pulling out a plastic paddle with holes drilled in
it.  She told me that i was going to be spanked, and if i was a good doggie and
took it without making a sound, i'd get a reward.  She stepped behind me and a
second later the paddle slapped down hard on my right ass cheek.  The blow shook
my body, but i didn't make a sound, and kept my mouth pressed tightly closed as
she alternated blows to the left and right sides of my ass until she'd spanked
me a total of ten times. 

She put the paddle away and ran her hand over my burning ass, telling me i did
good and deserved a treat.  She lifted a large dildo out of the drawer and
showed it to me, then walked around behind me while Stacy took a hold of the
leash and held me facing forward.  Jenny shoved the dildo into my soaked pussy,
thrusting it in and out a couple of times before pulling it out and bringing it
around to my mouth.  Holding it out she told me to be a good girl and take my
bone.  I took the dildo in my mouth, holding it across my face, like a bone,
tasting my own pussy on it.  Jenny told me to take my bone and go lay down,
pointing to a folded blanket in the corner.  She said i should be a good girl
and make sure my bone was nice and clean by morning.  Holding the dildo, i
crawled to the corner, each move pulling on my nipples or ears and the stubs in
the gloves and kneepads pressing against my hands and knees.  The only
comfortable way i could lay was on my side, curled almost into a ball, sucking
and licking the dildo.  Thinking about what i must look like, hair in pigtails,
bound and lying like this, i felt waves of humiliation, but also couldn't escape
the fact that my pussy was literally dripping.  Jenny shut the lights off and
climbed into bed with Stacy.  Lying on my blanket, i could hear them making
love, moaning softly.  Listening to them, i realized how badly i missed Miss
Kelly, i wished i were with her, being allowed to serve her.  Unconsciously, my
hands started to drift towards my pussy, until the pulling of the clamps made me
stop, making me realize that i couldn't even reach my cunt the way i was bound.

Eventually, i fell asleep, only to wake up in pain from Jenny yanking on the
nipple clamps.  She told me to get up and tugged my leash, pulling me into the
bathroom.  Following on all fours, i knelt in front of the toilet as she used
it.  When she finished, she stood up and let me lick her pussy clean.  As soon
as she finished, Stacy came in and did that same thing, again having me lick her
clean.  After i had cleaned her, she took my leash and looped it around the
toilet paper dispenser, and then they both got in the shower together and
started cleaning up.  Through the shower door, i could see them playing with
each other and i could hear their giggles.  When they finished showering, they
got out and toweled each other dry, then Stacy took the leash and pulled me into
the tub.  They made me kneel there on all fours while they sprayed me with cold
water and scrubbed me clean, telling me what a good doggie i was.  When they
thought i was clean enough, they pulled the butt plug out of my ass, making me
whimper in pain.  Jenny rinsed it off, then held it to my lips, making me take
it into my mouth.  She said they needed to finish cleaning me up and i felt
something sliding into my ass.

Just as the water flow started, i realized it was an enema.  They both stroked
my body as the flow filled me up, letting it run until i began to whine in pain
and the need to go to the bathroom.  Once they stopped the flow, they left the
nozzle in place and explained to me that this was going to be my new way of
getting clean in the mornings and that if they or Miss Kelly weren't around, i'd
have to do it myself.  After a few minutes, they let me climb out of the tub,
which was painful both because of the tugging on my nipples and ears and also
because of the full feeling in my belly.  They guided me over to the toilet and
picked me up and set me on it, since my legs were still strapped down, Jenny
held me in place while Stacy reached under me and pulled the nozzle out, warning
me first to hold the water until i was told to let it go.  Straining, i managed
to keep it from leaking out, they both stepped back and told me what a cute
puppy i was with the plug in my mouth and my hands held out in front of me like
i was begging.  They made me wait a few seconds before giving me permission to
go, and i moaned as i felt the water shoot out of me.  Once it stopped, they
picked me up and set me back in the tub, rinsing me off.  Jenny stroked my wet
hair while Stacy started playing with my clit, her fingers rubbing it as they
told me what a good girl i was being.  Jenny asked me if i wanted to cum, i
nodded eagerly.  She pulled the butt plug out of my mouth and told me to bark if
i wanted to cum.  Immediately, i started making yipping and barking sounds. 
Stacy sped up her rubbing, timing it to my barks, and i pushed my body back
against her hand as i kept up my barking.  It only took a few minutes before i
came, my last bark turning into a long moan as my body shuddered and shook,
which also pulled on my ears and nipples, which just made me cum harder.

They repeated the enema twice more, until the water was almost clear, before
Jenny led me back into the main room.  After each enema, i got to cum, so i was
shaking and quivering and barely able to stay upright when it was over.  After
she led me out of the bedroom, Jenny pushed the butt plug back into me ass and
led me over to the blanket.  She had me lay down and looped the leash around the
leg of the bed, telling me to stay.  Then the two of them dressed each other and
left, leaving the door open a crack.  Laying on the blanket, i shook with the
after effects of my orgasms, and also felt fear that someone would push the door
open and find me like this, naked and strapped up on a leash, sucking on a
dildo.  At least part of me hoped someone would, but the campus was still
largely empty because of the break and when the door did open, it was Jenny and
Stacy.  They each had a bowl, which the set on the floor and told me to come
have breakfast.  It was cold oatmeal and water, but since i hadn't eaten
anything else for the past week, i lowered my head and ate it quickly.  Stacy
was nice enough to hold my hair out of the way, and when i finished, she wiped
my face clean.

After i finished eating, they started training me.  Jenny ordered me to the
middle of the room and began yelling at me in a language i didn't understand. 
While she repeated the words, Stacy would guide me into the proper positions. 
They taught me to sit, sit up, lay down, roll over and fetch.   While i
practiced and learned the commands, they snapped pictures of me, telling me that
Miss Kelly would love them.  They also taught me that the proper way for a
doggie like me to say hello was to sniff people, especially their crotches, and
that i should never look any higher than that unless someone specifically told
me to.  They only let me communicate by whines and yips, i wasn't allowed to
speak.  Every time i didn't do something correctly immediately, my ass was
whipped, by late afternoon, it was bright red and burning.  Stacy was nice
enough to rub some cream on it before they left and got some dinner, again they
left the door partially open and i spent the whole time both afraid and hopeful
that it would swing open and someone would see me.

No one saw or came in until Jenny and Stacy got back, but they had someone with
them.  The guy was huge, at least 300 pounds of muscle, short blonde hair and
blues eyes.  As soon as he saw me, he stopped short and stared.  Jenny snapped a
command, i still didn't understand the word, but knew that it meant to get into
my begging position.  Pushing myself back onto my knees, feeling the bumps in
the kneepads dig into me, i held my hands out in front of my chest and spread my
knees wide to show off my pussy, letting my tongue hang out and pant.  He
smiled, and didn't seem all that surprised as Jenny had me switch through some
of the other commands they had taught me, blushing at this stranger watching,
but knowing that my only job was to obey, i sat, rolled over, played dead and
even fetched the dildo on all fours, bringing it back in my mouth.

After about twenty minutes of putting me through my tricks, Stacey told Jenny
they needed to get going.  They left, leaving the guy behind, patting me on the
head and telling me to be a good doggie.  As soon as they were out the door, he
closed it and began unbuttoning his pants.  Without any delay, he pulled his
cock out and jammed it in my mouth.  He didn't even really want a blowjob,
grabbing my pigtails, he used them to jerk my head back and forth as he fucked
my mouth.

Not even knowing the name of the guy sticking his cock down my throat wasn't
unusual at this point, but the fact that he didn't even acknowledge me as
anything other than a hole to fuck made me even more excited, and i could feel
my wet pussy dripping down my bound thighs as he used my mouth.  It didn't take
long for him to cum, jamming his cock deep as it jerked and spewed cum down my
throat, i had to gulp to keep it from squirting out, but manager to swallow it
all.  When he was finished, he gave me a few minutes to lick his cock clean
before buttoning his pants and leaving me on the floor.  He closed the door
behind him, i was surprised to find that i was disappointed not to have the door
left open, and also sorry that he had only cum once before going.

Alone in the room, i picked the dildo/bone up in my mouth and carried it to my
blanket, laying on my side and licking and chewing on it until i fell asleep. 
Jenny woke me up by jerking the leash she had attached to the collar i wore, and
ordered me back into the begging position.  The guy was back and all three of
them were naked.  Jenny sat on the bed, legs spread wide and called me to her,
pushing my face into her pussy.   Immediately i began licking her smooth pussy,
tasting her sweetness as i felt the plug pulled out of my ass.  It was quickly
replaced with the guys cock and he began pushing into me.  Stretched out by the
plug, it was easy for him to slide into me, even without lubrication.  It was
hard to believe, but after the last week, i was beginning to enjoy being fucked
in the ass and moaned as i pushed back against his cock, trying to tighten my
asshole down around it.  At the same time, hands were all over my body, from the
size i could tell they were both the guy's and Stacey's.  Still licking Jenny's
pussy, a sucking her clit into my mouth to flick it with my tongue.  It didn't
take long for her to cum, and at the same time, my body began to shake as the
hands pinching my tits and rubbing my clit had an effect.  Jenny pulled my head
up and asked if i wanted to cum, nodding against her hand holding my hair, i
whined.  She told me i knew what i had to do if i wanted to cum, it took a
minute for me to remember, but then i started yipping and barking.  Jenny smiled
and patted my head, telling me to go ahead and cum like a good doggie.  Still
yipping, my body began to shake as Stacey stroked my clit.  As i came, so did
the guy, shooting his cum up my ass as he grabbed handfuls of my hanging tits
and pulled me back onto his cock.  When we had both finished cumming, he pulled
out, and Jenny quickly put my tail back in place, positioning it above my tied
feet.  She then told me to be a good doggie and clean up the nice man to thank
him.  Turning on all fours, i took his cock into my mouth and licked it clean. 
When it was finished, Jenny blindfolded me and i heard her tell the guy i was
ready.  He picked me up easily, and i didn't resist.  He set me down on
something cold and smooth, i realized it was nylon, and when i heard zipping, i
knew he had put me in a duffle bag and was zipping it up.  A few minutes later,
the bag was lifted and i was carried.  Trying to listen and stay still, i heard
the guys voice, and Jenny's, talking about school stuff and the softball and
football teams, i also heard them say hi to a couple of people.  After a few
minutes, they stopped, and i was dropped on the ground, knocking the wind out of
me.  The zipper was pulled back, and i was dumped out of the bag, a leash was
snapped to the collar around my neck and then my blindfold was removed.  Jenny
was standing over me, in shorts and a tank top, and i saw that i was back in
Miss Kelly's room.  Jenny told me that Miss Kelly was due back in a few hours
and would love to see her new doggie, so to be a good girl and not make a mess
on the carpet before she got home. She smiled at me, pulled the dildo i had been
using as a bone out of the bag and dropped it on the floor in front of me.  She
and the guy watched me suck and chew on it for a while, then left, closing the
door behind them.


----------------
i want to apologize for taking so long to continue this story, i don't know how
many people were waiting or anything, but it has been far too long.  From now
on, i'll do my best to keep it updated on a more regular basis.




Kelly's Slave Chapter 11 - End of School

Left alone and without any directions, i wasn't sure what to do.  Still in my
doggie stuff, i couldn't get up or release myself, so i rolled onto my side,
sucking and licking the dildo until i eventually fell asleep.  A kick in the
side woke me up, i tried to jump up and yipped in pain as my nipples and ears
were jerked.  Falling down, i rolled onto my back and looked up, seeing Miss
Kelly and her current boyfriend standing over me.  She ordered me into my
begging position, using the same work Miss Jenny had when she trained me.  She
smiled and patted me on the head, then spoke to her boyfriend, telling him that
she knew it had been a long flight and he probably needed to get off, but she
was tired.  She suggested that if he didn't mind a little bestiality, i was
available.  He smiled, stepped toward me and unzipped his jeans, pulling out his
hardening cock.  Over his shoulder, he told Miss Kelly he was tired too, so he
was just going to use the doggie's mouth.  He grabbed the straps from my mittens
to my ears and used them to pull my mouth down on his cock.  Moving his hands to
my head, he held it in place while he fucked in and out, pushing his cock into
my throat and making me gag and drool.  He kept pounding my mouth, even as my
eyes started wandering and i felt like i was going to throw up.  The gagging and
tears just made him go faster and harder.  Finally, after what seemed like
forever, he pushed his cock deep into my mouth and held it there while it jerked
and shot his cum down my throat.  When he was finished, he pulled my head back,
letting me lick my spit from his cock, then shoved me down on the floor.

He leaned over and kissed Miss Kelly, then picked up his bag and left.  After
her boyfriend had left, Miss Kelly finally looked over at me, still on my knees,
arms held in a begging position by the straps to my ears and nipples. Smiling,
she told me that i had been a good girl and that everyone was very impressed
with the way i had served over spring break and the past weekend. Patting me on
the head, she said i deserved a reward, but first, she wanted to show all my
online friends her new puppy. Turning the web cam on, she logged into a chat
room and began conversing with people, while telling me to play with my bone and
be a cute puppy. Taking the dildo in my mouth, i flopped around, rolling onto my
back and did my best to be a good girl. Over her shoulder, Miss Kelly relayed
some of the comments being made, most praising me for becoming such a good puppy
in a short time, others suggesting that it be a permanent change and more than
one offering an opinion of how much a real dog would like to get a chance to
play with a puppy like me. The last two sorts of comments worried me, one
because there was obviously no way i could go to class like this, or play
softball, and i wasn't sure at all how i would feel if Miss Kelly decided i
should stay this way. The other because one of my biggest fears since i was
little had been dogs, and the thought of having to be around them like this
terrified me. Playing online, i had seen sites and chatted about bestiality, but
never thought it could ever really happen, and since i wasn't allowed to speak,
there was no way i could ask Miss Kelly about it now.

After about an hour of chatting while i rolled on the floor and wagged my tail,
Miss Kelly shut the computer down, saying she was tired from her trip. She told
me to heel and walked into the bathroom, taking her panties off, she sat and
peed, then let me lick her clean before leading me back into the room. Looking
down at me on all fours, she barked one of Jenny's commands and nodded as i
rolled onto my back, legs wide and "paws" held up in the air. Leaning over, she
said there was no way i could go to class like this and began removing the
straps around my legs and ankles. Needles of pain shot through my thighs and
calves as i straightened my legs out for the first time in two days. Miss Kelly
continued, removing the mittens from my hands and unsnapping the clamps on my
nipples and ears, which caused an involuntary whimper as the blood rushed back
into them. Miss Kelly left the collar on and the butt plug buried in my ass,
slipping her finger through the ring in the front of the collar, she led me to
her bed and had me climb up into it, steadying me as my legs started to give
out. Once i was on the bed, she undressed and lay down, so that I was between
her legs. She told me to start licking, and when she fell asleep, i could curl
up at the end of the bed like a good little puppy for the night. After a week
away from her, i eagerly pushed myself against her pussy, sliding my tongue up
and down and lapping at her body. It didn't take long for her body to spasm
slightly, but i continued to lick and kiss her, not wanting to stop even when
her breathing became slow and steady and i knew she was asleep. Finally, i
pulled away and curled into a ball at the end of the bed, the tingling in my
legs keeping me awake awhile longer until i did doze off.

In the morning, i woke up to Miss Kelly poking me in the side with her foot.
When i opened my eyes, she spread her legs again and waved toward her pussy.
Again eager, i crawled forward and began happily running my tongue over her,
tasting her as she used my pigtails to guide my head. She allowed me to serve
her for about fifteen minutes, and i was sure she had cum at least once before
she pulled my head away and stood up, heading to the bathroom as i slipped off
the bed and followed on all fours. The morning was just like it had been before
spring break, i bathed and shaved Miss Kelly before being allowed to clean and
groom myself under the freezing spray of water in the shower. When i had
finished, i dressed Miss Kelly in the clothes she had laid out; and then pulled
on the short sundress she had left for me, along with a pair of sandals. It was
weird having clothes on again, and my ass felt especially empty after having the
plug in it for almost two solid days. Miss Kelly told me to come and left the
room, heading to the cafeteria for breakfast. Like always in public, she treated
me like a normal roommate while i remained subservient towards her. Again it was
struck me as strange while we went through the line and Miss Kelly nodded at
what i was allowed to eat, not that she was choosing my food, i was used to that
and appreciated it. What was odd was the realization that it would be the first
time in a week i wasn't eating cold oatmeal out of a dog bowl. Once we had our
trays loaded, we sat at a table by ourselves and started eating, but were soon
joined by Jenny and Stacy. As they sat down, Jenny asked if i was sure i
remembered how to use utensils and Miss Kelly almost choked as she laughed and
my face turned bright red. They chatted while they ate, and i quietly finished
my breakfast. When i was done, Miss Kelly told me to head off to class and to be
a good girl today.

It wasn't easy to get back in the right frame of mind for class.  Many times, i
found my mind wandering either back to spring break or just daydreaming, only to
snap back to reality and realize i'd missed a bunch of stuff in a professor's
lecture.  Finally, class was over and i headed to softball practice.  Again, my
mind kept drifting in the locker room, looking at the girls as they changed
clothes and remembering my weekend with Jenny and Stacy.  One of the girls
slapped me on the shoulder as she headed to the field; i realized i'd been
sitting there naked while everyone else changed.  Hurrying, i got my uniform on
and rushed out to join practice.   There, at least, i settled back into the
routine, concentrating on fielding and the drills, not letting my mind drift. 
After practice, i hurried in and showered, slipped my dress back on and rushed
back to the dorm to find Miss Kelly.

She was in the room, chatting online.  As soon as the door was closed, i dropped
my dress and fell to my hands and knees, crawling to kneel beside her.   Without
looking at me, she ran her hands through my hair while she chatted, then twisted
her fingers in my hair and pushed me down, letting me rest my face against the
floor and lick and suck her toes while she chatted.  Once in while, she'd read
me a message, telling me some of the suggestions people online had for my
training.  More than one person was offering to take me off her hands and she
quoted some of the offers they'd made.  Even though most of it was probably just
Internet junk, i was kind of impressed with the amounts they'd offered.  After
she felt i had spent enough time at her feet, Miss Kelly told me to do my
homework.  Naturally i did it on the floor, on all fours, naked, with my ass
toward the open door.  Miss Kelly decided to head over to her boyfriend's,
telling me to be a good girl and leaving the door open.  Tonight, being good
meant taking two guys who wandered by.  One just fucked my pussy and the other
one let me suck his cock before he fucked my ass.  Word had gotten around the
dorm that i was a slut and would pretty much fuck anyone who wanted me,
especially when my roommate was out.  Right before spring break, it was usually
six or seven guys a night so i was disappointed a little bit.  Miss Kelly got
back about midnight and had me get up and undress her, then i was allowed to
crawl between her legs and lick her to a few quick orgasms before being ordered
to the floor to sleep.

The next couple of weeks got to be as routine as anything in my life could be. 
Class and homework took up a lot of time, so did softball practice and games. 
The remainder of my time was of course devoted to pleasing Miss Kelly.  She
still had me tanning almost naked in front of the dorm, and made me available to
most of the guys, but only a few knew i was really a slave.  There were still
plenty of nights i spent serving Jenny and Stacy, and Miss Kelly made sure that
i spent time learning to be a good puppy dog. The weekend before finals started,
all the fraternities had a big party at their houses, this year the theme was a
slumber party.  Miss Kelly decided that we would go and make sure i would be the
life of the party.  She didn't tell me any of her plans, but did let me know we
would be going.

On the day of the party, Miss Kelly woke me early and after we had both
showered; she picked out a tiny tank top and skirt for me.  The top barely
covered my tits and left my belly completely bare, the skirt was just long
enough to cover my when i was standing up, she had me put on a pair of heels and
follow her out to the car.  We met Jenny and Stacy at the car and drove to the
mall.  I spent the trip in the back seat, on floor, my face between Jenny's
legs, licking and sucking her. 

When we got to the mall, i wasn't allowed to clean myself up, and had to go
inside, hair messed up from Jenny grabbing it and face wet with her pussy juice. 
The three of them chatted and laughed while i followed behind, walking carefully
so that my skirt kept me covered.  Miss Kelly led us all to a lingerie store and
the three of them shopped while i followed Miss Kelly.  They browsed through the
racks and picked out some things to try on.  After modeling for one another,
they each chose an outfit, then they turned their attention to me.  They agreed
that nothing in this store would be good for me and we'd have to shop somewhere
else.  We went back to the car, this time i spent the ride pressed between
Stacy's legs.

Miss Kelly drove us into the seedy part of town, which given the city we live
in, wasn't all that seedy, but it was still where the only adult shop in the
area was located.  Again, i wasn't allowed to clean up before going inside.  The
store sold videos and toys, but also had racks of lingerie.  Miss Kelly walked
over to the clerk and spoke quietly with her.  The clerk nodded and Miss Kelly
walked back over to us. She snapped her fingers and told me to strip.  Before i
even thought about where i was, i had my top off and had undone my skirt.  Then
i hesitated, but there were only the three of us and the clerk in the store, and
she had obviously approved, so i dropped my skirt and stood in the middle of the
store naked except for my heels.  Miss Kelly walked through the racks of
lingerie, holding a few things up in front of me, and then putting them back. 
She picked up a white bustier and nodded, telling me to try it on.  She helped
fasten it on me, there were bra cups only covered the bottom of my tits, leaving
my nipples showing, it also had garters to hold up stockings and came with a
matching thong.  Miss Kelly told me to go model it for Jenny and Stacy and see
what they thought.  Walking through the store, i realized there were other
customers, i just hadn't seen them before.  They looked up and stared as i
walked by, tits and cunt exposed, looking for Jenny and Stacy.  They were
looking at some dildos, cuddling and giggling when i walked up and asked them
what they thought of my outfit.  They made me turn around a couple times, giving
a good view to the 5 or 6 men who had gathered around.  Finally, Jenny decided
it was good for showing me off, but the white wasn't nearly slutty enough for a
girl like me.  Going back to Miss Kelly, i had to walk through the guys, and
they all took a chance to fondle me.  When i got back to Miss Kelly and told her
what Jenny said, she nodded and picked out another teddy, sending me back again. 
Jenny and Stacy both nodded their approval, and the crowd of guys following me
back and forth showed that they found it attractive.  The guys followed me back
to Miss Kelly, where i told her that Jenny and Stacy had approved the new
outfit.  Miss Kelly looked at them and spoke loudly, saying that i should get
some other outfits, and i should be VERY nice to anyone who was kind enough to
offer to buy me something.  The guys heard her and started to crowd around,
offering to buy me things.  Miss Kelly gathered them together and explained
things to them.  They each picked items out from the racks and held them up for
her to approve.  She nodded and arranged them into a line, and then she told me
to strip again.  When i was naked, she took my arm and led me into a booth in
the back of the store where you could watch porn videos.  She told me to kneel
on the floor and wait.  A couple of minutes later, the first guy came in and sat
on the bench in front of me.  He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. 
Without saying anything, i took it in my mouth and started to lick and suck it
while he reached down and played with my tits.  His cock was hard before he took
it out and it only took a few seconds before he came, pumping cum into my mouth,
which i gulped down.  After i licked it clean, he zipped up his pants and
stepped around me and out of the booth.  Another guy came in almost immediately,
they followed one right after the other.  Most of them just sat there while i
sucked them off, but a few played with my tits or grabbed handfuls of my hair. 
The last one had the biggest cock and lasted the longest.  He fucked in and out
of my mouth, grabbing handfuls of hair to pull me down and force his cock into
my throat.  He made me gag over and over, until my eyes watered and i coughed. 
Finally he pulled out and stroked his cock, pointing it at my face until it
spurted cum across my forehead, dripping down over my eyes and onto my cheeks.

He left, and a few minutes later, Miss Kelly came in, she scooped some cum up
with her finger and held it to my lips.  My tongue snaked out and lapped it up
like a good girl.  She dropped my clothes on the floor and told me to hurry up,
it was getting late.  Standing, i pulled my top and skirt on and followed her
back into the store.  Jenny and Stacy were standing by the door, surrounded by
bags.  Miss Kelly told me to pick them up, and they all walked out to the car. 
Loaded down by bags, cum dripping off my face, i struggled to follow them. 
After the bags were loaded into the car, Jenny and Stacy got in the back seat
and Miss Kelly ordered me to get in the front passenger seat. She ordered me to
pull my top up and play with my pussy while we drove home.   Thinking about what
i had just done, my pussy was already soaked and i moaned as i played with
myself.  Soon i was on the edge of cumming, but Miss Kelly wouldn't give me
permission, ordering me to stop instead and suck my fingers clean.

When we got back to school, i carried all the bags inside, dried cum still on my
face and my skirt riding up to show my ass as i walked down the hall.  A couple
of guys who happened to walk by took the chance to grab a quick feel of my tits
or ass as i walked by.  Once we were back in the room, i put the bags down and
stripped.  Miss Kelly followed me in and ordered me to the floor, i immediately
dropped to all fours on the ground.  She pulled the things i'd gotten out of the
bags, folded them and put them all away.  Then she got online and chatted while
i lay on my belly, licking and sucking her toes, wrists crossed behind my back. 
She reached down and grabbed my hair and dragged me up to look at the screen. 
One of her online friends had suggested an assignment and she thought it was a
great idea.  Miss Kelly told me that i would be following the assignment at the
party, and if i didn't do a good job, they'd discuss just how much i would
suffer.

It was already 5:00p and the party started at 8.  Miss Kelly started getting
ready, having me undress her and wash her body and hair while she showered. 
When she was clean, i was given time to take an actual shower, and even use hot
water so i could get cleaned up.  Then i helped her dry and style her hair and
put her makeup on for her.  She slipped on the short baby blue chemise she was
wearing to the party and i could feel my pussy get wet again at how beautiful
she looked.  She slipped on a pair of thong panties and a pair of mules.  She
was just spraying perfume on when there was a knock at the door.  Miss Kelly
ordered me to get it, so i crawled to the door, and still on all fours, reached
up to open it.  Jenny and Stacy stepped in, patting me on the head as they
walked by.  Jenny was wearing a jade green silk nightgown, almost ankle length,
it was slit to the waist on each side, cut down the front so that her
bellybutton showed and backless except to a couple of ties to keep it on.  Stacy
was wearing a short, black, lace nightie, totally see through so that her
nipples were visible and so was the matching thong she wore.  They both kissed
Miss Kelly hello and complimented each other on how good they all looked.

Miss Kelly considered having me wear one of the other outfits i'd earned at the
store, but finally settled on her original choice.  She handed it to me and told
me i was allowed to stand and get dressed.  After i had the lingerie on, she
told me to put on my wrist and ankle cuffs and my black platform heels. 
Finally, she ordered me into the bathroom to put my makeup on. She sent me back
three times, saying i hadn't put enough on.  When i was done, she stood me in
front of the web cam and snapped a few pics, then had me look at myself in the
full length mirror on the back of the door.  The three of them all stood behind
me looking incredibly sexy, seeing myself in the mirror i realized i didn't look
sexy, i looked incredibly slutty.  The outfit was a thong teddy, with only a
strap around my neck, and one around my waist connect to the one running between
my asscheeks holding it on.  The front was light purple lace and see through. 
The worst part was that it didn't have bra cups, just straps that framed my
tits, leaving them bare, my nipples already hard.   The crotch also had a slit,
it wasn't obvious when i was standing, but it wouldn't be a problem at all to
fuck either my cunt or ass while i was wearing it.  Seeing myself in the mirror,
i thought about how far i'd come from a naive girl a few months before and
instead of being humiliated, i was excited.  My heart was racing at the idea of
getting to complete my assignment at the party.

Miss Kelly told me i looked like a perfect little whore and patted my ass.  A
thrill ran through me and i almost involuntarily cupped my tits and pinched my
nipples to make them stand out more.  Miss Kelly handed me a small evening bag
and told me not to dawdle, they'd be waiting at the party.  She, Jenny and Stacy
left, and after waiting about five minutes, i started out after them, alone.




Kelly's Slave Chapter 12

Walking across campus in the teddy, i tried to stay out of the light and off
main walkways.  Our school was pretty liberal and laid back, but getting caught
walking around with bare tits and ass would still get me in more trouble than i
wanted and draw too much administration attention.  Slipping through one of the
hedged in lawns, i ran into a kind of geeky looking guy coming back from the
library.  He noticed me at about the same time, and just stared.  Smiling, i
walked up to him, watching his eyes follow my bouncing tits.

Pressing myself against him, i ran a hand over his crotch feeling his stiff
cock.  Leaning close, i whispered in his ear, telling him that i'd love to feel
his cock in my wet cunt or tight ass.  As i leaned in and brushed his ear with
my lips, i felt a wet spot spreading on the front of his pants.  Kissing his
neck, i told him not to worry about it; i took a pen out of his pocket and wrote
my dorm and room on his hand and told him to stop by anytime.  Patting him on
the ass, i headed towards the party.  Everyone else i saw was in pajamas and
headed the same way, so i didn't get to stop and play again.

When i arrived at the party, i walked inside and instantly drew the whole room's
attention.  Most of the guys were in pajama pants and t-shirts, a few were
wearing silk pajamas and robes.  The girls wore a much wider range of outfits,
from flannel pajamas or sleepers with feet to sexy lingerie like Kelly, Jenny
and Stacy had worn.  From the stares and whispers, it was obvious that i was the
least dressed.  Immediately, there was a pack of guys surrounding me, offering
drinks and asking me to dance.  Following Miss Kelly's instructions i looked
around the room and picked out a target.  The girl was blonde and pretty, she
was wearing a grown up version of a little kid's sleeper, made of fleece and
with feet, it zipped up the front and had a buttoned flap over her ass.  Her
boyfriend was tall and muscular, he was wearing a tank top and plaid pajama
pants.  They were standing over in a corner, holding hands and talking.

As Miss Kelly had ordered, i headed straight for the couple.  Ignoring the girl,
i pressed myself against the guy, letting my bare tits rub against his arm as i
whispered in his ear. Letting my lips brush his face, i asked him if he would
get me a drink.  He stuttered and nodded yes, then walked over to the bar.  When
he was gone, his girlfriend stared at me, it was obvious she was furious but
couldn't figure out what to say.  He came back with a can of beer and handed it
to me.  Thanking him, i kissed him on the cheek.  His girlfriend grabbed his arm
and pulled at him, and i could hear them arguing as i walked away.

For the next couple of hours, i danced with different guys, letting them feel me
up and a few brave ones even took the chance to slip a finger into my pussy or
grope my tits.  Every time i needed another drink, i'd go back to the same guy. 
His girlfriend was getting angrier and angrier, she was also drinking lots of
shots and getting really drunk.  She started calling me names and telling me to
stay away from her boyfriend, but i just ignored her while he was fetching my
drink.

After a few more hours of getting fondled and grabbed, i moved on to the next
set of Miss Kelly's orders.  The guy who had been fetching my drinks was sitting
on a couch with his girlfriend, who was almost totally out from all she had
drunk.  Slipping away from the crowd of guys i had attracted, i walked over to
him and sat down on his lap.  Whispering in his ear i asked if we could go
somewhere more private.  He started to say something about his girlfriend, but i
told him it was fine if she came along too.  He smiled and nodded. 

As we helped his girlfriend stand up, i took the chance to unzip her outfit,
pulling the zipper all the way down to her bellybutton.  She didn't have big
tits, but she wasn't wearing anything underneath and they popped out as she
stood.  She didn't make any attempt to cover herself as the guy and i each took
an arm and guided her up the stairs to his room.

In his room, we laid her down on the bed and i wrapped myself around him,
forcing my tongue into his mouth.  He responded eagerly and we spent a few
minutes standing there kissing while his hands roamed over my body.  Finally, i
pulled away and walked to the bed, sitting down next to the nearly unconscious
girl.  Stroking her exposed tit, i asked if he wanted to have some real fun.  He
nodded happily as i lowered my head and took her nipple into my mouth, sucking
gently.  She moaned and lifted her chest up towards my mouth.  With one nipple
in my mouth, i ran my hand over her body, pinching her other nipple, then
sliding a hand down over her tight stomach and stroking her pussy until she was
moaning.

Standing again, i walked back to the guy, pulling his shirt off and lapping at
his chest, then sliding to my knees and jerking his pants down, allowing his
hard cock to pop free.  Smiling up at him, i took it in my mouth.   Squatting in
front of him, i bobbed up and down on his cock a few times, and then stood
again.  Slipping the straps of my teddy off my shoulders, i let it fall to the
floor and asked him what he'd like to do first, that i was his to command.  He
pushed me back onto the bed and said he wanted to see his girl and me together.

With his help, i got her pajamas off, and laid her back, looking at her naked
body.  Her tits were firm and her stomach was tight, there was only a small tuft
of light hair above her pussy.  Kneeling over her, i leaned down to kiss her
while my hands played with her tits.  She kissed me back eagerly, her tongue
thrusting into my mouth as she moaned and pressed herself up against my hands. 
Still playing with her hard nipples, i kissed my way down her body, hearing her
soft moans that turned to a gasp as i pushed my tongue into her wet pussy slit. 

She moaned and twisted under me as i licked, her hands rubbing her tits.  After
a few minutes, i felt the guy climb on the bed behind me and his hard cock
pressed against my own pussy.   Spreading my legs wider, i reached back to guide
him into me as i kept my tongue lashing down against his girl's clit.  She came
at least three times, twisting and moaning on the bed, before i felt his cock
jerk and spasm before filling my cunt with his cum.  He pulled out and collapsed
on the bed next to his girl, snoring almost immediately.  Smiling that he was
now out of the way, i crawled up his girls body, whispering in her ear what a
slut she was, cumming like that from a girl licking her pussy.   She moaned and
an unhappy expression passed over her face, but she didn't open her eyes. 
Reaching back between my legs, i scooped her boyfriends cum out of my cunt and
brought it to her mouth.  Repeating what a slut she was, i forced my fingers
into her mouth.  She didn't resist, taking them in and licking them clean,
moaning again in response to my other hand roaming over her body. 

Having completed Miss Kelly's first set of directions, i decided to try and
impress her.  Helping the girl sit up, i dressed her in my teddy.  She didn't
resist at all as i pulled it into place, framing her tits and pussy and then
helping her to her feet.  Leaving her boyfriend passed out on the bed, i led her
out of the room.  She didn't resist, but wasn't really awake either, and i made
sure to keep a hand on her tit or pussy the whole time.  As we walked back into
the party, everyone looked up, seeing her in the teddy and me nude, it was
obvious where we'd been and what had been going on.

Miss Kelly was standing with her boyfriend and a couple of other guys against
one wall, i guided the girl over to her, followed by a growing crowd of guys. 
Miss Kelly looked up as we approached and smiled. She pointed to her side, and i
knelt there, knees wide while the guys took a hold of the girl's arms, helping
her stand up.  One of the guys gave her a drink, holding it to her lips as she
drank, then pulled her against him and kissed her while his hands cupped her
ass.  She kissed him back, pushing herself against his body.  Miss Kelly
suggested they take it to a private room.  He smiled and nodded asking the girl
if she wanted to have some fun, she nodded drunkenly and he used her arm to
guide her back down the hallway, followed by a group of guys.

Miss Kelly patted my head, but otherwise ignored me while she continued to chat
with her boyfriend and other guys.  Beyond her little group, other guys that
hadn't gone with the first group gathered around, some of them being yelled at
by their girlfriends, a few getting pulled away by girls who were obviously
angry.  Some girls stormed out, leaving their boyfriends behind.  Miss Kelly
looked down and told me i was being very rude, teasing the guys and ruining the
last party of the year.

She suggested i take all the lonely boys somewhere and make sure they enjoyed
their last free night before finals started.  That was the cue to begin the
second part of my instructions, so i stood and walked into the middle of the
group of guys standing nearby, asking if anyone had a room we could use.  Two
guys grabbed me and guided me down the hall into a room, tossing me onto the
bed.  Falling on my back, i let my legs fall open and smiled up at them.

There was almost no hesitation as the first guy climbed on top of me, dropping
his pants and slamming his hard cock up into my cunt.  Wrapping my legs around
him, i rode him hard, pulling my body hard up against him.  It took almost no
time for him to cum, and even less for him to be replaced with another guy.  The
pattern continued, the guys apparently had no problem with using my cunt as it
filled with sperm, replacing each other as quickly as my hole was free.  After
the first few guys, i became much less active as my legs began to cramp and my
repeated orgasms blended into one continual spasm rushing through my body.

It barely registered when someone grabbed my hair and dragged me off the bed,
dumping me on the floor on top of a guy.  Wild eyed and insatiable, i grabbed
his cock and pushed it into my dripping cunt, fucking up and down on it.  The
feeling of another cock at the entrance to my ass made me pause as the second
guy easily slid himself into my ass and began fucking in and out.  Now filled in
both my cunt and ass, i looked up at the guys stroking their cocks and begged
them to fuck my mouth.  They complied quickly, two guys trying to force their
cocks in at once, gagging me.

It went on like that for a long time, guys rotating around my body, taking turns
in my three holes, using me hard.  The cocks in my mouth often tasted of my ass
or pussy, and they would force them deep to watch me fight for air or laugh as i
gagged and cum came out of my nose.  As the number of guys shrank, they tried
new things, forcing two cocks into my pussy at once and finally two into my ass. 
The pain of having my asshole stretched brought me out of the orgasmic trance i
had been in and i howled in pain.  Trying to crawl away from the agony, i clawed
at the floor, but the guys used their weight to hold me in place as the abused
my ass until their cocks jerked at the same time and flowed into my already full
ass.

Whimpering on the ground, i hoped they were done with me.  My orgasmic feelings
had been replaced by the throbbing pain in my ass and cunt.  My neck was also
sore from the cocks that had been forced down my throat and the hands that had
been wrapped around it.  My arms and legs ached from trying to hold my body up
and participate in my use, all i wanted to do was curl up in a ball and sleep.

Sleep wasn't what was in store for me though.  A hand grabbed my hair and
started dragging me out of the room, as i tried to get my legs under me. 
Finally, i gave up and just crawled as i was led into the hallway.  Raising my
head was too much work, but i followed obediently as i was led into another
room.  Using my hair, my head was pulled back and i saw the girl from earlier
lying on the bed, still wearing the remains of my teddy.  It looked like she'd
had a night as rough as mine, her face was caked with cum.  My hair was pulled
to guide me up onto the bed and i was ordered to lick her clean.

Groaning because i was so tired and just wanted to sleep, i leaned over her
prone form and began softly licking her face clean, trying not to wake her up. 
There were only a couple of guys in the room, but watching me work got them hard
again.  Instead of using my aching holes, they just jerked off and came on her
face again, forcing me to start over.  It seemed like it took hours before she
was finally as clean as i could get her.  When i was done, one of the guys took
my hair again and used it to guide me back into the hallway, leading me into a
utility closet and locking me in.  Happy just to be allowed to rest, i curled up
on the cold concrete floor and quickly fell asleep, the cum still dripping from
my holes.

It seemed like only a few minutes later that i woke up to someone poking me in
the side with their foot.  Opening my eyes, i looked up and saw Miss Kelly's
boyfriend.  He smiled and told me to get my lazy ass up, that i had a party to
get to.

Grunting at the pain in my arms and legs as i straightened them out, i started
to stand.  But, at a look from him, i slipped back to all fours and followed him
out into the hall.  He led me to the house's showers and watched as i washed the
majority of the cum and sweat off my body, he even let me wash my hair, kneeling
under the water.

When i was clean, he took me back to the closet.  Crawling down the hall, i
heard moans coming from one of the rooms.  He said something about how she just
couldn't get enough back over his shoulder, but i knew better than to ask
questions.  At the closet, he pulled out a black plastic garbage bag and cut
three holes in it.  Having me kneel up straight, he pulled it over me, putting
my head through one hole, and my arms through the other two.  He told me to
follow him again and led me to the front door.  From there he allowed me to
stand up and walk, the garbage bag just long enough to cover my ass. 

He led me to his car and had me get in, we drove for a little while, to a house
in town.  He told me to get out and knock on the door.  More than a little
frightened, and still stiff from the night before, i walked up to the door and
knocked hesitantly.  Happily, Miss Kelly was the one who answered the door,
wearing a bikini that showed off her beautiful body.

Immediately, i dropped to my knees in front of her. She looked down at me then
stepped aside and ordered me to crawl inside.  She led me out of the foyer into
the living room, there were about 12 other girls sitting around, all wearing
bikinis and staring at me.

Miss Kelly explained that these girls were at the party with their boyfriends
last night, but had to go home alone because i was such a slut and whore.  She
said she'd decided i should make it up to them, so she was going to let them
have me for the day.  She told me to take the garbage bag off, i did, showing my
swollen pussy and bruised and scraped body.

Miss Kelly told me to crawl into the other room and they'd join me in a minute. 
As i rounded the corner, i saw most of Miss Kelly's toys, and all her whips,
canes and crops laid out around the room.  Involuntarily, i shivered in fear of
what was going to happen.  Miss Kelly and the other girls followed me into the
room a couple of minutes later.  Miss Kelly ordered me to put on the wrist and
ankle cuffs on the table.  Crawling to them, i did as she ordered, fastening
them on.

Miss Kelly picked up a pair of long spreader bars and locked them to my wrist
and ankle cuffs, stretching me wide.  She made me lay on my stomach and worm my
way to the center of the room, then struggle to my feet, still spread wide.  She
ran a rope through an eyebolt in the ceiling and tied it off to the bar between
my wrists, holding me in place.  Then each of the girls picked up a whip or crop
or cane and stood around me in a circle.

Miss Kelly stepped in front of me and forced a penis gag into my mouth,
strapping it around my head and then pumping it up.  She stepped back and told
the girls to have fun.  Immediately, they started hitting me, not aiming or
taking turns but all striking at once all over my body.  My body jerking under
the blows, i screamed into the gag, unable to get away because of the rope
holding me to the ceiling.  Miss Kelly walked around the circle, giving advice
and guidance as i was beaten.  One of the girls, either on her own or with Miss
Kelly's advice, got the idea to bring her flogger up between my legs, hitting
both my sore asshole and pussy with a single stroke.  Others beat my tits, as my
whole existence became one wave of pain after another.

The next thing i knew, i was laying on the ground, still bound by the spreader
bars, my entire body on fire with pain.  Miss Kelly was holding smelling salts
under my nose while the others watched.  When i was awake, she stood up and told
me that i'd be staying for the rest of the day and that i should be a good girl. 
She said that someone would come by to pick me up that night. Without another
word, she walked out of the room.

One of the girls squatted next to my head and forced me to look into her eyes by
pulling my hair back.  She told me that last night was supposed to be a special
night for her and her boyfriend since they were both graduating, but instead
he'd spent the night fucking some whore and she had to drive home alone. 
Hearing my muffled attempt to talk, she took the bulb for the penis gag and
pumped it up until i was sure my jaw was going to break. She patted my cheek and
told me we were going to have plenty of fun today.

Two of the other girls brought over inflatable dildos and forced them into my
swollen cunt and ass, not bothering with any lube.  The pain was worse than the
beating i'd just taken and a thrashed on the ground as they forced them deeper
and deeper into me.  When they were all the way in, they began pumping them up,
each girl taking a turn.  Again, they kept pumping until i was sure my holes
would tear.  When they finally stopped, they flipped me onto my stomach and one
of the girls sat on my back to hold me in place.  They put the ballet boots Miss
Kelly had bought on my feet, forcing my feet into an extreme arch.  They undid
the spreader bar from between my ankles and ordered me to stand up.  With my
hands still bound to the spreader bar and my body aching from all the abuse, it
took me a long time to finally get up, the girls poking at me and calling me
names the whole time.

When i was finally standing unsteadily on my sore legs, the girls snapped a
short chain between my ankle chains.  The first girl, who i had heard the others
call Lori, twisted my nipples as she told me that they were all going to spend
some time out by the pool and i was going to be in charge of keeping their
drinks full and their sunscreen fresh.  Grabbing a hold of the inflation bulb
for the gag, she led me out back and let me see what i was going to have to do.

For the next four hours, i made trips back and forth to the kitchen, my calves
screaming in pain after only a little while, my holes aching as the dildos moved
inside me.  Carrying a tray with drinks and sandwiches, i served all of the
girls while they lay around the pool or played in it.  The only time i was
allowed off my shoes was when i knelt to rub sunscreen on for one of the girls,
but after an hour Lori realized i was getting some relief and ordered me to stay
on my feet from then on, bending over, legs straight to apply lotion.

As the sun went down, they moved inside.  Lori was obviously in charge and she
told me that since she had missed out on sex with her boyfriend i was going to
make it up to her.  She led me into one of the bedrooms and made me get up on
the bed.  She ran a rope from each corner of the footboard to my ankle cuffs,
removing the chain and tying my legs wide.  Then she pulled my arms behind my
back and laced an armbinder over them, pinning them together and securing it
with straps around my chest.  She said she couldn't stand to look at my face, so
she pulled one of my leather hoods over my face, lacing it down the back of my
head and securing the attached collar around my throat.  She didn't snap the
blindfold into place, because she wanted to see my eyes.  She opened a box and
held it up for my to see, it was full of small alligator clamps.

Taking her time, Lori put the clamps all over my tits, covering them and making
me moan into the gag each time.  When the box was empty, she strapped a harness
around my head and then attached a dildo so that it seemed to stick out of my
face.  Standing next to the bed, she pulled her bikini off and then climbed on,
her legs on either side of my face.  Grabbing my head with both hands, she
guided the dildo into her pussy and shoved me back and forth, fucking herself. 
After a couple of minutes, she told me to fuck her myself.  Moving back and
forth to fuck the dildo into her made my tits swing, and i could feel the clamps
biting deeper into my tits.  Lori lay back, rubbing her tits and stroking her
clit while i did all the work.  There was no way to judge time, but after she
had cum a couple of times, she pushed me away and stood up, walking into the
bathroom.  She came back with a washcloth and cleaned the dildo, then took her
time in removing the clamps, opening some and just yanking others off until my
tits were bare again and the box was full.  Then she put her bikini back on and
left without a backward glance.

A few minutes later, one of the other girls came in.  She also used the dildo to
get off, but she snapped the blindfold over my eyes before she started.  When
she was done, she left without saying a word.  The same thing was repeated over
and over, most of the girls left the blindfold on, some put the clamps back on
my tits, some didn't.  Finally, i was left alone and could hear muffled voices
from the other room.  The last girl had left the blindfold on, so i couldn't see
anything, but i did hear someone come in and untie me from the bed.  The
blindfold and the armbinder weren't removed, but the dildo was, then i was led
out of the room using the gag's inflation bulb as a leash.

The cool air let me know that we'd gone back outside and a hand on my shoulder
guided me down to my knees.  The blindfold was pulled off and i saw that all the
girls were standing around me, some were naked and some were still wearing their
bikini tops, but none had the bottoms on.  Lori shoved me over so i was laying
in the grass, then stood over me and flipped me onto my stomach, quickly
removing the armbinder and then clipping the cuffs on my wrists together before
i could do anything.

She rolled me back over, so i was looking up at her.  She leaned down and told
me that there was one more thing she wanted to do before they let me go, then
she squatted over my face and began pissing, soaking my face and hair with it. 
After she was done, she stepped away and the next girl took her place.  They
each took a turn, pissing all over my body until i was soaked and stank of piss. 
When the last girl had finished, Lori leaned close, her face twisted at the
smell, and told me to crawl over to the gate and wait out front for my ride.  As
i tried to struggle up and do what she said, she kicked me hard in the side
until i managed to finally struggle up.

Still plugged by the dildos and gag, the hood covering my face, my wrists cuffed
behind my back and the boots making my calves and feet throb i struggled through
the gate.  The stench of urine was overpowering as i tried to conceal myself
behind the hedges while i waited for whoever was coming to pick me up.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ashley


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





