BDSM Library - Ravaged




Ravaged
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kelly was brought to the Dungeon and greeted by a dozen men and women, and received some royal treatment performed by them.
RAVAGED: BY MELLANIE HEWLITT



This is a true story of a personal experience I shared with my senior law
partner during law school pupilage days. For obvious reasons names of characters
below are fictitious. Otherwise all events are true and accurate.


I was then 24 years old and was scheduled to be married in 3 short months to my
high school flame Desmond. Desmond was an accountant and whilst we have been in
love and enjoyed regular sex, I had always wondered what sex would be like with
another man. The opportunities were plenty for casual sex in thee office, my
looks appealed to many male colleagues in the office. I was not tall, 1.72
meters, of fair complexion with long black hair, a slight figure (I weigh only
48-50kg), angular face and a petite body, with long leg/arms and small, firm
breasts.


But sex in the office was out of the question given my catholic background (and
parents). So I had resigned myself to my fate. That was until I received a
surprise invitation by Jeff Smith, the senior partner (and office playboy) for a
farewell dinner. Jeff had told me that the office had organized this for me in
appreciation of my handwork with the law firm. And suspecting nothing amiss, I
agreed.


I should have been alerted to foul play when no one at the office seemed to be
aware of the farewell dinner. Jeff said it was a ��surprise�� and being the
trusting fool that I was, I believed him. When he met me in my cubicle on Friday
night, he even insisted that he had to blindfold me as I was not supposed to
know the location of the restaurant. This he did in his car.


After what seemed like a 25 minute journey, we pulled to a stop and I was guided
into a room. It was uncomfortably warm and humid and there was the unmistakable
scent of sweat and semen in the air. My pulse raised as I heard alien voices and
I enquired��.��Where are we Jeff, what is this place?��. Jeff reassured me we
were in a ��Theme Restaurant��.


My blindfolds were drawn tighter as no-longer gentle hands pushed me roughly
onto a damp smelly mattress and forced my hands above my head and handcuffed
them to the bed posts. I heard the woman��s voice again:


Woman: ��She is gorgeous Jeff, just where do you find them, so young, lithe, so
beautiful.��

Jeff: ��I do what I can to please you. You have the goods, now I need the crack
as agreed Monica��

Monica: ��Its in cellar, going already, why not stays for the main event?��

Jeff: ��No thanks, the less I know of what goes on in the Dungeons, the
better,��

A door slammed and in that instance I felt so alone. I knew from the voices that
there were at least 4 people in the room, but as the blindfold was removed, I
was horrified to be greeted by a silent audience of at least 5 men and 6 women
all surrounding me as I lay bound to a huge four poster bed. An overhead ceiling
mirror presented a reflection of myself on the immense bed. They were all old,
above 60 at least and all of them were naked. A sense of utter revulsion crept
through me as I gazed upon their old and frail bodies.



A woman moved toward and spoke, I recognized her voice as Monica;


Monica: ��Welcome to the Dungeon Kelly, you are our honoured guest. I can see
why Jeff demanded such a big haul of crack for an exquisite creature like
you��..��

Me: ��Who are you, why are you doing this to me, what do you want???��

Monica: ��Questions questions, here we ask the questions, and you answer. Don��t
be afraid, no physical harm will come to you, afterall you are the main event
for this evening��

I turned my head and my gaze fell upon pair after pair of hungry eyes, and they
were all staring openly, lustfully, at my body and me. I was disgusted when I
noticed that one old bespectacled man was actually trying to peek up my black
skirt between my legs. I squeezed both legs tighter and writhe away.


��She looks good enough to eat�� one croaked


��Me first�� shouted another


And they all edged closer to the bed. I could feel their putrid stale breath and
another waive of revulsion swept through me.


Monica: ��Now now Kelly will be available for all, for the entire of this
evening, so there is no need to rush. Without further delay, let us all proceed
with the meal��

As the import of her words dawned upon me, I let loose an ear piercing scream.
Immediately a gag was fastened over my mouth. Firm hands removed my blouse, bra,
stockings and skirt. I put up a valiant struggle as they had neglected to secure
my legs. But there were just too many of them. Layer after layer of clothing was
removed, and as my panties, the last shred of cloth was torn away, they all
collectively stood back to admire their handy work.


Never had I felt so vulnerable and humiliated. I could feel thee cold air
brushing against the bare skin of my body. Tears of anger welled up in my eyes.
Monica noticed and moved forward.


Monica: ��Do not be afraid, I did say that not one hair on your exquisite body
will bee harmed, and we will keep that promise. You see, all our err��diners
here have a penchant for a common sweet dessert, we all believe that the body of
a beautiful girl should be savored and experienced in the flesh.. I would advise
you to relax and enjoy this very unique experience��


I gave a weak kick, token resistance, as my legs were parted and handcuffed to
each bed post. The old bespectacled man approached first. I could see the drool
from his toothless old gums as he ran his fingers over my breasts. He seemed the
oldest and most senior.


Monica: ��Oh forgive me I forgot the introductions, this is Judge Bentley from
Europe, he is very wealthy and has paid a kings ransom to be the first to
worship your temple. He fell in love from the moment he first saw your
photograph.

I could hear the Judge utter under his breath, ��exquisite exquisite, skin so
fair and smooth, so soft, , and so lithe a young body��, he curled his tongue
around my left nipple and began to gently suck, lick and taste. Then he moved to
the right breast.



��Leave some for us�� croaked an old woman.


To my utter horror, Monica said;


Monica: ��Judge Bentley, would you object if your wife joined you?��

The Judge did not reply as he sucked hungrily on my right nipple. Goose bumps
appeared on my skin as I felt the cold trail off saliva he left across my
breasts. Inspite of myself, I could feel my nipples growing taut and erect. I
felt flushed and breathless.

I sensed, rather than saw, the old woman join her husband, she took her place
between my open legs. She kissed and caressed my inner calves with here
lips��.��so fragrant, soft and smooth�� she muttered. Slowly but surely she
worked her way toward my vagina. Paused for awhile, and then started licking
hungrily between my legs. I closed my eyes as I tried to fight the waves of
sweet torment that fed through my body. In spite of myself, I felt my entire
body giving in to the experience. Every fibre on my body seemed charged with
electricity.



Sensing a change Monica gently removed my gag and said��.��If you behave, this
stays off��


��Please stop������ I croaked weakly ��I cant take anymore of this��

Monica smiled ��you don��t sound very convincing, besides, this is just the
beginning Kelly�� With that she beckoned to another 2 men and they eagerly
mounted the bed. The Judge had turned his attention to licking my stomach, and
the lips of the two men replaced his on each of my nipples.


I felt degraded and humiliated and tried to ignore the delicious sensations that
were infiltrating every pore of my body. The sweet torment and assault on my
body and its senses sent me spiraling on a vertigo. My body was bathed in a fine
sheen of perspiration and saliva.


While hiss wife continued to explore the increasingly moist folds off my vagina,
Judge Bentley moved his tongue, mouth and nose to my upper arms, then lingered
unbearably at my left armpit as he inhaled the musky odor, ��ahhh��so fragrant��
he uttered and continued his exploration of my sweetly tortured body.


I was overcome with shame as I realized that I was unable to voluntarily reject
the sinful and morally degrading acts that were performed on my body. From deep
within me I felt the first tell-tale signs of a damm building up. Slowly but
surely the Orgasm crept closer.


I tried to shut my mind, body and senses off, tune out the delicious waves that
rushed towards me. But it was hopeless. I felt hands, tongues, and fingers
everywhere, on my face, my breast my inner thighs, my feet, my vagina��.they
were everywhere.


Through my half closed eyes I suddenly noticed that the rest of the congregation
had joined in thee feasting. The scene from the ceiling mirror which gazed back
at me looked like a pack of vultures descending on helpless prey. They
surrounded me from head to foot.


An old woman licked my left ear, another kissed my neck and moved to my chest. I
jerked violently as a wet warm tongue suddenly found the already hard and
aroused nub of my clitoris, tickling it further, teasing it relentlessly and
unbearably. Again and again the persistent tongue flicked over the highly
aroused nub, delaying the sweet torment. And then it came, ��No.NOOOOO���� I
cried hopelessly as the dam burst, wave after wave of pleasure engulfed me. My
back arched, my body convulsed and I clenched the fist of both hands as I rode
the crest of the wave. It had been months since my last orgasm, but never had I
ever experienced one, which approached this intensity and magnitude. The old
woman seemed to redouble her efforts as she attempted to cover my entire vagina
with her mouth.


Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, my tortured body returned to the
bed, I breathed a sign of relieve believing the worst was over. My body felt
spent, totally exhausted and drained of energy, covered in a fine sheet of
perspiration. I noticed that several old men, including the Judge, had
ejaculated all over me and the bed. Every pore of my body was covered in sweat,
semen and saliva. The sickly musky odor of sweat and semen filled the room.


Vaguely I became aware as Monica glanced up from between my legs. At some time
during the ordeal she had replaced the old woman. She looked at her watch and
smiled����.��not bad in just over an hour��..but we still have the rest of the
night��.

I looked back at her in disbelieve, ��I cannot go on����..I will die��


She laughed and said ��What about our remaining diners who are still hungry?��

Whilst the Judge and wife and the two original old men had retired to the side
of the bed, I realized that Monica and the remaining ��diners�� were not through
yet. Ever so gently Monica continued to tease the wet folds of my Vagina with
her tongue, whilst someone else undid my leg cuffs, opened my leg wider and
lifted my buttocks of the bed. I could feel a tongue and mouth teasing my anal
orifice.


I drifted in and out of consciousness as the assault continued on my body.
Blurred faces drifted in and out of my vision. I was distantly aware that my
handcuffs were also undone as they turned me over on my front, and later on my
back.


As my limp body was caressed and prodded over and over again, to my amazement I
felt the inner stirring again, from deep within me. It was slower this time, and
stronger. Monica seemed to notice and said��.��it will take longer for your
second orgasm, but it will be more intense as you have already come the first
time��

I was brought to the very edge, and suspended there for what seemed like an
eternity. The bed sheets were drenched with a mixture of sweat, semen and
saliva��..Monica continued teasing my clitoris, gently flicking it with her
tongue. Two women were caressing and kissing both my breasts. My sore nipples
again became erect����.

The waive came again, even more intense and powerful. My body convulsed in
spasms, totally unaccustomed to such intense hedonistic pleasure, as the orgasm
took hold. To my horror, none of them stopped their ministering, again and again
Monica��s tongue repeatedly teased my aroused clitoris. The


And then I realized that this was no ordinary orgasm. There seemed like no end
in site as each wave of pleasure was replaced by another wave of higher
intensity and urgency. Wave after wave washed over me in ever increasing
intensity with no end in sight. With a shock I realised I was experiencing
multiple orgasms. At long last, the sensations overwhelmed my overextended
senses and I blissfully lost consciousness.

It was morning when I opened my eyes. The room was empty. I lay spread eagled on
thee immense bed. In rumpled soiled shits. I felt dehydrated and thirsty, and my
body felt battered and bruised. But Monica had been true to her words, I was
otherwise unharmed.. The soiled sheets stuck like mud to my back and I painfully
crept out of bed. I found the bathroom, showered and retrieved my clothes from
the floor.



-THE END-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mellanie Hewlitt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





