BDSM Library - Fit Family 3 (Running on the spot, Begin)




Fit Family 3 (Running on the spot, Begin)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bianca and her family, held captive and now forced into more humiliation than they could ever had imaged. 
                            Part of the Fit Family set.

      A thank you to the 22,000 hits in August  on the first two Fit Family
stories, to those who enjoyed it here is number 3 for those who didn��t, you
know where the back arrow is.




Fit Family 111 (Running on the spot, Begin)



Jed and Alan stood in the middle of the gym, Bianca was laying over the bench
her hands and arms tied tightly behind her, her face splattered with Jed��s
cream, Anita was still crying over by the wall, Jade and Lauren were on their
knees staring at their mother��s backside and again at her dripping well fucked
hole, Trudy hung from her ropes trying to stand making an effort not to strangle
herself. Alan grabbed at Henry as Jed told him, "Get rid of the mutt for a
while, stick him in an empty room, there's fucking hundreds of them, if he
shit`s it up, tuff, I need a drink before we get these fuck bunnies cleaned up.
Christ that fucking bitch nearly wore me out, anyway I��ll tie her up and meet
you later", Alan took the dog out as Jed tied Bianca`s ankles together then
pulled them up tight, looping the rope to her wrist��s, "Can��t have you leaving
me, not the way you fuck and suck, it��s only Saturday night and tomorrows
Sunday", he looked round at all the bound females, grinning, "Oh and by the way
ladies don��t get excited, it sure ain`t gona be no day of rest for any of you".
As he got up to leave he looked at them, "Got to make the most of the fucking
time available and I do mean fucking".

Jed meet up with Alan and both of them found some cans of beer and sat in the
kitchen chewing chunks of meat from the fridge while laughing about the fun they
were having. In the gym there was a thump as Bianca moved herself off the bench,
when she got her breath back she called to Anita. Slowly the two of them inched
themselves toward each other by slithering across the wooden floor. Bianca and
Anita lay back to back as Bianca`s fingers tore at the tape, she told the young
girl to keep moving her wrists, slowly Anita could move, her hands were
beginning to slip through the tapes suddenly the young girl pulled and her right
arm was free. She tore at the other arm and pulled the tape off, Bianca rolled
on to her stomach, and scampering to her feet Anita found the holding knot and
started to release her aunt. Bang, the door swung open and before she knew it
she was being held up in Jed's grip, he half deafened her as he bellowed, "Alan
get your ass in here, now", Alan was in like a shot, "What the fuck", Jed swung
the naked girl at him, "Grab her and get her over to the wall��. Anita struggled
and screamed for Trudy as they tied ropes to each wrist and slammed her face
forward to the wall tying her wrists to the nails that only half an hour ago had
held Bianca`s neck, then her ankles pulled wide and tied to the lower nails, the
naked girl, now held spread eagled against the wall sobbed pitifully.

Jed dragged Bianca up and pushed her between her sisters legs turned her round,
bent and pinched a nipple hard, "So you didn��t want to play with us any-more,
didn��t want your girls to have the pleasure of our company, shall we show you
what they would have been deprived of had your little plan succeeded". He got up
and grabbed Lauren and pushed her to the floor on her back, as her wrists were
bound to her ankles it made it easy for him to part her legs, he motioned Alan
to take Jade and he soon had her on her back the same way, "Hello girls this is
just for your mothers sake", he knelt between her legs and pulled his rampant
cock out from his boxers, laid his full weight on her and drove it hard up her
dry cunt. Her cheeks blew out as she tried to scream through the gag, her eyes
watered with pain and whimpering noise��s moaned in her throat. Seconds later
Jade was doing the same as both men fucked their helpless bound victims as hard
as they physically could, enjoying the pain they were inflicting, turning to
smile at their mother every time they thrust their meat all the way up.

The virtuosity of the attack meant they couldn��t hold themselves for long and
soon both men had pumped their young beauties full. They stood looking down at
the freighted sobbing girls then they turned their eyes to their mother, "See
what happens when you annoy us, it was lucky for them that you kept your mouth
shut or I would have bitten a nipple off, Alan go get them cleaned up, no need
to rush I have some thing special for big tits". Alan dragged the two girls out,
Jed smiled at the two women and bent to pick up the strap, slowly he walked
towards Anita, she started to cry again, her bottom wiggled just the way Jed
liked it, his arm drew back and he gave her something to cry about, right up
between her spread legs, she howled, then again and again, she wanted to scream
but only air came out of her strangled throat, 4 then 5, it was to much for the
women Trudy screamed at him to stop, he spun round glaring at her, "Why should
I, you want to take her place, "Trudy cried "Yes, for god sake yes, do anything
to me but spare her", he let the strap drop and an evil smile crossed his lips,
"Anything, anything do you know what that means," she let her head drop and
said, "Yes". He went to the door and shouted, "Alan get your ass back in here
and take big tits for a clean up, tie their wrists and elbows, gag them, have
yourself some fun with them, I��ll see you later", Alan came back and took Anita
while Jed hobbled the women and tied their wrists and elbows and walked them out
the gym.

He feed them again this time he could stand between them while he humiliated
them in to wiggling their ass`s as he fingered them, over and over he whispered,
"Anything, anything", Alan came in and found some chocolate he said it was for a
little interesting snack for the girls, it wasn��t until Jed had cleaned the
women up and walked them back that he saw Alan having him self some fun, he had
the girls laid in a triangle, each pretty little face in between open legs
making them suck the chocolate bars out of each others cunts, Jed let Alan have
his fun and it was comical to have the women stand there and watch what their
daughters were being forced to do. Jed suddenly announced "O K fun time over,"
and went to Alan, pulled him to one side and whispered.

The three girls were forced on to their knees, Anita��s wrist��s tied to her
ankles, Jade and Lauren had their wrist bound in front of them, a rope around
their waist then down to their ankles, the way they were tied kept them all in
the kneeling position. After they were regagged each one was carried to the
apparatus, Lauren and Jade ether side of Anita, then the bar lowered, Jade and
Lauren with their wrist��s tied forced to hold the bar. Jed had a length of rope
with two slip knots ether end that he looped around both of Anita��s tit`s, he
pulled the loops tight and her tit`s ballooned out then he tied it to the centre
of the bar, a weight was added,�� There as long as the girls hang on to the bar,
big tit`s will keep her big tit`s, if not she will have very long tit`s", he
laughed at the pathetic sight and said,�� Good-night girls,�� He turned to Trudy
and Bianca,"O K you two out��, they marched the women out, their pleading looks
meant nothing to the men.

They ended up in the lounge for a drink, they had the women kneeling in front of
them, Jed was stroking the naked Bianca like a pet, he looked at her tweaked a
nipple and said that it was time to go upstairs there was something he was
curious about, they climbed the stairs, Jed, his arm around Trudy, one hand busy
pulling a nipple and a bottle in the other, he whispered, "Can��t wait for a bit
of any-thing can you��. Alan came up his arm behind Bianca pushing his finger up
ether her cunt or her ass as she climbed the stairs, she tried quietly to ask
him about the girls he smiled,�� They will be there until we or should I say you
have done the business and I��m in the mood for a good time, hope you are��.
They entered the bed room,�� Sit down ladies��, both women sat on the bed, Alan
watched Jed as he started to go through the bedroom draws, "Mmmmmmm that's what
I was looking for��, he pulled out some very nice lingerie, then stockings, he
went to the wardrobe and found high-heels,�� I thought a sexy piece like you
would have the gear to go with a body like that��, he pulled out a black
basque," And sis should fill these out very nicely as well, O K ladies lets have
you tart you selves up for our fun night, one at a time and no funny business
or, well you know us".

Jed told Alan to watch them as he untied Bianca, telling her to do everything
she was told unless she wanted him to go back to the gym. Her hands were freed
so she could be the first to make-up, do her hair and put on what had been
chosen for her, as she did Jed continued his investigating of the rooms. When he
returned he let out a long low whistle, both women were retied but sat ether
side of the bed looking stunning in hold up lace trimmed stockings and high
heels, Trudy��s stockings were white against a black basque she wore, it fitted
just under her tit`s and down to her ass then Alan had made her put on a black
thong and pull it up really high between the cheeks of her ass and her cunt
lips, her flaxen hair back up in it��s pony tail and her face lightly made up.
His eyes moved to Bianca who had on similar stocking but dark she had red pants
that had a wide lacy waist band but a very small crutch piece, the matching half
bra let you see the top of her nipples as it pushed her tit`s up, her hair
bobbed around her shoulders they looked unbelievable as they sat there in forced
silence, but their faces visible changed when he showed Alan a pouch he had
found. He smiled at them," No need to speak but I see we like a little snort on
the white powder don��t we, a bit of the old oaky cocky and not content with
that, a little wacky backy too, got quite a stash and I bet it��s good stuff,
only the best for them that can afford it, do the girls know that mum does the
happy drug scene, I think not".

He threw the pouch to Alan as he sat between the women, Alan looked in,"Fuck me,
there��s loads of it, 5 no 6 packs of coke and fuck me, what a roll of wacky, we
could make a fortune in the nick if we had this much��. Jed laughed��, Look out
side the door,�� Alan opened the door and found a video on a tripod,"Fuck me��,
Jed shouted at him,�� For fuck sake stop saying fuck me, this is what rich
people have, I just took some nice shots of the girls, you��d be amazed at what
I found in some of the rooms��. He put both his hands out, stretched and put one
on Bianca`s knee, one on Trudy��s and stroked up-wards,�� You enjoying our
visit, I bet these are,�� he reached their pussie`s and gave them a squeeze,��
Never had so much attention or have they, I wonder what you rich people do for
kicks, there must be more then the likes of us playing with these beauties,�� He
grabbed at both their tit`s", smiling at both of them,�� I see you��ve learnt
not to speak, pity I would like a good reason to turn your pretty ass`s red,
still maybe later, after all, we have found a better use for your cupie-doll
mouths, "Alan laughed at that but Jed continued,�� Alan roll me a couple of
joints make them big and fat, now we are all friends the girls would like a
smoke, wouldn��t you��, the women looked freighted and shook their heads, "Oh I
think you would, because if you don��t I know three little popetts who will".

Jed got up and walked over to Alan who was rolling the joints,�� We are going to
have some fun with these lovely fuck bunnies tonight��, Alan looked concerned��,
You forget about the youngens", Jed grinned back,�� No, when I took some shoots
of them I had them pose and lick each other, then I left them tied but they can
sleep, I ain`t finished fucking them little darlings yet and I certainly
haven��t finished with big tit`s, but we ain`t telling them that��. Jed turned
to the women and aimed a well filled joint at Trudy,�� Here you go darling��, he
went to stuff it in her mouth, as Alan did the same to Bianca, Jed suddenly
stopped grabbed Trudy��s jaw and squeezed, "Look at these lips, I keep telling
you how beautiful they are, lets have them redder, get some lipstick,�� Alan
looked through the draws and found what they wanted, he read ", Erotic Flame��,
Jed snatched it from him,�� Pout them lips sweetheart��, Jed grabbed Trudy��s
head and shook it until she pursed her lips, then kissed her hard, still holding
her pony tail he plastered her lips until they were glossy red, Alan did the
same to Bianca, then they stuffed the smokes in their mouths and lit them.

With their hands tied, Alan and Jed were in complete control, they left the
smokes in their mouths forcing them to keep the fumes moving, Alan held Bianca`s
nose and covered her mouth, holding the joint in between his fingers and firmly
between her lips, she was taking a full amount in to her, Jed did the same with
Trudy then they would let go, they coughed and sputtered, taking even deeper
breaths the joints didn��t last long, Alan rolled two more and they were forced
to do it all over again. As they finished the second their eyes glazed and they
seemed distant, Jed got the white powder, poured it in to the palm of his hand,
then like snuff, he pushed it up Trudy��s nose, she was so spaced out that she
just breathed it in, as Alan did the same to Bianca, Jed went outside and
brought in another bag, sat back beside Trudy and with-in minutes the women were
giggling and starting to talk.

Jed ran his hand up the inside of her leg and started to finger her cunt,
"Who��s a sexy girl��, she looked at him,�� Your a nasty man, because you hurt
me, didn��t you, it was you, wasn��t it, I��m confused��, Alan watched them
while he played with the stupefied Bianca`s tit`s. Bianca just sat there letting
him do anything with a distant look on her face as she purred and pushed her
tit`s forward and in to his hands. Jed carried on talking to Trudy,�� No that
wasn��t me, I like you��, she slurred her answer,�� Who are you are you, I bet
your a friend of Frankie��s", still Jed fingers pushed in around her cunt and it
was getting wet, "Frank, is it the same Frank you know, tell me all about your
husband��, Trudy parted her legs a little, giving him access, "Noooo I don��t
want to talk about Joseph, I��d rather talk about Frankie, sexy Frankie, what
I��d give to beee Isabel, lucky sexy bitch, hhaaa, sexy bitch, oh stop that,
your as naughty as Frank,ohhh", Jed's eyes gleamed at Alan, who was half
listening while now positioning the giggling Bianca so he could work on her cunt
with his tongue. Jed pulled Trudy��s leg over his and started to push two
fingers up her slowly in and out, it was easy she was getting very wet, he
whispered,�� So it was Frank who was fucking you behind your old mans back��,
Trudy was behaving stupid like a childish school girl, "Ohhh I thought you knew,
you won��t tell any-one will you, ohh I like that, do that some more,
Pleeeeeasee do it some more�� Jed looked at Alan but he was enjoying himself
between Bianca`s legs, he had her red pants to one side and was licking at
another wet cunt, Bianca was squirming, jumping and giggling, she brought her
knees up and Alan slipped them over his shoulder, she crossed them behind him,
Jed could see he was in heaven so he went back to finger fucking the silly woman
with the intention of finding out more about Frank.

She was now rocking herself on his fingers, she moaned, "Don��t stop Frankie,��
when he pulled his finger out, he untied her from behind and retied her in
front, he kept asking her about Frank but she giggled,�� Only when you start
being nice to me again��, he positioned the bag behind her and went back to
fingering her wet slit slowly pulling her legs wider, "All right I��m being nice
to you again, when did Frankie start fucking you��, she went back to rocking on
his finger, she could now play with herself, her fingers rubbed at her clit,"At
the tennis club bashhh, miserable Joseph wouldn��t come so I went on my
own-ie-own, Isobel kept me company, she`sss a sexhy  bitch,it`s her fault, she
got me drunk and said I could sober up at their house, oohhhh do that some
more��, Jed moved the bag around and took out two golf balls and slid them into
his other hand, she was so wet he could push one up her,�� Go on what happened
at Frankie��s house��, she squirmed on the ball, "Oh yes, errrrr Frankie's
house, oohh that feels funny inside me, eerrr, it was Isobel who made me change,
she gave me that silly gown but she made sure I was naked under it, oohhh that's
funny, oh yes Isobel, she started kissing me and squeezing my tittie`s, I
didn��t know Frank was watching, oh what are you doing,�� Jed was pushing the
other golf ball up her, then he let the thong go and stood her up,�� Lets take a
walk while you tell me more".

She tottered round the room with Jed holding on to her he smiled knowing the
effect the balls up her cunt would be having on her, she kept wiggling and
moving the amount of OOHHHSS before she started again was annoying Jed he kept
saying to her, tell me more, but she had her tied hand��s down in her pants
playing with her clit and giggling, suddenly she carried on,�� She got me naked
and licked my tittles and pussie and I got all hot, Josephs not that good at
cunt sucking and I like my pussie licked, it`s nice, so I was enjoying it
,Frankie was taking pictures of us doing each other then he took his clothes off
and they both fucked me, they��ve been having fun with me ever since. Ohhh I
need Frank now, I need a fuck, will you be nice to me and fuck me��, Jed looked
at Alan sucking at Bianca`s cunt and quickly said,�� Untie her but keep her
hot��, he then whispered in Trudy��s ear,�� Is Frankie the only one fucking you
or are there more,�� Trudy still giggled,�� Sort of, some times,�� Jed pushed
on,�� You know your sister��, Trudy stared blankly at him,�� Your sister does
she fuck around", Trudy, now very glassy eyed and still rubbing her self hard
between the legs,�� Sister oh her, no, Todd��s doing her alright", she giggled
loudly, "He��s had his cock in my mouth a few times, dirty bastard, he��s always
up for a fucking, but forget about her, I have, I thought you were going to fuck
me, you said you would and my pussie needs something big and long and hard, be
nice to me��, Jed turned her to the bed "See that lady over there she wants to
fuck you, she wants your cunt in her mouth, wouldn��t you like that, go on kiss
her I bet she will let you��, he untied her arms and pushed her towards the bed
as Alan got off and left Bianca squirming her hips, looking incredibly sexy as
she held her cunt lips open ,Jed grabbed the camcorder.

Jed worked it like a pro, just as Alan went out of shot he started, Trudy
tottered towards the bed, dropped on it, the men watched as her beautiful body
slithered towards Bianca and their lips locked on to each other. The red
lipstick smeared over their hungry mouths as they devoured each other��s
tongues, Jed got some great shots of Trudy��s tongue being sucked in to her
sister��s mouth. Bianca`s hand pulling at Trudy��s tits and nipples as Trudy ran
her face, and a smear of red, down to Blanca��s cleavage. Trudy humped her cunt
on to Bianca`s thigh her knee stuck in to Bianca`s crutch as she ran trials of
cunt juice over the black stocking, Bianca rubbed her cunt on the knee stuck
between her legs, Jed got it all on film. The moment the men had been waiting
for, Trudy worked her way down to Bianca`s cunt and started to suck it, the bald
cunt was covered in lipstick as her tongue lapped at the open slit and tickled
the enlarged clit, the picture was complete as she turned around and planted her
knees ether side of Bianca`s head and lowered her dripping cunt in to Bianca`s
waiting mouth, now both cunts were Erotic red as their teeth pulled at each
others pants in a frenzy of open mouth licking. Their tongues pushed so far up
each other, lapping in wet juice, the amazing sight of the golf balls being
sucked out of Trudy��s sopping cunt and in to Bianca`s mouth was so much that
the men had to stifle their groans for the sake of the film, Jed knew he had to
get Trudy to mention Franks name.                                                  

He suddenly spoke,�� Isobel wants to be next, can you suck her for Frankie,
"Trudy, still sucking madly at Bianca`s thrusting hip said,�� As long as you do
what I asked you and fuck me hard��, Jed followed up with,�� Todd won��t mind
some-one fucking his favourite bit on the side,�� As her tongue slid up Bianca`s
slit she said, "I��ll give Todd an extra special blow-job, that always keeps him
happy, now fuck me hard��, Jed clicked the mute button before she said,�� And do
it as good as Frankie��. He set the video on the tripod, then told Alan to get
in to a fucking position, Alan looked at him,�� Do you want me to fuck her or
not,�� Jed shook his head,�� In a minute we will both be seeing to them but I
want to make sure they can��t see our face��s while I record, I��ve got some
plans for this tape, right that's perfect, just remember not to bend down��. Jed
moved to the bed, found the poach and took a pinch of the white powder, told
Alan to do the same, then moved towards the thrashing women, both now sucking
and licking out each others cunts, he looked at Alan,�� On the count of three,
1,2,3 they grabbed hair quickly pulling the lapping faces up and away and
stuffed the white powder up each women's nostril, held them still while they
could do nothing but inhale, moved them so they were in the middle of the bed
then shoved them back into each wet cunt and held them there until the giggling
and licking started all over again. Jed rechecked the camera then slid his
boxers off, Alan did the same.

Alan winked at Jed as they got behind both women, Jed whispered,�� Shall we ass
fuck the little darling��s while they continue their lap dance��, Alan nodded as
he pushed his cock at Bianca`s cunt only to have it licked by Trudy��s lapping
tongue, he let her lick it enjoying the sensation of her tongue on his balls
before positioning himself and sliding it in to Bianca`s prefect ass. Jed had
his cock sharing Trudy's cunt in Bianca`s open mouth before he pushed Trudy
further down on to Bianca`s face and thrust his cock in to Trudy��s ass-hole,
the women went in to over-drive, being ass fucked, licking each others cunts and
being high on the happy drugs, they were almost uncontrollable and the two men
had all on to hold them as the women bounced themselves in to orgasm after
orgasm.

The women squealed and screamed in to each other��s cum soaked cunts as Jed and
Alan filled their ass`s, they jerked viscously and then suddenly stiffed, first
Trudy collapsed, she fell forward and slid off Jed's cock then Bianca just lay
still, Alan panicked, "Fucking hell we��ve killed them��, Jed squeezed a nipple
and there was a slight moan,�� No they just switched off, you��ve seen that
inside when they��ve had enough dope, I don��t think they will remember much
when they wake up and we will help them forget the important bit��, Alan looked
quizzically at him, "Oh I��ll explain later but first let��s get them cleaned
up, and don��t worry it��s all part of a plan".

Alan and Jed cleaned the women up, washed the red lipstick off and redressed
them properly in their sexy underwear, then, tied their wrists behind them and
laid them out on the bed, obviously with their legs wide open, making sure their
pants were to one side forcing their slits to wink at them. Jed smiled at the
sight before he went downstairs and raided the fridge and cocktail cabinet, came
back up and he and Alan made themselves comfortable on the big bedroom chairs.
They ate and drank and replayed the video about a dozen times, laughing and
joking about the time they were having.

It was dark when they realized they had dropped off, the women were still
unconscious, their first thought was the girls, they were asleep where they had
been left tied, Jed and Alan woke them,�� Time to earn your keep, lets get you
cleaned up before you see your mums��, the ritual of the toilet and washing them
over, they were taken upstairs, even the light on didn��t wake the women, Jed
sat back in the chair and had the three naked bound girls stand in front of
him,�� We are having a little party, your mum��s enjoyed it but seemed to have
over-indulged so we thought you should join us, sort of take their place, if you
get my meaning so how��s about a little drink, just the five of us".

The girls looked at each other, petrified at what was happening as Jed unscrewed
the top of a Vodka bottle, he looked at them,�� Remember how you sucked our
cocks��, he waited for them all to nod,�� Then you will do the same with the
neck of the bottle and you will swallow what comes out, just as you do with
cocks, understand," before they had chance to nod, Alan grabbed Jade hair and
pulled it back, Jed stood up and leered at the defenceless girl,�� Open up��, he
inserted the neck of the bottle in to her mouth and tilted the bottle up. Jed
watched her swallow about four times then took it away the two men repeated the
same thing with Anita and Lauren. Jed had Lauren on his knee and Alan took Jade,
both men enjoyed playing with the soft skin of their two young captive,
squeezing tit`s pulling nipples and sliding their fingers up and down the
hairless slit, it was Alan who suggested that Anita open her legs as he slid
Jade off his leg bent her forward and told her to lick at Anita��s slit, Jade��s
lovely firm young ass then became his play thing, tickling between her legs or
groping the hanging tit`s. Anita��s face went from one of horror to a slight
silly grin, then a giggle as the alcohol took over, Lauren started to sway on
Jed��s knee as he continued to excite the little pussie on his lap, Jed nudged
Alan,�� Time for a drop more��, and the dosage was repeated. Now the girls were
really giggling and squirming around as the men played more and more with their
bodies, Jed reached over and got the poach, took a little on the end of his
finger and touched it on the end of Jades nose, by now the girls thought it
funny to have these white dabs on their nose and sniffed at it. Five minutes
later they were laughing, rolling around the floor, legs open, showing their
naked pink slits, Jed and Alan knew it was time for some fun and untied them.

They had the girls sat on the floor teaching them the lap, lap song, making them
flick their tongues very quick making silly noise��s, picking Anita up they
pushed her towards her mother laying on the bed, forced her between the open
legs and made her do the song while stuck up her mothers cunt, he had the video
running, then it was Jade��s turn between Bianca, the women's faces
involuntarily moaned, Jed thought perfect, by now they were really drunk not
knowing what was happening, the next video shot was Anita on her back lap,
lapping Laurens cunt as she sat on her face with Jade lapping at Anita��s
cunt,all smiles for the camera. Next they had Jade and Lauren each sucking
Anita��s tit`s while playing with her ass and cunt, watching all this they both
had a hard on fit to bust, Jed switched the video off and sat back in the chair
he had his evil look back,�� Come here girls, you,"he grabbed Anita,�� Play with
this,�� he gripped her hand and put it round his cock,"Thats it up and down,
don��t forget to tickle it underneath, now lick it like a lolly, oohh yes, do
you like it,�� Anita giggled,"It`s funny��, Jed pulled her towards him,�� It may
be funny but soon it��s going to be stuck so far up your ass it will tickle your
tonsils, Alan let��s fuck the little beauties, you can have the other two but I
want big tit`s".

Alan held the girls by the arms and dragged them to their room, Jed slung Anita
over his shoulder and went to one of the spare room and dropped her on the bed,
he lay next to the smiling girl,�� Tell me have you got far to go, when you go
home��, Anita half drunk,"Nooo, nooo not far at all, just the other side of the
willage", Jed pressed on,�� What��s the name of your house and is it by it��s
self or in a row��, Anita tried to look at him,"EErrr, yes it��s called Moorings
it��s by the river, off, eerr you know the long lane past the thingy, the mill,
a bit past St Cuthbert's church,why",Jed bent down and whispered in the drunk
girls ear,�� So I can come by and fuck you and your mummy again��, the girl was
slowly slipping in to a drunken stupor,�� That��s  not nicee",Jed started to
squeeze her big tit`s,"It ain`t going to be nice but I��m going to enjoy you two
again, but lets forget about that, that��s for later,I`m going to enjoy you
right now ",his fingers left her tit`s pulled her legs apart and disappeared up
her, his mouth took the place of his fingers as he sucked and bit at the gorges
nipple, she moaned and squealed ,"Your hurting me��, his fingers left her cunt
and gripped her tit,his other hand went behind her head and pulled it forward,��
Suck your own fucking nipples then" ,she had no choice but to put her tongue out
and start licking her own nipple, he let go of her head,�� Grab both your tit`s
get your lips around them and suck them nipples hard��, the half drunk girl, now
petrified of what he might do to her held her tit`s and started licking and
sucking at her nipples,�� And don��t stop until I tell you, now open your
fucking legs wide, show me your lovely cunt so I can have it��, he held his
weight up above her by keeping his arms straight, pushed his cock up her and
smiled down as he fucked her, his eyes watching her suck her own tit`s.

Alan had remembered what Jed had told him, it was about the fun he had in the
summer house earlier using the two girls so it didn��t take him long to drag the
giggling Jade and Lauren in to a 69 having them sucking away at each other while
he used every hole they had on offer just for his own pleasure, fucking first
one ass then the other then a mouth next a cunt all this with two active tongues
keeping him wet and he went at it for half an hour before he filled Jade��s
cunt, then to finish with he shoved both of them on the bed and got between
them, had the two girls lay at his waist and watched the two blond heads bobbing
around cleaning his cock with their tongues before they lapsed in to a drunken
sleep. He pushed them aside and went in search of Jed, he found him with Anita,
she was bent over the end of the bed almost unconscious, it wasn��t bothering
him as he banged up her ass, keeping her impaled on his dick by pulling himself
on to her with the tit`s he couldn��t seem to get enough of. Alan didn��t have
to wait long before he saw his mates face grin as he pumped her ass full, he
held the unconscious girl while he emptied himself completely in her and then
just pushed her forward, letting her slid off his cock, he looked at Alan,��
Like mother like daughter,�� he pointed and laughed as he let her lay there with
his juice dribbling from her swollen ass-hole.

The men sat back in the bedroom, the women hadn��t moved so they just admired
their tit`s sticking up as they lay on their backs with wide-open legs. The men
emptied a few cans, Jed looked over to Alan,�� I think that went well, now it��s
time to get them all back, tied nicely for when they wake, I don��t think they
will remember to much and we must get some sleep ourselves after all we have got
to come up with some fun ideas for tomorrow, I think it would be wise for us to
leave before Todd arrives back, pity I was just beginning to enjoy this life
style, but all is not lost I do have something up my sleeve that may make life a
little more fun, any-way that��s for later, for now lets get them tied, my cock
needs a rest and I��m bushed".

The women woke to the squeals of their daughters, they fought to think, their
minds confused from the drugs plus they were naked again bound hand and foot,
something was in their mouth held in by tape, they couldn��t do anything but lay
there making stupid mumbling noises through their sealed mouths wondering what
was happening. Suddenly the bathroom door opened and the three girls rushed in
to the room their arms fastened behind them, soaking wet and Alan and Jed,
roaring with laughter, after them, flicking wet towels at the naked girls, they
stopped when they saw Bianca and Trudy were awake, Jed came over to them,�� Good
morning mum��s, you don��t mind if we wake the girls up with a nice cold shower,
don��t know what they did last night but they looked like a bag of shit this
morning, anyway how are you, come on lets have you up,�� they untied their legs
and hoisted them off the bed, the two women found it difficult to stand, Jed
went behind them and put his arms around each waist�� Looks like you had a bit
of a party yourselves, your not very fit for a sporty family are you, what do
you think Alan,�� the three girls cowered in the corner as Alan went up to their
mothers and squeezed at their tit`s,"Mmmm maybe some morning exorcises would be
in order, I know, maybe a run around the garden,�� Jed smiled from behind the
bound women, his hands moved down to the round firm ass`s and gave them a
pinch,�� You fancy a run,I`m sure with a little encouragement you could move
these��, Alan squeezed at the round globes, pulling a nipple in each hand,�� And
these will bounce a treat, and what about big tit`s,now that's got to be worth
seeing".

It was a clear blue sky but there was a cool wind as the men pushed the naked
women out of the French window��s, Jed moved to the side wall and picked up two
long garden canes,�� Look what I found yesterday, one for me and one for you,��
he flicked his wrist and the cane made its ominous whipping sound, the girls bit
their lips, all the women could do was stare wide eyed from behind their gags,
Jed stood in front of them as Alan disappeared back into the house. Jed waited
looking over the naked females smiling at the sight of the goose pimples
covering their skin and the hardness of each cool nipple, he mockingly nodded at
them,�� Very nice��. Alan heard him as he returned and added,�� Yes very nice
indeed, and this should be the finishing touch��, as he held up another jar of
peanut butter there was a groan from the women.

Jed laughed as he went around the women, with out warning, thwack, thwack,
thwack, thwack, thwack, five perfect strikes just below the curve of their ass
cheeks, the five women squirmed, the young ones let out squeals, Anita started
to blubber, Jed screamed,"Quite, that means everybody, now I have your
attention, these are the rules. Everybody start running on the spot, begin", the
five females started to jog on the spot,�� Get them knees higher��, and higher
they went. Alan moved closer right in front of them watching their tit`s bounce
and wobble about, mockingly he did the same with his head. Jed moved round to
the front, "O Kiths are the rules, big tit`s you stay here and don��t let them
knees drop or this cane has a perfect spot, the rest of you start running around
the swimming pool the first one to stop gets to be dog food, now off you go and
big tits get them knees up". The women ran slowly towards the pool, Bianca in
front Trudy bringing up the rear, Jed turned back to the panting Anita, "Come on
girly get them knees up lets have them banging your tit`s". Smiling at Jed, Alan
took the cane and walked towards the pool,�� Come along ladies, move along a
little quicker or would you like some help��, he let the cane flick through the
air.�� Come on let��s see them tit`s bounce��, Being gagged, Trudy and Bianca
were breathing heavily through their nose��s, the two girls tried to stay
between them. He stood there for almost ten minutes admiring the way the tit`s
moved and jiggled around, the way their bald slits opened as they tried to keep
their knees up until Alan could see that Lauren was starting to flag, the booze
and drugs they had forced in her last night were starting take there toll.

Alan leered at the females as they kept trying to run, he caught Trudy and
Bianca on their left ass cheeks as they staggered past him, but they couldn��t
do any more, he bent down as Lauren almost walked past,�� I think your going to
be a dogs dinner, come on don��t fight it, it��s going to be fun, there��s
nothing like a dog and pussie fight��. As they tried one more lap Alan looked
back at Jed, he was having a great time forcing Anita to keep running on the
spot by tapping her tit`s with the cane, if she slowed he hit her tit`s harder,
he loved her squeals.

Both men tormented their victims, Jed now had free access to Anita��s body she
was so exhausted that he could cane her at will, Alan walked beside Lauren
waiting to catch the young beauty reminding her of what she had seen when Henry
ate out her mother and aunt, finally she could go no further and collapsed, his
hands mauled the young body as he caught her,�� At last, Jed it��s show time,��
Jed smiled back,"Oh yes, and look at this one, I think Henry can have another
double rashen, bring them over here". Alan dragged Lauren while the others
staggered in front of him, Jed had already gone back in to the lounge. Anita and
Lauren were made to lay on the floor with their legs wide open, closing them
only meant a sharp tap with the cane, the other were made to stand in front of
them, as Alan fetched Henry Jed was enjoying slapping the butter between the
open legs.

A sob came from Lauren��s throat as Alan brought Henry in, Jed stuck his butter
covered fingers at the hungry dog,�� There you go Henry have an appetizer,�� the
dog lapped at the extended fingers,�� This way for your main course��, he led
the dog over and stuck his finger up Laurens cunt, the dog was exactly like
before his tongue licked and slavered all over the slit, Lauren went to move her
legs but a sharp tap on her left tit stopped her. The dog licked at the girl��s
sensitive slit she tried moving her ass but he wouldn��t stop he just moved
around and attacked her from a different angle. It took about four minutes for
the continues lapping to get to her, her young body started to move in a
gyration her hips lifting off the floor and moans came from her mouth, Jed and
Alan smiled, Jed said,�� Whole family of cunt lappers,�� Alan agreed,�� Dogs,
family, farts like us, they don��t care as long as it��s a long tongue, you want
me put some more butter on her��, Jed shook his head,�� No, let Henry have big
tit`s, let��s see some sisterly long tonguing,�� He shook Jade,�� You suck your
sister out, and keep your ass in the air��. Jade was roughly pushed to her knees
as Henry started on Anita��s cute hole, then Jade was pushed in-between her
sisters legs, her young round ass up and very venerable to Jed's hands.

The two women moaned at the perverted sight of Bianca`s two daughters acting
like lesbian whores and the sounds of poor Anita gasping and being turned on as
her ass wiggled around on the floor unable to stop her cunt leaking juice in to
the excited dogs mouth. Jed grabbed the jar, took a handful and slapped butter
all over Jades exposed ass and cunt, quickly Alan picked up Anita as Jed pulled
Henry round to start on Jade, Jed pushed her legs open allowing the dog full
access to both her holes as he watched Alan push Anita down and over the moaning
mouth of Lauren, they waited until her tongue was up Anita��s hot cunt then
stood back beside the desperate mothers and enjoyed the show.

Henry��s pink cock was on display again as Jed turned to Bianca,"Nice to see
girl friends having such fun together, a mum, I��m enjoying it infact I��m
enjoying so much, how would you like to suck some cock", she looked at the long
pink thing sticking out from under Henry and shrank back, Jed laughed,�� No not
him me, lets have that gag off, you on your knees and don��t forget I have that
cane real close��, he looked over to Alan who couldn��t take his eye��s of the
scene in front of him as all the girls were just a mass of sucking hot
cunt`s,"You want you old boner sucked, aunty there ain`t got nothing better to
do than suck you off, go on don��t be mean let her".

Soon all the females were performing a perverted sex act, the two women on their
knees sucking fully at two hard long cocks, the girls still licked at each
other, half in fear of what the men would do if they stopped and half not really
wanting their orgasm��s to stop. Knowing they had full control the men abused
the sucking mouths, Alan with his favourite position of his cock right on the
roof of Trudy��s mouth making her nod her head and lick the shaft underneath,
Jed pushing his slowly all the way down, forcing her nose in to his hairy groin
only to bring it almost out so the head could be licked by a nice wet tongue and
they weren��t going to let the girls stop until they had filled the women's
throats, they soon had Henry at it again, another finger full of butter up Jades
cunt saw to that.

The women knelt coughing and spitting trying to remove the filth that had just
been pumped down their throats, Alan pulled the dog off Jade��s ass and put him
back in a room, Jed smiled down on the three exhausted girls, they were to
knackered to even try and hide their wet cunt`s. Jed bent and fingered Lauren��s
sloppy hole, he inserted it right up to the hilt, she moaned,�� Hot little
fuckers ain`t you, I promised you we would turn you in to fucking machine��s and
you are, taste it��, he put his cum soaked finger in her mouth. Alan came
back,�� Reckon they need live`n up before they eat, come on girls up you come��,
Jed helped him left the female`s,"Reckon they��ve done enough coming for the
morning��, they both grinned.

Stood back in a row the women looked at Jed wafting the cane about,�� Some more
jogging, just to get you lively again, O K running on the spot, begin". The two
men leered at the ten tit`s bobbing up and down, Alan went behind them and
tapped their ass`s gently whispering,�� Just keeping you on you toes��, as Jed
played with the jiggling nipples he suddenly shouted,�� Stop, quite, nobody
move��, they stood in silence, there was a peeping noise coming from another
room,�� What��s that��, Jed grabbed Jade,�� I said what's that��, she said,"It`s
dads lap-top��, Jed pulled her by her hair towards the sound.

It was a small study, on the side of the table was a little lap-top emanating
the sound,�� Why is it making that noise, tell me our I��ll ring your fucking
neck,�� his hand closed around her throat,�� Dads sent an e-mail,�� Jed relaxed
his grip,�� Tell me what to do��. Jade went through the send and receive system
until the message came on view.

He read,-------Hello darling��s, Have managed to find a computer, bet your glad
I left the lap-top now, even if you don��t like computers in the house, will try
and get to another one some time this week, but will be moving from site to
site, sorry it will be a week before I can get back, and I��ll be on the move
all the time, enough about me. Bet you are all having a great time, finding
plenty to do, knowing you your not having a moment rest, just having fun all
day, have managed to get a message to Joseph so he won��t be expecting Trudy and
Anita home until next weekend, so carry on doing what your doing and enjoy doing
it, Love you loads and Bianca,K T B W.      DadXX.

Jed roared with laughter,�� Thank you god, come on fuck bunny lets spread the
good news��, Jed dragged Jade back into the main room, he was trying to keep a
straight face,"O K ladies running on the spot, begin��, as the females started
their torturous routine again, Jed moved in front of them,�� Good news for you
all, daddies not coming home for another week and out of the kindness of his
heart he has told Joseph Trudy wants to stay here��, as he moved towards the
stunned joggers Bianca stopped, Thwack, Alan hit her ass,she started again, Jed
knew they darn`t stop as Alan stood behind them waiting with the cane,  first to
Bianca,"Another week of you sucking my cock,I`m really going to enjoy that,I`ve
got to tell you, that��s what your old man says you should do, enjoy yourself
with-out him and non of you are going to get a moments rest, we will go back to
the gym and fitten you all up, tied to those lovely machines of your`s"then he
moved to Trudy, Another week of you looking after Henry��s need, he likes his
cock sucked as so do I, ask your daughter she should know��, then to Anita,��
Another week of you playing with and sucking your lovely big tit`s and you can 
believe me when I say that it will be just for my pleasure,�� then to Lauren,��
Another week of you having that cute little cunt licked out by everybody that
includes Henry, just to see how excited you can get,�� then to Jade, And you are
going to spend the week using your tongue sucking and licking cunt`s and
cocks,I`m going to make you the little fuck machine I want".

He walked up and down the line of jogging females, grinning in to each horrified
face as he put his palm under the bouncing tit`s enjoying the way they slapped
on to his hand,�� Time to feed you and wash you, I hope you got enough fancy
undie`s, I��m going to have some fun dressing all you little dollies up this
week. But for now food, got to keep you just right for what��s ahead for you
all, now turn right and one at a time you each jog to the kitchen," he watched
them go, always under Alan's hand guidance until there was only Bianca left, he
went up to her held each bouncing nipple and said,�� What��s K T B W", she
looked pitifully at him, he squeezed even harder,�� What��s K T B W", through
almost clenched teeth she said,�� Keep The Bed Warm��, the familiar roar of
laughter came from his throat,�� You will baby, oh believe me you will,  not
only will it be warm it will be hot and wet��, he slapped her ass hard as she
jogged  towards the kitchen, shouting ,"In you go baby get that gorges ass of
yours in the kitchen Alan, here comes number five for our wiggling row".



It was a hot morning as the four men walked past St Cuthbert's church, Jed in
front and Alan laughing and chatting between the two coloured guys,�� I told you
before, the look on the sister��s face when we were leaving was a picture, you
know sort of, How did you know about Frankie, Isabel and Todd and I don��t
suppose to this day she knows what she or any of the other��s did when we had
them drugged up". A punch on his left arm, spun him left,�� A Rufus, what the
fuck do you want,�� the black man smiled,�� Tell us about the dogs fucking
them��, Jed shouted back,"He`s told you a dozen times, what��s with you��, the
grin on the black face grew wider as Alan started again,�� We just forced the
two women in to smoking and sniffing until they were well spaced out then we got
them on their knees and started at their cunts from behind, We got them so wet
they just carried on when we got the dog in and he just took our place, humping
them like a gooden but I still think the best piece on the video is when we
buttered up their cunts,the dog got them so turned on again that we put butter
on their lips and watched him tongue their mouths out, a real snog dog.

Jed turned to the men,�� Well, well, Anita was right on the button, here��s the
mill, Mo, Rufus can we keep the laughing down a bit I want us to arrive
un-noticed��, as Jed��s eye��s hunted for the house by the river, Mo and Rufus
still asked questions,�� This daughter of hers, she got tit`s that big��, he
held both of his huge hands in front of him, Alan stifled a laugh,"Oh yes that
big, old Jed had them tied up all one day, must have fucked them a dozen times
as they swelled up like melons with a strawberry on the end,�� Jed didn��t stop
looking as he said,�� I let you fuck them twice",Mo asked,�� All this and
nobody��s been looking for you,�� Alan shook his head,�� I reckon that this
Trudy kept it all quite because of what we know about her and who she��s been
fucking",Jed suddenly said,�� There it is, great we can sneak in from the left,
come on and Alan you got the bag, you know what to do".

They slid quietly up the side of the house, they heard voices, it was Trudy and
Anita, Jed looked round the corner, there was Anita on her pony, her lovely long
legs going up to a tight pair of riding shorts, the houlter top filled as only
she could. Trudy had her back to him, her ass looked fantastic in the cut away
shorts her wrap around short top left a bare midriff, and Jed sucked in and
slowly let it out. Anita started to ride off,"I`ll be back in an hour with
Tamzin, I��ve told her she can stay all day and for tea as dad won��t be home
till late, see you��, Trudy shouted,�� Bye, be careful, see you soon��, turned
and went back in to the house, Jed sneaked a long look at Anita��s tit`s as she
rode off, the movement of the pony making them bounce just the way he liked them
too. Alan had already got in the door and was opening the small door next to the
boathouse, the three men slipped in; they found Trudy sitting in the lounge
reading a magazine.

As Jed said,�� Hello", Allan was in front of the only other exit, she let out a
scream and stood up to face him, one swift shove and she was back down
again,"Don`t get up��, she stared at the men,�� For god sake leave us alone��,
Jed sat beside her,�� We will, we will, thought you would like a souvenir of our
last meeting, something to show at dinner parties, Alan��s got the copy, don��t
try anything cute, there��s a bag full in the,-------I��ll tell you later. Right
give Trudy the tape and we will watch, my friends came along to see it and you
wouldn��t want to disappoint them��. Trembling she took it and pushed it in the
player, Jed patted the sofa for her to sit by him again, she had no choice she
pushed herself in to the corner of the sofa as far away as possible from the man
she hated most in this world, the video started.                                          

There were roars of laughter, whistles and cat call as the video poured out
it��s pornographic story, Trudy sat there in a daze as images of her and her
family flicked past her eye��s, scenes of her doing the most disgusting things
to herself, with her daughter, sister, nieces and even the family dog, she
wasn��t tied, she knew she��d been drugged but she didn��t know all this had
happened. The camera was kept at just the right distance so she looked drunk and
she was admitting to her most closely guarded secrets and the sickest thing of
all was she looked to be enjoying it, Jed stroked her knee,�� Is that why we
ain`t heard nothing about it, no-ones looking for us, I could see by the look on
your face, you do remember the last time we were alone, I had my cock in the
best place I know, your mouth and I asked you about Frankie, Isabel and Todd,
that kept you quite, and you have kept everybody else quite, that was kind of
you, well now you can show all your friends, and if that's to much trouble we
can deliver what��s in the bag for you, your old mans office, it says here that
he��s Mr Temple of Temple construction, the country club, the lovely Bianca,you
know, Todd's wife, you never know after they all find out what you��ve been up
to you could be living rough, it ain`t that bad, or you could just buy the bag
and do with it as you please".

She stared with hate as she spat,�� How much��, Jed rubbed his chin,"There`s one
in the machine and of course there��s the bag so that's four articles, how's
about 500 each, you got that kind of cash��, she nodded,"O K lets go get it��.
The four men walked with her to a wall safe, she unlocked it and handed him
eight bundles, Jed took it and told Alan to fetch the bag he looked at her,"
Your on the phone here, yes,�� she nodded,�� So we will tie you to that chair,
loosely enough, so you can escape, I take it you still have good teeth, you know
the way we did when we left you last time, by then we will have all gone our
separate ways, understood", she was about to speak, he looked at her and shook
his head then pointed to the sofa.

She sat on the sofa, Jed crossed then tied her ankles then her wrist��s, he
pulled the knot up on top,�� Can you reach that, can you get your teeth to it��,
she nodded, as she sat back Alan stuck a length of duck tape over her mouth,
then another, Jed smiled at her,�� Can you now��, her eye��s widened in fear as
she tried to pull it off only to have her wrist grabbed from behind, a length of
rope tied between them and then they were hauled over her head and tied to the
base of the sofa. Trudy panicked and tried to turn as Mo and Rufus sat ether
side holding on to her, Jed smiled that same evil leer she had seen so many
times before,�� We got some time to kill so me and Alan are going to wait for
Anita and this Tamzin, bet she��s a cutie too, we��ve told Rufus and Mo all
about you so they will try and keep you amused,�� Alan interrupted, ��You should
see the size of what he��s got to keep you amused��, Jed nudged him in the
ribs,�� Alan what a thing to say they have hardly been introduced, anyway he
will look after you until we are all together, then, just for interest��s sake
you understand, we can all see if any of you are in need of a shave or some
pea-nut butter��. They went to the door paused and looked back to see Rufus, one
of his huge hands holding her head still, the other had her top open and was
squeezing her amble tit`s. Mo had her shorts and pants past her knees, one hand
prizing them apart the other buried between her legs, Jed called out to the
struggling woman,"Oh by the way there ain`t no copies, there are only three
condoms in the bag, I promise you we will use them, hate to think you had paid
and not got your monies worth, of course we will be taking the tape with us,
it`s up to you but I think you will have to keep that Tamzin`s mouth shut after
we have had it open for a few hours��, the two of them laughed as they left her
to her fate.





                                                                      PAGAN.



                                         PART 1111    Tamzins  pony club tea




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





