BDSM Library - The Hellfire Club




The Hellfire Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kitchen slave made to perform for group of drunken men.  Set in 18th Century.
THE HELLFIRE CLUB

My Owner is entertaining guests upstairs tonight while I, the main course, wait
patiently till I am called.  His friends are already incapacitated with drink
but He always stays sober and never loses control.   As usual He waits patiently
for His own kind of amusement.

At midnight I am brought into the Great Hall and made to stand while the four of
them look me over, examining the goods.  They see a full-bodied wench, wearing
long flowing skirts and a tight cotton blouse cut low, showing an ample
cleavage.  There is very obviously nothing underneath the blouse as my full
breasts fill the garment, stretching it to capacity.  My nipples are large and
dark with enormous aureoles that harden instinctively when stroked by their
probing hands.  I am proud of my breasts and push them forward so they can be
properly inspected.  All the time He watches me, noting through the thin
material the peculiar area around the nipples where are still visible purple and
yellow bite marks from last week's experience.

His friends appear to like what they see and want to begin the game straight
away, but He sends me outside, gives me five minutes to get as far away from
them as I can.  I open the front door and run out into the night towards the
woods but I am on foot and they are on horse-back so quickly catch up with me
while I am trying to cross the stream.  They standing watching and cheering as I
drag myself out of the water, the thin cotton blouse sticking to my rounded
breasts, my nipples cold, wet and hard protruding through the material making
them look even larger.

My Owner jumps down from his horse, drags me into the trees towards a felled
tree, pushes me across the thick trunk.  I am panting, dripping wet as He shoves
me roughly over the tree and pulls up my saturated skirts, exposing my naked
cunt for Him and His friends to misuse as they please.  While He watches and
directs, His friends lift my legs open exposing my femaleness and slowly peel
back the lips of my succulent shaved cunt, probing with their fingers, licking
me, enjoying the taste of me.  I never take my eyes off him for a second while
my Owner watches scornfully.  Waits till his friends have finished their drunken
sport.  Waits to have His Way.  One of them rams his cock into my mouth while
another inserts his small flaccid dick inside, pumping away ineffectually.  I
enjoy none of it.  He stalks around us, whispering into my ear what He thinks of
me, how He wants me to try harder.

They leave me on the ground amongst the leaves, my breasts heaving through the
fabric. He roughly picks me up, tears the blouse into pieces exposing my heaving
breasts, handles them forcefully and passionately, his large callused hands
dragging across my hard nipples, His teeth raking them, bringing blood rushing
to the tips.  Even though it is painful, He knows I enjoy it and want Him to do
it all the more.  His fingers find my hot wet cunt, the muscles contract on Him,
soaking His fingers, my juices dripping down the inside of my thighs, wanting
Him, desiring more of Him. He pushes me to the ground, looks down on me with
derision takes out his wonderful, swollen cock and pisses over me, soaking my
body, my hair, and my face with His hot stream.  He knows just how much I like
to be used by Him.  He kneels down next to me, smearing His hands all over my
face and breasts, wiping His piss into my skin letting me lick it off His
fingers.

He goes back over to the horse and returns with His horse-whip, slapping it
against His thigh as he approaches me again.  Uses the whip to draw an imaginary
line around my breasts, giving a sharp slap to each nipple.  Turns me over
across the tree truck, lifts up my skirts, gives it to me hard across first one
buttock and then the next, Take That Bitch and THAT, You Like it Hard, don't you
SLUT?  And it's true, I do....  My Owner discards the whip and lifts me high
across the tree trunk so he can see my buttocks and arse.  His hands knead into
my buttocks, my face is pressed uncomfortably against the bark of the tree as He
spreads my cheeks and stares in awe at my arsehole, touching it, caressing the
puckered hole as it beckons to Him.  He cannot resist, He pushes one finger
inside slowly fucking me with it, then inserts another finger.  I am groaning
against my will enjoying the sensation of being explored and exploited.  

My Owner now takes his hard cock and slams it hard into my hole, fucking me as
hard and deep as he can, over and over.  I love it, can't get enough, don't want
it to stop, as He claws my back with His left hand, whips me with His right and
pounds into my arsehole with His throbbing member.  Oh God, I am screaming now
wanting Him to finish it, and He finally does spurting His hot juice high into
my bowels.  He waits for a moment, and then pisses again emptying himself into
my arse, the steaming liquid mingling with His hot cum pours out of me as he
removes his now sagging member from my wasted body.  But still he has not
finished with me.  He pulls my face towards him by my hair and pushes his
dripping cock into my mouth and I greedily suck and lick it clean of hand my
own delicious, mouth-watering bodily functions.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kathy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





