BDSM Library - From Bondage Model to Bondage Slut




From Bondage Model to Bondage Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story that traces how Sheila, a 28 year old married woman loses her job, gets in debt and signs up for bondage modelling initially for the money.  Sheila then discoveres that there once in the scenes just get more and more interesting.  She finds that she enjoys what she is doing and the money becomes incidental.  Follow her as she gets deeper and deeper into the scene.
If you are under the age of consent in your locality, or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.




From bondage model to bondage slut.

Part One

I found the advert in one of my husband, Sam's girly magazines.  I had been
looking through for modelling jobs as a possible way of earning some money now
that my job had gone after the firm I worked for went bankrupt. Jobs were scarce
and the mortgage was slipping behind.  I am twenty eight and I and Sam have been
married now for about five years. I know I had a good figure; I kept it that way
by using the Sam's firm's gymnasium. I did some modelling for catalogues during
my time at Uni.  And, modesty aside, I know that I am as good looking as any of
the "glamour" models I've seen in the top shelf magazines that Sam is so fond
of.  At five feet eight, slim build but 36 D breasts, I often attracted the
attention of the male sex. I was looking for a modelling job that paid well and
had an open mind about what I was willing to do.  I had been extravagant and had
built up some large debts that I didn't want Sam to know about.  Sam travels a
lot and since I lost my job, time drags.  And when I get bored I go shopping. 
My credit cards are all maxed out and the bank loan is at its limit.  I have to
find something to get the bills down and incidentally to give me something to do
so I won't get bored.

This particular advert attracted my attention because it promised on-going work. 
It read

"Female models wanted for bondage work.  Contractual work is available for right
models. Starting rate is Guild plus 50%. Ongoing rates could be higher depending
on type of work undertaken.  Travelling costs paid.  Reply in first instance in
writing or by Email enclosing two full length photos, one clothed and one nude." 
The address for replies was a box number care of the magazine and the Email was
also via the magazine. 

I had been involved in a bondage relationship whilst in Uni.  It had been one of
those exploratory relationships and had not lasted past three months, but I had
enjoyed the various occasions and remembered several blinding orgasms. After a
couple of hour's consideration, I decided to reply using the Email address and a
couple of the photos that Sam had stored on the computer.  The clothed photo had
been taken prior to the work's dinner/dance earlier that year.  I had purchased
a dress especially for the night.  It was a long, figure hugging dress.  The top
of the dress was white and high necked, but it was tight over my breasts showing
their hard shape and a shadow of my nipples; the rest of the dress was red and
form fitting, following the shape of my body   The photo didn't show the rear
view, but it had clung to my ass, flowing into the crease and enthusiastically
outlined each firm ass cheek.  I had worn a short red bolero jacket to complete
the outfit.  It had shown my figure off to great advantage and I had received a
number of propositions during the night, from high flying executive types which
I had turned down at the time but been tempted to take up later, especially as
Sam's times on the road seemed to lengthen.  The second photo had been taken by
Sam for his Private Collection and showed me in my full glory.  I had posed
leaning back on the dining room table, my legs spread and my hands on the edge
of the table.  It showed my belly piercing and the tattoo on my left thigh.  My
cunt was clearly visible because I had kept it shaved at Sam's request.  He
liked a shaved pussy; he had told me when we first married.  If they didn't
accept me from these two photos, they must be blind.

The reply came back within 24 hours inviting me to an initial interview, all
expenses paid.  It meant travelling to the big city, but that was OK, the train
service was excellent and I would have no difficulty getting there and back
during one day.  I decided on the spur of the moment not to mention it to Sam
until they offered me a job, maybe not even then. 

On the day of the interview I chose to wear the black dress that Sam had bought
me for my last birthday.  It was a mini, the skirt finishing only a couple of
inches below my ass. It was made of a stretch material and clung to every curve
of my body. Sam liked me in clothing that showed off my body, he said he got a
thrill from knowing other guys were looking, but that I was his. I had worn it
several times when Sam had taken me out for meals etc. and the sex on those
nights had been very hot.  I chose flesh coloured tights and knee high boots to
go with it. I left off my bra and panties, not wishing to show any lines through
the material. The outfit gave me a feeling of confidence, knowing that I looked
my very best and extremely sexy.

My interview was being held at a photo studio on the commercial estate that had
recently been built on the outskirts of the city.  The buildings on the estate
were all very picturesque and were occupied by various service industries, the
headquarters for the local Gas & Electricity companies, several Call Centres,
Insurance Brokers, Computer Consultants, Accountants, Solicitors etc.  The
studio was in a building containing a number of small businesses.  It had a
central reception area with a security guard who had a bank of security cameras. 
I went to the counter and asked for the studio.  The guard looked me up and down
and seemed to like what he saw.  I smiled at him, pleased at his attention. He
picked up the telephone and rang through to the studio and announced me,
listened for a moment, then told me to take a seat as someone would be down to
collect me shortly.

A few moments later, an attractive girl of about nineteen or twenty came over to
me, confirmed my name and then led me out of the reception area.

I followed the girl, who had introduced myself as Candy, through a corridor and
then up a flight of stairs and through a door with a glass pane advert for "Glam
Inc. Photo Studio"  This all looked very above board and put my mind at rest.  I
had felt some reserves, wondering whether this was legitimate or some kind of
con.  Inside the reception area to the studio Candy pointed me to a chair and
told me that the photographer would be through to see me shortly.

After a short wait, a woman of about my own age came through from the back and
introduced herself as Katrina and asked me to come through to the studio area to
meet her partner.  

Katrina led me through a couple of doors into an auditorium area that was laid
out in several conversation areas interspersed with photographic displays.  The
first display held photographs of a number of attractive girls posing in various
suits, dresses and other similar outfits, the second display we went past was
another set of girls dressed in lingerie, the third display we passed was girls
posing nude.  There were no male photographs at all. Katrina led me through this
area to a door which she opened and stood aside to allow me to precede her.  I
entered a large room which contained a desk at one end with a conversation area
near to it.  The rest of the room was open space.

A man dressed in jeans and a black T shirt, rose from behind the desk and
approached me with outstretched hand.  He introduced himself as Johnny Ray, the
proprietor of the studios. He looked to be in his mid forties, confident, well
in control, an obvious business man despite his casual dress.

"Sheila, welcome to our studio. You've met Katrina. She's the photographer, I am
the director.  That means I plan the shoot, who does what, the overall theme. 
Katrina sets the individual poses and takes the photos.  Please take a seat and
relax.  We need to go through some formalities, and then we'll set up a
preliminary test, nothing too complicated, just so that you can get a feel for
what will be required of you."

Whilst he was talking we all found seats in the conversation area. 

"Now, let me ask you a few questions.  We have your name, address and Social
Security information already, so we don't need to go through those again.  So
let's get down to the nitty-gritty.  As you know, the advert was for bondage
models.  We provide photos for a number of end users.  We have contracts with
main stream top shelf men's magazines for soft porn shoots.  I see from your
application that you have previous modelling experience, did this include this
type of photo."  I answered in the negative saying that the shoots I had been on
had all been for catalogues.  Some had included lingerie shots, but most had
been dresses, blouses and skirts.

Johnny went on "Occasionally these magazines ask for bondage photos when they
are running articles about the subject.  These types of photos are fairly simple
layouts, spread eagle shots, chair ties, that sort of thing.  Have you had any
personal experience of bondage, is it something that is part of your sex life or
is this something new for you?"

I smiled.  I had guessed that this would be one of the questions that would be
asked.  "Yes, I have been on the receiving end a few times.  My boyfriend when I
was in college tied me up a few times.  He had seen the film 9 1/2 weeks and had
bought the book and decided it might be fun to try it out, with me as the
subject.  So we did the scene with the refrigerator and the feeding."

"Did you enjoy it?" Katrina asked.

"Actually, I did.  I got wet kneeling by his chair with my hands tied behind my
back."

"While you were tied up, did you get into any sex action?"  Again it was Katrina
asking the question.  Maybe they thought that I would be less embarrassed
responding to a woman about sex.

"That particular time, we didn't get to the fucking, he just did the feeding.  A
couple of nights later, he tied me to the bed, arms and legs stretched to the
corners, he fucked me then. And yes, I did enjoy it, especially as before
fucking me he licked me to an orgasm.  That was the first time I'd been on the
receiving end of oral sex.  I'd gone down on guys, they seem to want it, but I'd
never been on the receiving end before."

Again Katrina spoke up.  "Are those the only bondage experiences you have had?"

"Well, we did have a couple more sessions, again basically the hands behind the
back thing, whilst he played with my breasts, or knelt in front of me to give me
oral. But that's about it."

"Well, today we'll stick to the simple things, then, for your intro session.  If
we're all happy with the way that goes, then we'll set up a full test shoot. 
For that we'll need you for a full day as we'll be testing you for suppleness,
endurance and to see what your acceptable limits are."  This time it was Johnny
who had spoken.

"Nudity is an integral part of most bondage shoots.  How do you feel about being
nude in front of the camera?"  Katrina was back in the driving seat.

"I haven't done any nude shoots, but I have no objections.  I think I might even
enjoy it." I replied.

"You do realise, when I say nude, that in many of the positions in which you
will be tied, everything will be on display, not just your tits, but your cunt
and asshole." Katrina was being blunt.  "And in many of the positions, you will
be spread open.  How do you feel about that?"

"OK, I guess."

"Have you ever been gagged or thought about what it might be like to be gagged?" 
This time it was Johnny.

"No, I've never been gagged, but I think I could cope with that."

Katrina again, "Would you be prepared to do hard core bondage? Would you be
prepared to suck cock or be fucked on camera?"

"I presume there would be more pay for hard core?" I queried.

"Between double and quadruple basic rate, depending on what was involved." This
statement came from Johnny. "But don't accept it just for the money.  You need
to be mentally and physically willing."

I liked the indications that my consent was an important part of what was likely
to happen.  "I assume that any one I'll be involved with will be certified clean
and free from STD's"

"Yes, everyone, including you, is required to undertake a full medical testing
before we get to fucking and sucking," Katrina stated. 

"What are your feelings about penetration by dildo's and vibrators?  Do you use
them yourself?"

I hesitated.  I was reluctant to admit to having a vibrator in my purse. Or to
the fact that as Sam was often away from home because of his job, that my
faithful vibrator was what kept me sane.  So I just simply confirmed that I had
used a vibrator from time to time, and had even purchased a dildo at a lingerie
night organised by my neighbour.

"We've talked about oral sex and fucking.  What about anal sex, have you ever
tried it?  Do you have any objections to it?" Katrina asked.

I had expected some personal questions, but had not realised quite how personal
the questions would get.  I felt myself blush.  "I have never been fucked in the
ass, but I do enjoy it when my husband, Sam, pushes his finger up there when I
am approaching climax.  It seems to make me cum harder when he does it." 
Katrina smiled.  I didn't know whether that was because I had blushed, or
because of my admission to liking my ass tickled during sex.

"How does your husband feel about you becoming a bondage model?" Johnny asked
me.

"I don't know.  I told him I was applying for a modelling job, but not what was
involved."

"How do you think he will react when he finds out?" asked Katrina.

"There's no reason why he should find out, but if he does then I'll know he is
interested in bondage himself, so he'll be unlikely to complain."

Neither Katrina nor Johnny pursued this any further.

"An integral part of bondage is the discomfort that inevitably occurs, and often
the duration of the shoot can be quite long.  How do you feel about this?" It
was Katrina again asking the question.

"I don't know for certain, but I exercise a lot, and that requires pushing the
envelope of physical endurance.  I keep my body in good physical shape and the
exercises I do require a degree of flexibility, too.  When I did the bondage
things at college, they generally lasted about an hour and a half, and I didn't
find that to difficult."

"Well, apart from the simple bondage shoots we do for the main stream magazines,
which generally only take about an hour, the majority of our work involves
sessions of at least 3 or 4 hours, sometimes even longer.  How do you feel about
that, do you think, for instance, that you would be prepared to be in bondage
for say, 12 hours?"

I hesitated, but then thought of all those bills I didn't want Sam to know
about, and decided twelve hours pay for one session would go a long way to
clearing them quickly.  "I don't know, but I am willing to give them a try." 
Strangely the idea of a long session tied up and helpless had an effect on me
sexually and I found myself getting damp.

"We video tape all photo shoots.  When edited they provide an additional revenue
stream. That's how we are able to afford to pay you extra over and above Guild
rates. These are distributed by Internet broadcast and sale. These are usually
broadcast live and then edited for distribution later. We retain copyright in
everything that we produce. We will discuss with you an outline of each shoot,
but the details will work themselves out during the event," Johnny said.  "Once
each shoot commences, you will be required to complete it, so endurance is
essential.  We will test that out with you before committing you to the longer
sessions."

"Do you have any questions? - No then I think we have covered most everything. 
If you still want to go ahead, we'll get consent forms and then we can start
your initial testing."

I agreed that yes, I did want to proceed.  So the consent forms were produced
and duly signed.  Johnny called Candy in to witness the consent form, and then
asked her to file it away. 

After the forms had been signed Johnny asked me to stand and produced a piece of
rope from the side of the chair on which he was sitting. He proceeded to find
the middle of the rope thus doubling it.  "We will start with some simple rope
bondage to give you a taste of what you can expect.  Please stand up and turn
around."  I did so, feeling a tingle go down my spine.  This was the first time
I had done anything this sexual in public, because that was how I thought of it. 
The previous photo shoots had all been very simple jobs and had not made me feel
that I was on display, but this was all about sex.  This was going to be public
sex too, as I would be getting broadcast over the Internet for all manner of
strangers to enjoy. And it was all going to start here in this office. To be
tied up here in this office, by these two virtual strangers was the most public
sexual thing she I ever done or contemplated. At least Johnny hadn't asked me to
remove my clothes, yet, but once I was tied, who was to say what would happen?

I felt his hands on my arms, guiding them behind me, turning my hands so that
they faced each other palm to palm, and then I felt the rope being looped around
my wrists.  A couple of coils around my wrists were then pulled tight as he
looped the rope between them and over the loops he had already placed.  "This is
called a cinch," Johnny told me, "it is used often to tighten the cords.  Now
let's see how close we can get your elbows to each other."  I felt him doing the
same at my elbows as he had done at my wrists, gently he tugged and I felt my
shoulders become tight as my upper arms strained against the pull as my elbows
were pulled towards each other.  "This is one of two arm ties which are standard
in most bondage scenarios, " he continued with his instructional talk. I looked
down at myself and saw that this tie caused my breasts to thrust out as my
shoulders were pulled back.  The dress which conformed to my shape normally was
now stretched tightly across my breasts.  My erected nipples were now extremely
visible, pushing through the tight fabric.

Katrina had noticed my downward look. "You do seem to be enjoying this, Sheila;
maybe you will get more out of this than just money." Knowing that my panties
were also getting wet from my excitement, I had to agree, although I kept my
agreement to myself.

Johnny now took a loop over each shoulder, feeding the rope back under my
armpits and back around my upper arms, pulling my shoulders even further back. 
Now I was beginning to feel discomfort from the strain on my shoulders, but
didn't complain as I had indicated that I could endure the expected discomfort. 
I wondered what it would be like to be tied like this for hours on end.  Again I
found the thought excited me. 

Johnny threaded the rope back down through the elbow tie to my wrists, and then
lifted my hands into the middle of my back, ran several loops around my waist,
securing my arms in a bent position behind me.  The strain on my shoulders grew,
but it was still bearable.  The waist tie pulled my dress even tighter across my
chest, and it also pulled the bottom hem upwards so as I looked down I could see
that it was just about covering my cunt in front, but only just.

"From here, there are a number of routes we can take.  For the moment we will go
the chair route."  Katrina went to the desk and buzzed through to Candy and
asked her to bring through the straight backed chair from the studio.  Whilst
they waited for Candy to come through with the chair, I tested the ties to see
what movement was available to my.  I discovered that there was very little.  I
could, with a bit of an effort, move my wrists slightly against the waist tie,
but other than that, my arms were immobile.

Candy came in with the chair and placed it in the middle of the room.  She
looked at me, saw my erect nipples and smiled.  "It's a good feeling, isn't it? 
Snug ropes, the feeling of being helplessness, knowing that someone else is in
control.  I love it.  Maybe we'll do a scene together before long.  The audience
love the multiple scenes. Wait until you get fucked when you're tied really
tight, it blows the mind."  It had never occurred to me that Candy might be one
of their models, but thinking about it now, I realised that she was certainly
attractive enough and had that certain presence that a model needed to be good.
"Sorry I can't stay to watch the rest of the tie, but no doubt I'll get to see
the finished product."  With that comment, Candy left to return to the reception
desk.

Johnny guided me to the chair, and told me to sit on it facing the back.  This
required me to straddle the seat, and inevitably my skirt was pushed up to my
waist, revealing my lack of panties and my shaved cunt.  Johnny bent down and
removed my boots and carefully placed them over by the wall.

Johnny then took another rope, doubled it in half as he had the first, then
through a loop around my left knee.  Taking the rope around the back of the
chair, he looped it around my right knee and pulled the loop tight so that my
knees now hugged the chair back.  He ran the rope to the centre back of the
chair and threaded it through the space between the centre bars.  "Lift your
bottom off the seat for me, Sheila," Johnny instructed me.  When I complied he
ran the rope under me.  When I sat down again the rope rested under my naked
cunt. Johnny ran the rope up to my elbow tie, leaving some slack in the rope
that went under me; he proceeded to loop the rope several times around my torso,
below my breasts. On the third loop he through a cinch around the chest loops
just in the centre.  From this he dropped the rope down to where it originally
ran beneath me, separated the two strands, running both beneath the rope that
went under my crotch, and then ran them back up to the waist loop. He slipped
the ropes behind the waist loop and pulled steadily; bringing the crotch rope up
into my cunt.  I felt Katrina separating my cunt lips to ensure a nice snug fit. 
Johnny then tied off this piece of rope.

"Now let's see what we can do with your ankles."

Johnny took another piece of rope, doubled it as seemed his practice, through a
loop around my left ankle, then pulled my ankle up behind me towards the front
of the seat, where he secured it to the top of the front chair leg.  He then ran
the rope along the front of the seat to the other front leg, through a loop
around the top of that chair leg, and then secured my right ankle in the same
fashion as my left.  This meant that my legs were bent tightly back on
themselves.  With my upper legs spread apart, this wasn't really a natural angle
and I did find that it placed strain on my thigh muscles.

"Just one more tie and then we can leave you for a while to get the feel of it." 
Johnny took a fresh rope which he proceeded to loop loosely around my neck. 
After five or six loops like this he took the final piece of the rope, bent me,
and looped the rope several times around the upper rail of the chair back. From
there he ran the rope down the back of the chair, under the seat and then around
my lower body at the top of my thighs.  This effectively anchored my body to the
base of the chair and my neck to the top back of the chair.  I now found that I
had almost no movement available to me.  With that he went and sat down at his
desk and proceeded on with his work as if nothing untoward was happening in
front of him. 

I was left in this position for quite sometime.  The position of the chair meant
that she had my back to him and faced the door to the office.  Katrina and Candy
came in and out of the office from time to time as they went about their
respective tasks.  They had to pass me each time coming in and going out.  Each
time they would stop for a second to stroke some part of my exposed body.  I
found that wherever they stoked became an erogonious zone.  I maintained a slow
sexual buzz.

An unknown period of time passed by as I sat there, restrained with my  cunt and
ass openly visible to anyone who came into the office. I was by now feeling the
strain in a number of places, including my naked ass where it rested on the hard
wood of the chair, also my shoulders, and my knees none of which were used to
being held in the same position for lengthy periods. On one of her passes
Katrina suggested to me that I might feel better if I moved about as much as
possible, flexing my muscles against there fixed positions would help my
circulation.  I attempted to do so, my movement was minimal, but it was rather
nice, for all that, to feel that I still had some control over what was
happening, little as it might be. I found that the small movements I was able to
make helped to pass the time and actually helped to keep me aroused, especially
where the rope rubbed up against my clit.

Another period of time passed.  Then Johnny got up from his chair and came over
to me.  He leaned over me and slid his hands into the top of my dress. "I think
your cunt is feeling lonely, its time these tits of yours joined in with the
game.  He lifted my tits out of the dress.  My helplessness in this situation
was borne down upon me with this action.  I had absolutely no say in the
displaying of my breasts. He fondled me, bringing my nipples, which had shrunken
with the lack of stimulus, back into full erection.  He leaned over me, and ran
one hand down to my cunt where he ran his fingers over the rope that rested
there.  It was damp with my secretions.  "Hm.  You do seem to like this.  So
let's move onto the next stage and see how you get on with a gag." His hand
appeared in front of my face with a rubber ball through which a leather strap
ran. He placed the ball against my mouth.  I, knowing that she really didn't
have much choice, opened my mouth and allowed him to press the ball between my
teeth until it fitted there, forcing my jaws open more than she had expected. 
Johnny fastened the strap around the back of my head.

Soon another ache was added to the others. And as my saliva built up around the
ball gag, it inevitably began to drip out of my mouth.  I felt humiliated by the
mess that was forming on the floor.

I was left again for a while.  The Johnny appeared again.  "One final tie" he
said.  He leaned over me and ran a soft thin piece of leather under my left
breast.  He pulled this tight around the base of my left breast causing my
breast to bulge out.  He cast several more loops around the base before catching
it off.  He then ran the leather rope behind my neck and over to my right breast
which he proceeded to secure in the same way.  He then left me to contemplate
the results of this action.

All my sensations were now concentrated on my breasts.  The aches of the
previous bondage were overshadowed by this restricting of my breasts.  My
breasts suddenly became the centre of my attention as the blood flow slowed. 
The skin was pulled very tight over the surface of my breasts, making them super
sensitive. I found that I was involuntarily trying to shake my breasts to try
and relieve the pressure there.

Candy came through to bring a cup of coffee for Johnny.  She informed him that
the rep for "Knotty Times" was here to see him. To my horror Johnny told Candy
to show him in.  I struggled frantically against my bonds, trying to get loose
before this total stranger came in.  I struggled to speak around the gag but it
just came out as grunts. My total helplessness became very clear to my.  Once I
was tied up, then I had absolutely no control over what happened.

Candy showed the rep into the office.  Of course, he immediately noticed me.  I
had been prepared for bondage in a studio setting, where everything would
somehow have been more professional but had not been prepared for becoming an
exhibit in an office for any Tom, Dick or Henry to stare at. 

"How do you like how latest model," Johnny asked the rep.

"Very nice," the rep replied. He walked over to me, walking around me to see me
from all angles.  "I love a ball gag, the way the mouth fits neatly around it. 
And the breast tie is exquisite." The stranger cupped my by now painful breasts
in his hands. "A good breast tie makes even the softest breast nice and hard." 
He flicked his thumb nails over my hard nipples.  I grunted at the sudden sharp
pain this caused. "And they become so sensitive, too. I'll look forward to
seeing the test vid cast."   He left me to join Johnny and Katrina in the
conversation area where they proceeded to talk about future photo shoots,
circulation and prices for the work.

After the rep left Johnny released me from my bondage.

"How do you feel," Katrina asked me. 

"No permanent damage,  just a few aches and pains that I know will go away.  It
was a lot different to what I had expected. Far more intense than when I was in
college. There seems to be a lot more to this than having my hands tied behind
my back, or being spread eagled to a bed.  But I think I actually enjoyed it," 
I replied.

"Good, then you'll be coming back?"

"Yes, without a doubt." I smiled at her.  "Next time you can get your cameras
out."

When I got into the outer office I was surprised to discover that I had been
"interviewed" for almost 2 hours. During the event it hadn't seemed that long, 
maybe because it was all new to me.  But then, I guess when a clock isn't
visible and a person is totally immobile, time becomes immaterial.

Katrina made an appointment with me for the following Wednesday, when my first
official test and Internet broadcast would occur.  I was to report in at 8.30
a.m. and would spend the following 8 hours in the studio, mostly in bondage.  I
found myself looking forward to it.

As I left, Candy handed me a cheque for my interview expenses.  "It includes a
bonus for your successful test," she told me.  I looked at the cheque.  It was
for $250.  Not bad for a couple of hours work.

End of part one




From bondage model to bondage slut.

If you are under the age of consent in your locality or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.

Part Two

The following Wednesday I prepared myself carefully.  After my usual shower I
shaved my under arms, legs, and cunt.  I had received a telephone call to tell
me that I was to wear clothes that I was prepared to lose permanently but to
dress sexily.  My pay cheque would include a clothing allowance so that the
clothes that I wore to the session could be replaced, and enough to purchase new
clothes especially for future sessions. So I then looked through my underwear to
find something nice and sexy.   I found a bra and panty set that I liked.  They
were made a pale blue made with a very soft stretch material that conformed to
my body like a second skin.   My nipples were already erect from the thought of
what I was going to be doing today, and my cunt was already a little moist.  I
added to this a garter belt which matched in colour, although it wasn't part of
the set   I had been to the arcade and into a boutique that specialised in
scarves, tights and stockings and had purchased a pair of shiny blue stockings
of a shade slightly darker than the underwear.  These I smoothed up my legs and
clipped them to the hanging garters. The dress I had chosen was again of a soft
stretch material that conformed to my figure.  I looked down and could see that
my nipples were outlined through the material.  The voyeurs on the train would
enjoy themselves this morning.  I smiled at that, knowing that I would be
displaying myself in a far more intimate manner later on to an unknown number of
voyeurs. I had always had an exhibitionist streak and had been a bit of a cock
teaser at school and college.  Sam had always liked that about me, and had
encouraged me towards clothing that helped me with this end.  He seemed to love
the idea that other guys were getting horny looking at his girl.

I finished getting ready by looking out a pair of heeled shoes that Sam referred
to as "fuck me" shoes.  He had taken me to a shoe boutique to buy them.  The
heels were 4inches high.  When we first got them I had had to practice walking
in them because previously I had only ever worn flats or small heels.  Now they
were second nature to me.  Most of my shoes now were heels of at least 3inches. 
I even had one pair that was 6inches.

I was now ready for my first "day" of bondage.  I was ready to be tested.

I arrived at the studio prompt at 9.00 a.m. and asked the guard to notify the
studio.  Again Candy came down to collect me.  She smiled at me, a huge cheesy
grin.  "Great, I'm so glad that you didn't chicken out," she said.  "Come on,
we'll get a drink first, then we will go on into the studio.  She led me through
to a small kitchen on the same floor ad her office, and we got to know each
other as she made us both some coffee.  Candy had joined the company 9 months
before as a receptionist, but Katrina had seen her potential as a model, so now
she did both.  "I kept on the reception work because it gives me a chance to
meet lots of different people.  I don't need the piddling amount that I get paid
for it, but I enjoy it.  I get plenty from the modelling and the follow-ups. 
I've bought myself a nice apartment and lots of clothes. And I get lots and lots
of sex."  She giggled. "A lot of it I get here!" 

I marvelled at her openness to me, a virtual stranger.  Then I remembered that
she had seen me tied to a chair in her boss's office, with my tits, cunt and ass
open to inspection.  She might still be a stranger to me, but I could hardly say
the reverse.  No doubt she had been privy to my replies at the interview. So she
probably knew a lot about me.

We finished drinking our coffee.  As we walked sown the corridor to the studio
we passed her office.  There was an older woman at her desk.  "That's Simpson;
you'll get to know her later if you get through today's test OK.  For today
she's manning reception because I will be in the studio with you."

We went into the studio.  I looked around.  At the end that we entered the floor
was carpeted, there was the usual conversation area with comfortable chairs and
coffee table. In front of that was an area with a computer desk at which another
attractive young lady sat.  Candy introduced her as Sandy and told me that
although she was manning the computer today, she was also one of the team of
models.  In front of this was what I assumed was the studio area.  It was an
area about 30 feet square.  There were no carpets here, just a stone floor. 
There were the usual sets of white Umbrellas surrounding the area to give bright
but indirect lighting to what ever was going on.  Other than that the only
object within this area was an old wooden dining chair. 

Katrina was talking to Johnny just in front of the computer desk.  She was
holding a camera.  Another man was also in this conference.  He was about
Johnny's age and was holding a video camera. 

I stood for a moment, unsure what to do.  The conference finished and Johnny
came over to me.

"Ready for your ordeal?" he asked me.  I nodded my agreement.

"OK then.  This morning we will be doing three sets of about 60 minutes each
which will follow each other.  There will be a refreshment break between each of
15 minutes.  If you do your sums that adds up to 3 1/2 hours.  After that we
will have a break for lunch, and then there will be two sets of 90 minutes each
with a refreshment break of 15 minutes between.  Then we will review the day.
OK?"

I agreed.

"Now as to what the sets will contain.  This morning will be chair bondage,
similar to last week but more severe, a hogtie, the third will be standing
bondage.  These sets may also involve gagging, vibrator play and dildo
insertion. This afternoon will involve what we call a frog spread and table
bondage.  It will also include sexual intercourse and oral sex now that we have
a clear report from your doctor. Remember, it's your party, so cum if you want
to," he paraphrased the hit song. He smiled at me. "We like our models to get
some enjoyment out of our little scenes."  I smiled back, not sure that I would
be able to cum whilst being watched by so many people. No was I certain that was
ready to have sex with strangers, but I had signed up, so I would go through
with it.

"Candy will be taking part along with another girl called Claire.  They are what
we call "dressing" for the scenes and will be in the background.  You'll get to
see them being set up before your scene starts.  Now, let me see what you're
wearing." He walked around me. "Nice dress, I like the way it clings, we'll
leave that on for the first set.  Knotty Times have ordered a set for next
month's mag.  You met their rep the other day.  He was very impressed and so
placed an order.  I thought he might when he saw you." So that was why he had
done what he did.  I guess a live model displayed in all her glory in the flesh
has more impact than any number of photo layouts.

"I assume you're wearing underwear today?" I nodded. "OK, let's take a look."  I
lifted my skirt to my waist, revealing my stockings, panties and garter belt.  
"I assume that the bra is a set with the panties?" Again I nodded. "Yes, they
will do nicely.  You'll lose the dress after the chair set and probably the
garter belt and stocking, but we'll retain the bra and panties for the hogtie.
That way we can give Knotty Times a choice.  You'll be naked for the standing
bondage.  Perhaps they'll go for a series. As for this afternoon, again you'll
be naked." 

As he finished speaking, Candy came back in with another girl, equally as
beautiful as Candy and Claire.  I was really surprised.  I had unconsciously
assumed that with something way out like bondage modelling that the models would
perhaps not be anything special.  But I had now seen three of the regular
models, and they were all beautiful and sexy.  Like me, there were large
bosomed, tall and slim, neat tight buttocks.  The kind of girl most guys I knew
fantasised over.  Both Candy and Claire were totally nude.  Candy was a brunette
and Claire was a blonde.  Claire was fully shaved but Candy sported pubic air
shaved into a small triangle pointing towards her otherwise naked cunt.   Candy
had pierced nipples, whilst Claire sported a belly piercing like mine.  Clair
wore a wide metal collar with a large ring hanging from the front. She was
carrying a metal rod about 21/2 feet long, which had a similar ring attached to
the top.

Following them was a young man of about seventeen, pulling a metal cage on
wheels which didn't look big enough to hold a small dog, never mind a grown
girl!  Johnny took control of the cage, and the young man disappeared.  I
wondered if he was an apprentice and whether he had a boner.  Johnny opened the
top of the cage and assisted Candy to climb in. She did so and knelt down
towards the back of the cage and then bent right forward until her chin was on
her knees.  Johnny lowered the top of the cage down and secured it in position
with a padlock.  This forced Clare into a tight hunched down position. Clare was
now imprisoned unable, as far as I could see, to move.  I wondered what 45
minutes in that position would do to her muscles. The young man was now lowering
a pulley from the ceiling towards the cage.  I looked up to see that there was a
gantry just below the ceiling which held several such pulleys.  Johnny reached
up and took hold of the hook at the end of the pulley.  He lifted a ring that
was embedded into the top of the cage and set the hook into it.  The youth then
raised Candy's cage up to chest height, about 4 1/2 feet from the ground.
Johnny went over to the other side of the set, where Claire was waiting
patiently. He took the bar she was carrying from her.  He knelt down and slipped
it into a hole in the floor that I hadn't noticed until now.  He twisted it and
I heard a click.  It would seem that it was now locked into place.  He then
stood up and took a strap that the youth had brought over to them and went
behind her.  He used the strap to fasten her elbows together.  The youth gave
him another strap, which was used to fasten her wrists together. A third strap
went around her waist.  This strap had a ring in the back to which the wrist
strap was then attached using a spring clip. Now Clair crouched down behind the
post and Johnny attached her collar to the top of the rod.  Two more straps were
fastened around her ankles and were joined by a short chain which was run in
front of the rod.  A second short chain was attached to the centre of the chain
between her ankles and was attached to the ring in the waist strap.  A third
chain was attached to the right ankle strap, pulled to the side and attached to
a ring in the floor.  The same was done to her left ankle. Claire was now
effectively being held in the crouched position.  Again I wondered what that
would feel like after 45 minutes. 

Johnny turned to me. "Ok, now it's your turn."  He led me over to the centre of
the photo area.  He laid the chair down on its back.  "OK, kneel on the back of
the chair." I knelt down carefully.  He positioned my legs along the wooden edge
of the chair, positioning me so that my knees were tight to the join between the
back and the seat. Taking the rope that he had brought across with him he bound
each knee into place.  Having completed this he settled my feet so that they
were the top of my foot followed the contour of the wood.  This meant that my
foot was positioned as if I was on tip toe.  He then strapped each ankle into
place. Johnny ran his hands up my thighs, pushing my dress up to my waist to get
it out of the way for what followed. He proceeded to run tie between the ankle
bondage and around my thighs, pulling my thighs down tight to my ankles. Because
the gap between my ankles was greater than the width of my thighs, my bottom was
now resting on air. Johnny positioned my arms along the outside of the front
legs of the chair. He placed my wrists almost at the end of the leg and tied my
wrists in place. A second rope above my elbows tied my upper arms in place. This
position brought my upper chest onto the edge of the chair seat and pressed my
breasts into the chair seat itself..  This was all fine and good, I thought,
until he and the young man lifted the chair back onto its four feet.  Now I was
positioned head down with my ass sticking up into the air.  My wrists were bent
back and my hands splayed on the floor as if I was standing on them.

All the time Johnny had been working, Katrina and the video man had been
circling us recording the activity.  Johnny stepped back and the video man came
in for some close ups of my face as I turned my head to see what was happening
around me.  My hair, which I kept mid shoulder height, was now hanging down
towards the floor. It was as if I was looking out through a fine curtain.

Having completed the first stage of my bondage, Johnny went and stood away from
the stage area to allow the camera people free reign for a while. Katrina
finished taking her photos and also left the area.  This just left the video man
who moved back so that he could get a full view.  When the chair had been raised
it had been placed sideways on to the main area of the studio. 

I saw that Johnny now had a microphone/headset on.  "Now I want you to answer a
few questions for our audience to help them get to know you.  First tell them
who you are, just your first name"

".Sheila"

"No, that's not enough.  I want you to answer my questions with a sentence and
the sentence is to start, Master. So you say, my name is Sheila, etc. 
Understand?"

"I understand that I am to reply to your questions with a sentence.  My name is
Sheila"

"How old are you?"

"I am 26 years old"

It was very strange holding what was to all intents and purposes, a normal
conversation, when I was in anything but a normal situation.  The realisation
that I was tied upside down to a kitchen chair in front of a visible audience
talking to an invisible audience, came home to me forcibly.  Whilst I was being
tied up I had kind of tunes out the audience, but now they were being brought in
to participate in what was happening. I discovered that I was having a physical
reaction to that knowledge and it was quite exciting.

Johnny continued.

"What are your measurements?"

"My measurements are 36D, 26 waist and 35 hips."

"How tall are you?"

"I am 5feet eight inches tall."

"Is this your first time in bondage?"

"No, this is not my first time in bondage."

"How old were you the first time you were tied up?"

"I was nineteen when I was first tied up."

"Have you been fucked whilst in bondage?"

"Yes, I have been fucked whilst tied up."

"Did you enjoy it?"
"Yes, I did enjoy it.  It was great sex and I came like an express train."  I
was getting turned on by my confession and the memories that came with it.

"Did your lover make you suck his cock after he tied you up?"

"Yes, I sucked his cock when he had me tied up."

"Did your lover cum in your mouth and did you swallow his cum?"

"No, he pulled out of my mouth and came over my face."

These questions were going far deeper into my experiences than had Katrina and
Johnny's at the interview.  I realised I had not hesitated to answer any of the
questions that had been asked, but had replied promptly.  Maybe being tied up
had liberated me, somehow.

"Did your lover give your oral sex when you were tied up?"

"Yes he did, and made me come very hard.  It was my first experience of oral sex
and it was amazing."

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

"No I have never been fucked in the ass."

"Have you ever been spanked, caned or whipped?"

"I have been spanked, but have never been caned or whipped."

"Who spanked you?"

"My husband has spanked me on a number of occasions."

"Was this part of foreplay or was it a punishment?"

The first time was a punishment but it led to fucking. The other occasions it
was foreplay because my husband realised that it had turned me on being over his
lap.  And it had turned him on also."

"That's enough questions for the moment.  Let's move on."

I mistakenly thought that this was the end of my first 45 minutes and was
surprised at how quickly it had gone, but I was wrong.  Johnny came and knelt
down in front of me.

He gathered my hair and smoothed it into a pony tail securing it with a piece of
soft leather similar to what had been used at my interview to bind my breasts. 
He lifted my head up by pulling on my hair and ran the leather strap up the
centre of my back, down between my legs and tied it of to a rung which ran
horizontally  I was left  looking forward, with my head tilted back as far as it
would go.  This position put a strain on my neck and impeded my breathing
slightly.  It also meant that my mouth was more comfortable open than shut and
swallowing now became something that I noticed rather than an involuntary act.  
Again Johnny stood back whilst photos were taken and my discomfort was caught on
video.

I heard a buzzing sound.  I twisted as best I could to see where it came from. 
Johnny had a clitoral vibrator in his hand.  I had seen them in the catalogue at
the undies party  where I had purchased the dildo.  It had a long stem with a
small concaved head that was designed to fit over the clit and provide all over
stimulus to that organ.  I had been tempted to buy it but hadn't done so in the
end. 

"Now for that little pleasure we promised you, Sheila.  I want you to show our
audience how much you are enjoying this experience by cuming for them."

He moved over behind the chair and slid the crotch of my panties to one side. 
"I see you are already wet.  Come over here Ted, and get a close up of this nice
wet cunt for our audience." 

Ted, the video man came over and stood close to Johnny.  I noticed for the first
time that a video monitor had been placed where I could see what was being
broadcast. In the monitor I could see a close up of my own cunt and ass!  This
was a first for me.  The shot showed my upturned bottom with the skin stretched
tight, the area between my bum cheeks was clearly visible,  the pucker of my
anal opening and my slightly spread cunt were centre shot.  There was a shine of
liquid surrounding my cunt lips. The fabric of my panty crotch was pushed up
over one cheek of my ass and was clearly wet where it had rested over my cunt. 
As I watched in fascination Johnny spread my cunt lips using two fingers, so the
camera could look down into my opening.  He placed the head of the vibrator
against my clit, rubbing it gently around on my sensitive spot.  I was already
aroused and the vibrator soon had an effect on me.  I closed my eyes, the better
to concentrate on the sensation.  My arousal soon had me squirming against the
hold the bondage had over me.  My legs tensed,  my stomach tightened, my
buttocks tightened, I could feel my anus begin to pulse in rhythm with the
contractions of my cunt around Johnny's fingers that we now slipping in and out
of my cunt.  Then Johnny pressed his thumb against my anus, gently forcing it
into me.  This was all I needed to take me over the edge and I started to
climax.  Air escaped from my throat in a low voiced imperative "Yes, yes, yes."
I concentrated my mind on my sex, feeding the physical reaction with my mental
arousal.  I had a shattering orgasm, despite or perhaps because of the
restrictions caused by my bondage.  I shut out my audience: this was for me not
them.  My audience was incidental and unimportant.  My cunt was my life, my
climax the pulsing centre of my being.  It had been years since I had climaxed
so hard and so easily. I was loving it.
Johnny kept the vibrator going through a minor earthquake of repeated orgasms. 
When he removed it I begged him to put it back.  He didn't and gradually I came
down of the mountain top to find I was still bound head down in a studio, with a
number of interested observers and an unknown number of people watching me via
the Internet.

Johnny was standing chatting with Katrina whilst the video man, whose name I
could no longer recall, continued to move around me, giving his (and my)
audience continued coverage of my reactions.  Up until now, this had always been
a very private moment, shared only by the partner I was with at the time.  Now
hundreds, maybe thousands of people, probably mainly men, had watched me during
this most personal and private activity.  I was ashamed and embarrassed, yet
proud.  I had really not expected to be able to cum with so many people watching
me, but I had and with a vengeance.

I was left there for a little while.  The discomfort of my position began to
impede upon my euphoria.  The edge of excitement was fading.  I was unable to
maintain my arousal as I would have if I had been at home alone with my
vibrator.  True, the climax had been earth shatteringly more than anything I had
been able to induce with my modest little vibrator in the privacy of my home,
but it had been short-lived in comparison to my love trysts with my vibrator. 
But I was no longer my own boss.  Right now, I was literally at the mercy of
others, whether I was to get another climax was not for me to choose, unless I
could escape to the loo during the interlude.

After a little while Johnny spoke to the young man who had been his gofer and
instructed him to untie me.  That was something I hadn't expected.  The video
man put his camera down and helped the young man to lower the chair back down so
that I was again kneeling in an upright position and the ropes were quickly
removed.

I was given 15 minutes break.  The same was not so for Candy and Claire.  Johnny
now moved to give them some attention.  I watched as he took hold of a round
piece of wood about three foot long on the end of which was a black rubber
dildo.  He greased the dildo, then went and stood behind Candy.   He pocked the
dildo through the cage between her buttock cheeks which were spread due to the
low crouch she had been forced into.  The man was standing close to Johnny and
the video screen showed how Johnny first teased her cunt and then her ass with
the end of the dildo, rubbing it up and down the crease between the two
orifices.  He eventually decided that it was to go into her cunt, and I watched
fascinated as the dildo slowly sunk between her cunt lips, until it was fully
embedded.  Johnny tied a rope to the end of the rod using the doubled up rope
and a loop to give him two free ends, one of which he secured to the top rear of
the cage and the other to the bottom rear.  This left the wooden rod sticking
out behind Candy held into her cunt by the rope, but with a degree of lateral
movement available.  Johnny teased her by tapping the end of the rod so that it
moved sideways, backwards and forwards between the palms of his hand. 

Leaving Candy to the doubtful pleasure of the slightly swinging rod, Johnny
moved over to Claire.  Katrina handed him a harness of straps running from a
pad.  I had seen one of these advertised in the magazine at the lingerie.   It
was called a butterfly vibrator.  Johnny fixed the between Claire's widespread
legs, securing it with the straps provided.  It required a little manipulation
as Claire's bondage had effectively pulled her crotch into the pipe to which she
was secured, but Johnny was obviously and expert at this and soon the vibrator
was in position and switched on.  Claire began to vocalise her pleasure as the
vibrator began its work.  Katrina brought a ball gag over.  "You'd better gag
this noisy slut, other wise she'll blow out the microphones."  So Claire was
gagged.

I had stood watching all this in wonder.  Sandy came up behind me. "I suggest
that you should get a quick drink, there are soft drinks over by the wall. 
Being under the lights can dehydrate you if you're not careful."  I took my eyes
of the scene in front of me, looked where Sandy pointed and decided that it was
a good idea.  We walked over together.  "That was some performance this morning. 
Was that a pretend climax or did you actually cum?" she asked me as we pored our
drinks.

I turned to her.  "O, there was nothing faked, that was the real thing. It was
something else.  I've only cum like that once or twice before.  I think that all
this is a big turn on."

"Good, then things can only get better."  I wondered if everyone here spoke in
song titles.

We turned and watched the video man circle Candy and Claire. "Doesn't he ever
take a rest I asked?"

"He'll hand over the camera to Tex, that's the young man, for the next set." 
Once we start a broadcast we try to keep something going out all the time.  Even
during the lunch break, either Claire or Candy will be entertaining the audience
to keep them online. They pay as they view.  The longer they stay on the more
money we make.  And with all the salaries we have to meet, the more there are
and the longer they stay connected the better.  There are currently 2,485
subscribers online"

I was astounded. "How can you do that, you've only one computer." 

She laughed, "We send the input to the web centre, and they can handle 10,000
subscribers at one time.  The wonder of modern computers never ceases to amaze
me."

We chatted desultory for until we finished our drinks, then she wandered off
back to the computer and I went and sat down in a comfortable chair at the side
of the room to await my next curtain call.

End of part two




Bondage model to bondage slut.

If you are under the age of consent in your locality or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.

Part Three

Johnny called me back to centre stage.  "Ok, now we move onto the hogtie."  For
this you'll need to loose the dress.  I started to lift the hem.  "No not like
that. I'll be cutting it off in a moment.  That's part of the enjoyment for our
viewers, watching you loose your clothes whilst you're unable to prevent it.  So
let's get started." He turned me around so that my back was to the viewing area,
which had now gained several chairs and some additional people.  He placed my
hands palm to palm, and proceeded to tie my wrists, then my elbows using the
same piece of rope which he looped over each shoulder then tied off behind
between my shoulder blades with a cinch pulling the shoulder ropes together so
that they would not slip.  I was then assisted in climbing up on a solid wooden
table that had been brought to centre stage. Johnny laid me down so that I was
lying on my front.  The table was not quite long enough to take my whole body.
It ended at my knees, but that soon proved to be just what Johnny wanted.  He
tied my ankles together, then bent my legs and tied my ankles to my wrists. 
"This is a simple hogtie," he informed me.    You will find yourself in a number
of varieties of this tie, but this, in its simplicity, is the base."   He
stepped back to allow Tex and Katrina to get some close ups of the bondage.  It
was strange to be lying on a table.  I had been bent over our kitchen table,
whilst Sam had taken me from behind, I rather licked it, but this was the first
time I had actually lain down on a table.  I began to think that I must make a
very interesting ornament   When they were finished with the lose ups, Johnny
returned  with a pair of scissors in his hand.  "Now its time to lose the
dress."  Tom came over and assisted Johnny to turn me on my side so that I was
now facing the front. Johnny slowly cut down the centre front of my dress from
top to bottom.  The lower part of my dress slipped down to rest on the table. 
Johnny lifted the upper part and draped it down over my back.  Again he stepped
back to allow Katrina and Tex to get good pictures of my front.  I could see on
the video screen that Tex was panning up and down my body, giving the viewers a
good view of my underwear.  With my arms pulled tight behind my back, my firm
breasts pushed out nicely in front of my body with no sign of sideways droop.  I
was pleased that my regular exercise routine was showing such good results.  My
garter belt framed my panties making, I was sure, a sexy picture.  Tex lingered
on my panties, which were wet from my the residue of my climax and which had
conformed to the shape of my cunt, which could clearly be seen through the now
transparent material. When the photographers stepped back again, Johnny stepped
forward with the piece of soft leather, which he had used at the interview.  I
knew he was going to be tying it around the base of my breasts and that they
would again be hard and sensitive.  Johnny reached into the cups of my bra and
lifted my breasts out into the open, and proceeded to do just as I had expected. 
Soon my breasts were hard balls of tight flesh, with my nipples sticking out
hard in front.  Tom assisted Johnny in rolling me back onto my front.  Now what
previously had been a fairly comfortable position now became something
different. Most of my body weight now seemed to be pressing down on my very
sensitive breasts. I groaned and tried to lift my front so that my weight didn't
all rest on my breasts.  It hurt. And I had to do  something about it.

I was able to lift my upper torso just enough to relieve the pressure by pulling
against my ankles.  The hogtie was quite helpful, it allowed me to apply just
enough force. As well as lifting my upper torso, it also lifted my knees as my
whole body bowed to take the strain.   But it was a strain that I doubted that I
could maintain..  I could feel it in my shoulders where the muscles were doing
most of the work. Now my whole weight was pressing my belly into the table. That
was uncomfortable, but not painful.  Johnny had stepped back and again the
audience was getting great video of my straining muscles and the concentrated
look on my face.  I held the position for a little while but eventually had to
relax.  Again my weight rested on my breasts.  Slowly the pain grew until I knew
I would have to try again.  So again I strained my body into a bow to lift my
breasts up off the table.

Johnny came back to the table. "Would you like me to help you?" he asked.

"Yes. Please do something.  My tits hurt like this."

Johnny started to gather my hair in his hands.  "How can that help?" I asked.

"Wait and see."  I waited as he put my hair into a ponytail just as he had done
when I was tied into the chair.  He the proceeded to pull my head back and tied
my hair into my ankle bondage.  Now my body upper body was lifted off the table,
relieving some of the pressure on my chest, but now I had two other areas that
hurt.  The first was obvious, my hair was pulling painfully against my scalp. 
The second was not so obvious.  The bending back of my head put pressure on my
throat.  The muscles in my neck were pulled tight against their normal position. 
I could feel pain beginning to build in the back of my neck and in my stretched
throat.  I had exchanged one centre of pain for three!!!

I began to complain.  That didn't last for long.  Johnny produced a new gag.  It
was a mettle ring, which he forced into my mouth behind my teeth and secured
there with a strap that went behind my head. 

"Our clients don't want to hear your complaints.  But the do like to hear your
groans.  This will give them the best of both worlds."  It might give them the
best of both worlds, but it didn't do much for me.  I found I had another pain
centre.  With my mouth forced open beyond its normal position, the muscles in my
jaw soon began to protest.  In addition the ring pressed into the top and bottom
of my mouth.  So I now had six areas of pain.  I began to wish I had settled for
the first.  Having thought again about my breasts I realised that they too were
aching.  Although they were no longer as painful as when my whole weight lay on
them, the tight bindings were still having an effect and a dull throb began to
build up.  The bondage was making me very conscious of various parts of my body. 
It reminded me some what of straining against the pain thresh hold in my
exercises.  Now that I had a point of reference, I found that I could, if not
suppress, at least endure, the various pains.  I began to feel myself rising to
the challenge of subjecting the pain to the control of my mind, so that I could
come through it to the other side of the pain barrier.  

So I endured.

I opened my eyes, which I had closed whilst I came to terms with what was
happening.  I could see myself on the monitor.  I smiled inwardly.  I thought to
myself, "I can do this.  With practise it will become just another exercise."
And so I started on this new  road in my life.

Johnny, astute as I was to realise that he was, saw the change in me.  He
smiled, a knowing smile.  He knew that now he had me, and he would enjoy pushing
my boundaries.  He approached me with a pole similar to the one I had seen him
use on Candy.  He brought the end of the dildo to my mouth and pushed it in
through the ring gag.  He turned the dildo around in my mouth until its end was
glistening from the saliva that had built up and which I had been unable to
swallow.  I gagged slightly as the dildo touched the back of my throat. 
Although I had given head on many occasions, I had never taken any of the
various cocks right into my mouth.  I realised that in this position, with my
head back, my throat was a straight line and it would be possible for Johnny to
push the dildo right in.  But he didn't.  He removed it from my mouth and went
down behind me.  I felt him push aside the crotch of my panties,  and the dildo
began to invade my body.  It was thicker than any cock I had taken, and longer. 
I could feel it spreading me.  Johnny pushed it into its hilt and I could feel
it against my cervix. Slowly he moved it in and out of me.  I could see from the
video monitor that Tex was concentrating his camera on the action.  This public
dildo fucking was being videoed by a man who would have been only just entering
puberty when I lost my virginity!!  And it was being watched by more men than
had even seem me in my bikini.  Now I was not only half-naked, I was painfully
tied up and in no position to stop this violation, even if I had wanted to. 
Before when I had been fucked, I had always had the veto, I could have stopped
it. Now I had absolutely no control.  I could not even protest. It was all
completely out of my control.  I was truly the sex object that the feminists
were forever going on about.  Some how that idea added to my excitement.  Maybe
I was a secret submissive.  Maybe all these years I had just wanted to be
somebody's slave.  The idea intrigued me.

Although the plunging of the dildo in my cunt was very pleasant, it didn't
increase my arousal.  It kept me boiling nicely but I was not going to get a
climax form this. My slightly bent position form the hogtie lifted my clit up of
the table, so there was no friction there.   This was all for the audience. 

After a while Johnny removed the dildo from my cunt and brought it around to my
front and again I found myself with its rubber length filling my mouth.  This
time I discovered that there was a new taste on the dildo.  It was almost
overpowered by the taste of rubber, but it was there and identifiable. I guessed
that it must be from my own body.  My own sexual juices.  I found that I tasted
differently to the men I had taken into my mouth.  I had gone down on a woman,
so I didn't know if all women tasted like me, but I supposed that they must do. 
Always before, my own taste had been mixed in with that of the man if I sucked
him off after he had fucked me.  Now because this was a dildo, I was only
tasting myself. 

Johnny returned to the other end of the table, and I felt the head of the dildo
pressing against my ass.  I had never taken anything in there but my finger.  I
hoped that he wasn't going to put it in me now.  I didn't feel ready for that
yet.  Sensing this Johnny only teased me.  I watched the video screen as he
moved it around first pressing it slightly into my anal pucker, then sliding
down my crease to my cunt, where he rubbed it up and down between my cunt lips
without penetrating then up again to my ass. He did this a number of times
before pushing it right into me.  When it was fully in me, he left it there,
resting the end of the rod on the back of the chair that had been placed in
position for him.  I was then left to "enjoy" my experience.

For the next fifteen minutes or so, the camera watched first me, then Candy,
then Claire, then back to me.  I saw all three of us from many angles, sometime
from a distance when all of us were in shot, sometimes close up one of but
showing the whole person and her predicament, sometimes close up to our genital
area to show our various situations.  I realised on one of these that Candy's
dildo had been moved from her cunt into her ass!  Whenever Claire was in shot it
was obvious that she was in a state of almost constant climax.  I really had to
try out the butterfly vibrator.   Whenever I was I shot, I tried to move around
as much as the ropes would allow me.  There were people out there paying to
watch me.  I didn't think they wanted to just see a slab of meat, they wanted to
see me. So I pulled against the ropes, first this way and then another, flexing
my body as much as I was able, wriggling so that the pole attached to the dildo
in my cunt waggled. I was becoming an exhibitionist.  I wanted to give these
guys a thrill, get them horny, and maybe even get them to cum in front of their
computers.  If I could do that, then my discomfort and pain was achieving
something. 

At the end of this time, Johnny came over to me and removed my gag.

"The viewers have a few questions for you.  Please answer in full sentences as
before. Do you understand?"

"I understand that I will be asked some questions and that I am to answer in
complete sentences."

"Are you enjoying being tied up?"

"Yes, I am enjoying being tied up for your pleasure."

Johnny smiled at my addition to the expected answer.

"How do your tits feel?"
"My tits are very sensitive and they hurt when I lie on them.  This position
helps a lot."

"How do you like the dildo in your cunt?"

"The dildo in my cunt is nice, but it would be even nicer if it was a real cock
with a man attached to the end rather than a piece of wood."

Johnny smiled.  "There are a lot of guys out there that would like to take its
place. "

Johnny looked down at his list of questions. "We see that you have a belly
piecing.  Have you considered other piercings?"

"I have considered having my nipples pierced, but I haven't got around to it
yet."

"We have noticed your tattoo.  Are you considering having more tattoos?"

"No.  I had this one done when I was a teenager.  Me and my sister had them done
at the same time."

Johnny looked up from his sheet of paper.  "Does your sister live locally?"

"My sister moved into the big city, but we get together every other weekend."

Johnny turned to his list.  "One more, have you every been suspended?"

"I have never been suspended."

"Well that will soon no longer be true.  You have 15 minutes rest break; the
you'll be giving it a try."

The camera moved away from me to Candy.  Tom came over to release me.

End of part three.




From bondage model to bondage slut.

If you are under the age of consent in your locality or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.

Part Four

My second fifteen-minute break was spent disposing of my now torn dress,
reapplying my makeup, going to the loo, and a brief massage to relieve some of
the tightness in my muscles.  The break time rushed by and all too soon I was
back on set.

Candy and Claire had been removed from their background bondage.  It was their
lunch break so I was centre stage on my own.   Johnny came up and turned me to
face the back of the set so that the audience could see him apply the tie to my
arms.  

"The secret of good suspension is to spread the load as much as possible.  As
this is your first time I am going for the folded arms position because it
allows me to put plenty of supporting wraps in place.  He laid my arms beside
each other elbow to wrist and looped the rope around them from one end to the
other.  Further loops of rope went around my waist and chest, both above and
below my chest, over my shoulders.  I felt him building up netting of rope
around my upper torso. "That will supply the support."  He brought down a pulley
from above me, secured it through the rope brace behind me, and pulled it
upwards until I was on tiptoe with a slight forward lean.  It was actually quite
comfortable if somewhat disconcerting.  I had to stretch my feet downwards to
maintain contact with the floor.  My forward posture gave me a feeling of
insecurity moved my centre of gravity forward of the vertical.  What if the
pulley rope slipped?  I thought that I would probably end up face down on the
floor.  Johnny stepped back to allow the photographers to do their bit.  I was
still dressed in my bra, panties, garter belt and stockings, so I didn't feel to
badly exhibited, but I knew that wouldn't last.  In both the previous sets, I
had ended up showing my all to the audience, so I knew that this set wouldn't be
any different.  Johnny had also hinted that I would loose the rest of my
clothing during this shoot.

He approached with his scissors.  "Time to lose the bra and give the audience
another view of your lovely tits."  Three snips of the scissors, and my bra was
gone forever.  Now your panties.  These were damp from my previous and current
excitement.  Losing them would reduce my discomfort slightly.  (I had been going
to take them off during the interval, but it had been vetoed." Now came my first
nasty surprise.  Johnny screwed my panties into a ball, ordered me to open my
mouth, which like a fool I did, and he pushed the wet, smelly remnants of my
panties into my mouth. It was horrible.  He quickly fastened them in using some
black parcel tape.  The first piece he pulled deep between my lips, forcing the
panties to compact in my mouth, then he wrapped three or four more turns of the
tape around my head to hold everything in place.  The ball gag and the ring gag
had been unpleasant, even painful, but I did not have the fear that now
prevailed upon me.  I was so afraid of chocking if I swallowed and some of the
material got into my throat.  I made conscious efforts to breathe only through
my nose. 

For the moment, Johnny decided to leave my garter belt and stockings in place.

He stepped back and the cameras moved in. It was an interesting ballet between
the two photographers as the moved around me in such away as to both get clear
shots of me without the intervention of the other photographer.  They were
obviously a well-rehearsed team.

Johnny returned with another piece of rope.  He stepped into shot, knelt beside
my left leg and secured my ankle.  He then lifted this off the floor and bent my
leg so that my ankle was touching my thigh and proceeded to tie my ankle to my
thigh.  He used up the whole piece of rope on this tie, running several hitches
to tighten the rope.  He again stepped back.

I was precariously balanced now on one foot.  My new position had altered my
centre of gravity again and I found myself having to hop as I attempted to find
a balance point that kept my toes in contact with the ground. I grunted through
my gag with each hop.  I was now more worried about falling over than about the
panties jammed in my mouth. Johnny solved that problem for me by tying my right
ankle and lifting it to my thigh to tie it there exactly as he had my left.  I
no longer had to worry about balancing, as I no longer had an anchor point.  I
was now swaying above the floor, hanging from my shoulders.  Johnny gave my
bottom a hard slap. I yelped with the unexpected pain. Now I was swinging in a
slow arc, backwards and forwards, my body following the line of force applied to
me by that smack on my naked arse.

He smacked me again, this time to my left arse cheek.  This changed the
direction of sway so that my body was now moving in an ellipse.  He left me to
slow to a stop, and then smacked me again on the centre of my arse, followed by
a slap to the right cheek so that I conformed to the same ellipse with a
different focal point.

He stood to allow the cameras their time.  This time I noticed from the video
monitor, that Tex was centring on my arse cheeks to show the imprint of Johnny's
hands.  This also meant that my asshole and cunt were also centre picture.

Johnny returned with something metal in his hand.  He showed it to me.  "This is
called a clamp.  It is going to decorate your chest in a moment.  Hem stepped up
to me and steadied my body so that he could reach to my nearest breast.  He took
my nipple in his hand and pulled down towards the floor.  I tried to squeal
because his grip was hurting me, but it only came out as a forceful grunt
through the cloth stuffed in my mouth.  He attached the clip, squeezing my
nipple painfully.  Now I not only squealed but I also tried to pull my body away
from him.  The result was that a forceful sideways swing was applied to my
hanging body.  Johnny actually laughed as I swung away from him.  He seemed to
be amused by my forceful reaction.  He stepped back to allow the viewers to
enjoy my predicament and to allow time for my body to slow to an almost
stationary position.  My nipple burned from the painful squeezing of the clamp. 
This was not something I had expected or bargained for.  The pain from first the
spanking and then the attachment of the clamp, was beyond anything I had
expected but I had no choice but to endure.  My hands and feet were useless for
defence and my mouth was gagged so that I couldn't even protest verbally.  I was
at Johnny's mercy.

When I stopped swaying, he approached with a second clamp.  This was wickedness. 
I tried to swing my body away from him but of course, I couldn't really get
away.  I watched through pain slitted eyes as he attached this second fiendish
device to my free breast.  I again tried to scream and my body convulsed away
from him. 

When my body eventually came to rest, Johnny stepped forward again with the
familiar sot leather and proceeded to tie it around the base of my breasts,
pulling the skin over their surfaces into a tight drum.  This added additional
pressure to my sore nipples.  The pain in my breasts had subsided to an ache. 
The ache was now intensified and my whole attention was centred on my breasts. 
I dearly desired to get away from this painful ache and return home.  I didn't
believe I could endure this horrible pain.  Then I heard a buzzing sound. 
Johnny was bringing that clitoral vibrator forward. He slowly rubbed it up the
inside of my legs, teasing me, before bringing it to my cunt.  He allowed it to
slip inside me, into my still wet sexual mouth.  I began to rouse as my
attention was drawn away from my painful chest to my stimulated love tunnel. 
When he was certain that he had my full attention, he allowed it to slip out of
my cunt and along my slit to my love button. He moved it against my clitoral
hood, looking for my perky little friend, which despite my pain and discomfort
decided to come out and play.  My body was betraying my logical mind, which was
saying to me, "There is no way that you can get excited in this situation."  How
wrong my logical mind was for I was most certainly getting aroused again, and
with a vengeance.  My body seemed to know better what I needed than my mind did. 
Very quickly, my muscles were tightening as my arousal grew rapidly towards a
climax.  Just before I reached it, Johnny stopped.  "Not yet, my pet, not yet."

Moving up my body, he pressed the vibrator against first my right nipple, then
my left nipple.  I couldn't believe it when my body reacted to this by roaring
into an almighty climax.   I was screaming through my gag, this time in ecstasy
rather than pain.

Slowly I came down from my climax, to find myself still bound in exactly the
same position.  I had stopped swaying, but Johnny had not yet released me.  I
had received my reward, now I had to endure to the end of the session, but
somehow it no longer seemed an impossible task.

I hung there gently swaying for an unknown amount of time, until Johnny stepped
forward to remove the nipple clamps.   The video camera was zeroed in on my face
as Johnny removed the first of the clamps.  The pain on removal was greater than
the pain of attachment as the blood slowly returned to my nipple, but I found I
could bear it.  The second clamp was removed and now the pain was doubled. 
Again I heard the buzzing.  Again Johnny brought me remorselessly to a body
jarring climax.  And again I forgot the pain in the extremity of my sexual
arousal.


End of part four.




From bondage model to bondage slut.

If you are under the age of consent in your locality or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.

Part five

When I came back to earth from my climax it was to see the eye of the video
camera.  Those strangers out there had watched me in this most intimate of
moments.  They had watched the agony and ecstasy on my face, just like a lover
would do.  Maybe I now had a thousand lovers?

After I had been released from the suspension I was told it was lunchtime.  I
was taken to the rear of the set where a coffee table had been set up with a
tray of cheese straws and pots of assorted dips. There was only one chair at by
the side of the table.  I sat down in it.  It faced the audience. I was still
naked, as I had not been offered any replacement clothes.   I would be eating my
lunch whilst naked and under the eyes of thousands of men who were no doubt
remembering my performance. Candy was brought over and made to kneel at my side.
My ankles were then tied to the back of the chair up high near to the seat. 
Using the same rope Johnny tied my lower body into place. My cunt was now wide
open for my viewing public.  Candy's ankles were tied to her thighs so that she
could not stand, then her hands were tied behind her.  Johnny told me that as
well as feeding myself, I was to feed Candy her lunch.  This was going to be
some "break" for us.  Still, I suppose the break was that the bondage was quite
easy.

Claire meanwhile was being moved centre stage.   She would be the centre of
attention for the next hour, but it would seem that we would be providing the
background.

The table on which I had lain for the hogtie had been brought to centre stage
and Claire was tied up exactly as I had been, complete with ring gag.  Then came
my surprise, Two naked guys came in to shot.  One was Tex, he other one I hadn't
seen up to now.  Candy whispered to me that the new guy was Claire's husband,
David.  They were both sporting a semi erect cock.   David, Claire's husband was
first up and he slowly inserted his cock into Claire's gaping mouth.  Slowly he
moved it in and out for its full length.  She must be taking it down her throat,
I thought to myself.  The video moved close in and I could see her throat
moving.  I could also see that David's erection was growing harder and fatter
and longer.  It had been impressive semi erect, it was now very impressive. 

Candy nudged my thigh with her head. "Please feed me, I'm hungry."  I had been
so fascinated I had forgotten the food.  For myself I wasn't feeling hungry,
just excited.  Still, I picked up one of the cheese sticks, dipped it into one
of the little tubs on the tray and fed it to her. I kept half an eye on the
events centre stage.  I had seen the occasional porn movie, but this was the
first time I had witnessed live anyone involved in one. 

As I continued to watch, David removed his cock from Claire's ring gagged mouth
and made his way around to where her cunt was overlapping the other end of the
table.  It was just registering on my conscious mind that the table was just the
right height to allow a standing man easy fucking access. David guided his prick
to her cunt, which the camera was able to show was very well lubricated.  He
then bent his upper body over her and braced himself on straight arms.  This I
surmised was to allow the camera to view his penetration of his bound wife's
cunt. 

Again Candy had to remind me to feed her so I fed her another cheese stick after
scooping up a nice large dollop of dip.

As David was sinking his hard cock into Claire's cunt, Tex was sinking his into
Claire's throat.  I suddenly realised that having her head tied back by her
hair, as mine had been earlier, made a throat penetration easy.  Her mouth was
pretty much in line with her throat. I watched as Tex sank his cock into her
mouth until his hairy balls were slapping her chin and her nose was buried in
his crotch hair.  He held himself tight into her whilst David stroked in and out
of her cunt several times.  I saw her begin to struggle as the air in her lungs
began to run out. 

I saw David give Tex a signal.  Tex moved back so that the tip of his cock just
rested inside her mouth.  David was in a similar stance between her legs.  The
camera focused on her face as she gasped for breath.  The camera moved back
until all three were again in shot.  David gave Tex another sign and they
plunged their cocks forward in unison penetrating her deeply at both ends.  They
proceeded to fuck her in unison matching inward and outward stokes.  David had a
hand clutching each of Claire's breasts, whilst Tex had his cupped behind her
head.  Both were using their different handgrips to make the fucking stroke as
firm and deep as possible.  Tied as she was, she could only try to co-operate.
She was in reality totally helpless.  She was a fucking masturbation tool for
the guys and they were using her for their pleasure. 

Candy kept on nudging me to feed her, and I did so, but my eyes never left the
tableau in front of me.  I was seeing myself as the centrepiece to the action.
Somehow the idea tied up and then of being fucked silly by two total strangers
whilst a whole bunch of other total strangers watched was something I really
wanted to do.  I was getting aroused again.  I couldn't help myself, and even if
I could have done so, I really didn't want to.  This whole experience was
something else.

After what seemed a long time the guys had still not climaxed.  They changed
ends.  Now Claire had her husband's cock in her throat and Tex had his stuck
deep into her fuck box.  They set up another co-operative rhythm.  This time
though Tex fucked in to Claire's cunt whilst David pulled out of Claire's mouth,
and vica versa.   I watched fascinated as between them they brought Claire to an
earth shattering orgasm.   Her body went rigid as she strained against the
bondage in her involuntary spasms.  The guys stopped and held still both of them
with only their cock heads in her, until she relaxed.   Then they changed ends
again, and they reverted to the former rhythm, which they continued until at
another signal from David they both let themselves go into their own orgasms.  I
could see that their spasms were almost but not quite in unison.  However the
rigidity of their bodies as they hit their climax and as they both thrust
themselves as deep into her body as possible to get the best effect, between
them they actually lifted her body into a tighter bow.

When they had finished cuming they each made her clean every drop of cum, both
male and female, from their cocks.  The video camera got a great shot of both
cocks part way inserted into her mouth at the same time.

When she had cleaned off their cocks to Johnny's satisfaction, he guided over a
pulley to just above the centre of the hogtie rope where her ankles and wrists
joined.  He lowered the hook and set it into the loops between her ankles and
raised the pulley until Claire was bowed so tightly that only a couple of inches
of her straining stomach were in contact with the table.  She was left there
like that for the cameras to record her discomfort. (And to spend a little time
staring up between her naked thighs at her very wet cunt.)  Now that most of the
action was finished, I concentrated on feeding Candy and managed to eat some
myself.  I realised that these nibbles had been chosen because they would
alleviate the pangs of hunger without bloating us.  It could get quite painful I
surmised with ropes tied tight over a full stomach.

Eventually Claire was released form her hogtie and sent off to have a shower. 
The table was cleared away and a bed was brought into the centre of the set.

Johnny came over and released Candy and I from our bondage.  "You will be in
this next scene together," he told us.  He led us over until we were standing
next to the bed. 

He started with Candy instructing her to fold her arms behind her back, cupping
each elbow in the palm of the opposite hand.  He tied them together wrapping the
rope around the arms several times along the length of the arms.  From there he
wrapped her upper body above and below her breasts. He applied a cinch between
the breasts and at the side of her body where the rope disappeared under her
arms for the back body wrap.  This caused the ropes to press into the base of
her breasts, ballooning them out. With the same rope he performed a waist wrap
into which he pulled her wrists. He tied the rope off and then proceeded to tie
me the same way.  It was actually quite a comfortable tie except for the pulling
downwards of the wrists into the waist tie.  I was beginning to discover that
every tie he used had its own devilish twist.

Tex brought over a couple of items that I hadn't seen before.  Each was a bunch
of straps and in the centre was a double-ended dildo. These turned out to be
head harnesses and one end of the double-ended dildo was a gag, which he pushed
into our mouths.  This end of the dildo was fat but short.  It filled my mouth
but didn't enter my throat, thank God. The other half stuck out about 7 or 8
inches in front of our faces.  

Johnny had us climb on the bed and lie down facing each other, in a 69 position. 
It now became obvious where the dildo sticking out in front of my face was
supposed to go.  Johnny sprayed some lubricant on the rubber cocks. Johnny
brought forward a long piece of the soft leather he had used for tying my
breasts.  He tied this to the top of my head where a ring was placed in the
overhead strap.  He lifted Candy's upper leg and pulled it up at an angle so
that her knee was by my waist, whilst pushing my head between her legs so that
the lubricated dildo sank into her cunt. My nose was now very close to her
asshole. The other end of the leather strap was lashed around her ankle.  He did
the same to Candy.  I felt the dildo sink slowly into my still damp passage and
soon I could feel Candy's breath whispering against my crack.  The tie between
head and leg permitted a small amount of movement, enough to allow me to move my
head back so that my nose was away from her body.  In doing so, of course, the
dildo slid back out of her cunt slightly.  By pulling down on her leg, she
could, and did, bring my head back and the dildo back into her cunt.  Johnny
left us for a while to experiment with this movement. I had never been intimate
with a woman, so for me this was a totally new experience.  I soon discovered
that although this particular position was interesting, there was no way we were
going to bring each other off.  There was no friction on our clits and despite
what the Victorians liked to think, virginal penetration on its own was no way
to satisfy a woman's urges.  Still, it was pleasant enough this being locked
together and being forced to co-operate for even the small amount of please
available to us. It some ways, it was a very sophisticated torture.

I could hear the camera's clicking  away and I knew that the video would be
recording all this for posterity. (Or rather for all those horny guys out there
watching via the Internet.)   At least we were on a soft surface, so that was
some compensation for what I thought could turn boring.

I felt Johnny, (I assumed it was Johnny, I couldn't see of course) take hold of
my free leg and pull on it until we were lying down the centre of the bed.  He
secured a rope to my ankle pulled my leg straight, and tied it off to one end of
the bed.  He did the same with Candy, tying her ankle to the centre of the other
end of the bed. 

I heard the noise of a vibrator and felt it as it touched my clit.  I would have
thought that it very difficult to get to my clit, tied as we were, but someone
managed it.  Now life started to get interesting again.  My body was reacting to
the stimulus in what was now becoming a predictable fashion. My body began to
strain against my bonds as the muscles in my body tensed from my excitement. My
head went back further and the artificial cock came with it.  Candy feeling my
build up, pulled me hard back into her.  So we seesawed backwards and forwards. 
Then just as I thought I would go over the top, the vibrator was removed and was
taken around to Candy's love button.  Now she was the one getting the stimulus,
she was the one tensing her muscles, she was the one whose head was flung back
as she arched into the spasms coming from her cunt.  Now it was me pulling her
back so that the dildo would move in and out of my cunt, keeping me at least
involved in the proceedings and keeping me warm for when the vibrator returned.

Johnny did not let her reach her climax either.  He removed the vibrator from
her and came back to me.  Again he played with me until I was very close to
cuming, then stopped and went back to Candy.   This became a delirious game. 
Each return swept me more quickly to the point of near climax before the
torturer removed the pleasure tool.  I became fully absorbed in trying to get to
the point of ecstasy before he stopped to go back to Candy.  This was extended
foreplay of an exquisite nature.  Up to now, foreplay had lasted maybe five or
ten minutes and the actual sex act itself sometimes even less.  I realised that
performed by the right person, bondage could extend foreplay by a considerable
length of time.  Why had I never realised this before?  My college experiments
were fine, but nothing like this.  My sex life up to now had not been anything
to write home about, but today I had come more times than I had in the last
year.  I had been a simmering pot all day that had come to the boil in a
spectacular fashion several times and it was fantastic.  Now I was being kept
simmering, unable to push myself over the edge, but finding that it did not
really matter. The waiting for the inevitable was exquisite.

Of course, eventually, the inevitable happened and I reached a shattering
climax, which was soon followed by Candy.  We shuddered against each other,
straining our every muscle against the bondage in the throws of out mutual
orgasms. Being tied to another girl whilst she was coming heightened my
experience, enhancing it.  Our reactions fed upon each others, keeping us both
boiling over.  If I hadn't been gagged, my screams of ecstasy would have been
heard blocks away. 

I am told that after an earthquake there are after shocks, which go on for a
period after the big one.  Well I can tell you that were the case for Candy and
me.  We "suffered" from aftershocks!  Therefore, it took a little while for us
to calm down to the point where we were no longer setting each other off.  We
lay there for what seemed only a very short time after that before Johnny
started to release us.  I was amazed to find that we had been tied up together
for 90 minutes.  It had seemed a lot less than that. 

Johnny sent us off for a fifteen-minute break.  We were still both naked but it
had ceased to matter.  I was, though, a little embarrassed about the fact that I
had had sex with another woman.  It was a first for me, and I felt something
like I had the morning after losing my virginity.  Excited but embarrassed, not
knowing quite what to say, where to look or what to do.  But Candy soon put me
at ease by talking about how fantastic Johnny was, about how inventive his
bondage was, how good he was at it, how good sex was when tied up.  It was like
my old bull sessions with my best mate back before I got married.  I had shared
a lot with Linda right from the experience of my first period, through my first
kiss, my first boyfriend's inept but exciting fumbling attempts to get into my
clothes, through to losing my virginity, right through until we drew apart when
we both got married.   I wondered what she would think about all this.  Maybe
I'd give her a call to get together for one of our irregular lunches but maybe
not.  Not at least until I had come to terms with all this.  I had to get used
to the fact that I must be some sort of freak to get my rocks off whilst
helpless and at the mercy of others. It just couldn't be natural, could it?

Candy was asking me if I had a computer at home.  I replied in the negative and
told her that my husband had a lap top computer that he took with him to record
details of his meetings with his customers and set up delivery schedules with
them.  She asked me it I knew how to access the Internet.  I confirmed that Sam
had shown me but that I hadn't used it very much.  "Look if you speak to Johnny
he'll get you a computer delivered, top spec with fast Internet access.  Its one
of the perks of being a model here.  He likes us all to be able to see what goes
on to the net.  For me, I load down the video files in which I take part.  I
like to watch myself.  It's an ego thing I guess.  My boyfriend likes to put the
photos on screen so that he can copy the ties.  It has really improved our sex
life."

"Does he come into the studio with you?" I asked curiously.  What I really
wanted to know was whether he fucked her in front of the cameras as I had seen
Claire's husband do, but I shied off asking the question directly.

Candy understood the question I was trying to ask and laughed.  "You bet he
does.  He loves it.  He gets fan mail from the women who watch and from some of
the men too."

"How long have you been doing this and how did your boyfriend become involved?"
I asked, feeling myself getting wet again as the idea of Sam fucking me in front
of all these people began to take root.

"I started work here as a receptionist after leaving college about eighteen
months ago.  Kevin and I were already an item then.  I quickly learned what went
on.  You weren't the first to audition by getting tied to a chair in Johnny's
office.  That's his usual modus operendi.   The first time was six weeks after I
started.  By then I knew about the type of photography that Johnny specialised
in and had come to terms with the idea, but it is different to actually see
someone in the flesh tied up with her cunt and tits hanging out of her clothes
than it is to look at a few photographs.  I tried to be nonchalant about it but
Johnny could see that I was interested.  So after the potential model left, he
asked me if I wanted to audition. I had seen some of the cheques that went out
to the models so I knew they got paid well, much better than I did for a lot
less time worked.  So I agreed and soon found myself bent over the chair much as
you were.  I was the youngest model they had ever used to that point.  I had my
eighteenth birthday three weeks before I started work here." 

"I did three shoots before Kev found out. Johnny had arranged for a new computer
to be delivered and Kev came home early one day and caught me watching one of
the videos in which I took part.  At first he was just curious. I stood up and
let him sit down on the swivel chair in front of the computer and I sat on his
lap. He watched for about ten minutes before I appeared. He cock was as hard as
a rock.  The he saw me.  Johnny had finished his first scene and so the camera
zoomed out from viewing the main model and I came into the picture. Even though
I had only been set decoration, hanging around in the background chained to the
wall, I had, of course, been naked with arms and legs spread.  There were a
couple of close up runs up my body showing off my newly shaved cunt. He was
furious. I had not told him about becoming a model and so he was taken totally
by surprise.  He dumped me on the floor and stood demanding an explanation.  I
stuttered a little but explained that how I had been offered the job and what it
involved.

He made me show him all the videos I had downloaded from the site.  As he
watched, he got horny as hell.  He told me later after he had got used to the
idea, that if he got horny watching then he was convinced (rightly so) that any
man watching would also get horny.  At first he didn't like the idea of other
men wanking off at the sight of his girlfriend naked, never mind the fact that
she was also chained up to a wall whilst another woman was being tied up and
abused in the foreground. Still it did lead to one hell of a good fuck session. 
Afterwards we talked about it and I agreed that I would talk to Johnny to see if
Kev could be present at my next filming session when I was due to get my test
just like you have today.  Johnny agreed so Kev took the day off his work to
watch me as I was tied up in very similar fashion to you. Kev got really horny
and during the lunch break he took me through into Johnny's office and fucked my
brains out.  He didn't know about the permanent video cameras in there so he
didn't realise that we were being broadcast.   Johnny told him at the end of the
day when he asked him if he would like to be part of the team.  Now he comes in
when I'm the main performer."

All this was said very calmly and matter of factly as if there was nothing out
of the ordinary in what she was saying.  We sat in companiable silence for the
rest of the break until Johnny called me over for the final set.

End of part 5




From bondage model to bondage slut.

If you are under the age of consent in your locality or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.

Part Six

Johnny led me over to the centre of the photo area where a framework of pipes
had been erected.  It was basically a vertical square.  Across the base was a
wooden plank with two holes about five feet apart. This plank was hinged and at
the moment was open.  Johnny had me stand so that the openings in the planks
were around my ankles.  "This is known as leg stocks," he told me.  The object
of these was obvious, to keep my legs secured wide apart. 

Having secured me in the leg stocks he pulled my wrists behind me and tied them
together, then fed the rope up behind me to the centre of the pipe that ran
above my head.  He continued to pull on this rope until forcing me to bend
forward from the waist. He continued to pull until my arms were stretched in to
a vertical position above me and my upper body was horizontal.  This actually
put a considerable strain on my shoulders.  I tried to flex my knees forward to
reduce the strain but it was impossible because of the fact that my legs were so
widely spread.  This position effectively kept my legs straight.  This position
also caused my breasts to hang down from my body under their own weight and my
long hair was now hanging down towards the floor.

Johnny approached with the strip of leather that I knew meant that my breasts
were going o get tied.  I watched as he turned my lovely soft breasts into hard,
sensitive balls of purpling flesh.  This piece of leather though was longer than
the previous ones.  After he had tied off my breasts he had a long end dangling
from the side of each breast.  He led each of these down to my knees where he
tied it off, resulting in my breasts being pulled over towards the respective
leg.  This added a backwards and sideways pressure on each breast that
compounded the effect of the compression on their bases. 

Johnny stood back to allow the photographers and video camera room to get their
pictures.

When he was satisfied that the viewers had got a good look at me, Johnny came
back over to me.  This time he took my hair into his hands and smoothed it until
he had it in a ponytail behind my head into which he had threaded another piece
of leather.  He then pulled my head back using my hair to do so, and secured the
leather he had threaded into my hair to my wrists.  This pulled my head back,
adding two more points of strain, across my stretched throat and my scalp where
my hair was being pulled upwards to support my head.  To complete this part he
brought forward a dental mouth spreader, which he inserted behind my teeth and
used to spread my mouth to its maximum.  Yet another point of strain to compete
for my attention with the others he had applied.  

Again he stood back to allow the subscribers time to admire the bondage he had
applied to my by now helpless body.

Strangely I was finding that these competing points of strain were having an
aphrodisiac effect on me and I was beginning a low sexual burn.  Something deep
in my psyche was reacting to what was happening to me.  I wondered how much of
this was due to the restriction of the bondage, how much was due to being naked
and sexually available, and how much was due to the knowledge that I was the
object of the lust of an unknown number of men (and perhaps women).  I had
always being a bit of an exhibitionist, dressing in the most provocative clothes
I could find, right from the time I started to develop in my teens. I had always
enjoyed being the centre of attention and had shortened my skirts as far as I
had been able to get away with.  I had maintained this provocative way of
dressing right through until after I got married.  I had cooled it in my outer
clothing but had continued it in my underwear and bedroom wear.  It had kind of
been wasted a little recently since Sam had started working away such a lot. 
Maybe I was an exhibitionist at heart.

Johnny came forward with some leather straps dangling from one hand and two
rubber dildos in the other.  He went round behind me.  I felt his fingers
smoothing a cold cream into my asshole.  It was obvious that I was going to get
one of the dildos in there and the other in my cunt.  Of course, I was now
unable to object, even if I wanted to.  With my mouth fastened wide open by the
dental spreader I couldn't make any coherent noises. Tied as I was, I couldn't
move my body away from him.  I just had to let him get on with it.  When he was
happy that I was sufficiently lubricated, he slowly eased one of the rubber
cocks into my ass. No lubricant was necessary for my cunt because I was flowing
like river.  When both the prongs were settled in me to his satisfaction, he
used the straps to fasten them into position by securing one strap tight around
my waist then the other strap was fed between my legs front to back and attached
front and back to the waist belt.  I enjoyed the fullness but other than that
there didn't seem to be any purpose to the dildos.  I was in no position to make
them move about in me, they were just there.

Johnny stood back for the cameras to project the art form that was me to all
those lascivious subscribers.

After the photographers had finished their circling of my body Johnny came over
and slowly ran his hands over the stretched skin of my body, exploring the way
my muscles were tensed against the various strains, talking to the audience as
he did so, pointing out to them the effects of the bondage.  Eventually he stood
in front of me, and leaned forward to cup my hard breast mounds in his hands. 
In doing so he brought his mouth to my ear and began to whisper telling me how
all the men watching wanted to fuck me.  He told me that there were men out
there who would love to replace the rubber cocks in my ass and cunt with their
own hard fleshy rods.  He told me that they would love to cum deep in me,
painting my cunt and ass walls with their sex cream.  He told me that in this
position my mouth was just right for deep throat fucking and that they would
love to make me swallow their cum until my stomach bulged with their offerings. 
He told me how much he knew I would love to be fucked and that next time, if I
wanted it really bad, he would arrange for me to get some nice hard cock. He
told me that he knew that I loved being tied up, and that he could arrange for
me to be tied up and fucked as often as I wanted.  He asked me if I wanted to
suck cock now.  He could call Tex back in for me if I wanted.  He reminded me
that he had a real nice fat cock and that he loved fucking girls in bondage and
I was a girl in bondage.  I could not move my head so I couldn't let him know
how much I would like to get a real cock right now.  I would prefer to get it in
my cunt, but anywhere would do.  I just wanted a cock.  I was ready and willing
and tied as I was I was sure able. I tried to speak through the gag. "Fuck me.
Fuck me" was what I tried to say, but it just came out as a grunt of expelled
air. I defy anyone to make coherent sounds when their mouth spread as wide as
mine was, especially anything beginning with F.  Lips are needed to pronounce F
and K for that matter. So I did not get what I wanted.  But I did respond in my
head.  I had to acknowledge to myself that I had been turned on and still was
turned on, by everything that had happened to me.  And I realised that I want
more, much more of this same treatment.  This was sexual torment of an exquisite
nature. 

Johnny stopped whispering to me and stepped back. I felt the dildos begin to
vibrate. I was already at the crest and so within seconds I crashed into a
tumultuous climax, screaming my pleasure through the ring gag.  That at least
was possible.  Wave after wave of please racked my already taught body.  Every
muscle in my body went into spasm. I could feel myself jerking like a spastic
eel in rhythm with the contractions of my cunt and ass.  I had heard the
expression "mind blowing" but this was the first time that I was actually party
to that kind of experience.  It was wonderful, beyond description, but I was
experiencing it.  Nothing would ever be the same again. I was hooked.  A sex
addict.

End of Part Six

If you like this please Email me at
master2124@tiscali.co.uk
I would love to hear from you.




From bondage model to bondage slut.

If you are under the age of consent in your locality or you find stories of
bondage, pain and humiliation offensive, then why have you downloaded this
story?

If you are a discerning adult, then please read on.

Part Seven

After I was released from the final bondage, Candy took me through to the
changing room where my "going home" clothes had been left.  She was already
dressed herself, quite sexily in fact.  Her "going home clothes consisted of an
elasticated top just big enough to cover her breasts and a matching mini skirt
in a deep red, shiny latex that moulded to her figure.  She wore black knee high
boots over red self-supporting thigh high stockings the tops of which ended
below the bottom hem of the skirt. Around her neck was a black leather collar
with her name on a silver plate in the front centre. She looked stunning; she
had the figure and the presence for it.  I'd only ever seen outfits like her's
being worn by whore's strutting their stuff on Main Street.  But she didn't look
like a cheep whore, more like a high-class call girl.  I felt quite shabby in my
jeans and tee shirt.

"Would you come for a drink with me before you go off home?" she asked. (She
knew that I was on my own as Sam was away.)   "I find I need a drink after being
done up like a pretzel, it helps me to relax, before I go home and get ready for
Kev."  I wondered at her turn of phrase.  She didn't say get Kev's meal ready,
as I would expect, but "get ready for Kev."  I gave that some thought as we went
out to her car. She seemed to be pleading with her eyes for me to say yes.

"Yes, OK.  I would like to have a drink with you.  I would like to talk to you. 
I have some things I want to ask you, if it's OK with you?"

"Please do, I'll answer them as truthfully as I can," she responded, guessing
that what I wanted to talk about was what we had been involved in together, the
shared sex, as well as the bondage. 

She led me out to the street to her car, which was a compact sports car.  It was
a bright red. I looked at her. "Yes, it fits the whore image doesn't it?"  I
disagreed; I thought it was more a man's pickup car, a penile extension.

When we were in the car and on the way, I decided to take the bull by the horns. 
"When you say get ready for Kev, what do you mean?"  She glanced at me and
grinned.

"You're a sharp one aren't you?  I mean just what you're thinking.  This
morning, knowing I was going to be taking part in your test session, he told me
to be NBLSRtbF, which means Naked, Bound, Legs Spread and Ready to be Fucked. 
And I'd better be and I'd better be inventive, or he'll punish me, which can
mean anything from a hand spanking to a whipping.  You see we're right into the
BDSM scene.  He's my master now.  That's why I'm dressed like a call girl.  I
hate it, but he says that as I'm behaving like a fucking whore, then I can dress
like one. So whenever I do one of these sessions, I end up dressed like this or
worse." I wondered what could be worse, but she didn't enlighten me.

Candy pulled up outside a beer keller that I had been in occasionally with Sam
and we went inside.  Candy chose a seat at the bar, which meant that her already
short skirt slipped up to give the guys in the bar and eyeful of her legs right
up almost to her ass.  I sat on the next seat and could clearly see the crotch
of her panties.  "This is also part of my master's instructions," she told me. 
"No hiding away in a booth and pretending that I'm dressed normally.  I have to
flash it, just as a proper whore would do."

"How would Kev know if you didn't do what he said?" I asked her. "Is there some
one here reporting back to him?"

"No, but he knows when I'm lying.  I blush.  So I have to do what he says.  If I
don't he finds out and I get punished.  Sometimes I blush just at the thought of
what he's made me do, and I get punished anyway."  

"Don't you ever feel like packing your bags?"

"Don't be daft.  I love the lug and he loves me, although he has a strange way
of showing it some times.  Although having said that, when I can't sit down
because my ass is covered with wheals from a whipping, I have given it the
occasional passing thought.  But I've usually earned my punishment (Except of
course when its part of a Johnny scene) and as you've discovered, the sex can be
something else.  Before I got involved with Johnny, sex was good but half an
hour was the most it had ever lasted.  Now he can keep me cuming for fucking
ages.  Have you heard of cock harnesses?" She asked out of the blue.  I shook my
head.  "Well they come in various configurations, but the intention is to
restrict the cock so that ejaculation doesn't happen too quickly.  When Kev
wears one, once he gets hard it keeps him hard, and he can fuck me for
absolutely ages. Kev's learnt a lot from Johnny.  I spend a lot of time at home
in bondage.  If I'm good, he'll keep me on the edge for ages and then he'll push
me over.  And he loves to fuck me when I'm helpless.  I used to be a one hole
woman, now I'm three hole Lil.  He loves me to suck his cock and he is the best
cunt licker in the business. We don't have the equipment Johnny has, but then
it's not necessary at home.  I do have lots of sexy playsuits and underwear. 
Unlike Johnny, Kev doesn't like to waste money on clothes by cutting them off,
but he does like me to be available to him when I'm in bondage.  So I have lots
of open crotch panty and bra sets.  I have many blouses and dresses that button
or zip up the front and Hot Pants that have zips through the crotch from front
to back. We also have chastity belts, but chastity has little to do with why we
have them.  They are so that he can fasten me up with my cunt and ass filled
with dildos or vibrators when we go out.  I love the theatre, but he's not keen. 
He takes me to every new play and keeps himself amused with his little radio
controlled vibrating chastity belts."  I was fascinated listening to her.  "What
about you and your guy?  Now that you've found out what's its like, will you be
getting into it at home?"

"He's never shown any inclinations in that direction, and he's away from home so
much with his new job.   I only see him at weekends and not every weekend. He's
been away for ten days now and he's not due home for another ten days.  That's
probably why I was so horny today.  I'm not getting fucked enough."  I couldn't
believe I had just said that!

Candy looked at me for a moment.  "Well, if it's fucking you want, Johnny has a
bondage fuckfest broadcast coming up this weekend.  It lasts from Friday evening
to Sunday evening, 48 hours of live broadcast. You can get more stringent
bondage, lots of fucking and get paid for it.  Not all the fucking will be by
real cocks of course, but a lot will be.   Members pay a small fortune to come
in to the studio and take part.  So there's lots of new cock, all certified
clear of STD's of course.  Different ages, different techniques, but all bondage
enthusiasts.  You'll not be the only model, of course.  Most of the girls come
in for a fuckfest.  Its quad pay, plus any extras."

"What are extras?" I asked.

"Extras are such things as being suspended by your tits, whippings, breath
control, ridding the plank, electrical, piercings, that kind of thing.  If
you're fancying adding to you belly ring with tit rings, then you could get paid
extra for that. You get even more for cunt piercings."  I was baffled by breath
control so I asked her about that.  "That's where the Master control's when and
how you breath.  It might be something as simple as having a plastic back over
your head to something more complicated like a head mask with breathing
apparatus.  Whatever is used, you are deprived of air until you're almost ready
to pass out before they let you breath again.  You'd be surprised at how
inventive some of these guys can be at finding ways of making a girl suffer."  I
sat there for a moment.   I didn't fancy any of the extras, but I did like the
idea of getting fucked.   I had always been a one man woman up to now, but I was
spending a lot of time on my own, and this seemed to me to be a way I could kill
several birds with one stone.  I would be getting paid big money, which would go
a long way to clearing my debts.  I would be getting fucked, an important
consideration, but even more, there would be no danger of becoming involved, and
so I rationalised, it would be feeding an appetite not committing adultery.  And
best of all, I would be getting more bondage experience and I found that the
idea of being tied up was having a growing fascination for me.  I told Candy to
sign me up for the weekend, but not for any of the extras.

We chatted some more until our drinks were finished, then returned to her car. 
We continued to talk as she drove me home.  Just before she got to my apartment,
she turned to me and asked me what I would be doing until the weekend.  "Nothing
much, just a little housework and generally hanging about." I told her.  So she
invited me to pack a case and come and stay with her and Kev.  "I'm sure that
"hanging about" with us will be more fun than hanging about on your own," she
said with a mischievous grin.  I grinned back and agreed.  Candy parked outside
my apartment and came up with me to help me to pack.   We went through my
clothes, choosing only the sexiest outfits.  It was a lot of fun going through
my things with a girl friend.  That was  something I'd missed since we got
married, having a girlfriend to share with.  When we had finished I only just
had a suitcase full.  "Girlfriend," Candy said, "you and I are going to have to
go and spend some of your hard earned cash on some nice clothes for you."  I
agreed eagerly, I loved to shop, and I had earned the money myself, and looked
set to earn a lot more!

End of Part Seven




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master2124


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





