BDSM Library - A Lesson in Cock Control




A Lesson in Cock Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sadistic black dominatrix punishes a slave for his lack of cock control.
A Lesson in Cock Control

The crack of the sleek riding crop blistered the silent darkness and echoed off
the concrete walls as it hammered another violent battery on the hard, throbbing
penis that was its target. The owner of the tortured cock made the only other
sound detectable in the gloomy darkness, in the form of muffled grunts and
cries; responses to the assault on his manhood that might otherwise have roused
the dead if not for the fat dildo gag lodged in his mouth and down his throat,
securely locked in place and preventing all but the primal sounds such as the
kind coming from the bound, captive man.

The perpetrator of the pilloried man's suffering was a tall, shapely and very
cruel dominatrix. Her jet-black skin and voluptuous curves never ceased to make
men drool, and she loved it. From the time she had grown into young womanhood,
Julia was constantly barraged with the attention of men, many who, in their
lusty zeal would offer to do anything to be with her. A variation of "Baby, you
are so fine, I'd do anything to get next to you" was something she had heard on
a daily basis. As she got older, through her days in college days, she began to
wonder what it would be like to actually make these fellas live up to their
claims. Soon, she had sexual fantasies about forcing men to do all kinds of
things - unspeakable things - just to please her. She even began to fantasize
about making men endure anything that she wanted to do to them just for her
pleasure.

Julia Hicks had never really been conscious of her sadistic desires, but
somehow, perhaps by some kind of erotic osmosis, she had in a very short time,
grown into a practicing, if not a lifestyle, dominatrix. By day she was a
popular disc jockey (or "air talent" in the current jargon of the radio
business) at the powerhouse Hip Hop station in town, shouting our props and
keeping it real with her warm, engaging and witty banter. By night, she was
Mistress Julia, a cruel, sometimes savage domina, with the only shouting out
occurring when her victims weren't quite so thoroughly gagged as the suffering
supplicant now before her.

"I said that I wanted this piece of meat soft, bitch! I told you that if you
couldn't, or wouldn't, control that thing of yours, I'd do it for you!" she
scolded as another crack of her crop made contact with the bruised flesh of her
slave's cock.

"Do you remember what my orders were, huh?" Julia growled. "You were not to cum
for two weeks, remember? Well, slut, it turns out that you were actually able to
handle that assignment. I can tell when you are lying, and I can certainly tell
when that dick of yours has been jerked off, and to my surprise, you've kept
that thing under control as I commanded. I was proud when you came here today,
knowing you had endured a fortnight of sexual tension and frustration at my
request."

Looking her captive right in the eyes, her face close enough to kiss, Julia
continued. "I had planned a nice reward for you - a nice slow ass fuck with my
new strap-on, with you being allowed to release all of that pent-up need as I
maul your prostate. But you fucked up. You, slave, fucked the whole thing up.
And do you know how?" she barked, "by showing up here with an erection! Damn,
damn, damn, damn!"

With that she pulled away and slammed her crop once again on his battered
manhood.

"I want it soft now. SOFT...NOW!"

Her suffering supplicant would have liked very much to see his cock go flaccid.
He couldn't understand why it was so hard, nor could he plead for mercy, or even
ask for a little reason from his tormentor. Everyone knows that cocks have lives
of their own, he thought, getting hard at the least opportune moments and, all
too often for some men, not getting hard at the most opportune moments. All he
knew is that he wanted to cum, and for that pleasure, he had to endure this
indescribable torment if he was to remain a slave to his gorgeous mistress.

What Ethan Lewis didn't know was that his raging hard-on was not just the
product of his 14-day abstinence, but also one induced by the Viagra Mistress
Julia had spiked twenty minutes earlier in the mineral water she had offered
poor Ethan just prior to having him pilloried. Julia laughed at the thought of
her cruel deception. "But what the fuck?" she thought, "this is my game and I
make the rules."

Tears were streaming down Ethan's face as Mistress Julia turned her gaze to meet
his just as she administered another violent blow - what would be the last,
though Ethan couldn't know that - to his suffering cock. "Looks like you can
follow some orders, but not others," she offered in an angry purr." Too fucking
bad for..."

As she looked down at her target once again, her words stopped, in sudden
amusement - satisfaction even - as she saw its hardness seem to seep away as it
meekly retreated - offering its surrender - into a state of small, humble
softness, as if finally broken

"My, my, bitch. It looks like a little bit of torture goes a long way. Maybe you
are finally understanding some basic realities, as in you get hard when I say
so, and you get soft when I say so. It's really pretty simple. Now, maybe, we've
got both of your heads on the same page."

Stepping toward Ethan, Julia wiped a tear from his cheek. Reaching down, her
head barely touching his bruised meat - just a finger tip grazing the surface of
his flaccid member - and a wince of pain emanated through his gagged mouth. "Oh,
baby, it hurts so much. I can only imagine. But now I want to give you your
reward. So, Ethan, do you still want to cum, huh? Do you, whore?"

Ethan tried to nod, and managed to wiggle his head just a bit. Shaking tightly
from side to side, Ethan was trying to signal his mistress that he'd rather wait
for his reward. Despite is two-week abstinence, he was tired, beaten, bruised
and so head-fucked that he just wanted to go home, or perhaps to the E.R. But
Julia had turned away, not looking at all at Ethan's response.

"Ethan, it was silly of me to ask you about letting you cum right now. Of course
you want to, and I think I want you to as well. After all, little boy, you have
earned it. However," the beautiful, dark sadist said, as though the thought had
just crossed her mind, "I wonder how you're going to get any pleasure from your
cock, you know, with it being so black and blue. Well, just the same, you
handled the two weeks and took your punishment, so I say its time for you to
enjoy a really nice release."

Laughing cruelly, Julia untied Ethan from the wall, assisting his tired legs and
walking him to a padded wooden sawhorse just to the left of where he had just
been pummeled. She pushed Ethan so that his stomach was directly on top of the
structure, then tied off his limbs so they were as wide apart as possible.
Approaching his head, Julia took Ethan's face in her hands and began extracting
the cruel gag. "Oh, I know, Ethan, how much you like having big cocks like that
in your mouth, but you really can't suck dick 24/7, can you?" she laughed.
"While you work your jaw muscles back into place, Mistress is going to prepare
your reward. I can only imagine how much pent-up fucking cum you've got backed
up in those balls. I'm tired of wondering, so what do you say we find out, huh?"

In a move that was very unorthodox for "Mistress Julia," but one she
particularly enjoyed in her vanilla life, when a handsome record rep. or adoring
fan tickled her fancy, and her clit, Julia got on her knees, wedged her head
right to the spot where Ethan's flaccid dick was now resting, and began to suck
it. Ethan's member was smaller than then those of the black studs she
occasionally pleasured in this way ("God," she thought, "I really like big dicks
in my mouth," though she could never say such a thing to one of her subs) but
she purposefully wrapped her pouty, full lips around the bruised head and began
to fellate Ethan.

"Oh, fuck," Ethan cried, with a vexing mixture of pain and pleasure confounding
his libido. "Mistress, please don't...it fucking hurts...it, feels...oh, no,
Mistress, pl-l-l...damn, nice, ouch, oooh, not like...." Ethan was lost with the
pain of his flesh and the need in his loins engaged in something that felt to
Ethan like mortal combat, and he wasn't even sure which side he was on. He would
remain neutral for only a few more moments. Soon, under Julia's expert
ministrations, Ethan's manhood was hard like steel.

"Think you can follow orders this time, slut?" Julia barked. "Unlike a bit ago,
when you needed to get soft and stay that way, now I want you hard, and I want
you to stay that way. Simple, don't you think? Since you didn't have a problem
being hard before, I'm sure you'll have no problem now staying erect for your
Mistress Julia, will you, Ethan? For your sake, you little ho, I hope not."

With the sexual wires in his head now a tangled up mess, Ethan began to sob.
Soon tears were streaming down his face and onto the floor while quiet pleas for
mercy, release, SANITY, escaped his throat.

"Settle down, slut," Julia snickered. "You want it bad, I know, and I'm gonna
give it to you. And knowing how bad you want it, I'm gonna give it to you just
the way you like it - brutal and hard with my new strap-on. I'm not going to
show you how big it is, 'cause I don't want to hear any pleas about it being too
big and all of that nonsense. I'll even spare you all the details about what I'm
gonna do. You, Ethan, my confused, anxious little whore, are going to take my
cock up your sweet ass, and then you are gonna cum when I tell you too. That's
'cause I got mad love for you, baby. And damn your ass looks fine."

All Ethan could hear was the sound of Julia's preparations for fucking his ass.
He waited nervously, trying to keep his cock hard. So far he was successful,
perhaps, he thought, because the overload of testosterone was winning out over
the pain. Then he felt a gentle hand touch his cock. "Still hard I see. Good
boy," he heard Julia say. He also felt her hands gently messaging his cock, with
the now familiar mixture of intense pain and primal pleasure flooding his
senses.

Then he felt it, as Julia forcefully pulled his ass checks wide apart. Ethan
heard a low moan escape her lips, and then he felt the invasion. Julia, cruel as
she could be, knew she couldn't just ram it in to Ethan, as is often described
in some of the porn she had seen. But she did want him to feel it - this massive
cock of hers - so she made sure that even as she proceeded judiciously, she
maintained inward pressure; never pulling, always pushing.

"Baby, you got back," she snickered as she forced her strap-on further inside
her whimpering victim. "Ah, yeah, this ass is m-m-m-mine, mmm, whew, yeah," the
nubian queen oozed. Soon she was all the way in, her "balls" meeting his. As
this happened, she started stroking his cock. Gently at first, then more
demandingly, Julia soon had a rhythm established between her ass fucking and
cock stroking, with the result being a slave lost on a dark, fantastic
dreamscape of pain and pleasure. Ethan looked so lost - as if trying to
comprehend a world he no longer knew - and Julia loved it. The site of her slave
in such a state of humiliation, confusion and deep, deep arousal made her hot
and wet and even more demanding. After pummeling him for a few more minutes,
Julia stopped.

"Gotta take a little breather, bitch. But don't worry, baby, Mistress has got
lots more cock for your ass!!" Then, almost gently, the wicked dominatrix cooed,
"Ethan, you have been so good, even though I did have to give you some mild
punishment. Next time, if you can't control this cock of yours, I'm going to
have to use some severe measures." Julia laughed for a moment at her taunting.
"Now, slave, see if you can control your cock as I have instructed."

Giving Ethan's battered dick several long, deliberate stokes, Julia told him
that she was going to pump and stroke him ten more times. As the tenth
simultaneous ass fuck/cock stroke occurred, he was to cum.

"Here we go, boy. It's time for your reward."

With that, the ebony goddess began a vicious assault on poor Ethan. "It's all
here for you, bitch. Take my cock - two - and cum for me-e-e...fuck, yeag!. Take
my...damn...fucking big dick - five- uh..up your fucking slut
a-a-a-shole..shit..." Julia's savage arousal was now beginning to peak as she
continued counting. "Whore, Ethan, you damn, oh, wow...eight...m-m-m,, mmmother
fucker. You had....nine...better cum for me..."

Quiet, still, the violent passion slipped into a calm moment of cloying poise.
Then...with a growl of anguished lust...

"YOU BITCH....TEN! As her final thrust hammered into him and her strong hand
tugged insistently, rubbing over the sore head of his cock, Ethan hit the moment
of crisis. At first he screamed. Then, as if even such a guttural cry as that
was insufficient, Ethan opened his mouth wide, eyes agape like dark moons in his
head, and some sort of silent scream escaped him just as his cock went off like
a battleship deck gun, in violent throbs, blasting out cum in amounts so big
both he and Julia were awed, and almost scared.

Absorbed in his own orgasm, Ethan could scarcely have been aware that Julia had
a raging climax. As Ethan was thrashing about, Julia was pounding into him,
stroking him, and blasting off into her own glorious "O."

Both dom and sub stayed locked to each other for a few minutes, each too weak to
move. Finally, Julia moved, dismounted her slave, untied him and reclined in the
plush leather sofa on the other side of Ethan.

"Baby, you are one fine bitch, you know that?" Julia whispered. "Get over here
and lick my beautiful black pussy. And I hope you learned your lesson. That cock
of yours had better be hard!"

As Ethan pulled himself onto his shaky legs and momentarily stretched his aching
limbs, he saw his lovely mistress staring toward crotch, which was hidden by the
top of the sawhorse. "Don't fuck up, slut," Julia cooed as she crossed her
exquisite legs. Stepping gently to his left, so that he could fully present
himself to his dominatrix, both Ethan and Julia took in the sight of the "hard"
evidence that he had indeed learned his lesson.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris2


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





