BDSM Library - Flight 444




Flight 444
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My first encounter resulting from a dating service exceeded my wildest expectations.
Flight 444

Flight 444 wasn't due for another 20 minutes, but on time. My mind drifted to
the improbable chain of events leading to my being here at gate 32 waiting for
Terri. She is a black, 39 year old, married schoolteacher from Atlanta, who has
two children and a husband with a prominent position in the school system. I
wondered, what is it that triggers a fantasy in a woman? Is it related to past
events?  Was it a dream barely remembered? Where do these secret desires come
from?  Terri would later tell me it was a desire to break an old taboo. As a
young woman she was told that any kind of romantic relationship with a white man
was strictly forbidden, and definitely socially unacceptable, it was the
forbidden fruit. As fate would have it, I had the extreme good fortune to be the
apple tree she saw on "adultmatchdoctor". Her fantasy came to the surface almost
a year ago when she and her husband were watching a porn video.  The "star" was
Rocco (somebody) a well-endowed blonde stud, as well as the usual array of
female partners.  In the last scene a shapely attractive black woman undresses
Rocco and gives him a first class blow job. Terri becomes really inflamed and
finds herself wanting to be that black lady with Rocco's cock deep down her
throat.  For whatever reasons Terri becomes fascinated as they continue with the
various sexual activities and she is near orgasm when, in the final scene, Rocco
succumbs to the black lady's mouth and gives her a load worthy of a porn star.
Terri said she wanted to be that black lady, enjoying the fruits of his labor.
She got her husband to rent the video again, but the third time he said it was
no longer available. She suspected he became uncomfortable with her fixation on
that video.

It wasn't until a few weeks ago that Terries' fantasy rose to the surface again.
Out of curiosity, after a friend told her about adultmatchdoctor , she was
scanning the profile photos and came across mine.  "There it is, that big blonde
cock."  She looked at the photos awhile, didn't reply with a message, but did
remember "thebiggulp".  A few days later, curiosity got the best of her and we
started emailing. When, in graphic detail, she told me about her fantasy, I
became hooked (what man wouldn't). After convincing each other we were sincere
about our mutual attraction, and not just " cyber-sexing", we made arrangements
to meet. To be sure, we exchanged phone numbers. She sent me a copy of her
airline ticket to Tampa and confirmed my hotel reservations for us.

No mistaking Terri as she walked from the gate. Very attractive, long wavy black
hair, taller than I imagined. She was dressed in a business suit, the skirt
short enough to reveal nice legs. She was wearing these sexy blackstrap shoes
and I thought, they must be uncomfortable; why not jogging shoes so we could run
to the room?  We stood there a moment looking into each other's eyes as if to
say, "Is this is real?"  "You are much better looking than your photos," I said.  
She smiled "Are those blue eyes real?"  "Do you mean contacts? No they are real"
I replied. " I thought, in just a few minutes you're going to find out how real
the rest of me is.  I took her by the hand and soon we were in our room. 	
	
She put her bag on the chair and came over to me. We caressed and kissed. Damn,
those soft thick lips, her hot wet inviting mouth. She smells great, what is
that intoxicating perfume she is wearing? Her body is slim yet curvaceous.   She
removes everything except her bra and panties, white silk and lace, so sexy on
this dark-skinned beauty.  I'm getting hot and hard at the touch and taste of
her . I strip to my shorts, which are bulging and wet from my arousal. She grabs
my crotch and drops to her knees saying,  "I gotta see this" She pulls down my
shorts, my cock jumps out. "  Oh baby, that's it, that's what I want" and starts
kissing and licking my erect cock. "Lets get in bed, we will be more
comfortable." She is under me; I rub my cock over her face to let her lick it. I
remove her bra, nice breasts, very dark nipples. I kiss and suck on them. I
slide my tongue down her middle, wetting her navel. I pull off her panties
revealing a thick bush and a very wet pouting pussy. Her clit is larger than
most, and erect.  My tongue completes its journey and is now exploring her pussy
with long laps. With my hands pushing her legs back, I rock her bottom as my
tongue explores her sweet wet pussy. Pushing her legs back to allow maximum
penetration, I tongue fuck her.   I wished my tongue were as long as my cock as
I wiggled and twirled my tongue inside her.  She is on fire now, "lick it baby, 
lick it" and grabs my blonde wavy hair and pushes my mouth hard against her
clit. I lick and suck it furiously. She is moaning,  " suck me baby, oh god suck
me" and soon she is skimming through multiple orgasms. Finally she becomes very
sensitive, so, I come up for air and roll on my back, my mustache soaked from
her sweet juices.  She caught her breath and said " Mr. Barry, ...you are one
mighty fine pussy eater." A moment later she is between my legs, licking my cock
and balls. " Terri, stop we are missing the action, let's set up the camera."  
"Oh shit, I almost forgot," she said.   I am hard as a rock as I try to set up
the camera and tri-pod, normally an easy thing.  She is licking and sucking me
as I try to complete this task. "There, we are ready, what do you want to tape?"  
"My fantasy, baby." I want to suck you off and I want it in full color and
sound". "OK let' try this.   Lay on the bed on your tummy facing the camera and
Ill get it focused on your beautiful face.  Before we start, put extra lipstick
on those beautiful lips, this will be in color." She rested her chin on my
abdomen and got started. We viewed the film later, which got us hot all over
again. There is my big cock in front of her face with her hands squeezing its
base. " See this big beautiful blonde cock? I am going to suck it dry, I'm not
going to stop until I get it all" she said as the camera rolled. Her mouth and
tongue were relentless; the audio portion captured her fantastic sucking sounds
as her saliva drenched my cock and balls. It wasn't long before my load gushed
from her mouth, down my lipstick- covered cock and balls. She kept going until,
as she promised, she had it all. As my cock went limp she kissed and rolled her
tongue over the head, smiled as she licked her lips and said "yummy" for the
camera.

We replayed it several times and soon I was hard again. Terri, seeing my
erection, got on all fours," fuck me " she demanded.  I got behind her and
holding those great black cheeks in my hand, licked and tongue-fucked her again.
then rubbed my cock over her ass and pussy.  "Don't tease me, fuck me," she
said. She was hot and wet, but tight, as I slowly penetrated. Slow short strokes
at first, then deeper. "Oh god, oh god, it's good" she moaned, knowing there was
more to come.  Almost there now, I lean over and lick her ear as I whisper " let
me know if you can feel this", and I give her the full measure. Buried to my
balls, I hold it there. She starts to quiver, then shaking her head cries out 
"Holy fucking shit, what a cock, oh god baby fuck it, Jesus baby, fuck me, fuck
me". And I really did fuck her good!  Its always better the second or third time
around, I can last much longer. 

We took a break, showered and went to lunch.  She seemed quiet, maybe just super
mellow, we didn't eat much. Gazed into each other's eyes often.   Once back in
the room we undressed and kissed, and hugged under the covers a long time.  "
Lets sixty-nine," she said. And it was very sweet, tenderer and less
animalistic. But once she climbed on top and rode my cock we were back in the
animal groove again. My back was against the headboard and she straddled me, and
grabbing the headboard she rode my cock for a long time. When she arched her
back after placing her hands on my legs, I knew she had found her g spot and
worked it till she came again.  She asked, "Can you come again baby?" She
squatted over my cock, her feet flat on the bed as I directed, and with my hands
under her bottom, helped her plunge up and down over and over until I came for
the third time that day.  We laid in bed for a while, her head on my chest. In
the movies this is the part where the actors light up a cigarette, we were
content just to savor the moment.

Our time together was almost gone now; her flight out was only two hours away.
"Baby it was great", she said I would have never thought a  first time could be
like this". I will miss you. How do you feel, any regrets?  "It was really
great, but I do have  one regret". "Oh baby", she frowned, "and what is that"? 
" Terri you have such a great ass,  when I was fucking you from behind, I had
this incredible urge to fuck you up that beautiful black ass". "Still do as a
mater of fact".  "Mr. Barry ............ you are such a bad boy, you know when
you were rubbing that fine dick against my ass, I had the sensation you might
try that. I never have done that, though. When my hubby and I would watch the
videos he said that did nothing for him, although I have always been curious
about it. But honestly honey, as much as I love your big dick I just cant
imagine taking it without a lot of pain". I told Terri that until my Asian
lover, I always thought anal was more an act of aggression than love making, but
Asia taught me otherwise. I explained to Terri that basic hygiene was important,
nothing exotic just simple preparation. When I went into detail how I would get
Asia ready and how that petite 95lb lady loved getting her ass rammed to my
balls, Terri became very excited. "She didn't get sore?  She really liked it?"
She more than liked it; she went ballistic over it! Sometimes when we didn't
have much time, that's all she would want. One time, I think it was my second or
third time around, I fucked her ass a very long time and the next day she said
her butt was sore, but she had a smile on her face and always came back for
more! "Oh baby, I am going to make a few calls and arrange to stay over tonight,
OK with you?  Oh yeah! I'll step out so you can make your calls and meet you in
the lounge" We went to dinner and caught a show. We were both tired and had no
problems falling asleep. When I awoke, Terri was in the shower, and I joined
her. After drying I asked, " Do you want to go to breakfast now, or later? "  "
Baby I have been awake for a while now thinking of what you are going to do to
me, so do it!"  We licked and sucked each other for a while and got our juices
flowing. " Get on all fours Terri and get ready for the ride of your life." 
"I've been ready, just do me like you said you would". I pushed her head down on
the pillow, spread her legs and started to lick her slowly from her clit all the
way up the crack of her ass. Again and again I licked her. "Oh baby it's good,
it's so good".  She is so wet now, my saliva dripping from her pussy and ass.  I
start to tongue fuck her pussy and suck on her clit. Oh baby thats" it, oh yeah.
I slide my tongue to her ass, spread her cheeks and plunge my tongue up her ass
as far as I could get it. I am fucking her ass with my tongue wiggling it
around, kissing it, licking it, and fucking it. "Oh god, baby, oh Jesus baby, oh
yeah baby, lick it, fuck it, god its good! " I reach for the anal jelly, get
some on my fingers and slowly work it up her ass, first one finger then two.
Working it in and out,  "Holy Christ baby, I'm ready I want that big cock up my
ass, do it now!" 

I knelt behind her and gently worked the head of my cock into her ass. "Yeah
thats nice, ohh so hot". I slowly give her a few inches more,  "Oh baby it's
fat, it's a big fat cock, easy baby easy, nice and slow".  I grab my cock and
gently work her open as far as possible.  "Oh god that feels real good, work it
in there baby, gimmie that big dick". I lean over and lick her back and neck, I
lick her ears and whisper, " I'm going to give it all to you, I'm going to shove
this cock up your ass to my balls, then I'm going to fuck you like you have
never been fucked before"  "Jesus baby I love it".  The moment of truth, I
slowly bury my erection all the way, she is incredibly tight. "Oh god almighty,
holy fucking shit, Jesus its in there, oh god I can fell it all the way to....
oh god.  I slowly back most of my cock out, then slowly reenter. Then again and
again " yes fuck me, fuck my ass, oh you fucking horse, fuck my ass". Its party
time now and she is ready. My strokes are long and deep, I get up on my hands
and feet so I can really ram her and fuck her hard and fast, she can feel my
balls slap against her pussy as I pound her relentlessly. "Oh you fucking animal
you goddamned fucking animal you really give it to me, oh god you fuck it so
good! I wrap my arms around her and squeeze her tits. "You really love this big
cock up your beautiful black ass, don't' you? How much do you love it?" "  Oh
baby I love it, don't' ever stop fucking me, I want to come with your cock up my
ass, I want to feel your hot cum up my ass, give it to me, don't' stop fucking
me." She did come with my cock up her ass as I rubbed her clit with my fingers.
They must have heard her cry out 5 rooms down the hall. I came sooner than I
wanted to, deep in her ass. She was so deliciously tight. She rolled over on her
belly to rest .It was so erotic to see my cum run out of her ass down over pussy
as she lay there, in exhausted satisfaction.  She didn't want to video her first
experiment with anal.  Too bad though, I would have loved to see my big blonde
cock ramming her beautiful black ass, that would be one classic scene! We had a
late breakfast and refreshed, came back to the room... and did it all over
again, we did everything again, and she got it up the ass again. I must have
fucked her ass non-stop for at least 45 minutes that second time around. It was
outrageous.

We didn't' say much on the way back to her gate, just small talk. I didn't talk
about the future, nor did she. I walked her to the ramp as others boarded, held
her hand and she said " I wish I could take you home with me" I replied, " I
wished you lived next door".  A big smile came over her face " Mr.
Barry......... if that were the case, neither one of us would get any sleep". We
kissed passionately for several minutes, until she had to go. As I turned to
leave, I realized we were quite a show for the other travelers. I think our
extreme differences in ethnicity made some uncomfortable, but I'll bet quite a
few got hot watching our passion. On the way home a rock station played  "Brown
Sugar", and I thought.... yeah Terri, you delicious piece of brown sugar.... the
"Stones" had it right.

VIDEO OUTAKES AND THOUGHTS FOR ASPIRING VIDEO DIRECTORS;

1. Setting up a camera can be a distraction and I wouldn't' recommend filming on
your first encounter; get to know each other first. In our case it worked out
OK, since we did have almost two days together and got two hours or so of great
video.

2. Use a state-of-the-art camera with full auto function. When I was setting up
for the first time and Terri was sucking me, there was no way I could
concentrate on video techniques.

3. Do close ups and distance shots, and don't' forget the audio! When Terri
sucked me off in the first scene, her voice and other great sounds really added
to the eroticism of the act. No background music, just the sound of pure sex. I
love to talk to my partners during lovemaking. A close up of me fucking Terri
from behind was really hot. Her legs were spread wide and I was in a push-up
position over her. My cock and her pussy took up the entire frame. As I slammed
her black pussy we talked continuously.  " Do you love this big blonde cock in
your tight black pussy?  ... Oh god I love it, fuck me baby, fuck me hard
baby.... I love your beautiful black ass; I want to come all over your ass; do
you want that? Oh baby, come all over me, my ass, my face, I want your cum
everywhere" there was a lot more but you get the idea. . 

4. Do some distance shots.  Near the end of the first day I had set the camera
back and really forgot about it running. She was straddled over me, my back
against the headboard. You couldn't' see our faces for most of the scene; we
were kissing as she moved her body over my cock and her long hair covered our
profile. Finally, she leaned back and arched her back; I was kissing her breasts
as she reached orgasm.

If there is ever a video dictionary, this scene should be the one titled 
"Making Love". 

  				Copyright Mar. 2001 R.B. Hall         




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Robert Barry Hall


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





