BDSM Library - Fit Family 4




Fit Family 4
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Just when Trudy thought it was safe to continue her life, low life visit's her and they want some unusual fun.
Another story by PAGAN

                 Part of the Fit Family Saga

                       Tamzin's pony club tea and Barn dance.

    
Alan and Jed stood outside the converted Tudor house, the river to their left,
the paddock area up to the barn and further up a long avenue of trees and bushes
running the full length of the drive separating it from the lawn. They could see
all the way back to the mill, the way they hoped Anita and her friend would
return.

Jed smiled at Alan, "These rich tarts do live in some fucking nice place's and
the gear they got, see that video thing, double this and double that, fucked if
I know what it's all for, anyway you didn't really think I was going to leave
that tape did you. I told you I had something planned".

"Ya I really thought you were going to leave it" Alan nodded "Some sort of
surprise for her old man. Some blokes get a kick from watching their wives
getting a dam good fucking by two or three blokes. And that was some week of
fucking some-one else's wives. I can't believe that piece in there She must have
worked bloody hard to get them to keep their mouths shut".

"They didn't keep their mouths shut for long when we had them" Jed sputtered
"Anyway we got some more fun to have. What time is it? Oh of course. You lost
that watch we nicked. Go have a look in the house".

Alan went through the kitchen, around the big table and back in to the lounge.
He rested by the door looking at poor Trudy. Her hands and ankles were still
bound but her clothes lay in pieces on the floor. She was on her hands and
knees. The way she was bound forced her legs open allowing Mo to ram himself
hard in to her from behind. Her wrists tied with her fingers splayed kept her
up, eagerly helped by Mo pulling her ponytail back for Rufus to jam his huge
cock in to her mouth. Her lips stretched wide and her eye's bulged every time he
forced as much as he could down her throat. Her tit's hung like large round
udders, her nipples red and swollen from continuous twisting. All the time Alan
watched there was one of four hands pulling at them.

Alan said "You lads having fun?" 

The grin on the black faces said it all. He was just about to help himself to a
handful of tit when Jed's voice could be heard.  "The lone ranger and Tonto are
on their way".

Alan spun round and went back outside. 

"See them? They're just coming up the lane. Get your ass over there and wait for
them to dismount then we take them. Remember big tit's is mine".

Alan moved up behind a large bush and they both waited. As the girl's rode up
the drive Jed could make out that Tamzin would not disappoint them. A shock of
auburn hair curled out from her riding hat. A delicate sculptured face and, as
with Anita, a tight fitting summer top revealed two fine bulges that bobbed
nicely under her chin. Jed smiled and decided he liked rich people's fuckable
kids.

The girl's chatted excitedly as they arrived, oblivious to the hidden men, and
started to dismount. Their feet just touched the ground when Jed made his move.
Being closer he got behind Anita, picked her up off the ground, his strong arm's
holding her close to him, his right hand squeezing her left breast.

"Hello big tit's? Need a fucking?"

There was a moments silence then she yelled at Tamzin "Run, run for god sake
run"

Alan grabbed at her and missed. The ponies reared up as she slid between them.
Alan held the reins, quickly tied them to a branch and took off after her.

To the left and right of the barn was a fence and Tamzin could hear Alan as she
bolted in to the barn. Inside, a ladder went up to the hay loft. She scrambled
up it and threw her self down in amongst the bales. Alan slowly entered the barn
listening for every sound. a little straw floated down and he grinned as he
looked up then made his way to the ladder and climbed.

"I'm coming for you, little girlie and we're going to make lovely music. Just
you and me. A little groaning from me and a little screaming from you. I bet
your gonna give me a better ride than your pony so don't hide from me. It will
only make things worse for you when I get my hands on you".

Being tall he soon saw where she was and grabbed at her hat. Pulling it up hard
the strap dug in to her chin and the rest of her followed.

"Hello. My, My you're a pretty little thing aren't you? Now come here sweetie".

He pulled a length of cord from his pocket and told her to put her hands
together in front of her. When she didn't he slapped her hard. Tears flooded
from her eyes.

"If you want another good slap I can go on all day if I must".

The girl put her hands together and extended them forward for him. Once tied
nice and tight he took her hat off and admired another young beauty.

"Fucking hell. This place is full of good looking cunt's. I got to look after a
beauty like you. My friends will want to see you. Especially the nice bit's".

He looked round, found a long coil of rope and tied it between her wrists. He
tugged it as he started to descend the ladder, looking back up at her.

"Any funny stuff, you little cunt, and I pull this rope and you come down the
quick way".

Half way down the ladder Alan put the end of the rope through the rungs and
continued down.

"O K down you come, little cunt".

Tamzin slowly started down, her bound hands making it difficult. Alan didn't
mind as he gazed up at the nice firm, round, young ass snugly fitted in the
tight riding breaches. Half way down the rope went to the other side of the
ladder. When Tamzin reached the bottom rung. Alan pulled the rope sharply up and
her arms went with it. The girl lost her footing and struggled to touch the
floor as Alan tied off the rope and turned her round to face him.

"Down safely then. I think a deserve a kiss for that don't you?"

Tamzin looked at the scruffy man in horror.

"Please don't hurt me. My parents have lots of money they will pay you but only
if you don't hurt me. I ......"

The young girl was suddenly cut off by Alan's mouth covering hers as he forced
her to open it and take his invading tongue. He slavered over her for several
minutes before pulling off and looking at her, his face almost touching hers.  

"You will only get hurt if you try and run away or if you speak. We will tell
you when to speak. Understand?"

The frightened young girl stood there, her arms pulled high above her head,
fighting to take her weight by standing on tip toes. The defenseless girl had no
other option but to nod.

"Now we have to find out what you call hurting you. Does this hurt?"

He kissed her hard again, pushing her head back against the rungs, licking at
her lips and touching her tongue.

"What about this?"

His hands went to her top and squeezed her breasts. The way he looked at her,
she bit her lip and shook her head. His powerful hands ripped the garment in
half exposing a nice firm pair of young tit's and sunk his mouth around a nipple
sucking it in to his mouth. Grinning, he looked back up at her.

"And that?"

Tears flowed freely but still she shook her head.

"You learn quick. Don't you?"

He unbuttoned the two rows of buttons that held the flapped front of the riding
breaches and smiled at the delicate pair of flowered panties under them.

"Pretty panties. Very pretty. Pity I'm going to have to rip them off".

"Please don't" the girl sobbed  Alan moved close to her face again "Please don't
take off my undies".

"Oh Honey. How am I going to get my mouth around your sweet pussy and my tongue
up your juicy little cunt if you have those pretty little panties on? Be
reasonable now. Those panties have to come down and to have all the fun I'm
going to have with you I'm going to have to take all your clothes off. We both
know you're going to look beautiful naked. Don't we?"

Another sobbing "Please" from theyoung girl and Alan laughed.

"Awwwww. Sweetheart. You don't have to say please. I'm going to fuck you anyway.
In the little cunt, the nice tight ass and the pretty little mouth. So are my
friends" he smiled "Now what are we going to do? Say it now"

The young girl was really crying now as Alan slid his hand inside her panties,
grabbed a handful of her cunt hair and pulled. She squealed but he kept on
pulling

"Answer me, little girl".

"Your, your  going to fuck my ass, my cunt and my...my ...m...m...mouth" she
stammered in fear as he grinned and tickled her young pussy "And...and so are
your friends".

He stopped pulling her pussy hairs and slid his finger down and between her legs
pushing it first up her young ass-hole then around to tickle her cunt some more

"Mmmmmm nice" he grinned, sliding his finger under her nose,licking it and
sucking it into his mouth before licking the side of her face and whispering in
her ear "That little cunt of yours feels really nice and taste's really sweet.
I'm going to have a lot of fun exploring it. In depth".

He squeezed her throat. "Mmmm a long slender neck. I wonder if my cock will fit
in there. it's going to be fun finding out".

A loud sob came from the girl's throat.

"Oh don't worry my little fuck hole. I'll try and make you enjoy it" he leered,
letting the rope go loose "But for now lets go find out what my friends are
doing. Or should I say, who they are doing. Follow me".

He pulled her out of the barn by the rope with her breaches round her knees and
her young breasts swinging free. He kept pulling hard, dragging the sobbing girl
towards the house. He pushed through the door, pulling her again and laughing as
she half tripped in her breaches which were now round her ankles. She banged in
to the kitchen table as they went in to the lounge to be greeted by Jed who was
sat on the sofa, a completely naked Anita on his knee. Anita's wrist's were tied
behind her and her nipples were wet and swollen from the attention given to them
by his mouth. Her legs were wide open and she sobbed as two fingers were pushed
fully up her young cunt. Jed looked at them.

"Ahhh you've joined us" Jed grinned "It looks like we're all going to have some
fun".

Alan grinned back at him "Only just started. Pretty ain't she? a bit like a
young Nicole Kidman, only with bigger tits. and the best thing is she already
told me we can fuck her ass, her cunt and she will suck some cock".

"Your going to be lots of fun" Alan smiled, putting his arm around the sobbing
young girl "Trust me I know these things". Looking at Jed he said "Get the
knife. I want to get rid of these clothes" He licked the side of her face. "Your
going to look great naked". 

Alan picked the knife up from were Jed pointed and started to cut at Tamzins
clothes. As the sliced top hit the floor he said "Where's the others?"

Jed stopped sucking on Anita's enlarged nipple. "They got Mum upstairs. You
should see the size of her bed. Bigger than sis's and Mums tied to it with them
two fucking her like they never seen a woman before. Mind you, I doubt they ever
have seen a looker like her. Mum looks fabulous naked with her legs tied open.
She can't stop them doing what they like to her and believe me their making the
most of it. Just like we did and with the size of Rufus's cock fucking away up
her she ain't got no option but to take it. Mind you after Mo's tongue did the
business she was bouncing around really nice and maybe just enjoying it".

Soon the expensive clothes lay in tatters on the floor. The only thing Tamzin
had on were her riding boots. Alan grabbed a handful of cunt hair "Soon you
won't have this on ether, little girl. Now lets you and me go in to the kitchen.
There's a nice big table in there and you're the main course".

Using the handful of the girl's pussy hair, he tugged her towards the table.

"Up you go, little girl"

He lifted her onto the table and laid her out

"Hands above your head, honey-pie".

Whimpering with fright, the young girl put her bound arms up. Alan cut some of
the rope from the coil, grabbed a leg and tied the rope to one of her ankles.
Throwing the end under the table, he moved around and, picking up the end, tied
her other ankle. Next he tied between her wrist again threw that rope under the
table and down to the ankle rope. he slid under and tied it off, pulling her
legs even wider. Alan slowly looked up from the end of the table, looking right
between the girl's legs and up to her tear stained face.

"Hello" he grinned, leaning on the table between her legs, extending his hand
and stroking up and down the open slit "Bet this little cunt ain't been fucked.
Feels nice and tight".

He screwed his finger in to the dry hole then did the same to her ass hole.
"Mmmm nice. I love young virgin holes. Pity these two won't be for much longer".

Alan was interrupted by a noise from the lounge. Mo and Rufus had brought Trudy
down.

Alan smiled at Tamzin. "Stay there, little girl. I won't be long".

Alan went to where Mo and Rufus were. Rufus was holding Trudy. Although she was
still tied she looked too exhausted and well fucked to do anything. The cum all
over her face and stomach, plus the dried stuff on her legs, was testimony to
the amount of times the boys had used her. Mo was holding an electric razor with
one hand whiletickling the woman's cunt with the other. Jed was laughing and
Alan asked what the joke was.

Mo, still laughing, said "We cleaned up this little fuck hole and boy did we
find out something about her. Watch".

Trudy whimpered "No" but they only laughed as Rufus locked his arms behind her
and pulled her up straight. Mo kicked her legs apart, switched on the razor and
knelt in front of her. 

Mo stuck his mouth between Trudy's legs. All the men could see his pink tongue
flicking out and tickling Trudy's open slit. The rough pink meat circled the nub
of her clit and she moaned. You could hardly hear the words "No... not
again...Please... I...I can't take it".

Rufus brought his free hand around her and squeezed her nipples.

"Oh yes you can and will".

Mo pushed his head further between her legs and she hadn't the fight to stop
him. He twisted it and brought the hand with the razor up and touched it on her
bald cunt. She jumped. As he licked he made circular movements and her knees
sank and parted. Mo was now licking and sucking faster than Jed had ever seen.
The razor played all over her bald cunt and Trudy's hips were beginning to
dance, thrusting back and snapping forward whenever Mo touched her clit. Her
tits were mauled and squeezed by Rufus who was struggling to keep her upright. 

"Want some more black cock up that hot cunt of yours?" he smiled.

"No more please...please..." she gasped.

Rufus smiled. "Oh lady you have to. It's time for you to do some more pole
dancing. We're gonna take you back upstairs and give you  another fucking".

Looking at Jed and Alan, he said, "She does a good two-some. One of you want to
come upstairs and make it all three?".

 Jed smiled at Anita. "You can wait, little girl. I'll have my fun with you
later but your mother is a really good fuck when she's hot. And she does seem to
like some good vibrations as well as golf balls. Your dad don't seem to be
fucking her right. Here Alan. You look after the two youngies. I'll be back".

With that, the three men bundled the squealing and protesting Trudy back up
stairs.

Alan looked at Anita. "Your friend Tamzins in the kitchen. Why don't we go play
with her?"

He grabbed the poor girl by the arm and pulled her in to the kitchen.

Alan stood at the end of the table staring straight up between the open legs of
the auburn haired beauty as he held her terrified friend by her blond ringlets.

"Ain't your friend pretty?"

Anita whispered, "Yes" and Alan carried on his torment.

"Do you fancy your friend or do you just like kissing you cousin's cunt's?"

Anita was lost for words. She looked away with embarrassment. 

"I think your being nasty to your friend. Why don't you show her your not. Show
her how much you like her".

Pulling Anita's hair downward, he said "Go on. Eat her cunt. Use your tongue and
lip's and make her happy. I'll know when she's happy because your face will be
covered in her cunt juice" He jerked her head back. "And if you don't do it
really nice that ass of yours will be covered in red hand marks. Now go to it my
little cunt lapper".

The trembling girl bent forward, pushed her face in to Tamzins cunt and started
to lick. Bent over the table, her ass was beautifully round and perfect for Alan
to enjoy. He stroked over the round firm skin sliding his fingers in between her
legs and playing with her cunt. His hand travelled up and down her thighs and
the occasional slap kept her tongue busy. Holding her head down he moved to the
side and worked on Tamzins tits, pulling and twisting her nipples and leering at
the frightened girl.

"You ain't never had your cunt licked out have you?, little girl"

She shook her head.

"Well, ain't it nice of your girlfriend to lick it for you?"

Tamzin could only blush deeply at the perverted question.

"Ever had a boy play with your tits or cunt?"

She slowly shook her head.

"Your lying to me. Now tell me the truth or I'll beat it out of you and you can
be sure I will. Just ask the one with her face up your cunt".

Just then she jerked.

"Oh yes, your beginning to like your girlfriend's tongue up that little cunt of
yours. Now tell me about the boy".

She was breathing fast but realized it was stupid to lie.

"It was boy's. Six of them from the next village" she jumped again and took a
deep breath before stammering on "It was two years ago. I was out riding when my
pony hurt it's foot and I had to walk him home. I...I took a short cut past some
old farm building when I saw them. They were smoking. They shouted obscenities
at me and I went to run away but my pony wouldn't. They cornered me and grabbed
my pony. One of them had a knife and told me if I didn't do as they said they
would cut him". 

By now her body was squirming and she was finding it hard to concentrate on the
story. She knew if she didn't go on Alan would do something to hurt her.

"They made me take all my clothes off and I had to put my hands behind my neck
and stand with my legs open. Then they all started to feel me. They were
laughing and tickling between my leg's and touching my breasts and bottom. Then
they took out their things and made me touch them and stroke them. They made me
pull them until they got hard, then I had to masturbate them until their cream
came. They made me catch it in my hand and then lick it off until I'd done that
to them all".

"They had you like that and not one of them fucked you" Alan laughed "Not very
good round here are they and you look as if you get hot easy the way your
leaking pussie juice right now. Go on".

With Alan's finger's still teasing her nipples and her ass really moving she
tried to finish.

"The one who was the leader sent the other's away then he got me to bend over
and he used my riding crop to spank me. He told me to keep my mouth shut or
some-one would do my pony and the beating he was giving my ass would remind me
every time I tried to sit on a pony. Then he ran off".

Alan giggled "I suppose they lived up to being a butch of wankers".

Pulling Anita's the juicey wet face from between her leg's, he pushed his finger
round the wet hole and looked down at her.

"Well some-one's got to break you in. So" he said, shoving his finger  up
Tamzin's teenage cunt, splitting her cherry "There that's that, now we can get
down to business".

Tamzin stared at the ceiling in shock as Alan grabbed Anita's hair and drove her
back to the abused cunt.

"Lick it clean, you little cuntlapper and I mean all of it".

moving back to the end of the table, he pulled a chair over and sat stroking
Anita's ass, watching the girl's active tongue as it licked all over her
friend's cunt.

He undid his trousers, releasing his cock, then he pulled Anita back. Pushing
his right hand up the table he started stroking the wet cunt, twisting the soft
fleshy nub and tickling her clit.

He looked at Anita. "Kneel down little girl and suck my cock. We both know I
like it all the way down your throat".

Anita opened her mouth and took the meat in.

"That's it. All the way in, little girl, and do me till you swallow and don't
stop. Then you can get me hard again. Me and your little friend have got some
table dancing to do".

The bound girl moved her head as fast as she could her tongue licking and
playing around the foul tasting meat in her mouth. She tried hard not to gag or
choke as she pushed her head forward forcing the stiff cock down her throat. The
memories of three weeks ago and the pain she had suffered when she didn't do as
they wanted was all still so fresh in her mind. She knew to keep looking at him
and her eye's never left the grinning face.

Alan loved watching the young girl force his cock in to her mouth as his right
hand toyed with Tamzin's freshly broken in cunt, his index finger in right up to
the hilt as he looked for signs that he could get her wet. He moved his body so
he could lick at the tight slit, sucking and kissing all over it as Anita
continued her blow-job. His left hand was holding the bobbing head, his right
prizing the sweet cunt open so his tongue could search deeper and lick up and
down the open slit then flick over the fleshy nub. He sat back and watched his
cock slip in and out of the pretty girls mouth while he continued to tickle
between Tamzin's open legs. First shoving up the little puckered ass-hole then
licking his thumb to make it real wet.

He looked down at the helpless tied girl and told her "Your gona fuck up a
treat" before pushing his thumb as far up her cunt as it would go. He couldn't
help but laugh as he listened to the sound of Tamzin sobbing. He looked down at
the girl sucking his cock.

"Your friends real pretty. Do you think she would like to lick out your Mum's
cunt? You know. Get some of your Mum's cunt juice in her mouth".

Anita looked with tear's in her eyes as Alan grinned at her.

"Why don't we dress your mum up in them sexy panties then your friend can pull
her pants down and give her cunt a good seeing to. She's got a nice tongue and
your mum loves a good tonguing. She could get her real excited. Just like you
did. We let you fuck your mum with your tongue so I think we should let her try
it too". 

He felt his cock start to excite and knew he couldn't hold back. He was about to
fill the poor girls throat with his filth and he did.

Anita choked and wanted to be sick but she knew the penalty for letting it slip
out of her mouth. She forced her lips to hold on tight as the cream leaked out
the sides and dropped on to her tits. Alan watched all this with a satisfied
leer.

"Start nodding again. I want to be really hard for your friend. It's her first
time you know. Do you remember yours?"

Thought's of that dreadful day on her auntie's bed filled her mind as her head
started bobbing again. She knew if she worked hard soon it would be out of her
mouth but up her friends cunt and the pain for her would be awful. Soon that
moment came and Alan pushed her down. Tieing her legs to the table, he climbed
between Tamzins widely spread young thighs. He kissed her teenage cunt, licking
all over and tickling it with his tongue. Then moved up her stomach to her tits,
sucking greedily on the nipples and pulling them as far out as they would go by
using his teeth before moving on to her mouth. He positioned himself and smiled
at the terrified girl.

"Can you feel how hard your friend has made my boner? And it's you that's going
to have to do something about it".

He kissed her full on the mouth "Ready or not here I come" he grinned and
started to shove his cock in slowly opening her up and grunting as he pushed up
ward. She fought to stifle a scream and he grinned in her face.

"Told you we would make music. Now try this" he grimaced, giving a last almighty
shove.

Tamzin's eyes opened as wide as they could and a pathetic groan came from her
lips. He was fully up her.

Alan was merciless to the girl's tight little tight hole. He was going to make
sure he fucked it as hard as he could, enjoying the sensation his cock had from
her new channel. The poor girl lay with tears running down her face as her head
rolled from side to side. He was enjoying the misery he was causing and soon
added to it by squeezing her tits hard. He then moved on to her nipples, rolling
and pinching them in between his fingers.

As he spat in to her open mouth he told her "This will be the next hole I will
take my pleasure in. I can just see me stuck in your sweet mouth, pulling on
your lovely hair. bet you can't wait. I'll save the best for last. I'll make
sure you don't sit down for a week after I've finished with your cute, young
ass".

Although he had just fucked Anita's face, the tightness of Tamzin's cunt brought
his climax quickly. He crowed in to her face as he pumped himself in to her.

"It's good to be the first. Promise me you will you tell your boyfriend it was
me".

She lay there like a broken doll as he got off her and untied Anita's leg's. He
untied Tamzin from the table but kept her arms tightly fastened in front.

Pulling her up he said "Come on, little girl. Christ it ain't the end of the
fucking world. I only fucked you and looking like you do it's going to happen a
lot in your life".

She burst into tears.

"For Christ sake girlie. I told you your going to get fucked many times in many
ways before today is over. So get used to it. Now let's go see how the others
are enjoying fucking".

Alan slapped Anita's ass as he pulled Tamzin up the stairs behind them. All
three went in to the big master bedroom. Both girls looked in stunned silence at
the scene in front of them.

Anita knew the evil perversion these men enjoyed. She remembered what they had
put them through before. She looked down. Tamzin's eye's were fixed on the bed.
Trudy was sandwiched between the men. Rufus lay on the bed, Trudy's cunt stuck
firmly on his enormous cock. Jed was knelt behind her stretching her ass-hole as
he fucked away up her. Mo stood on the bed in front of her. He leaned back
against the wall as his hands held the back of Trudy's head. he was pulling it
hard forward as his black cock pushed her cupie-doll lip's to their widest. What
Tamzin couldn't understand was the way Trudy was bouncing on the huge cocks that
were defiling her. Although she was still tied she was groaning and breathing
heavily. She looked to Tamzin to be enjoying it. Alan brought her back to
reality,

"You boy's gona be long?"

Rufus shouted back "The way this bitch takes a fucking we could be here a long
time".

Alan pushed the girls in and started looking through the bedroom drawers,
pulling out as much sexy underwear that he could find and showing them to the
grinning Jed who was really fucking ass.

"We gonna dress these little beauties up in this gear"

"All depends on time I think....". But before he could finish Alan had pulled
one draw out to far and it fell on the floor. Taped to the back were four
vibrators.

"Jesus Christ will you look at these" he said, ripping them off and holding them
"Look at this little lot. We were right. Dad ain't fucking her right or does
Frankie and Isobel use them on her hot cunt". Trudy was to far gone with the
fucking she was getting to notice.

Alan said, "You want to use these on her?".

Mo was fucking Trudy's mouth really hard but still had time to say "You got old
kinky boots there. You can take them. Go play with the pony girls while we use
mother some more".

Alan looked at Anita then to Tamzin.

"Fucking hell what an idea. Boy will I have a surprise for you lot. Come on,
little cunts. I'm going to have some fun with you".

Putting the dildos in his pocket he grabbed both girls by the hair and pushed
them down the stairs then along and back in to the lounge.

"Right big tits. Where did that bastard throw your boots?"

He scurried round until he found them behind the sofa.

"Here. Put these on."

With her hands tied behind her, Anita struggled. Alan had fun helping her,
holding her ass in one hand and shoving his finger up her cunt.

"There that should hold you steady while you get them on".

Anita squirmed in pain as she forced her feet into the boots, stamping down to
get them on as fast as possible as she felt his finger pushing up  her ass-hole.

She whispered, "There on."

Alan carried on fingering her.

"You know you have a lovely little cunt" he said, bending down to kiss it "But I
do think it needs a shave. I'm gonna enjoy that."

He licked up over her stomach and kissed both her nipples.

"And as for these. Still not to worry little lady. I'll be fucking all your nice
bits before long. But first".

He pushed both girls out of the house and across to the barn.

The three of them stood in the middle of the barn. Alan looked round and found
the coils of rope he had seen earlier. He took a length and threw it over a
beam. First he made a slip knot and slid it over Tamzin's head. As he pulled it
tight around her neck both girls started to cry.

"Now what the fuck is it?" he barked as he grabbed at Anita.

"Please don't kill us...Please... " both girls sobbed in terror as he slipped
the other end around Anita's neck.

"I ain't gona kill you. Well not yet. I ain't fucked her ass or your tit's". He
tugged at Tamzin's cunt hair. "And I got to get this off. But first you just
stand there. I got things to do".

First he tied rope around the girls waist then their wrist's down on either
side. Then he tied their elbows tight behind them. He went to the wall and took
down two bits.

"Open your mouths, my little cunts" he ordered, shoving the metal bars between
their teeth and roping them in.

His next job was his favourite. Tying their lovely young tits until they looked
as though they would burst. Taking a long rope he tied it to both sides of their
tits then looped up to the gag ropes. He stood behind them and jerked first left
then right. The girls squealed as they were forced to follow his directions.

A small cart was standing in a corner. He pulled it out and wheeled it to the
middle of the barn. Undoing the rope from the girls necks, he told them to back
up to the harness. He then ran a rope from Anita's elbows down through the
cleats and back up to Tamzin's elbows.

On a stand in the corner were riding whips and crops. He took a fine whip, got
up on the cart, took the ropes and flicked at Tamzin's naked ass. She screamed
as he said "Move out pony girls".

Both girls struggled with the weight but another flick with the whip on Anita's
full rosy cheeks had them pulling hard, their elbows squeezing tightly together.
After two more flicks and some high pitched squealing, the wheels finally moved.
They pulled the little cart with Alan on it into the afternoon sun. As the cart
cleared the barn he yanked to the right. The girls heads jerked and the rope on
their right tit pulled hard. Almost blinded by tears they moved right and down
towards the house.

Flicking the whip over and over again at their lovely jiggling bottoms and
enjoying the fine red marks getting brighter on their delicate skin, he got them
to pick their knees up and run. He was giving it all the "Ya-ooos" and
"Whoop-ees" as he viciously pulled at the ropes making them turn one way then
another, the ropes getting tighter and tighter on their already swollen tit's.
As he came back down the drive for the second time, Jed stuck his head out the
top window.

With a loud roar of laughter he bellowed "What the fuck, man. You're a fucking
genius. Got to have me some of that cute ass whipping. Keep going girls. We're
all coming for a ride and we will bring Mum to".

Alan pulled hard right and the girls squealed again as they were forced up the
drive. If their legs didn't reach the height Alan had decided another flick soon
had them bouncing again.

"Come on big tits you know we like your knees banging them fine titties of
yours. Now get them up, up, up" Alan yelled.

By the time they turned to come back down the others were waiting with Trudy
held between Mo and Rufus. Alan stood up on the small foot board and yelled. As
he did there was a clatter beside him. The vibrators had fallen out of his
pocket.

"Shit I forgot about them".

He stopped the exhausted girls in front of the others. Trudy sobs could not be
heard over the laughter of the men as she saw the way the girls were tied. The
laughter grew worse as Alan waved the dildos in front of the girl's faces.

"Hang on there I got an idea" he said.

As Alan ran to the barn Jed squeezed Anitas huge ballooned tits. The pulling of
the ropes had tightened around the girls and forced their tits to an incredible
size. Mo pulled Trudy forward and the two men made her suck the girl's hugely
pronounced nipples as fingers probed any hole that came within reach.

Alan came running back with length's of cord.

"You bastard's can't keep your finger's o�t of a cunt for five minutes. Here.
Make yourselves useful and shove one of these up each of the ponies".

Slapping the inside of the girls thighs they forced them to open their legs so
they could insert the dildos up their young cunnies.

Alan went behind the girl's, tied one end of the cord to the rope around
Tamzin's waist then down to the end of the vibrator and around it twice. He then
brought it up the other side, pulling it firmly up her, then did the same to
Anita. He stood in front of the girls staring at the fear in their eyes.

"Who wants a pony ride".

Jed stepped forward. "If you gentlemen don't mind I think I'll take a spin
around the yard"

Alan gestured towards the cart.

"Be my guest. I'll just start them up"

The girls squealed as the men burst into laughter. Alan put his hand between the
girls legs and turned the end of each vibrator. The whining buzzing sound could
be heard by all and the laughter grew louder as they watched the girl's legs
move and squeeze together, trying to stop the sensation going through them. Alan
handed Jed the long whip and with a flick of his wrist the crying girls were
pulling at the cart again.

As they watched the cart go up the drive, Alan held the other two vibrators and
looked at Trudy.

"Feeling left out, Mum? Well we have nothing to do for a while. Mo, Rufus, tie
Mum's arms the same as the girls. Let's keep Mum nice and hot".

Soon Trudy's elbows were pinned behind and her wrists fastened to her sides.
Alan looked at her.

"You want us to gag you or do you remember the rules?" Trudy bowed her head.
"Good, then open your legs. You're the lucky one. You get two".

Rufus and Mo eagerly went to the task, Rufus pushing the fatter of the two up
her cunt and Mo screwing the other up her ass. Alan tied the cord the same and
yanked hard up. When both of the vibrators were held snugly up her they switched
them on. It didn't take Trudy long to start her involuntary squirming and very
entertaining dance. She moaned but daren't speak as she knew they would only
want an excuse to do some-thing terrible to her. Rufus pulled her hair back in
to it's pony tail and held tight as the three men watched her jump and move. All
four of them knew that with the amount of fucking Trudy had gone through in the
last three hours her body wouldn't take long to respond.

The pounding sound of the girls coming back down made them turn and watch as Jed
pulled them to a stand still. Sweat poured from the exhausted girls. Their tits
were going a pale shade of blue, the veins showing thick as they tried to get
blood to the straggled globes. Jed got down and smacked Anita's ass.

"You got a great ass, girlie. I love the way you move it". He grabbed at the bit
and turned her to face him. "Now don't play hard to get, honey. You know I'm
going to have to fuck it soon".

Mo flicked his finger at Tamzins enormous nipple causing her to yelp in pain. He
opened his mouth grinned and bit at it. The big nipple being so sensitive the
yelp became a scream. Taking his mouth away his hand went between her legs and
pushed at the dildo, moving it about until she moaned.

"Want me to stop, sweetie?"

Pathetically, Tamzin nodded.

"O K you rich white bitches. You're gonna take me for a ride. Then if you been
good to me we are gona be good to you and return the favour. Me and the boys are
gona take it in turns to give your sweet little cunts a ride on the end of our
big fat boners".  

As Mo climbed in to the cart, Jed walked over to Trudy. He heard the flick of
the whip and turned just in time to see another red mark start to glow on
Anita's wiggling bottom as the two girls strained to pull Mo's weight up the
drive. Jed stood in front of Trudy and grinned at the way she was moving, biting
her lip as her eye's rolled upwards. The two plastic cocks were doing their job.
The poor woman he jumped as his fingers played over her clit.

"You like these plastic fun machines don't you. You really are a horny assed
slut when we get you going".

Trudy tried not to look at him as he pushed the end in further, causing her
knees to buckle.

"Don't worry, Mum, we ain't through playing with your holes yet". He looked at
Rufus. "You want a ride in the cart and whip a little ass for a while".

Rufus carried on playing with Trudy's nipples. "No. I want to get my meat sucked
by one of them younguns before I give Mum here some serious fucking again".

The cart came back down the drive, both girls fighting to keep upright and
running. Mo stopped them and Anita dropped to her knees. Jed pulled her hair.

"Getting lazy are we, little girl? Maybe we should teach you what happens to
lazy little ponies. And no need to get on your knees yet. You'll be doing enough
of that later. God you two have got a sweat on. Come on Alan. Let's get this
cart off them. The little ponies need cooling down".

The bit's were taken from the girl's mouths and the tittie ropes pulled free but
their tits and arms were left tied. Both girls were dragged to the side of the
house. Mo shoved Trudy beside them and all three females stood staring at the
gloating men as Alan pulled the hose from the boat house and turned it on.

The cold water hit Trudy first.

"That should cool Mum's hot ass down for a while."

Then on to the girls who turned and squealed. As they were drenched in cold
water, Anita tried to move but Jed still had the small whip and a quick flick
had her back in line. All the men grabbed at the hose each one wanting a shot at
the dildo's still moving up the girls and Trudy's cunts. As the girls jumped and
turned the air was full of male laughter and remarks about watering the horsies
and who's got the cock of a stallion until Jed said "That's it time to get
something else wet".

The girls stood in the center of the lounge. Trudy sat on the sofa her ass
pulled to the edge and her legs held wide by Mo and Rufus who were ether side of
her. The two plastic cocks were still buzzing up her. Jed stood beside Tamzin
and pulled at her enlarged nipples.

"Did you think, when you rode up on your little pony earlier that you would have
a nice shower and be dried by kneeling on the floor with one cock in your mouth
and one up your cunt? And at no extra charge we got your nice titties all big
and round just so you could show us a good time. My, ain't life full of
surprises. Now get on your knees while I pull that plastic thing out and give
you the real thing, your lovely little cunts all mine".

Tamzin looked at any of them for pity as she was shoved to the floor. Mo pulled
her round to face him.

"Oh don't look so sad. Here. Have a look at what I got for you". As he pulled
his thick black cock out he gripped her jaw. "I'm going to teach you the art of
playing the blue veined clarinet" Tamzin started to cry as she felt Jed's hands
hold her ass firm and the tip of his cock push at her hole but she couldn't. Her
head was jerked down and her mouth was full of thick black foul tasting meat.

She had never had anything like that in her mouth before. She was choking and
struggling for air. She pulled and tried to get it out only to get the head
shoved even further in her mouth as Jed rammed himself in to her cunt. Her eye's
went up to fix on Mo's as he tapped his white teeth and waggled his finger. That
let her know that they would do something dreadful to her if she bit them. She
closed her eye's and prayed it would be over soon and as another inch of black
cock was forced into her mouth she quickly opened her eyes.

Mo smiled down at her and winked. "You look at me, little missy, with them big
brown eyes while your mouth looks after my boner".

Alan had been playing with Anita's huge tits. The ropes had forced them out like
footballs and her nipples were so sensitive, just flicking his fingers over them
caused her to moan. He played with one nipple pulling and twisting and Rufus
played with Trudy's long full nipples with his right hand. His other tweaked at
Anita enjoying hearing the young girl being forced to respond. Alan tapped his
hand and pointed to Tamzin.

"Fancy making a pair of book-ends? Fancy this little beauty sucking yours?"

Rufus didn't speak, just got his cock out and placed his hand on the back of
Anita's head while he bent to suck on Trudy's long nipple.

Alan slapped her ass. "Bend over sweetheart. Show me them sweet holes. Lets take
your dildo out so you can be like your mate and your mum. Nothing but a juice
taking fucking machine"

On the word machine he jammed his cock up her as hard as he could, knowing she
couldn't scream as Rufus's had ten inches of black meat stuck half way down her
throat.

Trudy lay on her own sofa her eye's full of tears as the black head bobbed under
her chin biting and sucking on her excited nipples. She could feel hands pushing
at the vibrators tied up in her and couldn't help but respond to the sensations
that her body felt. If she let her eyes move all she could see was her own
daughter taking a fucking from behind as filthy hands pulled on her young
tortured tits. She could see the tears running down her child's face as she
tried hard to suck at the huge black cock stuck in her mouth.

To her right, her daughters best friend was being forced to do the same.
Suddenly she jumped at the treatment her own cunt was getting, her eye's open
wide. She was looking at Alan who was enjoying the pleasures of her daughter. He
just smiled at her saying "You and old Rufus there are getting on too well. I
reckon your old man shouldn't go out too often or he will be round to give you
another good fucking and you don't look as though you could keep them long legs
of yours closed".

 Mo was the first one to blow, filling Tamzins mouth with hot cum and leaving
his cock in there while she choked on the filth that he made her swallow. He
laid back and started to fondle Trudy's tits.

Jed got hold of Tamzin's hair, pulling hard back as he still drove his cock into
her.

He smiled up at Mo. "If you've done with her mouth move her round and let her
have some of Mum's cunt to chew on. I know Mum like's a good licking from the
girls"

Mo pulled Tamzin round by her tits and shoved her face in between Trudy's legs.
The vibrator rubbed on Tamzins chin as she tried to lick at the wet cunt in
front of her. The more her mouth tried to suck at the cunt flesh, the more she
moved the plastic cocks, the more the two black men licked and sucked at the
long hard nipples and Trudy started to jump, groan and move all over again.

Rufus pressed Tamzin's head down on to Trudy as he filled Anita's mouth. Anita
knew the rules and kept him tight in her mouth. She was trying hard to swallow
his juice when Alan came in her. He banged so hard she was forced to open her
mouth and release the black cock but before she had cleaned it, Rufus looked at
her a shook his head.

"Bad little girl, I will see to you later".

Alan pulled out and shoved her over on to the floor as Jed blew himself in to
Tamzin.

"Fucking lovely. A real tight cunt that. Now how's Mum doing?".

Trudy was gyrating into Tamzin's mouth pushing her heels in to the floor as her
hips pumped up to the girls mouth. Juice was dripping past the vibrating cock's
as she cried in to a tremendous orgasm.

Mo pulled Tamzin's cream soaked face from Trudy's cunt and licked the wet mouth.

"Did you enjoy that cunt, little girl? Did sucking out a juicy cunt make you
wet?" His hand went down to Tamzin's cunt. " You got something real nice down
there, honey. Ain't it time we got rid of your little bush and had us a peek at
what you got?".

With the encouragement of the others he was off the sofa, up the stair's and
back down with the razor. As Jed got the kitchen scissors, they pulled her back
on to the floor as she cried out, "No...Please...Nooooo". Jed looked at her.

"You weren't told to speak", he sneered, staring hard at her as he trimmed off
the long bits of her bush before Mo moved in with the razor. The men giggled
like school boys as Mo stuck his finger up the cum soaked little cunt, pulling
first right then left, mimicking a mans mouth. Soon hands were all over the
girl's bald little cunt. She was as naked and hairless as the rest.

Trudy still had both vibrators up her and was moaning in to another orgasm. Alan
stood up.

"These bitches ain't keeping as quiet as they were told. I think it's time to
teach them who is the master and who is the slave. Gentlemen. Let's take the
cunts to the barn".

Rufus undid the cord holding the vibrators up Trudy. Being as wet as she was,
they slid easily out. Alan picked up all the discarded dildos and went in to the
study looking in the desk draws as the others dragged the crying females out of
the house and over to the barn.

Alan went into the barn to the sound of muffled squeals as the men were having
an ass pinching session. Pinching the three asses as hard as possible was great
fun knowing their victims were too scared to cry out.

"Right. Now get the three cunts in a circle facing each other with their asses
pointing out"

The sobbing females were ass slapped until they stood tight together looking at
each other through tear-filled eyes. Alan was in a corner cutting short pieces
of cord. He came over to the men and handed each one two bulldog clips held on a
short piece of cord, then he told them to get some rope.

Anita, Trudy and Tamzin started to whimper as the three lengths of rope were
placed around their necks then thrown up to the beam pulled down and tied off.
Alan smiled at the helpless beauties.

"Are we all having fun, ladies? Now the best bit. Let's have Mum's tits tied
like the girls".

With Jed pulling her nipples as far out as they would go and Mo winding rope
around the extended globes, it didn't take long before Trudy's tits ballooned
out like the others. Each man had a grab at them before she was turned back to
face the girls.

"Lads. Get your clips. Jed you clip Anita's left tit to Tamzin's right and you
two follow on"

The sound of squealing as the clip's bit in to the sensitive flesh of six
nipples was music to the men's ears and gave them a good laugh. The cord was
short and the three had to stand as close as the could to gain any kind of
relief.

Alan went back to the shelf in the corner and, picking up assorted riding crops,
handed them to the others.

"Now everybody pick a nice ass and sting it. It's time these rich bitches
learned master from slave".

The first stinging whip was on Tamzin's defenseless bottom. When it struck she
squealed and jumped. Her tits were clipped to both Anita's and Trudy's swollen
nipples and they tried to follow only to be dragged back by the ropes around
their necks.

Then another whip and Trudy was doing the same jumping. A second later Anita was
forced to join in the chorus of screams as the whips and crops found the targets
with ease. Shortly the whole barn echoed to the sound of firm ass flesh being
whipped and loud, tortured, female squeals.

Rufus whippeded Anita's ass hard.

"This is for letting my cock out of your mouth before you sucked it dry" he
sneered as he delivered another stinging swipe "Don't let it happen again".

The whipping moved down their legs forcing their knees up and smacking into
whoever's cunt was opposite. The more the females pleaded the more the whips
found a white piece of flesh. Mo whipped in to Tamzin.

"Never say no to us again, you little cunt. We only want to hear you say 'yes
master'".

The crying, screaming and squealing became continuous as the clips held firm,
pulling hard on the nipples of the hugely distorted tits. Alan looked at the
sight and grinned.

"You pretty things do dance real well and in here I suppose you could call it
some kind of new barn dance. Be good if it ever caught on".

The crops flicked mercilessly on the wiggling asses. Alan reminded Jed of the
time they had five wiggling asses to play with when they were eating.

"It's a pity that Bianca's not here to enjoy this" Jed grinned "I really liked
fucking that one. She had a fucking fantastic body. Oh yes I could do her cunt
the favour all over again"

Jed took a few minutes to remember the great time he had fucking Bianca's holes
before he went to the whimpering Trudy.

"Had enough, Mum?"

She nodded, sobbing loudly and he looked at the girls.

"Had enough, little cunts?"

They too nodded.

"Do you know who your master's are?"

Again they nodded.

"Then you can show us who's master by doing what ever we tell you. Lads. Stick
the buzzers back up these sweet holes. I'll tell you when to switch them on. O K
slaves. Bend them long legs and open your cunts wide".  

The females sobbed but had no choice but to humiliate themselves by bending
their knees as much as the ropes around their necks would allow. They all had to
bend at the same time as they didn't want to pull on the clips now well fastened
to each nipple.

"Slaves stick your ass's out" Jed shouted.

With their heads together and bottoms pushed back as far as they could, the
sobbing females were totally at the men's mercy. 

Rufus, Mo and Alan bent behind each one of the bent knees. They tickled and
played with some open bald cunt and ass-holes before pushing the plastic cocks
back up each juicy cunt. They then took the opportunity to kiss the hot, striped
asses before tying the dildos in place with the cord. They all smiled at Jed as
he said "O K boy's. Start them hot pussies up".

The low drone of vibrating plastic was accompanied by moans from females as the
men stayed behind them moving the dildo's around. Jed came closer

"Right slaves. Each of you rub your cunt on the thigh to your right and let's
have some kissie kissie. A bit of the old tongue sucking. And don't stop until
your nice and wet at both ends, or....", he slapped the crop hard against his
boot.

The four men made themselves comfortable and watched. Trudy's cunt was full of
buzzing plastic and she was rubbing her self up and down her own daughters thigh
as Anita did to Tamzin and Tamzin to Trudy. Trudy bent forward and kissed Tamzin
fully on the lips. Tamzin pulled back. Trudy shook her head at her and kissed
her again. This time there was no movement as the females locked their mouths to
each other.

Anita could see Jed out of the corner of her eye. He was looking at her and
slapping the evil crop on his leg. With immediate understanding she started to
kiss her mothers face. Jed laughed.

"That's it girlie. Get some tongue down your Mum's ear and you Mum, let's hear
some dirty talk and I mean dirty".

The vibrators moving all the time, the young girls didn't want to succumb to the
sensations their cunts were feeling as they rubbed them on each other. Trudy and
the girls knew the men would start spanking again if they didn't do everything
they wanted. She stopped kissing Tamzin and looked at her.

"Come on , honey. I want you to fuck my mouth with your tongue. Let's feel it
down my throat like a cock and rub your cunt on my thigh. I want to feel it's
juice you hot assed little fuck pony. Fuck me like you get fucked"

Tamzin pushed her tongue in to Trudy's mouth. Anita looked at the men around her
and stammered fearfully.

"Come on Tamzin. Fuck my mothers mouth. You know you want to. Stick your tongue
out so she can lick it. The way you look at my Mum when you visit, I knew you
wanted her to have your cunt in her mouth. Well now you can have her so fuck her
and wank yourself off on her while I have you".

"Come on mum" Alan shouted "don't leave your daughter's mouth out of it".

Trudy pulled her mouth off Tamzin and started at Anita. Tamzin looked around,
swallowed and said "No point in me wanting to fuck your Mum. I bet you two are
doing each other's holes when your dad's out. When I stay over I can hear you
playing with your cunt. You could have played with mine. Yes your right. I could
have fucked your mother. I would loved to have had her naked and me sat on her
face. I wanted your mother's tongue and fingers up my cunt. She would have
enjoyed sucking my tits but we all know she's getting a fucking from elsewhere
when she's not pretending to enjoy sucking off your dad's  pathetic cock".

There was a funny silence broken by a roar of laughter from Jed as he went over
to Trudy, pulled her head off her daughters mouth and looked hard at her.

"So it's not such a secret after all. Careful now. I want that lovely cunt that
nestles in between your sister's legs again so don't let her know who your doing
or she might be off".

As Jed pushed Trudy and Anita's mouths together again a dog barked and Alan
rushed outside. It was Henry trying to get in the house. Alan took his belt off,
went over to him, slipped the belt over his head and took him back to the barn.

"Why look who's here, ladies"

Jed's eyes gleamed "Oh Henry what an opportune time to arrive. Come here boy and
have a sniff at another fresh, juicy, young cunt"

Alan pulled the dog behind Tamzin and pushed his head between her legs. His long
tongue immediately began to lick. He was momentarily startled by the vibrator
but soon got back to licking the girls cunt.

Tamzin jumped, trying to move as the long tongue worked between her ass-hole and
cunt. She squealed as the clips bit in to her nipples.

"Kiss her Mum. Get her hot or I'll make your ass hot" Jed snarled.

Trudy clamped her mouth over the groaning Tamzin's and started to push her
tongue in. Tamzin responded and the kissing became passionate.

Mo chuckled "It's a dog's life" as he bent behind Anita and started to push the
dildo around her rapidly dampening hole.

"Hey Henry want to try this one? It's nice and young and juicy"

He put his fingers to Henry's nose and the dog followed. He was soon licking
away at a moaning Anita's wiggling ass. The vibrators were still working on
Trudy and Tamzin. The females didn't stop kissing and the rubbing ofTamzin's
cunt was giving Trudy's thigh was causing wet marks to appear.

 Rufus, who had been sitting watching suddenly said "I need a drink and a fuck,
it's alright watching but it's time my cock had some action and I want that hot
assed women's cunt wrapped round the end of it"

Jed got up. "If he wants action then let's have some. I think Mum's had enough
cunt for now. Untie her. Take her and the dog over to the house, grab a drink
get one for me. Give her a wash and a piss then take her in the bedroom. I'll
see to the girls. And get something nice to get Henry licking. He will get her
so hot we won't have any problem fucking her brains out". 

Anita watched her Mum, still with her tits and arms tied and a plastic cock
stuck up her, pulled out of the barn. Jed held her jaw.

"We're going to leave you alone but only for a while. I'm sure my friends and I
can think up other things to help make your day".

He re-clipped their tits, made sure they couldn't move and that their arms were
still well fastened. Then he got the roll of tape and stuck three lengths over
each mouth.

"There. That should keep your cuntlapping mouths shut until we want to use them
again" He turned to leave but as he got to the door he turned "Oh I almost
forgot. Do you want me to take those fucking machine out of your holes?"

The girls nodded wide eyed and enthusiastically.

"Tuff" he grinned and to the sound of pathetic muffled moans walked out the
door.

Jed crossed the drive, walked in to the kitchen and saw the bag on the floor. He
picked it up and looked at the eight bundles of notes and the three condoms. He
took the condoms out, went to the video and retrieved the tape. He put the tape
in the bag and put the bag by the back door. As he looked through the cupboards
the phone rang. The answering machine took over.

"Hello Trudy. Josh here. I'm going to pick Bianca up. Todd and the girls have
gone up to his northern office so I said she could eat with us and maybe stay
the night. We can have drinks on the terrace and the girls can show us what they
learned today I'll be about and hour. No say hour half. Hope you've not been to
bored today. See you soon. Bye"

Chuckling at what he had just heard Jed said to himself, She's been bored
alright mate. In every one of her fuckable holes. And the girls have learned to
put the pony before the cart and even a new barn dance. Be fun showing you that"
Then he found a container of honey and climbed the stairs.

He could hear female squeals and men's laughter as he got to the top of the
stairs. He entered the bedroom. The two black men stood around Trudy pulling at
her bound tits, twisting her nipples and fingering her ass-hole and pussy. Alan
stood by the bed, still a mess from last time they had used her on it. He was
holding the excited Henry. Jed held the honey up.

"Is this what you been waiting for? Get Mum on the bed and pull her legs up and
wide. Lets see if her cunt runneth over".

Rufus pushed Trudy and she fell back on to the bed. Mo and Rufus grabbed a leg
each and hoisted them up and wide. Trudy only had her shoulders on the bed as
Jed undid the stopper on the honey and turned it squeezing, making a long strand
of honey run from the bottle and land in between her cunt and ass-hole. Jed
smiled down at her as he drizzled the honey back and forth from her cunt to her
ass then moved it from side to side as it criss crossed her cunt from one lip to
the other. He watched as it dribbled in to her hole. Alan came and put his
fingers under it for a second then let Henry lick it off his finger.

"Oh yes, he likes the taste of that. Maybe we should show him where he can find
some more".

Jed told them to hold Trudy like that for a while longer so the mixture could
really get in to her holes. He moved around the bed and sat by her head. Being
held the way she was, her bound balloon shaped tits covered the lower half of
her face. Jed pushed the tits open and poured the honey on to her mouth.

" Don't you dare swallow it, Mum. I want to see you and Henry do some good
kissing before he has his tongue up your cunt. Remember you do everything we
say. You are our little sex slave. Besides there's always the barn". 

They let Trudy down and she climbed off the bed and knelt in front of Henry. The
dog looked at Jed who put his tongue out. Trudy did the same and he poured a
little more on to her tongue. Alan let Henry go. He sniffed around her face,
then found her mouth and started to lick at her tongue.

Mo said, "Hope he weren't licking his ass before"

Jed called back "Why not. He'll soon be licking hers"

The men sniggered as they watched the dog licking out the beautiful woman's open
mouth. Trudy closed her eyes to blot out the sight only to hear Mo say "Now
ain't that romantic. She closes her eyes while he French kisses her. She must be
enjoying it"

Jed came back over a poured more in to her mouth. The dog's tongue searched
every where inside and Trudy fought not to choke.

Alan held Henry back as Jed called for the second course. He and Mo pulled Trudy
back on to the bed keeping her feet on the floor and just letting her ass rest
on the edge. They forced her knees wide as Alan let Henry go. The dog went
straight between Trudy's legs and started to gorge himself on the honey covered
holes. Mo and Rufus lay ether side of her and worked at her hard nipples. Trudy
couldn't help but groan.

Jed stood by the bedroom door and watched as Trudy's hips started to move up
towards the dogs lapping tongue. As the tongue went to her ass, Rufus's hand
slid down and rubbed hard on her clit until Alan switched on a vibrator handed
it to him and he used that instead of his fingers. Trudy jumped and pushed at
it. Mo stopped kissing her, tweaked at her nipples and looked at her.

"What you want fuck meat?"

She bit her lip, almost in tears, gritted her teeth and the words "I want to be
fucked" could just be heard.

Mo grinned at her. "Say again, Mum. We didn't quite hear you"

She struggled. "No...no...stop...please no more...aaahhhh...oh god...no...don't
do that... pleeease"

She was on the point of tears as Rufus guided the dildo just inside her,
tickling just around the outer lip's of her now sopping cunt. Her legs opened
wider then closed as she squeezed it around the plastic.

"Are you sure you don't want anything up that cunt, Mum?" Rufus leered.

Trudy's hips jumped as Henry licked at the taste of her. Alan tickled across her
nipple as Rufus pushed the dildo fully up her and then pulled it out.

Trudy suddenly cried out. "Leave it up. Fuck me now you bastards. You know what
your doing to me. Fuck me hard. I need to be fucked"

Still Mo leered at her. "Which hole and by who" 

"My cunt. My cunt" she squealed "One of you thick black bastards stick it up my
cunt"

Mo grinned at the men. "I think she will take us up all three holes but Rufus
you gets her hot wet cunt".

Jed went forward and got hold of Henry as the other three pounced on Trudy. Mo
sucked at her cunt. They were going to keep her hot for a while longer as Rufus
jammed his meat at her mouth. She pulled her legs around Mo's neck and dragging
his face hard between her legs she open her mouth to Rufus's cock.

"If you want me to fuck you then you get my black boner real hard with that
pretty mouth of yours" Rufus snarled at the excited woman "Come on. Mum. Suck it
all in"

Trudy's eyes bulged as she opened her mouth as wide as possible to take the
black meat in. Alan was all over her tits.

Jed smiled. "I'll get rid of the mutt and go see how the young fuck pony's are.
I'll come back and have a piece of her later"

He threw the condoms at them as he went down stairs and heard Mo yell after him.

"We don't need them boy. We're going to make her raw meat. Man that's all that
we will leave you. Well fucked raw meat"

As Jed went in to the kitchen he picked up the bag and stood for a moment. He
heard the straggled squeals of a woman being taken hard coming from upstairs. He
was in deep thought as he walked over to the barn.

Jed was still thinking as he entered the barn, but the sight of the two girls
wiggling about with the dildo's still up them brought him back to reality.

"Awww. Aint you girl's getting off? Well we will have to put that to rights"

He pushed the two girls hard together and tied a rope around their waists,
pulling them tight. Then each thigh was tied to each thigh forcing their bald
cunts to press against each other and he shortened the cord on the nipple clips
until they were touching. He took the tape off their mouths and picking up a
crop he came close to their faces.

"Come on, girls. I want to see some snuggling and pussy rubbing or you will feel
some leather on your asses. Now get at it".

He sat back and watched as the two girls kissed and rubbed their pussies up and
down each other. He then got up and fingered between Tamzin's legs. The vibrator
would go up another two notches but Anita's was on full. A little flick on each
ass put some more life in to their act as he sat back to enjoy the show. Even he
was surprised to see that they really were going at it. Anita was pushing
herself hard against Tamzin. Being the shorter of the two she could get her self
under and on to Tamzin's bone. This was forcing her to tongue more and her mouth
was sucking out Tamzin's tongue. The groaning sounds coming from both girls was
music to Jed's ears. He got off the table and went beside them. Dropping the
crop he inserted a finger up both wiggling ass-holes. He knelt beside them and
finger fucked both ass-holes until he could see the wet juice dripping off the
vibrators. That caused a lot more squealing and movement and  as one of them
creamed on the other he laughed.

"You have fun my little fuck pony's" he smiled, standing up and taking a last
look at the two of them pussy fucking, turned, picked up the bag and left.

He had been walking for about an hour when he saw a large silver Merc coming
down the lane. He pushed himself back in to the hedge as it slowly went by. He
could see a plump man with short grey hair behind the wheel. He thought "Well
you ain't gonna give Rufus any trouble. If he wants to fuck your wife and
daughter some more you won't stop him. He'll even make you watch"

At the side of him was Bianca. Her flaxen hair hung on her shoulders and her
perfect face glowed as she watched the road. She had on a low square neck top
and two perfect mounds of flesh rose from it. God she was magnificent. He let
the car pass and looked at the money in the bag as he went up to the junction.
The sign to the right read "Lowe ridge 14". The other way to the left read
"Sulcombe 20" and the sign pointing back said "Riverside 2". He looked at the
signs then at the money but his thoughts were on flaxen hair bobbing on a
beautiful pair of shoulders and a square cut neck line filled and overflowing
with a pair of wonderful tits, he looked up at the signs and turned ?



                                                 PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





