BDSM Library - Carol's Romance




Carol's Romance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's dangerous working at the perfume counter...
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not appreciate such, don't
take offense. Just go on to the next posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... ETC then go on to
the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                      Carol's Romance  #  1
                        by Paladin

I first saw **the bitch ** at her perfume counter in that snooty department
store. (You know the one .. Where all the bitches hang out .. and buy their
'stink' )

For me it was LUST at first sight... She was ... soo.. well ... tall and thin
.... but with all the curves in all the right places.. and ..... oh
sooo ... fuckable ... Ya .. FUCKABLE!

OH how I wanted that bitch!!

To start things off right I tried to start off slowly .. I smiled at her ....

All polite like, and that .. that .. **bitch**  ... she .. she .. turns up her
snooty nose .. and sneered at me. ... and then .. then the ** bitch** turned
away from me! 

ME!

She acted like she was too good for the likes of ME ..

That BITCH!!



I decided right then and there. (I'm like that.) If she were a pig then maybe
I'd of just grabbed her .. without a warning .. fucked her brains out .. and
left her naked in some public place .. but .. as I said she was soo FUCKABLE!!
And I .. well .. I wanted her ..



The employee parking lot is around back of the store. It's usually deserted,
especially after closing time .. So I was there, waiting for the bitch .. at the
closing time, that very night ..



A little after 10pm, there she was ... MY BITCH!







Tonight, I just waited... and observe .. Patience!





She got into a newer model car, cool, and without a glance right or left ..
drove out of the lot, turned right and rapidly left the area.

I tagged along, at a distance, for a while, and then broke it off at a
convenient place. 

Patience ..

I had what I wanted, the car type, license number, and the general direction.
Then too I wanted to show some .. restraint ...

Then I went straight home and didn't even jack off once!

NO WAY! I was saving myself .. for CAROL .. that bitch!

Her name tag said 'CAROL' ..

The next night, I waited where I had 'left' her the previous night. Then, when
she passed, me, I again took up the pursuit, following at a
discreet distance, this time the rest of the way to her home.

Home to her nice little house, our future little fuck nest!

A nice quite neighborhood, with houses set back from the road. The houses all
seemed to be nicely kept up. Soo nice ..

She drove inside the garage, and parked inside but still, I showed restraint. I
just sat there .. outside waiting and watching.

Totally oblivious to me, she got out of her car and walked right in the darkened
house's kitchen and closed the garage door.

I watched the lights go on in various parts of the house and then, after a
while, they went off in the front of the house.

The bitch was in for the night. All quite .. for the night, but still I had
waiting to do  ..

She was in there .. All safe in her own warm bed ... for the last time!

I could of just .. but no! I wanted it to be special .. so I waited.

The next day, I returned early and watched her house and ascertained that she
lived alone, at least for the moment.

GOODDD..

When she left for work, that day, I waited about half an hour and then walked
right up and 'entered' her house.

Dumb bitch doesn't even know that a credit card will open those cheesy little
locks she has installed.

I had no problems.

When I enter a new place I generally spend the first few minutes just looked
around and in general cased the joint. You know getting the lay of the land!

'Neat!'  That was all I could think of to describe the BITCHES place.

Her house was neat! I liked it!

She and the house would do nicely for our little fuck feast.

She kept it all real tidy... Just for me... no doubt ..

During my thorough inspection, I found bank books, credit cards, and even the
divorce papers. That poor dumb stiff was still stuck paying the mortgage ..
while the cunt was living in the house .. I liked that .. Maybe after I had her
all trained, I'd call him over and give him a piece  .. or two .. 

For now though .. Too bad for him! Maybe later ... maybe I'll share a little of
the pussy!! Maybe!

Looking over the rooms I was pleased to see their was a nice little basement.
The perfect place for Carols training ..

Yes sir, the place was ideal, for my purposes.

With her credit cards receipts I had the numbers and the use of them!  Smiling I
let her pay for her own training materials. It seems only fair. The training
was, after all, for her development. Besides her cards were all current.

I went out to a large hardware store and got all the key locks, window bars,
ropes etc that we'd  needed for her future training ... Her credit cards worked
just fine .. and as I said .. This was for her!

At the pet store, I got one of those large wire dog cages. You know the kind you
use for a large dobbie or dane. 

It even came with, a nice little bed in it. 

(Maybe later... if she was good! I'd let her use it.)

Yes sir! Nothing is too good for a bitch of mine. Again her cards bought her
future home ...



I even found a nice studded collar that would look soo sexie cinched around her
soft neck. Why, I even had the clerk put her name, 'Carol' on it. I knew she'd
love it! After a while ..

At a porno shop I found the rest of the toys I knew the bitch need...

I got an assortment of sizes.... colors and some really gross .. long, fat ones
.... but when you are training a new bitch, it pays to have it all, you know,
everything. Who knows if she has had prior experience? Besides she was paying
for it.



The video store yielded a pair of cameras and lots of cords for connections ..
in various places of the training areas, and a lot of other stuff, I thought I'd
like to have .. Besides it was on my new bitch CAROL!

Back at out little love nest, I installed the locks on the outside of the
basement door, the cage, and the bars on the basement window. All of it went
together nice and snug for my new bitch.

The big cage, I placed, on the cold concrete floor, right in the center of
everything facing the back wall so she would not see my comings and goings ..

Then I went about modified it for it's new bitch ...

I removed the cute little bed, and set it aside for the future.

If she was very, very good. But that she'd have to earn it.

And I knew, she'd make it .. some day. She would rebel at first, they all did,
but some day she'd come to love all these nice little things .... eventually ..

I set up and checked the cameras viewing angles. The video records would be
treasured in future years like all the rest of my collection, and maybe even as
lucrative as some of the others had been ..

(Some of you need training materials? Naa! I know you'se guys. You'd rather make
um yourselves.)

With everything ready, now came the hardest part!

WAITING!!

Everything was all set up, but now, came the wait .. till my new little bitch,
'Carol' comes home.. to ME!

Waiting is all ways the hardest part. Sure I could jack off to pass the time ..
but .. but.. Well .. It wouldn't be fair to my little bitch 'Carol'. 

I'd been saving myself all for her... since the day I'd first seen her at her
counter ..

The Bitch..

So I watched a little tv but got bored. Then I read some, BORING!!  All the
while I was careful to be awake and have everything off after dark.

I didn't want any nosy neighbors butting in and interrupting me and my new bitch
tonight ..

Finally as it all ways does, it all came down to just WAITING!

Just sit there, in the dark, waiting for the arrival of my nice new bitch.

Finally after what seemed like an eternity, my little Carol drove right up to
the house .. right on time. The garage door opened and she drove inside.

Again I waited! This time in the spare bedroom's closed.

Usually a fastidious bitch, like this one, comes home, goes to the bedroom,
undresses to get 'comfortable', maybe takes a shower ....

Then, she'd either relaxes, all freshened up ... or goes beddie-by ..

Tonight though, the bitch was doing it all just for ME!

As I like my bitches naked, and fresh, to start with .. again I waited.

True to form, when Carol got inside, she went directly to her bedroom.

From the sounds I heard, I could tell Carol was stripping out of her work
clothes to get into something more 'comfortable'..

Women rarely lounge around naked, when they are at home, alone.

Pervert that I am, I demand that of my bitches.

Again I just stood there in the darkened closet, waiting ...

Then I heard the shower running.



But standing in the dark closet was over ..

Silently, I slipped into the master bedroom.

The shower was running in the bathroom behind a closed door.

I silently opened the door and saw a room full of steam.

Her silky red robe was on a plastic hanger, on the  bathroom door.

Through the steamy atmosphere, I saw Carol's naked body outlined in the flexing
showering curtain.

She was all bent over, like they all do, soaping her little cunt ..  little did
she suspect, she was doing that, just for me!

I removed her robe from the bathroom door, and laid it out, all neat and tidy,
on the edge of the bed... right there .. in plain sight ... and I left the
bathroom door partially opened.

Using the robe as bait, there in plain sight, just out of reach from the
bathroom.

I angled the video camera to better record our first session .. started the
recorder, and then I stood behind the bathroom door. And again I had to wait for
the bitch, but I wanted her all clean and sweet smelling.



As I smelled the fresh soap and perfume of her shower, I had the urge to um ..
but NAAA ... I waited ... this long ...

I heard the shower stop, after what seemed like a millenium.

Why is it with cunts .. It takes um soo long to clean up their nasty asses and
then it takes um soo long to dry it up. They must be really nasty asses??

Of course at times like this, time seemed to be crawling ..

It was awfully painful to have to wait there, behind the door .. with a hard on
for my first meeting with my new little bitch .. Carol .. but I appreciate that
she was just making herself all nice, fresh and neat, just for me!

I had removed my thick leather belt, the one with the big brass buckle, from
around my waist, and doubled it over in my right hand.

She sure took a long time drying and powering her ass. Bitches do that..

Then she ambled cautiously to the bedroom door, all fresh and naked.

She smelled of baby power and perfumed soap ..

She came to, but stopped, at the partially opened bathroom door.

She paused at the opening, stuck her head into the bedroom and looked at the
robe on the bed. Then with a curious expression on her face, and a  shrug of her
shoulders, she advanced into the bedroom.

She walked forward slowly, and bent over, reaching for her robe ....

She made directly for it, with that cute little hand over tit walk, bitches do
when they are naked.

She did not even noticing me!

That is .. till I overhand slapped the doubled over leather belt on that nice
soft plump white bent over, sticking out ass of hers.

I got a real good firm contact, and it being damp, sounded oh soo good ...

SPLATTT!!!

She fell forward onto the bed, and frantically reached back to cover her now
stripped, and  hurting ass. She must have sensed some movement for she rolled
off the bed onto the floor.

From the floor, she turned toward me, with those big wide terrified blue eyes
and gaping mouth.

In that moment I confirmed ... my bitch .... Carol .. was a true blond ....

AWWWW!

But I didn't let that deter me.

I back handed her, right across those smooth little danglie tities of mine now,
with my leather belt.

SPLATT

Again nice firm contact, and the damp little fleshy orbs as they bobbed and
weaved before my belt ..

Now she was in a world of hurt.!!

She swirled, tried to protect her now aching mammarys and ass with her hands and
attempted to flee. All she achieved was to roll around at my feet.

Tiring of her antics, I stepped forward, and placed my booted right foot down on
her spread out damp hair.

Thus effectively pinned her head to the floor, while I went on working the belt
over that nice neat trim little body I now owned. 

No real plan, just a little leather touch up to show her who is boss .. NOW!!
Nothing permanent just a touch up!

SPLATT .. SPLATT... SPLATT ...

She tried to move around a little, but with her head held to the floor by my
boot all she did was present me with more targets.

The belt continued to strike the soft wet flesh, till my right arm got tired.

She, after a few feeble attempts at protecting the goodies, did the curl up into
a little fetal ball bit, and commenced to sobbing.

Then she just lay there whimpering at each stroke.

I all ways find it better to get acquainted with a new bitch like this!

You pansies, who like to try the soft gentle approach .. flowers, candy and that
shit .. are welcome to it. As I said before I had tried it with this bitch and
got blown off. Just like you would of .. but standing over her naked marked
flesh I couldn't help but get a hardon to end all hardons.

Me! I'm a simple man. I like to establish who is the boss right from the get-go
.. saves confusion later on!

None of this pleading and begging shit ... Just the simple direct approach for
me! And the bitchs love it ..

When I thought, I had made my point, I stopped, reached down, grabbed a hand
full of her clean soft golden hair and lifted my bitch's head, straight up off
the floor.

All the way up to the standing position, I kept the tension on her scalp,
constant. I encountered no resistance, as I rammed her back into the white
bathroom door.

Reaching out I closed my left hand on her soft white throat and squeezed. 

God she smelled soo nice... I was pleased with her body .. and my hardon just
wouldn't quit!

Looking her right in the eyes, I strangled her and smiled at the terror there,
in her eyes.

"You Pissed me off the other day. Now you are gonna make it up to me and if I
even think you are thinking of giving me any shit ... well we'll do this again
... and again .. till you make it up ..

YOU UNDERSTAND ME BITCH?"

She 'stood' there, strangling, stripped red from the ministrations of my nice
black leather belt, with real fear in her wide blue eyes.

Her hands fluttering ineffectually over my left hand but I did not even notice
them.

"UNDERSTAND?" I demanded again as I shook her by my throat hold.

She tried to answer but couldn't because of my paw cutting off her air. So she
shook her head 'YES!!' Her eyes wide with real terror.

Now I let go of her hair. As she was effectively pinned to the door, by my left
handed throat hold, she did not sink down. She was shuttering but upright and
rigid.

With my free right hand, I gave her a short one straight into that soft sweet
belly. Then I released my throat hold and watched her naked form crumple up like
a little rag doll and slip down the door to the bedroom royal blue carpet.

"Don't even think about screaming, unless you want more of my belt!" I informed
the tangle of nude arms and legs, sobbing at my feet ....

From her position on the floor, she looked up at me in absolute terror.

I like that, in my bitches. They learn better to forget all that equality crap
when they are in real terror ...

"Now I'm are going to have a little fucker sex, Carol, and you, your are going
to be the fuckee. The willing happy little fuckee! And first you will show me
what a good a little mouth fuck bunny you can be."

"UNDERSTAND?"

I reached down, captured her smooth heart shaped chin and while holding it up, I
explained to those tearing blue eyes,  "If I'm in any way dissatisfied with your
performance, why I might just take it into my mind to tear this pretty little
head off those shoulders and stuff it up that cute little ass .... "

"YOU UNDERSTAND ME??"

She looked up at me with those saucer like eyes shaking with terror and shook
her head.

'YES'

'Good bitch .." I petted her and mussed up her hair, and continued,

"Now why don't you kneel up, here and show me what a good cock sucker you can
be! ..  You remember, we agreeded, I better be satisfied! Old Ronnie (her X)
might have begged and pleaded and settled. But I ain't him. You're going to give
me your best ... ain't you bitch?"

Carol again shook her head with those terror filled eyes, again indicating her
acceptance of my demands.

 I thought.

I unzipped, my jeans, released my penis from its cloth prison, and let it just
spring out there, free and hanging in front of her sniveling face.

I get soo worked up when I'm breaking in a new bitch!

I needed a little R&R.

My new bitches get a charge out of it too, I'm sure.

I removed my fishing knife from it's leather holster.

The gleaming serrated edges look real mean! And now with it before her blue
eyes, I demanded,

"I don't like to be kept waiting BITCH! Gum me! Now! And I better not feel one
of those little white teeth or I'll flick out an eye for my key chain."

I held the knifepoint just under her left eye, as a further incentive. I've
found this to be really effective tool with new bitches.

With these incentives, she didn't argue. She just scrambled forward to me,
yawned opened her soft sweat little mouth like a cute little guppy seeking a
worm. She accepted my rod on her soft tongue, and held it tenderly just inside
her warm oral cavity.

She looked like she had just ingested a bug. Tears began anew.

"I better feel those lips sucking, and that tongue licking bitch!"

"Come on ..  come on ..  Quickly, BITCH." I ordered those wide open terror
filled eyes.

I pricked her cheek, just a little, with the shinny steel point and she
commenced to come to life.

I waited while she showed me the extent of her knowledge of cock sucking.

It wasn't much! But then I have jaded tastes... I bet poor old Ron never even
got his little wennie near her soft lips...

I tired of her ineptitude, so I reached down and grabbed the back of her wet
hair and forced my fleshy prod deep into her gullet. The normal esophageal
flexing usually gets me off quicker in a new bitch ... but she'll learn that for
herself ... or ..

She took my probe, deeper .. and deeper .. till I felt a purchase deep in her
precious tight throat.

Probably cut off her breathing ... Or something ..

For then her hands flew up ands began to try to deter me.

A frown from me and another flick of my knife on her cheek, caused her to stop
that shit .. real quick ..

She'd learn to breathe .... When it doesn't interfere with my use of her oral
capacity ... For all I care she can learn to breath through her ears!

I could feel the esophagus nipping at my cock head, I just love that.., when she
really started to panic.



I forced her head down, a little, for that straight through fuck path, sounding
for the bottom of her ...

Calmly I explained to her terror filled strangling eyes,

"I like my bitches to deep throat me. Relax and it will be over soon, fight me
and I'll just go on till I cum! If you choke to death right here, right now ...
OK by me!"

You could see her as she tried to settle down and turned a nice shade of red,
then blue waiting for me to go off. The longer I fucked her throat, the bluer
she got .. then she went on toward gray..

As I've explained before, I have jaded tastes ..

As I felt the tightening in my nuts I withdrew, slightly and exploded in her
gaping soft mouth right into her mouth and onto her tongue..



Get's um use to the taste right away..

She commenced to coughing and even tried to spit up my cum.

She wound up with a mess. My cum wound up coming out her snotty nose.

It wasn't really a good throat fuck, but then, as I said, I have jaded tastes.

And this was just her get acquainted fuck!

I know .. she'll learn..

I was pleased as she bent over clutching her soft round little belly, dry
heaving. I knew, the creamy taste of my cum wasn't the cause, but it was inside
both her oral and nasal passages.

I kicked her, lightly, in the belly and admonished her,

"Ungrateful bitch. I ought to knock out all your teeth for you. When I see fit
to give you my nice warm tasty cum, you had better learn to suck it all up."

She could not take it anymore. She just passed out right there at my feet.

Satisfied with out little get acquainted session and drained from the inept blow
job, I gathered her unresisting nude form up in my arms and took her down stairs
to her new room, in the basement.

There I stuffed her unresisting nudity into the modified dog cage.

I had cut three small holes in the cage.

Her head fitted into the larger hole at the top end of the cage. 

I secured her neck there by the collar, so she could not, withdraw and this time
I gagged her mouth with a pair of her own dirty panties.

Her feet, I then fitted out through the other two smaller holes, one in either
side of the cage. I secured her there. Then I tied her knees to the mesh so that
her sweet little slit hung right out there, wide open, waiting, ready for me.
Her cunt and little brownie holes were open and available for me. And oh soo
cute!

In the spread open slit, the holes were tightly clenched, tight with disuse,
just waiting for me, to come bust them open .. to my size.  They wanted ME!  I
could tell the way they spasmumed every soo often!



A capsule of ammonia broken under her nose, aroused her and when I perceived she
was with me, I explained to her frightened eyes,

"I'm disappointed!"

"You went to sleep on me!  You pissed me off in the store and again in your
house ..  You better show me what a good bitch like you can do, before I get
real MAD! I'll bet you shitty little holes will split right open if I try to
penetrate um. .. So to save me the trouble and mess, I want you to work this
nice little toys into those filthy holes of yours and there by, bust um open for
me  yourself. You'll do that for me ... Won't you??"

All the while I was explaining things to her, I played the large black dildo,
with the big round fist like head before her face.

She shook her head  'NO!!' 

Her free hands tried, futilely, to find a way to escape ... from her cage.

Their was NONE!

I took my lighter, lit it, walked behind her, and began playing the flickering
yellow flame over the white smooth flesh of her captive, flexing left foot's
instep.

"UUUuuuuuu" she cried through the gag, as I let the flame linger shortly under
the heel. She really came unglued then.

She shook and tried to twist her head to her left side and both of her hands
sought to free her left foot.

The cage mesh defeated every attempt.

Then smiling at her efforts, I moved on, and began playing the yellow light
around to her little toe and in between it and the next toe.

Again the frantic futile efforts .. and lots of attempted verbalization.

Pausing, I withdrew the flame, and again asked,

"You want me to go on? You have a whole heap of other toes on this foot and then
their's lots of other places. If that isn't enough why we have a hole nother
foot right over there."

She shook her head 'NO' again, but this time, when I tried to place the dummie
in her hand, she took a firm hold of it, in her right hand. Then she started,
with her left hand, to tickle her little button. She positioned the obscene
black thing's head at her vaginal entrance. Quickly I went around to the front
of the cage, to watched for her pained facial expressions when she impaled
herself.

Their so cute, when they stick a big headed dong, up inside themselves for the
first time. It's a classic and I love the expressions. Ok so I'm taping it but
watching it first hand is more .. fulfilling. (Trust me!)

Now Carol knew her way around a dummy!

Maybe she'd never had anything this big, in there before, but she knew the deed
..

She teased and teased her little bud till, she juiced up and then ..

She tried to slowly put the massive head in.

Moist though she was, it was too BIG for the gentle girlie insertion she was
trying!

She looked up at my grinning puss, with those pleading baby blues, but I just
smiled and motioned her to get, 'on with it ... '

With saucer shaped eyes she .. stuffed it, a little .. and wiggled it .. and
finally she got the obscene big black head half way inside herself.

I was SOO HORNEY and so I demanded from above her straining body..

"Come on BITCH! Get it all the way in there ... Or do you want me go on back
there and kick it all the way home?"

Shuttering she started up with quickie little strokes. She was obviously
unaccustomed to such a large dummy and of course the audience, also hindered her
performance, but she was trying.

Amused, I let her go at it at her own pace.

When the head was totally inside her, she gave a deep sigh .. and then she
stopped and just sobbed.

You have to be firm with a training bitch .. so I light up my lighter again.

At just the sight of the flame, this time the bitch got the message .

No fucking around .. This time she strained and pushed and .. well .. just stuck
it in .. all the way in, and then without an order from me, she commenced to
work on the sawing like one possessed. All the while her tearing eyes never left
the flickering yellow flame.

As she worked the black rubber thing up and down inside her straining hole, I
smiled down at the teary blue eyes.

"Nice ... nice .. I knew you knew how to use a dildow! Now I am going to go up
stairs and get some sleep, but you, your are going to exercise BOTH of those
nasty holes, BOTH of um ... for me aren't ya?"

She looked up at me incredulously? 

BOTH?

The scheming bitch, and with renewed horror, she actually shook her gagged head
again. 

'Yes'.



"Well OK, I'm soo happy you are getting into the spirit of this .... But first,
before I go, show me some your brownie action! Just so I can be sure."

Her face quizzical at first, and then she realized what I wanted, she commenced
to shaking her gagged head again. Only this time she shook ..

'NOOO!'.

"AWW well and we were getting on soo well .. I mean you did just signal me you
were ready .. But OK .. " I said as I flicked the lighter's little spark wheel
again. "You just go ahead and wait till your good and ready .. I'll .. "

Removing the large round head from her cunt was almost as big a deal as pushing
it up in was before. But she got it free with a single .. hard jerk ..

'Pooop'

Why you'd think she birthed it!

When it emerged it was all sticky with her inner fluids.



Quaking with fear, and mesmerized by the small flickering yellow flame she
quickly placed the now greasy round black head right up at the entrance of her
tight anal passage but she would / or could  go no further.



Experience has taught me that .. I went around behind her and placed my instep
on the dummies base and ..

'HELPED HER'.

"UUUUUUMMMM" She tried to signal me, her appreciation ... as the greasy shaft of
the dildow slid up through her grasping right hand ..

The expressions they go through .. at this time are truly priceless.

That's why I all ways tape these sessions. Their little eyes seemed to push out
.. some, and the whites seem to get to be soo much larger ..  Or do I just
imagine that?

Just viewing the tapes, sometimes, years later, convinces a former fuck bunny to
"Do anything you desire!" I find ... so it must be a moving experience.

I forced up slowly, (I didn't want to break my new toy .. just yet!)

It was slow going all the way home, to the base and when it was home, I waited
.. with my foot securing it inside .. to let her get the hang of it.

Damned if I didn't get hard again.... But now was not the time... I had to wait.
If I lost control I'd break up the mood ..

She was soon slipping the black thing out .. but I did not let her slip it right
out .. I kept it deep inside her to stretch out her vitals.

After that time, at just the spark of the lighter bitch Carol would saw the
dummie in and out of her ass without even a word from me.

After a little while, Carol was working that dummy frantically inside her most
personal hole, just like it was born there ...

I stood up. Stretched and yawned. Looked down at the frantic bitch.

"I'm tired, so I think I'll go to sleep for a while now ... but you know what
you have to do so go on. Work those nasty little holes of yours open for me.
OK??" I said. "I want um busted out to man size when I come back.... You hear me
BITCH!"

The lying bitch, with the black thing now resting deep inside her ass, shook her
head

'YES!'.



"Well, then, I'll go on up to bed .. but OH ... just to keep ya honest, I'll
leave this video camera here, on and watch you work out, from the bedroom tv up
stairs. I know you'll be really working it, in and out, like we agreed, but
well, for my amusement, I'll be watching. Now I have a much larger dildo if you
try to fuck off on me ... Understand? And I can cover that one with sand paper!
Soo don't fuck off on me! OK!"

I know about now she was dying inside but she and I had agreed. I set up a clock
right on top of the cage, right where she could see it.

"Now don't be hoggish with that thing. Say 15 minutes in your ass hole and 15
minutes with your pussy hole.. Rotate .. Understand me..." I demanded.

She looked up at me and I showed her a container of lubricant.

"If you are good, you can use this to ease your exercises, but if I see you are
not fucking fast enough ... and with enthusiasm ...  well I can all ways put a
sand paper wrapper on the bigger dummy .. You understand me..?" I asked the dull
eyes.

The terror in her eyes answered me. I reached down, removed the black trainer
from ass hole, and lubed both her now open holes with my own fingers. (I'm
really a softee..) Then with a playful swat, to her ass I signaled her to
commence practicing.

I mean why should I strain myself. She could do this all by herself... for ME!

Leaving the plastic bottle of lubricant under her, I went up stairs and adjusted
the picture to show my bitches night exercise event. I felt soo exited but I
waited.... I was saving my energy for ..

Whenever she looked tired and started to slow down, I stomped on the floor.

A remarkable resurgence occurred in her tired muscles ...

Miraculously she'd reinserted the dummy, in the other hole, and pumped it like a
little demon.



But finally the repetition got tiring to watch so I turned over and got some
shut eye. We had a busy day ahead of us and I wanted to be fresh!

This left Carol pumping the dummy in and out of  her holes ....

***************************************

When I woke up, about two hours later and looked over at the monitor, the bitch
... was still at work, sawing the dummy in and out of her now open ass hole...
but slowly and with little enthusiasm..

I stomped on the floor. Then as I got out of bed and saw a marked increase in
Carol's fucking of her ass hole.

I didn't want to wait any more. I rushed down stairs and perceived the increased
tempo of the bitch in person.

I emerged from behind the cage with the larger dummy in my hands.

 "You lying little slut.... I told you that I had this!" I explained showing her
the larger dummy with the sand paper wrapper.

She commenced to shaking her head 'NO!!!'...

"Well you think you have opened then enough for me?? I mean, I want, no, I
demand a wide open set of holes in my bitchs!"




Carol's Romance  # 2
                        by Paladin

I should of waited but well .. by then I would have trouble sleeping. Old mr
stiffie had his .. dander up, and  .. well men you know how it is guys!

I mean she's there, fucking open her cunt and ass .. just for ME, but her mouth
was .. um .. unoccupied, now .. 

So I smiled down at that cute little face that had sneered at me just a few days
ago and demanded ..

"Well let's see if last night you've learned your cock sucking lesions. Let's
have us a little of the old suckie and mouth fuckie .. again .. OK!"

Opening the robe, I was wearing her pretty pink robe, and ok, so it was too
tight for my fat ass, but so what.

Now mr stiffie was hanging right out there before her straining gagged lips, and
I motioned for her to move up and lay some cheek on him.

"You'll show him a real good time .. this time and.... Well .."

The gage removal took some doing with all the slobbering and yuck. But when it
was out I give her no time to argue, I commenced throat fucking the bitch.

No .. nothing thing fancy, just your common, every day, ball relieving, throat 
fuck ... for me ..

And Carol, well she surprised me .. She swallowed him, all mr stiffie .. right
up to the ball sack ..

Bless her clutching old throat muscles .. and without a hint of resistance ..

And did he CUM!! I was pleased and drained ..

"Good bitch. We'll make a real cock sucker / cock swallower out of you .. in no
time .. with a positive attitude like that .. Maybe I'll even puff up your lips
so as you can get a better lip lock .. Won't that be great?"

I believe in praising a tyros when they gives it up. I mussed her now sweat
soaked hair as she laved my slime covered cock and balls.

I regagged her efforts to express her pleasure too, with some pride in my
training. After regagging her I went back to bed .. um .. her bed .. somewhat
contented. Without the full balls syndrome that had driven me downstairs in the
first place.

Carol had a really soft bed. The kind you sort or sink right down into and sleep
soo ..

Well when mr stiffie again reared his little red head ..

I looked at the monitor and saw that she was again on the 'open of her ass hole'
phase of her masturbations.

This along with the normal piss hard on, aroused me .. again!

I mean after all it was 4 hours! Ball draining time again ..

After all you gotta realize, after her snub, I'd been saving myself just for
this nasty little bitch.

Then too I had nothing else to do .. did I?

I tore off her quilt, and got out of her bed. Made my way to the cellar door
lead by my bloated, bobbing dick head. 'Mr stiffie' was targeting as we advance
down the stairs toward a nice coupling.

No robe this time! Just hairy assed old me and mr stiffie.

Bitch must of heard us coming and started to saw that dummy in and out of her
cunt now .... frantically.

(Awww she remembered....)

It was soo cute! We just stood there .. watching each other .. Me standing
behind her, and her all twisted around trying to see if I was .. happy .. For a
while I let mr stiffie just look on and, then, during a change over between
holes ..  I demanded,

"Are you really soo tired? I said you were to fuck open those holes. FOR ME! Not
just play with um for your nasty self ..!"

Slapping the dripping thing from her tired sore red hand, I observed that both
her holes, were not the tight dainty little ones we started with .. They were
now gaping open now and a nice angry shade of red. And they stayed gaping open
nicely from her obedient manipulations of them through the night.

Training! That's what it takes with a new bitch like this ..

I knelt behind her soft white ass cheeks, spread um open with my hands, and
demanded,

"Let's see if you opened these shitty holes up to man sized. Reach back under
here and put me in that shitty ass hole ... If I'm not pleased with the feel ..
or the fucking action ..  I'll have you do the opening .. all over again .. only
this time .. you'll use a knurled 4" pipe for .. say .. about a week. By then
it'll be OPEN and SMOOTH!"

Frantically she reached down and back, searching for mr stiffie. None of that
dainty girlish shit a newbie bitch tries to pull.

Carol was an experienced female bitch, all open, she hopped, and ready for her
fucking ..   Eagerly she fed me inside her now gaping open .. tired .. most
private hole.



And now she was frantic for my approval .. AWW! When she felt me sliding in
between her gaping ass cheeks, she tilted her ass hole up to ease my entrance ..

I don't know about you, guys, but going into a recently opened bitch, like this
one .. you look down ... And when see your 'old willie' sliding between those
two great big white ass cheeks, you are holding open, disappearing inside the
red grommet of a new bitch you own ....

Well it just makes you wanna go squirt ... squirt .. and as this was the first
fuck of a new day. I let my 'old willie' have 'his way' with her..



After mr stiffie was relatively 'empty' I pulled him out of her red ass hole and
stood up. I went round to her head extended through the hole I had made in the
cage top. Her head strained to follow my every move with wide eyed FEAR!

I removed the nice slobbered on panties again and ram fed her my slack wilted
'willie'.

"That was just barley passable but then we have all day to practice ... Now
clean off the shitty stuff you got on my dick .. and be quick about it!"

I didn't give her time to close her mouth as I landed 'willie' on her tongue and
slapped her left ear.

"Hurry up you stupid whore. We've got things to do. And this time I like lots of
tongue action when a bitch cleans my dick .. Especially from her nasty ass hole.
You got that bitch .."

Her tear stained reddened eyes looked up and she seemed to be soo tired and soo
sorry for her past transgression.

Progress?? Perhaps .. But then too .. I'm just too soft hearted for my own good.

And she did not start cleaning after what I deemed an appropriate length of time
soo ... 2 seconds or so ..

So, well, I did say I didn't take care of my piss, before the ass fuck .. so I
just let 'er rip.

He started deep inside her oral cavity but the bitch turned slightly, so she got
some piss inside and the rest, across in her tear stained face .. and chin ..

Then I grabbed her head, and held it in my crotch, so that she would get the
full effect .. over her face, neck, and chest ..

It was pathetic the way she tried to turn and spit out what little that she had
ingested.

Ah well, I had to remind myself .. it was her first real day of training .. but
then like I said before .. I'm just an old softie .. and her hair was soo soft
rubbing against my ball sack ..

After I had drained 'my lizard' I let lose of her head.

I guess trying to breathe while someone is pissing in your face and attempting
to pea down your throat is difficult, and as I said before, it was her first
day....

She wretched and coughed and then some of my piss came out of her nose.



"Now just look at the mess you made. I won't have a messy slave.
Next time you will use more tongue, when I tell you to and in future you will
swallow my sweet piss .. better. From now on till I see you drink from mr
stiffie competently .. nothing else will pass your cock sucking lips."

Discipline that's what she needed,. From my implements, I withdrew my small
pussy whip.

This whip I had lovenlingly braided myself.

It was actually a kind of pony tail made from the long hairs of some of my
former 'students' with a knotted silk popper at the ends. The whole thing was
reinforced with slim metal conductors throughout, for rigidity.

It had many .. many long, very thin lashes.

It was long enough so that the soft end wrapped around my fist .. for good grip,
and it was just the length I like to flay a reluctant bitches clit, cunt and ass
hole, all at the same time!

I stood up close behind her and on her left side where her spread open cunt was
within easy stroking. She sobbed with her head down .. thoroughly miserable.

(I find the under handed stroke most satisfying ... for me that is.).

Using a smooth arching down stroke, balancing myself by my left hand on her
smooth white lower back .. I directed the pussy whip to landed right up inside
her 'holy of holys'.

WHIPPPPPPP

AHHH a braided pussy whip has a sound all it's own..

In no time I got Carol's reaction!

"AHHHHH Please PLEASE Stop... Kill me.... I'll do anything...
Please ... NO MORE .."



"Now if you just had that attitude the other day, when we met. I mean, I smiled
at ya ... we, we wouldn't have to go through all this now." I informed the
pleading bitch.

I walked around to her head and held up a slick plastic ball with holes in it. (
I had lubed it at her cunt hole before coming around.)

"Now if you force me, to put this in your gob, by my self, I'll tickle your
little clit 14 more times .... like that. But if you behave, be a good girl and
keep quiet as a little mouse, I'll only do it, say ..  5 more times ..."

"Please .. please no .. You'll kill me... Please..." she babbled on and on.

"OK I guess you want the ball!" I said moving the slippery slimy thing in front
of her sobbing eyes ... "And the 14 stokes?"

"NO! NO! OH GOD! PLEASE NO... Please no more I'll be good I..."
she started sobbing.

"Then you want 5 more?" I asked.

"Please I'll be ...."

As I was pretending to try to force the ball through the tightly clenched lips
of her mouth, she, through clenched teeth murmured ..

"Five... Please I'll be 'ood. Just 'o 5!"

"Your sure... I mean if you make me come around here again,
I'll will ..."

I trailed off as I again returned to that magnificently presented smooth white
ass and those newly opened, waiting fuck holes.



SWIPPPP

The second stroke landed right up inside the open fleshy grove ...

You could see the cheeks of her ass tighten around it and a loud moan escaped
her lips .. Her ass took on a frantic motion ..  But she held her tongue.

Her brownie winked at me...



Swipppp

"UMMMM!" she started but then I placed my left hand, down there, under her leg,
and started to rub her now swollen little bud ...

Shuttering she now entered into the land of dichotomy, as I call it. She hurt
soo much! And I was toying with her bud! It began to run all together. Actually
it hurts but it hurts soo much it feels ... good! She commenced to juicing up ..
like the slut I wanted to bring out. Her ass cheeks relaxed ... In that long
climb to a cum ... she was going for it. Her hips began to ..

Swippp

I got #4 in without her even sensing it was on the way .. and this time I had
shortened up the 'pussy whip' to attain maximum contact with those soft inner
cunt lips, as I went on with my clit massage..

I could see she was flapping her head and twisting her ass like one possessed.



I continued to masturbate her and ..

SWIPPP

I delivered #5 so that the popper centered it's force on her little brown rose
grommet.

She gargled and thrashed about and then .... passed out.

You will find it is no fun whipping an unconscious bitch, besides I had worked
up an appetite.

Training a new little bitch is so ... well draining.

Besides this bitch, Carol, needed some time to herself .. Time to catch up ...
so to speak on her lesions ..

After securing a large penis rubber gage, in her slack mouth, got to keep up
with her mouth training, after lubricating it in her pussy hole, I wearily
staggered up stairs to make my own breakfast.

(I knew she wouldn't appreciate anything to eat just now..)

*******************

Refreshed from my simple repast, I again descended the basement stairs to
minister to my new training bitch.

She looked magnificent there, all that smooth white flesh with streaks of red,
and her sweat soaked blond hair plastered to her scalp. Her wonderfully soft
white globes seemed to just hang down there .. below her chest .. untouched ..
just waiting for my stimulation.



Hunched over in her cage, just like I left her, those small ivory mounds, with
red cherry caps, caught my jaded attention and held it.





"UUUUMMMM" the bitch moaned as she was jarred awake, from her exhausted sleep,
by a stabbing pain in the apex of her snowy left tit flesh.

She reached up, with her tired free hands, to try to get the pained nip from my
pincer like grip.

Silly bitch!

Not only did I increased the pressure, I commenced a slow twisting motion ..
Just to show her who'se boss here.

Gotta establish that here and now! Make it clear from the first
minute of her consciousness! Till ..

As her hands ineffectually tried to make me let go of her now throbbing nip, I
shouted in her left ear,

"Let go of my hand or I'll twist this damn thing right off ... NOW!"

I know you'll say that this is crude .. especially with a new bitch .. that
hasn't slept all night but  .... Well ...

Life is hard and the sooner she learns who owns the goodies now .. the easier it
will for her... as we progress ..

She tried to look at me, but couldn't quite get her head into the properly
positioned. Finally when I gave the left nip a particularly vicious twist..

"UUUUMMMM!!!"

And she quit trying to hold hands and left the nip twisting to me.

(I'll let her do it, herself, later .. Under my direction ..)

"When ever I see fit to 'play' with this shitty body .. you will smile and if
you can, you will to encourage me. Get this straight, I own this now, along with
all the rest .. of this .. "

I explained as I released the now throbbing swollen left nip and gripped the
virgin right one.

Again her hands fluttered toward my new purchase, but,

"UH AH!"

I utter. This brought about a tearful acceptance of my ownership. .

She was learning. She left the tit twisting to ME .. this time!

I treated myself to a good pinch and short twisting session of this nip. Her
hands fluttered at her side but as she did not fight, I let it go soon.

Lifting up her soft white chin and looking into the tear filled blue pools and I
demanded,

"Show me how the stuck up queen of the perfume counter rubes off her little
clit, when she wants to entertain important company .. Company like me .. the
owner!"

The shock and old haughtiness tried to returned, but my thumbs and forefingers
on her now aching nips brought a quick descent of her right hand to her open
crotch.

"I knew a stuck up bitch like you would be experienced in beating off ... in
public! Come on .. Come on .. now .. show me how a nasty bitch like you did it
after you sluffed off some other poor working slob, like your X, especially when
you spent up his money on you're worthless ass. Remember .. I'm the owner now so
entertain me with it or .. "



From around front of her cage, I starred into her eyes, as she rub the little
nubbin ever soo gently ... Girls do it ever so gently ..

She had difficulty meeting my amused gaze while performing such a 'nasty' act
.... She would learn ... A chin hold sufficed this time ..

I picked up the black ball ended dummy and proceeded to lean over the cage and
force open her relaxed and now rapidly closing anus.

As it touched her tired red most personal hole she, tried to stop masturbating
..

"Don't let me see you stop. After all I'm just helping to ... set the mood ..
for ya. Besides this damn hole had almost totally close up .. and I don't want
that to happen .. ever again ... do I bitch?"

I inquired of her now wedged open privates ...

A deep sob from the other end, when the ball passed her ass grommet and
disappeared in her .. let me know she knew what I meant.

See no other option, she again started to 'entertain me'!

This convinced me .. my bitch .. Carol! She was getting there...

She understood me.

Time for some new exercises .. from my bag I drew out the 'string of  pearls' I
use in bitch training.

Strung at 6 inch intervals on 50 pound nylon test line, I had secured 1 inch
hard seeds.

(You know the kind of seeds that you find, with hard pointy round shells, after
they dry. You know those balls when they dry, from sweet gum trees.

When they are thoroughly dried, they are round, but have all those nice stiff
pointie projections all over them.

I find them particularly useful in initial training with a tight assed bitch,
like my Carol here.

I removed the balled headed dummy from Carol's ass and quickly stuffed all the
barbed seeds inside my now shaking bitch's ass hole.

She did not appreciate them going in one bit ..

Around the cage, I went back to 'playing' with her nice red nips, encouraging
her to resume the manipulating of her little clit .. to amuse me.

The left nip seemed to have swollen up nicely .. but I do not play any favorites
with my bitches. As my left thumb and forefinger closed over the right nip I
thought, I'd give her 'A' for effort so far.

With the pointie spheres in her now stuffed ass hole, and me doing the nip
twist, good old Carol, went back to working the clit, qnd made it through a
number of cums.

She was on number 6, or was it 7, oh hell it doesn't matter.. when I reached
back, and gave the fishing line .. the old manly .. 'heave' -'ho'.

All the stiff pointy seeds, fight their individual ways right up to and then by
her flexing ass grommet. As each seed escapes, their pain full exit is followed
by the grommet's attempted closure, and a new seed's scratchy collision.

Because of the angle, I had on the line, when released, each seed then traveled
up her length of her crack and scratched her inner fleshy ass cheeks ....

She was gripping the side of the cage and .. cuming like the chugging of an old
misfireing lawn mower!!

This is the CUM session that really breaks a bitch!

You just show um another fresh string of seeds and they just melt at your feet
...

Gazing at her bloody ..  clenching .. ass grommet, I knew Carol was
going to be a really good bitch from now on ...






Carol's Romance  # 03
                        by Paladin

Sensing that my bitch had had it for now, I went over to my training supplies
and got out the syringe of meth.

I stuck it in her inner ass crease and teased the stuff in her vitals.

(That way the holes wouldn't show, and mess up the picture of her I cherished,
standing there at the perfume counter sneering at me, would stay the same. That
flawless skin! The proud turned up nose! The air of invulnerability! ... That
BITCH!)

Then too I could give her a lot! And in a place and the swelling would not mar
her soft wispy arms of legs ..

The amount of meth I used would guarantee that though her body would still be
dog tired, her mind would be wide awake through the rest of our little training
session.

As the swelling of her perineum went down, and the dose took effect, I set up
the small tv / vcr set before her captive head, taped a pair of ear phones in
her ears .. and started the processing ..

(After a whole night of 'practicing' with the dildows I knew her holes were ..
available .. but she was just soo tired .. the meth would assure she would be
wired for the rest of the day ..and the tapes would instruct her all the
time .. )

To her bug eyed stair, I started the training video, and instructed her.

"Follow along with the sawing dicks. Oh .. and you'd better pay close attention!
Their will quizzes, and penalties for wrong answers.."

On the tv screen before her eyes, one of my trained bitches was conducting the
deep throating course I had laid out .. on an endless loop ... Carols schooling
began.

My trained bitch, on the tape, was oh soo eager .. to show off her stuff .. the
day we shot this training tape. Her enthusiasm, with the first the trainer
dummy, a huge black jelly like device ..  as it entered her oral cavity, was
partially the result that it was used, instead of the red hot one, just out of
the shot.

But to Carols wired attention the trained bitch, was oh soo satisfying to see
her perform.

After a time accepting the dummy and swallowing it, came the training's
culmination .. my dick ..

Even now, months later, I loved the way it bulged in her clenching .. oh so
tight .. throat!

Ahh the memories of that session will last me ..

All the while the ear phones went over, and over, the audio, about how wonderful
it was to deep throat the slimy hairy dick of your master ...

Again and again the tape drilled the wired Carol on the techniques I demanded
from my slaves ..

As the 'lesion' was an endless loop I could of just sat back and relax and just
let her watch and learn but I like to see the first run through.

(Ain't technology grand .. bitch breaking without ever mussing your hair..)

After I waited to see that everything was working, I went up stairs and took a
nice long hot shower. No problem with the small hot water supply at Carol's as I
only allow cold showers for my bitches ..

When I was refreshed and freshen up, I again donned her oh so soft red silken
robe. (It really felt soft over my hairy rough skin! And then too the garment
lots of 'ball room'. They along with a sleepy mr stiffie just hung down below
the soft material.)

Hanging around without a soft set of lips wrapped around him makes mr stiffie 
.. well twitchy! Unable to wait any more, lead by mr. stiffie I went down
stairs, into the cellar home of my bitch, Carol!

She was starring vacantly at the screen, mouthing the instructions playing in
her ears .. while her dull eyes watched the lesion for the umptheenth time.

Satisfied, it was going well I reluctantly went back upstairs .. We tried to
watched a little tv .. took a little napped, and waited for the time. (It was
hell waiting with mr stifie, but Carol had to get in her proper amount of
schooling! Didn't she.)

When I went back down stairs Carol's mind seemed to be somewhere else so I went
over to the shelf and prepared another syringe for her testing.

Again I stuck the syringe in her ass crease, still in the perineum, but bellow
the last one, and drained the stuff into her vitals.

Then I waited till she seemed to gain more vigorously body movements.

Now for the test!

I stopped the tape, and released her from her cramped bent over position in the
cage.

Carol was totally free of restraint! free as a bird!

"Come out, Come out! My nasty slut.. and let your owner see what you have
learned??"

I demanded.

She appeared rather dazed and oh so spaced out, but she remembered me from
before. Frantically she tried to obey but her coordination was all wrong!.

"Come on .. come on .. If I have to drag you out of there, I may scar up that
pretty hide or tear off those puny tits or something else awful precious to
you!!" I shouted at her now frantic efforts.

She was all tangled up, in trying to turn around in the cramped cage, and trying
to exit at the same time.

It was soo cute I let her figure it out herself. 

Finally she managed to get it all together. Warily she crawled out and of her
new home and immediately started over to me, on her knees as the tape had
instructed.

Shakily she positioned herself, face up, between my knees, right before my
crotch .. just like the good cocksucker position she had learned in the video!

(Hands behind her back, tits firmly against my legs, face turned up starring at
my tented crotch! The naked cocksucker position! I call it!)

I opened the slinky pink robe and inquired ..

"WHAT DOES A GOOD LITTLE CUNT MOUTH WANT?"

"yo .. your magnif .. um .. cock .."



"GUM ME YOU STUCK UP BITCH! AND IF I FEEL SO MUCH AS ONT TOOTH, WE'LL SPEND THE
REST OF THE DAY KNOCKING OUT ALL THOSE TEETH TO MAKE MORE ROOM FOR MY DICK!"

She looked up, (just like the video had instructed) ovaled her sweet lips ..
pussy like .. , scrunched forward, and manipulated me inside her oral cavity,
all this with her soft pink tongue!

Seeing that I did not holler or criticize her, she closed her soft red lips
firmly trapping me in her mouth, and managing to enclosed my dick head.. no
hands .. no teeth .. inside her warm wet recesses ..

I was soo proud of my new bitch!

She had managed it all! She'd guided my prick with her tongue, cover her teeth
with her lips, and drew mr stiffie right down in her mouth and almost into her
throat, all with her suction .. 

All the while keeping her hands locked firmly behind her back.

Then she began to use her head, lips and body to deliver fucking motions to mr
stiffie .. all on her own..

Oh man what a bitch my Carol was going to make after a little practice!!

(I like my cock suckers, NAKED.. so they can give my legs, a tit massage, while
they gum me, AND NO HANDS .. so they can suck it right in!)

Now, just like in the training tape  .. she went right to work, trying to
swallowing my dick head .. right into her clutching throat ..

(Ain't training wonderful! Her lips were soo soft!! And she was now .. soo
willing!)

All the while she smiled, like the tape had instructed. But after some time
trying to she did not manage to swallowed my dick head into her stomach ..

(Boy when the spazming of a bitches esophagus takes your little dick head .. And
.. OOO! There is nothing like it .. for me!)

I just stood there with a frown on my face to encourage her to greater efforts
.. arms folded, Buddha like,  and looking down impassively.

She mechanically tried to assuage me by create that sawing, fucking motion, with
her lips, head and whole body!

As it was her first time, she tied to rush it .. a little .. to much .. well I
knew .. how to fix that,

As I told you I've done this before!

She wanted to just get me off! Get the vile act over with.

No real enthusiasm, no skill .. just a whole lot of the old skin 'er back and
saw .. saw .. saw...

Ah well the tapes can only go so far!

I swept the leather belt, from behind my back, up, and overhand. The whistling
sound it made as it descended down on her cute shaking oh so soft white ass was
deafening .. to me ..

She did not even know it was on it's way till ..

SMAKKKKK!!

Her eyes just seemed to light up!!

Gone was the sleepy .. half dead attitude!

Her whole being came alive .. Her head was driven forward and my dick head ..
seemed to just sink down, and down .. deeper and deeper till it was almost into
her belly ..

NOW!!! God that feels good soo ..

Frantically she made with the suckiee .. fuckie .. and she commenced to that
bobbing and weaving motion of the training tape with her whole being this time
..

I didn't know, that the bitch had it in her .. but with a little training .. 
and a little strap .. she did!!

She just needed to be encouraged .. a little .. to bring out the whore in her!

I could hardly hold back any longer .. but the little bitch started to slide
back off my wonderfully filling organ.

OK so the bitch was turning a little blue but that was her problem!

She got back far enough to resume her breathing .. and then .. I again inspired
her.

SWAPPP

The wide strap again contacted her cute white ass cheeks and again her glove
like throat encased my now supersensitive organ.

I just could not hold back any longer .. The sweat plastered hair .. the pained
expression .. the wild eyed stair at me ..

I CAME!!!!!









After she had spit shined my dick, clean .. Just like on the training tape .. I
rapped her nude tired body in a large towel like piece of cloth, and secured her
in the passenger side of her own car. I chained her feet together to keep her in
the right frame of mind.

Then, off we went, to show off her new 'act' .. in public! ..



I drove around for a while till I found the exact situation I wanted ..

A really disgusting looking old raggedy derelict, standing by the side of a busy
road .. trying to make some change, washing car windows with a bottle of water
and a filthy rag, in the bottlenecked traffic between lights.

I edged the car up to his 'place of business' .. and shouted for him to go
around to the passenger side window ..

Sensing something, a dazed Carol tried to pull the thin white cloth tighter
around her nude body at the bums approach.

I started the video camera I had mounted on the floor to capture the action!

Carol's cocksucker act was about to play the public!

I powered down the passenger side window, opening Carol's side to the frosty
evening rush hour air.

The bum came up to the window, warily peering inside.

Cheerfully I ordered him like we were long time business acquaintances, 

"Stand up right up against the window frame my good man. It's your lucky day ..
The little lady here is soo thirsty .. She was just telling me she needed some
cum .. And when she saw you standing there she just had to have your's! Now you
.. "

"Look here mister .. I ..." the bum began to argue in disbelief.

The waving a twenty dollar bill in the window, silenced him as I went on
informing him,

"The little lady is soo thirsty .. and she soo much wants to suck youre nice
cock! You wouldn't want to disappoint her? Would you? Go on  Carol dear tell the
man how much you want .. "

The red swollen eyes burning in all that matted hair, just seem to glow, at the
sight of that $20 bill.

Carol choked something unintelligible, and looked like she wanted to be sick.
She looked over pleadingly at me.

I hopped the camera was getting all this down on the tape. Portable setups are
soo .. unpredictable ..

The offer of the blow job, even from a young beautiful female like Carol, seemed
to be indifferent to the bum .. but now the offer of a $20 bill!

He quickly looked around, as if gauging the traffic, and his other business
prospects, then he stepped up against the window frame. 

He reached down, and undid the old frayed cord holding up his stained, wrinkled,
mostly black pants, and let them drop below the side window opening. Thus he
exposed his tattered gray underwear to Carol and I in the car and most of the
people passing by on the sidewalk.

He pulled down the gray material down, after another look around, exposing a
matted mass of smelly black and white hair covering the pasty white skin of his
crotch!

Unasked he reached into the nasty mess, fumbled about a bit with his right hand
and finally found and withdrew what he was feeling for.

Carefully he withdrew his gnarled reddened right claw like hand.

When the hand emerged from his hairy tangled nest, it held a horribly wrinkled,
putrid gray looking, limp tube like thing that must be his cock. The folds of
gray skin gave the tube's end the appearance that it must be hollow.

Satisfied he had done his part he let go of the thing. When he let go, it
appeared to just hang down there from his nasty smelly nest of black and gray
pubic hair for a moment.

It was totally flaccid! And then it seemed to start it's retreat from sight.

Carol would have to work hard to get that thing off, but I wanted her newly
acquired skills to be honed to a sharp edge .. for me!

The smell must have been horrible on Carol's side of the car, for it was bad
even over on the drivers side.

I can imagine what assault Carol's delicate olfactory nerves were enduring ..
she would learn to appreciate my relatively clean dick henceforth.

She looked over to me with pleading eyes.

But smiling at her distress, I ordered,

"Go to it honey .. the poor mans waiting .. and I know you are sooo thirsty for
some nice thick cum .. And um .. remember their is a line of traffic waiting."

"You know we can wait .. but the people behind us .. they might just get anxious
if you take too long .. Of course then, too, they might all want you to donate
some of your time and skills and then  .. "

I further taunted my bitch, Carol, by reaching over and starting to unwrap her
covering cloth ...

Horrified, she looked at 'IT'. And at then back at me. Then at the waiting
traffic.

She saw I was serious ... and although 'IT' had hung right there .. before, 'IT'
was fast disappearing  back .. into it's nasty nest .. and the traffic beside us
was starting to move, but I wasn't!

Everything .. it seemed .. was waiting for her ..

The light must of changed, for cars beside us moved, and cars behind us
commenced to honking .. but I just sat there toying with the cloth sheet which
was now down below Carols cute titties.

The bum looked a little nervous, 'IT' remained flaccid and now just barley
visible, in it's retreat from sight.

(So much for Carol's charms!)

She was now nearly naked .. in broad day light, on a public street .. and she
knew I wasn't moving the car till she 'did' the bum ..

Reluctantly she reached for the putrid smelly thing with her soft right hand.

As she reached for it her covering clothe completely unwrapped from around her
and fell out of sight below her waist. She emerged in almost all her glorious
woman hood, there in the harsh light of day, gingerly holding 'IT' with two of
her delicate white fingers..

The poor bum, on seeing the beautiful woman sitting there reaching for his
organ, began to stir, a bit, deep down in his long unused gonads.

The withered old organ seemed to remember it's sexual function and it tried to
expand itself to pierce the inside of the nice warm car to meet the small white
palm.

But it was severely lacking in length or girth .. for that.

The video camera running, capturing, I hopped, all of this on tape, but I now
began snapping pictures with my handy digital (I like stills for the album) as
Carol leaned forward and attempted fit the nasty deformed thing in her oh so
sweet little lips.

To add to her alacrity, I offered,

"Would you like to get outside, and ..um .. maybe kneel down on the pavement
Carol? You'd  have a lot more room .."

I triggered the lock on her door.

Gasping, her training seemed to take over, and she sucked the horrible thing
into her lips. She begin to rim the nasty little thing with her tongue .. unlike
the training video .. though .. she continued to used her hand to keep contact.

(Ah well she was just a learner .. Maybe next time!)

Carol seemed to be  trying to get the bum organ's into her mouth without
breathing .. AWWW!

The light must of changed again! For their appeared to be cars beside us, but
none ahead!

But I was too interested in my bitch Carol's performance .. besides me so I
couldn't move .. Anyway Carol wasn't done!

But as we waited, I did admonished her,

"Come on honey .. the man has a business to run, and all those people behind us
are getting real impatient waiting! Are you sure you wouldn't want to get out
and kneel on the curb?"

All the while I was taking a flurry of stills .. to cap0ture the memory!

The horns were blared and some of the people began to shout obscenities!

Isn't it the same everywhere?

Everyone is in such a hurry! No one wants to give a bitch the time it takes to
get the job done with any grace!

The horns seemed to me to blared louder, but I kept Carol at her task.

It is important that a cocksucker learn the basic and what better way than with
a bunch of screaming people wanting her to .. just ..

"GET ON WITH IT!"

"Carol honey you better hurry .. people are waiting and we're not moving till
Mr. ?? What did you say was your name.."

I inquired of the pair.

"UM  UUUU UM I'm Mik .. uuuu" the hairy ball that was the bum's head, parted and
his pink / gray tongue showed, framed by a jagged broken row of yellow and
green, what had been teeth ..

"Swallow Carol" I ordered with her left nipple pinched in my right hand..

She was soo dehydrated from her training sessions that maybe she needed
moisture, vile and meager though it would be.

"Mike if their is anything you'd really like her to do .. you just tell our girl
Carol here .. And she'll be ever so happy to .." I said. "Maybe a hum job .. or
something? .. Anything??"

Suddenly the old derelict gave out with a small .. grunt and a shutter, and ..
then he seemed to stagger back, away from the window, grasping the putrid thing
he peed with in both of his hands ..

His actions completely de-coupled his tube from Carol's ovaled lips!

A thin stream of some yellowish goo seemed to be oozing out from 'IT' to Carol's
now gaping empty mouth.

Some of the other drivers had now left their cars and were advancing on both
sides of the car. I perceived this in the side mirror so ..

I flipped the bill, folded around a quarter out the window (You all ways tip for
good service) and as a throng of other drivers were coming around their cars and
starting for us, I pilled rubber down the now deserted lane before me, and
powered up Carol's window. Our escape route led around the block, on two wheels,
and out of sight of Carol's audience.

In the rear view mirror I saw, the old bum was dragging up his pants and
underwear and staggering out into the road in the way of the traffic. He was
trying to retrieve his 'stud fee', thus holding up any would be pursuers
further.

As we drove away Carol collapsed down across her seat belt, into a series of dry
heaves and hysterical crying.

She didn't even care that her cloth covering was down on the floor and she was
totally nude in the rush hour traffic.

Of course I had it all down on video, and continued filming her antics ... as we
left the scene.

(Remarkable what these small digital cameras can get, even in the front seat of
a car! And this along with the video footage will be very instructive for Carol
and her sister cock suckers. After all it is just like the playback at a game.
I'll rerun this tape and we'll go over her errors for her next time ..)

I held out a bottle of tequila to her, and forced her to swallow three full
gulps.

Later I fully intend to use that mouth myself, tonight, and so I wanted to
cleanse, it with an anapestic didn't I?

When the alcohol hit Carol's all but empty stomach, it had the desired effect. I
pulled over and again powered down Carol's window.

Reaching over, I unbuckled the seat belt, and forced Carol's head out of the
car's window, till most of her naked torso hung out of the car window, vomiting,
and her cute ass hung inside heaving. This to keep the inside clean ..

Carol was soo busy heaving, that she did not even consider her exposed titties
wiggling out for all to see, important ...

Poor girl she was soo sick .. and weak .. but only a little fluid came up ..
Mostly dry heaves ..

Finally I pulled her ass back into the car, buckled her unresisting nude form in
and drove her back home.

Inside the garage, I couldn't wait anymore.

The day had been such a success!

And I felt soo horny!

I just dragged Carol out of the car, bent her over the still hot hood and did
her right there .. doggie style ..



Carol offered no resistance .. and no help either. She just lay there.  Not one
of her better fucks but right then .. I didn't care that.

Later when I was done, I lead her unresisting form, down stairs. She seemed
happy to be home. And when I demanded she get into her cage, she meekly crawled
inside and positioned herself .. without even being told to.

She went right inside, I knew, in hopes that we were done with the days 
training ..

Once I secured the cage, I again started her training tape and let her come down
from her feelings of embarrassment, seeing and hearing her cock sucking
instructions .. again ..

Upstairs I fired up the computer and with a real stiffie, edited the new footage
into the training tape. Carol would now had a personalized tape of her own.

We had made together.

The image of Carol, herself, sucking off the horrible bum's dick  would really
bring home the lesion for her. She could see the action and relive all those
personal feelings from a her own point of view.

Especially after we discussed her short comings at the critique session ...

I inserted some familiar road signs and views of the other cars so Carol could
relive the experience every time she passed by this particular intersections.
Every so often I added a still to point out a good .. or bad point in our up
coming critique.

Who knows maybe the same bum .. um a ..Mike .. something
might be there again as she passes their spot... I sure they'd both remember
their corner .. forever ..

(Memories..)

I'd make sure Carol would .. Mike?? Well maybe .. but he is a man .. and the $20
dollars worth of wine or something .. could dull ones senses, but I could hope
..

Once I had the new footage I cut it into Carols training tape and went back down
to the basement.

Carol was sleeping fitfully with the training tape going.

Fallen asleep during her training!! Well the old material was kind of dated but
this new footage ..

I needed Carol's attention! So I inserted a small fire cracker in her relaxed
ass hole and after cueing up the tape, I set off the fire cracker.

Bang!

Carols ass woke her out of her daze. (Shall we say with a bang!)

Another injection in her ass crease and she was up for her new lesions ..
Even with the ball gag in her mouth, you could see her reliving her time in the
car, in the down town rush hour traffic.. She still had enough moisture in her
to cry .. so I knew she was getting it!

I left her with her new, personalized instructional tape, and went upstairs to
bed.

What can I say? My old bones get soo tired these days ..

But a small nap and .. I'll be back ready ..




                      Carol's Romance  # 04
                        by Paladin

After a good 4 hours sleep I awoke with that curse  of all mankind ... the piss
hard on.

As an ordinary man, when you sleep alone, you just  have to forget it. But here,
now in Carol's place ..  with a beautiful female trainee downstairs just 
waiting, aching in fact, to take care of things  like this .. Well ..

I was soo much in need I didn't even bother to put on her  robe. I just let old
mr stiffie lead me, starkers, down  the stairs to the basement, to the pussy I
knew was  waiting for me.

Old mr stiffie is real good at that .. (finding pussy)

Once he get's on the scent of a wet pussy .. he's never  failed me ..

This time was no exception ..

When I descended the stairs .. Carol, the pussy, was  down there, of course,
spread open like I left her, in her cage,  watching her training video.

Reliving her mouth action on the disgusting bum for the ..  zillionth time. 

As I stomped down the stairs, the poor thing got that renewed look of horror on
her tear stained face. She made an attempt to look about at me for something ..
but I ordered,

"Don't let me distract you .. YET.. You go on watching!"

I got some petroleum jelly and lubed up old mr siffie .. (can't count on her for
these vital things, like keeping her holes lubed .. just yet ..) 

Being oh so careful, not to make him too excited .. I could lose it right here
.. and make a mess on Carol's soft white back  ..

Being mr nice guy .. I went over to the back of the cage.

I didn't want to disturb her viewing so as I silently opened the cage's back
door,  Quietly I held her head in viewing position as I propped up her but ..
and .. well you know .. fitted the old pipe to her oh so tight  neither hole ..

It was tough going and without the jelly mr stiffie might have been scraped!

Her little ass hole had tightened with out use, so I woke it up .. filled up ..
with ME!

All ten solid inches .. of ME!

She had been soo dry and tight ..  even after the opening with the dummy .. but
I didn't mind. I mean after all, I didn't go to all the trouble of finding a
nice clean bitch, like Carol. To training her .. to find an old stretched out,
much used up ass hole .. whore now did I?

Tight holes like this show good muscle tone .. I like that.

I shouted out,

"The owner is here .. and he wants HIS FUCKING ASS! And it better show him a
good time.. Or else.. We can find you some more playmates like Mike there for it
.. Why I'll bet he has a whole lot of .."

Some where deep inside her troubled consciousness, I know, Carol must have
realized what I was saying .. for ..

Even though she was in pain, had little lateral freedom, and hadn't slept in
days, she began to try to fuck me back ...

AND SHE TRIED HARD!



To savor the moment, I just had to slow down .. I mean she was moving soo good I
just had to pulled out .. panting like I'd run a mile .. (Boy am I out of shape)
mr stiffie didn't even falter .. He kept his pointer indicating the hole he
wanted to be in .. But I let him point and begin to cool down .. laying there,
sweating over Carol's back.

Then when we had rested, we coupled up and began again .. This time the bitches
ass hole was open wide .. just waited for us .. We entered with a rush ..

To make it last .. I did this .. pull out .. reinsert .. etc. three times ..
This to give mr stiffie that full, ball draining, cum I wanted for this bitch's
ass hole.

This bitch will remember this mornings fuck for all her lifetime.

And when I finally couldn't hold it any longer ..

I reared back, and just held on to her soft hips, sunk mr stiffie as deep as he
could go .. and spewed and spewed .. This was a ball drainer ..

Oh was I drained! So I let her come down for a while too, and I just lay there
.. resting on her straining, sweating back.

Secretly I was pleased with her progress.

Finally I rose up slapped her oh soo smooth wet ass flesh and left her there
dripping my cum from my newly claimed ass hole. I had accomplished my goal. I
CAME! and I now made it clear to the bitch I owned her ass TOTALLY!!

So let her rest and relive the video! Relax her ass hole .. And replay her day
over and over again and wonder about what comes next ..

Yes Sir! My fuck toy Carol was coming along nicely.

But as I staggered up the stairs, I heard something?? Someone knocking at the
back door??

Here I was in the cellar naked, fucking my new bitch's ass hole and some S.O.B.
had the audacity to try to come in here .. and disturb me!

I'd KILL UM!!

At the to the top of the stairs, I was amused to find an older woman just
entering the kitchen through the back door. And she had a key??

From the wild eyed stair I knew, she was taken aback by the sight of the naked
hairy brute coming up the cellar stairs ..

ME!

She just stood there speechless!

That deer caught in the headlights look!

I think what most of her embarrassment was centered around poor greasy limp
little 'mr stiffie'..

"Yea what do you want bitch?" I demanded of the stunned woman...

She just couldn't speak .. or anything .. She just stood there frozen .. and
then in embarrassment .. she tried to take a couple of steps backwards .. and
then she turned around to try to run, but by then I easily had a hair hold on
her.

And by her second step, I was using her own momentum to fling her around 180
degrees and then crash her up against the kitchen wall.

She just kind of, bounced off the wall, and dazed, sort of slid down onto the
floor.

Letting go of her hair, I carefully stepped forward beside her left ear, and
squatted down, thus pinning her head and hair to the floor. Now I could look
over the nosey bitch at my leisure.

As I was squatting down there to get a good look at her, I sensed some movement
so I stiff armed grasped her throat and with my left hand held it to the floor
as I proceeded to look her over.

She was .. well .. interesting .. OLD .. older than I usually fool with ..

Curiously I reached out my free right handed and began to explore .. ok ..
fondle .. her so soft, left tit mound.

The tit didn't seem too bad. Kinda saggy, but maybe it would be interesting ..
if I got it out of the tit holder .. so while I held her throat to the floor, I
began to tear her blouse open, slowly, with my right hand.

Once I had the buttons ripped open, I tore away the cloth. Still I had to dig
below the sling for a feel of the fleshy orbs themselves.

The stunned woman's hands briefly fluttered their opposition, but a squeeze to
her throat and a shake of my head, stopped that shit quick.

Man .. she had a lot of shit in the way, but I was persistent, and before her
face was even really blue, I had those titties free from under the tit sling,
for my first rough assessment.

As I had at first thought, kinda saggy, but the nipples were cute, so I reached
out and I pinched the left one, HARD!, as I inquired,

"Who the fuck are you?"

A gurgling grunting attempt at communication led me to know ... this was Carol
cunt's mother ... or so she claimed.



She'd probably come over to snoop on how my fuck bitch, her daughter, was
getting on. Well she'd find out ..

All the while she was grunting out her information .. and was trying to pry my
fingers off her hurting twisting nipple, and choking throat, her blue eye's
seemed mesmerized with floppy, limp, little old 'mr stiffie'.

He was just hovering there .. A black holed fleshy cylinder  right above her
staring right in her eyes.

Of course he has no manners .. poised and right there he began to drip his goo
.. right onto her sweating straining forehead. I don't know which she hated the
most .. being strangled .. groped .. of dripped on??

Tiring of that game, I let go of the nipple and commenced to squeezing the whole
left tit .. checking it for firmness .. You know ..  Like all you would like to,
when ya see a nice pair .. if you had the guts.

The tit was fully natural, nothing artificial .. big brown nip, now hardened
from handling, sticking right up there. Sassy as ya please.

I hate those pumped up shit ones! Pure whore shit ..

But hers .. I was satisfied with them.

Yea this could be the mother cunt ..

Carol was a natural girl too!

I relaxed my strangle hold on her throat somewhat and let her have some air.

Not much, mind you, but just enough to keep her conscious .. for now.

They're more fun that way .. 

I again took up my hair pull hold, steeped back and lifted the thoroughly cowed
woman up to her feet, and dragged her into the center of the kitchen.

From the counter, I picked up a large shinny knife, and slid the pointie part of
the blade up under her now quivering chin.

With my foot, I hooked over a stiff wooden chair, and forced her corpulent ass
down into it.

From above her, I held the knife under her chin and told her,

"One word, One fucking word,  and I'll slit your throat, and then I'll bring
Carol up here and do her too! And then you can watch that as your last sight ..
YOU understand me, BITCH?"

Her terrified eyes told me she was scared shitless and the smell of urine
confirmed it!



I tore down her blouse and bra to her waist. This denude her upper half totally
and kept her hands and arms trapped at her sides.

Now I repositioned the knife, in my hand, and began to run the dull edge over
her soft smooth heaving chest. Smiling I traced the areolas with the blades
sharp pointie tip.

"Be a shame to have to cut these off wouldn't it?" I asked the terrified woman
but when she tried to object or something .. I quickly placed the point of the
knife under her chin again.

"SUSSSH!"

I demanded.

And I went back to running the dull edge over her expansive quivering mammarys.

"Carols aren't soo big .. I haven't cut hers off yet either .. but .. well ..
You fuck up and I will ... Why if you aren't a good bitch .. I make you watch
me, as I do it. Do you understand me? Why I might even make you fry um up and
eat um."

"Would you like that?"

You have to look um .. right in their eyes and have that smiling demonic
expression just right.

This scares the shit right out of um.

It establishes TERROR! in their minds from then on!



To her I was just this naked demonic presence standing over her with a sharp
shiny knife tracing her tit flesh .. She had no options .. She didn't want to be
cut up and she really didn't want to be the cause of her daughters ... well you
know ..

"So you are going to cooperate?" I asked  again placing the knife point under
her chin?

Her eyes let me know at this point .. she'd do anything ..

I took a fist full of her hair again in my left hand and dragged her up off the
chair and forced her back against the kitchen door.

My knife point stayed up under her chin all the way.

"Now you be real still .. real still .." I demanded.

I flashed the blade down and sliced open the front of her skirt from her crotch
down .. but I did not cut her .. this time .. just the cloth.

Again I ran the blade up under her chin and demanded,

"Stay perfectly still .. Or .."

With more care this time, I sliced down from her corpulent waist to the previous
incision thus renting the skirt to a useless rag.

The fabric fluttered down to the floor leaving her with only her sensible white
nylon panty covering her hairy cunt ..

Again I flashed the blade back to her chin and demanded..

"Still .. or I cut you and then .. maybe your little bitch ... too! "

I carefully rented her sensible panties and threw them away. With the pointy
part of the knife I traced around her messy pubic hair.

"What a messy cunt!!"

"Bitch, you have one messy cunt!"

"Didn't you ever hear of trimming this shit?" I demanded.

With tears flowing down her cheeks, she started to try to say something .. to
object .. or .. but I quickly silenced her with the blade tip under her chin ..
again.

I lowered the blade, reversed it and this time I began to teased her little
hooded treasure with the knife handle.

All the while, starring right in her tearing eyes and watched for the break ..

When it came .. I could even smell it.

"God you are one hot bitch! .. Aren't you? You love this don't you!" I demanded
of the speechless terrified woman. The one with the flowing cunt.

Quickly I grabbed her trapped left fore arm.

I threw her through the doorway into the living room, and forced her, face down
over Carols big fluffy white couch's arm.

Her soft white ass flesh stuck up over the arm there .. all lubed up .. just
asking for mr stiffie's attention .. and that was just too tempting.

"STAY!!" I demanded of the bitches ass.

Even after his recent ball drainer mr stiffie was now in need of relief!

Again!

I mean .. after all .. the target, her ass, was stuck right up there .. waiting
..

So she was OLD .. that plump white ass there looked .. ageless .. and soo
invitingly fuckable .. to him ..

So I wedged myself in-between her flaying legs and with none of that foreplay
shit, and sunk greasy old 'mr stiffie' home in her surprisingly wet, tight cunt.

He was already slick from before, but it wasn't easy going .. the bitch was wet
but oh soo tight!

Bitch probably hadn't had it in a year .. or longer .. a long while anyway!

Well he loves a virgin ass holes .. better ..

And she was making it really easy .. the bitch ..

No fight in her .. and all juiced up to go!

Disgusted with her acquiescence .. I held the knife against the top of her right
breast and goaded her,

"Now you're one hot bitch!! And we both know it! So quit the dead ass virgin
sacrifice act! You better give me a good ride .. Or I just might decide to take
off this nipple..  for a trophy!"

This convinced her .. She groaned and then commenced to grunting .. And finally
she started to forcing herself back into mr stiffie for all she was worth ..

Try as the old cunt might though, now she just wasn't tight enough for me .. or
mr.stiffee .. NAA .. he wanted something better .. something tighter ..

Something really tight!

So on an out stroke .. I ripped 'mr stiffie' right out of there and giving her
no time to object, or prepare, I shoved him right back, but this time into the
tighter little hole just above her now sloppy .. loser one.

"UUUUU", She started to object but it was too late ... We were in .. and sawing
away ..

She tried to rear back .. but only her head moved, and then too I still had the
knife blade under her right tit flesh. I scrapped it over the nipple areola ..
and she could only whimpered, and  lay back down there over the couch arm,
grunted some more but she knew better than to object .. so she kept on fucking
me back ...

I've got to say this for Carol's mother's ass hole .. (If that's who the ass
hole belonged to..)

It gave us a really nice ride!

But then I had business, an interrogation of why she was here and who knew she
was here and what else ..

This could be really messy, so I when 'mr stiffie' was done, and all soft and
dripping, it was time to put her on ice.

So I dragged her over to the hall closet, shoved her against the wall, and threw
the contents of it out and on to the floor.

With the tape I had brought there with me, I began tapping her mouth shut, still
dazed she knew enough to not resist. Her arms went behind her back and were
easily tapped thee.

Then I forced her down on the floor on her back. Once on the floor, I grabbed
her ankles, lifted them up to the hanging rod, and taped them there being
careful to spread them wide open .. for future use ...

I left her head on the floor and retaped her ankles to the rod again and again.

Can't be too sure!

Some strips torn from her skirt, made a nice blindfold for her.

Then to show her my displeasure with it, I tore out a small amount of her oh so
messy pubic hair. This is also a testing device I use for volume.

The volume of sound, she was able uttered was acceptable so, I dropped the hair
from my fist, closed the closet door and went looking for my clothes.

I had to reconnoiter the area for my own security, so much as I hated it clothes
were necessary.

First I policed up the area, her rented clothes went into the garbage.  I  found
and dumped out her purse on the table.

I peeked outside and saw a large car waiting for her, but no one else seemed to
be in or around it.

 I figured.

I went through the contents of her purse and found her address and things, but
the bitch had no pictures in her wallet.

Using what I had and the indirect approach, I would seek out from little Carol
more information first, to better interrogate the mother cunt .. but that could
wait .. Both bitches were here now, secure and so I left them both to "STEW" ..

I needed my morning coffee.

Don't you just hate it when that happens? You set out to take care of your hard
on and ...

BITCHES!!

I sat at the kitchens table and leisurely drank my morning brew. At the front
door I found the paper, so I looked it over for points of interest.

Thus rested and refreshed, I took an extension cord, Carols curling iron, and a
fresh coffee cup down to the basement.

(After first reheating the coffee in the microwave assuring myself a nice warm
cup for a while.)

Carol was still where I left her, with my load of semen dripping out of her ass
and puddled under her.

What a satisfying sight!

I plugged in the cord and found that the curling iron with no extension could 
rest nicely on top of the Carol's cage .. right up by her left ear ..

As it heated up, I turned off the tv she had been so intently watching for
instruction, and just sat there before her quietly sipping my second cup of
coffee .. waiting and watching my sex toy.

I smiled at her .. and waited.

As I smelled the warming iron as I finished my coffee.

Little mr stiffie's needs had caused my coffees delay .. so I savored the last
of this cup, and looked over my bitch. 

He does that to me .. all the time .. but well he has his uses too ..

Quizzing the bitch Carol could wait ..

I needed my pick me up ..

NOW! 

Coffee first!

And it was soo good .. I decided .. to go up the stairs and make
myself another cup ..

My charges could just wait for me!

They would appreciate my attentions more if they had to wait for it a  while
longer ..

They'd have other .. um .. stimulation .. when my gut was satisfied ..

I sipped the warm brew, my third, and decided, I was just too tired ..

I decided to take a small nap before I began again!

---

After my short nap, again naked, in Carol's soft bed, I again arose, finished my
now cold coffee, and again went down the hall to the cellar stairs to checked on
my prize possession .. MY .. bitch CAROL!.

But first, being paranoid, I went to the closet, tore open the door  and
observed the naked hairy female sex .. hanging there .. just like I left it.

I couldn't resist .. I reached out and fingered it. The ass hole was still full
of my emanations.

She must have felt my fingers inside her and she seemed to stir .. a little ..

Yea mother cunt was still there .. hung there ..  head shrouded .. arms
restrained behind her .. just like I had left her.

A thin film of my cum had dribbled out of her vagina coating her inner sex lips.
(A past triumph!.)

I ran my hands over the hairy outer labia and softly stroked her little man in
the boat.

Mother cunt made a soft moaning noise and then sought to sway away from my touch
.. that had to be discouraged!!

I seized a hand full of the thick smelly black bush hair, she coated her
precious cunt with and attempted to lift .. UP!

This brought out a startled soft shriek!!

"When I see fit to stroke this worthless scrap of flesh .. you'd better feel
honored and respond accordingly .. Do your understand me?"

I demanded of the reddening sex punctuating the statement with a series of jerks
at the inflection points.

Carol's mother cunt could not of course, respond verbally, but I sensed she saw
the right of my feelings and my claim on the organs under discussion.

So I went back to toying with the 'hair lift' .. release .. 'hair lift' ..
release .. etc for a while till I was sure that the cunt got the message.

I released my hold and let the cunt quiet down a while, as I observed the
distended hair follicles receding from their distended, pulled out positions.

Then I returned to fingering my new hole and scratching it's hooded treasure.
The cute little nubbin distend itself from its little hiding place.

This time, mother cunt did not object or try to resist me in any way!

That was soo nice that I blew a stream of air down into her hole and then
stroked around her anus with my thumb.

As I've found out before they all ways resist giving this up so as I expected
again she tried to resist me ..

Sighing I withdrew my index finger from it's scratching duties .. like she
wanted .. but then I plunged my right thumb rapidly inside her most personal
hole.

"Naughty naughty!" I chided her as I flexed my now submerged digit .. and when I
had made room!  I inserted my left thumb along side my right one.

NOW SHE HAD SOMETHING TO OBJECT TO!

"I warned you .. When ever I see fit to touch this sorry flesh you better relax
and help me or .."

I flexed my two thumbs and began stretching the tiny grommet almost to it's
bursting point.

Mother cunt came alive! At first she attempted to bend in half. But that did no
good,. So she did the old buck and wriggle like I had plunged a knife inside her
anus. I followed her through out her at first frantic motions and as they grew
fainter and fainter, I reprimanded her,

"Remember the more you fight me the harder it's going to be!"

She stopped fighting me!!! And just hung there!

HURTING!

While I enjoyed the smelly dark view down inside her.

I knew she had passed out and would not benefit further from my stretching of
her anus so I withdrew my thumbs, wiped them off on her soft white belly flesh,
and left her hanging there to revive while I went down to revive and retrieve my
bitch, Carol.

In the kitchen sink, I washed my hands.

Bitch breaking can be soo messy if you do it right!

Suddenly I was soo thirsty! In the refrigerator I found and drank a couple of
sodas and rested a minute at Carol's kitchen table, allowing the hardon, mr
stiffie had to subside somewhat.



Good training .. no??

I don't know what it is about lezzie stuff, but the vary thought of it brought
old mr stifie to a rousing lift as I went down the stairs and found poor Carol
all scrunched up in the far end of her cage.

"Come out! Come out!" I shouted as I descended the stairs,

"Play time is here again! Come on out and see what I have found just for you!"

Carol looked at me with horror in her eyes. She shook her head .. but she knew
better than to say no!

I opened the door, and  released her from the cage. As she crawled out I
collared her (with a metal choke collar), and led her, on all fours like a prize
bitch (for that was what she was) around to the now red hot iron.

I held it under her twitching nose and informed her,

"We are going to have a quiz! You are going to tell me the birthday of your
mother and her current address."

"If you get it right .. Well let's just say .. You will still have two good eyes
.. if not well .."

Carol spouted right out with the birth date on 'mother cunt's' license and with
the correct address too.

So I knew my assumption was right. The cunt upstairs was the mother cunt.

"Now is she currently living alone?"

Carol assured me this was true.

(Seems mother cunt was like bitch, divorced!)

This was enough info for now, and I didn't want to spoil the surprise .. so I
unplugged  the iron and with it in hand, I lead my now leashed bitch, Carol, on
her hands and knees, (I like the view of my bitch that way) up the stairs and
into her own kitchen.

Dragging her to her feet with the choke collar, I shoved her, face first to the
closet door.

I tore open the door and slowly pushed bitch into the darkened enclosure, with
it's naked cunt hanging a little lower than face height.

Carol on seeing the smelly hairy messy thing, tried to pull back.

"AWW! Come on now! I went to a lot of trouble to get this training aid just for
you! Now you just get right in there and .. TRAIN!"

I demanded, forcing her face first, into 'mother cunt's' recently used  cunt.
(They say a mother can tell her baby from its smell.) Well when I forced Carol's
nose into the wet, cum filled, vaginal hole she obviously did not recognize this
cunt.

Carol started to try to use her hands to brace herself from further contact with
this obviously female 'training aid'.

"Keep those hands clasped behind your back! Or I'll take a whip to those titties
again!" I informed my recalcitrant tyro.

Carol saw the futility of resistance and let me guide her face up and down the
'mother cunt's' crack.

"See I got you a nice large one to train on! Aren't you glade?"

Carol did not say anything but I sensed, 'mother cunt' stirring.

"Now that you face is acquainted with it .. Does it seem familiar??"

"Well maybe it's the cum in there. Go ahead and clean out that sticky mess ..
with that talented tongue of yours .. Come on now.. clean it all up .. good.
There's a good girl!" I demanded. "Don't worry, the cum is all mine so we both
know you like that! Don't we?"

Carol tried to rear back but I held her by the back of her head inside the
smelly slit.

"Don't make me angry! Or I can give this cunt a big warm oily enema, let you
watch it's results .. from where you are now ..  and then you'll have to clean
that up too .. after watching all the shittie mess come out .. all over your
face! I'll bet you won't like that one  bit ..  WELL!!"

I think Carol cunt saw the logic in that., so reluctantly she lowered her head
and commenced to tonguing the messy cunt hole and slit before her ..  And with a
little more .. um .. persuasion .. she even probed for my cum in her mother's
second holes.

Mother cunt, who till now had just hung here passively, decided to try to object
by shaking her body and such.

"See, now, this lezzia really likes the way your tongue her. See how she likes
your tonguing? Give the bitch a real thrill .. Do her little button for her ..
now!" 

Mother cunt tried to violently object, but Carol, guided by my hand behind her
head, began to lave the now stiff red button like organ.

Carol seeing the effect this was having on the cunt before her, started to try
to stop by bringing her hands up.

"GET THOSE HANDS DOWN! BITCH!" I demanded. "ONLY YOUR TONGUE IS REQUIRED FOR
THIS BITCH  .. NOW!"

Carol's hand's fluttered momentarily and then returned behind her back as she
continued to tongue the now glistening little love bud.

Then despite herself, mother cunt, commenced to shuttering and finally gave up
all resistance. I had been waiting for this moment. I grabbed Carols hair, and
dragged her face out of mother cunt's cunt.

I held Carol back causing 'mother cunt' to thrash about without the  cum, she
was expecting and when the shuttering subsided, I had Carol resume her
cunnilingus on the cunt before her .. her mother's cunt.

We made a game of it! We brought mother cunt to the brink .. oh say  4 times or
so.

We had soo much fun .. Then I finally decided to let um have a little girley
fun.

So on the last run up, I masturbated Carol also to a cum just when 'mother cunt'
went over the edge.

Both cunts went over! Together ..

Then I forced Carol down onto her knees and exposed 'mother cunt's' face to her.

Needless to say their was a great out poring of emotion .. I mean imagine Carol
kneeling here with 'mother cunt' fresh spendings all over her face. And 'mother
cunt' starring up at her daughter's wet face ..  knowing that she, her own
daughter, had given her, her first lesbian cum!

What a moment! Why I wish I had arranged a camera to record it, but no. It was a
spirit of the moment deal .. Well no matter! Their will be other moments!

Suddenly, like I knew they would, both women grew really shy!

Or was it that they just couldn't look one another in the face after ..

OK if they don't want to see each other's face .. I could easily fix that.

After cutting 'mother cunt' down from the closet rod, I had Carol drag her out
into the hall.

There I had Carol crawl up over 'mother cunt' and I secured them there, head to
cunt, belly to belly.

Now each had a crotch eye view of their nearest relatives cunt.

I retrieved the still warm curling iron. It was still hot, but nowhere near
persuading hot, but just hot.

I plugged it in, in a kitchen outlet and warmed up as I nuked my remaining
coffee in the microwave.

ding ..ding .. ding..

As I sipped my coffee, I set up my camera to record the bonding action I was
going to initiate.

Then after I finished my coffee, I stood over the puddle of smooth white female
flesh and informed my cunts.

"You're going to experience a real bonding now. You two will be soo bounded .."

"You two obviously love one another .. and Carol, you little lezzie cunt ya,
it's not as if you haven't done, this very cunt before .. So when I say go, let
me see some nice girlie action .."

Both tried to keep their respective faces as far from the other's cunt as
possible .. Ah well I tried to be reasonable.

I squatted down with the now red hot iron in my right hand and explained.

"The lager will get to watch me burn the other's cunt's labia .. Do you
understand me?"

No reply so as I was kneeling by Carols head, I touched 'mother cunt's' right
labia, right there, before Carols wide big blue eyes.

As the cunt moisture turned to steam, we heard ..

"AAAA!AA!!qqqqq!!" 'mother cunt' cried and even gave out with a little sprit of
pee, right in poor Carol's face.

Carol saw the logic of my argument and despite the pee, Carol went right to work
.. tonguing her mother's now singed cunt.

Carol went right to the head .. or should I say clit of the matter?

Satisfied that Carol was a starter ..

I went around to Carol's cunt, mother cunt's face, and there added
encouragement, to the mother cunt's head, I let her see me sing a little tip of
daughter cunt's lip.

Well then mother cunt reluctantly went to work on her own daughter's cunt.

I soon put the curling iron down and began to video them both working .. on each
other's cunt. But like all amateurs when being photographed, they seemed wooden.
They really did not seem to be as inspired at it, as I wanted, so .. I, kind
hearted me, I explained again,

"Now I told you before, I want both of you cunt lickers .. bonding! BONDING!!
or, we can have some more cunt lip burning and if their is not more 'bonding',
then their will be more burning and finally, let me assure you .. their will be
the bonding I want in the end! Now get the hell on with it!"

Both now decided to try it .. MY WAY! 

(I really like it when I get my cunts to see it my way.)

Each went at the cunt before her, with an inspired, furious pace.

Soon the licking had the desired effect I knew it would .. Carol's body  was the
first to shuddered through a small cum.

'Mother cunt' stopped with the tonguing .. but I wasn't really satisfied.

"Don't stop! OK so you got to her .. Go on do her .. You know how now you lezzie
bitch .. do your little girls cunt!"

With a few touches of the curling iron in front of her nose. She could smell
daughter's burned flesh, and daughters shuttering, and so mother cunt restarted
the licking.

I sat on a hassock and guide and videoed both the cunt lappers through 10 or so
cums each. By then, those cunts were sweating furiously and their holes were
flowing soo well. But now both my experienced lappers were verry verry tired ..

It's soo rewarding to see when your training bears fruit.

After all .. They did love one another .. at the start and now they would be
forever bonded ..




                      Carol's Romance  # 05
                           by Paladin

Not that I really want to keep my bitches on any type of schedule, but I like to
keep my bitches in their old lives..

That is in addition to their duties to ME!

(OK so, I do it so I don't have to pay their bills for incidentals etc.. That's
too much like paying for pussy .. )

My new fuck pair, through their training, I had um sleep, sometimes, in the
classic head to cunt, position, but when they went at it with real gusto, I let
um rest, all curled up in the bottom of the doggie cage, on the small mattress,
with even a blankie. And every once in a while, nice guy that I am, I let um
sleep, after a really enthusiastic fuck, on their bellies under my bed.

(You knos .. Close by, so they could be fucked again, doggie style, whenever mr
stiffie felt the need.)

Perverted sod that he is, normally it takes at least a couple of good ass
fuckings cums to satisfy his perverted tastes, for the night. When he finally
quiets down and let me sleep, I let me current fuck toy sleep also.

But I kept it random, though their training, and after, so their was no definite
patterns.

Then to, to be fair, most days, I took turns fucking um the normal way, me on
top of a girlie sandwich. All ways right out there, in plain sight of one
another. So the one underneath had to support us all ..  She could plainly see,
observe and learn from the others reactions, and developing techniques, that I
liked. Group learning .. in this case family learning ..

(When you have cunts, especially mother / daughter cunts, you can't show um
favoritism! Fuck um .. equally, then they don't get jealous of each other.

I also try to involve them in the fuck, sometimes, by letting the unfucked one ,
the one on the bottom, while watching me plow the fucked one's cunt. (Up close
and personal .. real close.) I encourage participation by 'letting' the watcher
lick my balls as they shake and shimmy before her eyes. (Nothing fairer than
that ..  Now is there?

After all her 'experiences', I felt that my BITCH, Carol responded the best ..
So I felt that, as she was broken in the best, I felt I could have her go back
to work to earn her keep for us.

So the very next day, I woke her up early! First with  a quickie dry ass fuck.
(mr stiffie is good at that.)

Then I had mother cunt bath, and shave Carol (under arms, legs, and closest of
all .. cunt), due up her hair (just the way I like it), perfume her, apply her
make up and dress her for a normal work day, in a smart business suit, or course
no underwear! All the time I sat there watched and directed mother cunt in her
dress up of my bitch.

During the preparations I didn't allow Carol to do anything. She was strictly
forbidden to touch herself at all! It was all done for her! Mother cunt got to
doll up her baby's cunt and all, just like she had done it years before for
first day of school, or some big day out.

The only difference this time was, I was present and inspecting all the
preparations though.

(I doubt mother cunt allowed any other male watch her do up baby cunt before.
But after all I'm special.)

When I was satisfied and it was time, and we all went to the kitchen door, Carol
in her pristine looking finery, ME in my grubby normal half shaved mismatch, and
mother cunt naked and subdued.

It was time for a final test.

"Mother cunt," I demanded, "Pull up that skirt and show off your daughters cunt
to it's owner!"

Mother cunt's hands reluctantly went to the hem and held it up to Carols
blushing neck. (No matter how much you have had um they still think that that
layer of cloth is something and surrendering it embarrasses the shit out of um.)

As I inspected my BITCH, I squatted down and ordered mother cunt,

"Open up the lips for me. I think you missed a spot."

A trembling mother cunt quickly, knelt behind BITCH, and using both hands spread
her daughters labia open to show me, that  she had not 'missed a spot'.

BITCH Carol could do nothing but just stand, there mortified that her own mother
would exhibit her thus to ME, but she had no choice.

Shaking my head I stood up and petted mother cunt on the head,

"Good bitch .. you did a good job! Where are your manners Carol? Thank your
mother for her efforts in making you and MY CUNT up so nice."

A humiliated Carol could only stand there, cunt exposed, and thank her mother
for doing it.

"Thank yo.."

"AWW Would you look at that! You got mr stiffie all hard .. I don't want to mess
up your work so mother cunt while your on your knees crawl over here and relieve
mr stiffie of his load .. and don't make a mess .. swallow it all!"

Mother cunt did the deed in a particularly inept manner but we had no time to
correct her.

So I just tucked mr stiffie away, collared and cuffed the naked mother cunt and
dragged her along with my BITCH out into the garage and Carol's car.

Mother cunt knelt on the back seat floor with her leash looped around the gear
lever. My BITCH, Carol sat on the passenger's seat, with her skirt still up
around her waist so as not to wrinkle it before work.

Me, I drove us leisurely, to the store, where Carol worked.

(Just one big happy fucking family like group! That was us! Carol dressed, in
the front seat with me, and mother cunt naked and on the back seat floor.)

(OK so most of the time as I drove I felt the need to finger my BITCH's cunt ..
sort of to mark my territory.)

Mother cunt and I left Carol off, at work, all by herself. After all she had a
job to secure and then work to do.

As she had been out for a while, I stressed that she was go right in there and
do what it took to keep her job!

No price was too great! Blow jobs, fuckings etc..  allowed!

(Isn't is wonderful what a few well placed blow jobs in a commercial higher
archives can do!)

Mother cunt, I took, NUDE, and collared, downtown, to one of the local
neighborhood brothels I know of. 

To most of the occupants and passers by the building looks just like a normal
apartment building, and for the most part it was. But there on the locked top
floor, a veritable sexual bizarre went on, day and night.

Their was I knew, all ways an opening for a nice low mileage cunt, with a fresh
face.  Mother cunt and I entered into the building, around the back way, and
used the service elevator.

Mother cunt might have caused a scene if I'd have taken her in the front way.

(I had a the elevator key, to the restricted top floor.)

As it was mother cunt, experience some misgivings and anxiety, at being out and
about, in day light, naked but, with the collar and leash I easily dragged her
along with me.

Once the elevator stopped, I dragged her out and up to the registration desk,
and said,

"Hello Martha! Look what I brung ya .. a nice new cunt."

"She's a promising whore, but I want her to practice her lezzie shits here for a
couple of days! You got any .. "

"NO! NO! Help me! Please Help us. This man has .." mother cunt began to complain
as soon as she realized that this other women, who looked to be in charge, might
be her way out of this nightmare.

Old Martha smiled at  me knowingly, and rose up from behind the desk, and to
mother cunt's untrained eye, she  seemed to chase me out of the room.

In reality this was a signal between Martha and I, for me, to retreated out of
the room as she rounded the desk. Martha looked sternly at me as I left and
closed the door behind me.

She took mother cunt, Lucy, by the naked shoulders and held her captive nudity
to her matronly sweetly smelling bossism.

"There! There! Dear .. You are safe now." Martha offered to comfort the now
sobbing Lucy. "You are safe here now! You just tell old Martha what he did to
you. That mean old man is ... gone .. "

Lucy lay her head on Martha's left shoulder and began to relate to her all the
things that the mean old man, (me), had forced her and her daughter to do for
she knew not how long.

All throughout the babbling Martha comforted her and queued,

"There, there! Dear!" or "OH! My goodness!" or " NO!!"

When Lucy had wound down and just lay there on Martha's strong left shoulder,
sobbing, Martha said softly,

"Now don't you feel better."

Through her tearful eye Lucy sobbed,

"Y .. YES .. Ple .."

Martha had all the while been gently stroking Lucy's, naked back or occasionally
a plump hanging bit of tit flesh.

"Now then, to make it all better, what say, we go get us, a nice warm cup of tea
and then we will decide what to do .."

Lucy looked up and through her tear stained eyes .. Smiled!

She offered no resistance, as she let the older, motherly female,guide her into
a well appointed coffee room, well away from the bad old man ..  Here she
allowed herself to be sat down there on a plain wooden chair in the center of
the room. Her tears subsided somewhat as she sat there, waiting for Martha to
make her some nice warm tea.

"Um .. Could I ..um pleas have something to cover myself"  Lucy subconsciously
asked, suddenly aware of her nakedness in the presence of the older clothed
woman.

"Of course Dearie .. But first, here just drink this nice warm tea I made for
you. Then we'll go get you something to um wear .." Martha said as she held out
a cup to the naked woman lips, of steaming cup of tea (laced with a lot of
Valium).

With the tea carefully cupped in her firm hand Martha hand fed the naked woman.
The tea mug was forced higher and higher till it was all gone. When she had
drunk all the tea, as Martha did not let her stop swallowing, till the very last
drop was gone, Lucy smiled and again asked,

"Please I .. "

"Dearie you just relax and drink some more tea. It will make you feel better .. 
Then we will see about getting you something to wear." Martha offered as she
produced another mug of the steaming tea.

Tentatively Lucy took another sip, and since I hadn't given her anything but a
steady diet of cum her, stomach began to grumble.

"MY .. MY" Martha remarked. "That bad man didn't even feed you, now DID HE?
Dearie."

Lucy shook her head and suddenly became aware of her pinioned hands behind her
back. all the while the steady pressure kept the tea flowing down her gullet.

In reality I had gone out to the administrative section and stopped at the front
desk, to enrolled mother cunt, there as a working prostitute.

The paperwork, using her full name, address, and other pertinent data, was in
addition to the contract which specified that they were to have her 'work out'
her lesbian problems with their most demanding, preferably bitchy customers.

All the while we discussed her, mother cunt, sat quietly with Martha and sipped
tea heavily laced with Valium.

Martha, the head madam, had found this method soo much more effective that my
methods, which invariably would of left her with that look of disbelief and
horror all novices get when they start their first turn out day here in the
brothel.

"Dearie" Martha's oh so soothing voice began, "I'll bet that nasty man left his
.. you know .. um .. down there .. didn't he!"

Ashamedly, Lucy looked down toward her sticky hairy crotch and shook her head,

'yes!'

"Well! We can't have that, now can we? Let's go get you a nice warm bath! And
then after that we'll decide what to do!"

Lucy smiled at the though of a bath, and then looked up puzzled and replied,

"Well OK but could you get me some clothes .. um and oh .. find some keys to
these handcuffs?"

"Clothes? .. To take a bath!"

"Silly! After .. ok .. But not now. OK!"

"Now come along, You can use my very own deep tub and I'll even have my own
little 'nymphs' bath you while I look for some keys .. Ok? You'll feel soo much
better."

Lucy saw the logic in this.

Everything  would be OK.. and so she went along with her new friend.

Everything, had all ways felt soo much better after a nice warm bath ..

Martha helped an unresisting Lucy to her feet and led her to a large sumptuous
bathing facility.

There Martha helped Lucy to step down into the deep pool like tub and turned on
the warm water. Martha pored a couple of scoops of sweet smelling bubble bath
and some salts inside the filling tub. Then she helped Lucy sit down on the
shelf in the tub, saying,

"Now where cane those nymphs be .. those little bagges .. I'll find them and
send them right in to help you .. Now you just sit there and soak .. I'll .. "

Martha said as she left.

Naked and cuffed Lucy could never get out of the deep tub without help .. so she
just lay back there and let the warm soothing water and sweet smelling bubbles
wash over and relax her. Her new friend would .. hel ...........

She must have drifted off, for when Lucy awoke, it was to the feel of a small
soft hand, toying with her left nipple.

Opening her eyes lazily, Lucy was amazed at the sight of a naked young
prepubescent girl kneeling over the tub's rim, toying with her now stiff left
nipple.

The girl looked Lucy in the eyes and smiled .. as she went right on teasing the
defenseless nipple unashamedly.

To the child's innocence, playing with a nipple was nothing .. but it effected
Lucy ..

 Lucy thought, but she was just soo relaxed and the teasing of
her nipple felt .. so good  .. that she could only sit there and watch the naked
girl at work.

Suddenly she felt another pair of hands forcing her forward and rubbing her back
and neck with a large sponge.

Lucy half turned to her right and saw another naked girl was leaning over the
other side of the tub, washing her back.

This girl too smiled knowingly, and when she finished washing Lucy's back, she
began to toy with Lucy's other nipple.

As she gazed at the second girl a water glass of a warm brown liquid was forced
between her lips and the first girl ordered her,

"Drink it all up! Martha says you've had a hard time of it, and she says, this
will settle your poor tummy."

Obediently Lucy drank three gulps before she realized that it was raw whisky,
and rather potent whisky at that, the naked nymph was force feeding her.

When Lucy tried to stop drinking, the girl simply reached out with her other
hand and held her nose, making Lucy swallow the last two gulps before she
removed the glass from her lips.

The amber liquid hit Lucy's stomach like a hard right hand.

Lucy's mind reeled. all she could do was sit there being fondled and / or washed
by the girl / nymphs.

Groggily she felt the little hands, force her to lay back and then one hand shot
down and grope her now spread open defenseless hairy crotch.

The fingers explored and finally fond and began to masturbate Lucy's little red
hooded treasure.

After a while the two nymphs hauled Lucy up and half way out of the tub. They
deposited her belly down, ass up, over the tub's rim.

Lucy became cold out of the warm soapy water, but she could not object. After
all the nymphs were probably going to take her out ...

Suddenly Lucy felt a stabbing something go into her, oh so sore bottom hole, but
the something, was a lubricated something and much smaller than her owners dick,
so she didn't even think of trying to complaining.

And when the something began to slide .. in and out .. so many times, that her
body, accustomed to a her larger owners dick doing this, began to respond to the
gentler but still insistent sawing. of this something.

Then just when she was getting to like, and responds to, the thing, it was
withdrawn. Lucy's bowels began to responds when another  something, began to
slip in.

It was sma .. NO.. It got larg ..  and larg .. and then painfully larger ..

The now painfully larger invader seemed to keep on get larger and larger as it
gained depth inside her  .. and then suddenly it's girth, seemed to collapse.
Her ass grommet, thankful for the reduction followed the invader down in size.

It became almost comfortable but still a tight fitting plug, now wedged into her
ass grommet with a considerable body of the something filling inside her vitals.

She could only lay there, getting colder and filled by the something.

She tried to get up the gumption to try to remote the something in her ass hole,
but suddenly a warm, soothing fluid began to flow down forcefully into her
bowels from the thing stuck in her ass.

As Lucy looked around, trying to feel for how to get this thing out of her ass,
she saw one of the nymph tying off a rope. It was supporting an large plastic
bag high above the floor. This must have been the source of the fluid now
drilling it's way deep into her colon.

(An enema of cheep wine along with the whiskey and the sedative guaranteed a
very compliant Lucy for her first few days as novice cunt licker / lesbian
slut.)

Martha's methods were oh so soft and fuzzy, but I didn't like all the bull shit.
I wanted to find um and fuck um up and not fool around with the um mr nice ..
nice ..

Lucy's hands were deterred when ever they managed to get near the thing wedged
in her ass by the nymphs. Then when the plastic bag was empty, one of the nymphs
shutoff the hose.

A locking mechanism, in the inner plug stoppered the fluid inside Lucy. Another
keyed locking mechanism, engaged a row of teeth to guarantee the thing was
wedged in Lucy's ass to stay. Or at least till the lock was opened.

Lucy's belly was distended like she was 8 months pregnant, like when she had
carried my BITCH Carol.

The internal pressure was horrible, so all Lucy wanted was to squat and relieve
the load.

This was not efficient. The wine had to stay with her for a while to give the
maximum effect.

So the nymphs easily turned the unresisting woman over and slid her back into
the deep tub.

The cramps and the warm water, took all Lucy's will power!

Poor mother cunt, first me, then the nymphs and now something residing deep
inside her belly! She just couldn't resist any more .. she just wanted to ...

The little nymphs, now, got into the tub, with her, lifted her so that her head
was kept above the water. They maneuvered her onto the stool like shelf, sat her
down with her head now back over the tubs edge. Satisfied with her position, the
nymphs began to each suck on one of Lucy's titties and massage the bloated
belly.

Each nymph positioned herself, sitting spread legged on one of Lucy's spread
wide knees and while orally stimulating Lucy's breasts, with one hand they
fingered the helpless woman's cunt, while shamelessly using the Lucy's legs like
fuck friction toys .. to masturbate themselves.

Lucy was soo relaxed! She had no willpower! The girlie actions that has seemed
soo innocent before, took on a perverted .. even stimulating feeling! DESPITE!
If only she could relieve her bloated bowels.

One of the nymphs produced a spray can of creamy white stuff and while riding
her leg, spread the perfumed foam over Lucy's wet head and hair. Then she
reached down to the outside shelf, retrieved a razor, and began to scrape the
white stuff off Lucy's head.

When she was done the two nymphs decided the eye brows just had to go, so more
foam and off they went too.

Lucy did not know or care about any of this .. She just wanted to ...

Again the nymphs raised the helpless woman up, and out of the tub. Supporting
Lucy the nymphs directed her staggering over to a very low kiddy high bench, and
lay her on her back.

Each nymph lifted up and secured one of Lucys ankles to the bench up by her
ears. This seemed to ease the strain on her belly, but Lucy's back commenced to
aching.

When the nymphs were done, they secured Lucy to the bench. 

She was positioned so that she could only stair the ceiling framed by her knees
and hope for relief.

Now one of the nymphs commenced to kissing Lucy and fondling her both her
breasts. Even in her bent in half position she could not help becoming aroused
from the manipulations.

While this was happening, Lucy felt the other nymph rubbing some of the foamy
stuff, into and around her pubic area. When it was all covered, she again used
the razor to scrap off all that pesky hair.

How long it went on Lucy did not know. The nymphs now went to work with warm
damp towels cleaning up the remains of the foamy stuff, and gave Lucy's head,
crotch and then tits a warm coat of sweet smelling .. warm oil.

Lucy's mind seemed to overload and she swooned. Finally, from her stupor she
awoke, and found herself, being helped upright.

Then with the nymphs, supporting her she waddled to a position before a floor to
ceiling mirror. They stopped and held her there.

Lucy's eyes began to rise from the three sets of feet, two small and one larger,
to the three denuded female sexes, two small and .. ONE LARGE WOMANLY ONE .. to
two flat chests and the one pair of mature breasts, and finally she perceived
...

The figure in the middle resembled one of those silly nudie pink rubber looking
obviously female, fuck toys ..

LIKE THE ONES IN THE DIRTY MAGAZINES! ONLY ...

THIS ONE HAD HER FACE!!!

BUT THIS DOLL WAS DENUDED ..

IT HAD NO A HAIR ON IT!!!

ANYPLACE!!!

------

After registering her, I was confident, mother cunt was in good hands. Old
Martha runs a tight ship, so I left the brothel.

I was hungry, so I went to a nice family, place I frequent, for a hearty
breakfast and coffee. I'd had a busy morning and I needed my strength as the day
was still young.

After a leisurely consumed breakfast, with a couple of cups of coffee, I found a
local bar, across the street from Carol's store. There I sat, on my ass, drank,
and watch the tube, till I got bored. I also paid particular attention to the
comings of any official or police vehicles coming or going in the area.

But Carol had been a good girl! No official looking vehicles came.

About 2pm I decided, 'hell I've had it with this place, take a break'.'

 So I gave up my warm bar stool, finished my drink and went over to the store. I
walked right in like any normal customer. From another section of the store I
observed my BITCH, Carol hard at work at her low glass counter.

God that bitch was still FUCKABLE .. even after I had had her every way their
was .. mr stiffie signaled his approval too..

She seemed a little nervous and distracted, but in general, that was
understandable. I must say again, she looked .. oh .. soo fuckable .. just
standing there in her see through blouse without anything covering her of so
cute little titties.

Her swaying out there titties, seemed to draw a whole lot of male customers! I
noticed, it attracted a host of  horny male customers who with the bitches coy
behavior made a lot of larger purchases, usually from the far end of, or under 
the counter. When Carol reached for or bent down to retrieve the item desired,
her pendulous mammarys swung down, I mean what horny male can resist a bottle of
his favorite cunts stink, pitched by a topless fine looking, fine smelling piece
like my bitch, Carol.

Especially when Carol turned on the sex, as I had instructed her this morning.
She was to allow .. NO! .. to encourage a grope from a high paying customer ..
and she was doing it .. as I had ordered .. 

Her very presence here in the store meant:

	1. She had 'played' up to the boss to keep her job. (Remarkable what a
good ball draining blow job can have on a stupid horny supervisor.)

	2. She had not reported her 'training sessions', or their would be
police all over the place, and she would have been hidden away somewhere.

So I now knew I truly OWNED the BITCH!

Casually I walked over to the perfume counter, and caught her eye. I had her
complete undivided attention. All the other customers were dismissed .. her
owner had arrived!

(Now that's more like it!)

This time she responded with a shutter, but the proper respect for ME! She
quickly pasted that nice big shit eating grin, on her puss just like I had
demanded of her through her training.

Promptly she bent low over her counter and offered me the view down her blouse
to my very own possessions.

Her nice exposed titties hung free against the thin transparent fabric, and
jiggled soo .. well you know!

This time the bitch, was oh so cooperative! Wonderful what a little of my
training  methods can accomplish.

I walker around the glass case, to the other side of her counter, and stood by
the counter's wooden opening. I motioned, and my sweet BITCH, Carol got over
there. Pronto! When she arrived, I motioned 'down'. Immediately she was on her
knees!

Then without a word, I watched her reach through the opening in the counter, and
unzip my fly. Still I just stood there, smiling at the other customers, and let
my new bitch, kneeling down under the case and give me, her best blow job ..
right there .. in the store, in front of everyone who wanted to look.

Carol was now so enthaustatic, polite, and just plain quick. You wouldn't
believe the change from the snooty bitch that I had to start with a short time
ago.

Standing there in the after glow, of Carol's suckie .. made the whole act was
soo satisfying! Carol had managed to get me off in no time. And their was no
gagging. And this time, afterward she didn't hesitate., she swallowed all I had
given her! (What a good cock sucker!) Then to show how much she loved my dick,
she licked up and down my prick and even my balls, getting me cleaner than after
my morning shower which this morning I hadn't taken purposely.

(Talented tongue .. my Carol had now. Training .. that's what it takes, to make
a bitch into a prococksucker!)

(Boy what a change I had made in old Carol. Why I'll even bet she would of
'loved' to had another shot at Mike .. to make up for her short comings the
other day. Who knows .. maybe some day we'd take a trip to Mikes place of
business! Or better yet .. have him come here!)

As she knelt there looking up for my praise I just couldn't resist patting her
on the head.

"Good bitch!" I complimented her as I turned and walked out of the store leaving
her to the rest of her 'work day'.

----

As Carol was working and all, I figured that it was time to go visit mother cunt
and see how she was progressing.

After driving about a bit, to assure myself that I wasn't followed. I parked
down the street from the large apartment building that housed the brothel
currently employing mother cunt.

"How's my old gal doing Nellie?" I asked the young slip of a thing on duty at
the reception desk when I walked in.

"Well she had a lot to say when you left. But you know old Martha .. and her
motherly ways .. "

"Why she even tried to tell us, she was here against her will! But as you had
told us, on her papers, she liked to play at being forced, we had Toni and Janet
'prepare her'. They even had to hold her down for her wine enema, and then I
paddled that fat ass of hers till she 'agreed' to work and perform up to her
'contract'."

"We just told her that she had work to do here! Why we even had to show her the
contract you signed. Then we told her to take up all the contractual matters,
with you when you came in."

"That and the promise of the paddle on her titties convinced her.."

"Yea you did the right thing. Sorry she caused you so much trouble. but you know
these old perverts and their games" I agreed with Nellie. "So how's business?"

"Business is good .. So good, in fact, we even got the old bittie servicing
right now. You wanna see her you have to wait. She's doing a foursome at the
moment, an old lady's bride club the suburbs." Nellie informed me. "Real moneyed
group and as you said .. perverted! The bitches really put an ordinary pros
through her paces .."

"OH! Yea she really freaked when she saw then! She pleaded she knew then! So if
she promised to do um good, we agreed to let her used a the soft form fitting
rubber face mask. She didn't like it but her objections seemed to subside ..
with the mask, and that along with a few paddle strokes to the under side of her
tits!"

"Yea I guess I have to straighten this thing out with her after her session.
Say, um while I wait, can I kinda look in on the ladies club servicing, you
know, to see if anything else, in her servicing needs correcting."

Nellie frowned a bit, and hesitated but answered,

"The women she is servicing are 'old money' bitches. I emphasize 'the bitches'.
They pay, and pay well for privacy, with their flavor of the month bitch. Your
bitch, if she passes their approval, could get bookings for a month. But well ..
seeing um .. Oh hell .. seeing as how it's you, and she is your property .. and
you are going to correct her .. OK!"

We walked down a narrow hall behind the entertaining rooms into their small
cramped control booth. Nellie reached over the controls, and selected one of the
many channels, and flicked the switch.

Presently one of the monitors red lights lit up, and after a warm up period a
large entertainment room came into focus from a multitude hidden cameras.

There in the padded room was the naked now shaved, collared bitch slave of mine
kneeling on the floor ass up high, face buried in an older woman's withered
white hared crotch.

My cunt, Lucy had been shaved head and cunt (Nobody likes a hairy whore ..
especially an old hairy whore!) and then a stretch rubber mask applied over her
face with openings for her eyes, mouth scalp and nose but her cheeks and other
parts were obscured by the thin red rubber type material stretched around and
secured to behind her head.

The oldest gal there seemed to have sprouted a large pink cock like projection
from her white hared pubis, and she was seeking to drill it into Lucy's
stretching open cunt from behind. That old gal knew what she liked! She was
taking her time! Long slow strokes drilling deep into at Lucy's cunt hole.

Slow strokes like that are no good to me, but as the old gal was paying, and
Lucy was the recipient, so who cares!

After all the customer is all ways right! RIGHT?




                      Carol's Romance  # 06
                        by Paladin

It was amazing, that old gals had staying power. Why she continued to saw into
my gal, Lucy's pussy for .. well a long, long time .. ( I wonder what she'd
could do with .. )

"Nellie that old gal with the strap-on is really got stamina! For an old biddy
her age!" I remarked over my shoulder to the young dominatrix showing me the
monitor.

"Naa. It's the age that does it to um. We get some old biddies like her in here,
and they saw and saw at the whore's hole for hours. They just can't seem to get
off. We've found some of um passed out over the whores back, and when we revive
um they want their money back as they didn't get off."

"That's why all the dildos, on the rack, in that room are all teflon." Nellie
replied, "and even then, we require the old gals in there, coat um every half
hour, with lots of lube jelly. They are also required to lube up the dummy,
before, during, and after they start fucking any of our bitches."

"Better living through chemistry!" I remarked as the old lady doing the sawing,
suddenly seemed to convulse, and then, she seemed to slow down the sawing, and
then STOPED! Next she bent over Lucy's upraised ass and rested for a while.

Finally, wearily she tried to withdraw the long pink strap-on appendage from
Lucy's now gaping, well used hole.

It was a struggle .. and she managed to get the thing, half of the way out, then
she  falter, and had to rest on that old ass of Lucy.

The old gal seemed to be faltering, more and more, as she this time backed out,
using her knees, to duck walk back and out.

This time and technique proved successful ... She had made it! She managed to
with drawn all of the dildo form Lucy, oh so open ass.

(I was glad Martha was recording all this. It gave me ideas for some ....)

Next, when the dummy popped out, of it's former hole, Lucy, with all its weight
out to the end, and no supporting strings or muscles, it fell straight down,
taking the old gal, forward and right back to Lucy's ass. Only this time because
of the weight, the dummy wound up hanging down between Lucy's spread legs, and
it was holding the old biddy there against Lucy's crotch.

Again the crone had to rest, laying pinned over Lucy's sweating back.

Finally, after a short respite, she managed to begin again the long slow crawl
back away from the sight of her big 'O'.

Seeing she had withdrawn by herself, the other two of her club members that were
just watching, pitched in to help the old gal stand upright.

She was swe.. (no older gals .. dignified ones don't sweat .. they perspire!)
perspiring and ever soo tired, that the two also had to help the biddy get out
of the harness.

The other old crone was still laying there, on her back with Lucy's face
plastered in her ass.  (Go Lucy!!)

(Yes sir that 'O' had taken some of the starch out of grandma ..)

The old gal whom Lucy was laving shuttered then, and she too had to be helped,
to drag herself, on her back, out from her position laying under Lucy's head.

I surmised that she too had gotten her big 'O' for the season.

She too had to be helped up, and after some discussions, the foursome seemed to
cluster at a spot up against the far wall. After a discussion the four gals
congregated at a spot by the wall, separated, and it was back to the busi.. no
it was back to my whore Lucy's servicing ...

Now like good bridge partners, the remaining two older women took up the
positions, recently vacated by their opponents. One sprouting the pink strap on
..  while the other .. well you guessed it, lay down on her back, and scooted up
under Lucy's head. They had liberally applied the lubricant to the dummy as the
house rules stated.

The sight of all this flabby wrinkled female flesh was disgusting ..

WHY IS MR STIFFIE GETS SO WORKED AT THIS??

Aw forget it..

It was then when I tore my gaze from mr stiffies' perverted desires, that I
noticed the stop watch mounted on the wall and asked,

"What's that stop watch doing over there by the door? to designate lube time
Nellie?"

It was where the four had previously gathered, around. As the first pair got
upon their legs under them, and stretched. It was there that the mysterious
discussion was held. Hay! I didn't hear, as the audio was not turned on in the
control room and that old perverted mr stiffie wanted to know.

"Well yea. That too, but primarily, we also use it to keep time for the billing
of the sessions with our whores. Though this group uses it to keep score, also."

"Score??" I wondered.

"Yea .. You see, they have a standard pool. Fastest one to cum gets a prize ..
usually a quarter of the pot, and the slowest one to cum gets the majority of
the pot. Sort of a consolation prize. They usually set up the pool before they
get here .. You know .. We don't allow gambling on the premises! It's against
the law .. you know!" Nellie informed me. "But as this group, are old money and 
.. they set it up outside, we don't know about it  .. But no money change hands
in there!"



Their seemed to be a slight disturbance while I was day dreaming.

Lucy was standing up covering her denuded crotch and shaking her head ..
objecting to something ...

Lucy didn't like something .. The old crone who seemed to be the leader, cracked
open the door .. shortly Martha appeared, heard Lucy's impassioned plea ..
showed her the contract, relubricated the now idle dildo, positioned Lucy as
before .. and .. The next pair of elder ladies were soon going at it, at both
ends of Lucy, like their opponents did before. Just a slight disagreement ..
Contractual clauses you know ..

The crone with the dildo went at Lucy's ass, with a vengeance, and the other
under her head .. Well what can I say? It's a gal thing ... I watched for a
while, but it got kind of boring .. for me, so when Nellie got called away, for
a minute, I did a bit of channel surfing on Martha's private video system.

Nothing really satisfying came to my attention till .. I saw what must have been
the barn yard channel. (It has to be really perverted to get mr stiffie's
attention, but the sight of the young girl going down on a pig .. well I must
say .. Naa if I watched all this or even got a copy ..  I'd never be able to
look another ham and egg breakfast in the plate  without mr stiffie reminding
me.)

So using my all will power, I switched back to the all girl bridge club show,
featuring servicing by my mother cunt, Lucy. It was apparent that her friends ..
um .. were a bit demanding .. to say the least ..

So I decided, right then, I need to meet this group of perverts. Maybe I could
'help' then with their problems .. (That's me. Mr Helpful!)

Quickly so as to not be stopped, I ambled, so as to not draw attention to
myself, around the hall, and right up to the door, to introduce myself .. and ..
well .. offer these old girls .. um .. my card?? 

We all know .. I mean .. it pays to advertise! And who knows what they and I
might find useful ... together ..

At the door, I stood, listened, (Then as I was going to meet this group, I
picked the lock.). There I stood, waiting, till I knew all the customers were
done and gathered around the clock. Then like a gentleman, I knocked and waited
for the reply,

When no response came, I knocked again .. louder this time .. and, rattled the
door knob,

(Probably too adsorbed in their activities ..)

Finally I heard ..

"Who is it?" from one of the crones, answered my polite knock, in a very cross
voice. "What do yo..."

"The whores owner!" I answered loud and clear. That'll shake em up.

"What do you want?" another crone demanded forcefully.

"Well their are other customers .. and if you are .. um .. finished .. " I
replied as I rattled the door knob again, only this time, trying to make it
appear that the door just opened by itself,  I flung the door wide opened
suddenly. I was confronted by an indignant looking old woman, standing close by
the now open door, sourly sneering at me.

She was half dressed and the others were Standing behind her, in various states
of undress.

"We rented her for .." she began, quickly trying to cover herself from my nasty
male eyes.

As I sauntered in my presence causing her back away in retreat,

"I know .. I know .. but their has been a back up .. we need her right away ..
And you are through .. aren't you?" I mumbled as I strolled over to a kneeling
very tired looking Lucy.

"Well all right .. I guess .. " the crone stated in that bitchy tone, an old 
moneyed old bitch takes with an underling from the far side of the room.

Finally noticing the open door, she had rushed to and slammed the door to
minimize her exposure to the other brothel patrons.

(All right bitch .. You asked for it! And I could see I hat them!)

As I helped my sweating whore, Lucy, to stand up. she seemed soo happy to see me
..  But then, as she stood there bowl legged from her recent use, before she
could stop me, I skinned off her red rubber like head covering, exposing her
identity to the cheery little group.

Lucy gasped and tried to cover her face, and turn away from the club members ..
but it was too late! The cowering, half naked, bridge club had seen and some
recognized her! Though in her denuded state it was hard! It was Lucy!

"Lucy!" the seemingly head crone gasped .. "We didn't know .. I mean .. You
should have said something! Why we .. "

"It's kinda hard, say anything, when one of you is sawing in and out of her cunt
.. with that .. thing! Or when one of ya has her face burred in their fannies."
I related.

Their were gasps all around ..

Lucy wanted to run and hide, but I kept her standing there in a vice like grip
on her left arm. (I needed her here beside me to make this work.)

"Lucy, as you seem to know all of these nice ladies .. How about you do the
introductions. That way, we can all enlarge our circle of friends." I demanded
of mother cunt as I gripped her arm tighter.

"Um  .. well this is .." Lucy, while trying to slip away from my grasp, and
cover her 'naughty bits' with her hands, began like her tongue had not untangle
itself from her last cunt swabbing.

"Young man! I .. um .. we do not wish to know you, or anything, about you or
further about her!" the old woman demanded, sticking her nose up with the air of
outraged dignity that one of her moneyed class assumes when she is caught in an
embarrassing position.

She stood there, straight and tall as they say in the army, flanked by the other
three, most of whom were now holding up various bits of conservative under
garments over their shriveled naked titties and white haired crotches.

"Suit yourself .. but you must be aware that Lucy here knows you all .. As her
owner and manager, I will be contacting each of you in turn to pay for any
damages inflicted upon my employee's person." I informed the now horrified
group. "I mean really we could settle this soo.."

Gasps were universal. The group seemed to tighten their holds on their pitiful
coverings as if to protect themselves from the big bad ...

"See here my good man! We will not stand here and be talked too like this. Come
girls get dressed! We will leave here and never again patronize this
establishment!" the old leader stated. She lost a lot of dignity, trying to put
on her panties on the way to the door ...

Needing more ammunition, I flung the naked denuded Lucy, into the middle of the
group and whipped out my handy dandy little digital video camera.

While they were all, tangles of partially and completely naked female flesh,
etc.. I began the digital video recording of a naked Lucy being handled by the
scantily attired ladies bridge group.

(With one of these little things the digital video is all dated, timed stamped,
and almost broadcast quality when it comes out of the camera.)

Amused I went about recording the melee, till the girls all had managed to
extracted themselves from the denuded mother cunts vicinity. While they were
standing away from her, now frantically trying to pull on a panty here, a tit
cover there, I pointed out,

"I now have a video, broadcast quality, all time and date stamped of each of
you. Proof of your involvement in a notorious whore house, handling one of it's
naked employee's person. How would you like that to appear on the 6 o'clock news
tonight?" I inquired.

Gasps went up all around .. Even Lucy, now again trying to cover her 'naughty
bits' with her hands. All were horrified at the prospect of appearing, even with
blurred 'naughty bits', on the 6 o'clock news in this context or any other
context.

"Now .. Now .. Ladies! Lets be friendly. We can all make up .. or we can all
make enemies .. As this is a stressful moment for all of you ..  What say we
continue this discussion, .. say .. over coffee .. say .. at Lucy's place ..
tomorrow .. say 10'ish?" I smiled knowing that the ladies had no other real
choice in the matter.

The lead old crone's face was red with rage, but now partially dressed, she too
did not want it published that she .. a fine upstanding member of the community
.. frequented this den of iniquity .. when she was suppose to be playing bridge.
And too she did not want to hang about here, arguing the matter further, now.

Seeing no alternative, but defeat, if she stayed, an pushed it, she relented,
and spat out,

"Tomorrow .. 10ish .. at Lucy's. "

Then she tried to act dignified as she pulled on the last of her underwear and
clothes.

Amused at their exit, I stood there video taping the whole group till she left
the room followed by an equally outraged bunch of older disheveled looking
women.

Martha appeared at the door after the biddys left, with a very sower expression,

"OK .. so they were trouble .. but they were MY CUTOMERS! Damn you! Now ..."

Smiling at her, I uttered those immortal words,

"Trust Me! I have it all under control. I'll make it up to you .."

-------

Smiling at the thought of the possibilities, I left a thoroughly demoralized
Lucy with Martha, as a down payment, for the trouble and if my plan didn't work
out .. their were many more where Lucy came from to satisfy Martha's feelings
and true needs.

From Martha's files and with Lucy's help I obtained the names and addresses of
the club's membership.

Carol came right over to the car, after work, and didn't even have to be told ..
She jumped inside, stripped naked, bent over and was orally servicing me before
we were out of the parking lot.

We went to a copy place where, I had Carol masturbate herself, in the car, to
keep her motor running, while I ran off some copies of the stills I liked of the
'bridge club group' et all ..

Using the company's computer, I stored the video at on a web storage place with
a triggering program to post it if I did not counterman the program.

Next it was off to gather supplies for the next day's big meeting! Again Carol
kept her pussy warm, for me, in the parking lot.

Then we went to Lucy's house, where I spent half the night trying to satisfy mr
stiffie in that ever soo sweet ass hole of my BITCH .. Carol.

After I had sated mr stiffie and was done with Carol, I chained her under the
bed for safe keeping.

OK so the floor was cold but it was good training for her.

Now, even though I was tired I had to set up things for tomorrows meeting.

--------

Bright and early the next morning I dropped Carol off at her work place .. This
was getting to be dullsville .. I mean, I was getting into a rut and worse Carol
although now a talented and well trained whore, was getting to familiar with my
lurid demands. Too comfortable .. So I knew mr stiffie would soon demand
something else .. Something strange! Like all males he needed STRANGE!

In the morning, before we left, I had gone about checking the set up of things,
for the meeting. All seemed in readiness!

Now with Carol safely at work, I waited down the block from Lucy till all the
girls of the bridge club, and then I waited another 15 minutes. The lead old
crone, trying to play it cool had showed up late, so I just showed up .. later.

Fashionably later than their leader, I drove up, parked behind their cars,
pinning them in and walked right by  the waiting four some.

Without a word, I opened Lucy's front door, left it wide open, and walked right
into Lucy's parlor. There, I had picked out the most comfortable looking chair
and put it in the center of the room. All the other furnature was shoved back
into other rooms. I proceeded directly to MY chair, plopped my fat ass in it,
and waited.

Presently the old women wearily ventured inside the house. They searched and
presently found me, seated on apparently the only chair, in the living room.

Unsure of themselves, the bridge club was left to stand around the room  glaring
at me, but not saying a thing. 

"Well what say we get all comfy? Girls! Just like at the last 'bridge game'? ..
You first I ordered the head crone!"

The old expression 'If looks could kill.' comes to mind, but then who wants to
live forever.

The crone glared at me and stood her ground.

"Young man, who do you think you are? I am .." she began.

"Grandma, I don't give two shits, who you think you are. Right now you're ass is
mine and your name is SHIT!!" I spat at her. "Now you get down to your bridge
playing get up .. like yesterdays game's attire, or  .. in a while .. a program,
at my remote sight will post copies of you and all the girls here .. to every
newspaper in the state, and even a few foreign ones. You'll be the laughing
stock of the county and abroad in the twinkling of an eye."

"I can wait as long as you can. But then I have nothing to lose .. Well Grandma!
What's your pleasure?"

Looking about the room, the old ladies were stunned! They looked to their leader
and she was ..

Grandma began,

"You can't be serious!"

I just sat there, smiling,. Reaching into my pocket I retrieved my cigar case,
and light up one of my cheep, smelly cigars .. the kind I like.
(I've found out through much research, that women, especially old women,
positively detest um.)

Here and now, these women .. well let's see their reactions.

"Young man! We are all decent women .. We all have upstanding positi.."

Grandma was running out of bluster. I just sat, there puffing away,  trying to
make as much smoke as possible, so that they would do something .. anything soon
just to get out of here.

Grandma's tirade, ran down and one of the other crones spoke up,

"I take it you want us all to get .. naked?"

Grandma near croaked and their were gasps all around the standing gathering. I
was amused .. The others were not.

"Was that how the last game was played .. yesterday wasn't it? Oh why yes it was 
.. Wasn't it? And it is the only way, that I, a poor outsider, can be sure you
gals understand what is what." I factiously answered.

(It would also assure me, that they had no hidden tape recorders, or weapons.
some of these old broads might be desperate .. )

"You know damn well .." Grandma spat out.

"Temper! temper! Grandma, remember your blood pressure!" I jabbed at the
overwrote old woman who had turned red.

"Stop that! I am not your grandmother! Just tell us what you want and we can
discuss it, like civilized human beings." grandma tried to reason with the beast
.. ME.

"NAA! I'm not one of those. Like I said before, first want you gals to duplicate
your attire, of yesterday, when you played the last game .. "

"NO!! OK I'm leaving and I'll see you all in the papers." I related as I snuffed
out my cigar and rose from my comfortable chair.

"See here .. young man .. we will .." grandma began, but I said nothing ..  I
just started for the door.

"Wait! Wait! .." grandma number 2 pleaded, grabbing my arm.

I brushed her off me, smiled and began,

"I'm done talking till .." I motioned for her to shed her fine purple silk
brocade blouse.

Hanging her head in defeat grandma2 started to unbuttoned her blouse and pulled
if from the skirt. She carefully took it off but held it before her monstrous
white bra, like a protective suit of armor.

"Well that's more like it, but now, don't be shy girls .. come on .. come on ..
let's every body get into the spirit of the thing .. Go ahead Grandma .. Show um
the way!" I demanded of the crone leader. Then I added the clincher,

"It's all or nothing! So get on with it or I'll go!"

With an air of resignation, and after a lot of looking about, each of the
'ladies' began to reluctantly shed their precious coverings. Till finally they
were all standing around .. nude, but cling to their precious scraps of clothing
in front of their oh so white breasts.

"Well you can't play cards like that?" I demanded indicating that they did not
have a free hand. "Each of you go to the hall closet. Deposit those rags inside
there, and oh yea, and put all your purses on the hall table. Then come on back
in here ... for the our little talk .. "

I sat back down, lighted another smelly cigar, and waited.

Their was a long silence and then with a shrug grandma, the obvious leader of
this group, walked out into the hall carrying her removed clothes.

Shortly, she hesitantly reappeared, at the door way, with her right arm across
her breasts covering her tired old nipples, and her left hand stuck down below,
covering her tangle of white pubic hair. She was in that age old, bent over,
posture all females seek, when trying to hide their form their master.

"Grandma now, don't you be so shy .. we're all friends here! Stand up straight
there. Show the others how it's done!" I ordered.

Glaring at me, she straightened up slightly, and dropped her hands to her sides.
Try as she might she had to find something to do with her hands. As it was she
was constantly moving them about .. covering .. and uncovering various things ..

"Now come on ladies! Remember my program will send out the pictures .. soon .. "
I informed the other three reluctant women.

Finally they all had made the trip out to the hall closet, and came back into
the living room .. nude!

I gave them the once over, and since the placement of hands was such a problem
for all, I ordered,

"Now don't be so shy here .. Would you all more at home back at the brothel? I
know .. Let's try this one!"

"Clasp your right hand in your left hand .. in front of you .. Good .. Good ..
Now place both of them right up behind your necks .."

"WELL! COME ON .. COME ON .."

Reluctantly they finally did as I had ordered, and now I had four wrinkled old
females spread out naked before me! But they sought to clench their legs soo
tight I was afraid they'd cut off their circulation so I began again,

"Now let's get it all out in the open .. Let's spread out .. OK? Spread your
feet out .. oh .. about shoulder width apart! NOW!!"

Again their was slow compliance .. but they did it.

"Now stay that way! I'll be right back."  I demanded, as I rose up and left the
room. "Now don't go 'way!"

I went out into the hall, found all the purses.  Extracted the wallets, and
after throwing the purse inside, locked the closet door, with all their things
inside with a stout padlock and hasp I installed last night.. I emptied the
contents of the wallets onto the table,  pocketed the cash, (These bitches were
rolling in it.) and extracted each one's drivers license from the pile. The rest
of the crap I gave a quick once over and placed it in the table drawer.

From another closet, I rounded up my digital video camera, tripod and cords, and
reentered the living room.

Upon returning I was disappointed!

I found my girls had broken ranks and were all now crouching over like it was
the first time we'd met, and they were afraid I was going to steal something
from their persons! 

(See! You can't trust bitches, by themselves.)

Each had resumed the hunched over pose, trying to cover her 'naughty bits', and
looking around for something .. she knew not what.

I swung the bunch of cables to a squishy impact with the nearest wrinkled old
ass, Gran's.

Splattt ..

"Ohhhh Ohhh!" gran cried, and quickly sought to shield her hurting ass, from my
cable, with both hands.

She turned her nude front side to face me shielding her hurting ass behind her.
Forgotten for that moment, was all that modesty crap ..
A pained ass easily overcomes modesty ... for a moment ..

Recognizing her mistake, she quickly turned around to face the wall with her
hand covered ass facing me.

Now all the gals were glaring at me in hate, and fear attempting to keep away
from the cords sting!

"I see, now, I can't leave you alone for one minute without your straying form
the straight and narrow."

"NOW GET BACK TO WHERE I PUT YOU BEFORE .. NOW.."

I ordered.

Reluctantly they all obeyed me .. Even old stripped ass was finally standing
straight and tall with it all hanging out. Hands behind her neck.

Grandma started to object when she saw me setting up the video camera,

"Yo .. um .. "

Splat!

"AAA!"

But an under handed swing, to the underside of her left tit insured her quiet
cooperation.

"All right now," I began after I had the camera up and running, 

(I to motioned to grandma to resume her position.)

"I have never seen so much wrinkled flabby skin!"

"We are going to do something about that! Let's try some .. oh .. um .. jumping
jacks to see if you can obey me on command. If not then .. well ..  we'll see
you all in the news papers and tabloids."

"Now come on ladies .. one .. two .. etc .."

They did not like it .. but after a little while .. I had them all at it .. I
kept them at it, till they were all sweating a little .. They were beginning to
respond to command .. That and the under handed swing of the spare power cord I
used to 'encourage' the lagers kept at it.

It was truly a disgusting / perverted sight. Four flabby naked old ladies
jumping to the command of their new owner. Soft flabby old titties seemed to
bounce, so much as they just naturally seemed to invite the whip stroke of the
cord.

But I used it sparingly!

When I was sure they were all tired, and I was tired of the stroking their tits.
I knew they were all properly terrorized to follow my orders for now.

(I all ready knew that a female .. any female, remembers her instructions soo
much better, after a stripe or two across her precious mammarys.)

Now I let them stop and resume the present position, (Hands behind the head,
back straight, legs shoulder length apart ...)

The wheezing etc was that of an old car on it's last legs ..

Then I then had three of them, sit down cross legged on the floor.

"Grandma why don't ya go to the kitchen, and make us all some coffee .. I like
mine with a lot of sweetener." I demanded of the now thoroughly cowed old woman
leader.

Hating herself for obeying, grandma went into the kitchen and made **the
coffee** for us all of us.

I passed out three sets of shiny metal cuffs and had each one of the crones on
the floor, cuff her ankle to that of the gal next to her.

They meekly complied. When grandma returned and handed out the coffee, I had her
too, cuff her left foor to striped asses right foot.

(Before our little meeting, I had laced the **coffee** with some very potent
downers.)

So now while they cooled down, I sat in the chair, pretending to drink my coffee
watching them, while they sat down on the floor.

After they had all ingested the 'coffee' I began their instruction .. them
again. 

"Now ladies, we have to come to some meeting of the minds here. I know some of
you, are even now trying to think of a way to get out of this situation, you
find yourselves in. Or being women you are seeking to be the last one to suffer
the 'fait worse than death' hoping that I will tire of you."

"Well forget it! Just like my whore Lucy .. you all now belong to ME!" I began.

(One gray head seemed to nod.  Good!)

"Just remember .. if I find out one of you fucks up!  The whole lot of ya will
get it .. right up the ass."

"Do I make myself clear?"

"Young man! Um .. Just what do you think you're going to do with us?" Grandma,
bolstered by the cooling down period, and hot coffee demanded.

I walked over. Stood towering over her, with the whip like cord dangling form my
right hand.

"I'll do anything, I damn well please with you .. grandma! ANYTHING! And you
will go along with it or all the members of that fancy country club set you
belong to will receive a video of your last night's exploits along with today's
display of flabby tittie flapping. Mrs. ... " I used her full name to emphasize
I knew her particulars.

"I bet news of it will make the local evening editions .. and at least a full
page, color expose in the supermarket tabloids. But the tabloids will be a few
weeks in coming out."

"That and the factual arrest of four naked matrons, for indecent exposure,
trying to get home, naked, form a drunken party at a whores place!"

Gasps all round and a lot of throat clutching.

This shut um all up! Even grandma seemed realize the danger she was in ..
sitting here naked, chained, etc.. She was afraid .. now. They all were!

"Now since you have a big mouth .. GRANDMA! You're going to be the first one to
show off that fat ass of yours for the camera. OK! But first we're all going to
get better acquainted .. What say to get to know each other better .. each of
you think .. you know the other members of the group .. But when we do it my
way! We'll all be sure .. I want each of you .. to shave one another's .. CUNT!
ETC.. OK?"

"And just to show their are no hard feelings! Whyn't you blondie shave grandma
here?" I demanded of the petite bleached blond seated next to and now fastened
to grandma leg.

I handed blondie a can of shaving cream. And when she attempted to give it to
grandma I demanded,

"UH UH .. No you don't .. I want you to shave grandma here .. but first you have
to lather her up. .. OK So do it .. NOW!"

Grandma shook her head 'ok' and blondie reluctantly leaned way back and began to
coat the gray haired pubis with the snowy white foam.

"NO! NO! Not like that! Get in close there and rub that stuff in there."

Blondie was reluctant to touch grandma's private area so I pushed her.

"You missed a spot! If you fuck this up, their will be penalties! For both of
you!" 

Blondie looked up at me lazily, (I could see the downers were kicking in.) But
she leaned over closer to grandma crotch and began to rub the coating onto a
thoroughly mortified grandma cunt with firm contact. 

When she had it all coated, I inspected the job. Grandma wasn't happy but she
could only sit there with her crotch the center of everyone's attention.

Satisfied I handed blondie a pink safety razor.

Ten pairs of eyes watched closely as blondie proceeded to shaved grandma's badge
of woman hood off.

I demanded a lot of pulling out of labia, going back over areas .. to insure
efficient denuding, and maximum embossment.

Finally when I was satisfied with the job, I had grandma 2 coat and shave
blondie's badge off.

Again I supervised and the job was done quicker .. this time but with no less
embarrassment to the participants.

No one was allowed to coat, rub the lather into, or shave, herself.

It was a group project. Slowly their emerged some flabby withered old pubises
that hadn't seen the light of day in many years.

The video of four old ladies lathering and shaving each other!! Just thinking of
it makes old mr stiffie hard! Why it made a wonderful opening vignette .. dick
hardening, even, despite or is it because of the age of the participants.

When I had them all slicked down, and I was sure the downers were working, I
ordered,

"Now you will each be expected, in the future, to always get that waxed, at
least once a week. I will inspect each of you, unannounced .. where ever you are
.. and their will be penalties for both of you should I find a bearded clam."

"Do I make myself clear?"

The stunned sluggish older women could now just sit there nodding their heads.
The coffee had done it's thing .. good! 

Next I had grandma uncuff her ankle, stand up, and sit down spread legged on the
short side of Lucy's low coffee table.

This served to put her shaved beaver, low, framed by her raised knees,
especially when she laid down on her back.

Using the pillow from the couch I raise up her head till, I got the titties,
above the respective knees and her disheveled head just a little higher than
that.

So from the top the video shows grandma head, titties, and framed by her bony
knees grandma's denuded cunt.

The camera's view finder showed it. And the tape recorded it all!

When I was satisfied with the pose, I had blondie scoot in below the frame, hold
up grandma's drivers license just below her denuded cunt. To identify whose cunt
was whose.

"Is this address on your license correct?" I demanded.

A stunned grandma murmured something.

"What was that? Speak up Mrs ... we can't hear you!" I demanded.

"Yes damn you! .. I said YES!" grandma replied.

"Seeings as how we so intimate now, what say I call you by your first name,
Alice?" I inquired.

I mean there she was .. Laying on her back, on Lucy's coffee table, spread wide
open. Her shaved pubis gave her sex the appearance of a  plucked turkey .. all
ready for stuffing and basting. And here I was making social chit chat to her
cunt. Oh how I hopped I was getting all this all on the tape!

Well grandma (Alice ...) kinda lost it, and broke down sobbing .. when I
demanded,

"Blondie! This just won't do! She's all closed up. Reach under there, and spread
her lips open .. The camera can't see her holes properly!"

Why I even had to stop tape to .. you know .. to give grandma a minute to come
back to herself.

To pass the time, while Alice composed herself, I went over to old gran, (number
four in my line up of the old ladies) and demanded a quickie blow job.

I mean, I'm only human .. I have needs too, and decrepit as these old bags were
.. They were still naked and  female. Oh all right and they looked soo kinky
like this.

Gran (her real name was Betty), went all shy on me, and when she opened her
mouth, we found out, she had a dental plate.

Love it! love it!

I made her remove it.

(I all ways find, for a better, more satisfying blow job, gummings  the thing ..
Don't believe me? Try it some time!)

After removing her plate, which I decided to keep it. Betty tried to pull that
shy stuff, and in general, was slow at first. But with my powers of persuasion,
namely the 'cable / whip', 'inspiring' her. Well she did fine for a novice. It
that's what she was..

After the delay, I restarted the video, and finished up with Alice's
documentation. Then I had her sign a couple of forms and go back to her new
place in the end of the line.

I won't bore ya with the details of each of the old ladies tapeing but if you
buy the video in some sleazy under the counter place, you'll know how they each
did.

After each segment, I had presented each one of them with and obtained a model
release form, which, in their flustered state, they signed, no problems. So the
video is all legal .. etc ..

Next I gave the old crones, a list of orders I demanded of all my possessions / 
whores.

Their eyes showed a dull sort of understanding of the rules, so I have Alice
read them, out loud, for the group on video tape, of course.

I know you all want to know what the rules are so here they are:

     		"RULES FOR MY MASTERS WHORES


	1. I hereby acknowledge that I am the willing slave of my MASTER. I will
obey him because I desire to please him in every way possible.

	2. My primary sex pleasing organ will be the tongue in my head. It is my
MASTER'S to modify and use as he see's fit. I will keep it ready for his use at
all times!

	3. As of this date and time, I wish to declare that the CUNT, between my
legs is now my MASTER'S sole property. I acknowledge that it is my duty to all
ways keep it smoothly shaven and lubricated, so should my MASTER wish to rent it
out, or use it, for anything, my MASTER'S CUNT, will be all ways be ready for
HIS use!

	4. As the asshole between my legs is also my MASTERS possession, I
acknowledge that it is my duty to keep it also lubricated and ready for
immediate use at my MASTERS convenience.

	5. As of today I acknowledge that I will remain naked, with only high
heels on, at all times when inside this or any other house, unless directed to
do otherwise by my MASTER

	6. My attire when I am allowed to leave this house, will be: the
shortest possible skirt or dress, approved by my MASTER, and a transparent top.
Underneath these, only a spandex garter belt of the size and color, approved for
my MASTERS CUNT and stockings, will be permitted.

NO UNDERWARE, OF ANY KIND, IS PERMITTED UNLESS SPECIFICALLY APPROVED BY my
MASTER!

	7. My hair will be kept short and dyed the approved color, required by
my MASTER. Any make-up will be done to my MASTER'S specifications.

	8. I am only allowed to eat what and when my MASTER approves. I will
never use utensils unless specifically permitted by my MASTER.

	9. I will never go anywhere without permission. This includes the
bathroom, anywhere! When at home, alone, after being given permission, I will
use the backyard. Away from home I will all ways squat over the open toilet
bowel, being careful to never use or soil the toilet seat. But I must ask
permission from my MASTER first. Then if I need to relieve myself and am denied,
I will 'hold it' till allowed to go'.

	10. I will sleep in the assigned cage in the cellar here, every night,
unless directed otherwise by my MASTER.

	11. I will wear the collar of my MASTERS choosing at all times with my
cunt name and identification tag prominently displayed.

	12. I must exercise daily to keep my body fit for my MASTERS uses.
MASTER will tell me the type and duration of the exercises.

	13. I will make, no decisions, on my own, as with out direction from my
MASTER, I will make errors.

	14. I will have my but plugged at all times. The size and type of the
plug is to be approved by my MASTER. My red dildo also of a size and type
approved by my MASTER, nipple clamps, lead weights etc will be with me at all
times.

	15. I will respectfully address all my superiors, with MR. or MS. and my
MASTER'S friends as SIR or MADAM.

	16. I will be smiling and willing to obey, all commands, at all times.
No exceptions!

	17. I am to never orgasm without the expressed the permission of my
MASTER, but I am to masturbate at least 5 times a day to insure my cunts
readiness.(at 6am, 9am, 12M 2pm and 5pm unless told otherwise by my MASTER.)

	18. I understand that my old life is now over. I now exist only to
please and serve my MASTER. I am now totally his to control and do with as he
may see fit.

	19. All my worldly goods are now HIS and, I will surrender them
forthwith.

"In addition to these permanent rules there are a few addition rules for the
upcoming weeks of training sessions, which must be obeyed.

I will live in the basement here in the cage assigned.

I will stay in the assigned cage unless called out by my MASTER.

I will shower only when and where my MASTER orders."

As most of the club were showing signs of being sedated, I had, Alice read these
to the group.

Then, I made each one read aloud, singly, before the video camera the complete
text.

To drill these rules into their minds, I made it a group thing,, and they all
had to read /recite these rules for a few hours.

When it became a sort of  sing a long thing I knew they had it in their minds.

Of course I also had each one of um sign a copy before the camera.

I turned off the camera, unbenoenced to the group, and left then to their
repetitious reading and rereading of the new rules of their new life. I had
other things to do and now the 'coffee' had really taken hold so they would
droned on and on till I made then stop.

Down stairs, in the basement I surveyed the preparations for the gals.

The four cages were all individually draped with black cloth, in a row, facing
the far wall with about three feet clearance. These preparations assured
isolation from each other, for I had individual assignments for them.

When all was ready for them, I upstairs, and took them, blindfolded, one at a
time, down to their new home.

While I was putting each of them to beddie, the rest were left to their
'sing-along'.

Down stairs I had each one back into a tiny 3'x4'x3' wire mesh cage, you know,
the kind you use for a large dog.

The women were forced to stay on their knees as I ran a line behind their knees
and attached it to their neck. They were down with their asses up high and
available from the back of the cage for training.

Each cage was draped so that the occupant had privacy from her neighbor and
isolation.

I forced a large ventilated ball into each mouth to keep intelligent
conversation to a minimum.

Once I had um all bedded down and tucked in, it was time to go back for some
servicing from my bitch ... Carol at the store.

My days are soo full!!

You see! I'm getting into a rut!!




                      Carol's Romance  # 07
                        by Paladin

After button up the 'academy', (which meant assuring myself that the crones were
all in their cages), I had a leisurely drive, in the newest of the crones luxury
cars, to the store. (As I said these old gals were rolling in money and the
things it brought .. )

Walking into the store, like any other customer, I was disgusted to see an even
great number of males gathered around Carol's perfume counter now. They were
like drone bees buzzing around MY FLOWER!

(Pansies!)



Their little heads rule every time!

Disgusted I turned right around and left her to her sales!

I mean, I don't wait in line for anything .. especially a whore I all ready own.
She may gum these chumps now .. but she comes home to me for the night! And I
own it all!

To kill some time, I drove over to Martha's friendly neighborhood whore house
and persuaded her to let me watch some of the other video's she had on some of
the 'bridge club' previous meetings. (pays to know your whores tastes,
backgrounds, and faults, if you are gonna train them out their faults.) 

As a lot of it was repetitious, I spent a lot of time fast forwarding .. but I
could use a lot of it for each of my crones epic video.

Then, in the spirit of 'you show me yours and I'll show you mine', I showed the
management, Martha, the raw video that I made of the 'bridge club's' latest
meeting and got comments and notes as to their future uses. Martha's trained eye
gave even me some ideas in the future use of my crones.

Martha was also cooled down enough to 'lend' me some of her special tools and
the name of her supplier of other things she would not part with.

Nellie was pleased, now that Martha was pleased. Why, they even let me do some
of the initial cut down of the raw footage for my video epic. I even began the
editing for the group of individual videos and started the individual perversion
sections. (Pays to have a variety of videos, as you never know when, one will be
soo good or particularly disgusting and strike some of your perverted fancies..)

Later while Lucy was unoccupied with customers, I threw her a mercy fuck .. in
her ass hole. Just to pass the time for me, but also keep her opened up to my
size.

As I had specified, she was working strictly lezzie ..So Lucy only had, had only
a steady stream of female customers. (Imagine all those cunts, ass holes and
slit's to service?) Males could watch, but not touch. But you have to understand
.. our Lucy was true hetro and the sight of a familiar, 'friendly' dick, mr
stiffie, sent the bitch into throughs of ecstasy.

Can you imagine how much joy mr stiffie was bring Lucy.

So I decided .. ok mr stiffie decided .. to aid her sanity .. and .. OK! Keep
her ass hole nice and opened up to his size. (Females are not like a bar of
soap. They last and last but if you don't use um constantly, they do tend to
shrink up on ya .. Really .. Ask anyone.) And then too Lucy just love the
change!

Some what satiated, balls drained, and with more video footage, it was time to
start back to the store, to pick up my BITCH, Carol. Finding out the sales
results would be amusing also. 

(Where did the day go? See what I mean. I'm getting in a rut just like one of
you drones. Work .. work ... if it wasn't for the variety of cunts and ass holes
and mouths .. why I'd be soo bored ..)

Carol didn't recognize the car, but she saw me. She kind of sauntered over to
the car, with her nose in the air. She was soo pleased with her self, and her
daily sales total, that the old Carol seemed to be coming back!

She acted she like didn't even know, that her breadth even smell of all that cum
she had sucked down today!  Women!

Now I didn't like her attitude before, and I certainly wasn't going to put up
with a resurgence now! So I decided to bring her back down to earth really fast.

She leisurely got in, and just sat there, on the seat all content with herself.
She even sat on her skirt, wrinkling it!

I didn't say a word. (Actions speak LOUDER!)

She was soo pleased with herself and she thought, I was too??

 I though.

It took some driving around till I spied .. the lesion .. MIKE .. He was .. well
.. his disgusting smelly old self, only more so! He was at his usual business ..
and really close by his previous place. If anything he looked grubbier than the
first time we found him.

I don't think he saw us .. it was a different car .. but I saw him!

"Um Carol dear, look over there!" I ordered, taking her by the back of her head
and turning it Mike's way.

Like they all do, she looked about, in that typical female fog thing, till .. 
then her whole body seemed to stiffen ..

MEMORIES!

They do that to a bitch!

When I knew, I had her undivided attention, then, I said .. pleasantly ..

"Isn't that your old fellato buddy .. Mike? You seemed to enjoy his dick soo
much, the last time! How about we go over there, and you can give old Mike a
nice new blow job? I know he'd love seeing you again. And you can show him what
you've learned since your last .. sucking of him .. The traffic is soo lighter
this time, he won't lose much business while you are .. Be a dear and get his
stud fee from your purse. Remember I paid last time ... Seeing as how you are
more experienced this time .. make it a ten ..OK!"

Shaking her cute little head, with that expression of pure horror on her face,
Carol tore off her dress, knelt on the car floor, reached over and unzipped my
fly, all in one fluid motion. She didn't even ask my permission to service mr
stiffie! And when she saw mr stiffie emerging from his nest .. why she tried to
inhale the poor thing .. in one gulp!

To savor the moment .. I had to stop the car, down the street from Mike's place
of business, and addressed Carol's rapidly bobbing head,

"My! My! Such passion .. Even after all those dicks you sold to in the store!
And I thought you after all those other dicks, you didn't love me anymore .. or
can it be something I just imagined?                                                                                            
we can forgo Mikie for now .. You're busy now!"

(I knew she'd remember this lesion for a long, long, time .. and she was doing
wonderful things in the deep throating stuff area right now .. Know what I mean?
It's just that you have to reinforce their lesions in their little brains every
once in a while.)

As Carol worked her throat muscles on mr stiffie, smiling all the way, I drove
us over to Lucy's place. My 'training acadamy' now and Carol with her experience
and wonderful attitude, was gonna, HELP!. Sort of a 'whore maker's little
helper.

Impatient as all ways, when I stopped in the drive, I took the nude puckered
Carol by the scruff of the neck, without a word and dragged her inside the
academy with me.

In the kitchen, naked she showed me her cooking skills, as she made up a gallon
of light broth, which after she made it, I laced it with the sedative and a
potent aphrodisiac (obtainable from every health food store). Next I had her
make herself a strong cup of coffee and saw to it she finished every bit and a
bowel of the broth!

To show her, her job, I had Carol strap on one of those extra long brown plastic
coated dildos, I bought for training from Martha place.

It had a nice round extension to fit in the fucker's cunt, with a rough area to
engage the fucker's clit, and the black leather strap that synched it to Carol's
crotch. Their was even a provision for the fucker to obtain anal penetration
while fucking the fuckee.

On the fuckee side, the dummy was long, with a massive head. It had small round
projections, bumps in other words, like speed bumps in a parking lot, all along
the shaft. Then just as the fucker got it all the way in the fuckee's hole, a
pointie projection was present to stab at the fuckee's other hole!

Fun no?

The dildo was reversible for training either hole, from front or back, but
designed exclusively for bitch training obviously!
 
With the device 'installed' in and on her, Carol's slim girlish figure, looked
soo .. well .. ridiculous. Her sexie bouncing boobs, and that long thick brown
dildo sticking out from her crotch .. they each  bounced and weaved in a
different direction, at each step she took.

Satisfied she knew and she looked every bit the fucker dyke, her job, I had her
carry the pot of broth, when I took her down stairs to the cage area.

Oh how cute that tight little ass of hers looked .. as she strained to keep the
steaming bowl of broth from burning her bobbing tits while descending the cellar
stairs.

 I positioned her, behind the covered cages, being careful to keep her, with her
training appendage, well out of the crones line of sight for now. They's love it
when they first experienced it!

Carrying the pot of doctored broth, I took from Carol, I went around the front
of the cages. I lifted the tarp from the first cage, and knelt down before
grandma's locked mesh door. There I ladled/offered the now dehydrated crone,
Alice, a small measure in a shallow dish of the wonderful smelling soup. The
ladling into the dish, had imparted the wonderful aroma of the broth into her
nostrils as well as before her eyes ..

The aroma must have smelled heavenly, for Alice. She just couldn't take her eyes
off the dish, as I slid it up to the cage door. Then too, Alice's parched lips
showed she really needed the fluid ..

To my gestures, she readily shook her agreement .. she wanted some!

'SHE REALLY WANTED SOME!'

After opening the small cage door, I removed the ball gag, from her mouth, I
cautioned her,

"NO TALK! DRINK! OR LOSE OUT! AND IT WILL BE A LONG TIME TILL I GET AROUND TO
THIS AGAIN!" 

Even grandma .. Alice .. saw the logic in that, so she  proceeded, when
presented with a bowl of broth, even in my dirty hands, to lower her face into
the bowl, and frantically lap up the badly needed liquid with her tongue.

After she got a taste of it, the old crone really started to lap it up like one
possessed. Smiling, at the progress, I looked up .. at my waiting BITCH .. 
Carol ..

(What is it with naked bitches? They can't just stand there and wait with out
just naturally try to cover their boobs!) 

At my frown, Carol quit the tit hiding shit, and grabbed hold of her new
appendage .. the massive round headed dildo and silently  advanced on grandma's
naked waiting ass .. and made contact!! Looking down I perceived grandma's
bobbing head had stopped, so I signaled my bitch .. Carol .. to really commence
her stimulating of the old and long unused sex by really sticking it up in
there!

A smiling Carol, drove the dummy forward and straight home into Alice's tight,
dry, long unused fuck hole. Even with the lub, Carol had used, it was tough
going .. but Carol knew what my displeasure might bring so she soldiered on!

Alice had stiffened at the first contact, and now attempted to raise her head,
when Carol really bored down .. but I was ahead of her. I held her face down in
the shallow broth. After some shuttering, ass shifting around and not a few
bubbles, grandma stopped fighting the penetration and aside from a few ass
twitching, just resumed her continuous lapping up of the broth .. like a good
bitch.

She took her fucking like a bitch .. an old bitch .. and she didn't even know
whose appendage it was in there screwing her cunt from behind .. like some
animal ..

When the liquid was almost gone, I signaled Carol. She reared back like a
stallion, rearing up on it's two hind feet, withdrew all of the dummy from
grandma's now open sex in one long pull. The bulbous head made it slow coming
out!

Grandma raised her old gray head opened her mouth in a prelude to a scream of
loss, but I did not giving her the moment to talk .. or yell .. or .. I stuffed
the old ball back into, Alice's salivating mouth! And forced it behind her
gaping teeth to insure it was seated securely.

Then to check that the gag was effective, I did the old double tittie pull on
the old wrinkled chest.

"aaummm" came the muted response!

This is how you test that the ball is properly installed, and effective.

Alice shook her head, moaned, shook her ass like a puppy trying to be friendly,
and gave me that killer expression of hers, but she could do little else.

Paying her continuing antics, no mind, I covered her cage and we moved to on
feed / fuck gran .. Betty ..

At first penetration, she was all eyes, over her bowl, but soon, she too saw the
logic of taking her fucking for her broth.

She kept shuttering on Carol's down into the cervix strokes, but unlike Alice,
Betty was a slighter bitch. So the long dildo was probably bottoming out in
gran.

Why she was so slight, it was even difficult to get a hold of her nips for the
double tittie pull test of the gag, but I managed.

The other two also performed as their fellow bridge players had. Fucking they
knew not what, for their doctored broth.

What a nice well behaved group the old ladies they were, now that I had um all
naked, caged ..and dehydrated. Of course the valium, downers, etc. helped too!

Now on to phase 2!

Going back to Alice's face, I again showed her the broth pot and let her smell
the aroma for a while.

She shook her head 'yes', frantically. She seemed to steel herself for the
penetration that the precious liquid would cost.

I signaled Carol and she drove the dummy, this time .. slowly .. very slowly ..
deep into Alice's tightly clenched most private hole.

Alice did not like this one bit .. OH how she fought it .. like the tight ass's
bitch I knew her to be .. But Carol had her job .. and the dummy was lubed. To
open such a long unused, tight grommet, we had installed a pointier cap over the
leading edge of the round head of the dildo specially designed for 'opening'
tight ass holes.

Holding the small bowl, under grandma's nose, I watched and waited till Carol
had the long thing in positioned.

This time I waited .. and watched the struggles as Carol's dildo went down deep 
and was finally seated deep inside Alice's vitals .. Knowing the game this time,
Alice wasn't happy .. But I could wait.

Alice bucked like a young unbroken mare. Finally she quieted down showing she
had accepted her ass reaming.

Smiling at the crones discomfort, I put the bowl of broth down and let the old
fuckee see her sustenance. Alice surrendered .. Like I knew she would ..

When I saw Carol was all ready sawing back and forth, I removed Alice's gage,
being quick to pushed the old gray head into the bowl first before she could
verbally object. I kept her head down in the broth till she began to lap it up
vigorously.

As soon as she had emptied the bowl, I regagged her and motioned for the fucker
.. Carol .. to withdraw and move on to the new fuckee, Betty.

Feeding bitches like this takes soo much time .. but well, you have to feed your
animals, don't you. And I prefer hand feeding um, so they get to know who ownes
um!

Then too it accustoms them to being handled and fucked for their supper!

Before we left them, we installed in each one of them a nice extra large
zucinnie in each of their fuck holes .. to keep them open up and permanently
establish my ownership.

Then, it was upstairs to Lucy's nice warm soft bed. (I knew she wouldn't mind.
Carol was family and I .. well .. I was her owner! Now wasn't I.)

After a particularly delightful gumming, I kicked Carol out of the bed onto the
floor. So Carol didn't wander about in her sleep, I chained her neck to the
bed's leg and settled down to a nice rest!

And was I tired! From the day I put in, I just had to get some sleep .. but, NO!
mr stiffie .. he'd seen all that white cunt flesh .. wrinkled and smooth  .. and
now their was this long unused bit lying there under the bed .. unused! And he
want a piece .. now!

And he got all stiff and shit from just the proximity of that whore flesh!

So is it any wonder, from that annoyance, I had to rolled over, get Carol up
from her sleeping position .. on the floor. Drag her ass up on the mattress
still chained to the bed post, positioned her, with her head hanging over the
edge, ass sticking up, line up mr stiffie, and fucked her in her tight little
ass hole till he was satisfied. 

Talk about work never being done!

(See I'm a nice guy after all .. Her vagina would had been all chafed and shit
.. from all that sawing, she did to train the crones, so nice guy that I am, I
.. well mr stiffie .. used her ass hole instead.)

As soon as he finished up, and got his nut, I kicked Carol out of the bed and
again she found herself still chained by her neck to the bed post on the floor.

Now that he was sated, I turned over and fell into a deep, peaceful, sleep.

When I awoke, in about four hours, I again woke Carol, this time, by toying with
her left tittie with my big toe nail.

When she didn't rouse herself quick enough for me, I stepped down and pinched
her soft left mammary slightly between the floor and my left foot.

(This rouses your average whore, QUICKLY!!)

When I raised my foot, Carol was up and kneeling, beside the bed post in no time
at all.

Leisurely I arose, stretched, scratched, and went out and peed. Then I fastened
Carol's hands behind her back. and smiled at how tight my little bitches body
was! Nice guy that I am, I let her squat over the cammode and pee.

"What say we go on down and 'play' with the old bitches?" I inquired of her.

A sleep Carol wearily smiled and shook her tired head, 

'yes!'

So it was three in the morning. I was up and so every one of my possessions
would be .. servicing me .. or else ..

From the siting position, I took her by the scruff of her neck and started
toward the basement.

Carol after awkwardly getting up, managed to walked the required three paces
behind me.

There in the cellar, when I snapped on the light to find my new tyros right
where I left um. In their nice little covered cages.

"AHHHH!" that makes me feel like .. so ..

I raised the canvas covering at the ass end of each cage and ordered Carol,

"Unplug um for me! We have work to do."

Carol removed the zicinnie from the new bitches .. with her mouth since I hadn't
released her hands. But my bitch did not even think of complaining!

While she was divesting them of their claim markers, I prepared four large and
one small plastic bags filled with individually sized portions of cheep wine,
and positioned then high above each cage. The hose clamps were firmly closed
off. Then I attached the large but plug / enema nozzle Martha used to each hose.

Carol licked each of the devices, for lubrication and luck .. She only balked
when I held the fifth one under her nose.

In order to train a bitch, especially one like Carol, you must be firm and let
her know, she is just one of your whores too.

The preparations were done behind the covered crones cages, so it came as a
complete shock, when I slowly forced a large dummy into the ass hole of each old
biddy and engaged the locking teeth securing it till I wanted it removed.

I rotated it .. did a little in and out .. why I even thumb stretched the
grommets .. all to ease them open for their next occupant. True to their nature
the tight assed bitches didn't stop complaining through out .. But when the
large but plug / nozzle was finally wedged inside .. I know they appreciated my
efforts.

Next the hoses were attached and opened.

This brought about a fits of ass shaking, in each one of the crones. But after a
time, usually when about half of the fluid was into um, they quieted down.

Shaking with distended bellies brought about more discomfort than relief so they
saw the merits of quieting down.

As I approached Carol she knew. And then to she saw the size and girth of the
thing I was going to put in her precious ass hole.

She shook her head frantically but, as I've said before you must be firm with
your bitches!

Holding her up right, I reached in between her legs, past the soo soft smooth
pubis and began to fit her ass hole with it's new lodger.

Carol knew better than to fight me, so she stood there spread legged while I
installed the thing in her. Then she watched while I released the clamp.

It was soo cute the way her eyes rolled up there when the wine hit and then
bypassed her colon. As my BITCH, Carol was standing, the gravitational pull on
the fluid was nowhere near as intense as the old ladies were experiencing.

Well Carol had to get to work soon so I used a lot less wine, but I wanted to
show her my control over her too!

As she did her little dance of the filling, I held her close and squeezed her
belly in tight, and then I let go and then squeezed again and ...

The enema bag emptied and then seemed to swell and empty and ...

Carol's guts were treated to a thorough cleansing and maximum adsorbing of the
alcohol.

She would be drunk out of her mind, but have no smell of it.

When I was satisfied she was totally done, I lay her down on her back over
gran's cage,  and went back to bed to catch another fourth winks.




                      Carol's Romance  # 08
                        by Paladin

God I got to tell you, this bitch training stuff with a batch of um sure
requires a lot of attention to detail!

DETAILS!

Take for instance, the individual attention you need for the volume, of the wine
.. you know, the stuff you inject into your bitch trainees' bowels to attain
that nice happy, cooperative attitude you want to keep to facilitate the
'lesions'.

Take for instance the little matter of the amounts of wine each bitch should
have. If I were to use the same amount, in slightly built bitch, like say ..
Betty, that I slopped into sturdy old crone .. like grandma, why she might
suffer alcohol poisoning!!

Now that wouldn't be good. Messy in fact! And a pure waist of cheep wine to
boot!

Then to if you put the same amount that you put in gran, in grandma .. it would
be too little ..Why she just wouldn't be as pliable as I wanted her to be. She
might be just become a belligerent drunken old bittie like she was when I
acquired her?

Drunk and pliable .. that's the way I want my training bitches to be and it
required attention to detail, I tell you!

Then too their was my young pet, BITCH Carol, she needed .. ah well I'm boring
you with the details!

But to continue where I left off ..

After a brief respite, I awoke, in Lucy's bed ALONE!

Did the normal morning draining of the lizard, (mr stiffie's' liquid
accumulation). Then I had to started wearily for the cellar and my bitches.
Dedicated .. that's me!

Why this morning, I even had to forgo my morning coffee .. not to mention
breakfast!

As I sleepily descended the stairs, scratching my hairy balls, I found a still
slightly inebriated Carol, right where I had left her, sleeping on top of gran's
covered cage. 

From the look of her, she'd hardly moved since I left her there last midnight.

She looked soo cute, laid out there, flat on her back, on the wire mesh cage,
with her slim white legs spread wide open .. invitingly!

The very kind of invitation I had sought from her, the first time I saw and
lusted for the bitch .. and now .. it was here .. spread out .. and just for me
.. oh and mr stiffie too of course!

He just couldn't resist! The old pervert! So after I pounced on her smooth white
naked belly. No fumbling for him .. mr stiffie easily found that hole, his
specialty, and stuffed himself firmly inside. While I, the big headed member of
the team, brain of the deal, concentrated on my specialty .. Sawing in and out
of the hole, to a distinct beat, which would turn the hole inside out!! That is
if I could keep it up.

Carol's eyes awoke slowly. (You'll notice that look, when you fuck um awake!
Trust me!) A kind'a squintie eyed, pained expression. (Ya  think this time it
may be from my belly's pressure on her distended one? NAAAA!)

But I have to say .. She remembered her training. She lay there, quietly and
accepted me and mr stiffie, belly to belly. She even commenced to grinding that
velvet clutching cunt of hers, onto, over and by the laboring mr stiffie.

She even remembered to shifted her whole ass from side to side .. And that
inspite of what the cage mesh was doing to her back and ass, to assist him get
off. The wire mesh cutting into her back wasn't even mentioned!

In general, I'd say she endeavored to please, with ever part of her being, and
could she move that thing! Now that's training ..

And not even a cross word did I hear about, the early hour .. or the cage mesh
on her back .. or my attempting to saw her big beautiful ass into the cage ..
Why if ...  she keeps this up, I'll have to give her another 'string of seeds'
tearing out of her ass hole, while I again fuck her cunt. She'd been soo good!

(All cunts really get one hell of a charge out of that one ... and it sets off
an oscillating cum's deep inside her, sort of mind fucking um where their minds
are ... if they have um!)

As I did the sawing, mr stiffie did not have any pressure on his mind to
distract him this A.M. . Today he just concentrated on the seating and unseating
of his little head inside Carol's wonderfully soft flowing cunt!

Oh how I tried to make him hold out, for more, but it was his first morning fuck
of the day .. and my balls were full .. so all too soon, mr stiffie gave it up!
He shot a nice fresh load of cum deep inside Carol's laboring cunt.

From her responses, a deep throated growl, and her hips rhythmic rising and
falling, Carol seemed to appreciated it, as much as mr stiffie did. Or so I
thought.

Then the BITCH had to go and spoil it!!

As I lay there, resting on her inert form, all content like .. and draining out
the last of a good cum .. 

THEN SHE SPOILED IT BY SAYING ..

"Please, I have to .. go to the bathroom!! Please .." 

She pleaded .. and with those soulful blue eyes.

"We'll talk about it LATER!'

I responded rolling off her, my consummate morning fuck mood broken, aggravated! 

Seeking to distract my rage, I lifted the tarp off old gran's cage .. from the
rear end. Her small shriveled old ass stuck up there under my gaze. 

Seeing the enema nozzle / but plug still nicely wedged in her old ass, with it's
locking mechanism, sticking out, just invited me to toy with it. This was just
too nice a toy to pass up given my current mood.

At the first gentle tug, Gran's inert form suddenly came alive.

She tried to verbally object, and the old head shook it's objection .. slowly,
carefully. Something about playing with a bitches ass hole .. especially when
it's trying to hole back an eruption!

Paying her no mind, my next tug was followed by a slight 1/4 twist ..

This brought a louder attempted verbalization, and a slow cautious reaction. The
poor bitch tried to maneuver her ass with it's new lodger, away from my
mischievous fingers.

Isn't it wonderful what a toy this but plug could be!

Her feeble attempts at evading my fun, amused me ..

So I continued to maneuver it at random. Usually I'd manipulate it, and she
would try to evade me. When she had just stopped her evasion tactic, I'd let her
know ... I'd found it .. again ..

While she wanted this thing OUT! She also wanted to be as still as possible,
while it remained wedged inside her, so her FULL vitals didn't stir up. To
Gran's full intestines stirring up was a NO! NO!

Any and all movement, how even slight, caused the fluid, held in her belly to
slosh about inside her, bring about even greater desire to expel it. This to
relieve the cramping and such deep inside her gut. Their was no escaping the
sensation for gran.

As I tweaked the device inside her ass, to and fro, .. gran's whole body began
to .. perspire! I really had the old gal's attention! She was shaking her head
trying to bang the side of her cage to let me know her desire to STOP or relieve
herself.

Pausing when I tired of that game, I waited for the total quiet gran wanted soo
much. Now I changed it! Reaching down to the end of her crack, with my fingers,
I started, this time, to toy with gran's now rigidly still dry cunt hole.

DRY!

I don't like my whores to be dry. Means they are not ready for me!

Leaving my right thumb inside the vaginal depth I captured gran's little love
bud, with my four and middle finger and began frictioning the little thing.

Again gran commented,

"Unndndnmmtn"

And again that head shaking thing ... sort of frantic now but holding the body
and her bulging belly rigidly still.

She might not want it .. She might be old .. but, moisture began to flow in her
cunt's mouth. My thumb was soon moistened, and I began to thumb fuck gran's old
long unused cunt while I frictioned the little nub.

Still she endeavored, to freeze in place, to minimize the sloshing of the wine,
but I had her building to a climax. I could tell, so again, I began to toy with
her nozzle / but plug.

Caught between the many sensations gran finally secumed .. she surrendered her
whole being to my fingers. I worked her up using the cunt / ass / etc.. till ..
she started to move irregardless of the cramping ..  you know the response ..
amused at this ..  I did not let her get to her 'O'.

NO! ..  NO! ..  NO!

Just shy of it! I'd stop everything and watch her twist her old tired ass in the
wind, soo full .. soo unfulfilled! Irregardless of the trapped liquid .. she had
been soo close .. she wanted .. she had been soo close .. but ..

Then when I was sure she had come all the way down, and was again trying to stay
perfectly still .. Then I started at the head of her crack, all over again.

As mr stiffie was drained and gran's ass wasn't particularly amusing, I played
the game .. with my fingers .. well let's say many more times.

When I tired of the game, I had Carol crawl over and lick gran  through ONE cum!
And what a cum the old gal had! She could tell her grandaughter Celia about it.

Then we left her to wait and hope for ... something .. anything.. RELIEF??

After replacing the tarp, we progressed to blondie. Her cunt too was dry! 

It seems my old bitches just couldn't get the hang of it! YET!

They seemed to all dry up on ya, when ya filled their asses with wine .. and
they needed to expel!

They'd learn .. eventually.

I played the games with her privates till I again grew tired.

Again it was Carol's task to lick um all up for first morning cum. You see I
teach them they will cum at MY pleasure .. never mind what else they wanted to
do.

We played similarly with grandma and the last bitch .. I'll call her the dummie.

I was tiring of the games so I chained Carol to the overhead and went back
upstairs to the kitchen. (Breakfast you know!)

--------

Refreshed and with a mug in coffee in hand I again walked down the stairs. It
was TIME!

This would be the first cinematic milestone of these crones lives!

First I worked out the camera angle and settings while I let my bitch Carol
squat (you know the pose feet spread around the drain, knees bent back full,
back straight, head erect, hands on hips, looking into the lens, smiling) and
void over the cellar floor drain.

This would be a monumental event, in the bitches transition, so I reviewed the
test with Carol. The set up of the video was GREAT! Putting in a fresh tape and
unlocked gran's cage, I had tape rolling ..

She endeavored to help in any way possible, to facilitate her exit of her cage.
She was still slightly inebriated. Her withered skinny old body nudity, did not
matter. All she could think about now was relief from her bellies cramping.

I don't even think she cared that I was tapping the event.

Carol easily handled the slight built, older naked crone, over to the hole where
she was going to be allowed to pee and void .. maybe.

Seeing the hole, a truly desperate gran, did not balk, she squatted right down
over it and tried .. Carol corrected her posture as she peed like nobody was
even there, but the but plug, firmly lodged inside her colon, wouldn't let her
.. void!

From deep inside her, her bowels growled their need!

That pathetic old grandmotherly face looked, up soo desperately. In my right
hand, I showed her the KEY! The key to her plugs orifice, and politely asked,

"Betty, dear .. If  you want this to unlock the mechanism .. "

A look of utter despair was ... all over .. when I went on,

"I want you to give me your pin number .. "

Through tear soaked eyes, the crone looked into the camera lens and signaled
that she would be glade to gave up the key to her bank account, for the physical
key that withdrew the teeth the held in the plug in her ass hole .. but I was
only giving her the key to opening the orifice.

"You know Betty without your plate you'll make an excellent cocksucker .. Martha
needs one .. You'd do that for Martha and me .. wouldn't you!"

Again the old bowels growled!

The old head shook a 'yes' again.

"You're not just saying that and ...."

The old head shook infatically ... 'NO!"

I took out the gag and asked,

"Tell me the number and give me permission to use it!"

"34378! Use it all you want .. plre..."

"Now beg me to be given the opportunity to suck dicks at Martha's."

"PL... Please let me  .. um go .. and su.. " gran fumbled the words.

I shook my head and put the key in my pocket, and as I began to turn away ..

"PLEASE LET ME GO TO SUCK DICKS AT MARTHA'S" gran demanded.

Satisfied I withdrew the key again and handed it to the old crone, but it was
only the key to open the hole in the plug. The teeth holding the device body in
her ass stayed engaged.

A short video moment later, showed gran opening the device's hole and then the
video captured the eruption from her bowels. Gran  looking up in such rapture,
squatting there relieving herself over the void. Occasionally gran frowned and
bent over from a cramp but as they lessened, the unplugged crone was crying ..
but this was for joy!!

She looked right into the lens in unmitigated bliss! You could tell!

We let her shit out as much as she could. Then while Carol held the weak crone
bent over, I hosed out of her crack, and carefully reclosed the plug. By
relocking her vital hole I sill owned her ... totally!

Their was soo much relief, she did not even struggle after the relocking was
being done. She needed rest! So unfettered, on her back, over her cage, we left
her, while Carol released, the next one, grandma. 

The once proud leader of the club meekly knelt and thoroughly tongue clean the
remnants of gran's ass crack before for her turn to void.  And she was glad to
do it.

My what a change had come over the old gal in just a day in my care.

-----

Lest I bore you the rest, all of the crones were allowed to expel after
surrending their pin numbers, and then hand fed again. Boring stuff I know but
you have to keep your animals up or they might get ... well you know ..

Next on the daily agenda, today it was filling time. Have you ever seen what
happens to those once grand objects of femininity when the crones let themselves
go? They become FAT, ant the tits become shriveled lumps of flesh, hanging from
the chest wall. These were once fine firm tits. They once stood up there .. Now
they sagged and hang down useless! .. Well I won't have it!

Disgusting .. These gals had all gone for face lifts .. but I wanted and I will
have .. BIG FIRM TITS! I wanted TIT LIFTS!

None of that shriveled old boob shit from my crones. 

To this end, I had secured a barrel of liquid silicone, industrial grade, and a
couple of large animal syringes.

Injecting small, roughly equal amounts around the areola, I obtained what I
think was a small uniform expansion to the shriveled boob tops, in the centers
the first time I tried.

Again it was hard, detail work but my bitches were going to be better than old
hags you'd probably see on the street. They would have firm soft titties like a
girl of 17, when I was through. Damn the pain .. I'd firm um up!

Again Carol helped me. She was my little tit holder upper. A bit squeamish but
as I wasn't doing hers she went along with me.

Once the tits were done for the day, we went about firming up .. and expanding
the pussy lips. (Nothing sexier, you know, than a nice long soft labia to cover
your dick on it's sawing missions. Especially if they tend to softly play with
your balls in their oscillations!)

Using close pins and a wire frame with Carols help, we tensioned the lips out so
they had no ripples. We were injected the liquid silicone in there for body, but
we did not want to add to the crones wrinkles in her pussy lips.

As I was keeping Carol for my private bitch, and her attributes were young and
still firm, I didn't fill her up with the silicone, but I cautioned her as we
worked,

"You know your tits are soo small, maybe when we get some time we'll 'improve
them a cup size or two! Wouldn't that be .. "

Carol's urgent kneed please me overcame any feelings for any of these women. She
became the perfect assistant. She washed down the voiding hole and knelt before
me silently pleading with her eyes my morning dicking of her.

"OH! OK here!" I said allowed her to mouth mr stiffie till he stiffened and was
ready..

She got him in the hole and rode him for the best fuck she had ever given any
one as yet.

Editing the tape and mixing it in with the individual features would take a
while. and mr stiffie would plague me every minute, so today I kept Carol home
from work.

Today she 'worked' as my under-desk-cocksucker, while I worked with my editing
program. When ever mr stiffie wanted a break .. Carol practiced her deep throat
technique. Now that's how to edit a tape.

"You are getting good at that Bitch!" I complimented her. "Maybe we'll fix up
your lips with the silicone too, so you can get a better lip lock on dicks. ..
You know fatten the lips around the edges and a slight cushion in the center?"

I don't know if the hinting at the 'modifications', or a trip downtown to Mike's
place of window washing, was more inspiring, but the hinting was easier.




                      Carol's Romance  # 09
                        by Paladin

After half a day editing the videos of the crones progress, I was getting bored,
even with the distraction of Carol's oral servicing. The tedium just got to me.
So to break up my day, I turned off the computer, put away my bitch, (chained
Carol up in gran's old cage) and took the old crone, gran, naked of course,
hands chained behind her, outside to her car on a leash. Not to just air, the
old thing out, (She needed it though.) but to bring her down to apply for her
brand new employment!

(I needed to see if the old crones were going to be worth what I thought they
could be in the bizz. After all old gran had a talent didn't she ... [Do you
remember what??] Not to mention this would open up a whole new world for the old
gal.)

Betty, was a shy little thing, and she like all bitches, did not take to being
out and about naked, especially at first. Then too, in broad daylight, her
shriveled old skin was soo white. (It probably hadn't seen the light of day in
many years.) Be that as it may I like transporting my bitches naked, and so that
was that.

(Makes them feel soo vulnerable and reliant on me.)

Take for instance when one of my bitch, like Betty here, managed to get away,
from me. Why I just drove away. Actually I just went around the block, came
back, and park across the street where she could see me at the curb. I didn't
signal or anything .. Just waited.

When the naked bitch, saw all you're reactions ..  gawking .. just standing
there .. doing nothing, but ogling her unveiled charms, and experienced the
comments of the fine upstanding women of the community .. like you .. Well she
just naturally wanted to come back and hide in the car with me!

So when she saw the car .. she ran right back for it and yours truly!

Usually, then it's fun time, for me.

It's remarkable what they'll do to get, 'safely' back inside the vehicle and
it's covering, with me. The videos I've made are hilarious.

Imagine and old bitch, like Betty here, naked, hands chained behind her, shaved
pussy, and all .. running up to her own car and finding me inside, windows
closed, playing the radio .. loud .. pretending not to notice her, in her urgent
need to HIDE!

Really gets um frantic.

I remember one old broad, I made her squat and pee right there on the sidewalk,
before letting her get back in to the car .. Didn't want her to have an
'accident' in the car .. Now did I?

Usually after one try, they never seem to want stray away from me again, no
matter what the opportunity.

But gran behaved herself. She never once even looked up. She rode all the way
from the house's drive way, to the brothels parking lot, kneeling on the front
seat floor with her little grey head down in the seat where I placed her, when I
let her in the car. 

She never even tried to look about and never once tried for the door. Just knelt
there shivering. That I like in a bitch of mine.. Shows my training has
succeeded!

So I parked us in the out door lot, and I sought to take her outside the car ...
Why with one look up, at all the bright open space, in her panic gran fought to
stay there.

Why I actually had to dragged her out of the car, and into the daylight of the
parking lot.

After I locked the car door, I had her walk beside me, to the freight elevator
dock. I was of course there to 'protect her', holding her leash.

"Come along!", was all I had to say. Didn't even have to tug her leash. 

She kept really close to me .. for protection from ... the boogie man??

In the day light, I've got to say, the new improvements, I made in gran's old
tits looked fabulous. Or course I did do the filling myself, so, well, I'm kinda
prejudice ..

The trip up to the top floor in the slow open freight elevator, was filled with
great apprehension for old gran. She jumped fearfully at each creek and noise
the old thing made. (Her previous trips here, were of course by the front door,
and of course she wasn't naked and leashed then.)

We were in luck, when we got off the elevator, Martha was seated at the
reception desk. As gran knew her, I thought this would make for less anxiety on
her part. What I hadn't counted upon, was the idea of appearing naked before
another woman was probably worse, for gran, than being before a man.

(Women know and evaluate other woman like no man ever could ..)

"Betty how nice to see you!" Martha offered with a smirk, after taking in gran's
nudity, much to old gran's embarrassment. "All of you!" Martha quickly added.

 

I had to hold the leash tight, up over my shoulder, gran could only stand there,
legs rigidly together, trying to bend over the desk. No doubt she was trying to
shrink up some, and hope for this to all get over with .. soon ..

"OH! I forgot, you two know one another, don't you?" I began, "Well she's here
to apply for a job .. aren't ya gran, you nasty old thing." 

"Um m uh.." gran went all shy on me! You know, the trying to bending over,
hunching the shoulders, the trying to look small bit. Shy! And retiring! Never
meeting Martha's evaluating eyes.

(For gran it made the newly expanded tit flesh, more pointie. And by bending
over the not more pontie tits, hang down more. And they seemed like twin
pointers, pointing directly down at the smoothly shaven wrinkled expanse of old
cunt flesh. The new weight of the silicone was doing wonderful things for the
old mammarys, as it tended to stretch out the old wrinkled skin.)
 
Maybe it was because she hadn't applied for a job in many years .. add to that
the circumstances .. i.e. standing, before a business registration desk .. in a
whore house .. NAKED .. with a shaved crotch .. applying for a job .. as ..
well??  But Betty froze. She just stood there and refused to speak.

"Betty how about I call .. your Celia and have her come over to the house this
evening. I'm sure she'd like the other girls, and she will find the training ..
enlightening! Don't you think!"

(Celia was gran's young granddaughter. You'll say I'm a name dropper .. well ...
I am! I did not want gran to go all to pieces on me, and flatly refuse to work
for Martha, so I used a veiled reference ..)

A look of pure horror came over Betty's old face, when the realization of what I
had said registered in her brain. As I reached for the phone,

"I'll call her now so I won't forget .." I went on.

"I want to be .. um .. the .. um .. cock suc..ker!" Betty finally managed to
spit out. It was what Martha needed to continue, her part in the charade.

"Really Betty!" Martha asked. "I never thought someone of your .. Well OK! I'm
all ways on the look out for new talent ... But cock .. ? Well I guess you older
gals really want cocks too. .. Let me see if we have an opening in ... what was
that you said wanted ... agai .. Just cocks??"

All the while she was talking, Martha was retrieving a large book from under the
desk. When gran didn't answer, but just stood there again frozen. Martha looked
up innocently .. waiting ... with the book now still closed on the desk.

I too commenced to starring at the old naked crone for an answer.

Like she was regurgitating a bug .. gran .. hesitated .. looked all around to
see if anyone was within ear shot. Finally after another pause, gran  managed to
spit out, in a very low voice,

"Cock sucker!"

"What was that .. I didn't hear you Betty?" Martha inquired enjoying the
uneasiness the old crone was having naming her chosen specialty.

Again gran tried and this time managed to say,

"Cocksucker! I want to be a co..suck.."

"Well OK! If you say so!" Martha said smiling at gran's embarrassment as she
went back to her book and began to fumble with page after page of explicit
photos of naked females, engaged in various explicit sex acts.

"Let me see ..COCK SUCKER!.. you say .. Um you really want to .. Um you have
experience? .. In that? Or just want to .. um .. "

I put my left arm around the small bony frame now shaking violently beside me
and began to fondle the small former, sex objects now hanging low, seemingly
pointing down from Betty's shriveled chest to her cunt.

"Yes. She really loves it. She's loved it since she was a young girl. Didn't you
Betty! And now, when she heard that toothless old whores, like her, make the
best cock suckers, why, their was just no stopping her. She demanded, we come
right down here, and apply for the job."

"She did! .. Well .. Yes .. but .. um .. do you have any experience, Betty ..
recent experience?" Martha again inquired lowering her head and trying to make
eye contact with gran's down cast eyes.

Gran sought to sink into my protective shoulder and evaded the question.

"Martha to assure she wouldn't be wasting your time, I audition her, myself.
While she's a gummer, now, and she is .. well .. ok at that. She assured me that
WITH PRACTICE ... LOTS OF PRACTICE .. She'll be deep throating with the best of
um in no time at all. Show Martha your toothless old qualifications dear."

I half turned to old gran, and cupped her lower jaw with my right hand and
squeezed .. this caused old gran to opened up .. wide and  show Martha, her
'qualification' or lack of .. 

Martha had stopped her fumbling, with the book, and rose slightly from her
chair. Then she peered into the gaping oral cavity that was gran's
'qualification'.

Smiling she sat back down and went back to the book. Finally she found the
proper page and again looked up. She half rose form the table again and this
time she stuck her right for finger inside the gaping oral orifice and began to
feeling around inside and explore the naked gums.

"UMM I see what you mean .. interesting .. but well you .. see here .. " Martha
said as she withdrew her finger, wiped it on gran's left boob, and sat back
down. "We all ready have a couple of .. qualified .. experienced .. cock
suckers. See here .."

The page the book was opened to, was filled with pictures of a young black
woman's face, with dicks of various sizes and colors stuck inside her bulging
cheeks. Then Martha turned the page and an angelic white youth's face was seen
with a variety of penises being orally serviced. Another page showed another
sucker, a brunette this time, with dick's bulging in her throat. (Obviously the
deep throat specialist.) There was even an enthaustic blond haired male
servicing various penises.

Gran shuttered at the pictures displayed, but seemed to brighten somewhat when
she perceived what Martha had said. 

"Aww and Betty had her little heart set on this." I sighed. "Martha isn't their
something you can do for her? After all she is a good customer here, and she
just wants to suck some cocks! Money's not important .. Maybe she can wait
around and .. you know .. sort of fill in .. when one of the other gals .. is
busy or sick? She came all this way here all ready to suck!"

"Well I tell ya what I"m gonna do," Martha began thoughtfully, "seeing as how
you are a good supplier .. and she is a good customer and you say .. you
auditioned her .. and she is willing to work at it .. we'll let her spell Tonia
tonight during her breaks. If the customers like the change .. well .. she could
be my reserve .. cock sucker. OK??"

"Does she understand about the posing for the record photos with each customer?"
Martha asked me.

 "No she'll need some instruction for that." I answered, as I turned gran's face
to me "Well isn't that nice gran .. Martha's gonna let you try out for the
position of assistant .. We won't tell Celia .. about this .. just yet, but ..
if it doesn't work out .. We can see if she .. "

Betty's shoulders slumped. Her whole world went form roses, when she thought she
was rejected, to shit in no time at all.

While the shock was still setting in, we took her to the waxing room.

(Martha has all her new whores take a whole body bath by the nymphs and after
that a total body shave and wax!)

After that, Martha used the nozzle still in gran's ass to administer the wine
enema for her first night's working feeling.

While Betty was being prepared, I wondered around the brothel and found a very
friendly Lucy.  She was again being denuded of those peaky hair follicles.

At the sight of me, Lucy commenced to show her desire to .. go home. Her
desperation took the form of exhibiting her holes to their maximum effect. Seems
her tongue and face were soo tired of all those female behinds sitting on them,
she was tired and wanted to just go with me .. and get fucked .. any way but
FUCKED!

When I acknowledged her display, she proceeded to beg and promised all sort of
things if only I'd take her way. (Women all ways promise things .. Then they try
to change the deal .. quibble about terms .. etc..)

To test her resolve, I sat down on a hard wooden chair in the reception area.
She came right over, unlimbered mr stiffie, and proceeded to fucked her own ass
hole on mr stiffie, right there .. with gusto! Nice as you please. No need for
me to act or say one word.

And this time she really gave me a ride. She convinced me that she was mine and
wanted to go home with me.

But when I inquired, Martha informed me, she had a pair of lesbian feminists
schedule for Lucy's tongue the next hour. (Contractual obligations you know!) So
I informed Lucy that she would have to wait for her desire .. till the next
customers were done ..  but she seemed soo happy to be going home with me,
after, that I just didn't have the heart to refuse her for later.

While I waited for Lucy to get off 'work', a totally denuded Gran emerged form
her grooming session.

If she was shy before, now she was positively chlostrophobic. She did not want
to be even be seen out in the hall. Again I comforted her, with a little tit
fondling and holding her. (All females respond to a little handling in their
anxious state.)

But after looking her over, that way, I decided that she needed maybe a little
more silicone in her tits and ass. Maybe that would instill confidence in the
poor old crone, but the denuded state was definitely HER! The only thing missing
was a few tastefully placed rings! Well as soon as I could get around to it.

(I didn't have the heart to tell her that I decided then and there to keep her
this way for as long as I owned her. I mean the total lack of hair took many
years off her and made her all the more .. fuckable.)

"Now gran don't be like that! You look .. um .. positively lovely .. I mean a
little lipstick on your nipples, inside your slit and you'll be positively ..
radiant." I commented to instill confidence in her.

We went into cock sucker room #2. To refresh her and relieve mr stiffie, I had
gran gum me, while Martha and I instructed her on how to turn her head to pose
the mouthed dicks for their record photos with each customer. (Later on after a
little experience we'd work on the dick-in-throat photos. Patience! You have to
bring a bitch along gradually!)

We painted her lips and surrounding areas bright red, with very bright hard
wearing RED lip stick, to make it appear she was all cock sucker hole below the
nose and above the chin. (Pays to show off the merchandise!) Then we left gran
by herself, there in the room to wait for her first customer.

Martha and I decided that for her first night, gran would service only black and
hispanic dicks, as she was thoroughly ignorant of that kind of meat and needed
the experience.

Gran's first customer was an old black man of about 400 pounds. He had just got
off work and reeked of sweat etc. He wanted his cum and he wanted it quick!

Horrified at the very sight of him, gran tried to hide herself in the corner of
the sparsely furnished room, when I opened the door with him. I again had to
drop the name 'Celia' into my discussion of how she wanted to do John, to get
her mind back on her work.

Finally a reluctant gran crawled over to the putrid smelling crotch and unzipped
the man's fly. She had to fish around to find the rather small little male
organ. Then as it didn't seem to come up on it's own, gran finally managed a two
fingered grip on it. Secure in her grip the thing stretched form its home ..

Gran attempted to mouth the thing three or four times before she finally licked
it solid and managed to secure a lip lock on the miniature little sucker.

(Timeliness, and pausing for hairy mouth would have to be trained out of her. I
mean in business, when time is money, you can't have your cock sucker, stopping
every other moment to look for the dick or to spit out the pubic foliage. NO!
You want your sucker to get it out, suck it in, swallow the spunk, and smile
while closing it back up! Anything else is time wasted .. But .. well .. it was
her first time .. her first night .. commercially .. she would learn .. And
she'd have a lot of practice tonight, as Martha had given the other girl the
night off. Yes tonight would be gran's big night!)

After the john left, I critiqued her. Then I offered to find, and have 'Celia',
watch her videos if she did not improve. 

A sobbing gran forgot her problems. She resolved to do better next time.

A short fat mustached hispanic was her next customer. He hardly spoke any
english so Inez, Martha's resident whore/translator instructed gran that Mr
Lopez wanted a tongue bath of his genitalia.

Interesting as this sounds Mr Lopez felt my presence was not needed, so after
instructing gran to, "Be a good little cock sucker!" I left the room.

As Lucy was now finished, I recollared and lead her down to the car by leash,
for her trip back home.




                      Carol's Romance  # 10
                        by Paladin

During our entire trip back to her house .. amusingly, Lucy behaved herself like
a good little fuck bitch. She just knelt quietly on the front seat floor, face
between my knees, laving my balls.

Their could be no doubt, Lucy was ecstatic to be in the car, going wherever I
wanted to take her. To show her appreciation, at being let off 'work' she felt
anything was better.

The trip was uneventful. Amusing uneventful .. but soo satisfying to me and mr
stiffie!

When I stopped the car in the drive way of her home, she looked up from her
position, tonguing my balls, but stayed there till I commanded her ..

'UP!'

When her eyes came up over the dash, she saw ... we were at her home ..

She was ecstatic. She was home .. but ..

She knew better than to object, and so she did not object to being lead out of
the car, into her own drive way, by me, stark naked and on a leash.

To amuse myself, we took the scenic route, around her house, to the kitchen
door! I made her keep her hands behind her, out of the way, so that any of her
noisy neighbors, who were interested, could see all of her, they wanted to.

She didn't like it .. but she knew better than to object.

You could see the elation on her face when the kitchen door closed. She was so
happy to be inside, that she gladly let me direct her directly down the stairs
into her basement. There she saw, but didn't object to the tarp covered 'things'
in the center of the floor, or any of the other improvements, I had installed
down there. 

Then to keep up her disorientation, I blindfolded her, spun her around a few
times and finally chained her by her neck to a vertical support off from the
center of the floor.

Using some close line, I secured her ankles, wide open .. for easy access,  to
her denuded wet sex.

After fingering her gaping available facilities, I went about setting up the
trusty video camera. When it was ready, I removed my security tarp, and freeded
my young bitch, Carol, from the cage that had previously held gran. Before she
saw who else was 'free' I blindfolded her too.

With the video running, I had my now blindfolded Carol, laved, her own mother,
Lucy's, smooth crotch through three or so cums. Sort of a coming home present
from the daughter that started it all, to her own sweet mother. Heart warming
video ... NO?? AWW I keep forgetting, you haven't seen the videos.

Lucy was soo happy to be the recipient, of oral servicing, rather than the
giver, that all she did was stand there, spread legged and cum and cum!

She had been soo happy to be home, and now this!! Their were no complaints from
either of them. 

As Lucy was now the most experienced bitch, I possessed, (She'd seen the other
side of the business, as a worker bitch.) I decided to tried her out as my lead
bitch.

If she worked out at this, I meant to use her newly learned expertise to train
my other bitches. Who better to train bitches, than one who had experienced the
in's and out's .. of it all .. first hand.

After giving her a few minutes, to rest up from her cums, I unfastening Lucy
from the support, uncuffed her hands, removed her blind fold, freeded her
ankles, and gave her a short tit whip.

(I all ways feel women train so much better with sore tits!)

"Let's see if you learned any thing during your stay at Martha's. If you can
instruct my other bitches at what you've learned in the last few days, I may not
have to send you back to learn more. If not .." I instructed my learned bitch.

Together we released the remaining crones, and to make an even number I had Lucy
unfetter her daughter Carol. Then to give Lucy a chance, I stood back to watch
the 'lesion'. 

I have to admit she put little Carol, grandma, blondie and the dummy through the
world of various lesbian trysts, she had learned. All without even any
instruction or lesion plan.

As I watched .. I liked what I saw!

All I had to do was stand around and watch the pro, work her charges with
liberal amounts of correction from her tit whip.

Whenever she eyed me, I just motioned with my right hand to,

'Go Girl! Go!'.

Lucy started a little slow, at first, but when ever a crones balked, she went at
her work with a vengeance.  Viewing a 'pro' at work .. was ... well educational,
even for me. You had to be there .. or see the video.

Lucy, till the other day, a devout abstainer from all things sexual, was now
standing there in her basement, naked, tit whip at the ready, domineering over
other naked women, formally her friends and social equals. She was teaching the
tyros what she had learned, and experienced first hand, in a  brothel.

Who could have guessed the depths of knowledge, Lucy had come away with in the
fine art of rimming an ass hole, or other holes? Or ..

OH! Well I'm boring you .. again?

Let's just say my new bitch now possessed, untapped assets, I fully intended to
utilize in my future training of the crones I now possessed.

The only thing lacking was a comfy chair for my poor tired ass. That I'll remedy
in future.

So after viewing a shortened training session, I must admit, I was tired and in
need of ...

(Ok, ok, so mr stiffie and I were both horny as hell. Just the sight of all the
smooth white female skin assets of mine, moving about under Lucy's whip. Open
cracks, dangling titties, unfilled holes .. and  all were available to only me
.. uh us. The lesions contributed to our desire to bed-a-bitch or two or ....)

When I was about to cum in my pants, I called a halt, and supervised, as Lucy
put away her new toys. Next I took away her whip, leashed her again, and lead
her upstairs, to her own bedroom, which she indeed wished to share with me.
(Egar to no doubt, show me, the other talents she had acquired during her
'training'.)

You could see it in her smiling, denuded face, Lucy was soo happy. She knew she
had pleased me .. in the basement .. and now she would go to any length to
please us in bed ..

Carol, her daughter, though, had been unhappy. As Lucy covered her inside the
little cage with the tarp, for night-night. She pleaded, for she to, wanted to
be with her mommie and me .. upstairs in the soft bed. But, well, tonight was
Lucy's night with me, and besides I was tiring of Carol's holes.

Threesomes .. well that would come later ...

Upstairs I took my time, examining each and ever one of Lucy's 'naughty bits'.
Assuring myself that they were all still soft and supple. But after my
inspection, I decided Lucy was in needed plumper, longer, labia lips .. but it
was late, and I was tired. I had her lay down on her back, spread her legs wide
open, and then I make her hold her own ankles out and up, while I removed her
ass plug. Then I lay between her spread open sex .. and  fucked her ass hole
till I was sated.

To dispel any possessive tendencies she may have had, I then kicked her out of
the bed, and chained her under it on the floor.

As it had been a long day for me. So I quickly fell into a deep sleep.

I was soo tired!

When I awoke, I found I must have been really exhausted. I had slept through the
whole rest of that day. 

------

Upon awakening, I found that it was past the time for the draining and filling
of all my bitchs.

So after a wicked piss and quickie blow job, I pressed Lucy into service,  again
today. Despite spending the night on the cold floor, she proved an even greater
little helper than her daughter had been before.

She was, I have to say, a very much better tit-holder-helper than Carol, for the
filling of the older crones now forming up mammarys. I think it was her previous
experience with the bridge club members that made the difference.

Carol had 'helped' yesterday, but they must have been the first, someone else's
tits, the poor girl had ever held. She had been quite skittish about getting a
firm grip on the wrinkled old things. No doubt after a bit of instruction by her
mother, she'd improve.

Lucy, on the other hand, had no compunctions. She took a firm grip from the
first, on these old biddy's mammarys. She squeezed them tightly, knowing just
how to plump um up, for my fillings syringe. She even knew to twisted the tit's
soft smooth bulk, when ever the recipient crone balked, during my injection of
the silicone around the areola.

Yes sir! For Lucy, tit handling seemed to just come naturally. The tit filling
went quickly today. And I must say they were firming up nicely. Soon they'd be
sticking right out there .. and without any damn bras.

From the look on her face, as I injected the crones, I'd say Lucy actually
enjoying her work, especially as the ones being 'filled' were her former
friends, and bridge club members.

The old crones soon under stood, that their tits were in experienced hand this
time. They'd better behave or suffer twisted tits, in addition to the pain of
the syringe and internal expanding.

Next there was the task of draining and refilling the bitches bowels.

Carol and Lucy both helped with this chore.

This time, while the crones were squatting over the drain, under the all seeing
eye of the camera, waiting for release, I had them make individual dedications
for their individual videos features.

You know standard stuff .. like .. well ..

Grandma .. She dedicated her tape, to her young grandson, whom she confessed to
have secretly, sucked off, whenever he was in her care as a child. Seems she
just loved the sweet taste of his little boy cum.

My bitch, Blondie, well she dedicated her tape to her young niece, who she had
been molesting from birth. She just couldn't resist the sweet little girlie
nectar as it oozed from the little hairless pink slit on to her lapping tongue.

The dummy dedicated her tape to her infant granddaughter whom she had loved to
lick to orgasm, since the girl was 6 months old.

All the dedications had to be convincing, or .. well I could wait till they
confessed, convincingly .. their bowels just could not wait.

Further each crone provided a collection of dates, times and places where she
that had done 'the nasty things' alluded to.

The taping and such took up soo much time that I barely had time for my coffee
break.

After putting the old bitches away, I took my mother/daughter fuck pair
upstairs.

There I had them made my breakfast, while I supervised.

When my breakfast was ready, they had to stand over me as I feasted! It is soo
dick hardening to feast surrounded by naked available tits. You can have your
old masters, give me a few nice tits to look at, finger, pinch etc.

But when I tired of the view, I had Lucy and Carol kneel under the kitchen
table. There they shared my penis, while I finished my coffee.

It was good training for the pair. I wanted them to become accustomed to working
on a person(s) as team.

You know have one lick my balls when the other laps the dick head.

After smearing butter all over my crotch, and ass, the now starving bitches went
at me with their tongues with real GUSTO!

Don't believe me .. try it some time.

'AAA those tongues working all over your privates ...'

A sore mr stiffie reminded me that, I really have to get the pair and the
crones, some other practice dicks to play with, and train on. Then too they
needed a variety of types .. and I needed the rest.

Dildos were OK but lacked the .. warmth and variety of real dicks.

Really! I had to train out any shyness at working over strange dicks .. eye to
tongue, so to speak. But these things would come .. later .. and for now I had
only one dick for soo many tongues ... and holes .. So I just had to teach um
with my dick as best I could, till ..

(Their talents, together as a fuck pair, would make um, much more valuable for
me later .. you know .. if I decided to cash in my holdings.)

After my coffee, and another cum, I secured my mother/daughter fuck pair, face
to cunt (have to keep up their bi training) and locked them in the cellar.

It was time, I felt, for me to go see how old gran, my little old apprentice
cock sucker (gummer), was 'working out' in her new job/profession.

Drive her car down to the brothel, I found I liked how the big heavy luxury
vehicle felt under me fat ass.

As I emerged from the old elevator, Martha greeted me with a big smile. I knew
she was happy! It would seems that gran's older more matronly approach, to the
age old art of cock sucking, really got to her customers.

Martha was busting with pride at my old crone's labors. From her own lips I then
heard that gran was a hit with the bothels most difficult customers .. younger
males ..

You know the kind ..  First time partakers of a brothel's many, varied services,
very young patrons .. young boys!

Normally they wanted, but were either to shy to ask for, or couldn't really
express their wants, or were soo boisterous that they had to subdued and thrown
out before they were serviced.

Martha proudly showed me the long line of young football player types, waiting
for their turn to get into 'Cocksucker Room #2' and be serviced!

It would seem that word of gran's demure and winning, gumming style seemed to
have spread to all these youths, by word of .. what else .. mouth.

Seems these youngsters had never been gummed before. (Their girl and boy friends
did not have the necessary qualifications, now did they? Come to think of it you
probably haven't either ..)

"We've stumbled across a gold mine!" were the very words, Martha greated me with
as I wandered back to her desk.

(A decided improvement over our last meeting when Martha was skeptical of old
gran's appeal to the profession.)

Try as I might, the ill mannered Youths in line, would not let me into Room #2
to see, my bitch, old gran, .. even for a minute. They kept saying things like,

"Wait your turn!" or "Back of the line fella!" and shoving!

As I had all ready made one mess in Martha's, the other time. So I let the young
boys have their line. I did not kill .. even one of them.

But to observe the secrete of gran's appeal, Martha and I went around back to
the control both, to viewed the winning procedures.

A pimply faced, skinny, red headed, youth had just entered the Cock Sucker room
#2.

Now we could sit, watched, and find out the secrete of why gran was soo popular
with all these younger males.

At first, on the monitor, all you could see was the dark gloom of an unlit, Cock
Sucker Room #2.

When my eyes adjusted, to this, I could just make out, the small, little, old,
totally denuded, obviously female, creature crouched on a very low stool in the
center of the room.

(The wooden stained milking stool, was like one a farmer would use to milk his
cow.)

Gran's lily white skin, seemed to throw off a eerie glow into the otherwise
gloomy room.

This acted like a beacon to the advancing curious youth. As the stool was so
low, gran's knees were drawn up, nearly under her chin, necessitating her to
spread um wide for easy access to her customer crotch. This tended to show off
all her femaleness, along with her bald head, partially filled tits and gaping
open labia.

When the customer advanced, near enough, that they could just make out old
kindly gran, with her outrageously made up bald head, and over painted ruby red
lips, gran would begin to coo sweet overtures.
to calm their lads natural fears.

When the youth was close enough, Betty, to greet him, would smiled .. her talent
smile. (Drawing back .. way back  .. her painted red lips .. exposing .. her
major 'talent'.)

These youths had probably never seen such a thing before in his short life!

NO TEETH! were visible. Just the wet slippery gums! All right there, waiting
just to gum his little dick to a marvelous CUM!

All the while Betty was still cooing softly.

When he was close enough, kindly old gran, would reach out slowly, with her
boney old fingers and unzip the mesmerized  youth's stiff jeans.

Confidently, she would reach inside his crotch, search for, and finally extract
his little member. (In this case it proved to be a limp, rather skinny, little
speckled uncircumcised male organ.)

All the while Betty was offering soft, soothing, encouraging words of motherly
like excitement to overcome the natural embarrassment of the youngster as this
exotic creature cool hands, fondled, took hold of, and finally kissed his little
dickie right on the now hardening head.

Betty now held the speckled tube of flesh in her warming hands. Once she had a
firm hold of it .. she bent over and peered at the male organ, head on, looking
into the hole, (piss slit) and began to bring it down  to her large, now gaping
over painted red lips.

This resulted in the overheated red headed boy, before he wanted and before gran
could react with her opened her mouth and engulfed the little thingie into her,
old enough to be his grandmother, warm oral cavity!

Well this was an overheated boy .. so well ..  he shot his wad! All over the old
crone.

As we looked on, we saw the major secrete of gran's success .. she forgave the
young boy. So he had prematurely spewed his load not into but onto gran's old
face. But she did not get mad! She kept her grip on the rapidly shrinking
speckled thing. 

Still smiling, and just wiped the goo off her face with the back of her left
hand and proceeded to go back to gumming the now shriveled spent disgusting
little spotted thing back to life.

With calmness and patience gran shortly managed to get the little stiffie dick
back out of his tight jeans to it's full length again.

Quickly the warm moist hole assuaged his embossment. As the formally exposed
gums slip / sliding over his metus and was .. well .. for these youths .. erotic
.. 

(AHH to be a youth again, with all those hormones. Kindly old gran had his
little organ all stiff again, in no time at all! Gran gummed and hummed to him
this time. Again gran had done him, and this was the more satisfying second cum.
And it was all done still in under the five minute limit Martha places on her
cock suckers.)

The sheepishly looking youth broke out in, a labored smile and then as she
proceeded, elation. He was soo happy .. she was still endeavoring to gum the
last of his load out of his balls into her throat.

As I said before, the second cum takes longer .. but is soo much more
satisfying. Then too, none of his other cock suckers in Martha's employ would
have taken the time to go back on to the boy's satisfaction.

Afterwards, he was soo elated that he gave old gran a very generous tip.

As he was leaving, she called out,

"Thank you, you, young STUD ya! That's the tastiest load I've had all day. You
be sure and come on back to old Betty with your next load .. You hear?"

The lad murmured something and exited. Another satisfied customer!

The lads ego was soo big it's a wonder his old baseball cap still fit him, as he
strutted out into the hall, with that satisfied smile on his face!

As he strutted down the whole length of the hall's line of waiting customers, he
proclaimed to one, and all  ...

"That's the best BJ I've ever had!"  and

"You're gonna love it Sam." and

"Hold onto your balls, dude. That bitch 'll suck um out your dick!"

"IT'S THEM GUMS!"

(Probably the only one too, but let the lad have his fun .. He paid for it and
if appearances were any indication .. He'd be back .. and with all his buds.)

Another youth, short, dark, and grossly overweight, quickly entered Room #2 in
the red heads wake.

A naked old gran's shaky withered hands, had a time finding, let alone exposing,
the youth's microscopic, little dick from his tight trousers and thicket of
hairy crotch foliage.

"OH what a nice dick!" Gran exclaimed, at last, although I could see nothing of
the little thing, hiding there in the youth's pubic hair.

Gran leaned over from her perch, and reached into the zipper opening with her
soft puckered lips. Her cheeks hollowed inward and she commenced to suck on
something. She sucking like one possessed.

The youth's twitchness of  but, confirmed .. to me .. Gran had the boy's dick ..
as well as his undivided attention.



Martha went into a long drawn out accounting gobble gook, explanation of the
mere pittance she offered me. As I felt, I owed her,  I took the meager amount,
no complaints, this time. But I did have her give me copies, of all tapes of my
working bitches, from the files she kept on all her 'employee's' and customers
interactions.

We discussed the future use of my mother/daughter fuck pair. Martha promised to
actively seek some rich customers for this specialty servicing pair shortly.

It seems that their was a great lack of this type of specialty, in the area at
the moment and we anticipated good prices for they're employment. (But I made a
mental note to agree on compensation before I let her use my fuck pair. A
written agreement!)

Their was still a long line of impatient youths, waiting for gran's gumming
services, so I again left gran in Martha's care for another day or so.



When I arrived at my 'academy', I went right to work editing the various tapes,
obtained at the brothel. Why I actually got a woodie watching old gran
slobbering over some large long black dicked athlete type. From that and other
tapes, it was obvious that the old crone, really got off when some ones dick was
boring right down into and behind her tonsils, right into her esophagus. I mean
you could see the bulge in her wrinkled old throat and she too seemed to get her
rocks off ... too. (A happy old cock sucker! Go figure.)

So she turned a little blue. It was plain to see, gran really enjoyed it ..
afterwards.



The individual cut downs of the raw tapes, were coming along find, but I still
needed that spare dick or two to give my fuck pair and the old crones a good old
fucking out every hour or so .. I mean I'm only human ...

So I set about finding some 'new', well not really new .. but lets just say ..
hard to please, dicks for the old ladies to work on. The more disgusting the
better ...




                      Carol's Romance  # 11
                        by Paladin

Remember all ways, nothing succeeds, like success!

So remembering a past success, I set out for the down town area and Mike's usual
haunts. (Although any of his ilk would do for my purposes, I had a sentimental
attachment with him! His general lack of .. well .. let's just say everything
civil .. made him ideal for the job I had in mind.)

After a while of searching around, I found him! And as luck would have it .. he
wasn't alone.

The group of decrepit wrecks I found him with, were all lying / living in an
alley just around the corner from Mike's usual place of 'business'.

Satisfied that I had found my quarry's lair, I set about assembling the  tools I
required.

On my way out of my academy I taken a large box of the cheep wine with me. (It's
cheaper by the box!) But I still needed suitable transportation for my quarry.

A rental agency was happy to lend me an enclosed box, pick up truck for
transport. (No sense in stinking up my nice new set of wheels, and the locking
gate guaranteed no arguments.)

So now armed with the box of wine in the cab, I drove back to the place where I
had found the happy little group of bums I needed.

I was in luck. They were all still there, in various states of consciousness
when I returned. They seemed to be just waiting for my call!

Parking at the open end of the alley, I exited the truck's cab, armed  with only
the large box of the cheep wine, I had been using to mellow out the crones.
Wearily I approached the leery, resting/passed out motley crew of derelicts.

As I approached them, every open, blood shot eye of the group was trained,  not
on me, but on the heavy cardboard box of wine I was carrying .. Me .. I was just
annoying conveyance to them.

As I steadily advanced into their midst I shook the golden liquid in the box,
nosily, to herald my approach.

"Mike .. Mike? Don't you remember me?" I asked in a conversational tone of
voice.

Mike's eye slits gave no sign of recognition, so I had to jog his hazy memory
further.

"Aw Mike you must remember me .. You do remember the naked girl .. though ..
don't ya? Remember her .. she gave you a blow job the other day? You remember??"
I went on.

When I got no response, from Mike, I resorted to my ultimate weapon ... I shook
the container to the maximize.

The sloshing sound it was making, was slight to passers by but to these winos it
was a clarion's call to drink! As I walked further into their midst, it seemed
to hold more of their attention than I ever could.

(If they were lions, I'd of used raw meat to attract um, but these were just
'men' or well something just like men .. and the cheep wine was incentive enough
to obtain their absolute, undivided attention, and of course convince them of my
good intentions. (Almost!) )

"Listen mister, that shit head tried to tell us some shit, but we knew, he was
shit face, when he came back here, babbling about a naked woman and how she blew
him .. We knew he probably imagined it all !" came the reply form over on my
left. "We all know him. Just look at him! What chick would even spit on him let
alone go down on that disgusting thing he pees with. Mikie here ain't the most
reliable of observers, now is he."

A hair ball spoke with the gruff voice of an educated man, but the dark blue or
black suit, that he covered himself with had long since gone past seediness to
almost rags. His face was almost totally obscured by a pile of black, gray and
catsup colored hair hanging all over and around his head in tangled random
clumps.

After a half turned to the left, I addressed the small knurled decrepit creature
in filthy rags eyeing me warily.

"Didn't the $20, she paid him for his servicing, show you fools that he was
telling the truth?" I inquired again shaking the box to keep the groups minds on
it's contents.

All the blood shot eyes remained riveted on the container, uninterested in the
banter of myself and the former educated drunk.

"$20! She gave you $20! You old fool!" Hair ball spat at old Mike,  "Mister, you
bring her around here ... UUUU .. and I'll let her do me for ... $ 10 ... or ..
"

Another voice off to my right called out, as, hair ball tried to rise unsteadily
to his feet. Once upright the bum started the stagger gate he used for motion,
towards me and the carton with it's precious load of nectar of the gods.

"G' me $5 .."

Another reply something I did not understand, came from further along the left
side of the alley.

As now the bidding was now underway, the crowd was becoming ambulatory, fighting
their way to their feet, and lurching toward me ... and their GOAL! The box! 

Cautiously, now that I had their attention, I started to slowly back  away from
the gathering crowd. The grizzled group of derelicts, followed me in a rough
semicircle with their unsteady gates. Of the group of about 8 laying there in
the alley, only 6 seemed to be able, or willing to rise up and attempt to follow
the boxed inducement I held in my hands ...

Well that was sufficient for my needs .. for now.

When they had backed me up to the open metal pick up truck's metal box, I
hastily slid the unopened container inside the gaping chasm, way back out of the
way, toward the far wall of the truck's interior.

Then, like a matador, evading the charging bull, I slid sideways totally out of
their line of charge. They quickly forgot all about me.

The six disgusting specimens, staggered up to, crawled over the tail gate, and
readily crawled deep inside the dark metal box in pursuit of their goal. Once
they got to the treasure, they commenced to fighting over the possession of it
and the treasure, inside the cardboard and it's plastic liner.

Now that they were all safely inside, and occupied, I hastily shut the sliding
metal door and threw the lock closed.

SUCCESS!

The bellows of the metal box's inhabitants were slow in coming, but seemed to be
mostly about the spoils of the liquid treasure inside the cardboard box, rather
than the fact that they were now all trapped inside a metal enclosure, in the
dark.

Priorities!

Quickly though, so that the noise of the derelicts shut up inside, did not
attract attention, I got into the cab and drove the truck away. They were all
now being transported to my 'academy'.

As we drove, the wine did it's calming job. Soon the shut up group grew scilent.
Dead drunk, more likely, I hopped, but if not, then I'd deal with that too.

Out in the drive way of Lucy's house, as I did not want their vile stench inside
the house. I had  my fuck pair climb inside the truck, and retrieve the now
comatosely drunken members of the group, one by one.

I stood by incase any of the derelicts resisted, but it seemed they were all
'resting', so my fuck pair had no problems with them.

At my direction the fuck pair, laid all 6 of the 'new trainers' out on the shrub
shrouded front lawn of Lucy's place and stripped them of their rags. It was then
I got a real shock! 

There together with the disgusting collection of men .. we found .. One of the
formally non descript group ... proved to be  ... FEMALE!

Rather shop warn .. deliriously drunk, like all the others .. but definately
female ... as in no hangie down part ... DAMN!!!

After going to all this trouble to find this fine collection of disgusting dicks
for the old biddies to practice on, I come up with another cunt! 

Middle aged, sloppy from years of alcohol ingestion .. but definitely female.

Oh well, when you cast a wide net, you never know what you're gonna come up
with. So I'd just have to make do! Why couldn't she be  ... a dog or ..
something else useful .. as I was kinda overstocked on cunts here at the moment.

My fuck pair were then instructed to hosed down the odiferous lot, (front, back
and sideways) with the outside garden hose, to try to get something reasonably
clean,  and at least neutral smelling, crotches for my old biddies to work with.

At my direction, Carol took all the discarded clothes out into the back yard
barbecue pit, and burned them. It was the only way. The local health department
might be attracted to the stench, had we left um for the normal garbage pick up,
in a few days time.

Next I had my fuck pair drag the drunken group, one by one, down to the cellar
and chain each of them laying on their backs, to separate cellar support
pillars.

Remembering last days training session and how tired I got standing around, I
had my fuck pair bring down a comfortable chair from the living room and placed
it in the center of the cellar's floor, for my poor tired ass. ( I mean why
should I have to stand around, when I could sit their and direct the action in
comfort?)

Even hosed down, these lot were vile smelling, but 5 of them, had the proper
practice material for my crones. Besides my bitches had to learn to work with
what ever the customer had to work with.

We secured #6 to a support, off to the back of the cellar. We stood her up, and
spread her legs out, to sort of, provide another practice cunt for my training
bitches.

As it was vital to keep video records, I myself set up and started the video
cameras. I knew the following session would make interesting footage to add to
the individual features I was creating.

When the proportions were done, I had Carol, go let grandma out of her cage.
Then while Lucy stood guard over her, Carol uncuffed, ungaged, and help Alice to
sat and up straight.

Totally unfettered, a very disorientated and unsteady Alice looked around the
cellar. Her eyes stopped at me. Glaring at me, grandma had also perceived the
new displayed male nudity 'laying about'.

Her facial expressions and demeanor informed me that she was unaccustomed to all
these exposed male organs. She sought to shrink back from the presence of all
those flaccid disgusting male organs. Turning her spiteful gaze right at me, she
started her rant .. 

"Wha .. What wo you .. You do .. I won .. "

Smiling at her tirade, I just sat there, silent, in my comfy chair and waited
with a rather bored expression on my face, till she tired herself out.

(It's all ways better, I've found, to let um get it all out of their systems,
then when they run down .. They have built themselves up, way up .. Then you
take over. Seize control ... HARD!)

(Oh ya, never, never, get into a screaming match with any of your bitches. Just
a waist of breadth .. really!)

"Lucy two across grandma's the tits for all her disrespect!" I said in a low
steady voice when I was sure, grandma's tirade had run down. I even waved my
hand .. regally ...  at Lucy.

Grandma hadn't even perceived Lucy's naked presence beside her, or the tit whip
in Lucy's now experienced hand. But when the tit whip cut into her left breast
.....

"NNANAOAOIIFDDNAS" grandma screamed! And as the stripe reddened across her ample
mammary, she turned slightly to her left .. just in time to see Lucy's right arm
descending again, with another strike for her other totally exposed right tit
this time.

Caught there stunned at the pain of the previous stroke, she now found the tit
whip cutting into her other, breast.

"NNANAOAOIIFDDNAS" again she bellowed, but louder this time. Now through the red
haze of chest pain, she had the presence of mind to cover up both the aching
mammarys with her crossed arms. She also tried to assume the half crotch
'protect the tit pose', but, I wasn't having any of that either.

"Carol one across that fat ass of hers and make it HARD!" I ordered with a nod
of my head. Carol swung the long thick rubber belt in an underhanded arc to
contact the soft stuck out underside of grandma's voluminous white skinned ass.

Alice's meaty ass made a very good fleshy sound with the firm fleshy contact.

Again Alice bellowed! This time, seeking to protect her now wounded ass, she
straightened up ram rod straight, and tore her hands from her aching breasts to
covered her now striped lower ass cheeks.

"I hope we understand each other grandma." I began as Alice stood there glaring
at me, "I can just sit here, and have you're old hide cut, into hundreds of
small pieces if you prove yourself to be obstinate. Now do we understand each
other?" 

Alice didn't answer but continued to glare her hate at me so I demanded!

"NOW I WANT YOU TO GO OVER THERE .. PICK OUT A DICK .. ANY DICK .. ONE TO YOUR
LIKING .. KNEEL DOWN  AND ORALLY SERVICE IT!"

With her still smarting ass and tits, grandma knew, she was beaten. She knew, I
could just sit there, in my easy chair, and have her beaten .. till she
acquiesced. So now still holding her now throbbing ass with her right hand and
trying now to cover her tits with her left, she stepped reluctantly to her
right. My fuck pair followed her .. wearily .. weapons at the ready ..

Trying to keep us all in sight grandma, looked over the selection of available
bum's dicks, and made her choice. Still reluctantly she positioned herself
before a relative clean crotch, knelt down and began to assess this one in
relation to the other available of male organs for her ministrations.

I must say the pickings were meager at best and vile smelling to boot. Well
trust grandma to find a nice one for her mouth ministrations.

She glanced up at me, looking for a way out of this, but when I nodded
smilingly, with hatred in her eyes, she went on with her observations of this
specimen.

Finally she settled down and began to seek out the dick hiding in the crotch
foliage of the nearest derelict, a thin emaciated little guy.

Unabatedly Alice's right hand reached into the bums crotch and began her
searched for the very small dick hiding in his unkempt no doubt smelly pubic
hair. All the while she kept her face far away from the 'action'.

Frugally, Grandma turned slightly to the right, attempting now to find the
little organ, with her dainty right thumb and for finger .. keeping her froning
face and old wrinkled body as far away from the junction as her stout arms could
manage.

Her search although long, was .. well unsuccessful .. or if it was successful,
the little thing was too small or too slimy for her regal digits to grasp and
retrieve.

She turned her venomous gaze back at me and spat out,

"It isn't going to work! He's too drunk. I can't!"

"Now! Now! Grandma .. You made your choice! You picked that one! And now you're
insulting him? I'll tell you what .. let's make it an interesting contest. Put
your hands behind you back! NOW! Good! Bend over and get your face right down
there, so you can really see where the dick is."

"You'd better get to it grandma or I'll have ... Good that's better!"

"But he smells!!" Alice cried out but she was too afraid of my fuck pair to move
back from her bent over position.

"Oh come on ... Your gonna get that smell till you do your new job, so get to
it. Find that dick. Hurry up! And when you find it, you go after it like when
you were a little girl, and  you were bobbing for apples at Halloween! And to
make it more interesting, what say, for every 10 seconds you don't get hold of
the mans wiener .. You'll get one stroke to your tits after your done."

"DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"

A reluctant grandma sat up looking at me in horror covering her mammarys with
both arms.

Lucy stepped up closer to the kneeling crones and raised her whip in
preparation. Lucy's face was one of pure joy!

"Lucy pleas... You know .." grandma begged her former friend, defensively
covering her all ready stripped mammarys ..

"Yea liked when you were fucking me up the ass with that dummy! Well I'm just
gonna love whipping your tits, Alice. I can tell you it hurts like blazed,
doesn't it? Well?" Lucy spat at the bridge party leader.

A defeated grandma fearing her former friends vengeance, quickly leaned over
again and attempted to vacuum up the reluctant little thingie from where ever
it's hiding place was.

"Mother of GOD! I'm gonna be devoured .. Call her off! Call her off!  The bitch
looks like a cannibal to me !" cried the bum rattling his wrist cuffs
helplessly, and attempted to turn over away from Alice's sucking mouth. (Grandma
must have scraped his meat with a tooth or two.)

"10 seconds! That's one across the tits! Careful grandma .. Now don't bite him
.. Treat him like a valued customer. Of I'll have to punish your tits anyway!" I
cautioned the big white ass I could see attempting to service the reluctant bum.

Grandma grasped the thin hips of the bum and held him firmly under her suction.

"AAAA! Make her quit mister! She's too old .. I !!!!! She's too rough .. with my
..."

"20 seconds! Alice!" I called out.

Alice's ass started to bob up and down in unison with her mouth.

"30 seconds! Alice!" I called out.

The bum attempted to play 'keep the dick away from Alice' by constantly twisting
and turning his pelvis, all the while, keeping up a steady stream of complaints
real or immajined about the old crone's technique.

Grandma looked up each time I called out the elapsed seconds and then dove her
face back with renewed vigor!

"Alice? You've been at it for 40seconds! That's 4 stroke across those  tits of
yours!" I reminded grandma.

Alice did not rise to the bate this time. She just kept on working at the bums
organ with hollowed cheeks .. and finally she managed to bring a growling grunt
from the bum.

His tirade cease and he seemed quiescent!

Grandma Alice had either drew out the bums cum .. of bit off his wiener ..

A smiling grandma's head rose from her bent over position.

Unsteadily she got up on her feet. Her open lips were coated with a small
trickle of yellowish goo. Now tell tale cum shown so she had done the deed!
Grandma was a cocksucker .. of bums.

"Now that wasn't soo difficult .. WAS IT? Cock sucker." I inquired of the
triumphant bitch..

"Stand up straight there .. hands behind your back .. Smile Alice! Now we all
know you are a cocksucker! Lucy as she was a successful sucker let's just say
four to each tit for her lack of technique and forget the rest." I ordered.

Grandma started to voice an objection but I quickly added ..

"And if she doesn't cooperate .. it will be FIVE each!"

Grandma shut her yap. She took her four, asking for each, and thanked Lucy
profusely afterwards and recounted her offense after each .. correction.

Carol regaged her, chained her arms and was then replaced her in her cage .. for
safe keeping ..

After covering the Alice's cage mr stiffie reminded me .. 

 

That honor, I decided to bestow on the very lightly used crone, the fourth one
.. the dummy .. for those of you who must have lables, her name was Lora!

Till now Lora had not seen much action, a little lezzi stuff, a little shave the
next bitch ..  but as yet, none of the old in and out .. and so she was
therefore unfucked .. by me .. But I decided to have 'my way with her' now!

When Carol had unpacked my dummy fuckee from her cage, I began my instructions
to her, by saying,

"Lora, dear, we've been neglecting you, up to now! But I find myself all tensed
up, and in general, in need of a really good old fastened mother fuck boy
thing."

 "What do you thing? A good looking cunt like yours .. could you see your way to
using it .. on me?"

My idea of sweet talk, to the naked old woman standing there shaking before me,
rubbing her wrists and peering about wearily, from me to my fuck pair, their
devices and back again, did not have the calming effect I wanted.

Laura looked about at all the casual observers, laying about, the drunken bums,
and then back at me. Panic filled her face, when her mind comprended my desire,
like as if, I'd asked her to cut off a tit!

Shaking her head 'no', she tried to back away from all of us .. No doubt she
felt she was going to shrink back into the solid brick wall and evade, 'the fate
worse than death' .. mr stiffie!

But my faithful bitch, Carol, cut off her retreat, and delivered a leasurely
overhand stroke, to Lora's fresh white ass cheeks.

"AAAJAHAHJJJ!!" Lora cryed, staggered forward, and sought to cover both her ass
cheeks with both her hands.

"Now Lora .. look what you made us do!" I said. "Your not a virgin .. you've
fucked men before?? Or were you exclusively lezzie?? 'No!' OK! So now all I want
is for you to just come over here and use that thing on ME! or else .. I have
you spanked .. "

Sobbing she shook her head 'yes', this time. Keeping her eyes down cast .. and
her hands covering her smarting ass.

"That's a good girl! Now come over here and spread your legs for me, so that I
can inspect your cunt .. You don't want me to get a rash. If you've grown a crop
of stubble there in the past days I may have you ..." I demanded.

Lora came over, all the while keeping a wary eye on Carol and her rubber belt,
and stood in front of me slightly off to my right side.

She shuttered some as I began my manual inspection of her recently shaved cunt
and exposed sex slit.

She wanted to object, but didn't. She turned on the waterworks though, when the
my forefinger sought to sound inside her, oh so dry vagina.

"Your cunt is ok, but by tomorrow we'll have to have you all shave each other,
again. Lucy, you remember that for me .. I can't remember everything! BUT Lora
your cunt hole is DRY! Now that's either unfriendly .. or shy? .. Doesn't not
matter which .. I want you to correct it,  your cunt's dryness! .. Now!" I
demanded and then I sat back and waited.

She looked at me like I was speaking Greek or something. She didn't have a clue!

"You know .. strum the button .. ?" I said.

Still no recognition shown in her face. So I positioned her before my chair
about 2 feet from me, took hold of her left index finger and  stabbed it into
her slit while saying,

"Lora you do want to please me ? Don't you?" 

The head bobbed up and down slowly, but the finger remained rigid and unmoving
on it's own.

"WELL? ... Come on ..." I took her right hand, as she might be a right handed
wanker ..  and stuck that at the top of her slit. "You know how .. You do it
every night alone. Now go on .. Do it for ME! Theirs nobody here but us .. "

Recognition shown as her face. It took on a deep red shade and now both of her
hands flew to cover her face.

She knew what I wanted .. But she wasn't any too happy to knowing!

"Carol .. again" I ordered.

Swapp!

Carol complied and Lora just grunted, but kept both of her hands covering her
reddening face.

"Lora we can do that till your poor ass is reduced to hamburger .. So you'd best
get on with it. .. Carol .."

SWAppp

This time Lora's right hand left her mouth and tried to protect her but.

"Carol" I said.

SWAPP

"AAAIAIAA!" Lora cryed and her left hand followed her right to attempt to
assuage the hurt on her now striped ass cheeks.

"Lucy!" I said.

Swappp

Lora's left tit flamed and she tried to turn away from the new onsloat.

"Lora turn back here. Now we can keep this up all day .. are you going to be a
good girl? Or do we have to have you flayed live?"

This seemed to convince her.

Lora's right hand sought out the top of the delicate fold at the head of her
crotch. (She was a right handed wanker!) And then, starring at the far wall,
Lora attempted to comply with my request.

(Ever see a bitch try to make it herself? In front of an audience? Well try to
some time. They go all shy and stuff on ya. They try to convince ya they don't
do that .. nasty stuff .. but they all can and do ..)

Lora was overly slow, it being her first time for public viewing, so I let her
work her little button at her own pace, for a while and then I  got tired and so
I demanded ...

"Hurry up .. Use your other hand if you have too .. you know ..  play with your
nipples .. Lora .. now come on now .. we all know you know how! Now get with it
or do I have to have .. "

The reddish skin of embarrassment expanded from the tip of her hairline  right
down to her tits .. but her left hand sought out, and grasped her right nipple.
Reluctantly she began to softly twist it, knowingly. (Now we were getting some
place ..) After few more minutes of these manipulations, the dummy had both her
big brown nipples standing out from the sea of white tit flesh nicely.

"You see, Lora, you knew how .. all the time! Next time you try to deceive me
I'll have your tits beaten!"

Lora took a quick, sheepish look around and that told us .. She had felt no one,
but her knew, she ever masturbated, in the privacy of her bed.

"STOP!" I demanded.

Lora looked up horrified as she stopped, but now she kept her hands at their
stations, ready to resume their pleasurable tasks, at my commands.

"DOWN!" I ordered.

Lora looked at me questioningly, but at my hand signal, she lower herself, with
Carols 'help', till she found herself kneeling between my legs trying not to
stare directly at mr stiffie's inquisitive black hole with her own brown eyes.

"Now to get me in the mood .. gum me .. a little   .. and oh you can go on with
your nasty fingering of your own dirty little sex hole." I informed her rubbing
mr stiffie over her dry parched lips.

Lora was sure she was going to be sick! She attempted to lean back away from mr
stiffie's touch, but Carol's hands held her head in it's proper place.

"Come on! Come on! Lora! Or I'll let some one else do it and you can practice up
on one of these disgusting dicks for them." I said pointing out the naked
disgusting bums laying about us on the floor all around.

One look at the alternative, and Lora put away her scruples, ovaled her mouth
and drew in my now throbbing organ. But she was a tyro!

I say that, as she had loosely closed her lips over mr stiffie's helmet, and
just held him in there, just inside her moist oral cavity hoping that was
enough.

Warm and comfy as it was it obviously was not good enough!

"Don't just hold it in there you bitch! ... Use your tongue .. or do I have to
have. .. I'm not one of your patient former mouth fuckers. I want you to put
yourself into it .. or .. else .. "

Suddenly a soft little thing, swabbed my dick head. And then it  commenced to
treating mr stiffie to a good dick head lapping.

"Now that's better Lora, but I like more tongue lapping. Harder! You obviously
know how ..  so now .. show me your, 'around the world' like action. You shy old
whore .. you .. "

Lora looked up at me with that cute expression, all whores have when they have
your dick in their lips and they are working it well.

The experienced tongue began to mess about .. slowly .. but with such a light
touch. Lora had played this game before! The bitch!

She soon gave mr stiffie a raging hard on and I felt it was prudent to stop and
get this crone to show me some of her other tricks.

Pushing her head off mr stiffie, I demanded,

"Stand up! Turn around! Back up! Now squat down! Place him in that wet cunt
your's You old whore, you. .. "

Though the position was awkward, Lora knew the game. Soon she had her cunt
grommet nipping at mr stiffie's helmet.

I'd of never believed that this old crone had this much experience. What I had
here was a snapping pussy .. Genuine prime experienced snapper..

"It's ok Lora. You can go on with your clit strumming. I like my whores to have
a good time too."

Lora lowered both her hands to her crotch, and as she fucked herself up and down
on mr stiffie, she masturbated herself through any number of frantic cums.

If I didn't know better I'd think she was peeing on me, as she came soo much.
But the whore was enjoying herself .. and soo was I!

It was contagious! Mr stiffie spit his cum into her spasming hole too!

"You've done this before you old whore!" I exclaimed as I pushed my bowl legged
fucker away form the now softening mr stiffie.

"Let's see if that old, snapper, of yours is still in good working order,  .. Go
over there and show us how you'd do fuzz ball there." I said indicating the
naked educated drunk.

Lora was reluctant. She'd done her bit .. or so she felt .. but I was determined
to hold her to a higher standard. (When you find natural talent .. you just
gotta exploit it.)

Using a variation of the squat, she used to fuck mr stiffie, Lora spread her
feet wider, on either side of fuzz ball's crotch, and proceeded to lower that
gaping cunt of her's over his flaccid organ.

Then using it like a snake charmer's flute, Lora's cunt, enticed the long unused
organ to rise up to mate.

The snapping cunt took possession of fuzz balls dick and was soon milking it to
a respectable hard on.

Satisfied that the old girl knew her way around a dick, I demanded,

"Now do the next one, the little indian fellow. Come on Come on!"

Lora had not cum herself so she was reluctant to leave fuzz ball but at my gaze,
she moved her ass on down the line.

Fuzz ball was not happy, but his opinion was not needed ..

The indian guy was no match for Lora and her snapping pussy. His dick seemed to
explode almost as soon as her gaping pink grommet began to gnaw on it.

He obviously hadn't had it in quite a while, as copious amounts of white goo
spirited up into Lora and also bathed her naked pubs.

"Lora you're natural. That cunt of yours will be making me lots of money and you
will reap many, many happy cums. What more could a whore want." I inquired of my
latest find.

Lora lowered her head and began to frantically wipe up the cum coating her
privates.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





