BDSM Library - Tina And Her Mother




Tina And Her Mother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tina and her mother meet some nasty men.
Tina And Her Mother

I would dearly love to know you and Tina better, in a more intimate way shall we
say; maybe a surprise visit to your home while hubby is away? You first as I
said so Tina knows what will happen to her, seeing her `mommy` brutally raped
and made to suck cock from total strangers. Can you see her tear stained face as
she watches you getting raped in front of her? She would be sobbing and crying
for you, wanting you to make it stop. But you can't make it stop because you
have your cunt full of cock, fucking you hard. Can you feel it inside you?
Filling you, making you scream with pain as your dry cunt is ripped apart by
this rapist's hard cock. Then you feel his cum splash into your unprotected womb
as he cum's inside you. Calling you names as he spurts inside you, names like
`Whore... Cunt... Fucktoy...Slut...`. As he pulls out of you another takes his
place, another cock pushed into your cum filled pussy. You are slick now with
the first mans cum and therefore the next man finds you wet and easy to slide
into. He fucks you just as hard as the first man, driving into you; no
compassion, no mercy. The other men round the room are watching you getting
raped and drinking your liquor, commenting on your body, shouting and cheering
the man that's raping you. Can you hear them? 

While this is happening I am sitting next to Tina, my arm around her shoulder.
She is scared of me but is more concerned with the men who are hurting her
`mommy`. Eyes wide with fear as she watches another man lie on top of her
`mommy` and push his `thingy`, as her `mommy` calls it, into her. The sight of
you getting gang-raped is stimulating but I am more interested in Tina and what
I have planned for her and her young body. As another man gets ready to rape
you, stroking his cock to get hard as the second man cums inside you I take
Tina's hand and lead her away. She turns her head back just in time to see the
third man sit on your chest and push his cock into your mouth. Can you feel
yourself gagging as this cock is pushed deep into your throat? I also look back
and smile at the sight of you, cum trickling out of your bruised and swollen
cunt. You struggle harder to get up when you see Tina being led away out of the
room. Your pain, your humiliation forgotten as you realise that Tina might now
be subjected to the same ordeal. The man fucking your mouth slaps you hard and
you fall into a daze, your head spinning. 

Holding Tina's hand firmly I lead her upstairs to her bedroom, away from the
noise of you getting gang-raped; the shouts of the men and the screams from you,
your crying and sobbing. Tina's bedroom is like any other young girls; toys,
teddy bears, frills and lace. I lead Tina to the bed and sit her down while I
move round the room examining the contents. I pick up her discarded school
uniform and smell her scent on it. A scrap of white on the floor, her panties
that she had worn that day; I pick them up. Standing in front of Tina I put her
panties to my nose and inhale the smell of her little cunt. Tina can't believe
what she is seeing and she wrinkles her face in disgust, I just smile at her.
Still standing in front of her I throw her dirty panties at her and they hit her
in the face, she starts to cry. She is wearing pyjamas with cute pictures of
bunnies on and I feel myself start to get a stiff cock thinking of her young
body so close. I start to undo my shirt and she looks up, her tearful eyes wide
with fright as she sees this strange man undressing in her supposedly `safe`
bedroom. She starts to shout for her `mommy`, her cries rising in volume as I
unzip my trousers.

Pushing my trousers down and off I stroke my hard cock in front of her. Tina
jumps from the bed and runs to the door, frantic now to get away from me.

A couple of steps and I have caught her and start pulling her back to the bed;
she struggles and squirms. Can you hear her screams and shouts from downstairs?
Picking her up I throw her onto her bed and I move to stand next to the bed,
naked. Reaching down I grab Tina by her ankles and drag her to the edge of the
bed. I then lean down and try to kiss her on the lips, she twists and turns
desperate to avoid my kiss, she is so scared! Getting angry I slap her face, she
looks at me stunned. Do you smack her by the way, do you spank her? I think
little girls should be regularly taken across the knee and their cute ass's
spanked; do you agree? The slap to her face stops her struggle and I invade her
mouth with my tongue and kiss her hard, this turns me on even more, giving Tina
her first wet, sloppy kiss! Reaching for her pyjama bottoms I start to tug them
down her legs and she grabs onto them tight, desperate to keep them on. But she
is no match for my strength and with a ripping noise they tear and Tina sobs as
she is exposed. Tina is wearing cute white panties and I almost cum there and
then as I see them. I love little girls when you first see them in their cute
panties, don't you? I put my finger against Tina's little slit and press her
panties into her cunt, she twists and turns, trying to get away. I can't wait
any longer to have Tina so I put both hands on the waist band of her panties and
tug them off quickly, she gives a little squeal as they slide down her legs. I
grab her ankles and spread her legs wide, exposing her little slit; she looks so
tiny, how am I to get my huge cock in there? I look at Tina's face and see her
crying for you, her mommy, and sobbing, as she sees me lean down to her. Holding
my cock I direct it against her cunt, she stiffens when she feels it touch her.
I have no compassion, no mercy inside me as I push into her. Her little slit
opens slowly to accept the head of my cock, her face grimacing in pain as she
struggles to accept what is happening to her. Pushing into her, all my body
weight behind my cock as I penetrate her cunt, filling her, hurting her. She is
letting out this high-pitched scream, over and over. Can you hear her? Or is the
noise of your gang rape drowning out your daughter's screams for mercy, her
screams for her mommy?

I look down and see blood seeping out around my cock from Tina's abused, sore
cunt. This gives me some lubrication and I proceed to fuck Tina, hard. Her
little body is bouncing on the bed during my rape of her, my cock like a piston
driving in and out of her. Soon I can feel my balls tighten as I start to reach
climax and with a shout I explode inside Tina. Streams of cum shoot into her
unprotected womb, filling her up with my seed, mixing with her blood and then
trickling down her thighs. I collapse on top of her, breathing hard, cock still
buried deep inside her. I pull out of her when my cock stops twitching and stand
looking down at her. Can you imagine how she looks? Still clad in her pyjama top
but her legs spread obscenely wide, her cunt red and raw from my sustained
assault on her and the mess between her legs, blood and cum everywhere. Reaching
down for her discarded panties I wipe my cock clean, Tina doesn't move, she just
lays there, eyes glazed.

I wonder downstairs just in time to see another man shoot a load of cum into
your face as another man fucks your cunt. I shout for quiet and they all stop
and look at me, all in various stages of drunkenness, and I tell them that Tina
is now open for customers, first come first served. As the men rush to the door,
all eager to gang rape Tina I tell them that her ass is still virgin and that
spurs them on even more as now they are in a race to be the first one to take
Tina in the ass. I look down at you, your body bruised and your cunt red and
sore, your face and hair covered in cum, subjected to multiple rapes. I smile as
I see the look on your face as you realise that Tina is about to endure the same
ordeal...     




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Man Ray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





