BDSM Library - The Adventures of Sara




The Adventures of Sara
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young girl discovers a dark side to her uncle.
                                          The Adventures of Sara

Fit and healthy and very attractive, she had sparkling blue eyes and her short
brown hair framed a beautiful face. Sara kept her body fit and toned with a
daily run each morning. Sexually experienced from an early age, by virtue of the
attentions of her Uncle, she had come to accept her desires, no matter what the
rest of the world might think of what she wanted and desired. She remembered how
as a little girl her Uncle had come to her bedroom and played a game with her,
tickling her legs and thighs. This had developed further until one night, when
she was sixteen; she had woke to find herself in her bed, with her panties round
her ankles and her Uncle sliding his fingers in and out of her virgin cunt. Sara
had felt so strange as her body responded to the thick fingers of her uncle as
he spread her pussy wide open. Gasping and shaking with a mixture of fear and
lust she experienced her first orgasm; her Uncle pushing his fingers deep inside
her as she writhed on her bed. This had become a nightly ritual when she stayed
over at her Uncle's house but it had never progressed any further. Though she
had wanted it to, desperately wanted her Uncle to take her, to fuck her hard;
she came to look forward to the nightly visits as something had awoke in her, a
need, a desire. When she was at home she would lie awake at night, her pyjama
bottoms round her ankles as she played with herself, thinking of her Uncle. She
used a large rubber dildo, which she had bought when she was in London on a day
trip with some friends; how they had giggled and laughed as they browsed through
the seedy sex-shop; Sara had kept secretly looking over at the man behind the
counter as he leered at them. On the way home as the other girls slept on the
coach she had pulled her skirt up and pushed her hand down her panties and given
herself a pulsating orgasm as she imagined what the man behind the counter would
have done to her had she been on her own. Sara had rubbed her clit as she
visualised the rough, un-shaven face of the seedy man forcing kisses on her as
his hands pulled and tugged at her clothing, her panties torn as he pushed his
cock deep inside her cunt.
When she was at her Uncle's house in the summer she had taken to wearing skimpy
clothes; a bikini or swimsuit, shorts and a tight t-shirt. This was to entice
and tease her stern Uncle and Sara had felt her Uncle's eyes on her body as she
moved round the house but he had not made a move to touch her except at night
when he came into her room. The room was always in darkness when he entered, he
wore a black dressing gown and the only sound was his breathing and Sara's gasps
and squeals as he finger fucked her to orgasm. Once her hand had brushed against
his stiff cock as he leaned down to kiss her cheek goodnight after he had
finished with her. But that was all; he had never once made her touch him or
shown her his cock. This had made her curious, as she knew this nightly ritual
aroused him, and so some nights she would follow her Uncle to his room. Usually
her Uncle's door was shut and she would return back to her room, her panties
damp with the juices from her moist cunt, disappointed at not seeing him. Then
one night she found the door left slightly open, she peeked inside and found her
Uncle lying back on his bed, slowly stroking his cock.


Sara looked on, her eyes wide with amazement as her Uncle pulled on his, to
Sara's inexperienced eyes, huge cock. She had felt her cunt come alive as she
imagined that cock in her small hands. Sara had to put her hand over her mouth
to stifle a cry as she watched her Uncle's cock explode in orgasm. Streams of
white cum shot from his cock and splattered on his stomach. She watched in
fascination as he continued to stroke his cock and more and more cum came out.
Sara shifted her weight on the cold floor and a floorboard creaked, she thought
her Uncle had seen her as he turned at the noise but he did nothing, just
carried on pumping his cock, his fingers covered in cum.
Sara had to satisfy this ache in her body for release and she ran silently, not
to her room but downstairs to the kitchen. Recently the girls in school had
talked about their favourite thing to use if your dildo or vibrator was not
available; shower head, vegetables etc. Sara had not joined in the conversation,
still shy about such matters with other people but she knew what she liked. She
crept into the kitchen and feeling around in the dark she found the fruit bowl
and by touch found the biggest and firmest banana she could find. Leaning
forward onto the kitchen table she tugged her pyjama bottoms down, her panties
following to lie in a heap around her ankles. This was her most arousing
fantasy, to be taken from behind, forced to take someone's cock. She listened
out for her Uncle but there was no sound; her mind a whirl of emotions as she
wrestled with the thought of how she wished he would find her one time like
this. With that thought in her mind she leant back and pressed the banana
against her pussy, she was so wet from the attentions of her Uncle's fingers
earlier and the sight of his cock that the banana slid easily into her burning
cunt. Sara pushed this ersatz cock deep into her as she squeezed and pinched her
breasts, moaning softly as she imagined her Uncle's cock in place of the banana.
Sara wanted her Uncle's weight to press down on her as he rammed his cock hard
into her young body, his strong hands to hold her breasts tight. She could
imagine his hairy body rubbing against her tender, soft skin as he took her, his
cock filling her for the first time, taking her virginity. With these thoughts
she orgasmed! Her body shook with the force of her climax and she felt her cunt
grip the banana tight; the force of her orgasm was such that she felt weak at
the knees.
As Sara lay there, breathing heavily, she thought she heard a noise and she
turned her head quickly. Had she heard something? She thought she saw a movement
in the shadows outside the kitchen door and she shivered. Hastily she pulled her
panties and pyjama bottoms up and stood still, her mind a mess of emotions and
fears and lusts. But there was no noise, no movement in the house except Sara's
breathing and her thudding heartbeat. Sara put the banana back in the fruit bowl
and padded silently out of the kitchen, back to her room and her bed; as she
reached the top of the stairs she noticed her Uncle's door was now shut. Her
heart still pounding from everything that had happened she slid under the covers
of her bed and lay there, her head spinning.    


Next morning Sara woke early and stepping out of bed she stretched and yawned;
as usual she prepared for her run. Slipping her pyjamas off she then hooked her
thumbs in her panties and slid them down. Sara caressed her pussy, remembering
the night and how she had pleasured herself. She shivered with the memory of how
she had reached climax with the thought and image of her Uncle fucking her from
behind. She slipped on a clean pair of panties and then her running gear and
went downstairs. As she walked into the kitchen her Uncle was sitting at the
kitchen table, reading his newspaper. Sara blushed as she remembered the
position she had been in at that very spot not a few hours ago. Her Uncle smiled
at her and wished her good morning, as usual the events of the night before, his
ritual of fucking her with his fingers, never mentioned. Sara poured herself
some orange juice and stared into space, the presence of her Uncle, his male
presence, making her nervous, her nerves alive and on edge. Startled she
realised her Uncle was talking to her, he was asking her if she wanted some
breakfast. Sara shook her head, she would run first. Her Uncle said she should
eat something before running and he stood and reached for the fruit bowl. With
horror Sara realised he was reaching for the banana she had used the night
before to fuck herself with. Her Uncle picked up the banana and offered it to
Sara; she shook her head no. Take it, her Uncle insisted and tossed it to her;
automatically Sara went to catch it. Smiling, Sara's Uncle said to eat it; it
would give her energy for her run, bananas were good for you he said. As Sara
held the banana she could smell herself on it, her cunt juices had liberally
coated the hard shaft of the fruit. Had her Uncle smelled it, realised what that
smell was? Smiling weakly Sara peeled the banana and bit into the fruit, her
Uncle watched her and smiled back. The smell of her cunt juices triggered
something in Sara and she devoured that banana with a passion, taking the shaft
of the fruit deep into her mouth before biting into the soft flesh. Sara felt
herself go moist as she imagined what it would be like to take her Uncle's cock
into her mouth. Sara shook herself as she realised her Uncle was watching her
with a quizzical expression as she eat the banana; did you enjoy that he asked?
Blushing Sara headed for the door and said she would be back in about forty-five
minutes. As Sara ran she sprinted hard to rid her mind and body of the thoughts
and desires racing through her body.   
When Sara returned to her Uncles house there was a very smart, new BMW in the
drive. Sara remembered that her Uncle was to play golf that day with two
important clients and that he would not be home till late. She entered the house
and called for her Uncle, no reply. Assuming her Uncle had gone for his day of
golf Sara ran up the stairs, anxious for her shower, stripping her top of as she
took the stairs two at a time. Sara stepped into her room and stopped suddenly,
confused and scared by what she saw. Her Uncle and two other men were standing
in front of her underwear draw and were holding and touching various items of
hers. Her Uncle was holding one of her lacy bras while the two men each had a
pair of her panties. Hello, her Uncle said, very calmly. As Sara took in the
situation she realised the two men were watching her with naked lust, their eyes
fixed on her 36C breasts in the plain white bra she wore. Sara gasped as she
realised she had removed her top, thinking the house was empty and these strange
men could see her nipples pushing against the cups of her bra, her nipples
always became aroused when she ran. Sara hastily picked up a towel and covered
herself.


Sara's Uncle walked towards her and taking her gently by the arm led her into
the room to stand before the two men. "So, gentlemen, here she is, what do you
think?"  her Uncle asked the two men. The older of the two men licked his lips
and said she was perfect for what they had in mind. The other, a big man but
receding to fat, held Sara's panties to his nose and inhaled deeply and nodded.
Sara looked at her Uncle, her face a picture of confusion and fear. "Uncle?" 
She asked, "what's happening?" Her Uncle did something then that he had never
done before, he held her face gently in his hands and kissed her on the lips.
Sara instantly responded and kissed him back; she forgot the presence of the two
men as she lost herself in that kiss. Pulling back from the kiss her Uncle
smiled and said he would be sitting by the door and that she should let herself
go and enjoy herself.   Puzzled Sara stood still as her Uncle went to sit near
the door, he crossed his legs and said. "Let the sport commence."
Sara jumped as she felt one of the men caress her bare arm and as she turned to
face him the other ran his hand down her bareback. Sara looked pleadingly over
to her Uncle, her face a mixture of fear, confusion and uncertainty. What was
happening here, she asked herself. What was she supposed to do? She cried out as
she felt a hand squeeze her breast, she pulled away but backed into the man
behind her. This man, the bigger man, grabbed her by her arms and held her
tight; Sara struggled in his grasp as she felt him try to kiss her shoulders and
neck. With horror Sara watched as the older man started to un-button his shirt,
within minutes he was naked and only for the second time Sara saw a man's erect
cock. As Sara struggled she felt herself being pulled back against the big man
holding her and she shouted loudly for her Uncle as she realised the man was
pressing his hard cock against her bottom. Her Uncle sat there and watched the
scene unfold, his face calm, and his eyes missing nothing.
The older man stood in front of Sara, his cock hard and erect. He reached out
and cupped her breasts in his hands, his eyes never leaving Sara's eyes. With a
smile he pushed the cups of her bra up and over her tits, exposing her nipples.
The man reached out and squeezed her nipples hard, Sara cried out in pain. This
seemed to satisfy the man as he smiled and nodded to her Uncle, he then lowered
his head and took one of Sara's tits into his mouth and hungrily suckled. Sara
moaned loudly as she felt this strange man's tongue lick and swirl round her
nipple. Suddenly she felt a hand slide into her tracksuit bottoms from the back,
the man holding her had released one of her arms and his hand was now cupping
her bottom. Again she cried out for her Uncle to help her but he just sat there.
With her arm free Sara tried to push the man away from her breast but he was too
strong and continued the assault on her tender breast. Sara realised her
tracksuit bottoms, and her panties, were slipping down her legs and she renewed
her struggles as she realised she would soon be exposed. It was to no avail and
she sobbed loudly as she felt cool air on her legs and bottom as her tracksuit
bottoms slipped down around her ankles. Sara felt herself being picked up bodily
and carried over to the bed. She kicked out as the men started to tell her what
they were about to do to her, how they would fuck her, rape her and make her
suck their cocks. Sara started to scream loudly now, terrified at the thought of
these men taking her virginity. Sara was thrown onto her bed and before she
could recover the men were upon her, she looked over to her Uncle and screamed
his name.

Chloe's conclusion.
Still he sat impassively watching his niece pleading.  The big man had opened
his fly and was on top of her, his weight almost squeezing the breath from her. 
She let out a wail as she felt the man introduce his hard penis to the entrance
of her pussy and sobbed as it slid into her slick vagina.   The man stopped and
raised his head, looking over at Sara's uncle he said. "She's ready for
anything.  Look how wet she is."  Sara's uncle grunted in approval as he could
see the cock sliding out to its full length glistening with his nieces juices.
Suddenly the other man, younger and slighter, was standing over them.  "Time to
step up the action." He said grinning nastily down at Sara's tear stained face. 
The big man raised himself of her and scooped her up so that he was still inside
her.  Then he flipped her to lie above him; all the while she could feel his
cock buried deep in her cunt.  Now the other man knelt between the big man's
legs and, leaning down, ran his tongue along the furrow of her ass as he fondled
his exposed, erect cock.  In spite of herself and the fear she was feeling, Sara
got a thrill of pleasure.  She could feel the bigger man move slowly in her and
the wetness the other man was creating.  She felt the bed shifting as the
younger man manoeuvred himself in to position and she waited for the familiar
sensation of fingers exploring her.  Sara let out a scream of pain as, instead,
the man's cock plunged in to her bud and she felt her flesh tear.  She had
forgotten all about her uncle now and sobs wracked her.  Suddenly he was beside
her, cock in hand, rubbing steadily up and down.  She turned her head to beg him
for help but he just looked down with no expression on his face.  "Open your
mouth Sara!" he ordered gruffly.  "P-p-p-please...." She started to plead, but
he roughly grabbed her chin and forced her jaws open.  She gagged and coughed as
he drove deep, her eyes, already full of tears, spilled over.  She felt her
uncle grab her head and drive into her throat, right through, preventing her
from breathing.  She was in such pain from these rough men, one who had breached
her bud and the other forcefully fucking her.  Now she was suffocating...at
about this time she passed out.

Her uncle let the men finish although he himself withdrew from her slack mouth. 
He sat back by the door watching the throes of the two growling men spilling
their cum into the slim figure and caressing himself slowly.  As the two men
finished and drew back sighing and grunting with satisfaction Sara stirred and,
blinking, looked up at her uncle.  Her eyes were full of hurt at the betrayal.  
She tentatively put a hand down to touch between her thighs, drawing back as she
felt the residue there and wincing with pain.  The two strangers straightened
their clothing, shook hands with her uncle as if closing a business deal and he
ushered the men out.  Turning back to Sara she once more saw the look of love
and concern on his face but she had been badly hurt.  She turned her head away
as he knelt by her and tried to kiss her face.  "Don't!" she whispered.  He
stood once more and leant down to pull the covers over his niece.  "I'll explain
what that was all about later, when you have rested." And he quietly left the
room closing the door softly.  Sara lay still going over the bizarre events in
her head.  Why had her uncle let this happen to her?  She had trusted him and
yet he refused to come to her and stop the rape.  Then she remembered he had
said..."Let yourself go...." and "...enjoy yourself..." as if it should have
been a pleasurable experience but it had hurt and scared her...was that because
she had not relaxed as he had instructed?  Had she not felt, beneath the fear, a
thrill of pleasure?  Sitting up, she realised that thinking about what had
happened was arousing her.  She was sitting on the edge of the bed, thinking
these thoughts when her uncle gently opened the door and peered in.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Man Ray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





