BDSM Library - Hanging Around




Hanging Around
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A bi-curious guy visits a rather unusual club to live out his fantasies.
Hanging Around

Part One - Hanging Around

The man arrived early at the club.  He was greeted by a hostess, and after a
brief conversation, money changed hands.  She summoned a maid, who led the man
into a small antechamber.  As he stood still, she slowly stripped off his jacket
and shirt.  She knelt before him, and, having taken off his shoes and socks,
undid his trousers.  With infinite care, these were pulled down and discarded,
leaving the man standing in just his boxer shorts.  She removed these just as
carefully.  He felt her hand brush his semi-erect cock, perhaps by accident,
perhaps not.  He was naked.

The maid left him, taking his clothes with her.  Another maid entered with a
small case.  From this she produced various padded leather cuffs, which she
swiftly attached to his wrists, ankles and neck.  A small metal ring dangled
from each cuff.  A complex harness with several of the small rings was placed
over his head and attached to the collar around his neck.  She too knelt down in
front of him, and gently took his cock into her mouth.  Her tongue played over
him.  She moved her head back and forwards, lips pressed firmly around him. 
When he was fully erect, she pulled back and quickly fastened a tight leather
harness about his cock and balls, holding his erection and thrusting his balls
forward.  He felt the veins in his cock throbbing as she pulled his hands behind
his back and connected the cuffs together.

The second maid left, and the hostess returned, carrying a leash.  This she
attached to his collar, and with a tug, pulled him behind her.  They walked
deeper into the club, arriving eventually at a mirrored room with four
substantial pillars in its centre.  She led him over to these, and unclipped the
leash and his wrist cuffs.  Hanging in front of him, suspended from the very
tops of the pillars by chromed steel chains, was a black leather cradle.  She
pushed him chest down onto the supple leather, pulling his arms through the
chains to the front.  The cradle supported him from his collarbone to his navel. 
She passed several straps over his back, buckling them tightly to hold him in
place.

One by one, she stretched his arms out to the pillars and attached his cuffs to
clips embedded there.  She repeated the process with his legs, leaving him
spread-eagled and suspended about three feet off the ground.  His penis pointed
stiffly down and slightly forwards, and his nipples protruded through small
holes in the cradle.  She lifted his head and attached another chain to the top
of his harness, holding it up in a not uncomfortable position.  Further small
chains clipped to his head straps, preventing side-to-side movement.

She left him alone for a while.  He tested his restraints, which were, as he
expected, quite secure.  His arms and legs were stretched out fully, leaving him
with only very slight movement.  He moved his eyes, taking in the restricted
view that his harness allowed him.  His breathing quickened as he caught sight
of himself in the mirrors opposite.  Suspended in a pool of light, his chains
glittered in the beams of several ceiling-mounted spot-lamps.  The rest of the
room remained in shadow.

The hostess returned, carrying another small bag.  She placed it on the floor in
front of him, just within his line of sight.  From it, with a small flourish,
she removed a large black object.  It was shaped like a cone for most of its
length, with a rounded tip.  At the other end, it narrowed slightly before
flaring out again.  She told him that it was a butt-plug, and that when it was
inserted into his anus, the narrower section would prevent it being drawn fully
inside him.  It would also stop his muscles from expelling the intruder.  As he
watched, wide-eyed, she took a small pot from the bag, using its contents to
lubricate the plug thoroughly until it gleamed in the lights.  She walked around
him, out of his view, carrying the pot and the plug.

He held his breath.  Suddenly he felt her cool hand on his backside.  Her
fingers probed his crack, brushing lightly over his hole.  He felt his muscle
contract involuntarily.  Her fingers left, then returned, this time with a blob
of the lubricant.  She smoothed it around his anus before slowly easing one
finger inside him, pushing against his resistance.  He gasped, then forced
himself to relax, knowing that more was to come.  She made a small approving
noise, and slowly, carefully, pushed another finger into his anus.  She moved
her fingers in and out for a minute or two, then removed them, leaving him
feeling oddly empty.

He felt the butt-plug nudging against his anus.  A moment of pressure, then it
started to fill him.  He was stretched wider and wider.  Just as he thought he
could take no more, he felt the widest point pass through, and his anus clutched
tightly around the neck of the device.  He contracted and relaxed his muscles
experimentally.  It felt good, his arse stuffed so full.

The hostess reappeared in front of him.  A slight smile played across her lips
as she saw the expression on his face.  Once again she bent down to her bag, and
removed a ring with two straps dangling from it.  She asked him to open his
mouth, then she inserted the ring between his teeth, holding his mouth wide
open.  The straps attached to the sides of his head harness, holding the ring
firmly in place.  The ring was made of rubber around a hard core.  The man
quickly realised that it was an effective gag, which also left his mouth quite
vulnerable.

Finally, the hostess clipped a blindfold over his eyes.  He was unable to move,
speak or see.  Only his hearing remained, as the sound of the hostess's stiletto
heels died away.  Then there was silence.

Some time later, the club was apparently fully open, and he started to hear
people moving about.  Some of them passed through his room, a few of those
lingering by him.  He felt hands caress him, over his buttocks, round his
nipples, sometimes even briefly passing along the length of his still erect cock
and onto his balls.  He felt a woman's lips on his own, her tongue passing into
his mouth to play with his own.  A hand grasped the butt-plug and twisted it
within him, testing how securely it was held.  He was suddenly aware of a
movement of air over his cock.  As the realisation hit him, he felt a woman's
mouth take him in its warm embrace for the second time that evening.

He heard muttered voices, somewhere behind him.  The pressure on his plug
increased, and it was pulled out, much faster than it had been inserted.  His
anus remained open, stretched by the prolonged insertion.  Strong hands took
hold of his buttocks and pulled them apart.  He felt flesh against the inside of
his thighs.  He knew then what was about to happen.  He tried to struggle, a
futile attempt.  His bonds were as firm as ever.  A male voice chuckled, then he
sensed something probing at the entrance to his anus.  It felt different to the
plug, warmer, hard but yet slightly resilient.  He tried to tighten his muscles,
but they refused to respond.  Then it was too late.  The head of the stranger's
penis passed beyond his ring, helped by the coating of oil that the lubricated
plug had left as its legacy.  Slowly, surely, helplessly, he could feel the
invader reaching further along his passage, until he was filled completely, the
stranger's balls touching his own. Still the woman suckled at his cock.

The other began to move his penis, smoothly, rhythmically in and out of the
man's arse.  Unable to resist, the man could only submit to the slow and
deliberate fucking he was being subjected to.  His cock felt harder than ever,
though whether from the attentions of the woman or the anal stimulation, he
could not say.  A sliver of drool escaped from his mouth.

He heard more voices.

"Remove the blindfold.  I want him to see what's coming."

The instruction was obeyed.  He blinked rapidly in the sudden light.  In front
of him stood a man and a woman, both naked.  He raised his eyes but could see no
higher than their chests.  They were magnificent, the male a bronzed and
muscular Adonis, the woman a full figured Venus to match.  Adonis passed
something to Venus, and she ducked around the side of the man and out of his
peripheral vision.  Fingers tweaked at his nipples, which hardened immediately,
and he gasped as clamps were applied and tightened.  From the tugging that
followed, he realised that the clamps must have had weights attached, which were
now swinging freely.  Venus returned to his view.  She stroked the huge cock
before his eyes, pushing her body against Adonis and rubbing herself against
him.

Adonis gently pushed her away, then moved forward.  Unable to turn his head or
close his mouth, the man was unable to avoid taking the enormous cock into his
mouth.  Deeper it pushed, and the man tried hard not to gag.  It touched the
back of his throat as the other male behind him yet again thrust deeply into his
arse.  He was truly spitted, thoroughly penetrated at both ends.  He felt his
cock swell impossibly, then he came explosively into the mouth of the woman
underneath him.  She swallowed greedily, sucking each last drop from him.  His
erection remained, held by the now painfully tight cock harness.  Perhaps
stimulated by his involuntary anal contractions, the penis in his arse throbbed,
and he could actually feel the stranger's juices coat the insides of his rectum.

Then the penis was removed from him, only to be replaced by another, thrusting
eagerly against his entrance.  This one was bigger, much bigger, and a groan
escaped him as it brutally forced him even wider open.  The Adonis in his mouth
moved, and helplessly the man began to stroke the monstrous cock with his
tongue, sucking as best he could with his jaws still held wide apart.  Adonis
grunted in pleasure.  The two cocks moved together, pulling almost out then
pushing as one into his mouth and arse.  Again he felt movement by his own rock
hard penis.  A woman, the Venus figure, offered her buttocks up to his member,
and fingers held him steady as she carefully took him into her greased anus. 
She felt marvellously tight about him.  She moved herself backwards and forwards
to compensate his lack of movement, matching her male counterparts and taking
him right inside her as they likewise penetrated him.

Adonis came first, spurting into the man's throat.  He swallowed, telling
himself that it was to avoid choking, but he could not resist licking the tip of
the cock as it was removed from his mouth.  The penis in his backside drilled
ever deeper, in and out with savage intensity.  The movement of the woman on his
cock gave him some relief.  At last the stranger shuddered and came heavily. 
The man felt juices dribble from his gaping anus as the penis withdrew.  The
blindfold was replaced.  Hands moved all over his body, teasing and stimulating
him in turn.  Someone flicked the weights hanging from his nipples, and it
seemed as though an electric shock coursed down his torso to his cock.  He
moaned loudly as he came, and slipped free of the woman's embracing anus.  He
heard muffled laughter.

Gradually, the hands withdrew and the voices subsided.  He was alone in his
suspension.  His anus throbbed, come still oozing from the open hole and around
his balls.  He still had a raging hard-on, the harness performing its devilish
task.  He could taste the residue of Adonis on his tongue.  It was not
unpleasant.

A door opened and closed.  His blindfold was removed, and there was the hostess,
crouching in front of him and grinning broadly.

"This has been one of our best ever nights." she announced.  "There's a room
behind that mirror, and it has been packed for the last hour with people
watching you."

The man made frantic sounds.  She laughed.

"Sorry, did I forget to tell you that?  Well, you got what you came for." she
continued.  "Your paid time has elapsed."

The man relaxed in his bonds.

"However," said the hostess, a sadistic edge to her voice.  "You have proved so
popular that I have decided to allow you an extension, on the house so to speak. 
Don't go away.  There are lots more people who want to play with you and the
night is still young."

The man stiffened and pulled at the chains.  His eyes pleaded with the hostess. 
She stroked his cheek tenderly, and refastened the blindfold.  He heard her
straighten up and begin to walk away.  Halfway towards the door, she stopped and
turned.

"I almost forgot.  We can't have you closing up again, can we?"

She walked behind him and with great deliberation picked up the discarded
butt-plug and reinserted it into his arse.  He groaned painfully, the sound
dying away with her footfalls.  The door closed.  He waited.




Part Two - Still Hanging

The man hung, face down, in the middle of the room.  A leather cradle supported
his torso, held by four chains that stretched up to the tops of four large
pillars.  Straps around his back held him firmly in place.  His arms and legs
were stretched wide, also attached to rings in the pillars.  A strange harness
encircled his head, chains from this supporting him whilst at the same time
preventing movement.  A blindfold was clipped in place on this harness, as was a
ring gag, which held his mouth wide open.  Weights hung from his nipples, and a
large black butt-plug forced his anus wide.  His skin glistened with moisture
around the plug.  His cock pointed stiffly towards the floor, a tight harness
encircling both it and his balls, maintaining his erection.

Two-way mirrors around the room allowed the less active members of the club to
view the man from all angles.  Though he couldn't see it, these rooms were quite
full of people eagerly awaiting the second act.  The man hung silently, feeling
the eyes on him.  He felt his cock throbbing, and his anus ached slightly from
the ravaging it had received earlier that evening.

He heard the door to his room open, the familiar click of heels announcing the
return of the club's hostess.  He heard a metallic clink as she placed something
on the ground beneath him.  Suddenly she removed one of the clamps from his
nipples.  He gasped as the blood painfully returned.  She swabbed a cold liquid
over the nipple, teasing it erect.  He felt cold metal against it, then felt a
sharp stabbing pain for a moment as she activated the piercing tool.  Swiftly
she dabbed some antiseptic lotion on the wound.  It stung slightly.  She
threaded a small ring through the hole, snapping it shut.  She then repeated the
process with his other nipple.  He felt the tugging as she tested them, then the
pressure increased as she hung small weights from the rings.

She walked slowly round behind him.  She reached between his legs and tightly
grasped his erect penis with one hand.  She forced it back between his legs, and
touched the tool to it.  He felt the cold metal pushing against his sensitive
flesh, and whimpered.  She chuckled, evilly, and released him.

"Not yet," she said.  "Maybe we'll save that for the grand finale.  Now then, I
think you'll want to see this next part."

She walked back round to his head and removed the blindfold, hanging it from a
hook on one of the pillars.  He drank in the view.  Unlike most of the club
members that he had seen, she was fully clothed, but in a silver, skin-tight
bodysuit that left little to the imagination.  It clung to her, revealing
voluptuous hips, a slim waist and full breasts.  Her nipples were erect, and
poked at the thin material covering them.  He thought he could even make out the
outline of a small ring between her legs as she stood before him.  She moved
closer.  She took hold of his head, and briefly but firmly rubbed her crotch
against his face.  He could feel the heat of her through the sheer material of
her bodysuit.  Then she was gone, hips swaying seductively as she strode to the
door.  He gazed at the mirror opposite, imagining the people behind it watching
him, and wondering what they must be thinking.

The door opened again, and two black men walked in.  Both wore studded body
harnesses and similar cuffs to the ones that held him taut.  Their muscular
bodies shone with a light coating of oil.  Their stiff cocks, also oiled, jutted
out proudly in front of them.  The man gulped as they approached, and his anus
contracted around its plug in anticipation.  The pair stopped and waited a few
feet in front of him.  They turned away from him, and all three of them watched
as a woman entered.  She walked up and stood with the two men.  Her skin was the
colour of ivory, and contrasted sharply with the ebony of her two partners.  She
too was naked but for thigh-length black boots and a red leather harness, which
started from her neck and ended tightly cinched around her waist.  Straps
encircled her breasts, which pointed out in a slightly menacing fashion.  She
was lithe and tall, easily matching the height of her two companions.

She crouched in front of him and smiled.

"I don't think we'll be needing this for the moment." she said, unclipping his
gag and tossing it to one side.  She leant forward and held his head in her
hands.  As she kissed him, her tongue pushed into his mouth to mingle
pleasurably with his own.  He wondered if she could taste the come in his mouth.

She turned her back to him and bent forward, pushing her buttocks into his face,
as if she was marking her territory.  She swayed slightly, rubbing herself into
his nose and mouth.  The man breathed her scent.  One of the companions grasped
her buttocks and pulled them apart.  She leant back slightly.

"Lick me!" she commanded.  The man obeyed, his tongue circling the tight pucker
of her anus.  Meanwhile, the second companion had moved around behind him, and
he felt the familiar tugging that preceded the removal of his plug.  With a
thrill he felt the probing of a tongue around his own anus.

He continued to lick the woman, testing the lowering resistance of her
sphincter, eventually pushing his tongue inside her a short way.  She let out a
soft groan, still pushing back, forcing herself onto his tongue.  He pushed in
harder as the tongue in his rear did the same.  It felt pleasurable, caressing
and soft after the unyielding hardness of the butt-plug.  He moved his tongue in
and out of the woman's arse, reaching in as far as he could.  He felt her
muscles clench hard around his tongue.  She shuddered slightly and pulled
herself free.

She stood upright again, and snapped her fingers.  One of her companions left
the room, and returned carrying a red leather strap, matching the ones that made
up the woman's harness.  Attached to the strap were two large dildos.  The
companion knelt reverently in front of her and buckled the new strap to her
harness.  He reached between her legs and eased the first dildo into her cunt. 
She was very wet.  She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath.  Meanwhile, the
second companion was behind her.  He lubricated the second dildo from a small
pot, and slowly fed it into the woman's anus.  He pulled the strap tight and
attached it to a buckle at the back of her harness, lodging both devices firmly
inside her.  The woman drew herself to her full height, breathing in deeply, and
then she smiled.  She snapped her fingers again.

This time the companion returned with a huge dildo, fully fifteen inches in
length.  She took it from him and stroked it seductively before snapping it on
to a mechanism at the front of her harness.  It jutted out in front of her
menacingly.  The two companions again knelt before her and began to lick and
suck at the phallus.  They coated it with their saliva until it gleamed under
the strong lights.  Clearly the movement of the phallus transmitted to the
woman, for the man could see moisture beginning to line the edges of her crotch
strap.

For a third time, the woman snapped her fingers.  One of her companions moved
forward and reattached the man's blindfold.  He then placed his lips against the
man's, circling his tongue in the man's mouth.  The other crouched underneath
and tenderly took the man's cock into his mouth, his tongue playing teasingly
around its tip.

Distracted, the man did not hear the woman moving, did not realise where she was
until he felt her between his outstretched legs.  As her hips brushed just above
his knees, he could already feel the vast phallus nudging its way into the cleft
of his buttocks.  Underneath his blindfold he closed his eyes tightly.  The
engorged head forced its way through his open sphincter muscle.  Then there was
no further obstacle.  With terrible determination the woman pushed the dildo
slowly into him.  It felt huge.  There was no end to it, no hope of relief as
the woman kept a slow steady pressure on it, forcing it further into his
passage.  Already she was deeper than even the bigger of the two cocks the man
had taken earlier, and there was still more to go.

The man was aware of a low moaning sound as she continued her relentless
invasion.  He realised that he was making the noise, his whole body rigid as he
struggled to cope with what was happening to him.  He was barely aware of the
lips around his penis, though they continued their work.  A long trail of saliva
hung from his mouth.  The companion in front of him touched his fingers to the
man's cheek.

"Well done." he whispered softly to the man as the woman behind him embedded the
last inch of the phallus into him.  She paused for a moment, circling her hips
slightly.  Her hands gripped the man's buttocks, nails digging into him as she
too moaned softly.  As she waited, her companion stood upright and touched his
cock against the man's lips.  He opened his mouth to accept it, tonguing and
sucking at the stiff rod.  Underneath him, the other companion changed
positions, moving his anus into contact with the man's own cock, reaching behind
him to guide it into place.  The woman held the man steady as he was forced into
the submissive companion.

Then the assault began in earnest.  The three worked in unison, sometimes
thrusting together, sometimes in opposition.  They were not gentle.  The man's
senses whirled.  His anus felt as though it must surely spilt apart, his cock
was squeezed tight and his lips felt bruised from the pounding against them.  He
could hear the woman, no longer moaning but shouting aloud as she vigorously
drilled his arse.  She gave a long cry as she came, and fell forward onto his
back.  His backside burned, her fingernails having drawn blood in her shuddering
climax.  She lay for a few seconds, completely still, then pushed herself
upright.  He could feel her hands between his legs as she unclipped the phallus,
then walked away leaving it fully stuffed inside him.  His muscles contracted
feebly in an attempt to expel it, but it was too far in and they had suffered
too much already.

Her companion came into his mouth.  This time he needed no excuse, swallowing
deeply and sucking the cock clean of every last drop of come.  He felt the
pressure around his cock removed, as the other companion pulled himself free and
replaced the now flaccid cock in the man's mouth with his own.  The other two
ducked under the man and began to suck and lick his cock and his balls,
occasionally reaching up to give the phallus a slight twist.

The two men came almost simultaneously.  The companion pulled out at the last
minute, spraying the man's unprotected face with his come.  The man himself came
on the floor between the woman and her companion, leaving a silver thread
trailing from the end of his penis.  He felt the woman's hand stroke him once,
up and down.  She cupped his balls in her hand, giving them a squeeze before
returning to stand in front of him.  The companions walked back to stand beside
her, bodies rubbing against hers.  They knelt at her feet, and undid her crotch
strap.  Gently they eased the devices out of her holes.  They offered the
phallus from her cunt to his mouth.  It was slick with her juices, and he
eagerly licked it clean.

He heard familiar footsteps, and the club's hostess reappeared in his field of
view.  She put her arms round the other woman.  They looked into each other's
eyes and kissed passionately.  The hostess ran her hands down the other woman's
body, coming to rest on her buttocks.  She squeezed them hard, grinding her hips
into the woman's as she kissed.  They broke apart reluctantly.  Both turned to
look at him.

"An excellent toy," said the woman.  "Will you be releasing him now?"

"Not quite yet," replied the hostess.  "Several of my best customers have
expressed an interest.  I think I'll see what they had in mind."  She bent
closer to the man.  "That's alright with you, isn't it?"

"Yes, mistress," he whispered.




Part Three - Hang Over

The man hung silently, suspended and supported by a cradle in the middle of the
room.  The club's hostess stood in front of him.  She wore a skin-tight silver
body suit.  He was naked but for wrist and ankle cuffs and a head harness, to
which was attached a blindfold.  A large dildo protruded from his anus.  His
cock pointed stiffly towards the ground.

"Open your mouth," ordered the hostess.

The man obeyed, and she inserted a large ball gag, clipping it to his harness. 
One by one she released his wrists from the pillars, fastening them together
behind his back.  She attached something else to his ankles before unclipping
them from the pillars.  He felt his feet drop to the floor, but was unable to
close them.  The hostess had obviously used some kind of spreader bar on him. 
Finally, she undid the straps that held him into his cradle, and helped him
upright.  He felt the slight tug of the dildo still inside him, but it remained
in place.

Swiftly, she retrieved a leash and clipped a couple of chains to his nipple
rings, and a third to his cock and ball harness.  She held the end of the leash
in her hand, as he found out when she gave it a hard pull.  She led him out of
the room.  He struggled to walk with the spreader bar holding his ankles, the
hostess walking fast enough to maintain an insistent tugging on his nipples and
cock. They entered another room and his blindfold was removed.  He saw several
other people, both male and female, strapped into chairs.  All were gagged like
him.  Each one sat in a cone of light from a spotlight mounted above them.  He
was taken to an empty chair at the far end of the room, led in bondage past all
the others.  The hostess made him bend over.  He blushed fiercely as she removed
the dildo from his arse and passed it to a waiting maid.  He looked at the
chair.  It had a high back with protruding wings, and a large wooden phallus,
gleaming with oil, stood proudly erect in the middle of the seat.  It was onto
this that the hostess gently pushed him.  Arms still fastened behind his back,
he was unable to check himself and a grunt escaped him as he impaled himself
heavily onto the phallus.  A maid came and took straps from the back of the
chair under his armpits, fastening them tightly with a silver buckle across his
chest.  Another strap over his forehead held his head between the wings of the
chair and forced him to look straight ahead.  Finally, the spreader bar was
removed and his ankles were cuffed to the legs of the chair.

The hostess walked to the far end of the room, hips swaying.  She threw open a
large double door.  The man heard a babble of conversation slowly die away to
silence.

"Let the auction commence."

...............

It was later.  The man was carried, spread-eagled, into another room.  In the
centre of the room was a large table.  Lying on this table, arms and legs
stretched tightly and fastened to the corners of the table, was a beautiful,
voluptuous woman.  The man's eyes widened as he recognised the Venus from
earlier that evening.  As he drew nearer, he could see what appeared to be a
double-ended penis gag strapped into her mouth.  She strained at her bonds, head
tossing from side to side.  As the man was taken around the woman, he saw that a
vibrating dildo, attached to the table with some sort of hinge, was firmly
embedded in her arse.  His own anus contracted in sympathy around its plug.  He
had been allowed no respite, the plug being inserted as soon as he was lifted
from the chair.

The bearers supported him above the woman, before slowly lowering him onto her. 
Hands guided his penis into her moist, gaping cunt.  She stared at him with
frantic eyes, shaking her head and bucking underneath him.  Her vagina
contracted, but the bearers held him in place, squeezing his balls to prevent
him from pulling out.  His wrist and ankle cuffs were clipped to the woman's
own, and further links held their nipple rings together.  Straps were passed
over his arms, waist and thighs and pulled tight, holding both of them firmly
down on the table and keep him lodged inside her.  One of the bearers took hold
of the woman's head and held it steady, while another took the man and forced
his mouth over the protruding end of the penis gag.  It was pushed deep into his
throat and fastened securely to his harness, coupling his head to that of the
woman.  He heard her moan as she tried and failed to pull away.

They lay there alone for a while.  He could sense the vibrator in her arse
against his cock, separated only by the thin membrane of her rectum.  It had
been set low, enough to keep her on edge but not to allow her orgasm.  He could
feel almost every inch of her wonderful body underneath his.  He gazed into her
beautiful eyes.  Her pupils were dilated.

A door banged, and footsteps approached.  It sounded as though the feet were
bare.  A familiar voice spoke.  It was Venus's partner, the Adonis who had first
forced himself upon the man that evening.

"Welcome to my little party," the deep voice said.  "Please take a moment to
admire the centrepiece, this living statue which I call 'The Lovers'.  Unlike
most museum pieces, this one is fully interactive.  Allow me to demonstrate."

With a flourish, Adonis yanked the man's butt plug out, replacing it with his
own rock-hard cock.  As he thrust in hard, the man was himself pushed deeper
into Venus underneath him.  She cried out behind her gag.  Adonis was not
gentle.  He slammed in and out vigorously, coming quickly deep inside the man's
arse.

"Oh, how I missed that earlier," he exulted.  "Who's next?"

He stepped aside and was quickly replaced by one of his cronies.  The man felt
hands grip his buttocks, forcing them apart.  The new cock was slightly smaller,
and slipped in easily to begin its own assault.

"He's so hot," a voice spoke.  "All wet and ready for me."

The man blushed furiously, but raised his hips as much as he could within his
bonds to meet his invader.  Again he was pushed down, down into the helpless
woman beneath him.  He could feel his own orgasm building inevitably.  He came
as the third cock wormed its way inside him, his anus clutching the newcomer
like an old friend, causing the crony inside him to gasp out loud.

He felt hands on his face, unfastening the gag and pulling his head sharply
back.  Adonis hauled himself onto the table, and spitted himself onto the dildo
that protruded from the woman's mouth.

"Let's see what you can really do with that mouth of yours," he commanded.

The man's head was released, and Adonis forced his cock deep into his mouth. 
His neck was held at an uncomfortable angle, but he began to take the cock deep
into his throat, lubricating it with his tongue.  Adonis grunted in pleasure,
moving his hips up and down on the dildo in his arse.

Yet another penis took its place in the man's rear, this one short but
incredibly thick.  It was difficult, and the man was shoved forward hard as the
stranger forced his way in.  It was too much for the woman and she came, mewling
underneath the gag.  Her vagina contracted, milking the man's penis.  He felt
her juices coating him, mingling with his own sperm.  She jerked her head
upwards, stabbing the dildo deep into Adonis.

Adonis pulled himself off the dildo, and removed it from the woman's mouth.  He
turned over, putting his cock in its place.  Slowly, almost gently, he began to
fuck her mouth.  She responded with a will, sucking him in deep.  The man, still
strapped to her, nuzzled his way between Adonis's buttocks, and began to tongue
him.  He worked his tongue into the anus, pushing as hard as he could.  The
other men continued to take their turns in his rear.  He lost count of the
different cocks, all of them blurred into one long pounding in his rectum.  He
had grown almost used to the sensation.  Certainly he felt oddly empty during
the brief period when the men changed places.

"I want a go at her now," one of the men spoke up.  The rest agreed.  Adonis
stepped down, and they unfastened the man's bonds.  They led him over to one of
the ubiquitous pillars and attached his wrist cuffs to a hook above his head. 
He felt come oozing down his legs from his gaping anus.  His cock jutted out
stiffly in front of him.  One of the men laughed and swatted at it playfully. 
He watched as they freed the woman and took her one after another and sometimes
two or three at a time.  She climaxed at least twice.

One by one, the men left, until only Adonis, Venus and the man were left.  They
approached him.

"You were worth every penny," said Adonis.  "You'll be back."  It was a
statement rather than a question, and the man nodded.  Venus stepped up and
kissed him tenderly.  The two of them left arm in arm.  Silently, the man
watched them go.

Two of the club's maids entered the room and untied him.  They led him from the
room to the foyer.  He was pushed to the floor, and his wrist cuffs were
fastened to those on his ankles.  They clipped a stout chain to the cuffs and
hoisted him a few feet off the ground.  A strap attached to his harness held his
head up, forcing him to look through the arch formed by his arms and legs.  A
woman was similarly suspended on the other side of the room, and the two of them
hung there like grotesque decorations, twisting slowly, doubled over with
genitals and anus on view to all.

Slowly the club began to empty.  People walked past the two exhibits.  Some of
them paused to inspect them more closely, touching them or stroking them. 
Occasionally the man would feel a hand caressing his penis, or a finger inserted
into his arse, still wet from the earlier assault.  He was silent, despite the
lack of a gag.  He could hear the woman moaning as she was subjected to similar
treatment.

At length the club was empty.  The man was lowered to the floor.  Maids appeared
and removed his cuffs, head harness and the strap from his cock and balls.  They
helped him over to a seat, where he rested, naked.  One of the maids knelt
before him and reverently took his cock into her mouth.  She bobbed her head up
and down, circling her tongue cunningly.  The hostess stepped out of the shadows
to watch.

"Was it what you expected?" she asked.  The man smiled and shook his head.  Head
leant back in the comfortable chair, enjoying the feeling of the woman's warm,
moist lips around his penis.  Languidly he stretched out his arm to caress the
hostess.  She allowed him the briefest of touches, then stepped back.

"You'll have to do much more to earn that!" she admonished him.  He continued to
look at her with lust in his eyes.  "Keep coming every week.  We'll see whether
you've done well enough in a couple of months."

The man felt the heat coursing through his penis.  He came in the maid's mouth. 
She swallowed every drop then gently licked him clean.  They brought his clothes
back to him and he started to dress.

"One moment," cautioned the hostess.  "I have a present for you."

Reaching behind him, she inserted a small butt plug into his anus.  He moved his
hips experimentally.  It felt good.  He finished dressing, and was shown out of
the club.  He looked back once, regretfully, and then walked down the street. 
His present tingled nicely.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Huckleberry


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





