BDSM Library - The Meeting




The Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A boy finds his submissve ways of being trainformer into a rubber sex doll.
Title: The Meeting
Author: rubbermo@hotmail.com
 

I had arrived at the appointed time, to a place that I had been directed to by
a small map. My master had summoned me after a long exchange of letters. I had
hoped for so much but was not sure of what I would find. I had received an
instruction to report to a secluded cottage in the Lake District and I was to
bring with me all the rubber clothes that I owned. I had driven a long way with
my collection of clothes that allow me to Dress For Pleasure. I made it to the
cottage in the time allowed.

Trembling, I knocked on the door. It seemed somewhat dark inside and received
the instructions to step inside the door, put down my bag and close my eyes. I
did as I was instructed. I still had not set eyes on my master. Then he spoke.

"I am going to transform you into a rubber girlie boy. Once you have been
transformed, you will be mine to do as I please. I need a rubber slut to satisfy
my desires. You will carry out my every wish, you will pamper to my every whim,
you are mine, remember that. Your little love hole, untouched before now, will
ache in anticipation of my attention and any sign of masculinity, the merest
hint of an erection will be dealt with immediately. Your penis will be en-cached
and subject to my control. It will be held in a submissive position until I have
decided it can be used. Woe betide any attempt to release it from its concealed
position. You will be a rubber slut, a girlie boy without any respect and here
to serve my pleasure. Now stand still while I select you some clothing for you."

I stood there, head bowed and totally shamed. I could not speak, I dare not
speak. I shuddered, worried about what would happen next. He told me to keep my
eyes closed and not to open them again until I was told to. I remained where I
stood, silent, head bowed and eyes closed. I could feel him undressing me. He
undid my shoelaces and removed my shoes. I could hear a rustling, it sounded
like he was putting them in a bag. "Yes" he whispered gently, "I am bagging up
your old clothes and I may dispose of them later, stand still" He continued to
undress me. Loosening the belt on my trousers and slowly pulling them down. The
back of his hand rubbed against the bulge in my underpants. He tutted and then I
felt a pain as he slapped my cock. The bulge started to subside and I heard a
satisfied noise from him. He continued in an unhurried way to completely strip
me. I felt totally humiliated by the experience and I dreaded what would happen
next.

I stood there for what seemed like ages. Starting to get cold and feeling very
nervous. I could hear the swish of rubber as he rummaged through something. What
was it? But I dare not look. He started to pull a rubber stocking up my leg, I
could smell the talcum powder that he had obviously dosed inside them. They were
pulled up in a slow and deliberate manner. I could feel an erection start. At
that his rubber gloved hand clamped hard around my cock. I could feel something
being pulled over it, almost like a condom. It felt nice and secure. Then my
penis was pulled down and under my arse. "Hold this" came an instruction. He
placed my hand on the cord behind my back. The cord was holding my cock
backwards. He rummaged around again and placed a belt around my waist to secure
the cord to. He continued to slowly pull the stocking into place. My cock was
straining against its imprisonment and as he pulled the stocking up his hand
cupped my swollen member and gave it a stroke and a gentle squeeze and he
whispered in my ear "Not yet dearie, not yet." The other stocking was slowly
pulled up and smoothed into place. Next came something that felt like a corset,
I think it was mine but I couldn?t be sure, it was smoothed over my body and I
could hear his breathing increase as he rubbed his hands over my body. I was
getting really aroused now and without thinking I brought my hands up to hold
him. He smacked me so hard on my arse, that I opened my eyes in shock. "Close
your eyes" he shouted. I did so immediately but felt that I had angered him. In
that brief second I had glimpsed a figure totally encased in rubber. I could not
really tell what he was wearing, but it was dark and he appeared to be covered
by a cape and dressed in a female form. He moved away from me and picked
something up. "Now then Michelle, you will have to be hooded for that."

I could feel the hood being pulled over my head. It was dark and cold and had
that rubbery musty smell that turns me on. My bulge was straining to be released
from its imprisonment. The hood was pulled tight. It may have been a zip or
cord, I could not tell. Either way, it became tight and felt like a second skin.
There was pressure over my eyes, preventing me from opening them. The nose holes
were small and I found it difficult to breathe through them, so I opened my
mouth to inhale. He was obviously waiting for me, because almost as soon as I
opened my mouth, something rubber was forced into it. "Suck on this" he
whispered, "It?s a penis gag and good for your basic training." It was large,
smooth and filled my mouth completely blocking out the air. I tried to suck air
in through my nose but all I succeed in doing was to suck the rubber hood
tighter over my face. I panicked a little and tried to bring my hands up to pull
the hood off. "No" he said quite firmly, "Keep your hands by your side, I will
not tolerate disobedience. You will be able to breathe, just do it slowly and
deliberately. I will not let you suffocate. Not yet anyway"  The gag was secured
with the hood. I could feel him connecting something and as it clicked I heard
him say "You will not be able to take that off now" My body gave a shudder and
he placed his arms around me and whispered, "You are quite safe with me, just
follow my instructions and everything will be fine." He then continued to dress
me.

It seemed to take ages and there were a number of garments. I think that one of
them was a bra or a corset because I could feel him insert breast forms into
them. They pushed against my breast and with my penis held in bondage I began to
lose my feelings of masculinity. Eventually he stopped adding items of clothing
and I just stood there waiting.

"There you are" he announced, "Completely transformed into a creature for me.
Come on!" He grasped me around the waist and pulled me to him, holding me close.
My penis was straining to be released from its confined position as he held me
tightly. I could feel his tongue licking the outside of the hood and kissing the
bulge over my mouth. I began to feel aroused and wondered what would happen
next. . . . . . . . . . . 

More in episode 2.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rubbermo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





