BDSM Library - Sailor Senshi Sex




Sailor Senshi Sex
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Sailor Moon fan fiction. The scouts each fantasize about their deepest, darkest desires.
Sailor Senshi Sex

Part 1 - the fantasies of Sailor Moon, Sailor Mars, Sailor Venus and Sailor Uranus. 

Serena longed to be spanked. Sometimes, at night, she'd fantasize aboutwatching
herself being spanked. It didn't matter who spanked her. She thought she'd look
ever so sexy with her skirt up and her panties down, ass presented for
punishment. She'd struggle to silence herself as her hands worked furiously on
her pussy. One day, her mother caught her being mean to that annoying Rini.
"Serena!" She yelled, "You should be spanked for such childishness."  Serena
couldn't believe her good luck.

She gave Rini's hair one last tug, knowing the brat would complain. "That's it,
young lady!" Her mother said. Her mother yanked her face down onto her lap and
raised her short skirt. She brought her hand down on Serena's butt ten times,
rapidly. "There young woman, I hope you learned your lesson. Now, go to your
room!" Serena went to her room, not to sulk as her mother thought, but to
masturbate. She was disappointed. Why hadn't her mother pulled down her panties.
She locked her door, stripped naked and layed on her bed. She cupped her small
breasts. She imagined herself in her Sailor Moon costume, leaning with her hands
on Queen Serenity's throne. The queen, her mother, was going to punish her
privately for disobeying her by visiting Endymion. The queen unzipped her skirt
and let it fall to her ankles, then she slowly pulled Serena's panties down to
her knees. She raised her leather covered paddle and brought it down on Serena's
butt. Serena's gasp was more of pleasure than pain. The queen spanked Serena
until the princess was on the brink of cumming, her butt red and sore. Then the
queen knelt behind Serena, cupping a buttock in each hand. She drank Serena's
juices and licked her pussy. Serena came. She had to find somebody to give her
the spanking of her dreams.



Rei's deepest, darkest desire was to sexually dominate Serena andDarien. She'd
lay in bed, fantasizing about her best friend and her best friend's boyfriend.
She'd picture herself wearing thigh-high black vinyl boots, elbow-length black
vinyl gloves, and a matching corset. They were alone in a dark room with stone
walls, manacles and a couch in the center. Darien was nude except for his tuxedo
mask and the gold ring around his cock. Serena was also nude, except for the
line of gold rings along her pussy lips. They both knelt before Rei. "Mistress,
please, use us." They said together. Rei would lead Darien to a table set with
cuffs, and chain him down spread-eagle. Golden chains bound him to the table at
his wrists, ankles, waist and neck. Rei would then turn to Serena and put her
into bondage also. She would lead Serena to a wooden horse and have her bend
over it. Rei would secure Serena's ankles and thighs to the horse, then her
wrists. Serena's ass was presented perfectly. Rei raised her riding crop and
brought it down on Serena's cute littlebutt. Again and again and again. Serena
gave adorable little whimpers as Rei admired the red welts on her ass. Rei
touched Serena's pussy.

It was wet and hot. Rei inserted two of her fingers into Serena. Serena moaned
with pleasure. Rei stroked the inner walls of Serena's pussy until she sensed
Serena was about to cum. She strapped on a thick black, twelve inch dildo. She
stepped in front of Serena and touched the head of the dildo to Serena's lips.
"Suck it, slave slut." Rei commanded. Serena obeyed, opening her mouth and
taking the dildo into her mouth. She sucked on it, excited, eager to have her
Mistress fuck her with the dildo. Rei was aroused by the sight of her Princess
sucking her dildo. She walked around to Serena's rear and inserted the dildo
into Serena's pussy. She held on firmly to Serena's hips as she worked the
rubber in and out of Serena. Serena came but Rei didn't stop. She continued
fucking Serena and Serena came again and again. Then she unstrapped the dildo
and left it inside of Serena. She was ready for a fucking herself. She went over
to Darien and climbedon top of him. She squeezed his balls. He whimpered in pain
and would have lost his erection if he could. Rei lowered herself over Darien.
They both moaned with pleasure. Rei rode Darien to orgasm after orgasm. But his
cock ring prevented him from cumming. Rei fell asleep satisfied, curled on top
of Darien's body, watching Serena squirm in bondage.



Mina's fantasy was of herself and the other Seneshi engaged in a torridorgy. She
was the descendant of the sex goddess, after all. They were all nude. Their
luscious young bodies glistened with suntan lotion and sunlight. They were
lounging on a huge white vinyl beach blanket. Mina was laying on her back, legs
spread wide. Ami was kneeling between her legs, kissing and licking her pussy.
Rei was kneeling over Mina's face, her hands grasping Mina's tits as Mina ate
her pussy. A few feet away, Serena was on her hands and knees, being fucked by a
dildo-wearing Lita. Serena's moans rose louder and louder as she reached climax
after climax. Chibi sat watching the Seneshi and fingering her own pussy. The
lesbian Outer Senshi, Uranus and Neptune, were in sixty-nine, eating each
other's pussies. Of course, the butch Uranus was on top. Saturn soon joined in.
She'd brought a twenty-four inch double-headed dildo to share with Chibi. She
guided half of that dildo into Chibi and the rest into her own cunt. She layed
on top of Chibi and they fucked. Setsuna couldn't decide who to fuck with her
monster vibrating double-headed dildo - Lita and Ami both had empty holes. She
finally plunged into the blue-haired Senshi's tight pussy.



The butch dyke Haruka had been fantasizing about the Moon Princess eversince
they met. Haruka was certain that she could turn Serena into a lipstick lesbo if
she had only one night with her. As she lay in bed, nude, with her lover, Sailor
Neptune, she fantasized about Sailor Moon. She'd slowly undress Serena,
caressing her entire body. Then she'd kiss her while groping her ass and
squeezing her tits. Serena would hesitantly respond, become more aroused with
each touch. Then Haruka would suckle each of Serena's nipples while fingering
her silt. Serena would moan and groan and spread her legs wide. She'd beg Haruka
to fuck her. Haruka would lay Serena on her back, get between her legs and lick
her pussy until the Princess was about to come. Serena would beg to have her
pussy fucked.

Haruka would stop and straddle Serena's face. She'd tell the girl she had to eat
her if she wanted to get to come. Serena would grasp Haruka's ass and hungrily
nibble at her pussy. She'd kiss and lick that cunt until Haruka came on her
face. "Haruka, you promised! Fuck me please! Make me come." Haruka would squeeze
Serena's tits to remind her who was in charge thenshe'd sit between Serena's
legs. She'd stroke Serena's pussy, getting her fingers wet with Serena's juices.
She'd enter Serena's pussy, finger by finger. Serena would be moaning in
esctasy. Haruka would slowly fistfuck Serena, as deep as she could. Serena would
scream and climax, her pussy spasming around Haruka's hand and arm. This fantasy
made Haruka so horny, she was frantically fingering her own pussy. She reached
across to Neptune's bare pussy and fingered her. She sat up and shook Neptune
awake, "I'm so horny, honey." The submissive femme was annoyed but willing to do
what her dominant girlfriend wanted. Haruka rolled on top of her girlfriend, in
69. She started working on Neptune's pussy as Neptune tongued her pussy.




Sailor Senshi Sex

Part 2

	Darien wanted total control over Serena. That was what he fantasized
about. He'd tie her hands behind her back, ropes wound around her tits. And her
ankles tied together. A big blue ballgag in her mouth. He'd spank her ass then
leave her tied up for hours while he went drinking with his buddies. He'd come
home, and without any preliminaries, would drive his cock into her cunt from
behind. He'd fuck her roughly and cum inside her. Then he'd remove the gag, and
controlling her by her long blonde hair, force her to suck his cock. When he was
about to cum, he'd take his cock out of her mouth and spray his cum all over her
face. Then he'd put the gag back in her mouth. He'd play with her pussy for
awhile, inserting his fingers into her and stroking her pussy walls. Eventually,
he would force his entire fist into her and fuck her until she came. He'd untie
her ankles and get her to kneel on the bed with her legs spread and her face on
the pillow. He'd lube up her ass then spank her until she forgot he was going to
assfuck her. He'd play with her pussy and then spank her some more. Finally he
would shove his cock into her ass and fuck her. He'd stop and untie her
completely and remove the gag. He'd resume assfucking her and demand she beg him
to fuck her harder. She'd obey him, fingering her pussy. He'd put one hand on
the back of her head and force her face into the bed, just because he could.
Then he'd cum up her ass. Of course, she'd clean his cock with her tongue.


	Setsuna, like Rei wanted to dominate to Serena and Darien. But unlike
Sailor Mars, Sailor Pluto was not interested in fucking Serena. She just wanted
to hurt her. She'd chain Serena spread eagle, dangling from the ceiling. The
silly little slut would scream in her annoying, whiny voice as Setsuna whipped
her with a cat'o'nine. She'd whip the bitch until every square inch of her pale
skin was red and broken. Then she'd sit in a high, throne-like chair to watch
Serena's agony. Darien, his arms bound behind his back, would kneel between her
legs to eat her pussy. She'd clamp her tighs around his head and pull his hair,
eyes fixed on Serena's abused body. She'd stop Darien, untie him  and send him
to go attach clamps and five-pound weights to each of his beloved's red nipples.
While he was there, she'd command him to fistfuck Serena's pussy. He'd obey her,
like he always did. Then Setsuna would ride Darien's cock to orgasm, watching
Serena whimper in pain. Later, Setsuna would give Darien a similar whipping in
front of Serena, and give his balls a few nicks from her dagger. She'd finnish
up by branding them both on their asscheeks: Setsuna's Slut for Darien, and
Setsuna's Toy for Serena. Too bad it was just a fantasy; Setsuna pressed the
vibrator even firmer onto her clit and sped up the motion of the big dildo in
her pussy.


	Amy, the shy senshi, wanted the Negaverse generals as her toys. She
wanted to fuck each of them to her pussy's content. She'd recline on her bed;
Malachite between her legs, eating her pussy; Zoicite next to her, suckling her
small tits. Jadite and Nephlite would perform for her. They'd slowly remove each
other's uniform. They'd kiss. Then Nephlite would drop to his knees before
Jadite. Jadite would grab handfuls of Nephlite's long brown hair as Nephlite
took Jadite's cock into his mouth. Jadite would have to wait until Amy gave him
permission to cum. Amy wouldn't let him cum just yet. She'd have Nephlite
assfuck Jadite, both standing. Jadite's erect cock would be ignored. After she
came, she'd send Malachite to assfuck Nephlite, who was still fucking Jadite.
She'd ride Zoicite's big cock while watching the gay threesome. She'd give
Jadite permission to cum, then Nephlite. She would cum but not allow Zoicite to
cum. He and Malachite would have to fondle each other's balls until they both
came. Then she'd have Jadite fuck her from behind while the other three sucked
each other's cocks. She already knew how well Zoicite could fuck from the days
of the Moon Kingdom. She wished she could fuck the other generals, preferrably
all at once.


	Lita's fantasy was her total sexual submission. As the best fighter of
the inner senshi, she knew that she was always in control - except for those few
times the Negaverse had gotten the better of the senshi. So her forbidden desire
was being dominated against her will. The thought of being repeatedly fucked
against her will made her so hot and wet when she was alone at night. Her
favorite fantasy was being captured and raped by Queen Beryl. Thick chains would
bind her wrists and ankles. She would scream insults at Beryl, prompting the
evil queen to gag her with a fat green rubber ball. Beryl would tear her uniform
off, then order five faceless, mindless guards to fuck the defeated senshi. The
hugely muscular and well-hung guards would line up to rape Lita. One by one they
would mercilessly force their monstrous cocks into her tight pussy. Their cum
would be hot enough to burn her. Beryl would remove the gag. All Lita would be
able to do was sob. Beryl would kneel, nude, over her face and give her a
choice: eat her pussy or be assraped. Lita would start licking. The evil bitch
would pull her hair as she rode her face. After she came, she would stand and
laugh. Then she would tell the thugs to fuck Lita's virgin ass. Lita would
scream and bleed as her ass was brutally fucked. By the time the last guard
cums, Lita would be broken. Queen Beryl would keep her chained naked at the foot
of her bed. She'd eagerly eat Beryl's pussy and accept Beryl's huge dildoes into
her pussy and ass. She'd happily fuck and suck Beryl's guards and guests when
her owner commanded her to.


	Rini had a real Electra Complex. Her fantasy was to take Serena's place
with Darien. When she layed awake at night, listening to them fuck; she wished
with all her heart that it was she Darien fucked. It should be her tight little
pussy that he pounded his cock into. She wished she was brave enough to unzip
his pants one evening when they watched a movie together. She would take the
head of his cock into her mouth and suck it until it became hard. Then she would
lick his balls while he groaned and pulled her pink hair. She would take the
entire length of his cock into her mouth, deepthroating him until he came and
shot his warm cum down her throat. He would take off her white cotton panties
and kiss her hairless little pussy. She would moan like Serena while he licked
her clit and stuck his tongue into her cunt. She'd cry out his name when she
came. Then she'd get on her hands and knees, and Darien would shove his cock
into her pussy. He'd fuck her and fuck her. Her, not that Serena. He'd cum and
they'd go to sleep together; him on top of her, still in her.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





