BDSM Library - Fit Family 5 The Epilogue




Fit Family 5 The Epilogue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Unable to resist more fun with the family, especially when Joseph is maid to join in. The last in the fit family saga.
    Another story by PAGAN.

                 Fit Family 11111 The Epilogue

                                               Tea with Daddy.

 Jed made his way along the riverbank. He could see the house. The Merc sat in
the drive. Suddenly he saw Mo. He was running along the fence and Alan was
searching over by the boathouse. He saw a flash of flaxen hair. It was Bianca.
She was moving round the top of the lawns heading for the row of bushes. It was
Jed's guess she was making for the car.

He quickly crossed the back of the barn, stuck the bag in a hole at the corner,
covering it with some wood. He slipped through the barn, darted to the car,
opened the door, grabbed the keys, shut the door and hid at the front.

In what could have only been a couple of minutes he heard the door open. Someone
got in, shut the door and the door lock clicked. A voice he knew so well said
"Shit, where's the damn keys".

He slid along the side of the car and aimed the door-lock remote at it. He then
put his fingers on the door handle and pressed once. CLICK. He pulled the door
open and gazed at the panic stricken face of Bianca

"Hello Honey-Bunch" he grinned.

His hand unbuckled his belt pulled it off and looped it around her neck. There
was hate in her eyes as he pulled the belt tight. Her hands beat at him. He
pulled until he felt the fight going out of her and she slumped back on the seat
as Alan ran up to him.

"Where the fuck have you been" Alan asked.

Jed looked at him. "It's a long story but how the hell did she get away?"

"They surprised us" Alan said as Mo ran towards them "We went to the barn and
you had gone. The two girls were fucking each other like it was going out of
fashion so we took them down and took them in to the house to have some fun with
some very wet young cunts. I was fucking one of them. As she was still hot she
wasn't putting up any fight. In-fact I was making her cream. Mo was fucking big
tit's ass and Rufus was sat on the sofa with seven inches of black cock stuffed
in Mum's mouth when they walked in".

Jed was half listening but mostly looking at the sprawled figure laying on the
car seat. The way Bianca's legs were open the little pleated blue skirt had
ridden up and the top of her dark lace hold-ups were clearly on view. The square
cut top had a button undone and more creamy, tanned flesh spilled in to view.
Her beautiful face only marred by the mark of the belt buckle on her neck.

He looked back at Alan, "Ya go on". 

"Fortunately Mo got the old man and belted him" Alan continued "But you know how
fit this bitch is and she was off and running before we could get at her".

"Well you can go back to your little fuck pony's now" Jed smiled "Go get your
dick's wet again. I'll look after this one for a while". 

"Always did like fucking that one best" Alan smiled as he and Mo headed towards
the house.

"Now that's a fact I can't deny" Jed thought, looking at the unconcious beauty
"Come on you great piece of shagging-meat. Time for you and me to get
re-acquainted".

As he bent and lifted her out of the car he whispered "You don't know what I've
given up to have some more of what you got between your legs".

He laid Bianca down under the beam and then lowered down the rope that had held
Tamzin a few hours ago. First he tied her wrists together with some cord then
slipped the rope over that. With one arm he lifted her and with the other he
pulled on the rope Soon poor Bianca was hanging with her arms extended above her
head as Jed tied the end off.

He looked at her. Her head had dropped down. He stroked her hair, took a handful
and pulled her face up. He smiled and licked over her mouth.

"Needs a little lipstick" he thought "Maybe later. I need to get that red ring
back around my cock.

He picked up the tape and covered her mouth.

"Don't want you shouting and bringing anyone in here. I want you to myself" he
smiled "I wonder if we finished shaving your cunt or if you need a full trim".

He knelt down and lifted Bianca's skirt with his free hand. He pulled the front
of her lace panties down and his smile grew wider.

"You horny bitch. You've kept it clean" he said as he ran his finger up her
naked slit and tickled the fleshy nub. She moved and a moan came from behind the
gag.

" Hello gorgeous. Miss me?" he said, looking into her clear brown eyes "I've
missed this".

He pushed a finger in between the silky lips of her cunt until it could go no
further.

"Suck it in baby" he grinned "Use those pussy muscles on my finger. It will soon
be my boner up that pretty cunt and you know you want too".

She kicked out at him and he fell back.

"You bitch" he shouted "You'll fucking suffer for that. It's time you learned
what the others have learned today. Who's master and who is here to serve".

He moved behind her and as he did he picked up the discarded riding crop.

"If you want to kick then let's just see how high you can kick today" he smirked
"Let's see a nice, high stepping dance".

He grabbed the pleated skirt and pulled it up, exposing a superb rounded bottom
covered by a very small pair of lace pink panties. He admired the view, tucked
the skirt into it's  waist band, took a step back and smiled.

The sound of leather hitting bare flesh filled the barn.

THWACK "Do" THWACK "You" THWACK "Remember" THWACK "The" THWACK "First" THWACK
"Time" THWACK "I" THWACK "Stung" THWACK "Your" THWACK "Gorgeous" THWACK "Ass"
THWACK "Just" THWACK "Nod".

He stared in to her tear stained face, "Do I see a nod?"

She nodded.

"Good now how about that high kicking? When I see you kicking as high as you
were trying to I'll stop. Got that?"

Bianca shook her head and moaned miserably.

"You should have thought of that when you started kicking" he leered, raising
the belt and bringing it down with a vicious THWACK "Now get them up".   

Again the barn resounded to the sound of the crop and female shrieks of stinging
pain.

"Up, Up" Jed chuckled, loving it as Bianca tried to kick her legs out. First one
leg as the crop hit the back of one thigh then the other "How about showing me a
little Can-Can? Let's go Hot Stuff. Dance".

Jed started to whistle the Can-Can tune as he hit the backs of Bianca's legs in
rapid succession. 

"Get those legs up, bitch" he shouted "Your supposed to be fit, you gorgeous
fucking machine" and the belt caught her right between the legs on her exposed
cunt evoking a lovely scream.

He loved Bianca's squeals and cries from behind her gag as she responded to her
whipping  with an enthusiastic, and very entertaining, high stepping prance. He
was going to make her kick for as long as it took to completely exhaust her.
With a hard on like he was getting he knew where his cock was going next. 

Finally he was done with her. She hung sobbing and wriggling, her stinging
bottom and  thighs a mass of red welts. Jed walked over to some lengths of
timber, picked a five foot length out, then picked up some odd lengths of cord
and pushed her legs apart.

He looked at her with her ankles held about three feet apart.

"God your fucking gorgeous" he smiled "Now let's have your interesting bit's on
view".

His right hand moved forward and ripped her top apart to see her well-filled
support bra. He slid his palm under each firm round globe and pulled them up and
over the cup. With her arms stretched fully upwards, her tits closed together as
they sat on top of the bra. He leaned forward and chewed on the full red
nipples.

"Oh My. I wish I had a hat to hang on these big titties" he smirked.

His hand went under the front of her skirt and ran over the top of her shredded
stockings up to her crotch. He hooked a finger through her panties and pulled.
It took four good hard jerks to rip the panty material and he loved to torment
her.


"Feel a breeze anywhere, Hot-Stuff? he snickered, moving behind her and stroking
her red, striped ass "Would you like the hole blocked up? Now why don't we give
you something to take your mind off the whipping you just had?"


Jed dropped his trousers and released his enflamed hard cock. He held her ass
cheeks apart and drove himself up into her as a pitiful moan came from her
gagged mouth. Jed was now in pumping mode and ramming at his favourite hole. His
hands came round and grabbed at her large tits, squeezing them, pulling each
nipple up and down and side to side as far as they would move as he drove his
cock up her frightened little hole.

He was enjoying fucking Bianca. His hands slid down her magnificent body, pulled
the front of her skirt up and fingered her cunt, pulling her back into him. He
was pumping her so hard he could hear the breath being forced from her as he
felt himself reaching his climax.

"Good to be home again" he breathed and then blew his hot cum directly up her
ass.

He untied her legs from the timber but still kept them hobbled. He tied her arms
tightly to her sides then, keeping her wrists tied in front of her, pulled her
out of the barn and made his way to the house.

He stood holding her at the lounge door. Joseph was tied to a chair. His mouth
was gagged and his arms fastened tightly to the back. Each of his ankles was
tied to a stave and his trousers and underpants were on the floor.

Anita, Tamzin and Trudy were still tied the way Jed had last seen them. Elbows
behind, wrists to the side and their tits ballooning beautifully. Anita and
Tamzin were in a 69 right in front of Joseph. Tamzin on her back licking Anita's
cunt and Alan's balls as he ploughed up Anita's plump, young ass.

Right in Joseph's eye line, Trudy had Mo up her cunt and Rufus up her ass as she
lay belly up, sandwiched between them.

"Your wife is one mean fucking machine" Rufus chuckled at Joseph "She loves it.
You watch how she jumps when I tickle her big nips".

Rufus pulled at one ofTrudy's nipples as Mo licked at the other one.

 "Your wife's been taking it all day and you better believe she's gonna be
taking it all night too. Do you like to watch? Is that little pecker of yours
gonna get excited? I hope so. We can hardly see it".

Mo stopped sucking on Trudy's enlarged nipple and laughed.

"Maybe that's as big as his little pecker gets. Maybe that's why his little
wifey don't want us to stop. Come on baby. You cum for old Mo. Show your hubby
how much you like our big black cocks".

Tears ran down Trudy's face as Mo and Rufus fucked her so hard she couldn't stop
her body responding. 

Alan was the first to cum. He fucked himself off up Anita's ass then shoved it
in to Tamzin's mouth for her to clean it. As he watched her sucking and licking
at his limp cock, Trudy screamed out. Rufus and Mo were filling both her holes
and she was climaxing again.

Rufus looked around and saw Jed holding Bianca.

"You got the fresh meat then. Don't she looks tasty? Gonna have me some of that"
he grinned "Hi beautiful. Why don't you get your self ready for old Rufus and
his big boner? The big black snake is coming for you".

Alan finished slapping his cock in to Tamzin's mouth and joined in.

"Rufus. You should see her dressed in sexy kit. She's real sexy".

As Mo got off Trudy he said "What we need is a cook not a stripper. I'm
starving".

"I got an idea" Jed smiled "How about we get the women to cook up something hot
and spitty while they're naked. Then we get us a maid all dressed in sexy gear
to serve us and I ain't looking at the girlies or maybe I am".

"You mean if it ain't got a dick it's a girlie" Mo roared with laughter as the
men looked at Joseph.

The four females were bunched together on the sofa. Rufus and Mo untied Joseph
and hoisted him up.

"You're comin' upstairs with us, chubby boy. Let's get you into something more
comfortable".

As the petrified Joseph was dragged upstairs, Jed went out to the barn and
retrieved the bag. He took out the video and headed back.

Jed pulled Trudy off the sofa and marched her to the video.

"Why has this thing got double player on it?" he asked.

Trudy looked at him and the look on his face told her not to lie.

"It records one tape on to another or it..." 

"That's all I want to know" Jed cut her off " Now tell me how to record this on
to more".                                

She explained it's workings. Jed took three of the tapes marked 'Pony tapes 1,
2, and 3' and put the first one in along with the master. He pressed fast dub
and looked at her.

"If this don't work your all dead meat. Now give us a little play with your ass"
he said, fingering her ass-hole as he took her back to the sofa.

Alan retied Trudy's and Bianca's elbows so they could just move their hands to
the front but only a little. He had also hobbled them both at the ankles. Jed
told him to take them in the kitchen. Anita and Tamzin were tied to two of the
kitchen chairs before Jed went to Trudy.

"You and your sis are going to make us some eggs, bacon and sausages".

Jed looked at the big oven. The bar for the drop down oven door was at least
three feet long. He tied rope around each woman's waist and told them to get the
food and all they needed. Then when all was assembled, he tied the two of them
to the bar by a short rope and turned the gas burners on.

He sat beside the frightened, young Anita. 

"I like the fat really hot before you cook mine. I like it cooked all the way
through and so do the rest of us. Don't we girls?" he said, twisting Anita's
enlarged nipples until she squealed "Now don't get any ideas about throwing hot
fat around or this one's big titties will be first in line".

 There was a commotion from upstairs and then laughter was heard coming from the
stairs. Rufus was the first through the door tugging a rope that was around the
following Joseph's neck. The kitchen erupted in male laughter as Mo followed in
shouting "Make way for the maid of honour".

Joseph looked ridiculous. He had a garter around his head, a blue bra,
suspenders and stockings with a pale pink pair of panties. The crotch had been
cut from the panties so his balls and five inch dick was hanging through. They
had made his face up with lipstick and rouge. His eyes had black around them and
his whole face had been powdered. He stood, whimpering with humiliation, in the
middle of the kitchen, in front of his wife and daughter and the others in a
pair of open toed saddles. A pathetic sight.

Jed grinned at him. "Don't get to close to the cooks or they will have an extra
sausage to fry".

"That ain't no sausage that's a chipolata" Rufus joined in "He might as well
have a cunt" and they laughed.

Alan slapped at both Trudy's and Bianca's asses.

"Come on now, ladies. Feed us".

Joseph was forced to kneel behind the women as the four men spread themselves
around the kitchen.

Bianca picked up the bacon.

"Oh no. Not yet" Jed said "Let's have that fat much hotter".

Trudy stared at Jed with hate in her eyes but he just counted another thirty
seconds. The fat was now spitting at the defenceless women.

"Do me an egg first, cunts" he ordered.

Struggling to get her hands together to break the egg, Bianca's body was five
inchs from the frying pan when the egg dropped in. The fat spat and she squealed
as her stomach and breasts were splattered by the hot oil.

"Let your sis cook the bacon" Jed smiled.

It was pointless arguing so Trudy let the bacon drop into the pan. Both women
cried out as the hot oil spat at them and, unable to cover themselves, their
naked bodies could not escape the splatter. Alan put sausages in the pan and
they all watched as the squealing women tried to save themselves by turning left
and right.

"Them asses always wiggle so nice round eating time" Jed chuckled "Mo. See if
there's any drink left. Alan. Get some plates so the cooks can plate up then
we'll all sit while our sexy maid serves us supper".

 As the meals were plated, Joseph was forced to put them on the table. Jed had
gone and changed the video, picked up a riding crop then went in the study to
fetch a camera he'd seen earlier.

He sat between the two girls while Mo and Rufus untied the women. Rufus squeezed
Bianca's sore ass as he kissed her breasts

"There now. Let Rufus kiss the titties all better" he smiled, moving his finger
to her cunt "Got to look after you. My snake ain't visited you yet. That's going
to be a whooole lot better than being tied to the kitchen sink. Ain't it
sweetheart?". 

Joseph wasn't tied so Jed took the time to make him pose as he set about his
humiliation.

"He's going to look great in the parish mag" Jed smiled at the others "Their own
pin-up girly".

As the females hands were still tied they had their food cut up for them by the
maid then were forced to lick it off the plates. As Joseph moved around, hands
would pull on his cock causing him to scream in pain. The words "That ain't
nothing to what we could do to you if your not a good girly" echoed in his ear.

The meal finished, Joseph was forced to bow as he poured drinks for the four
men. As he went to the men Jed walked behind him, slapping his panty cover
bottom with the riding crop.

"Ready for a night of fun lads?" he smiled as the three started to grope the
women "I take it that means yes. Right. Let's get them upstairs and cleaned up.
Then we can dress them up nice and pretty so we can undress them and fuck them
and they can suck cock the night away" As he passed Bianca he bent and held her
jaw, licking some of the grease off her face. "Up stairs, bitch. I want some
more of you".

All nine of them went upstairs. Alan took the two girls in to one room, the two
women and Joseph were lead in to the master bedroom by Mo and Rufus. Jed oversaw
the proceedings.

First the females were all hobbled then retied with their wrists about three
inches apart behind their backs. As their tits were freed they groaned. The
blood rushing back causing even more pain. Jed took no notice. Instead, he got
hold of Joseph and flicked the crop at his balls. Joseph squealed and held on to
his cock.

"Ever had a wank at the thought of washing your sister-in-laws nice bits?"

Joseph pathetically looked down.

"Well my friend. Rufus is going to wash your wife's very nice bits first so
she's all nice and clean for us to have some fun with. Then we will see".

Jed nodded at Rufus then went down and changed the next video to copy. When he
returned he first looked in at Alan who was in the shower with Anita and Tamzin.
His hands were washing and squeezing their young titties, pushing his finger far
up their little ass-holes and and fingering their teenage cunts.

"Boy, are you in heaven" Jed smiled

He moved back to the master bedroom. Rufus was in the shower with Trudy. He had
her pinned back in a corner, ramming his tongue into her mouth as his hands
enjoyed the ample charms of her body. Mo stood watching as he played with
Bianca. He stood behind her, his hands around her, pulling at her fine nipples
and squeezing them hard if she didn't tickle his balls and play with his cock
which were now pressed very hard in to her bound hands. Joseph, still dressed up
in the ridiculous underwear, stood whimpering meekly beside them.

"Fine looking woman, your wife" Jed grinned at him "Old Rufus can't get enough
of her. He's been fucking her since about ten this morning. She takes it up the
ass and gives really good head but her favourite is sitting on that big snake of
his. Boy does she make it glisten. She gets real wet once you get her going. Hey
Rufus. I think she's clean enough. Let someone else in".

Rufus pulled Trudy out and started to dry her off. he smiled at her,

"Don't need a towel baby" he smiled at her "My hands will do you just fine".

Jed pushed Bianca in and looked at Joseph.

"Well what you waiting for? There's the soap. Go clean her up. I don't like a
mucky hole so clean her out really good".

Joseph stepped into the shower. As soon as the water hit, the makeup they had
put on him started to run down his face, making him look even more grotesque. He
went towards Bianca. She was about to say something but a sharp tap on the
shower door from the riding crop soon stopped her.

The next slap was on Joseph's ass and he set to his task. Jed watched and
waited. He could hear Rufus playing with Trudy but he knew what he wanted. At
first Joseph just washed Bianca's back but after another sting on his ass he
started on her tits then moved down. She was in no position to stop him and he
took advantage of the situation, moving between her legs, rubbing hard along her
slit then under and up the crack of her ass, pushing up searching for her hole,
all without the soap. Suddenly there was a flash. Joseph turned. Another flash.
It was Jed with the camera.

"It ain't very big but it's got itself hard playing with sis-in-law's nice cunt"
Joseph looked down at his hard five inches and then at Bianca as if looking for
forgiveness. Jed hauled him out of the shower and slung him down in the bedroom
chair.  

Jed stripped off and stepped in the shower.

"Is this what you wanted to do?" he said, quickly soaping his hands and going to
work on Bianca's lovely body. He bent her over, reaming out her ass-hole, then
two fingers disappeared up her cunt. Then a good wash of her tits while all the
time smiling at Joseph until he'd had his fun and pulled her out.

The two women were now sat on the big double bed. Jed looked at Joseph.

"You want to get that pecker of yours hard? I bet I know a way" he said "Mo. If
Alan left anything go and get the girls in here".

Mo disappeared and returned with Alan and the two girls. The red marks on their
cunts and titties let Jed know Alan had had good fun with them.

Jed got hold of Tamzin and knelt her in front of Trudy then Anita in front of
Bianca.

"Open your legs ladies so the girls can have a little snack" he grinned "And
spread them nice and wide so their hot little tongues can get you nice and wet.
Sorry your hands are tied girls but you can still use your lovely little tongues
on those juicy cunts. And you see this crop? You've felt it before so get your
heads between those gorgeous thighs and work very hard. Show everybody what good
little cuntlappers you are and you don't have long".

Joseph couldn't take his eyes off the sight in front of him. As the two young
beauties worked their tongues into the women's cunts making them uncontrollably
horny, Rufus, Mo, Alan and Jed watched in silence The only noise was the
slurping of wet tongue up wet cunt.

Trudy was the first to start to moan as Tamzin's tongue licked at and explored
her widely spread cunt.

"Loves a good licking from the girls does your Mrs." Jed smiled at Joseph "Her
cunt gets so hot it can really eat a girl's tongue".

Bianca started to squirm on the bed and that was the cue for Jed to bend behind
the girls and untie their hands.

"O K girls. Time to use your hands" he said "Tickle their cunts. Push a finger
in and move it around in there. You know how. We've done it to your little cunts
often enough".

The girls worked their fingers furiously into the women's open cunts, making the
women jump and moan. Jed stayed down behind them.

"Push one more finger up, girls. That's it. Now three and keep tickling while
you're up there. And keep kissing and sucking those lovely fleshy clits. They
will love you for it. Later, I'll make sure they return the favor ".

The two women were laid back on the bed, their hips moving, pushing towards the
little fingers and mouths. The girls were eager to suck the pussies and make
sure the men were looking happy. Anything to keep the riding crop away from
their exposed asses.

Jed whispered in their ears, "Keep pushing your right hands up those wet cunts,
straighten your fingers and keep pushing until I can't see them, that's right
all the way in, your never to young to learn how to fist fuck a juicy cunt".

Slowly the girls pushed and still licked, Tamzin's was the first hand to slide
in, Jed whispered, "Keep it moving and don't stop using your tongue, just fuck
her", as he said that Anita's hand slide in, "The same goes for you girly, just
fuck your aunties cunt", he looked over at Joseph, "Put on a good show don't
they, I think I'll take a few snaps, you know, something to show friends, mostly
yours".

Trudy was screaming as one orgasm followed another, Bianca was moaning and
jumping as her cunt flooded over Anita's hand. After taking some snap's Jed
grinned down at the squirming women as he held both girls heads between the open
legs making sure they had no option but to lick all the juice that was now
dripping out of the excited women's holes, Jed looked at both Rufus and Mo, "If
you slid under these horny bitch's I bet there would be some good ass fucking to
be had, you could ride them home hanging on them big tit's, go on try it, me and
Alan have got two cute young ass's just in front of us, come on, the holes are
here for use so let's use them".  

The girls were not allowed to stop fist fucking the two moaning women as Jed and
Alan forced the women to lay on their side allowing Rufus and Mo to pull them
back on top, both men lowered their hip and pushed there fat black cocks up the
defenceless women's ass's, there was so much juice around that they slipped in
easierly and soon the pumping of the cocks and the tickling hands, now well
stuck up them, drove the bound Trudy and Bianca to relieve themselves by pushing
their cunts in to the sucking girls mouths.

"Getting a hard on watching your horny assed family fucking themselves off?" Jed
grinned at Joseph "They been fucking us for longer then you think and they love
it. They just can't seem to get enough cock. That little wifey of yours loves
three cocks at once. She loves both holes filled with big fat meat and a third
one stuck down her throat. And you can watch your big titted daughter take it up
the ass. She will and love it too. You just sit there and watch".

He bent down behind Anita, put his hands on her ass, spread her plump cheeks,
opened her hole and ploughed a finger in to her.

As Alan forced his cock up Tamzin's ass-hole, Jed grinned and looked back at
Joseph.

"Seems your whole family likes it up the ass. How about you?"

Jed's eyes scanned the floor for a vibrator. Seeing one, he picked it up and
handed it to the pathetic Joseph.

"Shove that up your ass you worthless piece of shit then sit on it"

Joseph looked at him. "I errr can't... I wo...."

"Now" Jed ordered, grabbing at his throat "You get that dildo up your ass and
give yourself a good fucking or I'm gonna beat the shit out of you."

Joseph meekly stood up, bent his knees and inserted the plastic cock up his own
ass-hole.

"Switch it on" Jed ordered the humiliated Joseph "Did you know your little wifey
fucks herself with it when your not home? I think she has some power left in it,
but only just".

Jed's grin grew wider as he saw the chubby little man put his hand between his
legs and switch on the machine.

"Now sit on it, you faggot"

Jed gave him a shove and down he went. As he hit the chair a pitiful squeal
straggled from his throat. Jed looked long and hard.

"Now don't you fucking move" Jed spat as he walked back to the girls, knelt down
behind Anita, aimed his hard cock at her lovely, cute, little ass-hole and
buggered her.

As Jed fucked at Anita's ass-hole he continued his humiliation of Joseph.

"Lovely ass your daughters got. Just look at it. All round and firm. The best
thing is it fucks up a treat. Would you like to see her fist fuck her Mum? Would
that turn you on? Looks like your wifey will fuck anything right now. Mo seems
to be having a great time fucking her ass".

Jed grabbed at Anita's huge tits as he pushed himself deep into her ass.

"You want this cutie to sit on your little pecker?" he taunted Joseph as his
hand went between the girl's legs and he pushed two fingers up her "How many
times have you wanted to fuck your own daughter? She's got a lovely tight cunt.
Bet you wanted to do some sucking on this cute little hole. Bet you would be
great with your faggot ass up in the air and Rufus fucking it while you muff
your kid here. You fancy that? You fancy a bit of your daughter's pussy pie?".                     

As Trudy and Bianca groaned out another orgasm, Jed told the girls to pull out
but not to wipe their hands and wait while they all had their asses filled.

Alan was the last to fill an ass. Rufus and Mo threw the two exhausted women to
one side and got up. Anita and Tamzin were curled up on the floor sobbing as the
four men gathered round Joseph.

"Stand up chubby. Let's see your pretty ass. We want a nice picture of it".

Joseph stood and turned slowly round as pictures were taken of him smiling,
waving and pointing to the dildo stuck up his ass. All the time he was being
threatened with the crop if he didn't pose well. They enjoyed their torment of
the fat little rich man until they had finished the film. The last three snaps
had him licking the cum off the girls hands.

Jed went and brought up the last of the wine while the females and Joseph were
all made to get on the bed. As the men stood and sat around the room swigging
from the bottles, Jed looked over their captives.

"Well. Much as it pains me to say this, it's getting close to us having to leave
you. Much as we feel you have enjoyed our visit, you may be tempted to say
something about us to others. Now that would be very foolish. Because if you do
then we will be forced to use a little plan, paid for by our visit to another
place not so long ago, that will cause a lot of embarrassment to you all".

Jed took another swig and continued.

"So I have put those tapes and the camera in your car, which we will borrow. I'm
sure you don't mind. Then we'll drop them off with a business associate who will
mail pictures and tapes to Temple construction union office, the ladies golf
club, the fitness centre, the school, and other addresses that you don't want me
to say and all sorts of social places that you have in your diary. But only if
anything happens to us. There is another little detail but you will find out
about that later".

Finishing the bottle, he told every body to go down to the kitchen. The men got
plenty of ropes and tape and set to tying Anita and Tamzin tightly to kitchen
chairs with their legs  tied widely open into lovely, cunt showing splits. They
then gagged and blindfolded them, rendering them helpless. Trudy was next and
she was tied just as tightly but Bianca only had her arms tied behind her,
gagged then blindfolded.

Jed smiled at Joseph, and said loudly, "God those two little cunts on them girls
look tasty tied open like that. I think I'll have me a last suck on them"

He grabbed Joseph, made a signal not to speak, pushed him between Anita's legs
and nodded. Joseph looked at his daughter's delicious young pussy and, knowing
she wouldn't realize who was doing it, he licked his lips and stuck his tongue
up her sweet open cunt.

He was really getting into it. His tongue and fingers lapping up and down the
nice young slit when there was a flash. Jed held the camera.

"Whoops didn't know there was one left" he grinned, accompanied by a roar of
laughter as Mo dragged the shaking Joseph from between his daughters legs and
tied him to a chair. After gagging and blindfolding him, Jed looked at them.

"Well lads. Time to go" he said.

"Pity" Rufus said "I could do with a last fuck"

"Good idea" Jed grinned "I'm sure the ladies won't mind. Anyone else want a fuck
for the road? Or is that a silly question".

The gags were removed, each man picked a mouth and the four of them stood
happily smiling at each other as four mouths sucked as hard as they could until
there were four sets of cum soaked dripping lips and four different sounds of
females choking, coughing and spitting on male juice.

The gags replaced, Jed stood at the kitchen door, Bianca at his side.

"You may have not noticed but I have a bra, panties and a pair of running shoes.
I don't know if they will fit her but the lovely Bianca will come with us for a
while" He announced to the others "At the right distance she will put these on
and run back here. I hope she's still as fit as she was as she will certainly
have to get a lick on. We have locked all the windows and we will lock this
door. She will have the key. Oh yes. While she's gone you may hear a slight
hissing noise. We will be leaving the gas on so don't breathe to much. Goodbye".

Bianca was pushed out to the car with the sound of muffled moans ringing in her
ear. Mo drove and soon Alan and Rufus had Bianca between them on the back seat
as the Merc purred up the drive. Jed gave directions up to the crossroads and
looked behind. Rufus had a hand on her naked open crotch as Alan sucked on a
nipple.

"Don't get too excited" he laughed "We ain't taking her that far".

When they reached the crossroads, the car stopped and the naked Bianca was
pulled out. They dropped the bra, panties, keys and shoes in front of her, took
off the blindfold and untied her.

"You're a fit girl" Jed said, holding her arm "And we have enjoyed our meetings.
Now you better keep quiet about this. I told Rufus all about Lauren and Jade.
You wouldn't like to see them on the end of his boner and I can assure you he
would just love some of that nice young cunt. Now give me a kiss like a good
pussy, put on the pretty undies and I'll let you start".

Bianca forced herself to kiss him long and hard, then they got into the car and
drove off, leaving her struggling into the set of small undies.

As the car purred along the road, Jed looked at the men.

"Now that was what I call fun" he smiled "They took everything we could do to
them really well, I thought"

Alan laid back on the seat and laughed.

"Well it's what I thought you would expect from a Fit Family".


                                                         PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





