BDSM Library - Torturing Tanya




Torturing Tanya
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man and his new lover plot the torture and demise of his estranged wife. Brutal stuff with a lot of twists and surprises. Quite long, but those who stay to the end might be pleased.
Torturing Tanya (Part One)

by T W Cloth

It had never occurred to Dave to actually hurt her. He had always been the
perfect gentleman; he had always endured her mood swings and her sharp tongue.
She had always been able to whither him with a look or a word. He had a lifetime
of stored up hurts and anger welled up inside of him, and with the help of his
new girl friend and her ex-convict brother; he learned how to hate and he
realized that he could bring himself to hurt this woman he had loved since
childhood.

He was pretty much a loser. Never able to hold a job for long; never able to
provide any kind of real emotional support; and worse... never able to break
free of his mothers control... even when it came to choosing her over Tanya, he
stuck by his mother's side... and that was another source of his hatred of
women... and his poor estranged wife was to be the outlet of his newfound
homicidal rage. The woman who had stood by his side and was in truth the only
one who had ever supported him and tried to be his rock, the steadying influence
that might have helped shape his life into something was instead the to bear the
brunt of his frustrations and his hatred.

It had taken several months for him to muster the courage. He had not really
believed he could go through with it, but pumped up by his lust for Vonnie and
by Big Mel, her brother; he caved in. Little did he know that he was playing
right into the perverted hands of his new friends... they had hoped to savor
this kind of thing again... it was not their first time concocting such an
event... and their true joy came from helping turn such a man against the one he
was supposed to protect... and from managing to convince their hapless accessory
that they were brother and sister and not lovers...

It had been Vonnie's pilgrimage to the small town nearly a year before that had
been the catalyst to it all. Dave had not been so much interested in her at
first as he was just tired. He'd been married for over twenty years to Tanya and
now as she entered her forties and he approached forty-five; he began to long
for something new... something different... and as such men do, resent the woman
that the little girl he had married so long ago had become...

The trio had discussed Tanya's demise on a few occasions over drinks and Vonnie
had even discussed her helping dispose of Dave's spouse during fore-play; a
situation that Dave had found very erotic and that he began to fantasize about
more and more. Big Mel was to come along for the muscle; Dave didn't really know
how kinky and twisted his new lover's "brother" was... but he was about to learn
and tragically for Tanya, so was she...

*****

They had actually discussed it several times but the plan required secrecy. Two
of his three children still lived with Tanya, and Dave's eldest was often over
as well. They had considered forcing her car off the road and taking her that
way, but they all agreed that there was a greater risk doing that. Dave was not
a brave man; in fact to most people's thinking a man who would consider and
perpetrate such a thing on any woman, much less his own wife, could never be
considered brave... It had also been considered that Dave might find a way to
lure the kids away from home for a night, and let Mel handle the job... but both
Vonnie and Mel protested... saying that they would gladly help, but Dave had to
be a part of the actual event...

At one point Dave was willing to kill her quickly. Quietly. Peacefully. On his
own. When she had been working nights he had stayed over occasionally to watch
their youngest child, his only daughter, and on one chilly night he had actually
drugged the child and tucked her into bed. He had planned and prepared to kill
Tanya upon her arrival home after the restaurant had closed.

He had waited in the darkness of the night; near the shadows where an evergreen
grew next to the house. He had already filled her tub with water and had a
large, smooth piece of mountain rock in his hand. He considered... strongly
considered... slamming his wife in the head with the rock and rendering her
unconscious. He would then quickly carry her inside, strip her of her clothes,
and slip her helpless body into the waiting water. Instant accident. Foolproof.
He even considered how he might rape her for one last fuck... if anybody ever
said anything, if the cops questioned him, he could say that they had kept
sexually active and she must have slipped in the bath just after he left...

But with sweaty palms and brow, he considered the circumstances. What if he
didn't knock her out with the first blow? What if she woke up when he put her in
the water? How could he explain more than one bump to her head and how could he
get away with it if he had to fight her... so he chickened out and dropped the
stone and snuck back inside just as her car entered the driveway from the lonely
stretch of highway...

*****

Forcing her off the road had looked good to him as well, but Vonnie and Mel had
been dead set against it. He knew she was a good driver, but anybody can have an
accident. He had fantasized having them run her off the road and then him
happening upon the scene... to see that she was dead or to make sure that she
died. He figured that if she survived the accident, he could again knock her out
and drag her from the car and leave her in the frigid winter elements. Probably
he could get away with that too, since it's not uncommon for someone to be in
shock after a violent crash and if physically able, to walk away and get lost...
Mel had said that if they chose that method, they should plan to bring a
tow-truck and take both her and the car to another location... selling the car
to a chop-shop and finding another way to dispose of her body... Finally Dave
agreed that there had to be another way... if there was to be a way at all...

*****

The night before the incident, Dave lay in bed with Vonnie... she and Mel had
already discussed the situation and agreed that they just had to make it
happen... quietly if possible, but quickly. Tanya was making noises like she was
going to ramrod the divorce through despite Dave's feet dragging and she stood a
damned good chance of beating him out of the property that Vonnie and Mel
coveted...

"Honey," Vonnie cooed to Dave as she stroked his cock with her delicate fingers,
"I really want to share Tanya with you."

"What?" Dave gulped as he looked at Vonnie and ran his fingers through his hair.

"You've spent twenty plus years fucking that pussy and I want to find out what
it's like," she said, "and I think Mel does too..."

"But I thought we were going to find an easy way to do this," Dave mildly
protested... as much as a man whose cock is being stroked can...

"Hey baby," Vonnie whispered as she glided her mouth toward Dave's excited
penis, "this has gone beyond simple. She needs to suffer for hurting you. And I
think we deserve a little fun."

Dave wanted to argue the point, but as Vonnie's moist mouth engulfed his meager
manhood he closed his eyes and moaned softly.

"Anything for you Vonnie; anything you want..."

*****

The plan had been orchestrated quite efficiently. It wasn't arrogance that they
thought so, they had laid the perfect trap as far as they were concerned. Dave
had scheduled to have Wendy for the weekend; his first real effort at
visitation. He knew that he was successful in drugging her once, and he would do
so again. Wendy hated Vonnie and would have nothing to do with her, so she and
Mel would come afterward. Dave would call Tanya and tell her to come quickly
because Wendy was sick and wanted to go home.

*****

Having parked their vehicle around back, Vonnie and Mel entered the house just
as Dave was carrying his daughter to bed.

"Out like a light I see," Mel said with a twisted little smile on his ugly face.

"Yeah, the stuff you got worked as good as last time," Dave said as he
disappeared from view.

Vonnie opened the refrigerator and pulled out three cans of Miller Lite.

"I miss that damned dog," Mel remarked.

"What damned dog," Vonnie asked.

"You know... the spotted little dude... Spuds Whatchcallit," Mel said as he
popped the top of his can.

"That was Bud Light," Dave remarked as he returned to his partners in crime.

"No, that was the frogs," Vonnie said.

"No, the frogs weren't for a light beer, it was Spuds..."

"Does it really matter?" Vonnie asked, "We're about to solve all of Dave's
problems and have some fun in the process..."

"Yeah," Mel said and his sick little smile returned.

Dave sipped his beer in silence. He hoped the shiver that ran up his spine was
not too evident to his friends. He wasn't sure if it was fear or excitement...
or a mixture of the two...

Vonnie handed him the phone.

"It's time sweetheart," she cooed as she traced her finger along his forearm,
"make the call..."

*****

End Part One

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Two)

by Paul Mellette

Swallowing hard, Dave picked up the phone. Vonnie ran her fingers through his
greasy hair and gently scratched his scalp as he nervously punched out the phone
number. Big Mel sat and opened another beer and pulled a package of Marlboro's
from his shirt pocket and lit it with a match.

In the next room, Wendy slept her drug-induced sleep; unaware that if all went
according to plan, her mother would have been murdered by the time she awoke.

Dave impatiently listened to the sound of the phone ringing and closed his eyes.
The moment of truth had arrived and with Vonnie behind him, he knew he might
actually be able to see this through.

*****
Tanya was on the phone already. Her eldest son called her often and all too
often she had little time to talk at length. Tonight, with Wendy gone and Alex
out with a friend, she had time for Wade and she was enjoying hearing about his
new girlfriend and her baby.

At first she almost ignored the call waiting beep, but finally she answered it.

"Tanya," Dave's voice stammered into the phone, "you need to come over. Wendy's
not feeling good and wants to go home."

Tanya's first instinct was to tell Dave to get off his ass and bring her; but
she realized that she didn't really want him around her house... if she went to
pick Wendy up she could then leave immediately and not get dragged into a long
fight like seemed to happen all to frequently.

"I'm on the way," she answered and broke the connection.

*****

Dave looked at the phone for a second, exhaled. He turned to face Vonnie who
looked back into his eyes.

"She's on her way," he said.

"This is it," she said as she licked her lips slightly, "your moment of truth."

"Yeah, I guess it is," Dave agreed as he found himself nervously licking his own
lips. Vonnie watched him and then planted her moistened lips onto his and drove
her tongue into his mouth. Despite the nervousness he felt, Dave could not
resist this woman. He kissed her back and realized that he was about to do the
most horrendous thing he had ever considered, and was looking more forward to it
that he had ever looked at anything before.

*****

"You still there," Tanya said into her phone.

"Yeah Mom, who was that?"

"Your Dad, Wendy's sick and I have to go pick her up."

"He should bring her," Wade protested.

"He should do a lot of things he doesn't do anymore," Tanya said coldly.

"Yeah," her son agreed, "I know. Let me know how Wendy's doing when you get
home, ok?"

"Sure son," Tanya said, "I love you."

"I love you to Mom," Wade answered and Tanya hung up the phone, slipped on a
pair of white sneakers and grabbed her purse. She slammed the door behind her
and climbed behind the wheel of her white Camaro and began the twenty-minute
drive to Dave's new home.

*****

"She'll be here in a few minutes," Mel said as he stood from the sofa.

"Yeah," Dave answered as he paced nervously.

"Calm down baby," Vonnie said soothingly to him, "it's going to be fine and it's
going to be hot!"

"I can't help being just a little nervous," he said as he tried to hold still.

"We need her to get inside and then nothing can go wrong," Vonnie told him.

"She'll come in with no problem," Dave said, "You and Mel will need to do your
part, and be ready in case I fuck it up."

"Dave," Mel smiled at him, "she gets inside here and I'll make sure she never
leaves..."

The sound of the car crunching the gravel of the driveway alerted them and Mel
and Vonnie disappeared from view; Vonnie into the room where Wendy was sleeping;
Mel into the kitchen. Dave stood in the doorway as Tanya climbed from her car.

"I should have never let her come with you," Tanya shouted at Dave as she
climbed the stairs, "you never did know how to take care of her."

"Quit your bitching," Dave found himself suddenly emboldened, "She's in the back
bedroom; I think she's got a fever too. I can't get her to wake up."

Dropping her purse at the door, Tanya brushed past Dave and headed toward the
back of the house. Dave watched her and marveled at the way she moved. He had
always been in love with her body more than he was in love with the rest of her.
Her mouth had always been a source of contention; she had always been at odds
with his mother and it had always spilled over onto him. He could never
understand why she couldn't accept that he had to do what his mother wanted if
he hoped to take over the ranch upon her death.

Watching her firm ass move beneath her tight jeans as she marched toward the
bedroom; Dave thought of the movement her breasts would be making as they would
be moving beneath her shirt. Remembering the sight of the first time he had seen
her naked; those many years before, brought a sight shudder to him again. He
couldn't believe it had come to this. He couldn't believe he was about to be
party to her murder... and worse, the intentional infliction of pain and
suffering on her. But he knew that Vonnie wanted it for some sick reason, and
whatever love he might have felt for Tanya was not longer there. Vonnie was now
the one he sought to please. He hoped this would prove to her, beyond a doubt,
just how devoted he was to her.

Tanya opened the door to the bedroom and gasped. Wendy lay asleep on the bed.
Vonnie sat on the edge of the bed, feeling the girls' head as if checking for
the fever.

"What are you doing in here with my daughter?" she demanded to know.

"Oh sweetie, how ARE you?" Vonnie said as she stood from the bed.

"I asked you a question, bitch!" Tanya barked.

"You know, you shouldn't call me that," Vonnie said with a smile, "I mean, after
tonight, I'm going to be all the Mommy your little girl ever knows."

"What?"

"You heard me... you stupid cunt," Vonnie laughed as she moved toward Tanya.

"Oh my God," Tanya said as the realization of the words hit her. She spun and
started to flee out the doorway. brushing past Dave, who showed no emotion as
she did. Vonnie shouted a curse at him.

"Stop her you fool!"

As she darted for the door, it was Mel who stopped her. He stepped from the
kitchen directly into her path Tanya literally ran into the big man and bounced
back a step.

"Get out of my WAY!" Tanya shouted as she tried to move past the behemoth that
stood between her and freedom.

"I don't think so Tanya," he answered, "You see... we've got big plans for you
tonight."

"Oh... no..."

"Oh yes Sweetheart," Vonnie chirped, "Dave couldn't have done this without help,
but it's what he wants; right Baby?"

Dave stood and looked at Tanya blankly for a moment, and then at Vonnie.

"Yeah, this is exactly what I want," he said.

Tanya made one more effort to dart for the door, but Mel's powerful hand grabbed
her by the arm and pulled her toward him. He spun her and held her fast from
behind, his arms locking hers behind her back. Dave stood by silently as Vonnie
grabbed a washcloth from the bathroom and opened the cap on a small brown
bottle.

"No... Let me GO!" Tanya sputtered as she struggled against the powerful Mel's
grip. But her captor was far superior to her in strength and she felt the
powerful arms not only nearly wrenching hers from their sockets, but also
forcing her neck in such a way that she had difficulty breathing.

"Take your time Vonnie," Mel chuckled, "This sweet little thing ain't no problem
at all..."

Tanya could feel the big man's erection as he held her fast against his body.
Worse, she could see the slight bulge in her husband's pants as he watched what
was happening to her.

Then Vonnie was beside her. The white cloth was held firmly over her protesting
mouth and nose. Tanya tried desperately to escape the powerful fumes but it was
no use; she was no match for Mel and Vonnie had wisely stood to her side so it
was not possible to effectively kick at her.

"Breathe it in," Vonnie purred softly in Tanya's ear, "Let the sweet fumes put
you to sleep. It's the last peaceful rest you'll ever get..."

"Mmmphgghhhfff," Tanya protested violently into the rag. She tried again to jerk
her head from side to side, but each movement hurt as he muscles were so
constricted by Big Mel's grip.

She held her breath as much as she could, but it was no use. The fighting
against her captor caused her to have to breathe more rapidly, and each lungful
of the chloroform drove her closer and closer to the approaching darkness that
wanted to engulf her mind.

Tanya looked pleadingly one final time at Dave. He had once been her hero, her
knight in shining armor. But the years had obviously tarnished the armor. And
they had also found the love they had once felt for each other in had flickered
down to nothing more than an ember... or maybe even the mere memory of an
ember...

"I can feel her going," Mel said. Tanya could hear the words; or at least the
sounds... she was too far gone to comprehend the words... and at this point, too
far gone as well to ponder what the rest of the night held in store for her...

With one final little cough of protest, Tanya slumped totally unconscious.
Vonnie held the cloth over her opponent's face for another few breaths of
effect, and then backed away. Big Mel lifted Tanya and tossed her over his burly
shoulder like a sack of Idaho spuds.

Vonnie walked over to where Dave still stood, almost catatonic in his
appearance. She brushed her hand lightly across his bearded cheek.

"That wasn't so bad, now was it baby?" she asked.

"Uh, no I guess not..."

"Good... and now the real fun begins," Vonnie said as she rubbed her hand
through his hair, "Come on, we need to get her car away from here... I'll drive
it and you follow in your truck..."

"What about Tanya?" Dave asked.

"Oh baby," Vonnie replied, "She'll be in good hands with Mel until we get back."

Mel laughed as he lowered Tanya's unconscious form into one of the kitchen
chairs.

"Yeah," he said, "She'll probably still be sleeping when you get back. But don't
worry, if she wakes up, I'll keep her entertained..."

And as Mel laughed maniacally at his little joke and his warped notions, Vonnie
took Dave by the hand and led him from the house and to his truck...

*****

End Part Two

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Three)

by Paul Mellette

Tanya sat slumped in the old wooden chair. Big Mel busied himself with the ropes
with which he was binding her. He whistled happily as he worked.

"You know what sweetheart," he said as he lashed her arms tightly to the back of
the chair, "It's been so long since I got to do a sexy little cunt like you...
I'm gonna make you last for a long time..."

Tanya was not listening. She was in no condition to protest or argue. The sickly
sweet fumes of the chloroform that had recently invade her lungs kept her
mercifully unaware of her situation.

"Yeah baby, I'm gonna make you scream," Mel whispered hoarsely as he unbuttoned
her black and red striped shirt to expose the soft flesh of her belly... and the
hot red bra that she wore beneath the shirt.

"Oh yeah baby, you are one hot number..." Mel said admiringly, "I can't believe
that loser Dave dumped you for Vonnie... but his loss is definitely my gain..."

*****

Vonnie and Dave met up at the top of the mountain. The nearby ski resort could
be seen from the top of the hill, it's lights silhouetted against the stark
white of a new snow. Vonnie climbed from Tanya's car and shut the door with her
gloved hand. Dave watched her walk toward his red Ford F-150. He tapped his
fingers nervously on the steering wheel as Vonnie smiled and winked at him.

Climbing into the truck, she reached over and gently squeezed Dave's crotch.
Dave tried to push her hand away.

"We need to get back," he said.

"Why; you worried about Tanya?"

"I want to be there when she wakes up," Dave protested.

"Mel will take good care of her, she is NOT going anywhere," Vonnie said
sternly, "Not until we say so..."

"Still, the sooner we finish this the better I'll feel about it," Dave argued

"I can make you feel better about it right now," Vonnie said as she slowly
pulled the zipper to Dave's jeans down and let her fingers drift inside to find
his semi-erect shaft.

*****

Big Mel knelt before Tanya. Her arms were cruelly lashed to the chair with white
cotton rope. A liberal amount of gray duct tape encircled her head, wrapping
tightly across her mouth. When... if... she woke up, she was totally helpless
and silenced. Mel unlaced and slipped Tanya's shoes off her feet and pulled her
white socks off as well. He smiled slightly at the sight of her red polished
toenails.  He realized that the shade perfectly matched her fingernails, which
was itself a perfect match for her bra...

"I'm gonna have some fun with these tootsies before this night is done,
sweet-feet," he chuckled as he ran his rough hand across the soft arch of her
foot and then began to bind her ankles to the legs of the chair... pulling the
ropes to the rear legs so that her feet were up, off the floor, and her soles
were in an upright position... for potential future access...

Tanya began to stir slightly as the big man finished with her final bond. Her
head began to move slightly and her eyes moved slowly behind her closed lids.
She groggily opened her eyes and surveyed the situation for a second, tugging
slightly against the ropes that held her... and then her eyes focused on Big
Mel.

"Mmmphgggfff," she protested against the gag.

"Yeah," Mel laughed, "I thought you'd say that..."

*****

Vonnie continued stroking Dave; working him closer toward climax but not
allowing him to get there. He wanted desperately to have this orgasm, but the
frustration was as exquisite as it was excruciating. It never occurred to him
that Vonnie was intentionally delaying him to give Mel more time alone with
Tanya. She knew that Mel liked the idea of psychological torture as much as the
physical part. By the time they got back, Mel would have Tanya terrified of what
was to come... without having to hardly touch her. Of course Vonnie knew that
Mel would probably touch her some, but if she knew the big guy like she thought
she did, he'd have managed to do some things that would leave little to no
marks; and probably have cause her to pass back out... or simply knocked her
back out... just before they arrived.

What Dave was unaware of was that Tanya was not the first woman that Vonnie and
Mel had tortured and murdered together. Dave was a pawn in an evil game; a dupe
that was too easy for them to pass up. Vonnie expected that this situation would
provide her and Mel with their sexual thrills AND turn them a profit at the same
time... As she pondered this delicious possibility, she became so lost in her
own thoughts that she allowed Dave to climax... and cursed herself for not
giving Mel more time... It was Mel who had always tripped her trigger, so to
speak. And everything he did with her and for her caused her to want to do more
for him. Giving him Tanya... concocting this evil plan... was nothing more, to
her, than a sexy gift for the man she loved...

As she wiped her hand on Dave's jeans, she realized that this was indeed the
culmination of the plan. What transpired after tonight would be anti-climatic as
far as arousal and sexual excitement went. She was pretty sure that Mel would
find some way to extend Tanya's life for a few more days, but she would never be
as much fun as she would be tonight. And when she was dead, it would be a matter
of marrying Dave... and then after a brief time, killing him and taking over all
the family property. It wasn't even that it was that much monetarily; it would
set them up for a brief time... but it was just too delicious to pass up the
chance to make a profit doing what they loved to do... Poor pitiful Tanya was
nothing more that the wrong person in the wrong place at the wrong time...

*****

Mel squeezed Tanya's right breast cruelly tight in his powerful hand. He twisted
it hard and as Tanya tried desperately to scream into the tape-gag, tears filled
her eyes. This son-of-a-bitch was hell-bent on hurting her... badly it seemed...
and she was helpless to do a damn thing about it...

"Come on baby, SCREAM for me," Mel taunted her as he squeezed her firm breast
again.

Tanya squealed in protest into the gag. Mel laughed out loud.

"Not bad baby, not bad... but I know that you'll be doing better before the
night is through."

Tanya's eyes followed him as he crossed the room and picked up a small black
box. Her eyes grew wide with terror as he unfastened the clamps, opened the box,
and showed her the contents. Inside were an assortment of what looked like
pliers and various metal grips. There were also wires... and an assortment of
knives...

"Tools of the trade baby," Mel laughed out loud as Tanya began to weep softly.

The sound of the F-150 rolling on the gravel driveway and the shadow of the
headlamps alerted Mel to Dave and Vonnie's return.

"Damn," Mel muttered, "Vonnie was supposed to have given me more time. But...
for the sake of the show... Dave wants to be here when you wake up..."

And with that, Mel launched his huge fist against the terrified woman's jaw.
Tanya's head rocked back against the chair, her eyes glazed over, and her lids
slammed shut. Her head slumped forward and hung down; her chin wresting on the
flesh just above her bra...

"Enjoy your nap sweetheart," Mel whispered as he rubbed his hand, "You're gonna
need your energy before this night is through."

*****

Vonnie and Dave entered the house. Mel sat on the sofa with his boots propped up
on Dave's coffee table. He was smoking another cigarette and he nodded his head
in the general direction of the kitchen.

"Sleeping Beauty," he chuckled, "awaits her fate."

Tanya slumped against her bonds in the chair. Her head hung to one side and her
jaw was starting to bruise from the force of the huge fist that had hammered her
back into oblivion.

"Holy shit," Dave exclaimed as he looked at his wife's helpless form. He
approached her slowly, as if unsure of himself... as if he expected it to be
some trick. He circled the chair, observing her from all sides and then he
stopped and watched the rise and fall of breasts as she breathed in and out in a
steady rhythm.

"Yeah, she started to come around too soon and I had to subdue her," Mel lied.
Vonnie glanced at him and he winked at her.

"Well, I can hardly believe this is really happening," Dave said as Vonnie
wrapped her arms around him and kissed his cheek.

"Baby," she said, "this is only the preliminaries. The main event is yet to
come."

"So," Dave said as he turned from the woman he once loved to the one he now did,
"What's next on the agenda?"

"All I gotta say," Mel interjected, "is if you wanna use her before I mess her
up, you better do it soon..."

*****

End Part Three

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Four)

by Paul Mellette

"She's your wife sweetie," Vonnie said as the trio stood around Tanya's
unconscious body. The beautiful blonde was still bound tightly to the old wooden
chair; the creamy skin of her soft belly shone like a beacon against the red of
her bra and the black and red of unbuttoned shirt.

"Awww baby," Dave said, "you know you're all I want."

"C'mon sugar," Vonnie grasped Dave's hand and guided it to the bra-clad breast
of his slumbering wife, "doesn't it get you all hot and bothered knowing you can
do whatever you want to her... whatever your darkest desire has ever been, and
nobody will ever know... nobody will stop you..."

Dave was trying to stay calm. He hated to admit that this situation had him
extremely excited. Even Vonnie's recent hand-job was long forgotten as his cock
began to stir at the image of his estranged wife there before him. The recent
months and years of bitterness welled up inside of him. Their sex had always
been good, and she had also been quite voracious. And when they weren't fucking,
they were usually fighting.

He'd always hated fighting a woman; he had to hold back. If he was fighting with
a guy, he could resort to violence; Dave was a decent brawler. Not the best, but
he'd won more fights than he had lost in his life. However he could never get
physical with her, and she had always been better verbally than he...

It would be nice to fuck her, he reasoned, knowing that it would be for the last
time, and that it would be out of spite and hate and revenge for how she had
made him feel... He could indeed do whatever he wanted... and she was indeed
totally helpless to stop him...

"Somebody better decide something," Big Mel chimed in as he crushed his latest
cigarette out in the ashtray, "I got big plans for that little lady..."

"Chill out Mel," Vonnie scolded him, "This is a big event for Dave... and you
know I want a piece of the bitch before you start carving her up..."

*****

Deep in the darkness of her mind, Tanya could hear echo's of thunder. There was
a storm approaching; it was as if her very soul was terrified of what was to
come. In her tortured dream she could feel the wind buffeting her and forcing
her one way and then the other. She fought to stand and move against the gale,
but it was no use. She was helpless. The lightning and the thunder drew nearer;
she could sense the impending danger, but... there was nowhere for her to go...

*****

"Mel," Vonnie spoke softly, "Can you move her to the bedroom?"

"Jesus woman," Mel said as he moved toward Tanya, "I just got her tied here;
it's a good position for me to start..."

"Please," Vonnie pouted, "I want to have easier access to her... charms."

Dave stood by silently again; lost in thought and breathing heavy. Mel quickly
untied Tanya's ropes and lifted her into his large arms. Carrying her against
him; dwarfing her like she was a child, he moved her toward the master bedroom.

Vonnie felt herself flush with excitement as she watched Mel carrying their
victim. This was her favorite part; when the girl had been subdued and was
helpless in his arms. She followed Mel and watched the slight swaying of Tanya's
arms and legs as they dangled across her lover's massive arms. Each step caused
a gentle movement and Vonnie's head moved in time to that motion.

Tanya's head lay against the big man's shoulder; almost as if she were cuddling
up to him... as if she were safe the arms of a lover and not trapped in the
grasp of a monster.

Tossing Tanya onto the queen-sized bed, Mel began to pull her jeans down and off
her firm ass and legs. Vonnie tugged the shirt away, and Tanya was left in just
her red bra and matching thong. Then as Mel worked on tying her ankles to the
posts at the foot of the bed, Vonnie began to secure Tanya's wrists to the
headboard...

Dave began to moan softly at the sight. Tanya had once asked him to play some
bondage games with her, but he had declined; he had thought it was too weird.
Now he realized just what he might have missed; but then... he was living the
real thing just now; and when Tanya woke up, it might be she who wished she had
never heard of ropes...

"Nice tattoo's," Mel muttered as he stroked the soft skin of Tanya's ankle and
admired the artwork he saw on her skin.

"You like them?" Vonnie asked him.

"You know I like tattoos," he grinned, "They'll look nice in my collection..."

*****

Twenty miles away, Tanya's son Wade dialed his mother's phone number. He
listened to the sound of the ringing and when the answering machine clicked on,
he hung up.

"Dammit," he muttered, "where are you Mom. I hope Wendy's not too sick."

*****

When Tanya opened her eyes this time, it was Vonnie she found standing over her.

"Hello cupcake," she smiled as she let her fingers run along the smooth flesh of
Tanya's inner thigh. Tanya protested into her gag and struggled against her
bonds but she was unable to evade her enemy's touch.

"Oh come on," Vonnie said soothingly, "you might as well get used to my touch;
I'm going to be touching you a lot more soon... and besides, you'll like my
touch better than you like Mel's..."

"What are you going to do?" Dave inquired.

"Sugar," Vonnie turned her head toward him, "didn't I tell you I wanted to taste
the pussy you'd been fucking all those years?"

"Oh..."

"Don't worry," Vonnie smiled, "you can do whatever you want to... to her OR to
me... while I do..."

Dave closed his eyes and swallowed hard. The overwhelming excitement and fear
were doing a number on his nerves and on his brain. He half wished he had killed
Tanya on his own, easily and mercifully. He even wished for a moment that he
might have been content to not kill her at all... but that was no longer his
decision to make...

While Vonnie kept gently stroking Tanya's leg; running her palm along the firm
skin all the way down to her tender foot; Big Mel took one of his knives from
the black box and moved toward the bed.

"Time to lose the rest of the clothes baby," he said and pulled the material of
her thong away from her body and sliced through it. Tanya yelped into her gag at
the feel and then clenched her eyes in frustration as the last shred of material
was jerked from he crotch. While her eyes were closed he repeated the process
with her bra.

Tanya's breast heaved as she breathed in and out. Between the chill of the air
and the fear and excitement... it WAS kind of exciting to her... so much so that
her nipples had grown taut. This was not lost on Mel.

"Hey baby," he taunted her, "you gettin' turned on a little?"

"Mmmgphhfff!"

"Oh I think you are," he laughed. Tanya's eyes grew wide with fear as he moved
the knife blade near her right breast. Despite herself, she seemed to grow more
excited; the more desperate her situation... the more she was afraid for her
very life... the more her body grew hot...

"How's that feel sweetheart?" Mel asked as he lay the flat edge of the cold
steel against her swollen nipple. She gasped a little at the chill it gave he;
but the fear... the fear was becoming a sweet thing. She cursed herself for
letting it be so. This was NOT her choice; this was cold and calculated and
evil, but she had always had an adventurous spirit sexually, and she was
experiencing things now that she had barely even read about. And part of her
liked it.

So lost in thought was Tanya, so immersed in her experience with Mel and the
knife that she barely realized that Vonnie had lowered herself onto the bed and
placed her mouth directly between Tanya's legs. It wasn't until she felt the
first flick of the woman's tongue across her engorged clitoris that she realized
what was happening.

This WAS something that Tanya didn't want. This bitch... the whore who had lured
her husband away from her... down THERE... at her most private and sensitive
place... to torment her. It made no difference if Vonnie meant to bring her
pleasure or to bring her pain... this was more than she could bear. The captive
sobbed uncontrollably as Vonnie began to stroke her tongue back and forth across
her hot little button.

Still, the pleasure was undeniable. Vonnie knew exactly how to please a woman it
seemed and soon Tanya found her body betraying her again... as she began to rock
her hips slightly in rhythm to Vonnie's licks. The woman she hated more than
anything or anyone on Earth was in the process of working her toward orgasm...
and Tanya was loving it. Her mind screamed at her to stop liking it, but the
body does what the body will.

Vonnie let her hand drag gently along Tanya's leg, and then slowly part the lips
of her vagina and enter in. There by her own chin, Vonnie began to finger
Tanya's pussy in perfect timing to the movement of her head and tongue. It was
more than Tanya could stand and her body began to quiver and shake as the throes
of orgasm hit her.

Dave watched and dropped his hand to his jeans and began to fondle himself
through the material. He had occasionally been able to bring Tanya to orgasm,
but he had never seen her like this... and the situation was hotter than
anything he had ever conceived.

Finally, as Tanya's body began to slow and her bucking motion grew calm again,
Vonnie climbed up her body and kissed the captive woman cheek.

"I hope you enjoyed that," she looked Tanya in the eye, "because it's the last
orgasm you'll ever have."

Tanya whimpered softly and tried to look away but Vonnie grabbed her by the hair
and kept her face pointed toward hers.

"You do have one sweet pussy," Vonnie continued, "and that little clit of yours
is awesome."

Then Vonnie leaned close to her ear.

"But Big Mel's into female circumcision," she whispered softly, "and before the
night's over, he's gonna cut it off."

*****

End Part Four

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Five)

by Paul Mellette

The stark terror of Vonnie's disclosure about Mel's most disturbing desire
threatened to overwhelm Tanya's mind. She struggled to control the fear that
struggled back to overpower her. She knew that all looked hopeless, but to give
in to the fear and to lose any hope was the wrong thing to do. She had to keep
her wits about her... on the off chance that an opportunity for escape presented
itself...

Still, the words had had their desired effect for Vonnie. She watched as Tanya
looked at her; eyes wide with fear and dread. And Vonnie savored the way she
struggled to close her legs; to protect her oh-so-available pussy from Big Mel.
And the most delicious sight of all was the way that Tanya involuntarily
shivered when Big Mel moved toward her.

"What did you whisper to her?" Dave asked Vonnie as Mel began to fumble around
with the contents of his "tool-box."

"Nothing important," Vonnie winked, "just a little something to add to the
drama."

"I'm not sure I'm totally comfortable with this," Dave said.

"Baby," Vonnie said as she looked at him sternly, "we're too far down the path
to turn back now."

"I just need to think," he complained, "it's all happening so fast."

"Good idea," Vonnie said, "why don't you go make sure that Wendy's still
sleeping comfortably; take a few minutes to get your head together."

"Yeah," he agreed, "I should check on Wendy."

*****

As Dave left the room, Mel walked close to Vonnie. Tanya watched each and every
movement of the big man. She had thought she was afraid before Vonnie had given
her the little revelation about Mel's penchant for female circumcision. But she
realized that she had never felt such an icy terror as thinking that this
monster's knives would be depriving her of the one thing that she had been able
to count on for pleasure for her entire life... it was more than she could
bear...

"Jesus, what a fuckin' loser," Mel complained to Vonnie.

"Yeah," Vonnie agreed, "he is pretty pathetic, ain't he?"

"I can't believe you even let him touch you!"

"Hey," Vonnie said as she planted a wet kiss on the big man's mouth, "I do it
all for you."

"Well," Mel said as he reached around and squeezed Vonnie's ass, "I gotta admit;
this babe is worth the effort. I wish I could keep her around for a while."

"Don't get too attached," Vonnie chided him, "she's insulted me and you know how
I hate that. I want to see you hurt her and I want to watch when you kill her."

*****

Wade punched the phone's redial button again. He'd done so every five minutes
since his first call and he was getting agitated. He knew that his mother kept
her word. He had once felt the same way about his father, but in recent months
it seemed as if Dave had become more estranged from the truth than he had from
Tanya.

The young man slipped on a denim jacket and pulled on his boots. He grabbed keys
to his Chevy S-10 and pulled his cell phone from it's charger. Slamming the door
behind him, he climbed behind the steering wheel and turned the key in it's
ignition. Even as he drove from the driveway, he was pressing redial again on
his phone.

*****

Mel knelt at the foot of the bed. Tanya strained against her bonds to hold her
head as far up off the bed as possible in an effort to see what the big man was
up to. She was startled when he grasped her foot and began wiping it with a
cloth. At first she thought it was some kind of ritualistic foot washing; maybe
the weirdo had a foot fetish too. But then she realized that it wasn't water but
rather some kind of cold and clammy gel-like substance.

Mel looked at her as she tried to suddenly act disinterested. He laughed out
loud and moved to her other foot and repeated the process.

"I know you're wonderin' baby," he said, "don't try to act like you're not."

Tanya let herself fall back onto the bed. It was the closest thing to protest
that she could launch. If she looked less than interested, she suddenly thought,
maybe... just maybe... this lunatic might lose interest in her...

"See I know you think I'm washing your feet," Mel chuckled, "but this is not to
pamper you... it's to prepare you..."

As Mel busied himself with his bag, on the floor and out of her view, Tanya felt
her heartbeat increasing. She hated herself for not being able to control her
emotions, as if this was some everyday situation that she could just decide to
not let bother her.

But when she felt something being wrapped around her toes, she had to look
again. What she saw send another wave of fear-induced tremors through her body.

Mel was wrapping bare copper wire around each of her toes. Several strands from
a large cord were securely tied; more around the big toe and a smaller amount
around each of the others. Mel looked up again and smiled.

"Yeah," he said, "There ain't nothing like a little electrical torture."

And Tanya found herself unable to contain her pleading; even though she knew her
words were totally unintelligible behind the gag.

*****

Dave sat on the edge of his daughter's bed. She had not moved from the spot
since he had put her there a couple of hours before. So much had happened in so
short a time. He gently brushed the hair from her face as he thought of the day
she was born. For all the shit that had gone down... for how much he hated Tanya
now... she had delivered him three wonderful children. Wendy was the apple of
his eye; but these past several months had even driven them apart. He shook his
head sadly at the thought; but then wiped it from his mind.

Even though he was having trouble participating, he was glad for what was
happening to his wife. He cursed himself for not being man enough to do it
himself. But tomorrow would be a new day... and with Tanya's "disappearance",
his daughter would need him again. And maybe, he thought, they could find a way
back to the special relationship they had enjoyed in happier times

*****

"What are you doing?" Vonnie asked Mel as he finished tying the copper strands
to Tanya's toes.

"Having a little fun, why?"

"You don't do feet," Vonnie pointed out, "You never do feet."

"Oh, that," Mel chuckled.

"Yeah, that."

"Well, our girl here has such cute tootsies; you know, it wouldn't hurt you to
polish yours and pamper them some..."

"Oh?" Vonnie steamed, "Anything else about this bitch that you prefer to me?"

"Hey, don't get all stirred up," Mel chuckled.

"Don't tell me to not get stirred up you freak," Vonnie shouted.

"Hey, who you callin' a freak?"

"I... I'm sorry," Vonnie said as Mel stood to his feet, "I just don't like you
thinking about somebody else..."

"Yeah, well you know what?" Mel said sarcastically, "Her ass is firmer and
sweeter than yours too."

And with that comment, her face red with anger and tears in her eyes, Vonnie
spun and marched into the bathroom; slamming the door behind her.

*****

Tanya watched in silence as her captors bickered between themselves. Was it...
could it be... the beginning of a chance for her? She didn't dare not to hope
so, but she could hardly believe that she might actually survive the night. She
closed her eyes and silently prayed that a miracle might indeed happen. She
thought of the man she loved, so far away from her and wished he was there. She
felt a great sadness that they might not get to make their exquisite brand of
love again. And even if she survived with her life, but Mel did his circumcision
on her first... sex would never again be the fulfilling thing it had been
between them...

Mel interrupted Tanya's thoughts as he began to regale her with the details of
his electronic device.

"This is so cool," he smiled as he held the metal box in his hand. He suddenly
seemed like a boy... a large and ugly boy to be sure... but a boy who had just
gotten a new toy.

She could see that the cord that was attached to her feet ran into the box and
another cord ran across the floor and into a wall socket. The box had a switch
on the top; simple and black. No frills but as Mel explained it, the simplicity
added a new dimension to the terror.

"You see, I can control the amount of juice with the flick of the switch," Mel
chuckled again, "six levels from mild shock to full, fry-your-sweet-ass, force!"

Tanya closed her eyes again... hoping that just maybe when she opened them,
she'd be home alone in her bed... that all this would be a bad dream...

"And of course we're starting with your feet, but I can light up any part of you
I choose to..." Mel taunted her.

And with that, he moved his hand to the switch and Tanya felt the horrifying
tingle of electricity as it left the cord at her toes and was spread across the
gel that had saturated her feet.

As Dave returned to the room, he witnessed his wife writhing wildly on the bed,
pulling desperately at her bonds; her feet flexing and arching and jerking
spasmodically against the electrical charge.

"Your hot little wife sure can dance Dave," Mel laughed maniacally, "and I
haven't even hit level one yet..."

*****

End Part Five

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Six)

by Paul Mellette

Tanya writhed in the bed and jerked against her bonds. She felt her heart racing
as the electricity flowed through her body. She was vaguely aware that it must
be a low voltage because though it seemed to be lasting forever, she was not
dead. Still, she thought she would die any second. Vonnie's brother had total
power of life and death for her in the form of that little black box and his
finger was on the switch...

"Sweet Jesus," Dave said as he watched the scene, "I never thought I'd feel
sorry for her."

"Don't get soft on me," Mel said as he nudged the dial slightly higher. 

Tanya squealed into her gag. She wanted to... needed to scream... but she didn't
know if she could, even if she was not gagged. Her body was not under her
control. Her mind was reeling and filled with pain and fear and for the first
time she knew that death could well be welcome by the time her tormentor had
finished with her.

"I'm not soft," Dave protested, "but I've never seen anything or anybody so
cruel. I'm amazed you can do this."

"Hell, Dave," Mel said, "This ain't nothin'."

Dave swallowed hard and shook his head in disbelief.

"Nothing? Cold and cruel and calculated murder and torture is nothing?"

"Hey, I know what I'm doing," Mel said, "I've done it all before. You know what
amazes ME?"

"I'm scared to ask," Dave said.

"I'm amazed that a man can deliver his wife and his sweet little girl into the
hands of a man like me."

*****

Vonnie stood and stared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. Her eyes were
red and swollen from the tears she had cried. She knew she wasn't the prettiest
thing around, but her willingness to cater to Mel's sick sexual tendencies...
and her participation with him in these murderous escapades... had kept them
together for some time now. This was the first time he had ever discussed
anything remotely close to displeasure with her.

Sure, she knew Tanya was an incredibly attractive woman. Even at forty she had a
body most women half her age would die to get. And she tasted so sweet and felt
so good... Vonnie knew that if she had been a man... and had been mated to such
an incredible creature... she'd have never been able to stray.

Yes, she knew that was another sign of how much a loser Dave really was. He had
held perfection in his hand... he had shared a bed with it's embodiment for over
twenty years... and he had betrayed her in the worst ways possible; by the
adulterous affair with Vonnie herself and then by setting her up to be tortured
and killed like this...

Vonnie shuddered involuntarily. Big Mel was a monster, true. But with such a man
you knew what to expect. Dave was supposed to be a nice guy. When the nice ones
turn bad... that was the true horror of what was transpiring this night. Not
Mel's torture... not Vonnie's desire to see Tanya killed... the horror was
Dave's betrayal of the woman who had loved him for over half of her life... and
who had gone three times into the proverbial Valley of the Shadow of Death to
bear his children for him...

Vonnie found herself almost feeling sorry for "the bitch" that Mel was torturing
at that very moment. It startled her, how she could be so cold and calculatingly
evil and find so much enjoyment in Tanya's predicament... and still find a shred
of mercy and compassion in her heart...

But Vonnie wet a washcloth and wiped her eyes and put on the kind of "face" that
she knew Mel would like... and unlocked the bathroom door... and squashing the
ember of light that had invaded her dark heart, stepped back into the bedroom to
rejoin the torturing of their innocent prisoner.


*****

Tanya was vaguely aware of shouting. Mel had nudged the voltage even higher and
Tanya was sure that she would stand before God shortly... or wake burning in
hell, whichever was to be. Then she was aware of a swift jolt and then blackness
engulfed her...

*****

"You bastard!" Dave shouted, "How dare you bring my little girl into this!"

"Jesus Christ, you are such a fuckin' clown," Mel scolded Dave, "YOU are the one
who brought her in... YOU are the one who drugged her and who has her here, in
the very next room, as we kill her mother!"

"Leave her out of this!"

Mel looked at  Tanya writhing on the bed and flipped the switch higher for a
split second and then down to off again. Tanya jerked even more violently as the
sudden jolt of current hit her... and then  the sudden voltage change wreaked
havoc on her central nervous system and her terror-stricken brain shut down.
With a quiet moan, she fell back unconscious to the bed again...

"OK asshole," Mel said, "she's out again... I do NOT wanna miss anything with
her... and you know what? If you FUCK UP what my plans are for Tanya, I'm gonna
do sweet little Wendy  to make up for it... I really like doin' the young ones,
y'know?"

"God damn you," Dave shouted as he dove at the big man, "that's my little girl
you're talking about!"

Mel caught Dave by the throat and held him for a second suspended in mid air
before him.

"You stupid, pathetic fool, " he said softly, "They're all SOMEBODY'S little
girl..."

And with that, he quickly moved his hands... and as easily as snapping a twig,
broke Dave's neck.

*****

Vonnie stepped from the bathroom in time to see Mel drop Dave's still twitching
body to the floor. Tanya was mercifully unaware that the stakes had just risen
even higher. Her death was to no longer be about property or the kinky desires
of a twisted killer. She had just become a bit of foreplay for Big Mel as he got
himself stoked for her daughter.

"Oh my fucking God," Vonnie shrieked at him, "what have you done?"

"Just put that fuckin' loser out of his misery," Mel said nonchalantly.

"That loser was going to be our profit for this little deal."

"Baby, you gotta know it's not about money with me," Mel replied.

"I know, but..."

"No 'but's', Mel said, "I wanna finish what I've started with this sexy babe...
and then we'll get out of here. And we'll take the little girl with us... for
later..."

*****

At the top of the mountain, the headlamps from Wade's truck flashed on his
mothers white Camaro parked by the side of the road. He immediately steered a
u-turn, and pulled up behind the vehicle.

Climbing from the warmth of his truck into the chilly night air, he walked up to
the car and peered inside. Seeing nobody there, he ran his hand across his face
and returned to his vehicle. He dialed his mothers cell phone number and letting
it ring until her voice mail picked up, clicked the off button in frustration.

"What the hell is going on Mom?" he muttered as he steered his vehicle back onto
the blacktop and continued his trip in the direction of his mother's house.

*****

"Mel," Vonnie said softly, "You know I'll do whatever you want. I was only
trying to look out for us."

"I know," he said, "but I just couldn't bear to listen to that asshole anymore.
What did he think, I was just some tool he could use and then turn off?"

"I don't know what he thought," Vonnie said, "I never asked him that. We had to
play it sort of cool, you know?"

"Yeah, I know," Mel smiled his sick little smile, "and now we don't any more."

"No, I guess you can do whatever you want to Tanya and then we can get out of
here and find some place else to start over..."

*****

Wade dialed the number of a State Police officer he knew named Paco Ruiz. The
officer was a long-time friend of the family, and Tanya's oldest child hoped he
could cut through some of the red tape with him.

"Paco," Wade said, "I'm worried about my Mom and little sister."

"What's the problem?"

Wade told him about the recent difficulties with Dave, about the sudden sickness
that caused Wendy to need picked up; how Dave wouldn't bring her home... and
most disturbingly, about finding the car abandoned at the top of the mountain...

"And what do you think is happening?" Ruiz asked.

"I don't know, but I'm on my way to my Dad's now... and God help him if he's
done anything else to hurt my mother..."

"Hold on Wade," the officer said, "tell me where you are and I'll meet you .
We'll go see your Dad together."

*****

End Part Six

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Seven)

by Paul Mellette

*****

As State Police Sergeant Paco Ruiz pressed the off button on his cell phone, he
thought back to the recent months. Vonnie and Mel had been under surveillance
for their suspected involvement in the local drug trade. Mel had a record as
long as his arm ranging from arrests for assault and battery to rape to
attempted murder. He'd done two stretches in prison and each time came out worse
than when he went in.

Vonnie had always gravitated toward men of such reputation. Like Mel's prison
record, each time she left a relationship, she dove deep into one that was
worse. Paco feared the worst; Mel was a very sick man and was quite capable of
damn near anything. Vonnie was relatively harmless on her own, but would do
whatever Mel wanted.

The case file showed that one of Vonnie's frequent visitors was Dave. In fact,
on nights that there had been round-the-clock surveillance, reports showed him
staying all night. This relationship had already been of great concern to Ruiz.
He knew Tanya primarily through Dave, but he knew of her from many other people.
He was amazed that Dave had managed to land such a high caliber woman and was
even more astounded that he had kept her all this time. He had no doubt that it
was due to her commitment rather than his.

Wade's father was weak. Paco had known that even as a very young man when he and
Dave had worked the rodeo circuit together. He was physically strong enough, but
he had never been able to break free of his mother and had always sought another
woman to take her place. Paco admired Tanya because she had always tried to
nudge Dave gently to use his own wings... to be his own man... but Paco had seen
too many times where his one-time friend had betrayed his loving wife in the
arms of a woman who would, for a while, be the strong kind of mother-figure he
required.

Paco had often wished that he had met Tanya first. He had failed in two
marriages; three if you count being widowed once. He had longed for a woman who
would as devoted and as beautiful as Dave's wife had been... and as he recalled
from the last time he had seen her... still was...

If Dave had fallen under Vonnie's spell... and Vonnie was definitely under
Mel's... it was potential disaster for Tanya. Paco resisted the urge to use the
light and siren, but he drove like a bat out of hell to get to his meeting with
Wade.

*****

Tanya began to stir again on the bed. Her eyes fluttered open and she
momentarily focused on the sight of Vonnie hugging Mel and burying her face
against his chest. Then she noticed the form on the floor and looked for the
first time on the twisted body of her husband. She was too numbed by the night's
experience to feel anything in the way of emotions. He had tried to have her
killed; this was an intellectual knowledge, but the emotion of it would not hit
her for some time... if she managed to live long enough to feel anything about
it at all...

It had been obvious from the drastic change in his manner and personality that
Dave's soul had died a long time before. Now, as he lay crumpled on the floor,
it was obvious that his body had finally caught up. Tanya looked at the vacant
eyes, glazed over in death. She saw the slightly agape mouth that had once upon
a time spoken of a hopeful future and of love.

In recent years he had stopped telling her he loved her. She had finally
realized that he didn't say it because it was no longer true. This was back in a
time when things like the truth still mattered to him. Then he crossed another
line and suddenly nothing mattered that had been essential to him before. He had
literally become a new man... or maybe some would say a possessed man.

Whatever the reasons for the changes, Tanya could feel nothing for him at the
moment. Nothing. Not pain, not sorrow, not joy, not revulsion. He was dead; it
was just a fact... just like it was a fact, she feared, that she would be soon
as well...

*****

Vonnie tried to contain her anger. She knew that Mel was a dangerous man but she
also knew that she was pissed off... extremely... This whole little adventure
had been to give them a measure of respectability. Kill the wife, marry the
husband... kill the husband and inherit the property... marry Mel and live
happily ever after.

Of course, living happily ever after with a psychopathic killer was a tall
order. But Vonnie had thought she could contain him by timing when and where the
evil was released. Using it as a tool and joining him in his adventures was very
stimulating to her... but it also gave her the idea of controlling Mel... and
guiding him to something that he might have never considered... a lifetime
relationship with one woman... Vonnie had sought to be that woman, but it looked
like it was crumbling all around her.

In her own dark little mind, Vonnie blamed Tanya. If Mel hadn't gotten so
infatuated with her... if she hadn't been so god damned beautiful with her firm
ass and sexy feet... and whatever the hell else he might not have mentioned
yet... and so Vonnie began to calculate the best way to have revenge on both of
them...

*****

"OK," Mel said, "she's awake again... and I need to finish what I've started."

"I know," Vonnie whispered, "but would you do something first?"

"Fuck!" Mel shouted, "what now?"

"Baby," Vonnie said soothingly as she rubbed over his heart with her palm,
"please. Take Dave's body outside... stuff him in his truck or something... it's
freaking me out having him sort of watching us..."

"Jesus Christ," Mel muttered as he grabbed Dave's body and dumped it across his
shoulder and began to carry him through the house and toward his truck.

*****

Tanya watched her husband's body being hauled away like so much garbage. She
didn't make a sound or move a muscle. It was beyond her at this moment to feel
anything. But the bound woman did notice something that chilled her to the soul
once again... the look in Vonnie's eyes as she looked at her while Mel walked
away...

*****

Vonnie looked at her captive and knew that she had just a few short minutes
before Mel would be back. If she had any chance of paying Mel back for ruining
her plan, it was now. She turned away and walked quickly into the bathroom and
returned with the wet washcloth that she had used to wipe her face just moments
earlier.

"You know Tanya," she said, "in another time and in another place, we might have
been friends. But it wasn't to be. But look at the bright side, I'm going to
kill you... and it's going to hurt... but I'm going to spare you your
clitoris... you get to die whole..."

And she lay the wet washcloth across Tanya's exposed pussy... and hurriedly
unwrapped the strands of copper from her toes. Vonnie smiled a very evil smile
as she flipped the dial on Mel's little box and moved the bare copper nearer to
her target...

*****

Wade parked in the parking lot of the convenience store. It was still a few
minutes to his Dad's house and he didn't know what he'd find there; if anything.
But it had surprised him just how eager Paco had been to accompany him. And it
scared him a little too. He had expected to be told to not worry, but instead it
was like he was being protected... and he only hoped it wasn't too late to
protect his mother and sister...

*****

The copper wires brushed quickly across the wet cloth and sent waves of pain and
horror through Tanya. She had thought that Mel's devious torture of her by
attaching the cords to her feet was cruel... but for all the wonder that she had
felt at Vonnie's guiding her to orgasm just a short time before, she now felt
the cold and sheer terror of the pain that this woman knew how to deliver as
well...

Tanya's body jerked violently against her bonds and she squealed loudly and
strongly into her gag. She knew that the end had arrived because it was obvious
that Mel was coming back in momentarily...

Vonnie wanted to inflict a little pain, but also wanted to mask what she had
done. She knew that by spreading the area of torture out by use of the wet cloth
in this manner, she might be able to both torture Tanya and also kill her
quickly without Mel suspecting anything. If she played her cards right, she
could hit Tanya with a few more quick jolts and then leave the wires there for
several seconds... long enough for the current to shut down her heart... and
leave her there, dead, for Mel to play with... Snuffing Tanya and depriving Mel
just as he had deprived her. Vonnie smiled at the thought of being in control...
of beating Mel at his own game...

But Mel moved quietly for a big man. And he was not stupid. He had not been
totally convinced of Vonnie's need to get Dave's body away from her. He had
simply dumped the carcass outside and walked quickly and silently back to the
bedroom.

Vonnie was so lost in the moment that it never occurred to her that she might
have miscalculated the time factor. Tanya was writhing and in too much pain to
have warned Vonnie, even if she had realized what was happening and had been
inclined to issue that warning.

Without the warning, Vonnie was not to know what hit her...

Mel towered over her as he stood behind her, his huge arm raised high in the
air. When his club-like fist struck Vonnie's skull, she dropped like a rock onto
the bed and across Tanya's secured left leg. The cord that she had menaced Tanya
with fell next to her on the mattress. Tanya's eyes watched the cord in terror
as it lay so near to her... to both of them... like a venomous snake ready to
strike either at the first sign of movement...

The big man grabbed the cord and jerked it from the outlet. He stood over the
bed and smiled at Tanya.

"Well," he said, "it appears that I've been betrayed too... and since I killed
the one who betrayed you... it seems only fair that I kill the one who betrayed
me..."

And with those words still hanging in the air, Mel grabbed Vonnie's unconscious
body and dragged her to the floor... and began to strip her of her clothing...
whistling a happy tune while he did... A fact that managed to raise the level of
fear that Tanya felt even higher than before...

*****

End Part Seven

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Eight)

by Paul Mellette

*****

Wade dialed his mother's home again. It was a slim chance that she was there,
but he had to know before he and Paco barged in on his father. To his surprise,
the phone was answered on the second ring. But not by Tanya or Wendy, rather by
his brother Alex.

"Alex," Wade asked hurriedly, "is Mom back yet?"

"No," the younger brother replied, "I don't know where she is either."

"Look, I can't explain now," Wade informed Alex, "but you have to stay there...
and call me, or have her call me, the second she gets home... IF she gets
home..."

"What's up?"

"I'll fill you in later, I've got to keep an appointment," Wade said as he saw
Paco's car turn into the parking lot, "just promise me that you'll stay there
until you talk to me again... ok?"

"Sure," Alex replied, "but dude... you owe me big time..."

*****

Tanya watched in awe as much as in horror as Mel methodically stripped Vonnie of
her clothes. Vonnie wasn't near the woman that Tanya was and so Tanya wondered
just what had been the lure... Of course, with Dave dead... and her own life in
serious jeopardy... Tanya might never know the answer to that puzzle...

Mel cruelly bound Vonnie and left her laying there, naked on the floor... He had
tied her in such a way, using the rooms furnishings as anchors, so that her
pussy was as exposed as Tanya's was... She was gagged in similar fashion and
while part of Tanya was ecstatic that Mel was so pissed at her that he would no
doubt turn his attentions that way... she also found herself almost feeling
sorry for the woman who had stolen her husband and had sought to have her
killed... because she had now seen the sheer and utter evil that Mel was capable
of... and deep down in her soul she knew that it was a darkness that nobody
should ever have to face...


Vonnie began to moan softly and Mel stood over her. As her eyes opened and she
realized her predicament, she screamed into the gag... and Mel began to remove
his clothes...

*****

Paco parked next to Wade's truck and motioned for the young man to come over to
his car. Wade turned his key to the off position, and stepped out into the cold
night air and opened the door to the Ruiz' vehicle and slid into the passenger
seat beside him.

"I just called the house," Wade volunteered, "and Alex says she's not there."

"OK," Paco said, "with the car abandoned and with what I know... and what I have
to tell you... we need to get to you Dad's place to make sure things are
alright..."

"Well then tell me on the ride," Wade said and Paco pulled his gear shifter to
the reverse position and backed his car from the parking place.

*****

Tanya watched in silence. She hoped that if perhaps she was very still and
silent, Big Mel might satiate himself on Vonnie. But her next biggest hope was
that he might further satiate himself on her own body and forget that her
daughter was sleeping in the next room.

As the big man disrobed, Tanya began to bite the inside of her own mouth in an
effort to keep from screaming. The back and shoulders of the man were massive
and covered with scars. But it was his cock that scared the living hell out of
her. Mel's member was every bit of a foot long she thought, and she was
terrified to think that it might be over four inches in diameter.

Still, that wasn't what terrified her. It was the... things... it looked to
Tanya like there was a variety of metal studs... at various places on his cock.
His large organ hung semi-erect as he stood over Vonnie.

"Sorry it came to this Vonnie," he said calmly, "but you, of all people, should
know better than to fuck with me..."

Vonnie tried desperately to communicate with her captor. Moaning and mumbling
into her gag... eyes wide in terror... struggling with reckless abandon at her
bonds...

Mel chuckled and turned to Tanya.

"Baby," he said, "this is true fear. Vonnie has been with me before... and she
knows what's gonna happen next... the circumcision... AND the rest..."

Tanya's own eyes betrayed her... the terror she felt at Mel's words... at the
words themselves as much or more than at the threat of the actions. She knew at
that moment that if left unchecked, Mel would do what he was now determined to
do to Vonnie... and still have room for his continued torture of her...

Tanya tried to not watch. She wished that she might be able to faint. She hoped
that she could close her eyes tightly enough that she'd go blind and not be able
to see what was happening... but she also had to watch... because it was like
seeing a preview of what Mel had planned for her...

Tanya closed her eyes again... and shuddered... but the sound of Mel's quiet
talk and happy humming and whistling forced her to watch...

When the night had begun, she thought she would have cheered if Vonnie had
fallen into Big Mel's trap... but now... she could not find any joy. She knew
that aside from the anger; Mel didn't care who he did this to. It was a sickness
that he loved having. It came from deep within his twisted mind and soul. Tanya
listened as he spoke to Vonnie... and somewhat to himself... as he chose two
small knives and lowered himself to a position between Vonnie's legs...

*****

"Mel is an animal," Paco told Wade simply, "I'm terrified that if he's targeted
your mother... or your sister... that we might be too late already..."

"Well then step on it," Wade exhorted, "drive this god damned car like you're
believe we are almost out of time... because it'll kill me to get there just too
late..."

"Me too son," Paco said as his foot punched the gas pedal of his black Chevrolet
Monte Carlo to the floor.

*****

Vonnie whimpered and squealed and shook her head violently in protest, but Mel
began to finger her clitoris. He rubbed gently back and forth across it;
occasionally dipping deep inside Vonnie to withdraw moisture.

Vonnie lifted her ass off the floor and tried to scoot away but Mel lowered his
weight onto her lets and continued to apply the sensual pressure to her most
delicate spot... and soon was rewarded by the exposing of her tiny clit from
behind the fleshly hood...

Mel was humming a soft tune; it sounded almost soothing... like something a
mother might hum to her child if she had forgotten the words... Vonnie had begun
to moan softly and her eyes had closed. Mel continued fingering her while his
other hand reached for his knife...

*****

Vonnie closed her eyes. She knew what was coming... the quick pain and the
numbness and the blood and then the pain... of course, she realized that she
might not live to feel the pain.

She remembered being a little girl. She had always thought she was a princess
and that she'd marry a prince. But there was Daddy with his... touching... and
then her and Mommy had moved and she had needed that touching... and had found
boys who would do it... and the worse they did the better she felt about
things...

Hadn't she deserved it? Hadn't she deserved to be abused and raped and beaten
all those times? The one boy she had thought might save her from it... was not
allowed to go out with her because she had come from the wrong side of the
tracks, so to speak. And then when it was found out that she was "easy", the
rest of the world lined up... or so it seemed... Most were losers... many were
older... a couple were actually the fathers of girls she knew at school...
Regardless, the reputation was solidified and her destiny was secured...

When she had finally run away from home at fourteen, she had run out of options.
She had quit dreaming of princes and just dreamed of a strong man who could take
care of her... who could protect her... She didn't care how sick he was or what
he expected from her... it was better to be perverted with one than to be used
by many... Vonnie knew she wasn't pretty enough to be given a lot of extra
chances. She had to find a guy who would accept her... and she had to be as sick
as they were to make sure they loved her...

Vonnie felt tears well up in her eyes. She felt the preliminary rush... the
building of that great passion that led to orgasm... deep inside her pussy...
causing her clit to swell and to expose itself as it begged for more
attention...

Mel was stroking her and she hoped that for one last time she might explode in
orgasm before his blade stole that from her...

*****

Tanya couldn't help herself. She watched as the monster acted surprisingly
gentle... as he tenderly and what appeared to be lovingly stroked Vonnie toward
orgasm. The dichotomy of his devious mind and his nearly monstrous size versus
his current tenderness... kept Tanya awestruck... and in spite of herself... she
realized that she was getting moist again... She shuddered at that thought
because she knew that in all likelihood, if Mel turned his attentions back to
her, it would be for the same purpose as it was now with Vonnie... to perform a
very sick and twisted female circumcision...

*****

Mel felt the handle of his scalpel-like knife as he calmly and slowly reached
for it. Vonnie's clit had come to the party... exposed itself as much as he had
ever seen it... and now it was having it's last dance... Vonnie had begun to
gently sway her hips as Mel continued to keep a rhythm with his fingers softly
gliding across her engorged clitoris... He watched Vonnie's face; her eyes were
closed... tears ran from them... he thought he could see her lips quivering
beneath the duct tape... like so many others before her; several she had
assisted him with... her body was betraying her... She knew... of all people SHE
knew... and still, the clit had responded to him... to his touch... and she was
on the verge of orgasmic delight...

*****

Vonnie felt her breathing come in great gasps... she was desperate to inhale
through her mouth, but couldn't... as she was gagged securely... She knew that
this was the moment... ecstasy or agony would be any second... she hoped that
she might feel the sweet fullness of orgasm one last time...

For a second she wasn't sure what had happened... it was a sudden thing...
almost like a pin prick... and then she felt the wet warmness... and realized
that it was not from her orgasm or from her excitement... it was the warm
stickiness of blood...

*****

Tanya had been watching for it and still almost missed it. It was a quick and
sudden flick of the knife edge... the super-sharp blade had simply touched the
exposed clitoris and like a razor cutting through paper, had severed it... The
small piece of flesh had fallen to Vonnie's inner thigh and blood had begun to
flow... an awful amount of blood from such a small souce... and Mel smiled and
grabbed the piece of flesh he had just severed... and tossed it into his
mouth...

Deep inside herself, Tanya felt sick. Her own clitoris ached and disappeared
inside it's hood... Her pussy felt dry and she struggled again in a vain effort
to close her legs tight... She felt a nausea and thought she might puke... but
struggled against it for fear of then gagging and drowning on her own vomit...

Tanya saw Vonnie laying on the floor, still as death... moaning a horrible sound
beneath the gag. She realized that her former tormentor and now fellow victim
was in a serious state of shock...

And when Tanya saw what came next, she realized that Vonnie was lucky to be in
shock... and hoped that when it came her turn, she could likewise be so
impaired... or maybe she could just lose consciousness all together...

*****

Big Mel stood and chomped vigorously on the piece of female flesh he had sliced
from his former lover and partner in crime. His lips smacked and a tiny ribbon
of blood stained his chin...

He opened a small compartment in his "tool box" and began to pull tiny metal
objects out... they appeared to small knives.... blades honed to an incredible
sharpness... As Tanya watched with renewed horror, Mel began to attach them to
the studs that lined his massive cock... and with each small metalic click, he
seemed to be getting more and more aroused... and his over-sized penis grew more
and more erect...

*****

End Part Eight

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Nine)

by Paul Mellette

*****

Tanya was exhausted. The ordeal of the bitter divorce proceedings with Dave had
left her drained already. It had been a hard decision, but she had chosen the
high road. Dave was so flagrant in his new relationship that Tanya had felt it
best to shield her children from the fact that she too had found someone new.

She silently thanked God that he wasn't there. She knew that he would have
risked death in an instant to try to save her and she believed with all her
heart that Big Mel would dispatch Joe as easily as he had Dave and as cruelly as
he was now doing with Vonnie...

No, Tanya reasoned, better that she should die knowing that there was definitely
a man who loved her out there... and content in the knowledge that at least he
was safe...

*****

Joe rarely had difficulty sleeping but this night was an exception. He had
tossed and turned and looked at the clock incessantly as he had waited for
Tanya's call. As a general rule, she would call when all got quiet at home. When
Wendy was down for the night... or it was late enough and she was suitably
distracted... but tonight there had been no call. There had been no email. Joe
had a foreboding that he had not felt for some time...

He had tried to tell her for some months that he felt there was a danger
inherent in staying in her home. Everything he learned about Dave and his
digression into the husk that had been killed that night had led Joe to fear for
Tanya's very life. It was the kind of irrational fear that had sought to
overpower him and so he had been forced to face it and to vanquish it... to
accept that the odds of the kinds of bad things he could conceive were quite
miniscule... Plus Tanya had agreed to be more alert and more wise in her
dealings with Dave and Vonnie.

Joe had only recently learned that Tanya's mother shared a certain measure of
the same fears. It made him feel good to know he wasn't alone in his concern...
but it terrified him that a woman who had known Dave for as long as Tanya had;
her own mother; had serious misgivings... so many that she had offered to
underwrite a move... anywhere Tanya would be willing to go...

So Joe sat in his bed and held her picture and fought back his fears and his
worries. He offered his thanks to fate for putting them together... and asked if
fate would mind sending help... a miracle if necessary... so that the journey
that had been ordained for he and his soul mate might be completed... hand in
hand... well into their golden years...

*****

Big Mel looked like something out of a horror movie, but Tanya was all too aware
that this was no movie... this terror was all too real...

Mel's massive cock was now fully erect but the arsenal that he had affixed to
the studs... made Tanya cringe as she looked at the naked and bleeding body of
her former enemy there on the floor...

Vonnie was whimpering and humming... Tanya thought she could make out the notes
of "Jesus Loves Me" behind the sobs and sniffles... Though embroiled in this
ordeal as much because of Vonnie as any of the others, Tanya cringed at the
thought of what was about to happen...

If Tanya had found the miracle of forgiveness in her heart, Mel was oblivious to
it's existence. He lowered himself to his knees and placed his body between
Vonnie's tethered legs... directly in front of her blood soaked vagina...

Tanya knew that once Mel thrust his cock into Vonnie, her insides would become
like so much hamburger... that it was unlikely if she could survive the shock
much less the blood loss.

But for as bad as Tanya felt for Vonnie, she knew that the woman was in a sense
reaping her just rewards. She even considered if she might not have opened
herself up to this because of the hatred she had kept boiling and alive... never
allowing an opportunity pass to make things difficult or even miserable for Dave
after he took up with Vonnie. Nobody could blame her for the hatred and
bitterness she had felt, but... she wondered if she might have been in this
position if she had backed away from some of the battles instead of plowing
headlong into them... Ironic, she thought, since she had been trapped because
she hadn't fought... had agreed passively to pick up Wendy when Dave had called
to say she was sick...

No, she knew, sometimes things happen. Tanya didn't really think she deserved to
be mutilated by Mel; nobody deserved anything so horrible. But the one that was
truly innocent was Wendy, and unless something happened quickly, Mel was going
to kill Vonnie... kill Tanya... and disappear with Wendy... only to torture and
kill her later...

Tanya had tried to be strong... tried to be silent... but she could hold it in
no more... as she watched Mel moving closer to his butchering of Vonnie, she
began to sob uncontrollably... the noise muffled by her gag, but the tears
pouring from her eyes and down each side of her face... Her vision obscured by
the  tears, she closed her eyes... and mercifully missed Mel's sudden
destruction of Vonnie's female organ...

*****

It was all beyond Vonnie now. Her mind had snapped... her brain had shut down in
response to the overload of terror... she remembered a very kind woman who had
taken her to Sunday School several times when she was very young... she
remembered hearing that God could save you from anything... even yourself... and
she remembered the little song that she had not sung since her father... her
Daddy... had stolen her innocence those long years ago...

It was a childlike faith because quite simply, all that was left to function in
Vonnie's mind was the child who had been buried so long before. It was a
personal form of mercy that Vonnie's mind was so focused on the things that she
remembered... that she was totally oblivious to Mel... even when he placed his
hands on each of her hips and moved the weapon-adorned cock dangerously close to
her...

"I should have done this a long time ago bitch," Mel said coldly as he
penetrated Vonnie with the deadly blades...

*****

Tanya opened her eyes in horror at the sound of Vonnie's scream... it was like
the terrified cry of a child who had been hurt... and it brought chill-bumps to
Tanya's body... and tortured her soul like fingernails to a chalkboard...

She cast a quick look toward Vonnie... and wished she hadn't. Vonnie had passed
out... thank god, Tanya thought, the first thrust must have been more than even
her shock-deadened senses could handle...

With Vonnie in no position to resist at all, Mel was thrusting in and out
rapidly and hard. The sound the blades made as they tore at the tender flesh of
Vonnie's womanhood were horrendous. Tanya tried to block the scene from her mind
by closing her eyes and thinking of... anything... but she could not block the
sounds of the tearing... or of Mel's grunting as he neared orgasm...

*****

"Why haven't you called for back-up?" Wade asked Paco as they neared his
father's house, "If Mel's as dangerous as you say..."

"I'm in the minority on the Vonnie and Mel issue," Paco said.

"What do you mean?"

"I wanted to move on them last month for the drugs," Paco explained, "but
apparently Mel's got a solid attorney. I don't know how they knew, but we got
wind that unless we had an air-tight case, we better leave Mel and Vonnie
alone..."

"What do you mean, got wind?" Wade queried.

"Someone got the right ear to listen," Paco said, "and so... your mother and
sister might be in danger because of that..."

"Shit," Wade muttered.

"So you see," Ruiz continued, "I can't call for backup on a hunch... but I can
and will go with you to see your Dad. And besides, I'd never forgive myself if I
sat back and let something happen to your mother... had I known 25 years ago
what I know today..."

"What," Wade said as Paco cut his thought short.

"Well," Paco finished, "I should have made my play back then. I might have been
the one... I loved your mother from the first moment I saw her... But I was too
young... immature... terrified of women. By the time I got the courage to tell
her... your Dad had beaten me to it..."

And as the Monte Carlo cut through the night on it's way to Dave's house, Wade
thought he saw a tear drop from Paco's cheek in the dim light from the car's
dashboard...

*****

Mel had withdrawn from Vonnie. The woman was dying... and Tanya knew there was
little doubt about that... her breathing was irregular, her body convulsed
violently... and the blood... Tanya felt the bile building in her throat again
as she watched the discharge of blood and pulpy tissue from Vonnie's mangled
pussy...

"Oh my dear God," Tanya muttered, "Just take her now... please..."

*****

Mel unfastened the blades, one at a time, form his softened cock. He might have
cut himself in the process as the blades had settled against his inner thighs in
places... but he was so covered in Vonnie's blood that there was no way Tanya
could tell for sure who's was who's.

Tanya thought of Joe again... of the last time they had made love... not
realizing that it was probably the last time... She thought of his hopes and
dreams for them... how he had instilled in her the belief that two people can be
destined for love and that love can be destined for greatness... And she
realized that she did wish he was here... because she knew that if there was
some way to save her, he would find it... and because she knew it would kill him
to have not been there when she had needed him most...

*****

Mel had retrieved his electrical toy and had moved toward Vonnie with the bare
wires. Tanya was dismayed; the woman was beyond feeling anything. It was a
simple matter of time before she bled to death... But Mel knelt before her and
began to insert the bare wires into her destroyed pussy...

He stood and moved toward the wall to plug in the cord...

"Usually this is the first thing I do," Mel explained to Tanya as if she cared
or was questioning him. "But I was sorta pissed."

Tanya didn't make a sound; her heart was in her throat and her throat was
constricted so tight that she had difficulty breathing.

"But... I couldn't bear Vonnie not getting the full treatment," Mel chuckled,
"so, even slightly out of order... she's getting the whole enchilada."

And without another word, Mel flipped the switch device and Tanya saw Vonnie's
body jerk violently against her bonds as the lethal dose of electricity flowed
against the tide of blood... and directly into her mutilated pussy...

*****

End Part Nine

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Ten)

by Paul Mellette

*****

The smell of Vonnie's burning flesh filled the air. The current that had entered
her body had fried her and put an end to what was left of her life. Her mind had
not recovered from the shock of the circumcision and she had not regained
consciousness, having quickly passed out from the mutilation that followed. She
had been unaware of the electrocution that had finished her off... a brief any
dynamic hastening of the death that was coming to claim her quickly anyway...

Tanya, however, was aware of it all. Her mind was filled with the images, the
sounds of the torture, and now... the smell of death. She glanced once more at
the dead woman. It wasn't a pretty sight. Vonnie's body was twisted in an
awkward position; having been bounced around by the sheer power of the current
inside her... her lower body; from vagina down, was covered in blood as she had
lost damn near all there was to lose from the gaping wound that had once been
her pussy...

Closing her eyes and breathing in slowly, Tanya steeled herself. There was
nothing now to interfere... all she dared hope for was that she might sleep
through much of the torture... passing out as Vonnie had... and that perhaps Big
Mel might have spent such fury on Vonnie that he might be less intent on
prolonging the pain he brought to Tanya's body...

*****

Paco turned the steering wheel and drove the car into the driveway that Wade
pointed out. It was a long drive and it took a turn behind the house. As they
pulled up, they saw Dave's pick-up and Vonnie's car. Paco stepped on the brake
and the car came to a stop.

As the pair walked as quietly as possible on the gravel driveway, they came to
the back stairs of the house... and Paco was the first to see Dave's lifeless
body crumpled in a heap on the porch...

"Oh my God," he muttered.

"Is he dead?" Wade asked.

Paco had leaned down to check for a pulse, but the vacant eyes and the cold
flesh he touched told him what they both already knew...

"OK," the lawman said, "I think you need to go back to the car until I find out
what's going on..."

"But..." Wade started to protest.

"No," Paco held a finger to his mouth, "no time to argue. I'm going in... I've
sure got probable cause now... and now it's official..."


*****

If Mel was spent, it wasn't apparent from his conversation. He continued to
regale Tanya with far more information than she wanted to hear. Part of her
wished she could scream for him to hurry the hell up and get it over with... but
then a calmness settled over her... and she realized that every second the big
man wasted in conversation was a second another second that help might arrive...

She thought of Joe... she could feel him... his love for her... even 2500 miles
away. She wished that if for no other reason, she might escape this horror...
just to tell him one more time how she felt about him... and how he made her
feel about herself...

*****

Joe lay in his bed, Tanya's picture held tightly to his chest. That magical
sense that their bond had given him was tearing his heart out. He could feel
her... her fear and her danger... and had no way to know what was happening. He
had tried calling her cell phone to no avail. She had still not emailed... they
had planned a kinky little rendezvous and he knew it was not like her to miss
out on one of them...

But even in his moment of greatest fear... a peace settled on him. He knew that
fate had orchestrated an escape from whatever trap had been laid. The forces
that had guided them into their improbable meeting and their incredible love was
not going to be content for them to never get to the actual culmination... the
lifetime romance that would rock the world... Whatever was required, he knew
he'd hear from Tanya as soon as she was able... and with that peaceful thought,
he looked at her picture once more, kissed it gently, and held it back to his
chest as he drifted off to sleep...

*****

"Your time has come sweet-feet," Mel said as he gripped Tanya's soft arch in his
hand and squeezed.

Tanya's eyes grew wide with renewed fear; and loathing at the big man's touch.
He sat on the bed next to her and began to run his large, rough hands across her
soft flesh.

"You know," he said, "you remind me so much of someone else. Someone I could
have loved a long, long time ago."

Tanya watched each and every movement of his hands. They slowly traced the
outline of her belly; brushed the underside of her big breasts; traced along a
couple of scars she had acquired through life, through child-bearing, through
surgeries. She closed her eyes and tried to block out the sensation of Mel's
touch. It was repulsive.

She thought of Joe again... how when he had kissed her... even there... it had
sent electricity through her soul... it was one of the reasons she had fallen so
deeply into love with him; he found her beautiful... even things she hated, like
the scars, were cherished by him... because, as he told her, they were part of
her...

"How can I love only part of you?" he had asked her, "How can I not love what
has made you who you are; the scars and the kids and the experiences?"

Of course he had serious difficulty with the Dave issue. The problem wasn't that
there had been a Dave, but that she had tried to continue protecting him.  Not
wanting to consider the evil things; the things that Joe believed might be...
things that were nowhere as extreme as what actually transpired... Finally Tanya
had begun to see Dave as something other... less... than the man she had
married... and of course, now there was no Dave to be an issue any longer...

*****

The slap startled her. It caused her face to sting and then begin to go numb.

"Listen to me, you fucking bitch!"

Tanya's eyes filled with tears at the sensation of being slapped so hard and at
having been jarred back to reality. She had hoped that maybe she could just lose
herself in happier thoughts... Joe... the kids... Jesus, God... Wendy... Help
Wendy...

"Now," he said, "as I was saying... it's funny, that SHE ignored me too... that
SHE always said she wanted "a big cock" but when I offered her one, she insulted
me... it... and I had to show her..."

At this point he was rambling... and again, the more the big man lost control
the more terrified Tanya became... It was impossible to predict just how
horrible the torture could become. What she had witnessed... and experienced...
thus far was so beyond anything she could have ever comprehended already, she
had no idea how much worse it could be... and didn't want to know...

*****

The door was unlocked. Paco stepped slowly inside, gun drawn and alert. The
house was small and cluttered. It smelled of dirt and cigarette smoke and cheap
cleaners... and something else...

Paco sniffed the air again... and it hit him... it was the smell of charred
flesh... He listened closely and heard the sound of talking... and moved slowly
toward the sound to investigate...

*****

"I hated myself for a long time," Mel said as he began to move his hand in the
vicinity of Tanya's patch of pubic hair. She tried to withdraw herself... to
allow the mattress to swallow her up to avoid his touch... and what she knew was
sure to follow. She noticed that his knife was on the bed beside him...

"But," he continued as he gently stroked the soft, curly hair, "I learned that
it was more them than me... they wanted to hurt me... and I made them pay..."

"Mmmphggfff," Tanya protested. She wanted to ask him what she had done
personally. Why not punish those who had actually done the wrong; if anybody...
It had come time to prolong the conversation she realized, because when Mel ran
out of things to say... she would have run out of time...

"I know you haven't hurt me... personally," he said, as if reading her thoughts
or understanding her muffled words, "but it's symbolic in part... and baby, it's
sweet release in part..."

*****

Old houses. God Damn them, Paco thought as he stepped on an extremely loud
floorboard. He stopped walking and listened to the sound of talking that he was
drawing near. It was coming from what appeared to be the master bedroom... just
down the hall... After a moment's hesitation, the lawman continued slowly and
cautiously toward the room...

*****

"I think we might have a visitor," Mel said as he rose from the bed. Tanya
breathed a sigh of relief as the monster was suddenly further away from her
pussy... and there was yet another reprieve from what had looked just seconds
before to be the inevitable.

Tanya watched as Mel moved stealthily toward the bedroom door. It was pushed
closed and he stood to one side of it. Tanya wanted to shout a warning to
whoever was out there, but she could only make a muffled noise; and she was sure
that would do nothing more than piss Mel off all the more.

After what had seemed like eternity, the door handle began to turn slightly and
as the door swung open suddenly, Tanya saw the form of Paco Ruiz. She knew Paco;
he was an old friend of Dave's... a really nice guy... and thank God, he was
some kind of policeman... help had arrived!

But Tanya knew that Paco was in serious danger... she tried desperately to warn
him; motioning toward Mel with her head... shouting a warning that was lost in
her gag...

*****

Paco opened the door carefully. He was greeted by the sight of Tanya, tied
helplessly and naked to the bed... In another time and another place, it would
have been a most pleasant sight, but this was not that time or place. He knew
she was there because her life was in grave danger...

Tanya was trying desperately to communicate with him. He had no clue what she
was saying, but her head gestures and wide and terrified eyes shouted of
danger... Big Mel was lurking... somewhere nearby...

*****

End Part Ten

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Eleven)

by Paul Mellette

*****

Tanya watched the situation unfold before her. Paco Ruiz; a boy from her past...
a man who had been Dave's friend in years gone by... was standing there this day
as the only thing between her and eternity, the only stumbling block to the
diabolical plans that a madman had for her... Tanya knew that Paco was a good
and a brave man... that he was sworn to "uphold and protect," and also knew that
even had he never taken such an oath, he was man enough to come to her rescue...

But Tanya feared that he was in over his head. Big Mel was the kind of monster
that you have nightmares about... that Hollywood made movies about... the kind
that does not go down easy... and rarely stays there when he does...

She cringed inside for yet another person who fate had brought into the mix.
Tanya strained to warn Paco that Big Mel was right there... but then suddenly it
was not necessary...

*****

As Paco surveyed the room, he was first stunned by Tanya's presence... a woman
he had longed for... pined over missed opportunities for over half his life... a
woman who he had often fantasized about... was there, naked before him... It was
not the way he would have liked, but just for an instant... there was a leaping
in his loins and his heart crept into his throat...

Scanning the room, he also saw Vonnie's corpse... the pathetic remains of a
pathetic person; Paco grimaced at the mangled mess that he saw there... Then he
caught a glimpse of Big Mel... his still naked bulk looming behind Paco, their
images reflected in a large mirror... and the psycho was about to attack!

*****

Big Mel had waited patiently for the intruder to enter the room... he saw that
he carried a gun and moved with the deliberate motions of someone trained in law
enforcement or security... Mel wasn't afraid; there was little, if anything,
that could bring fear to his hard and cold heart... but he did act when such
situations presented themselves...

Swinging his club-like fist toward Paco, he sought to use the element of
surprise and his incredible bulk to end the confrontation before it even
began...

*****

Paco was shocked at the sight of the big man... he had seen Mel on a couple of
occasions, but it was always when he was clothed and clean and had something
less psychotic behind his eyes... Whatever had happened here this night had
unleashed the monster within the monster... And then Mel made his move...

The officer barely got his left arm up in time to fend off the blow. As it was,
it was a nearly useless gesture... the force of the big man's fist hit Paco with
such force that his arm immediately went numb... It might have been broken for
all the use it was; in fact Paco couldn't be sure it wasn't broken... He could
not move it, it hung like so much dead weight to his side. And worse, the sudden
impact had jarred Paco's gun loose from his grip...

Quickly... way more quickly than a big man should be able to move, Mel was on
Paco, grabbing him by the throat and lifting him off the floor... The
policeman's feet kicked at the air as he tried to find something to use as
leverage... Paco Ruiz felt the life being squeezed out of him... his left arm
useless and his right no match for Mel's strength...

Mel's visage was not human... his eyes bulged and the veins in his neck stood
out as he strained all his strength on Paco's neck... Paco held on, stiffened
himself as best he could and did all he could do...

Gaining as much force as he could, he slammed his head forward and shattered Big
Mel's nose with his own forehead... The big man screamed in pain and dropped
Paco... his hands raised immediately to his face to feel the broken cartilage.
Paco tried to regain his footing... but Mel was on him again... his huge fist
slamming into Paco's shoulder...

*****

Tanya closed her eyes and wept. How could it be that the cavalry had arrived...
and this was all there was? Was she to endure one more person's death as a
precursor to her own? And why was Paco even here?

She opened her eyes again and saw as Paco suddenly seemed to turn the tide of
battle... as he head-butted her captor and was released... but the freedom was
short lived as Mel hammered the cop with his massive fist... and then as Paco
stumbled backward across the room...

*****

Paco's shoulder was pounding. The force of Big Mel's blow had damn near rendered
his body numb... if he gave in to the feeling, he would just lay down and die...
but it was Tanya who was going to die as well unless he did something...
anything... and fast...

His gun lay on the floor across the room. Paco had to retrieve it if there was
any chance at all. He ducked to the right, managed to evade a slow overhand
punch that the monster threw at him, and dove for the gun...

It was a basic, police issue. Nothing fancy, a .38 caliber handgun. Good against
common criminals at something of a decent range. It was not made to stop an
elephant, but it was all there was...

Staggered from the force of the blows, and unable to take time to aim; Paco
gripped the gun and pointed it toward Mel. If the maniac realized what was
happening, he showed no sign of it. Paco squeezed the trigger and a red blotch
appeared on Mel's chest. The big man grunted in pain, but kept coming... and
suddenly had seized the policeman again!

Ruiz squeezed the trigger again and Big Mel grunted again... louder than the
first time... but did not fall. In fact, he had grasped Paco's gun hand and had
begun to turn the weapon away from himself. As Paco Ruiz struggled with all his
might, he found the gun moving away from the villain... and toward himself... He
desperately wanted to drop the gun, but something within himself would not allow
it... he had been trained to never loose his piece... to never yield it to a
criminal... his piece and his shield were too dangerous in the wrong hands...

*****

Tanya watched from the bed. She was silent, there was no sense trying to speak
and there was really nothing to say anyway. It was a turning point in her life
or death night... either Paco would win the battle and save her... or he would
die too and she would shortly follow him into eternity...

*****

Mel grimaced as he struggled to force Paco's arm back toward him. Even though he
seemed strong as an ox to Paco, Mel was substantially weaker than before he had
been shot. The big man knew he was hurt... but he could not be stopped before he
finished what he started...

He remembered the first one... the one whose rejection had hurt him so... the
one whose memory Tanya had stirred... if only she hadn't lied to him and laughed
at him... if only she had understood how he had wanted to love her...

But she hadn't and Mel hadn't reacted to the rejection very well at all... and
her body had never been found...

*****

Paco could feel himself losing this battle. His muscles ached from the strain of
trying to keep the behemoth at bay... and his own gun turned away from
himself... He knew he couldn't last much longer... and he knew that if he
failed, there was every chance that not only he, but Tanya and her daughter
would die... Possibly even Wade as well, because there was little doubt that the
young man would try something stupid...

Then, with a flash of lightning-swift pain and the noise of a clap of thunder,
Paco heard his gun discharge and felt the searing heat of the bullet as it
ripped through his chest...

*****

The crazed killer felt a rush when the gun fired. He felt the shock in his
opponents body as the bullet tore through his flesh... and it was a chest
wound... near the heart, if not directly to the heart... While Mel had enough
sinewy tissue and muscle to slow down a bullet, Paco was only normally sized...
not layered with extra weight... and since he was off duty, he wasn't wearing
his "vest"... so there was nothing to protect his internal organs from the
intruding projectile...

*****

Paco was hurt badly. He knew it as he felt the shock of the bullet ripping
through him. Had he opted to carry a larger weapon, like many of his
contemporaries, he was sure he'd have died instantly. As it was, he knew he was
probably going to die very soon. He went rigid and his eyes glazed over as he
felt his knees buckle; were it not for his assailant's grip, Paco Ruiz would
have fallen to the floor in a pool of his own blood...

But Mel did have Paco in his grasp... and he grabbed Tanya's would-be savior
once more and this time lifted him high over his head, and hurled him through
the bedroom window and to the ground outside...

Then Mel turned and began to move toward Tanya once again...

*****

End Part Eleven

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^




Torturing Tanya (Part Twelve)

by Paul Mellette

*****

Wade was halfway between the house and the car. The sound of gunfire had made
him nervous and restless and totally unsure of what to do.

Had Paco killed Mel? Had Mel killed Paco? Was his mother still alive? What about
Wendy?

Three shots... and not in immediate succession told him that at least the first
two had not ended the confrontation. He wanted to do something... anything! It
was his mother and his sister who was in danger, as well as Paco. It was his
father who lay dead on the porch, and even though there had been a huge rift
because of the way Dave had treated Tanya and his children in recent months,
Wade still was in shock that there could never be a reconciliation... his father
was gone forever.

What troubled him more was that it looked like he might have died in some kind
of warped drama meant to kill his mother and sister...

Wade's thoughts were interrupted however, when the body of Paco Ruiz came
crashing through the window and landed with a thud on the ground just a few
yards away...

*****

Tanya's last shred of hope had just been vanquished. Big Mel moved slowly toward
her. His evil visage was more horrific than before; his jaw set in greater
determination it seemed... and a more wild look filled that space behind his
eyes...

His chest was covered with blood. The crimson mixed with and matted the hair of
his chest. Tanya could see the liquid ooze from the two wounds. But he still
seemed to be in control... still seemed to be strong enough to see through his
mission... which was the mutilation, torture, and murder of the helpless woman
she had found herself this night...

Mel dropped to his knees again, and moved his mouth close to Tanya's pussy... he
was quite distinct in his plan; no surprises anymore... he grasped his knife...
the one he had used to "circumcise" Vonnie... with one hand and began to gently
run his hand across the pubic hair and the lips of Tanya's vagina...

"I might not live through this night, baby," he said as much to himself as to
her, "but I will finish what I have started."

Tanya had no fight left to her... inside her mind, she could hear a voice
screaming at her to not give in... to not let herself be aroused... that time
was her friend now. Mel could not go on forever and if she could outlast him, he
would bleed to death before he could kill her... before he could steal her
womanhood from her...

"It's kind of fitting, don't you think?" Mel muttered softly, "You remind me so
much of the first... and you'll have the honor of being my last..."

*****

Wade knelt next to Paco. Blood trickled from his mouth and poured from his chest
wound. Several other cuts and scratches added to the scarlet flow that stained
the ground around him...

"It's up to you son," Paco wheezed, "I... tried..."

"What should I do?"

"In the glove box," Paco told him, "... another gun... get it... kill him...
save Tanya..."

And Paco coughed and convulsed on the ground... Wade was torn or just a second
between helping him or his mother... but he knew that Paco was beyond anything
he could do now... and his mother could still be saved...

Racing to the car, Wade jerked open the glove box and retrieved the gun. It was
larger, an old Colt .45. If Wade had had the time, he would have smiled at the
thought of Paco the cowboy... the gunfighter... but he didn't have time...

Wade only delayed for another couple of seconds... as he spied the microphone to
Paco's police radio...

"Officer down, officer down!" he shouted into the microphone as he gripped it
firmly and called out the address to his fathers house...

*****

Mel smiled... death held no fear for him. He knew that eventually his life would
end and he could think of no better way to go out than doing the thing he loved
most... He could feel it beginning... Poor beautiful Tanya... trying so hard to
hold back, but he knew how and where to touch and Mel could feel her beginning
to sway to his touch... he could hear her breathing pattern change... feel her
heart beat with the excitement...

It was such a sweet part of what he did. When he was young... when he had been
powerless with the girls, he had longed to satisfy... to simply bring pleasure
and to have pleasure returned... but it seemed that only when he had sunk to the
lowest levels of depravity had he learned just how to manipulate the female
body... just where to kiss and fondle and touch... and just how to do it... and
it seemed so incredibly ironic that they never responded when he wanted to love,
but they started responding when he had become the monster... the mutilator...
the murderer...

Mel felt weaker than he ever remembered feeling... he wanted to rush things
along, but he knew that to coax the sweet meat of Tanya's clitoris out... to
enable him to slice it like he loved doing... he needed to be totally patient.
He could gouge her with the knife and accomplish the same end result, but Mel
relished having the control; the bringing even the most terror-stricken, the
most disgusted, the most hate-filled woman to the pinnacle of pleasure... and
then to deny them that pleasure... forever...

He could hold on a little while longer... and that was all he really needed...

*****

Tanya watched Mel. She desperately tried to keep her mind on anything and
everything except the feeling between her legs. She knew... this was something
straight out of hell... this dichotomy of pleasure and pain... of fear and
sexual excitement... and for all she'd been through this night, she knew that if
she could just keep control for a short time longer... she might survive the
ordeal after all...

*****

Joe woke from his tortured sleep. It was the moment of truth, he could feel it
deep within his soul. Tanya was facing the ultimate in fear, the face of death
loomed large... He rocked gently on the bed, telling her to hold on... to be
strong... to remember their love and that it... and fate... would see her
through...

*****
Wade moved quickly toward the shattered window. He glanced down at the still
form of Paco Ruiz as he walked by the fallen officer... and hoped that the hero
might be alive still after Wade had rescued his mother.

Wade didn't consider at the time how odd it was to be in this situation. Later
he might wonder why there was no doubt; no rush of fear at being the last line
of defense for his mothers life... and no stark terror at facing off with the
man who had killed his father and quite possibly the man who had tried to do
what he felt a father should be doing...

Wade quietly approached the window... and peering inside wanted to scream in
terror... and in anger... at what he saw; but wisely kept silent as he
calculated his course of action...

*****

Tanya couldn't help herself. God, how she had tried to keep focused on things
that would not stimulate her... but she had made the mistake of thinking of Joe.
She wanted so desperately to hold him; for him to be holding her and telling her
how he loved her and how she was safe... because she knew she would be safe
then... And the thought of him, as it always did, brought a flush of excitement
and she forgot herself for a second... and the external stimulation that Big Mel
was applying... brought him that physical sign of her excitement that he had
been striving for...

*****

With his finger still gently massaging the area of Tanya's emerged clitoris, Mel
slowly moved the scalpel-like blade close to the spot. He had always managed to
shock the woman with the cut... to amputate the clit at a moment of near-climax
while denying them forever that last orgasm... He could feel Tanya's body
climbing that sweet precipice... he knew that any second now he would feel the
increased urgency of the thrusting of her hips and pelvic region toward his
hand... and at that second, he would move his hand out of the way and quickly
perform his twisted surgery.

In his minds eye Mel could already see the look of shock and terror on Tanya's
face... the look of the ultimate female loss... and the resignation that there
was no hope... It was such a hot moment for him. And then, after denying her any
chance for pleasure, he would pound her pussy into chopped meat... while
snacking on her clit... and then he could lay down and die...

*****

He saw the slow movement of Mel's knife hand. Wade had been stunned into silence
and inactivity at the sight of his mother's naked body being stroked... and at
the sight and sound of Tanya's mounting pleasure at the event... but with the
renewed urgency of the situation, Wade acted raised the gun and fired...

*****

The sound of the gunshot broke Tanya's concentration... and she opened her eyes
in time to see the look of shocked-pain on her tormentor's face. It was then
that Tanya realize that something had hit her leg near the knee... and she
looked down to see the bloody stump that had been Mel's cock... and saw the
blood that gushed from the wound and the lifeless tube of flesh that lay on the
bed against her leg...

Mel dropped the knife and it's blade lightly brushed Tanya's inner thigh,
opening a two-inch gash as the razor-sharp blade ran across her skin... The
shock of the cut caused her to grunt against her gag, but it was not discernable
over the sound of the high-pitched scream that was erupting from the severely
wounded criminal...

Then Tanya looked toward the window just in time to see the recoil of the gun in
Wade's hand as he fired his second shot...

*****

"You fucking bastard!" Wade shouted as he fired Paco's Colt. He had aimed for
the center of the mass... something he had learned the first time he had fired a
gun... ironically, one of the things his father had done with him as a young
boy.

However, when you are nervous and you are shooting at a human target for the
first time, it's not as easy as shooting a piece of paper or an elk that you
intend to use as food for your family... but in the end, the bullet did more
damage than if it had hit Mel squarely in the chest...

Wade saw it as if in slow motion; Mel's penis dropping from his body, the first
spurt of blood, the howl of agony that erupted from Mel's throat was drowned in
a second by the sound of the second shot...

*****

Mel turned slightly to face the window. The second bullet slammed into his
throat, ripping out part of his windpipe. His head rocked back and as his hand
instinctively reached for the area, his knees buckled and he fell to the
floor... just as Wade pulled the trigger for the third time... Mel didn't really
see the bullet, but Wade thought he could... as it struck the killer directly in
the eye... and bored into his depraved brain... Mel's head rocked back again...
and the thrust kept him falling backward; his legs twisted beneath him as he hit
the floor in a growing pool of blood and gore...

*****

Wade climbed through the window and slowly made his way toward his mother. Tanya
was sobbing great sobs as Wade pulled the duct tape from her mouth.

"Are you ok Mom?"

"Is... is he... dead?" she asked between sobs.

"Yeah, I think so."

"Untie me then," Tanya said, "I need to check on Wendy."

"We need to check you out, you're bleeding from that cut," Wade interrupted her.

"I'll hold something on it," his mother replied, "I need to check on your
sister."

"Ok," Wade said as he began to use Mel's knife to free his mother from her
bondage, "and I need to see what I can do for Paco..."

And as Tanya rubbed her now free wrists, Wade sliced through the ropes that held
her ankles...

And the sound of sirens began, though still in the distance, began to draw
nearer...

*****

Epilogue

The funerals were simultaneous. Tanya had felt duty bound to attend Dave's. The
world didn't need to know that he had been the cause of his own death and the
mastermind of Tanya's torture. As far as they knew, he was a pawn used by Big
Mel and Vonnie to lure Tanya to her fate and then was killed as he defended her.
It was a noble gesture that left people mourning his death instead of the
truth... but it hurt nobody... Either way, Tanya was free and could begin the
life that destiny had brought her... She looked at the back of the chapel and
saw Joe, his bald head gleaming in the light. He gave her a slight smile; not
one of joy but one of comfort... as she always felt when he looked at her...

*****

Joe had come at once. It was not just a matter that they could now begin their
life together, it was a matter of being there as a comfort to her... and
himself... He had been terrified when he heard just how close he had come to
losing her forever... but he smiled as he realized that his request to their
beloved friend, Fate, had been answered... a miracle had indeed happened. The
entire set of circumstances should have proven fatal to Tanya, but instead
everyone who stood against her had been swallowed by their own evil.

Joe had a thing for poetic-justice and he knew that this was definitely that...

*****

Wade had to be there. He understood from an intellectual standpoint why it was
necessary for his mother to show a public mourning for Dave... and that was how
he referred to him now; he could never again think of the man who had tried to
have his mother tortured and murdered as his father... it terrified him to think
that he was a product of such a man's genes...

Paco Ruiz had been alive when Wade had made it back to him that night. Paco had
gurgled his words, but Wade had leaned close and they had conversed just before
the paramedics arrived... just too late...

"Tanya?"

"She's hurt but ok," Wade had told him.

"Good," Paco smiled slightly but it was a pained expression.

"I'll get her," Wade had offered.

"No," the dying man protested.

"Why? She deserves to know... you love her and you saved her..."

"No," Paco reiterated, "I'm dying... let her live... she need to find
someone..."

"I think she has," Wade told him, "and I think she's going to be happy with
him."

"Good."

"Paco," Tanya's son said, "Thank you."

"My... pleasure," Paco said as he smiled.

"You did what a man should do... what my father should have done..."

"Your dad," Paco explained, "was never quite right, but I... never... believed
he was capable..."

"Paco," Wade broke in again, "from this moment forward, you are my Dad; he is
just the guy who fathered me..."

"Son," Paco said, "I wish it had been me... could have maybe, if I hadn't been
so... scared..."

With tears streaming down his cheeks, Wade knelt on the ground next to Paco...

"You'd have been a good one... Dad," Wade said through his constricting throat.

"Son," Paco said, "please... never tell your mother... she's been hurt
enough..."

"I promise," Wade answered just as the first of the police cars arrived and Paco
Ruiz exhaled his last breath...

*****

The night had given way to daylight. Tanya and Wendy were loaded onto stretchers
and placed in the same ambulance. It was determined that Wendy would be alright,
she had been given a mild sedative that would flow from her system without any
side effects.

Tanya had been mentally tortured but physically aside from the rope burns from
struggling against her bonds and the cut on her thigh, she would be fine. As it
happened, the slice required six stitches to close and left another scar for Joe
to kiss... and she knew he would... and even with the events of the night so
fresh in her mind, she was glad to think of him and his love for her...

Tanya had reached across the gurney and held her daughter's hand in her own...
and despite the swaying of the ambulance and the wail of the sirens, she had
fallen asleep and woke the next day in the hospital, with Wade and Alex by her
side... and a large arrangement of flowers by her bedside with a card that said
Joe was on his way...

*****

Wade stood over the casket and looked at the face of the man who had become so
important to him in such a short time. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he
thought of what might have been. Had Paco said something years earlier, might
this desperate night have even happened? Would Wade have had Paco as a father,
or at least a step-father?

"I swore to you Dad," Wade said as he sniffed back his emotions, "and I'll never
tell her..."

Wade wiped his hand across his face. The line was getting long behind him as
family and friends of the fallen hero came to pay their respects... Wade turned
and walked to the back of the funeral home... and out the door into the mid-day
sunshine...

*****

Mel and Vonnie were unclaimed at the city morgue and were cremated at county
expense after the proper time had expired. Their ashes, and the ashes of several
other transients and unclaimed corpses were scattered in a field behind the
crematorium...

*****

After the graveside service, when most of the people had paid their respects to
Dave and offered their condolences to Tanya, Wendy and Alex; Joe walked toward
her. Tanya told her children to wait for her in the car and she moved toward the
man she loved.

"I'm glad you came," she said as she wrapped her arms around him and held he
head against his chest.

"You knew I had to," Joe said as he held her against him and kissed the top of
her head.

"It's over... finally," she said.

"Yeah."

"I'm glad it's over."

"Me too," Joe agreed, "but I'd have preferred something less... dynamic..."

"I know," she agreed, "And believe me; so would I"

"What are your plans?"

"I have to go now," Tanya told him.

"I know."

"I'll call you later," she said as she pulled away from him, "and we'll figure
out where and when and all that..."

"I'm here... where ever and when ever..."

"I know," Tanya said with a slight smile.

"Hey," Joe said softly as she turned to go.

"What?"

"I love you," he told her.

"I love you too."

"One more thing baby," Joe said as his eyes sparkled as she had come to enjoy.

"What?"

"You look absolutely gorgeous in black."

End

(c) 2002 Paul Mellette




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T W Cloth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





