BDSM Library - Michelle And The Stewardess




Michelle And The Stewardess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story is about a real situation I was in regarding bondage and humiliation (although I exaggereated it quite a bit for the story). The remaining six parts were wiped out on a site that got trashed. However, if I received enough feedback, maybe it will give me the incentive to rewrite it... Michelle
Michelle And The Stewardess



My name is Michelle and the story I am about to tell happened to me about ten
years ago when I was twenty-two years old. I'm not proud of what happened to me
and it took a lot of therapy to get over it, but I must admit that ever since I
have sometimes thought back and it turned me on.

It all started when I was flying back home to Washington through a connection in
Norfolk. The airline cancelled the last flight out and I was furious. As I
approached the customer service desk I saw a beautiful white stewardess arguing
with the black customer service lady. The stewardess was about my height (5'7"),
and wearing a blue stewardess dress that nicely curved to her body and ended a
little above her knees where her shapely blue stocking legs went the rest of the
way to a pair of low heeled black pumps. She had long, soft, dark brown hair
that was slightly curvy and went down to her middle back. The customer service
woman was black, thin but muscular and had her hair pulled back. Oh, by the way,
I am also 5'7", 120 pounds, with big brown eyes and dark brown hair that is
styled in sort of a Bob, it curls in at my shoulders and has a curled bang in
the front. Like the stewardess my body has an hourglass shape (34b chest and 35
hips) and my legs are quite shapely. I was wearing a dark blue skirt down to my
lower thighs and a white blouse with a dark blue business suit-vest on top. I
wore my white lace bra and panties with thigh-high waist-top garter-less white
stockings. Usually I wear panty hose, but I wore my stockings to surprise my boy
friend when I got back to Washington. I had a short white slip with lace on the
bottom and wore a black pair of pumps.

Anyway, I could hear the stewardess complain that she wasn't supposed to work
that night and was quite upset that she got stuck in Norfolk. She was demanding
that the customer service rep find her a room. The rep told her to wait and
waved me on as the next person in line. When I arrived at the desk I told the
rep the same thing and I demanded (in my best business voice) that the airline
find and pay for a room for the night or, as a frequent flyer, I would raise
hell with their home office. Suddenly, the black lady behind the counter looked
at me differently. It was almost as if she was picturing me without my clothes
on. Her tone changed from being very courteous to more stern and business like.
The way she was looking at me made me feel very uncomfortable and vulnerable but
before I could say something she said "ok maim, but all the rooms are booked,
would you mind sharing with one of our stewardesses. I looked at the stewardess
and said "that's fine." The black woman gave us the keys to the hotel and said
she was giving us her room and there was no need t check in. She also gave us
vouchers for dinner and recommended a decent place next to the airport. I felt
so proud of myself like I was so important, but little did I know that I would
be totally humiliated and taught the lesson of my life later on.

I introduced myself to the stewardess and she said her name was Ann. After
dinner, and some girl talk, we walked to the dumpy airport hotel and found our
room. It was a single room that was rather large with two twin beds. The rug was
red and very seedy and the place in general was kind of filthy. However,
sometimes when you travel you take what you can get. Shortly after entering the
room the door closed behind us and we discovered there was a large black woman
hiding behind it. I was so startled that I let out a little scream, Ann was
startled too but demanded that there was a mistake and that she should leave our
room. Suddenly the black woman threatened us with a large knife and said, "do
you want to say that again bitch." I was about to give her my money and ask that
she not hurt us when she said, "now the mistress is waiting to see you." Ann
responded, "What are you talking about 'Mistress', who is that. The black woman
said "Oh you know the mistress and she has a special night planned for both of
you." Now I was really starting to get scared. The woman was quite large and
muscular and had almost a mans features. She was dressed in a leather halter-top
and a tight leather skirt. I started to panic and said "what do you want, what
are you going to do with us?" The large black woman laughed saying, "don't
worry, you two bitches just do everything you are told and you won't get hurt...
too much." Then her voice got really angry and demanding and she said "NOW IT'S
TIME TO SEE THE MISTRESS, MOVE IT BITCHES."

She led us into the bathroom and locked the door behind us. Inside the bathroom
was a similar large black woman identically dressed in leather and the black
customer service rep that gave us the room. The customer service rep was dressed
in a flimsy spiked leather outfight with a black see through bra and panties.
She wore a black pair of stilettos and was holding a riding crop. Immediately, I
noticed that there were a bunch of items laid out in the bathroom. I didn't know
what all these things were but I later found out that they were for torture,
there were also many large oddly shaped dildos on top of the toilet. I also
noticed a video camera that seemed to be recording us. I later found out that
our entire ordeal was recorded and sold in adult video stores. The customer
service lady said, "Well, well, if it isn't the two uppity white bitches that
think they're better than me. By the end of this night the two of you will be
licking my ass-hole and begging for more!" I couldn't believe what I was hearing
and became so scared that I could barely keep from shivering. First I started to
plead and then Ann joined in "please, we didn't mean anything let us go you can
keep the room." "Silence! You will not talk without being told and when you do
talk you will say Yes Mistress and No Mistress, otherwise you will be severely
punished," she demanded. She proceeded to say, "is that understood!" Both Ann
and I like two little children responded "Yes Mistress." Then she said that we
are to do everything she says or face punishment and again we answered "Yes
Mistress." "Good," she said, "Now strip to your heels and hose, all slave
bitches in my presence must be naked."

I couldn't bear the thought of these people seeing me totally naked (after all
they were black and should be serving me). "I will not!" I said with a stern
voice. Before I knew it the Mistress slapped me across my face and said "strip
or my girls will cut you up real good." One of the other women started to come
at me with a knife and I quickly said, "I'm sorry, please I'll do anything you
say." She replied, "Good, then strip and both of you will be punished for this
disobedience."

Ann and I started by unbuttoning our blouses, I felt so ashamed as I slowly
slipped off my blouse with those terrible women glaring at me. Then we dropped
our skirts. I was in my bra and slip, but Ann had no slip and was exposed in her
black bra and panties with her blue pantyhose over them. One of the women said
"Oh la la this is going to be fun." We were ordered to take off our bras with
the words "Now show us those tits bitches." We removed our bras but kept our
hands over our breasts only to have them forcefully removed by the two large
women. They glared and fondled our breasts for a long time licking their lips, I
felt so ashamed and scared of what was next. The Mistress had one of the other
women cut Ann's panties off from under her hose. Then two small holes were cut
in her pantyhose to expose her vagina and ass hole. By this time my slip was off
and the Mistress said "what are you waiting for, drop those panties bitch." My
panties went down exposing my freshly shaven vagina and I was left in nothing
but my white stockings. For a while they just let the two of us stand there
naked while they looked us over. I noticed that Ann had a nice shaped body but
her breasts were a little flat and floppy. My breasts are perkier and come up to
a point at the nipple. Both our nipples were a little tight, as the room was
cold.

"Now, before your punishment I will give you your names and explain how you are
to talk," said the Mistress. She pointed to Ann and said, "Your new name will be
Sludge Hole". Then she pointed to me and said my name would be Shit Hole." Both
of us said "Yes Mistress." Then she told us that from now on we are to refer to
our breasts as 'Bobbles', looking at me and noticing the shape of my breasts she
commanded me to call them 'Banana Shaped Bobbles'. She then said that our
vaginas are to be called 'Wet Willows' and our ass holes 'Poop Holes'. Finally,
she said we must call our feet 'stockinged feeties'. If we used any other words
for these body parts we would be severely punished. She then told us to repeat
the following words. Ann repeated first saying "please what are you going to do
to my naked bobbles, wet willow, poop hole, and stockinged feeties" Then I said
"please what are you going to do to my naked banana shaped bobbles, wet willow,
poop hole, and stockinged feeties." They all started to laugh and I just wanted
to die. I couldn't believe the two of us were naked and being forced to say
these things.

The Mistress than proceeded to tell us that it was time for our punishment for
not stripping when she told us to. Ann protested since she wasn't the one that
gave them a hard time, but the Mistress said we are both to be punished and took
Ann first. She laid Ann across her lap and told me to watch closely because I
would be getting twice as much. Then she took a paddle and proceeded to paddle
Ann's pantyhosed bottom for what seemed like forever. Ann was pleading and
crying while her bottom grew red and the Mistress finally stopped. I couldn't
believe that I was going to get that and worse. Ann got up and crouched in the
corner weeping uncontrollably while she rubbed her bottom. The two large women
then set me  across the Mistress's lap and  took what I now know to be breast
clamps that had small chains attached with heavy metal balls at the end. They
clamped my breasts (oops, I mean my banana shaped bobbles) as they hanged over
the mistress's lap and I would immediately feel my banana shaped bobbles being
stretched and pulled by the weight of the hanging balls. Then the mistress
proceeded to spank me, I cried but said nothing as I knew it would lead to more
punishment. Then the two other woman came over to me as I was being spanked and
started swinging the balls on my breast clamps opposite each other, causing my
banana shaped bobbles to swing with the balls like two pendulums. It was so
painful and humiliating that I finally screamed 'Owwww, please Mistress my
banana shaped bobbles can't take anymore", and they all started laughing again.
"Are you going to listen to everything I say from now on bitch", "Yes Mistress",
I replied and she stopped and had me stand up. I immediately, grabbed the metal
balls and tried to support the weight with my hands.

The Mistress grew angry and said "did I tell you to touch those tit balls, let
them hang or they'll be on you all day bitch!" I slowly lowered the balls and my
banana shaped bobbles flopped down as the balls pulled my nipples towards the
floor. Then she snapped at my behind with her riding crop and said, "I didn't
hear you". I quickly replied "yes Mistress" after which she had the clamps
removed. I grabbed my banana shaped bobbles and rubbed them. My bottom was
sorely hurting me also, but my breasts (oops, my banana shaped bobbles) never
went through such pain before. The Mistress said, "how do those tits feel now
bitch." I replied that my nipples still hurt and the Mistress told me to say it
again but to call my nipples 'nipply-poos.' I repeated, "my banana shaped
bobbles feel ok, but my nipply-poos still hurt." They laughed again and I felt
so humiliated and didn't know how much more of this ridicule I could take. Then
the Mistress instructed both of us to call our nipples 'nipply-poos' from now
on; and we said "Yes Mistress."

Next the mistress pointed to the bathtub, which I now noticed was half filled
with water. She instructed us to get in and both of us slowly stepped into the
water. As soon as my stockinged feetie touched the water I could tell that it
was ice cold. We both stood in the cold water all goose bumped with our nipply
poos popping out to the point of pain. The Mistress instructed us to sit down
and hold each other breast to breast (oops, I mean bobble to banana shaped
bobble), which we were happy to do as our mutual body heat helped to keep us
warm. Then we were instructed to kiss each other. I never kissed a woman before
and the thought repulsed me, but I knew that my fate would be much worse if I
didn't. I kissed Ann the way I usually kiss a man and we continued kissing until
the Mistress told us to stop. Then the two other women left the bathroom and
just the Mistress remained. I thought she would belittle us a little more than
then leave. Little did I know the pain and humiliation was just beginning.




Part 2

The Mistress had us separate and instructed us to pinch each-others nipply-poos,
at which point she used a ladle to pour the cold water over our bodies and hair.
Both of us began shivering when one of the other women came in and said "they're
ready."

"Good" said the Mistress. Then she took her crop and started whipping us and
telling us to get up. We stood immediately while she whipped our bottoms telling
us to dance. We just kept lifting our feet in the cold tub, trying to avoid the
whip. I felt so ashamed looking at Ann's bobbles bounce up and down and feeling
my banana shaped bobbles doing the same thing. Then she opened the door and ran
our naked wet bodies out into the room as if we were cattle.

The Mistress commanded, "Get on the bed face down with your asses up bitches." I
went on one bed and Ann was led to the other. Before getting on the bed I
noticed that there were two large naked black men in the room with the biggest
erect penises I have ever seen. They looked like the type of low-life trash you
see in very bad neighborhoods and I became very frightened.

I heard the Mistress say, "Well boys, they are all yours." Suddenly one of the
black men rammed his erect penis up my poop hole. "Owwwwww", I screamed out as I
could hear Ann going through the same fate. I never had a man in my poop hole
before and it really hurt. At first it felt like an enema, but once he started
going in and out it just burned as my poop hole was being torn and stretched.
Both of us were crying in pain as the men just kept shoving in their long-fat
black cocks harder and harder. I could see Ann's head bob up and down along with
mine as this was happening. Ann's bobbles were swinging uncontrollably. My
banana shaped bobbles were being pulled and squeezed unforgivingly by the man
that was reaming me. They were already sore from the breast clamps and I just
couldn't take anymore of the pain in my poop hole... all I could do is cry. The
Mistress and the other two women were rubbing between their legs and laughing
along with the men. The man on top of me started saying "this is what all you
stuck up white bitches deserve. I may clean your pool during the day, but I fuck
yo ass at night."

I noticed that the man on top of Ann had her get up and bend over the desk
chair. Then he proceeded to pump her poop hole again. The man on top of me said
"take this bitch" and I could feel his wet sperm filling me like an enema. The
pain was uncontrollable as he pulled out of my poop hole, and I could feel the
gooey sperm continue to squirt between my cheeks.

The Mistress came up to me and said "how did you like that Shit Hole?" "I loved
it Mistress," I replied, knowing that it was what she wanted to hear. Then she
stood me up. I could see the other man still working on Ann and then he came and
as he pulled out he left a few globs of sperm on the outside of her poop hole.
The Mistress pulled my hair and pushed my face towards Ann's poop hole and said
"lick it up bitch." I couldn't believe I was letting her do this to me. I felt
like such a slut, but I slowly stuck out my tongue and gently licked a glob of
sperm off Ann's poop hole to the top of my tongue.

The Mistress then said "what are you waiting for, eat it bitch." I brought it
into my mouth and swallowed it down, it was horrible. Then she spanked my ass
and ordered me to continue. I went for the other glob of sperm when she attached
the ball-weighted breast clamps back to my banana shaped bobbles and said "your
tits will be punished even more if you don't go deeper and lick that asshole as
if you like it!" The balls were pulling on my nipply-poos so bad  (I couldn't
believe she was torturing my banana shaped bobbles again). Then she took off one
of her shoes and started spanking me real hard with the front of it saying "eat
that asshole bitch or those tits will get a lot worse than this." The pain was
too much, I licked up every glob of sperm on the outside of Ann's poop hole and
then thrust my tounge deep into it taking as much sperm and poop as I could dig
out. I could hardly breathe, all I could smell and taste was the stench of Ann's
poop and the gooey sperm around it. During this time, the mistress had Ann
licking both men's penises clean of poop and sperm.

When I got up I looked in the mirror and saw a ring of poop around my mouth.
Everyone started laughing (even Ann to my surprise). I felt so ashamed that even
Ann who was being tortured also would laugh at me. Then the mistress grabbed the
weighted ball of my left breast clamp with one hand and Ann's nipply-poo with
the other. She savagely pulled our bobbles and threw us on a bed. She then
ordered me to take off one of my stockings and had one of the leg portions of
Ann's pantyhose cut away. The Mistress held on to the stockings while one of the
other women came out of the bathroom with our panties. The Mistress rubbed the
panties around each of our wet willows and gave them to the men. At that point
Ann was ordered to lick my wet willow while the other two women were pulling at
the balls of my breast clamps. I was in so much pain that my nipply-poos were
numb and my banana shaped bobbles felt like they would fall off.

Both men started to jerk-off into our panties as they watched us. Once our
panties were full of loads of wet sticky sperm the mistress instructed us to
stand and open our mouths. She rolled Ann's sperm soaked panties into a ball and
shoved it into my mouth, I tried to resist but she pinched my nose closed until
I opened wide to accept that disgusting sperm soaked panty ball. Then she tied
my stocking around my head to hold it in. She proceeded to do the same thing to
Ann with my panties. Then she said, "tastes good right sluts?" All we could do
was to try to say "yes mistress" through our gags and it sounded like "mff
mffsffs." They all laughed and brought us back into the bathroom. Now the tub
was drained and we were sat down and tied together fact to face.

The disgusting, wet, sticky, panty-balls in our mouths were touching. Then they
shut off the light and said "that's all for tonight, have a good rest because
the fun is just starting and tomorrow you will learn the real meaning of
humiliation." They locked the door and left. I couldn't believe I had to spend
the rest of the night tied to Ann with our filthy bodies, those disgusting
panty-balls in our mouths and those clamps on my banana shaped bobbles. Ann and
I tried to communicate for a little while "mff, mff, mff" but every time I moved
the balls on my banana shaped bobbles would swing and I saw stars. I tried to
stay still for the rest of the night to reduce the pain my poor banana shaped
bobbles were going through. I was exhausted and welcomed the break from the hell
that they were putting us through. I was thinking that if I didn't try to act
like such a big shot in the airport maybe I wouldn't be in this mess, then I
fell asleep.




Part III

The next morning I awoke to the voice of one of the black women saying "GET UP
BITCHES, ITS TIME TO GET YOU READY FOR THE MEETING." I opened my eyes to see
that both of the large black women were in the bathroom wearing yellow rain
coats and rubber boots. They untied us and commanded we stand up in the bathtub.
My mouth felt like cotton from having that panty-ball in it all night and I
could feel the crusts of dried sperm around the edges of my lips. The woman
hooked up a spray gun to the shower head and immediately began hosing us down
with cold water, which woke us up immediately. I could hardly feel my banana
shaped bobbles as they were totally numb from having those horrible clamps on
them all night. I supported the balls of my breast clamps with my hands and
luckily the women didn't stop me. Then they had us kneel and bend over the edge
of the bath tub while they hooked two enema bags to the shower rod and said "The
Mistress wants you two white bitches cleaned inside and out. They hung the balls
from my breast clamps over the edge of the bathtub so my breasts (opps, I mean
my banana shaped bobbles) would stretch and hang freely over the tub. They
proceeded to insert the enema tubes into our poop holes and filled us with cold
water. I immediately started getting a stomachache and began to moan through my
gag. Ann must have been hurting too because she was also moaning. Once the bags
were empty, they pulled out the tubes and commanded that we not move or spill a
drop. We just kneeled there moaning and clenching our poop holes as tight as we
could. Meanwhile, the women brought in some toiletries, powder, and makeup,
towels and clothing. Then they sat me on the toilet and allowed me to relieve
myself as they watched and pulled on my tit balls. I was so ashamed having to
poop in front of these women but the pain was so unbearable I couldn't wait to
go. My poop started with a stream of water and the women started to laugh when
they heard it. Occasionally, I would let out some gas and they would laugh even
harder.  I didn't care, it felt good to poop out all the disgusting sperm the
filthy black man had put in me the night before. When I was finished they
finally removed my breast clamps and I saw stars as the blood rushed back into
my nipply-poos. As I looked down I saw my poor nipply-poos were all stretched
and mis-shaped I started to cry as I rubbed them. Then one of the women pulled
me by my hair and led me back into the bathtub. She sat me down and said,
"SPREAD EM BITCH." She spread my legs wide and proceeded to douche my vagina.
When she was finished  I just cryed and rubbing my banana shaped bobbles as Ann
was taken to the toilet to relieve herself.

Once Ann was in the bath tub with me, they removed those disgusting panty-balls
from our mouths and hosed us down again. This time they threw in a bar of soap
and commanded that we clean each other as they were hosing us. Once we were
clean they commanded that we get ourselves pretty and put on the clothes they
had brought. Then they left and Ann and I were alone to cry to each other about
our predicament. We both agreed that we couldn't bear to think of what they had
in store for us today. Ann said she would rather be dead than to lick shit off a
filthy black cock again. I told her that I couldn't take another second of
torture to my breasts and had reached my limits also. We also noticed that the
bathroom window was left open, but were afraid to try and escape, as it might be
a trap. We did as we were told, but no matter how much I gargled with mouthwash
I couldn't get that salty-yeasty aftertaste out of my mouth from those
panty-balls. After putting on our make-up and doing our hair we noticed that the
only clothes were two pair of pink crotches and bottomless pantyhose. We put
them on as we were told and then pondered our fate. We discussed running and Ann
felt that even if the open window was a trap they couldn't do anything worse
than what they had planned anyway. I agreed, and felt very close to Ann although
I did resent her a bit for laughing at me the night before, but didn't say
anything about it. We took two towels from the bathroom and wrapped them around
out bodes, then we proceeded to sneak out of the window.

Once outside, we walked around the path on the outer rim of the hotel. There was
a large fence and the highway ran on the other side so all the driver could see
us. But we were pretty well covered with the towels. The only problem is the
path was covered with fallen holly leaves which made out stockinged feeties feel
like pin cushions. We finally made it to the front office and upon entering
found a young, greasy looking boy (about eighteen years old) at the front desk. 
At first he was startled to see us in nothing but bath towels and pink hose. He
stared at us intently with a smile on his face then I said, "please call the
police, we were just raped and kidnapped by three crazy women and they could be
looking for us right now" He picked up the phone and made a call to 911 then he
said, "let me get you somewhere safe."

The boy lead us to the pool and banquet area where he said they wouldn't think
of looking for us. We followed him as he opened one of the banquet doors saying,
"quickly in here." As soon as we walked into the room the boy pulled our towels
and ripped them away from our bodies leaving us  in nothing but our hose. Before
I realized what was happening I noticed the room was full of at least fifty
people who were all glaring at us and began clapping. Ann and I tried to cover
our nakedness with our hands as the boy locked the door behind us. In all this
confusion I could see a stage area with a big banner hanging over it, which read
WECOME TO THE 1987 BDSM SOCEITY MEETING. Looking around I saw that most of the
crowd was a mix of men and women, and that many of the women were naked and
wearing leashes. Then I saw the Mistress walk through the crowd (which was
gathering around us) saying, "ladies and gentlemen, the main attraction is
here."



Part IV (final) 
Soon two men grabbed and held Ann and me in place as a strange woman attached
  a collar around each of our necks and pulled us onto the stage for everyone
  to see. Then the Mistress approached us with a red-hot poker and waved it in
  front of our wet willows, saying, �I knew you two stupid whores would try to
  sneak out that open window, the question is which one of you had the idea and
  balls to do it?� At this point I was scared to death and immediately spoke
  and said, �it was Sludge Hole Mistress, she forced me to do it!� Ann looked
  at me in horror and surprise, but it was her idea and she shouldn't have laughed
  at me the night before anyway. Ann immediately started to curse, �you bitch,
  I'll get you for this if it's the last thing I do.� She tried to run towards
  me but the woman held her collar firm. Then the Mistress put the poker back
  into a barbecue of hot coals, patted me on the head and said, �Good work shit
  hole, I knew you'd sell her out.� Now you can watch and see what we do to slaves
  that try to escape.� The Mistress was being very nice and gentle with me; she
  even had a chair brought up for me to sit down. Soon Ann's collar was tied
  to a rafter and her arms were tied above her head, until her stocking feeties
  were on their tippy toes. What I now know to be a bit gag was secured in her
  mouth and a device was put across her chest that had two flat pieces of wood
  with screws at each end. Ann writhed in pain as the screws were tightened and
  her bobbles were squeezed and flattened. Then they took those horrid breast
  clamps with the weighted balls that I was forced to endure and attached them
  to Ann's nipply-poos. Ann's eyes were wide open as muffled screams of pain
  came out of her mouth. Then the Mistress announced, �This is what we do to
  trouble makers around there,� and the audience clapped. 
The Mistress approached me and handed me a paddle, saying, �Michelle, come
  here and help me teach sludge hole a lesson for forcing you to escape.� I couldn't
  believe she called me by my real name, so I got up and proceeded to paddle
  Ann's bottom. The audience was clapping for me and I felt just like one of
  the group. I was so happy that I spoke up and didn't have those horrible things
  done to me. I was especially happy those horrid tit balls weren't clamped to
  my poor aching breasts (oops, I mean banana shaped bobbles). I paddled Ann
  good, really getting into the action and starting to get wet by the experience.
  I was so glad I spoke up and was now part of the group and would no longer
  be tortured. The Mistress then motioned me to come to her and I did. She took
  me in her arms and gave me a gentle hug. Then she stood behind me and gently
  pulled back my hair and tied it into a ponytail. With her arms on my shoulders
  she said to the audience, �now lets show Michelle what we do to little tattle
  tale whores around here.� No sooner did she say this that she grabbed my pony
  tail and pulled my head back so hard that I almost fell. Still holding my head
  back, she grabbed my left breast and started pinching my nipple. I was horrified
  that this was happening and heard the Mistress say, �did you thing you would
  get away with being such a little snitch, we hate snitches even more than trouble
  makers.� To which I said, �please Mistress, don't torture me, my poor breasts
  can't take anymore.� Then she swung me away from her and said, �What did you
  call those tits?� At first I was confused, then realizing my mistake immediately
  said, �banana shaped bobbles, I meant banana shaped bobbles.� �Say it again
  stupid,� the Mistress said. To which I replied, �p-please Mistress my banana
  shaped bobbled can't take anymore torture.� The audience started to laugh as
  I stood expose to all of them naked and scared to death. 
The Mistress then took my arms and tied them to a railing across the front
  of the stage, such that I was slightly bent over and my breasts (opps, I mean
  banana shaped bobbles) were hanging. Then she had me watch as she removed the
  devices from Ann and took her back stage; leaving me bent over staring at the
  audience that was looking at me like I was an attraction at the zoo. The Mistress
  returned and from behind me stuffed what I now know to be an oversized ball
  gag in my mouth and tied it tightly behind my head. My poor jaw started hurting
  almost as soon as she put it in. Afterwards she came in front of me and spiraled
  an unraveled coat hanger around each of my banana shaped bobbles, causing me
  tremendous pain, as they were so sore from the night before. My banana shaped
  bobbles were now tightly spiraled in the wire so they looked like two cones
  sticking straight in front of me, with the hooks from the hangers hanging out
  in front of each of my nippley-poos. Next someone handed the mistress two bunches
  of bananas to which she said, �Since your tits look like bananas, I thought
  they might like some company.� The audience started laughing again as the Mistress
  hung each bunch of bananas on the hooks of each of my banana shaped bobbles,
  after which they started to cheer. All I could do was scream in agony under
  the big ball in my mouth, as the weight from the bananas viciously pulled the
  skin on my chest towards to floor. Then a women in a nurses costume came up
  and proceeded to put an enema tube in my poopie hole. They hung a bottle connected
  to the tube in front of me and proceeded to fill it with cold milk. At first
  I could feel the cold liquid filling me like any normal enema, but after a
  few minutes it started to make me cramp and I was getting enormous gas pains.
  I could only moan under my ball gag and pray this would be the end of my punishment.
  After the enema bottle was empty the nurse took the enema tube out of my poopie
  hole and the Mistress whispered in my ear, �Your not to spill a drop, or what
  your going through right now will seem like a cake walk. Understand?� I mouthed, �yes
  Mistress� from under my gag as I looked at her for mercy. 
I was left holding my enema for about fifteen minutes, whaling in pain, while
  the audience went back to mingling and having cocktails. Then the lights began
  to flicker, at which point the audience once again turned their attention to
  the stage. I could hear someone come up behind me, but didn't know who it was
  and was. I tried looking, but my arms and collar kept me from turning my body
  enough to see. Then, without warning, I felt an enormously forceful smack on
  my behind, WHACK! I instinctively jerked my bottom forward, almost loosing
  my enema but clenched my poopie hold tight to keep it in. Before I could recover
  there was another smack on my bottom from a large wooden paddle, WHACK! �MMMMOOOOOFFFF� was
  all I could mouth under my ball gag from the pain. This continued until I was
  utterly in tears, while the audience clapped after each brutal smack of my
  poor bottom. Then I heard the paddle drop to the floor, I was weeping terribly
  when I noticed a pair of high black stilettos standing in front of me. As I
  looked up, I saw black thigh-highs and leather corset. Looking higher, I saw
  that the woman wearing this outfit, and who spanked the living daylights out
  of me was Ann. Then the Mistress walked up along side of Ann and gave her a
  kiss on the lips. �Well, well shit hole, I bet you didn't know Ann has been
  one of my professional slaves for quite some time now. When we saw you in the
  airport, we knew you'd be an easy mark, so I had Ann gain your confidence.
  You see, I don't like uppity whores who think who the hell they are. So I decided
  to teach you a good lesson with the added convenience of having you as entertainment
  for our little convention.� She proceeded, �And I think your learning your
  lesson aren't you?� I motioned my head up and down mouthing, �yes Mistress,
  yes I learned it good.� Then the Mistress said, �But it's not over yet. Now
  that I've taught you a lesson, it's Ann's turn. She especially wants to thank
  you for spanking her before.� I tried mouthing, �please, no� under my ball
  gag as I started weeping again, but it fell on deaf ears. 
Now Ann walked over and removed the ball gag from my mouth, having it hang
  in front of my neck by its strap. She started stroking my hair, saying, �Poor
  little shit hole, I bet your sorry looking tits are killing you aren't they?.� �y-yes,� I
  replied. Then Ann said, �Then I guess we better take those bananas off of them.
  Now open wide, because your going to eat every one in order to relieve those
  poor little titties of yours.� Then Ann pulled a banana from the bunch hanging
  from my left banana shaped bobble. I opened my mouth as she fed it to me. By
  the time she got to the second banana I my banana shaped bobble was already
  feeling relieve, but my belly was starting to moan. Ann was feeding each new
  banana to me faster and faster. By the last banana on my left banana shaped
  bobble she was shoving them in and smearing what I couldn't get down around
  my mouth. She became even more merciless with the bananas from my right banana
  shaped bobble , but I couldn't wait to eat them just to relieve my poor stretched
  banana shaped bobble. As I was eating the second to last banana I started getting
  horrible gas pains and my belly was moaning loudly. Between the milk enema
  and eating all those bananas I was cramped down in extreme pain. �Come on whore,
  eat the last two, or I'll hang two bunches on each of those pathetic tits,� Ann
  said. Ann shoved the last two bananas in my mouth, almost at once, and I died
  in pain as I tried to get them down. At this point I felt very nauseous and
  was wiggling my bottom to clench my poopie hole as tight as I could; all I
  wanted was relieve. �What's the matter whore, do you have to go to the bathroom?� Ann
  asked. �yes, please, please, I can't hold it any longer.,� I replied. Then
  Ann untied me and led me to the center of the stage where I was instructed
  to sit on a bucket and go to the bathroom. At this point I didn't care that
  everyone was looking at me, I had gotten use to being seen naked and humiliated
  and just wanted to relieve my poor belly. So I sat on top of the bucket while
  everyone watched, and relieved myself inside of it. Mostly I was pooping the
  liquid milk that was put inside of me, but I occasionally would pass a little
  piece of poop followed the sound of passing a large amount of gas. Each time
  this happened the audience would laugh and taunt me. Finally, after about five
  minutes, my belly was starting to feel a little better and the cramps were
  almost gone Then Ann had me get up from the bucket and walked me over to a
  small, round, plastic basin that was in the middle of the stage. She instructed
  me to kneel in the basin and she took two of the banana peels that were lying
  on the floor from when she was feeding me. Ann placed the connected end of
  the banana peel over my nipply poos, such that the rest of the peel was covering
  my banana shaped bobbles as if they were real bananas. Then Ann said, �Hold
  one peel over each tit with each hand and stay that way until you're told otherwise.� 
Shortly after, about ten men came up from the audience and made a circle around
  me. I looked up to notice they were all masturbating themselves. It didn't
  take much to realize that they were going to cum all over me. After a short
  time one began to cum, then another and so on. Some just aimed at my banana
  peels, pussy, feet or ass. Others put their penis right up against my face
  and hair. Just when I thought it was over, another ten men came up and did
  the same thing. This continued a third time until I was thoroughly drenched
  in their sticky, smelly cum. Since my hands were holding the bananas peels
  over my banana shaped bobbles, I couldn't wipe my eyes and was having a hard
  time opening them without the sting of cum getting inside. Then Ann carried
  over the bucket I pooped in and said, �shit hole, shit hole, look what you've
  done, you've gone and made a mess of yourself. We'll just have to clean you
  up.� Before I realized what she was up to Ann took the bucket and poured its
  contents over my head and all over my body, until it settled at the bottom
  of the basin in which I was kneeling. The audience wend wild and cheered madely
  while I was kneeling in a tub full of. Milk poop and cum, still diligently
  holding those stupid banana peels over my banana shaped bobbles. 
When this was over, music started playing and the audience broke up into groups,
  mingling, and drinking cocktails. The Mistress walked over to me, picked up
  a small solid piece of milk-poop from the basin and rolled it into a ball saying, �Your
  punishment is over shit hole. But you're to spend the rest of the evening as
  you are in this tub until I tell you to get out. I hope you learned your lesson
  whore.� �Yes Mistress, I did, I learned my lesson good. Umfhh� I replied. Before
  I finished the Mistress placed the ball of milk poop in my mouth. �It stays
  there all night whore, don't let me see it out of your mouth.� She cleaned
  her hands using my hair as a towel and left. I was horrified by what was in
  my mouth and wanted to barf. Theball of milk poop was small enough so I could
  hold it in place with my teeth and only have to taste it when I closed my mouth
  a little to swallow. 
I spent the rest of the evening sitting in this basin of sperm and milk poop
  as they all partied around me. Many of the guests made a point of walking up
  to my tub and using it as a trash can. They would throw in their melon rinds,
  peach pits, and banana peels while laughing and calling me trash. One group
  made a sick little game of eating cherries and spitting the pits at me to make
  them stick between my banana shaped bobbles and the crack of my bottom. Ann
  only came up to me once more before the evening ended. She reached in to my
  basin and pulled out a browning banana peel, draping it over my head, saying, �Here's
  your crown my queen; he, he, he.� But I remained a good whore, sitting in my
  tub of milk poop, trash and sperm while holding those stupid banana peels over
  my banana shaped bobbles and intensely trying to keep the poop between my teeth
  from touching my mouth. 
When the party was over the Mistress came up to me and seeing that I was still
  balancing the poop between my teeth, took her hand and quickly smudged it into
  my mouth. �Ewwwww!.� I started gagging and spitting it out while wiping my
  lips. Then the Mistress said, �sorry bitch, I just couldn't resist.� I couldn't
  believe she pushed it into my mouth after I spent the whole night trying to
  keep my tongue away from it. Then she took me out of the basin and ran me under
  the pool showers to clean me up. She gave me a little hotel bottle of shampoo
  and conditioner and some hair spray and make-up and let me make myself decent.
  Then she gave me a polo mini dress that barely covered my vagina (oops, I mean
  wet willow) and no undergarments, and said, �You can go home now bitch, but
  you'll have to wear this on the flight back.. Oh, just one more thing.� She
  walked over to the basin and picked up the disgusting sperm and poop soaked
  banana peel and placed it back on my head. �You have to wear this on the flight
  home also whore. And don't think you can take it off, I have a lot of friends
  on your flight and they'll be watching you. If you remove it, or change clothes,
  you'll get much worse than you did these last couple of days.� All I could
  do was say, �yes Mistress� and be happy I was going home and away from all
  this. Finally, she walked me over to a table and had me sign a paper stating
  that I was a willing participant in what took place and gave my authorization
  to sell the video of my ordeal. 
I spent the rest of the day dealing with my final humiliation by going through
  the airport and sitting on the plane with that short dress and that stupid
  banana peel on my head. Everybody was staring at me as if I was crazy. When
  I sat on the plane I was pulling the dress closed between my legs so no one
  could see but knew there was nothing I could do about the banana peel. I felt
  that each stewardess was looking at me just to see if I would take it off so
  I could be tortured. At one point an old woman walked up to me and looking
  puzzled she said, �Excuse me honey, do you know you have a banana peel on your
  head?� All I could do was make a stupid smile and say, �Yes I know.� I felt
  like such a retard! 







Michelle and the Stewardess part 5

It has been many years since I wrote and exaggerated my short foray into bondage all those years ago. I hope everyone enjoyed and got off on my stories. Sometimes I read them and I still get wet, so I decided to continue the fantasy. I hope you like it. It I get enough positive feedback, then I&#8217;ll write many more parts for you all.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It has been five years since I first saw her. Five years since I attended the BDSM rave in Norfolk and yearned for her. She was an uppity little bitch who our MC and slave kidnapped for our little soiree and then blackmailed into signing a release as a willing participant. I wanted to do so many naughty and brutally humiliating things to her from the moment she was tricked into entering the room. But she belonged to another, so I was content to watch and participate as much as I could.

Imagine my delight six months later when she came into my office in Arlington for therapy. I&#8217;ve been treating her for nearly five years now. Each session was new level of challenge for my restraint. Most times I wouldn&#8217;t even listen to her inane chatter, instead fantasizing about the day when she would be but back into her place and kneel at my feet as the terrified and obedient slave I know her to be. All these years I was biding my time until the situation was right and I could gain the upper hand. Now it was only a matter of time before she would be mine and learn the true meaning of humiliation and obedience.

Wednesday 5:30 PM 1992
I was just about to leave the office when our biggest client called to complain. My assistant, Rosemary, stopped me just as I was out the door; telling me that they needed the new plans tomorrow. The old me would have gone back inside, but as of today that would no longer be my problem. I told her to have Todd Judd take the call because this would be his headache for a while.

Luckily the limo came on time and was waiting right outside the building. It felt funny going to my therapist, Nancy, without driving my Mercedes, but I wasn&#8217;t going to be coming home for a while. I entered Nancy&#8217;s office and it was dark and empty as she told me it would be. I was a little upset because I heard voices inside. �She must be finishing up with another client,� I thought. Funny, she assured me that this would be kept private and no one would be there.

Finally, Nancy stepped out, �hello Michelle,� she said with a smile. Nancy was a fiery longhaired redhead with a muscular but curvy body. Sometimes she would come across a little masculine and I suspected that she was gay but other times, like today, she would sport the sexiest clothing in very professional and feminine manner. It was days like today that made me a little jealous of her. �Hi Nancy, � I replied. �Are you ready,� she asked, motioning me to come inside her office. �Uhm, yes but� are we alone?� I was a little perplexed. �I thought I heard voices,� I continued. �Oh, no that was nothing. It was just the notary. I have her on the other side of the divider so you don&#8217;t even have to see her,� Nancy responded.

Nancy sat at her desk and I on the other side. �Here are the papers Michelle. We&#8217;ll finish up with one more session here today and then continue at the clinic.� �I&#8217;m a little nervous. Are you sure this is the right thing,� I replied. Even after years of therapy, my ordeal from five years ago never got out of my system. �We&#8217;ve been through this Michelle. You&#8217;re going to give me Power Of Attorney so I can keep after your affairs and you are going to spend 8 weeks of intensive therapy at my clinic. Of course you will also have to sign this papers of committal, but that&#8217;s just a formality required by the clinic. Trust me, you will be a totally new woman when we&#8217;re through. You do trust me after all these years, don&#8217;t you?�

I signed the papers and Nancy brought them across the screen where they were notarized. Nancy motioned me on to the therapy sofa after the notary went into the next room to process the paperwork.

�Alright Michelle, before we begin work at the clinic, I&#8217;m going to get quite intense with this session,� she said as she pressed the remote control and started a video on the large screen television on her office. My heart jumped into my throat when I realized the video was the one of my ordeal that was sold by those horrible people in all those sleazy pornographic and mail order catalogs. �How could you show this to me!� I said, standing. Nancy stood and gently pushed me back down to the sofa. �Listen, Michelle you have to face this and accept that it happened to you. We&#8217;re going to watch this entire video and discuss it, okay?� I was breathing heavy and could hardly talk so I tried to calm myself and motioned for her to continue. �Good, you&#8217;re finally beginning to confront your fears. If we make this kind of progress at the clinic, then it may not even take eight weeks,� she said. �OK, now, I want to you confront something else,� she continued. Do you think you would be able to confront the woman that did this to you?� �No, Never! After what she put me through I never want to see that woman again,� I protested. Well Michelle, I have something to tell you. She is outside and I&#8217;ve asked her to come in so we can clear this up once and for all.� �What!, I said making my way to the door. When I turned the knob it was locked and I heard a familiar voice from behind.

�Hello bitch. Did you miss me?� I turned to see the Mistress along side of Nancy, both of them smiling and laughing. She was wearing a stylish beige dress that fell to her knees and a pair of beige pumps. The two of them looked like they were going to a party.&nbsp; �Well, it looks like you forgot the first rule already. Didn&#8217;t you bitch?� All slave sluts in my presence must be naked. So strip to your heels and hose WHORE!� she barked. I looked at Nancy, �Is this supposed to be funny. Is this just the therapy?� I pleaded. �WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT HER FOR WHORE! I SAID TO STRIP, SO DO IT NOW,� the Mistress yelled. I started undressing when the Mistress said, �You should be happy that I&#8217;m commanding you because you&#8217;ll be hers soon enough and she has plans to do things to you that I never even dreamed of. Even so, you will be punished for this disrespect.� Soon I was down to my red thong panties, nude hose and red 3� pumps. Nancy walked over with a scissor and cut the strings 2 my panties, pulling them out from under my hose. �You won&#8217;t be needing these,� she said cutting small holes in my hose to expose my wet willow and poopie hole. She raised the panties up to my mouth and shoved them inside. �At least you won&#8217;t need them on your pussy,� she laughed. 

�Well, let&#8217;s hear it!� the Mistress barked. �Ple-please wha-what are you going to do to me and my naked banana shaped bobbles, wet willow hole, and stocking feetiee?� I said from under my panty gag; remembering the mantra as if it were bruned into my mind.

The Mistress sat on the sofa looking at me. �Hmmm, it feels like just yesterday. You know I was going to leave you alone, but when Nancy called and told me that you were blabbing to her I decided to accept her offer and train you to be her slave for life.� My eyes opened with astonishment. �Oh yes, Nancy has been wanting to rule you ever since Norfolk. I bet you didn&#8217;t even know she was one of the participants.&nbsp; It&#8217;s funny that you didn&#8217;t recognize her. She probably spit more fruit pits at you than anyone else that night. She was also the person who told me that it would be great if I pushed that poop into your mouth. �Now, what shall I do to punish you for your disrespect?, the Mistress continued. �Oh,� she said with enlightenment as she reached into her bag and pulled out those clamps with the heavy weighted balls on the end. �Remember these whore? I bet you really miss your tit balls, don&#8217;t you?� �No, please don&#8217;t,� I murmured from under my panty gag. �You don&#8217;t tell me what to do and what not to do whore!� she said as she clipped those horrid balls onto my nipples (oops, I mean nipply poos).

Nancy walked across the room and commanded me to bend over with the weight from those horrid balls pulling my banana shaped bobbles into a point and swinging across my chest. Afterwards, she took a little hypodermic needle out of her purse and&nbsp;&nbsp; proceeded to give me a shot on my bottom.&nbsp; �Don&#8217;t worry bitch, this just to get those tits lactating. I like my whores with big sloppy tits, so you&#8217;ll be getting one of these shots every day. In a few days your tits will be so painful and engorged that you&#8217;ll beg for us to milk you like a cow every afternoon,� she laughed. �Now stand,� she barked with a total change of demeanor. �It&#8217;s time to get you to the clinic, � she continued as she viciously pulled one of my tit balls and lead me to the door.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michelle Milano


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





