BDSM Library - The Way Suzie Seats




The Way Suzie Seats
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Boss controls every aspect of his secreatry's life.
The Way Suzie Sits


This story has been inspired by so many I have read. If you like this story
please mail me at cruelboss@hotmail.com. It will inspire me. 



She was sitting on her stool typing away on the computer when I entered my
office. The stool was small and made of steel. It had no backrest and no
armrest. I had replaced the normal office chair for her with this specially
designed stool. At the center was a plug, which could come up at the press of a
remote switch. It was not comfortable to sit on for long stretches every day.
Her ample ass overflowed the ass and she had no room to maneuver. She had
nothing to rest her back or her arms if she felt tired. The stool was high so
there was no way she could rest her feet on the ground.  She perched her leg up
on a protruding potion in the center of the stool.

The visual effect was deadly. Her tight skirt was bursting as her ass hung from
all sides. Her perched feet made her short skirt ride up further almost exposing
her panties.  Her acute sense of discomfort have her a helpless look, which
always made me aroused.

Sometimes I made her sit on the stool on her bare ass. At such times she wore a
loose flowing skirt and I operated the remote switch and the plug  would come up
and enter her cunt or asshole depending on what position she sat in. She sat
like this and worked the whole day. Once I had made her fuck the stub by going
up and down on it.

She was my secretary. The HR guys called her administrative assistant but as far
as we were concerned she was my office girl and I was her boss. She has been
working now for really ten years for me and was older than me by about ten
years. But I kept her still as a temp. Every month I make her go down on her
knees and beg me for her job. Sometimes I interview younger girls and give them
temporary assignments. Invariably that makes her so jealous and insecure that
she works incredibly hard to keep her job.  A few times when she protested
against this practice of mine, I beat her soundly and suspended her from office.
She learnt quickly that she is not indispensable.

She sat right in front of my office. Her back was to the door, which I normally
keep open to feast my eyes on her but she could not see me. That always kept her
on her tenterhooks. The best part of this arrangement was that I could come up
behind her and she would never know till I actually squeezed her buttocks or her
breasts.   

I control most of her life. One of my rules is that she cannot leave her seat
without taking permission from me. Often this permission is denied and her
pressure builds up. If I am in the mood I make her squat on a pan and release
herself in front of me. But most often I just let her go when I sense that her
entreating has become desperate. In the early part of our relationship I sensed
that she was being smart in starting to ask for permission long before she
actually needed to go. I played along with her for a few days and then punished
her. I waited for a day when I was relatively less busy and kept on refusing her
request till she was almost in tears. I then ordered her to come into the office
close the door behind her. Inside the office I ordered her to strip and as she
bent down to remove her panties she got the first crack of the stout cane across
her back. The next one was across her thighs and then a few quick ones on the
cap of her knees. That got her down to her knees. I then did a bargain with her.
I told her that she could run to a corner of the office where I would not beat
her. Anywhere else her naked body was fair game. She kept on trying to get there
and I kept on hitting her and blocking her. There was no finesse about the
beating. I hit her as hard as I could and kicked her to keep her away from the
corner. Finally she gave up and collapsed sobbing and I hit her at all parts of
the body. I kicked her over and hit her on her breasts and the insides of her
thighs. And then I pulled her up the hair and made her suck my rock hard cock.

That was one of the worst beatings she has got from me. She had such a fever
that she could not come to office for a few days. I deducted that from her
salary. She had also wet herself on the office carpet and so I docked the
cleaning from her pay. When she came back to her office I made her write the
lines "I will not lie to my boss" a thousand times.

I keep control of her when I am out touring also. If I catch her out of her seat
ever her punishment is lashing across her the soles of her feet. She is allowed
exactly two breaks of three minutes each which I had made her time one day and
is the time that takes her get across to the toilet and come back. The timing of
the break is decided before hand. Sometimes some of the other colleagues try to
delay her on the way back while she is rushing back because they know that I
call dot on the minute she is supposed to be back.  She has to take my
permission before she leaves my office. I give that permission by calling her
and taking the briefing of the day. Sometimes I delay calling her till I have
finished my late evening meeting or entertainment program and she is patiently
waiting.

One of these days I will make her wait whole night. I will be even happier if
she makes the mistake of calling me and asking for permission to go home. That
is strictly disallowed under her terms and conditions of work.

Of course, I take care of her well. Though she is a temp and she has no benefits
like leave and medical, her pay is good. She gets wonderful gifts from me
especially perfumes, dresses and jewellery. I pay for her health and beauty club
memberships. She has traveled across the globe with me and stayed at the top of
the line hotels. I have had her enrolled in many training programs and she was
very versatile in her work.

From day one, I have told her that there was no compromise on her work. As I
have worked my way up the corporate ladder she has taken a lot of load from my
shoulders. I make her work incredibly hard and she knows that mistakes would
invite very harsh punishments. Once she had forgotten to order for breakfast
during an early morning meeting. I kept her chained in office for an entire
weekend while balancing two heavy stones on her tits. If she had dropped the
stones she would not have been able to bend them up in her tight chains and I
would have known when I came in on Monday morning. She did not.

I love mistakes like typos, forgetting to follow up on something. They provide
an excuse (not that I need one!) to punish.  Most often I deal with it a few
summary slaps across the face. But depending on the mood and the severity of the
mistake I have had her head banged on the wooden table or whipped with a crop or
my belt whatever is handy.

When we travel I treat her differently. We got for dinner and drinks.  We go
dancing and start hotly necking on the dance floor and I take her back to the
hotel room. She wears hot clothes - high heels, leather miniskirt, bursting tank
top tied at the navel, exposing her back and shoulders. By the time I am
dragging her roughly back from the dance floor her hair is loose her tits have
almost popped out and her mascara is all running. My hands are running all over
as we get into the elevator. At all points I appear composed even somewhat
embarrassed at the way my girl is behaving.  She moans and I grab her by the
hair and shove her head into the corner of the elevator. She tries to loosen my
belt and I slap her hard. As I pull her out of the elevator she stumbles and
falls and I drag her by the hair to our room. As soon as we enter the room we
are having sex.

Next morning she is at the breakfast table looking her efficient best.

Sometimes, however, we do not go out and prepare for an elaborate evening. I
keep her hungry through the day and in the evening I hang her naked by her
chains between the bedpost and the table and stretch myself on a chair in front
of her. I take a drink of whisky and watch TV catch up with my reading as I
tickle her pussy and her ass with my boot. I order some delectable
hors-de-ovries and watch her eyes as I slowly savor them. I lightly kick her in
the tummy and hold her head by the hair as she licks the crumbs off my fingers
or my boot. After an interminable time when she is sweating with pain and
arousal inspite  of the carefully set temperature of the room, I pick up the
whip. Slowly very slowly I caress the whip all over the body.  I can feel her
shuddering as the whip caresses the area beneath her tits and stiffen as it
moves across her back. I bring it to her lips and she wets the blades by kissing
it fervently. I move the wet blades across her face and she almost feels soothed
with the sense of the wet touches and closes her eyes. Suddenly when she is
least expecting it I let go the first lash.  This time the beating is deliberate
even sensuous. I concentrate on  her back, then her left tit and then her right
tit and then the insides of her thigh lashing her never too hard but repeatedly
on the same place. I stop repeatedly to admire the stripes that is created and
to pour the drinks. She counts the lashes and thanks me after each. If she gets
one more lash than the last highest count reached she has the right to ask me
for a gift. Often I just stop before that and let her down. At that time she is
begging coquettishly for being beaten and I kiss her and refuse to beat her. 
She crawls on her feet licks my boots, kisses my hand, and brings the whip and
chain in her mouth and lay it on my feet. She then kneels and raises her tits
with her hand and begs. I kick her away but she continues to dissuade me. Often
I don't beat her but order her a nice dinner and we end up having loving sex. 
But she needs to be careful, however: sometimes I was just bored or too drunk
and then I would just chuck the whip away and take out the cane. Under those
circumstances, my agreement with her was off. I would beat her without any mercy
and then take her doggy style and make her sleep on the cold bathroom floor all
night.

Today morning Suzie - that was her name was wearing a backless dress and a tight
black skirt. She wished me a very cheery good morning as soon as I entered the
office and brought me my coffee. I had told her to wear this dress yesterday
when she was leaving. We had all been very busy for a month to have any fun and
games and I noticed that Suzie's back was completely unmarked.

To her cheery good morning my reply was curt - not even a greeting. I threw a
bunch of legal papers at her and said that I wanted a draft on agreement by
noon. I knew it could not be done in such a short time frame and she knew it
could not be done but she knew better than to protest.   

At noon she was furiously working and was startled as I called her. She said
that she was sending in the report in five minutes and I smiled. I walked up to
her and cracked the whip across her bare back. This was the heavier whip and the
welt that appeared immediately was deep and red. The skin cracked in places.
Before she could move I had crossed the welt with another and her back now had
two red marks in the form of a X. The great part of it was that everybody would
come to know of her beating.

"12 o' clock means 12 o'clock you lazy slut and before you waste time crying
please remember that every additional half an hour will earn you another one"

I did not have to give her another.  The agreement was mailed within fifteen
minutes to me.

I studied the agreement. There was a plan for her I had got today.

I had a meeting right after lunch with a client. Suzie had fixed up the meeting
who had not met the client before. Now Suzie was under strict instructions to be
as sexy as possible on telephone. She would put on her most husky voice and
appear as if she was giving the client a blow job. She would flirt but at no
point she would give out her name. She was always the Vice President's girl and
did not even have a name in office. She had given the impression  (and did not
have to act for it) that she was terribly frightened off me.

When the client arrived Suzie went to greet her after being warned that she was
going to put her most sexy smile. I was waiting when she led her in. The client
followed her as she swayed her hips. He already had a hard on as he saw her
ample ass cheeks go up and down and the red welts across her back ooze a bit of
blood.

We sat on the sofa as Suzie helped the client out of his suit liberally brushing
her tits against him. I dismissed her and helped my client sit at a place from
where he could see Suzie's back. " Your earplugs on", I ordered her and
explained to the client "We do not want her to over hear any discussions we any
have".

During the initial pleasantries Suzie brought in coffee and cookies. She poured
it from both of us smiled at our visitor and left. Our discussions continued
late till evening but I could sense that my client's mind was not on his work.
As we crossed the office hours his glances towards Suzie became more rapid. I
cut into his thoughts when I said "Suzie is not allowed to leave until I give
her permission and in any case she is waiting to settle her in the hotel we have
booked for you. I hope you will find it comfortable"

The meeting could not continue for long. Suzie was called in to the room and  I
warned her of the consequences if our visitor had anything to complain about the
next day.  Suzie explained to the client that he would need " certain articles"
and led him to the small store room along with the office. There I could hear
her explain: "Sir, these are the things that you may need for me. This of course
is the whip, which my boss used on my back, and this is the cane. You may like
to hit me across the calves. It hurts a lot and of course as I lie you can hit
me on the inside of the thighs. " Her voice breaks at this point and she carries
on tonelessly : "and these are the nipple clips, sir, you can tighten them till
I am screaming like an animal." She is crying now but she checks herself as  is
aware that I will be angry and carries on: "These are the handcuffs, you can use
them to hang me with the rope and whip me or you know so many ways. Is there
anything specific that you want Sir, or should I carry the bag with me?"

Our visitor must have mumbled something but I saw Suzie carrying the bag with
her and leading the client out of the office.

I finish this story off by reproducing her report the next morning.

"Sir, I sat beside the gentleman as the driver drove away towards the hotel. I
could not sit back as my back was burning so I asked him whether I could sit
sideways and rest my back on his arm. I made small talk to him told him about
the town asked him about where he came from  He has got a fancy MBA degree and
he was young and awkward. He asked me about you and I said that you were a very
strict boss who did not tolerate any laziness. I pressed myself against him. At
that point he touched me for the first time. Very tentatively he moved his
fingers over the marks on my back. I kept silent. He asked me whether I had put
anything on them and said No. He appeared very concerned and in spite of my
protestations we stopped at a shop and brought a cream. He rubbed it gently on
my marks and it felt good.

I am aware that this is not what you would have liked and you can punish me as
you deem fit.

In any case as we came to the hotel we went up to our room with everybody
staring. I helped him out of his shoes with my teeth and then of his clothes. I
sat at the foot of the bed massaging his feet. He was very tentative and kept
pulling himself away.

He asked me whether I liked working here and I said that I needed the money. And
that you are kind enough to employ me "Who wants to employ an old hag anyway?, I
asked. I would be out on the streets if I was not here. . All the bosses want
the young tight girls ". Saying this, I lifted my tits.  He was sweet: he said
that he thought I looked  young and nice. I laughed saying that it was just a
temporary feeling and kissed him boldly for saying such a thing. I moved back
immediately and appeared frightened and asked him whether he was angry with me
for being bold. I told him that if he was angry with me he should punish me
himself but that please he should not complain to you. I told him of the
incident when somebody had complained about the way I had spoken to him on
telephone and you had pulled out my tongue with a pair of hot tongs.

I showed him the marks and then bent down pressed myself against him and begged
him not even to say this to you.

I loosened him up, Sir, as best as I could. I undressed him, poured a drink for
him, took a gulp and emptied it with a kiss in his mouth, massaged him, had him
handcuff me and rubbed myself all over him took him to the bathtub soaped him
and bathed him. All the while I kept telling him how you punish me and he got
harder and harder.

At this point I was just in my panties. I asked him how he wanted to punish me.
I also without his noticing itpaged the young bimbo you had organized and she
entered the room. Even before he could react she was in her garter belt  and all
over him. We took sides - right and left - as we sandwich massaged our client
with me handcuffed and really working hard. 

Sometime I think he caught on to the act as he grabbed my hair and said that you
are not being as good as the other chick. I gave him a blowjob. He was obviously
satisfied and his hand pulled him off my panties. His mouth hang open when he
saw the thin padlock. I braced myself for his angry blow but luckily the bimbo
was between his legs.

I explained what you had told me to that he such a handsome young man was not
expected to fuck a sagging cunt like me so we had organized this hot little
number for him while I was just supposed to settle him in and leave. I had liked
him so much that I delayed calling the young girl and worked on him. I was
crying and told him that he could beat me as much as he could. The keys to my
cont trap were with you.

Through the night this gentleman and the bimbo tied me up and thrashed me while
they made me suck them and drink their piss.

I will present my bruises to you for inspection as and when you require."

As I finished the report my client came in. "Your secretary- I have forgotten
her name - was very rude yesterday. You must keep her in line " was his first
comment.

That day you took turns making Suzie scream. And at the end of the day I had got
a contract.

I should be in line for a new promotion and a new young tart.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cruel Boss


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





