BDSM Library - Wet Weekend




Wet Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Weekend exploration of slut's limits.
Wet Weekend

Another email popped up, she looked at the address and she immediately saw that
it was from her Master. Quickly opening it, she read "Cunt, this weekend W/we
are going away. Be prepared to once again prove to Me what a slut I have. Friday
evening I will come by to pick you up, be dressed in proper slut attire. Pack an
additional set of slut clothes, your toys, shithole cleaner, piss toilet,
toiletry items, and nothing else. you will wear nothing for most of the weekend.
you will pack only those things that I will let you use. The toys may be in your
suitcase, the piss toilet and shit hole cleaner, you will carry out to the car
uncovered. Do not keep Me waiting slut. I will be there at 6 sharp."

Hurrying home after work, thankful that she had done one shithole cleaning
already today, she quickly cleaned her shithole twice more, showered, shaved and
put on her slut makeup. Between cleanings, she packed her bag with a slut dress
that traveled well, low-cut halter dress, couple of pairs of thigh highs, all of
her toys, her makeup and after some debating also threw in a candle as well.
After finishing with the shithole cleaning, she put the cleaner inside her piss
whore toilet and prepared to get dressed.  Not sure how slutty her Master wanted
her to dress, she choose something more moderate, but still slutty, a 14 inch
black mini skirt, lace top, thigh high hose and 4 inch stiletto heels.

When her Master's car pulled up at precisely 6, she was at the door with her bag
and piss pail right next to her. As she watched Him walk to the door, her cunt
clenched with just the sight of Him. Thinking how his voice, his hands, his mind
aroused her and touched something no one ever had before. Quickly answering the
door before He could knock twice, she knelt down and said "Welcome Master." As
He looked around, and saw her bag and piss pail, he said "well done slut, Rise,
grab your bag and piss pail and let's go."

With her face burning carrying her piss pail out in the open to His car, hoping
the neighbor's didn't see it, she followed her Master to His car. The whole time
feeling like her Master was deliberately walking as slowly as possible. At
arriving at His car, Master walked around to the driver's side, while she waited
outside the passenger side of the car for permission to enter. When He finally
unlocked the door and gave her permission to enter, she quickly tried to sit
down, but her Master said, "No slut, don't want those things up here, get out
and put them in the back seat." Getting back out of the car, she quickly opened
the back door to put her suitcase and piss pail in on the seat. "No slut on the
floor back there, I don't want your dirty piss whore's pail on My car seat" As
she bent over to put the piss pail on the floor, her skirt raised high up her
ass, her cunt and ass exposed to the blowing air and cars driving by. Finally
getting the pail and suitcase situated, she was allowed to return to the front
seat. As she went to sit down, her Master stopped her again and said, "That
skirt is to be up around your waist for the entire trip, pull it up now and then
get into the car." Quickly pulling her skirt up to her waist, she sat down, the
leather seat cool on her naked ass and closed the door.

she could feel her cunt dripping on her Master's car seat, dripping all the more
knowing that she would have to lick it clean whenever T/they got to where T/they
were going. "comfortable cunt" "Yes Master" "Well lets see if W/we can't make
you more comfortable. Lower that seat a bit cunt and spread your legs wide."
Putting the seat back down and sliding down in the seat some, she spread her
legs wide, her cunt very exposed to anyone who would look in the window. "Slide
your shoes off cunt and then put your stocking feet up on the dash cunt."
Groaning, dripping madly, she slowly takes off her shoes and places her feet up
on the dash. "Lets cool that hot cunt off a bit slut," and with that her Master
opens the window on her side of the car. The cool air blowing across her
dripping wet cunt, the slut writhing in the chair as the air arouses her even
more. Whimpering as she writhes, knowing she will not be allowed to slop this
soon, quietly humping the air.


The sound of a truck horn repeatedly blasting causes her face to burn, knowing
that the trucker can see her naked cunt as she writhes on the seat. Her Master
seems to drive as to stay right beside the truck. her hand clench with the
desire to pull down her skirt, but knows she is not allowed. finally her Master
pulls off for his exit and the truck goes on by.

her Master pulls into a restaurant parking lot and says that this is where
T/they will be having dinner. He lets her take her legs down and slip her shoes
on, but she is still not allowed to pull her skirt down. "Before W/we go in
cunt, reach down to that dripping wet cunt and take out that slop and slop your
fuck face cunt. I want you to reek of slut juice cunt. Behind your ears, in your
nose, all over your fuck face. I want it shiny with cunt juice." Moaning and
writhing as she covers her face with cunt juice, wet cunt thanks her Master for
allowing her to slop herself.

Then He reminds her that when she gets out of the car, she is to bend over and
lick His seat clean after making it such a mess with cunt slop and she quietly
whispers "yes Master". her Master parks right under a streetlight near the
middle of the parking lot and tells her to get out. she gets out, her skirt
momentarily stuck up around her waist, her cunt and ass exposed and as she turns
to bend over and lick Master's seat clean, it falls down from her waist. Bend
over licking the seat clean, her ass and cunt again exposed, her Master comes
over to the passenger side of the car to inspect the job she has done cleaning
the seat. "Stay down there cunt until I see if you have done a good enough job
or not" He bends over to sniff the seat, wipes His hand on the wet spot to make
sure it is just saliva and then finally lets her rise. "Well done, I will have
to find some way to reward you wet cunt." "thank You Master" she whispers as
T/they move to the restaurant.

Inside the restaurant, T/they get taken to a booth in the back, somewhat
secluded. As T/they approach the table, her Master whispers "remember that bare
ass is to be on that seat cunt." her face burning sure that the hostess heard,
she nods her head. her Master, turned and glared at her and then she whispered
"yes Master" "What I didn't hear you." Louder this time she said "yes Master,"
her face on fire. As T/they get to the seat, she lifts her skirt so that her
bare ass will be on the seat and sits down. her Master slides in so that He is
right next to her as the hostess hands T/them menus.

As T/they look at the menu, Master slides His hand up her thigh, spreading her
legs further until His hand is reaching her wet cunt. Running His hand slowly
lightly over her clit, she quietly moans from His touch. "I have a present for
you cunt. I think I will give it to you now." and He reaches into his coat
pocket and pulls out a small box. "open it cunt" As she opens it, she sees that
in the box are a set of ben wa balls. "Thank You Master" she says. "I think W/we
should try them out now, cunt don't you." "Yes Master" "Well then, put them in
your cunt slut." As she hesitates slightly, knowing He was not going to let her
do so in the bathroom, she slowly takes the balls out of the box. "If you don't
hurry up, you won't like the result slut. Now hurry up and put them in." she
quickly reaches under her skirt and spreads her legs a bit wider so she can fit
her hand between them and pushes the first ball up into her cunt, groaning
mildly. Then as she is about to put the second ball in, she sees the waiter
coming toward their table and quickly puts the second ball in her dripping cunt,
groaning louder as he gets to their table. "clean your hands while I order" "yes
Master" she says as her face burns. "She wants two drinks, some water and a
Pepsi or coke" she heard her Master say.

All throughout the rest of the dinner her Master would periodically work His
hand under her skirt to tease her clit and bring more slop out to wipe on her
face. And every few minutes her Master told her to take another drink until she
felt like she was going to slosh when she walks. When dinner was finally
finished and the waiter came back to ask if they wanted dessert, her Master
said, "no, she will be having something else for dessert." Looking down, face
burning her Master said "Thank the nice gentlemen for the job he has done"
forcing her to look him in the face to say Thank you.

Walking out to the car, as the combination of the water and the ben wa balls had
her quietly moaning, her Master said "bet the thought of your dessert has your
mouth watering and your cunt quivering doesn't it slut." "yes Master" "My slut
is quivering with the thought of sitting in a car in a parking lot and sucking
her Master's suck dry, aren't you slut" "yes Master" "Beg for your dessert slut"
"Please Master, please let Your slut suck Your cock for dessert Master, please
Master" "all right slut, you may have dessert." Getting into the car, putting
the seat back, pulling her skirt to her waist, she kneels over, unzipping her
Master's pant, and hungrily takes His cock out of His pants, her head diving for
His cock. Greedily sucking it down, lapping at the precum. "You will be cleaning
my pants as well slut" groaning with pleasure, her tongue working on the slit of
His cock, writhing more when hearing his sounds of pleasure, head bobbing
faster, hungry for her Master's cum. Finally her Master, arching His back,
groaning with pleasure starts to cum, swallowing down as fast as possible, some
of her Master's cum dribbling out of her mouth, she gulps down her Master's cum.
Pleased that she had pleased Him. "clean me off slut and don't forget to lick
the precum out of my pants before you close them" Licking His cock and pants
clean, kissing the tip before closing His pants up, she whispers "thank You
Master for allowing your slut to suck You cock" "you're welcome cunt. Now on to
our destination. W/we have only one more stop to make tonight."

As He pulls out the parking lot, she once again settles on the seat with her
skirt up to her waist, her legs spread. The ben wa balls moving with each bump
that the car hits. "Those will really be interesting for you at our next stop
cunt" she watches as He pulls into the farthest section of the parking lot of a
Wal-Mart saying that they had to pick up supplies. After bending over to clean
the larger spot on her Master's seat brought on by the Ben Wa balls, she slowly
turned to go into the store. The walk to the Wal-Mart had her panting loudly as
the Ben wa balls and the need to piss kept her on the edge of slopping.
Wondering how she would ever be able to control herself in the store, she walked
very slowly toward the Wal-Mart with her Master telling her to speed up an evil
smile on His face. Whispering prior to getting to the store, "may wet cunt use
the bathroom here Master" "No, wet cunt, we won't be here long and you can hold
it." Taking a cart, He heads back to the pet section. first He makes her bend
over and pick up a dog bowl from the bottom shelf and put it in the cart. Then
He has her try on a number of different collars until He finds one He likes and
has her put it in the cart. Lastly, He looks at different leather leases,
snapping them and flexing them, hmm, and hawing until He finds one that He
likes. The whole time her face and cunt are burning, Grateful to finally have a
collar, but knowing each person around them knows that they are not being bought
for a dog.

At the front of the store, they find the tag machine and He has her make a tag
shaped like a bone that says her name "wet cunt" and as it is printing, He
debates out loud whether He will have her wear the collar and leash out carrying
the dog bowl in her mouth or not. Burning with shame, wanting desperately to beg
oh please don't Master, knowing begging would only make Him more set to do it,
she waits for Him to decide. Finally He says, "I will let you put them on in the
car this time cunt" and they turn to walk to the car. He had parked in the
farthest part of the lot, no lights near by. When He gets to the car, He says "I
have changed My mind, you are to put them on here, outside of the car, but first
you are to strip naked. No slut of mine wears its collar while it is wearing
clothes." "Strip slut" her cunt dripping, her hand shaking, hoping no one would
pull into the parking lot just then, she quickly takes off her clothes, holding
them in her hand. "give them to Me cunt and kneel down so that I can put this
collar on" Quickly kneeling, holder her head up, stretching her neck forward,
she waits for her Master to put His collar on her. After pulling the collar
tight, He reaches down and snaps the leash on. "Maybe because you were begging
Me to let you piss, I should make you piss right here in the parking lot." then
waiting a moment, to watch wet cunt's reaction, he then said "but I don't want
you dripping piss in My car, so you will have to hold it for a bit more wet
cunt." Tugging lightly on the leash, He directs her to stand back up and get
into the car.

"you know what that bowl is for cunt. It will be your drinking bowl for the rest
of this weekend. Whatever I put in it, piss, toilet water, cum, whatever is in
there you will lap up. Do you understand Me cunt?" "Bark once for yes and twice
for no cunt" barking once, nodding her head "good cunt" "this weekend you will
be My bitch, My fuckcow, My fuckpig, you will be a crazed animal, begging to be
fucked repeatedly, oinking and mooing as you slop. I have brought a video camera
to capture your humiliation and I can hardly wait to show this video to some of
my friends when I return."

The rest of the trip out to the cabin, Master would take the end of the leash
and lightly spank her cunt, over and over again until it was nicely red. When
they arrived at the cabin, He said. "Get out of the car, stand with your legs
spread wide, your tits out and your arms crossed behind your back. we need to
see if this leash is good for spanking your milkbags. Hold your leash in your
mouth until I get there" Moving quickly into position, standing at attention,
she waited for her Master to come around to this side of the car, drooling on
her leash. Taking her leash out of her mouth, working His hand down to near the
end, He started to lash her milkbags with the leash, first the right and then
the left. "Hold them up for me cunt, so that I can aim better." Putting her
hands under her milkbags, arching her back more, she held her milkbags up for
her Master to lash with the leash, groaning, cunt dripping. "That's looks good
enough for now"

"One more thing before we go in. Neither of us will be using the bathroom here
for anything but shitting in. you will be my urinal for the entire weekend and
you will be allowed to use your piss toilet as needed. However, to start the
weekend off right, I need to show you what the piss mud puddles I've made in the
past thinking about you look like cunt." "lay down on your back cunt, legs
spread wide and hold your cunt open for your Master's piss. you will be rolling
in your Master's piss, covered with piss mud before you get to crawl into that
cabin tonight slut." Laying down in a dirt section of the yard, spreading her
legs wide, holding her cunt open, groaning waiting for her Master's piss on her
throbbing cunt. He says "play with your clit slut until you are just about to
slop and then pull your hand back. that will be my signal that you are ready for
your Master's hot piss" her hand darting to play with her clit, rubbing it,
writhing on the ground until almost slopping and then pulling her hand away and
pulling her cunt lips as wide as possible, begging for her Master to piss on her
cunt without Him even telling her to. her ass rising up from the ground, rising
up to receive the piss. Finally feeling her Master's piss spraying down on her
cunt, filling her cunthole, spasming, wet cunt fighting not to slop as her
Master moves His piss stream up to cover her belly and tits as well. Then
directing the stream to the dirt under her cunt. After her Master finishes
pissing all over His pisswhore He says "now kneel in that piss mud puddle and
clean My cock slut, when it is clean you will finally get to piss as you have
been begging Me for the last hour or so. Once you have added your slut piss to
the piss puddle you are to roll around in that piss puddle and oink like the
piss pig you are. I want my piss pig completely covered with piss mud and I will
be checking, so do a good job piss pig" After licking her Master's cock clean,
the piss pig opened her legs wider where she was kneeling and it seemed like
gallons of piss started to pour out of her, her face burning red, squatting in
the dirt to piss, making a piss puddle that she was going to have to roll in,
sinking further and further into a state of utter humiliation. Finally when
there was nothing left to piss out, the piss pig started rolling around in the
piss puddle oinking loudly until it's body was completely covered with piss mud.
"Haven't you forgotten some place piss pig." and with that the piss pig squatted
further down pressing its fuck face into the piss mud until its face and hair
were covered with piss mud as well. "Stay there piss pig until I can capture
this moment for posterity. Now where is that digital camera. Putting the piss
whore's toilet over its piss mud covered head, her Master moved all over the
piss pig taking pictures of His piss mud covered piss pig." "Now stay right
where you are pig until I get the supplies in the cabin, then I will let you
crawl in. And if you think I am touching you tonight to get those Ben wa balls
out of the pig's filthy cunt, you are sadly mistaken, you will just have to try
to sleep with them in" After many trips back and forth to the cabin, the piss
pig with no idea what its Master had brought, its Master came back over and
tugged on its leash. "Now crawl up to the cabin, you will sleep on the floor
tonight piss pig and in the morning I will let you clean up. Sleep well piss
pig".




Wet Weekend

Part 2

wet cunt lay over in its corner in the cabin, its piss pail set up within
crawling distance, the piss mud drying on its skin, mind racing, starting to
crash. wet cunt could hear her Master walking around the cabin, wanting
desperately to get His attention, to beg Him to allow her to clean up. Still
greedy from all of His previous attention, wanting to slop, feeling stretched
past anywhere T/they had ever been before, starting to moan lightly as it felt
itself drop out of sub-space, when her Master walked over to where she lay in
the corner. "wet cunt, you did very well tonight. Thought you might have safe
worded out of that. your need for humiliation is greater than you thought isn't
it wet cunt." Whispering softly "yes, Master, it is" "Bet you're feeling the
drop now though wet cunt, aren't you." "Yes Master." "Well, W/we will clean you
up before W/we turn in for the night, but remember though this was a stretch,
you will continue to be stretched, just in different areas through out the
weekend wet cunt."

"As you did so well earlier wet cunt, you will be allowed warm water to clean up
with. By the end of the weekend, W/we will see if you have earned the privilege
of sleeping with your Master. Bet your slophole drips at the thought of that
doesn't it wet cunt." "Yes Master, very much Master." Leading wet cunt gently to
the bathroom, helping her into the tub, her Master gently washes the piss mud
from her body. Shivering at His touch, moaning, wet cunt's slophole dripping
madly, quietly humping the air, wet cunt begs to be allowed to slop. "Please
Master, please let wet cunt slop Master, wet cunt needs to slop sooo badly
Master." "NO, and stop begging slut. you will get to slop when and if I say wet
cunt and not before." "yes Master" biting her lip not to groan as her Master
stroked her sloppy cunt.

"Stand up wet cunt." wet cunt stooding quickly, as wet cunt's Master dried her
off. "Taking care of you wet cunt now has your Master needing to be taken care
of again." "Please Master, may wet cunt suck Your cock Master." "you may hold
the tip of Master's cock in your mouth cunt wet cunt until Master decides where
He wishes His cum to go." Kneeling quickly, whispering "Thank You Master, Thank
You Master" wet cunt opens its mouth cunt and takes just the tip of Master's
cock into its mouth. Groaning from the pleasure of it, wishing it had permission
to take it all the way down, patiently waiting for Master's decision.  "hmmm,
where to cum, where to cum, in you cunt mouth, over all your fuck face." With
that Master pops His cock out of wet cunt's mouth and starts cock slapping its
face. Wet cunt stuck its tongue out further, as her Master cock slapped her
face, groaning with pleasure, whimpering. "Greedy little slut, aren't you wet
cunt." mumbling "Yes Master, Your greedy little cunt," as wet cunt's face is
continuously cock slapped. her moans of pleasure echoing in the bathroom, as she
humps the air like the greedy slut that she is.

"I know, wet cunt. Crawl over to the toilet and put your head and face in the
toilet, after Master takes some pictures of the piss whore in its natural state,
then Master will use that shithole and fill it with His cum. that way wet cunt
can go to sleep tonight with Master cum draining out of its shithole.  Hearing
her Master chuckle as she crawled quickly to the toilet, wet cunt raised the
seat and put her head deep into the toilet, her face down in the water. "Time
for pictures piss whore, reach you hands back and spread your ass cheeks for Me
slut, sort of a before shot, later, W/we will get another shot of Master's cum
leaking out of the piss whore's shithole."

Reaching back, spreading her ass cheeks as far as possible, feeling the cool air
hitting her shithole, hearing the camera clicking away, knowing that pictures of
her, with her head burying in the toilet, her ass cheeks spread wide waiting for
her Master's cock, would be posted soon, made wet cunt's humiliation and arousal
grow even stronger. her groans of arousal and humiliation echoing in the toilet
as her Master dips His fingers into her dripping wet slophole to drag some cunt
juice back to lubricate her shithole. Writhing on Master's fingers gets wet
cunt's ass slapped, "Be still cunt," as Master starts finger fucking wet cunt's
shithole to prepare it for His cock. Biting her lip to keep from humping the
air, wet cunt moans louder still, her Master chuckling as her moans echo in the
toilet.

"That's wide enough, still want your shithole tight on My cock," and with that
wet cunt's Master slowly starts to bury His cock in her shithole. Inch by inch
until wet cunt could feel her Master's balls pressing hard against her ass.
Thankful that her Master gave her shithole a moment to adjust before starting to
ass fuck her shithole hard. wet cunt could feel her milkbags bruising as they
slammed repeatedly into the toilet, her hair and face drenched with toilet
water, her groans of pleasure rising louder and louder matching her Master's
grunts as He slam fucked her shithole. Finally wet cunt could feel the rush of
her Master's cum deep in her shithole, wave after wave of cum spewed into her
shithole, feeling her Master shudder as He came.

wet cunt waited thinking her Master was going to pull out quickly to take the
pictures that He had mentioned, but instead her Master waited His cock still in
her shithole. After a couple of moment, wet cunt felt her shithole start to fill
with fluid as her Master filled her shithole with a piss enema. "Now W/we will
take some pictures of my piss whore having a cum and piss enema. Won't you sleep
well tonight with your shithole plugged holding in the piss and cum enema that
Master gave you wet cunt. Now reach back and hold those ass cheeks open for the
pics, first draining slightly and then with your shithole plug with its pig tail
for all the world to see what a greedy little fuckpig my pisswhore is."

Wet cunt reached back as she heard her Master go rummage through her bag looking
for her shithole plug. she heard her Master growl as He was searching in the bag
and started to worry about the candle that she had put in the bag. Trying to
make up for not following His directions exactly, wet cunt spread her ass cheeks
painfully wide for the picture, as she heard her Master walk back into the
bathroom. "W/we will deal with your disobedience in a moment cunt, first to
finish this, get those ass cheeks spread wider, slut." Pulling harder still,
groaning in pain, wet cunt spread her ass cheeks as far as possible. Hearing
repeated camera clicks, as her Master's cum and piss dripped from her shithole,
wet cunt shivers thinking about the punishment to come. wet cunt's Master shoved
the shithole plug in hard and clicked away with the camera for a couple pictures
before saying "Get out of the toilet pisswhore. Turn around and face Me."

Pulling her head and face out the toilet, the water running down her face, down
her body, wet cunt turning around, kneeling before her Master, her face down,
knowing what was wrong. "What disobedience do W/we have to discuss cunt?" "the
candle" whispered wet cunt "Speak up cunt, what disobedience?" "The candle
Master." "Did I not specifically tell you to bring nothing but what I commanded
you to bring?" "Yes Master" "And still you brought something that I did not
specifically command you to bring. What do you have to say for yourself cunt?"
"Master, wet cunt is sorry Master for disobeying You. it thought that a candle
might have been a nice touch in the cabin Master." "Did I not specifically say
that you were to bring nothing that wasn't going to be used on you this weekend,
wet cunt?" "Yes Master" "Well, W/we will have to do so, first however, as part
of your punishment, you will not be allowed to hump Master's leg like He was
going to let you. you will have to try to sleep with your shithole plugged
without having gotten to slop all because you could not follow very specific
commands."

"Crawl out to your corner cunt." Crawling quickly until it was kneeling in its
corner, head down, eyes filled with tears for disappointing her Master. "you
thought that you were greedy before, it will be nothing compared to what you
will be like tomorrow morning. you may try to use your piss whore's pail, but
W/we both know that you can't piss with the shithole plug in cunt. so by the
morning, you will be greedier than you've been in a long time and have to piss
like crazy, don't think you will be getting any sleep tonight cunt, but if you
want to be able to sit down some time in the next week, you best not disturb My
sleep cunt." With that her Master chained her into her corner and walked off to
bed.

wet cunt lay there shivering for the toilet water drying on her body, biting her
lip trying not the hump the air from the feel of the shithole plug in her
shithole, tears running down her cheeks from having disappointed her Master,
hoping some how to fix things before the weekend was over. As wet cunt curled up
trying to get some rest, she couldn't help wondering what tomorrow would bring.




Wet Weekend

Part 3

All night long wetcunt humped the air, sometimes moaning slightly, sometimes
biting her lip so as not to moan, afraid of waking her Master. The need to piss
caused a great pressure on her clit, increasing her greediness, her need to
slop. The shithole plug doing what it always did, turning her into dripping wet
slut. Even without the plug, the thought of being filled with her Master's piss
and cum would have had wetcunt on the edge of slopping all night long. From time
to time, wet cunt would crawl over to her pisswhore's toilet, squat over the
pail and try to piss, but be unable to because of the plug in her shithole.
Wondering why it always had that effect on her, she quietly crawled back to her
corner and tried again to fall asleep, only to be humping the air a few minutes
later.

Throughout the long night, when wetcunt wasn't humping the air fighting the
craving to slop, its mind was on what punishment lay in store for it for
bringing the candle. wetcunt knew how evilly creative her Master was and when
she wasn't humping the air, she was shaking in fear with what punishment He
would devise. Finally, wetcunt saw that the sun was starting to brighten up the
morning sky. Not knowing whether to feel relief that the long night was past or
to feel terror at what lie ahead for her today, wet cunt heard her Master
starting to stir.

"Urinal, crawl over here." Getting quickly onto her hands and knees, wetcunt
quickly crawled over to the edge of Master's bed, the chain pulled tight.
Opening her mouth wide, wetcunt prepared to serve as her Master's urinal. As her
Master rolled over to the side of the bed, He said, "Anything you don't swallow
cunt, you will be lapping up off of the floor. And if you have to lap up any of
your Master's piss up off the floor, for every second that it takes you to do
that, you will receive 5 lashes to each milkbag later in the day."

Taking her Master's cock into her mouth, holding it in place, wetcunt tipped her
body back so that any piss she missed would hit for floor, her Master
deliberately waiting knowing that making His slut wait for His piss increased
the humiliation it felt. Finally unable to wait any longer, her Master released
His piss into His urinal's mouth. Gulping rapidly, trying to swallow it down,
wetcunt felt some piss drip out of her mouth. Knowing she would be punished for
not swallowing it all, she tried to swallow her Master's piss faster. "Would
have thought after the punishment that you already have coming cunt, that you
would have done a better job this morning."  Licking her Master's cock clean,
whispering "sorry Master" wetcunt bent down to lick the floor clean. "One one
thousand, two one thousand, three one thousand, four one thousand...," wetcunt's
Master counted as she scurried around on her knees lapping the piss drops from
the floor, trying to make sure that none remained, afraid of what the punishment
would be if she missed any.  Finally sure that no piss drops remained on the
floor, wetcunt returned to her knees, panting. "15 seconds wetcunt, your
milkbags will be sore. Go back to your corner, I'm going back to sleep for a
while. Wake me in an hour wetcunt, with your mouth cunt wrapped tightly around
My cock. When I get up for good, W/we will take care of the shithole plug and
what I'm sure is your growing need to piss."

Crawling quietly back to her corner, knowing no response was necessary, wetcunt
watched the clock carefully, a minute before the hour was up, wetcunt crawled
quickly and quietly over to the edge of Master's bed. Sticking her head under
the covers, wetcunt took her Master's cock into her mouth and slowly, lovingly
started to fuck her mouth cunt with her Master's cock. Hearing Him wake up,
wetcunt started sucking harder, faster, deeper, taking her Master's cock deeper
into her throat, trying to drain the cum from her Master's cock. "you are quite
the cum-hungry slut this morning wetcunt. Don't worry, cumslut, your need for
Master cum will soon be filled. DO NOT swallow Master's cum wetcunt. Hold it in
your mouth cunt until I tell you to swallow." With that wetcunt groaned, and
fucked her mouth cunt harder, finally hearing her Master groan as He arched His
back and filled wetcunt's mouth with His cum. Struggling to hold all of Master's
cum in her mouth cunt, wetcunt tried not to gag, as Master spewed cum again and
again. "Open your mouth cunt, slut, I want to see My cum in your mouth cunt.
Don't worry it can drain out some, unto your chin and milkbags slut." Opening
her cum-filled mouth cunt, wetcunt felt some of her Master's cum drain out of
the corners of her mouth cunt, down her chin, onto her milkbags. "push more out
of your mouth cunt slut, want to see your face and milkbags covered with
Master's cum." Pushing as much of the cum out of her mouth cunt, wetcunt's chin
and milkbags were covered with her Master's cum. "Rub it all over cunt, all over
your fuck face, your milkbags." Rubbing fiercely, wetcunt spread her Master's
cum all over her fuckface and milkbags. "Okay now crawl back over to your corner
until I get up."

Eventually wet cunt's Master got out of bed, "Crawl into the bathroom cunt, W/we
will let that piss and cum enema out, but don't you dare piss in the toilet. For
that when you are done releasing the enema, you will crawl back to your toilet
and piss in your piss toilet." Crawling into the bathroom, up unto the toilet,
wetcunt pulled the shithole plug out and the piss and cum enema drained out of
her shithole, loudly gushing out. her face burning with humiliation at the
noise, wetcunt struggled not to piss into the toilet. "All out cunt?" "Yes,
Master." "Then crawl out to your toilet pisswhore and piss for your Master.
Remember pisswhore, you have to ask permission before you piss"

Crawling quickly into the other room, squatting over its toilet, wetcunt waited
for her Master to get into the room. Once her Master was in the room, wetcunt
asked, "May Your pisswhore use its toilet Master, please?" "Beg pisswhore, beg
for permission to piss cunt" "Please Master, please let Your pisswhore piss
Master, its begs You for permission to be allowed to piss Master" "All right
pisswhore, piss for your Master, but make sure you look at your Master while you
piss slut" Having held its piss for so long, the pisswhore struggled to start
pissing. "I'm waiting whore" With its face burning red watching her Master's
growing impatience, wetcunt finally was able to start pissing, first a little
trickle that hit the bottom of the pail and sounded like thunder, then gushing
like a river, pouring into the pisswhore toilet. Struggling to keep watching her
Master while she pissed, wanting desperately to not see this humiliation through
His eyes, wetcunt finished pissing in the pisswhore toilet. "All finished
pisswhore?" "Yes Master" "Then wipe yourself clean, and keep watching Me while
you lick your hand clean pisswhore" Reaching down between her legs, wiping her
piss hole with her hand, bringing her piss wet hand up to her mouth to lick it
clean. Legs shaking from squatting so long, shivering in humiliation, wetcunt
reached down again to gather more piss to continue to clean herself. After
wiping and licking about 5 times, wetcunt put her hand back down by her side.
"Finished cunt?" "Yes Master." "W/we will deal with your piss toilet later cunt.
Time for breakfast."

"Crawl into the kitchen cunt, once there, you may stand to make breakfast. Make
sure you wash your hands first cunt. Set the table, for one. I want 4 eggs
scrambled, 8 sausage links and 4 pieces of toast for breakfast. First make the
coffee, and bring Me a cup as soon as it is done." Once in the kitchen, wetcunt
quickly rose, washed her hands and started the coffee and set a mug next to the
coffee maker. Then she got out the eggs and sausage and hummed lightly as she
started to cook. When the coffee finished brewing, she quickly fixed her
Master's coffee and brought it over to where her Master was sitting at the
table. Kneeling down, holding the coffee up, "Master, please accept this
offering from Your grateful wetcunt." "Thank you wetcunt." Rising from her
knees, wetcunt got the plate and place settings, finished cooking the eggs and
sausage and making the toast.

Bringing her Master's plate over to the table, wetcunt kneeled down "Master
please accept this offering from Your grateful wetcunt." "Put it on the table
and kneel next to Me while I eat." Placing the plate on the table, wetcunt
kneeled next to her Master, legs spread wide, both her belly and her cunt
hungry. Casually, her Master would take a bite of egg, then put another on the
fork and feed a bite to wetcunt. After about 10 minutes, wetcunt's Master picked
up a sausage link with His hand and held it out to wetcunt, "Put this in that
sloppy cunt. Push it as far in as you can cunt, it will be having some company."
Taking the sausage from her Master, wetcunt spread her legs wider, feeling her
face burning and shoved the warm sausage deep into her sloppy fuckhole. "Next
one cunt," as her Master handed her another one of the sausage links. Again and
again until wetcunt's sloppy cunt was filled with all 8 of the sausage links.

Moving His plate to the side, her Master said "Crawl up here cunt, with your ass
where My plate was, Master wants to see you pull your breakfast out one by one."
Crawling up onto the table, positioning her ass where her Master's plate had
been, wetcunt spread her legs wide, her face burning knowing she would have to
ask permission to start pulling the cunt juice covered sausages out of her
slophole and eat them. "Please Master may wetcunt start eating her breakfast."
"Yes, but each one that you pull out of that slophole cunt, you are to suck all
of the cunt juice off before getting to eat them. Oh and watch your Master's
eyes while you do it wetcunt." Reaching between her legs, into her sloppy cunt,
wetcunt pulled the first sausage out of her fuckhole, taking it into her mouth,
she slowly sucked the cuntjuice from it before starting to eat it. Feeling her
face burning red, her cunt dripping all the more, watching her Master's quiet
gaze as she performed this humiliating task. One by one, taking each sausage
out, sucking it clean, eating it down.

On the last sausage, wetcunt put her fingers deep into her cunt to try to find
sausage number eight, hunting around, her fingers not long enough to grasp it.
"Problem wetcunt." "Yes Master," whispered wetcunt, "Can't reach the last
sausage." "Maybe W/we should just leave it in there, as sloppy as that hole it,
it will slip out eventually. Might pick an interesting time to do so. Or maybe I
should help you out with your problem cunt. Hmmm what to do, what to do." Lying
there with her legs spread, wetcunt could feel her cunt grow wetter still as her
Master debated what to do. Biting her lips, her nails pressed hard against the
palm of her hand, trying not the hump the air. "feel like humping don't you
slut." "Yes Master." "Well, lay there and hump like the slut you are while I
decide." With that, wetcunt's started violently humping the air, her ass and
cunt rising far off the table trying to find something to put some pressure on
her clit, groaning loudly, panting with the need to slop. "I'll help you out
wetcunt, lay still while Master gets that last sausage out of your sloppy cunt
slut." Fighting hard to gain control over herself, wetcunt lay shivering on the
table trying to get still, spreading her legs as far as possible, waiting for
her Master to take the last sausage out of her slophole. "Remember cunt, you are
NOT allowed to slop and you will be severely punished if you do. Do you
understand cunt?" "Yyyyess Master." Reaching between wetcunt's legs, lightly
brushing her clit, chuckling at wetcunt's groan in response, her Master slowly
moved His hand into position to take the last sausage out of wetcunt's slophole.
Putting two fingers into wetcunt's fuckhole, wetcunt's ass rose up off the table
trying to increase the pressure. "Get that ass back down on the table slut."
Fighting, struggling, moaning, wetcunt got her ass back on the table, the
pressure of her Master's fingers still driving her crazy with need. "Told you
that you would be a greedy slut this morning wetcunt, but you are not allowed to
slop yet." Taking some pity on wetcunt, her Master spent only about a minute
pushing and pulling His fingers in and out of wetcunt's slophole before finally
pulling the last sausage link out. "suck it clean slut, then take it between
your teeth and hold it there." "yes Master."

After wetcunt sucked the slutjuice off of the last sausage link, she placed just
the tip in between her teeth, waiting for what her Master had planned next. "Sit
up slut and feed Me the piece of sausage." wetcunt sat up and holding the piece
of sausage between her teeth, moving toward her Master's mouth and held it in
place as He took bite after bite until with His mouth pressed up against hers He
took the last bite, ending with a kiss. "Lay back down wetcunt, breakfast isn't
quite done." Taking a piece of toast, her Master slowly dipped the corner of the
piece of toast into her slophole saying, "Toast needs to be dipped into
something very sloppy before being eaten." wetcunt's Master dipped one piece
after another into her slophole, getting each piece wet, then having wetcunt
open her mouth for a bite of toast. "Had enough breakfast cunt." "Yyyes Master,
Thank You Master," as wetcunt fought the ache to slop. "Bet you really need to
slop now, don't you cunt." "Yes Master, please Master, please let wetcunt slop
Master."

"soon, wetcunt, very soon." Groaning loudly, wetcunt said, "yes Master, Thank
You Master." "After you clean up from breakfast wetcunt, W/we will take care of
that." "Please Master, may wetcunt clean up from breakfast, Master?" "One last
thing and then you may wetcunt." With that wetcunt's Master, bend down and
licked wetcunt's sloppy, dripping cunt once from bottom to top. Chuckling
hearing wetcunt's gasp, watching her fight not to slop. wetcunt's Master said,
"Now you may clean up from breakfast wetcunt."




Wet Weekend

Part 4

"All finished cleaning up from breakfast wetcunt?" "Yes Master." "you're
absolutely sure wetcunt, if I look I won't find anything out of place or not
wiped down. I don't want your greedy slophole to lead to a messy cabin. If I
find something that should have been cleaned or put away after you saying that
it is clean, you won't like the results at all wetcunt. you already have
punishment coming to you for the dribbled piss and the candle, and you're
supposed to be earning the right to get to sleep in the bed with Me, which you
know means that I will fuck your greedy sloppy cunt. So are you absolutely sure
that the kitchen is all clean cunt." With that wetcunt started wiping down the
counters one more time, took the cover off the toaster and dumped out the toast
crumbs, wiped down the toaster once more, put the cover back on.

When wetcunt went over to the coffee maker to wipe it down once more, her Master
stopped her by saying, "Bring Me another cup of coffee cunt, before you clean
out the pot." Bringing the pot over to her Master, wetcunt kneeled down, "Please
forgive this slut for not refilling Your coffee cup sooner Master. Please accept
this offering from Your grateful slut." "I think your mind is more on your
greedy cunt than on your Master's needs slut. I think that delay in seeing to
your Master's needs will cause you some additional time of greediness before
being able to slop. Now continue cleaning the kitchen." "Yes Master." After
washing out the coffee pot, cleaning the coffee maker, sweeping the floor once
more, wetcunt went to start filling the sink up with water to mop the floor.

"Think W/we," wetcunt's master said chuckling, "rather you will be doing that a
bit differently. Get out the bucket from under the sink and the scrub brush.
Fill the bucket with the soapy water and put the bucket and the brush down on
the floor. Then get back down on your hands and knees slut, crawl into the other
room and bring Me six clothespins and make it quick cunt. Oh and carry them back
in your mouth cunt." Crawling quickly over to where her toys were laid out,
wetcunt kneeled up to get six clothespins, placing them in her mouth, wetcunt
scurried back to kneel before her Master, as fast as her hands and knees could
take her.

Kneeling in front of her Master, drool collecting in the corners of her mouth,
starting to leak down her chin, wetcunt simply waited for her Master to take
them out, feeling His eyes on her, watching her drool all over herself. "Hold
those milkbags that you haul around up for Me cunt, W/we need to get them ready
for the punishment that they have coming later." Placing her hands under each
one of her milkbags, wetcunt shivered knowing from experience the effect
clothespins had on her cunt. Knowing that she didn't have permission to slop
yet, realizing that because she had forgotten to refill her Master's coffee cup,
permission was going to be withheld for longer, wetcunt didn't know if she would
be able to control herself once the clothespins were in place. Slowly taking the
first clothespin out of her mouth, her Master pulling hard on her left tit,
placed the clothespin deep on the tit. Groaning, both from the pain of the
clothespin and from the knowledge that because her Master didn't set it at the
tip of her tit, He intended for her to wear the clothespin for a while. One by
one, wetcunt's Master took the clothespins out of her mouth, placing three on
each milkbag, one deep on each tits and two on the edge of the aureole. While
wetcunt wanted desperately to wipe the drool from her chin, her Master chuckled
saying, "That's how a slut should look, drooling for her Master's cock, her
milkbags kept at attention, but your Master's cock will have to wait until you
have scrubbed the floor, cunt. Now start at the far corner and make sure that
you do a good job cunt. Those clothespins will come off as you finish each
section after I have inspected it. If you have done a good job, then one will
come off each milkbag, if not, that pair won't come off until you have finished
the whole job. The section over by the door will get the one off the left side
of your milkbags."

Crawling on the floor, groaning as her milkbags swayed with each movement,
wetcunt crawled over to the bucket to push it toward the first section. "No,
leave it here by Me wetcunt, you know how you begged Me to help you with your
exercise. Having to crawl back and forth to the bucket will be good exercise for
you cunt. Now get started." Wetting the brush, wetcunt crawled over toward the
door and started to scrub, her milkbags swaying with each movement, the
clothespins having their usual effect, her already dripping greedy cunt leaking
more. "don't make more work for yourself by dripping cunt snot on the floor
slut. you'll just have to lick it up if you do and won't that be fun, those
pinned milkbags hitting the floor." Working faster, starting to drip not only
cunt juice but sweat, wetcunt scrubbed from the back door up to the front of the
refrigerator, having to make many trips back and forth to the bucket to rinse
the brush out. "Stop that's the first section. Are you happy with your work on
it cunt?" Looking up and down the length of where she had scrubbed, the sweat
dripping into her eyes making it hard to see, wetcunt couldn't see anything that
she hadn't scrubbed, the whole section shined. "yes Master, wetcunt is happy
with this section" "Well then let Me look."

Kneeling, waiting while her Master inspected the completed section, wetcunt
could feel the sweat and cuntjuice leak down her thighs, pooling beneath her.
"That's much better wetcunt, hold those milkbags up for Me, so I can take the
left ones off." Biting her lips to keep from screaming, wetcunt made a high
pitched keening sound when the first pair of clothespins was removed. "Thank You
Master." "Don't thank Me yet, you're not done. First kneel down and lick up that
pool of cunt juice and sweat, then stand up now, refill the bucket with fresh
water, put it back in front of me near the table, then wipe your face off to get
the sweat out of your eyes and begin again, from the refrigerator to in front of
the stove. This section is for the right pair."

Kneeling down, her tortured tits screaming as they brushed the floor, wetcunt
quickly lapped up the pool of cunt juice and sweat. Then going quickly back to
work, crawling back and forth repeatedly to clean the scrub brush, wetcunt's
milkbags starting to scream for relieve from the clothespins, she hurried to
finish the next section. Panting loudly, moaning with each movement, wetcunt
stopped once she had finished scrubbing up to the front of the stove. "Finished
the next section wetcunt?" her Master said while sipping on His coffee. Trying
to catch her breath, to control the moans coming from her mouth, moans of sharp
arousal and sharp pain, wetcunt stammered "yyyyes Master." "Very good, very good
indeed wetcunt, kneel up here and hold up those milkbags." Gasping loudly as the
second pair once removed, the sweat still pouring down from wetcunt's face,
wetcunt whispered once more "Thank You Master."

"One more section and then you will be done cunt, but you look like you could
use a drink. Will give you a choice here, either water from the sink now, but
wearing that last pair while you lap it out of your dog bowl, or water from the
toilet later, but no more clothespins on." wetcunt thought a moment, the
humiliation of drinking toilet water versus any more additional time with the
clothespins on her tits. "Later please Master." "Okay, your choice, should have
known it would have been the toilet water, you being the pisswhore that you are.
Refill the bucket one more time and get started. The finish line is in sight."

Moving as quickly as her tired knees and screaming milkbags allowed, wetcunt
scrubbed the last section out to the entrance to the living room. Each movement,
a grunt or groan slipped past her lips, tears starting to run down the sides of
her cheeks, finally wetcunt put the scrub brush into the bucket after finishing
the last section. Kneeling quietly waiting for her Master's permission to speak,
her head bowed, sweat pouring from her entire body, wetcunt heard the words that
every slut hopes for. "EXTREMELY WELL DONE slut, you have stretched the pain
that you can bear very well this morning. your Master is EXTREMELY proud of you
cunt. Hold those milkbags up to take off the last pair." Screaming as the blood
rushed back into her tits, wetcunt's heart was pounding not so much from the
physical exertion as from the joy of pleasing her Master.

"Guess you need that drink now." With that her Master, realizing how little
energy wetcunt had left, walked over to where her dog bowl was sitting, took it
over to the bathroom and filled it with toilet water. Placing it on the floor,
back in its spot, "Go ahead, drink up slut." Wearily crawling over to the dog
bowl, wetcunt's cunt quivering from just the thought of lapping up toilet water,
wetcunt lowered her head and repeatedly lapped the toilet water from her slut
bowl until it was dry. When it was dry, wetcunt kneeled back up, and heard her
Master tell her to turn around. her Master had pulled a kitchen chair out into
the living room and had been sitting on it washing His slut drain its
toilet-water filled dog bowl dry. "thirsty were you slut? Well, because you have
been such a good slut in cleaning the kitchen, your Master has something else to
quench your thirst. Crawl over here and drink down your Master's cum. Then W/we
will finish cleaning up around here."

wetcunt's sore knees were forgotten as the cum hungry slut crawled over to take
her Master's cock into her mouth. The pleasure of feeling her Master's cock deep
in her mouth, running her tongue over it, tasting the precum, had wetcunt
forgetting all about her sore tits. her sore knees, the punishments still to
come. wetcunt's efforts were soon rewarded as her Master came deep in her mouth
and throat. Gulping down her Master's cum, continuing to suckle the cum from His
cock, wetcunt smiled from being able to please her Master.  "Thank You Master,"
wetcunt whispered after she finished cleaning her Master's cock. "you're welcome
slut. you've done very well this morning. W/we will take care of the punishments
that you have coming after finishing cleaning up. I think that W/we could both
use a shower and you have your pisswhore toilet to clean out."

"Go get your pisswhore toilet, and carry it into the bathroom slut. your Master
is going to watch you take one of those piss showers that you have to take every
week. First plug up the tub, then climb in, then turn toward Me so I can see my
pisswhore take its shower. After you have poured that piss-filled toilet over
your head, you are going to lay in a pool off your own piss while I finish up
some things out here. When I'm done with what I have to do, I'll be back in here
and then you will finally get to slop, laying in a pool of your own piss, finger
fucking yourself until you are about ready to slop and then Master will add His
piss to yours. do you understand cunt. you're not allowed to slop until Master
is pissing on your cunt." "yes Master, wetcunt understands Master."

Crawling on just her knees, carrying her piss pail, wet cunt crawled into the
bathroom and set the pail down inside the tub. Then reaching into the tub,
wetcunt plugged up the drain and then crawled into the tub turning around to
face her Master. "Wait cunt, W/we need pictures, also when you are done emptying
that piss toilet over your head, while you are waiting for Me to finish what I
need to do, you are to be wearing that toilet, licking the inside. Do you
understand cunt?" Shivering in the cold tub, wetcunt stuttered "yyyess Master,
it will be done Master." "I know it will cunt, or you will be one very unhappy
slut." "okay, now look at Me and take you toilet pisswhore up over your head,
hold it there looking at Me." wetcunt took its pail and held it over its head,
eyes and cunt leaking from having to look at its Master while waiting to pour
its piss pail over its head. "Beg for it slut, beg to have your Master let you
pour you piss all over your body, beg to have your Master let you lay in a pool
of your own piss so that you can get to slop, beg to have your Master let you
lick the inside of your filthy piss toilet clean." wetcunt, her arms shaking,
her voice shaking, her face and cunt burning with shame, stammered out "Please
Master, please let Your pisswhore cover itself with its own piss for You Master.
Please Master Your pisswhore begs to be allowed to wallow in its own piss like
the piss pig it is Master. Please Master please let Your piss pig lap clean its
own piss toilet. Please Master, may Your pisswhore humiliate itself this way for
You Master?"

"I guess if you are that much of a humiliation slut and pisswhore that you need
to wallow like a piss pig in your own piss, then go ahead cunt. Keep your eyes
on Me and open as long as you can cunt, I want to see the look in your eyes
right before the piss comes running down your face." Looking hard at the camera
in front of her Master's face, wetcunt slowly turned the bucket over her head,
drenching her hair, her face, her milkbags, covering her body with her own piss,
the whole time hearing click after click of the camera. Gasping when the cold
piss hit her body, wetcunt's mouth filled with piss as it drained down to pool
in the tub. "Very good My pisswhore, now stay kneeling there, let me finish with
these pictures." After a few more shots, wetcunt's Master said, " Now put your
toilet over your head cunt and lap it clean, turning it from time to time until
I get back."

The time seemed to drag on, kneeling in its own piss, turning to toilet around
its head, feeling like a complete and toilet piss pig, fighting the urge to hump
the air, so aroused by the feel of the piss and the humiliation, wetcunt could
feel itself going deeper and deeper into subspace as it licked its toilet
feverishly.  Finally wetcunt's Master came back and reaching down took wetcunt's
toilet off of her head. "Now lay back in that pool of your cold piss, spread
your legs and watch your Master while you finger fuck yourself to the point of
almost slopping. When you are just about to go over the edge, pull your hands
back, spread your cunt lips and slop while your Master pisses on your cunt. Do
you understand slut?" So lost in subspace, wetcunt had to fight hard to be able
to answer, "yyyeesss Mmmmmaster"

Laying back, shivering from the cold tub and the cold piss, wetcunt's hands dove
toward her cunt, one hand playing with her clit, the other hand three fingers
went into her sloppy, dripping cunt, humping her hands, groaning, grunting like
an animal, like the piss pig that she is. Very quickly, wetcunt pulled her hands
away and spread her cunt lips, arching up her cunt as far as possible to receive
her Master's piss, spasming violently the second her Master's piss hit her clit,
slopping loudly again and again, writhing in a pool of piss, until finally
getting to catch her breath.

Whimpering, limbs still shaking, finally able to get enough control over herself
to try to speak, wetcunt stammered through a very weak "Thank You Master."
"you're welcome cunt, now don't you think W/we both need a shower." "yyyess
MMMMMaster, just not sure if wetcunt will be able to stand." "don't worry cunt,
I'll take care of you. Open the drain cunt. Time to get cleaned up."




Wet Weekend

Part 5

wetcunt felt so cherished and special because of the care that her Master gave
her during the morning shower, taking care to wash her well, have her wash Him.
It almost made her forget the punishments that she had in store. Except her
Master reminded her of them just as the shower was ending. "cunt after W/we are
finished here, the first of your punishments will take place. I'm sure your tits
haven't had enough time to completely recover from the clothespins, which will
make the tit punishment you have coming much more pleasant. Don't you think so
cunt?" wetcunt not knowing how to answer, replied "As You say Master." "When
W/we're done drying off, you are to crawl out to the living room, get a pillow
from the sofa, put it up on the living room table, then crawl up on the table,
kneel on the pillow and wait for Me with your hands behind your neck cunt. Those
milkbags have some punishment coming to them." "Yes Master." "Now kneel down
there and dry your Master off cunt." Lovingly as possible, wetcunt dried her
Master off from His shower, wanting to touch Him, realizing that other than for
drying off purposes, she had not been given permission, she stopped herself from
stroking Him as she might have wished. Once Her Master's body was dry, He said,
"Hand me that towel cunt, I need it for my hair, then crawl out to the living
room and get in position. Take your pisswhore toilet back out and put it in
place before getting up on the table. you may use it if you need to before your
milkbag punishment." "Yes Master, Thank You Master" whispered wetcunt, afraid
with the tit punishment to come that she might have pissed on herself through
fear.

Crawling into the other room, putting her piss toilet back in place, squatting
over it to use it, wetcunt shivered in part from the cold air on her wet body,
but mostly in fear of what lay ahead. Master had flogged her milkbags and tits
before, but never as many as she had coming this time. Quickly arranging the
pillow on the table and crawling up on the table, wetcunt got into position with
her arms raised and her hands behind her neck. she could hear her Master
whistling to Himself as He got dressed. The wait was excruciating, all she could
think about was the punishment that she had to face, 65 lashes to each milkbag.
wetcunt could feel her arms were already tired from scrubbing the kitchen floor,
her milkbags were already sore from the clothespins that she had had to wear
while doing so.

wetcunt couldn't tell how much time had passed, it seemed like an eternity. she
knew her Master was deliberately dragging the time out to build a greater sense
of fear and anticipation in her, but even knowing that didn't help stop the
rising fear. Knowing that because this was a punishment that safewords were out
made the fear even worse. she couldn't help wondering if she hadn't brought the
candle if all this would not have been an issue. her Master finally walked over
to the living room, but still did not pay any attention to her, walked past her
into the bathroom to hang up the towel, then returned to the bedroom still
whistling to Himself. wetcunt could hear Him rummaging around in His bag getting
something and started to think, "finally, finally W/we will get started and get
this over with." But still He waited until wetcunt thought she would scream,
tears already welling up in her eyes from the building anticipation, then He
finally walked into the living room carrying His flogger and a roll of
electrical tape.

"I promised you something this morning for not drinking down all of your
Master's piss this morning like a good little urinal should." As He is talking,
wetcunt's Master is starting to pull a strip of electrical tape from the roll.
"If you are wondering if this is part of the punishment for the candle, it is
possible that could be part of it, but it is mostly that when your Master allows
you to serve Him in anyway that you should do a good job. And doing a half-assed
job brings about certain consequences. Right slut?" "yyyesss Master." "Don't
worry cunt, W/we will deal with the candle later, your Master won't forget.
Though you probably wish He would. Don't you slut?" "ummm, don't know Master."

"Arch your back now slut, push those milkbags out, this tape will make them
EXTREMELY sensitive, make the coming punishment sooooo much more effective."
Arching her back hard, pressing her milkbags out, wetcunt's Master started to
wrap the electrical tape around the base of each milkbag, around and around
until each milkbag had ballooned out, the blood trapped in, the nipples erect.
"AAAAhhhhh much better, now how many strokes do you have coming slut?"
Stammering wetcunt said "65 to each milkbag Master." Knowing full well that her
Master knew but was increasing the pressure by making her answer. "Oh yes, 65
per milkbag, hmmm should W/we alternate or get one milkbag finished before
started with the other. Decisions, decisions, a Master's work is never done."

wetcunt remained silent, her arms shaking from holding them behind her head for
so long, knowing that the pain in her arms was going to be forgotten very soon.
Wanting desperately to beg for her Master to please just get started, knowing
she would get additional punishment if she did so. Tears already flowing, even
though one stroke had not yet fallen, the pressure of the situation drawing them
from her. Also knowing as her Master waited, debating, that more pressure was
building up in her milkbags, which was going to make the tit punishment worse.
Finally hearing her Master say, "Think that W/we will alternate, 10 on each for
6 times and then the last time 5 on one side and then the last 5 on the other.
Anything to say before W/we start cunt?" "Tttthank Yyyyou Master for
disciplining Your slut." "hhhmmmm wondering if you will be thanking Me later
slut."

With that her Master stepped back, "Remember slut, you are to count each one
stroke to each milkbag." "Yyyyes Master." Raising His arm back, down came the
flogger on her right milkbags "one Master," said wetcunt. Down came the flogger
again this time just clipping the end of wetcunt's left nipple. "Ttttwo Master."
Again and again it fell, "three, four, five" until wetcunt finally said ten for
the first time. "One down, only 11 more ten counts to go cunt." Stepping over in
front of the right milkbags her Master's arm started its steady pace again "one,
two, three.....until reaching ten." wetcunt already sweating, tears flowing,
panting lightly.

Moving back to the left side without comment, wetcunt's Master started again.
This time the counting was harder, filler with more gasps, more stuttering, more
groans. Finally reaching ten, wetcunt's Master moved back to the right side and
started again. wetcunt's moan-filled counting, panting breaths and the slap of
the leather against wetcunt's milkbags the only sounds in the room. Over and
over again the word ten, a quick moving of position and then the sound of the
slapping leather starting again, until wetcunt couldn't tell how many strokes
her screaming milkbags had received and how many more she had left to endure.
her counts more ragged gasps of pain than coherent counting. Finally getting to
ten once more, wetcunt's Master stepped back and stopped. wetcunt's arms shaking
violently, almost unable to stay kneeling, the pain in her milkbags a constant
pounding throb demanding all of her attention.

"How many do you have left cunt?" her answer taking a minute to form, afraid
that because she had no idea, she would end up receiving more punishment,
finally stammering out "i don't know Master" "Aren't you supposed to know cunt,
haven't you been counting?" "i'm sorry Master, have been counting Master, just
don't know Master." Tears pouring down wetcunt's face even harder, hardly able
to keep kneeling for shaking so hard, wanting desperately to beg "please Master,
please no more because i don't know," but knowing that to do so would ensure
more, biting her lips hard to keep from saying it. Finally hearing her Master
say, "That was sixty each cunt, only 5 left on each milkbag. Those I will be
counting because you will be screaming too hard to count at all. The last 5 will
be the hardest so far cunt, so I will give you a minute to try to catch your
breath and get your ass back in position to receive them."


Struggling with every ounce of willpower that she possessed, wet cunt
straightened and arched her back, pushed her milkbags out to receive the last
ten flogger strokes. Desperately she tried to catch her breath or at least slow
her tears before the next 10 fell. "Ready slut?" wetcunt nodded, her voice
failing her for a moment than stuttered out a "yyyes MMMMMaster am ready." 
"you've done well so far bearing your punishment cunt, not much more to go."
Using those words to gain strength for the last 10, wetcunt took a deep breath
just as her Master's arm went back and the flogger crashed down right at the end
of her left nipple. her scream filled the room as her Master counted one.
Struggling hard to stay in place, shaking from the effort, tearing flowing like
a river down her cheeks, wetcunt gasped in another breath before screaming again
when Master's arm fell harder still. "Two." The scream not ending before the
next number was sounded off. "Three." Nothing holding wetcunt in place but the
force of her Master's will that she get through this. "Four." Finally Master's
voice saying "Five." "Last five wetcunt," and with that her Master's arm rising
again and coming crashing down hard on the end of her right nipple. her throat
too raw from screaming to make much more noise, her mouth open wide in a silent
scream, as her Master counted "One." Pants filling the air, keening like a
wounded animal as her Master counted "Two." wetcunt lost in the pain, not even
hearing her Master say "Three" or "Four", only hearing the word that she was
holding herself together at all to hear "Five, W/we're done cunt."

All strength draining out of her body almost instantly, the only thing keeping
wetcunt from falling was her Master's hand holding her up. "Well done, cunt,
hopefully this is a lesson that you will not need repeated. When Master has you
serve as a urinal, do you now know what you are to do, cunt?" "yyyyess
MMMMMaster," wetcunt stammered through her tears. "W/we'll get this tape off and
then I will let you have a drink cunt and some time to recover before lunch."
wetcunt surprised by His reference to lunch, not realizing how much time had
passed. Slowly her Master unwinds the tape from around her milkbags, pulling on
the tender skin, the blood rushing back in and out, her pain increasing as the
blood flow returns. Helping her down from the table, wetcunt sank to her hands
and knees, unable even to stay up on all fours, looking more like a rag doll
tossed on the floor. wetcunt's Master filled her dog bowl with water and brought
it to her. "Here drink this, you need some water." wetcunt weakly lapped at the
water, her tears finally slowing down.

"Remember I told you this weekend was about being stretched. I realize that was
a stretch, but what can you tell me about the punishment that you just survived
cunt?" her Master, putting His hand under her chin, bringing her face up to look
at Him, as wetcunt said "It was more than any before Master, more intense,
longer, got more lost Master." "And you survived it didn't you cunt?" "Yes
Master" "your milkbags are going to be very sensitive and tender for a few days,
the movement of the air past your nipples is going to arouse you cunt, marked
for a little bit, but no permanent damage was done, was there cunt?" "No Master,
no permanent damage." "And you did very well cunt, your Master is proud of you
and is fairly certain that you learned the lesson He was trying to teach you. If
you had held My cock further down in your mouth while serving as My urinal this
morning, you wouldn't have spilled any of My piss. Remember that for the next
time, I choose to use you as a complete urinal, not wanting you to spill
anything." "Yes Master, will remember." Chuckling slightly, "am sure that you
will wetcunt, am sure that you will."

"After all of your exertion this morning and probably no sleep last night, I
want you to take a nap after your lunch wetcunt. I don't want you falling asleep
this evening. I have a very full evening planned for you, as well as a
punishment still to dispense for bringing the candle. W/we have often talked
about your Master adding some additional protein to your lunch, so brought some
Slimfast along so that I can do that. And so I can have the pleasure of watching
my slut drink My cum in her lunch. Don't think that after today, either O/one of
us will look at Slimfast the same way. There is also one other task that you
will have to do this afternoon after your nap and before W/we go out to dinner.
What haven't W/we done so far this time, cunt?" "Your cumrag hasn't sucked clean
Your cumrag yet Master." "Very good cunt, you remembered. So after your nap and
before W/we get ready to go out for dinner, W/we will take some pictures of My
cumrag sucking Master's dried cum from His other cumrag." "Yes Master." "you
should be rested enough now cunt to crawl out to the kitchen and get a can of
Slimfast out of the frig, also get one of those large plastic cups from the
cupboard by the sink, you may stand to do so. Then crawl back here and kneel
besides me."

Crawling out to the kitchen wetcunt quickly got a can of Slimfast and a cup and
crawled back out to where her Master was sitting. "Hand Me the can and the cup
cunt, and then with your mouth open My pants and prepare your Master to feed you
His cum." Kneeling forward after handing the can and cup to her Master, wetcunt
struggled to grasp the zipper with her teeth, finally getting a hold of it, she
pulled it down releasing her Master's cock. Then gently, tenderly she took her
Master's cock into her mouth, lapping at the slit, running her tongue around the
head of her Master's cock, losing herself in the feel of His cock in her mouth.
Sucking her Master's cock deep into her mouth and throat, then rising back up
until just the head of His cock was in her mouth, before lowering her head once
more. The whole time wetcunt is preparing her Master's cock, she can hear Him
shaking up the Slimfast and pouring it into the cup. After hearing the can be
set down on the table, wetcunt started working harder and faster to prepare her
Master's cock, her head bobbing up and down the length of His cock faster, her
cheeks sucking in, her tongue gliding along the vein on the underside of her
Master's cock, stroking it from the base up to the head, over and over again
until her Master said "Stop." Handing wetcunt the cup, "Watch your Master jerk
off into your lunch cunt, then after I'm done, clean My cock and put Me away.
After you have done that, I want you to look your Master in the eye while you
drink His cum in your lunch."

wetcunt positioned the cup to be able to catch her Master's cum as He stroked
His cock, getting ready to jerk off into her lunch. After about a minute, her
Master started to cum and wetcunt moved the cup with each of His movements,
catching His cum in her cup of Slimfast. When her Master was finished, wetcunt,
after putting the cup on the floor, bowed her head and started lapping His cock
clean and then gently tucked it away. Then turning to look her Master straight
in the eye, wetcunt picked up the cup and lifted it to her lips. "Thank You
Master for allowing Your slut to drink Your cum for food Master. Please may
wetcunt have her lunch now Master." "yes cunt, drink your Master's cum for
lunch." With her cunt burning, knowing that she would never look at another can
of Slimfast the same way, wetcunt tipped the cup back and drank down her lunch,
Master's cum and all. Licking her lips when she was done, "Thank You Master for
wetcunt's delicious lunch Master." "you're welcome cunt. Now lick the cup clean,
then take it back out to the kitchen, rinse it out, before going in for your
nap." Turning the cup this way and that, pushing her face into the opening,
wetcunt lapped the cup clean, lapping out the last of her Master's cum from
inside the cup. Then crawling out to the kitchen, wetcunt took it out to the
kitchen and stood to rinse it out, then crawled back to her Master. "Time for
nap now cunt, you may use your toilet before going to sleep. I will wake you
when I want you to get up." "yes Master, Thank You Master," and with that
wetcunt crawled into her bed exhausted from the events of the morning.

Hours past before wetcunt's Master came over to her bed to wake her up. "Time to
wake up sleepy head. Do you feel better." Stretching, yawning, "yes Master,
Thank You Master. wetcunt feels much better Master." "Good, you will need your
strength for tonight cunt, your workout is not done for this weekend. Time for
your last chore before getting ready for the evening. Go crawl over to My bag
and get my used cumrag out of it." wetcunt quickly crawled over to her Master's
bag finding the cumrag in the side pocket.

After wetcunt crawled back, her Master said, "Now hold it up next to your face
cunt, show E/everyone the dried, crusty cumrag that My cumrag is going to suck
clean, another before and after thing." wetcunt's cunt quivered with shame as
she held up the dried cumrag next to her face. It didn't seem to matter how many
times she sucked her Master's cumrag clean, the humiliation always got to her,
always had her leaking like a faucet. "Look into the camera cunt, W/we will
block out the eyes, but the rest of that look of humiliation will be present."
After a few clicks of the camera, "Time to start sucking cunt, clean that cumrag
good, suck all of Master's old cum out of it like the cum-hungry slut you are
cunt." Wetcunt started sucking the rag working from the middle out, from the
most cum-encrusted out to the corners. The camera repeatedly clicking capturing
images of wetcunt's mouth was stuffed with the cumrag. her Master chuckling
wishing He had a video camera so that E/everyone could hear how loudly the
cum-hungry slut was sucking her Master's old dried cum. wetcunt's cheek ablaze,
her cunt dripping wildly from the humiliation of it all, until finally the rag
was soaking wet from wetcunt's saliva and was cleaned from cum. "Ready for
inspection cunt. you know what will happen if it is not clean." wetcunt took the
wet cumrag out of her mouth, looking at each inch of it to try to find any
remaining cum and when she didn't said, "yes Master, it is ready for Your
inspection." After her Master looked at it thoroughly, He handed it back to her,
"Hold it next to your face again cunt, time for the after picture." A few more
clicks of the camera and then wetcunt was told to lower the cumrag.

"Now slut, I'm going to let you go into the bathroom, you are to get ready to go
out, clean up from your exertions this morning, then put on full slut makeup,
hair done. Leave the door open and hang up the cumrag to dry. you have 20
minutes to get ready. Don't think you will be dawdling in the shower because no
hot water for you this time cunt. The cold water will cool off the wet cunt of
yours and will make sure that you don't spend too long in the shower." "Yes
Master." "Now get moving, cunt, I expect back out here in 20 minutes, hair and
makeup done."

wetcunt scurried away, crawling as quickly as her hands and knees would take
her, hung up the cumrag to dry and turned on the cold water. Stepping quickly
into the tub, the blast of cold water causing her to gasp, wetcunt hurried
through her shower as fast as possible. Showering in record time, wetcunt got
out, shivering, goose bumps all over her body and quickly dried off and got her
makeup bag out. After quickly shaving her legs and cunt, making sure they were
baby smooth, wetcunt dried her hair, plugged in the curling iron and starting
putting on her makeup, very dark eye liner, shadow and mascara, red cheeks and
ruby red lipstick. Quickly curling her blonde hair, so that it looks wind
tossed, like someone freshly fucked, wetcunt finished up and crawled back into
the living room. "Nineteen minutes and 30 seconds, cunt. That was cutting it
very close. Now crawl over here, you need something on before your clothes go
on."

Crawling over to her Master, wetcunt kneeled at His feet. "Kneel up slut, hands
behind your head, arch your back, some ornaments are necessary for tonight."
With that wetcunt's Master took out a suction cup and placed it on wetcunt's
left tit, drawing it deep into the cup so that the nipple was very erect and
hard. Then sliding a band with some dental floss attached to down over the
suction cup so that it came to rest at the bottom of wetcunt's left nipple. Then
repeating the action with the right tit, so that both of wetcunt's nipples would
stand erect all night long. "Now that looks better, think that will get My slut
some attention where W/we are going today. Now crawl back over to your clothes,
stand up and get dressed." wetcunt saw that there was not much to put on, a pair
of thigh high hose, and her black halter mini dress with the slits that went
past her hips. It would be clear through the hip high slits that wetcunt was not
wearing any cuntpit covers. Standing up, wetcunt slid the thigh high hose up her
legs straightening the seam in the back, then putting on the dress, wetcunt
reached back and tied it behind her neck. Seeing her 4-inch pumps next to the
bed, wetcunt stepped into them.

Turning around to face her Master, wetcunt waited to see if He said that she was
ready. "not quite ready, are you cunt. First W/we will change collars from your
leather one to this silver one. Second, W/we need to adjust your milkbags so
that more cleavage is showing and third, W/we can't let that wet sloppy cunt go
unfilled. you may walk over here, don't want to run those hose." wetcunt walked
over to her Master, kneeled down on the pillow by His feet for the change in
collars. Then stood back up, her hands behind her back as her Master reached
into the low-cut halter and adjusted her milkbags so that the cleavage would be
sure to catch the eye of every straight man wherever they were going tonight.
"Bend over the table cunt." Bending over the table, wetcunt felt her Master flip
the back of the dress over her ass. "Spread those legs wide cunt." Spreading
wide, wetcunt felt her Master drive her black dildo deep into her soaking wet
cunt.

"Now you're ready for dinner cunt. Don't worry, Master has not forgotten about
the candle, but a candle is best used after dark. Just something more for you to
think about during dinner slut."




Wet Weekend

Part 6

As Master and wetcunt went out to the car, Master turned and stopping in front
of wetcunt, gently turning her face so that she was looking Him straight in the
eyes. "Do you trust Me wetcunt?" "Yes Master, wetcunt trusts You." "Do you know
that I will never do anything to harm you?" "Yes Master" "wetcunt, hear Me now,
I will never put you in any situation in which you are not safe. Remember that
during this evening. you will be stretched but safe. Understand cunt?" "Yes
Master, wetcunt understands." With that Master gave her a quick kiss on the
forehead and started back toward the car leaving wetcunt to wonder what in the
world Master had planned for her. Shivering with anticipation wetcunt moved
toward the car. "Remember to lift your skirt cunt, and clean the seat when W/we
get to where W/we are going." "Yes Master."

T/they drove in silence, wetcunt lost in her thoughts wondering what her Master
had planned while her Master reached over from time to time to pinch one of
wetcunt's erect tits. On arriving at T/their destination, wetcunt waited to see
if her Master had any other commands, prior to going in to eat. When her Master
merely came around to wetcunt's side of the car, opened the door to let her out
without comment, wetcunt got a very quizzical look on her face. Bending over
quickly, her stuffed cunt showing wetcunt licked the pool of cunt juice from the
seat. Her Master bent down to quickly check then said "well done cunt" raised
her up and started walking toward the front door of the restaurant.

Once inside wetcunt could see that the restaurant had a bar section and a dining
section. Master walked toward the bar section heading toward a table that had
was surrounded by three rather high bar stools. While wetcunt waited for
permission to sit down, she wondered how she was going to be able to sit down
without showing everyone in the bar her dildo stuffed cunt. wetcunt's Master
directed her to sit down not in the stool that faced the entire room, but rather
in a stool that only faced a small portion of the room. wetcunt felt relieved
until she realized that the section she would be facing was already occupied by
a man who was staring at her.

As wetcunt was moving to sit down, her Master reminded wetcunt to make sure that
her bare ass was on the chair. wetcunt knew that there was no way that her
stuffed cunt was not going to be completely visible to the man who was staring
at her, no matter how she got into the seat. So wetcunt lifted the back of her
skirt as she stepped on the rung of the bar stool to sit down. After sitting
down, her bare ass on the seat, the back of her dress up to the slit high on her
hip falling down past the back of the bar stool, wetcunt's Master reminded her
to sit with her legs spread apart. Grimacing, gritting her teeth, wanting
desperately to say "please no Master", wetcunt opened her legs apart, her face
burning, her stuffed cunt dripping, feeling the man's fixed stare. "Wider cunt,
or I will have to tie your legs in place and won't that make a pretty picture to
the gentleman over there." wetcunt spread her legs further apart so that her
entire dildo stuffed cunt was completely open to the man's stare. "Look at Him
cunt, look Him in His eyes cunt and smile at Him. Show Him what a HUGE slut I
have."

Struggling wetcunt raised her gaze from the floor to face the man whose stare
she could feel like a hot poker, her face burning red, she forced herself to
look into his eyes and gave him a trembling smile. As wetcunt continued to look
at the man staring at her, she watched his gaze go from her widely exposed cunt
to her band-bound nipples and back again. Feeling like a complete and utter
slut, wetcunt's head began to drop, her gaze once again heading toward the
floor. "Didn't I TELL you to LOOK AT HIM!!!!, I didn't say that you could look
at the floor did I." "No, Master, mean... Yes Master, mean Yes, You did say to
look at him and No, You didn't say that wetcunt could look at the floor Master."
"Well, because you couldn't follow a simple command to look at Him while he
enjoyed looking at My slut, you're going to have to do something else now.
you're going to have to get down from that bar stool, walk over to His table,
and ask Him to join us for the rest of the evening. And when I say the rest of
the evening.... I MEAN the rest of the evening. Do you understand cunt?"
"yyyyess Master, wetcunt understands Master." "Now go and ask Him if He wants to
spend the rest of the evening in the company of your Master and His slut. You
are to use those exact words cunt and I will ask Him if you did or not. Even if
he chooses not to join us, which given the state of the hard-on in His pants, I
can't see that happening, I will ask Him how you asked Him to join us. Do I make
myself perfectly clear cunt?" "Yes Master, wetcunt understands." "Go then."

Wanting desperately to safe word, wanting desperately to run from the
restaurant, wanting to do anything besides what she had been commanded to do,
wetcunt slowly, with tears starting to form in her eyes, her knees trembling,
her lips trembling, inched her ass off of the bar stool and started to move
toward the staring man. "Remember what I said earlier tonight cunt." With that
wetcunt took a deep breath and started walking toward the other side of the bar,
the eyes of the staring man watching her every movement. When she got to the
side of the table, she stopped and taking another deep breath, she asked the man
his name. "Gary" he said. "Hello Gary, i have something that i need to ask you
if that is okay." "Sure honey, anyone who puts on a show like you've been doing
can ask me anything honey." "Well Gary, i need to ask you if you would like to
join my Master and His slut for the rest of the evening." Very calmly, without
missing a beat, "Oh so that's what you are His slut, makes perfect sense now.
Sure haven't had a good slut in a while, will be more than pleased to join your
Master and His slut." "Here slut, carry my drink back over there for me, Gary
said, standing up from His seat, His eyes completely undressing wetcunt as
T/they walked back toward her Master. When T/they arrived at the table wetcunt's
Master stood up to shake Gary's hand, bade him to sit down and told wetcunt to
get back into the same position she was in before bare ass on the seat, legs
spread wide.

"Hello there, pleased that You had Your slut come over and ask me to join Y/you
two. Was really enjoying the show You had her putting on. How long is that cock
You have her cunt stuffed with?" "Answer Him cunt" "8 inches Sir" "So does Your
slut like having its cunt full of cock?" "Again cunt." "Yes Sir, wetcunt loves
having its cunt full of cock Sir." "Wetcunt???" Laughing loudly her Master said
"explain it to Him cunt, and look at Him while you do." Raising her gaze from
the center of the table, wetcunt, looking Gary in the eye, said "am called
wetcunt because i am such a huge slut that my cunt is constantly wet and greedy
for cock Sir." "Keep looking at Him while He asks any other questions He has, I
will let you know who is to answer them. Understood cunt?" "yes Master." "Is
there anything else You would like to know about My slut Gary?" wetcunt could
feel her face burning as Gary looked her up and down. "What does she do? Will
she do anything for You?" "There are always limits, but My slut doesn't have
many. Tell Gary what you are to Me cunt." "wetcunt is Master's humiliation slut,
fuck meat, cumrag, milkbag hauling fuckcow, urinal." As wetcunt described who
she is to her Master, her eyes began to tear up as her face burned. "urinal,
really??" "Answer Him cunt." "Yes Sir wetcunt drinks her Master's piss."
"Fuckcow, what is a fuckcow?" "Again cunt" "a fuckcow Sir, is a slut who becomes
so degraded she becomes like an animal, in this case a cow, mooing like a cow as
she hump herself to slopping (cumming) on  whatever Master allows her to use."
"Interesting. Think I would like to see that." Wetcunt cringed as she heard her
Master say "Possible, highly possible." "Have you eaten yet Gary?" "Nope was
waiting for a table." "Well, I'll go update our reservation and check on how
much longer W/we will have to wait. cunt answer any questions He may ask you
while I'm gone." "Yes Master."

"Is My presence making you nervous slut?" "Yes Sir it is." "Interesting. An
honest answer. Why did you tell Me the truth slut." "face Sir, am sure that You
can tell what wetcunt is feeling and thinking from looking at her face and know
that Master wants wetcunt to be honest with You Sir. Master would be very
displeased if wetcunt lied." "So true cunt, our table is ready. When you get off
the stool cunt, lick it clean, you wouldn't want someone else having to sit in
your cunt snot puddle." wetcunt dropped down from the stool, turned around and
quickly licked the seat clean. Dinner seemed to pass like a blur, the
conversation flowing between Master and Gary seemed to pass by wetcunt, as she
sat lost in her thoughts. wetcunt knew she would never remember what she had to
eat or if she had been able to actually eat anything. Before she knew it dinner
was done and Master had paid the bill and was standing up to leave. "cunt, leave
the pool this time, want to see the look on your face as W/we walk out knowing
that the men bussing the tables will see you pool of cunt juice. Besides W/we
have plans and punishments that have been delayed long enough. Wouldn't you say
so cunt." "Yes Master, as You say Master."

"Punishments?? So what has the slut done that she deserves to be punished."
"Answer Him cunt." "Master had specifically told wetcunt to only bring her piss
whore toilet, shithole cleaner and the toys that He was going to use on it, but
it also brought along a candle which Master had not commanded wetcunt to bring."
"Ah I see, and why would you do such a thing slut?" "Thought it would look
pretty, Sir." "Yes wetcunt thought the cabin would look good by candle light and
now as punishment for her disobedience, W/we will have to see. Gary where are
You parked?" "Over there, at the far end of the parking lot." "wetcunt walk with
Gary to His car, I will go get Mine, as soon as the T/two of Y/you get to His
car, you are to wait for Me there. When I pull up, you are to strip naked, and
hand Gary your slut clothes, then get into the back seat of My car. The
punishment has begun slut." "Yes Master"

wetcunt walked the length of the parking lot with her knees shaking, until her
steps took her to a darkened part of the parking lot. Standing waiting for her
Master to drive up, wetcunt wished the ground would open up and swallow her, her
face, her cunt burning as Gary's stare made her feel naked already. When her
Master drove up behind Gary's car, He merely rolled down the windows and waited.
With trembling hands, wetcunt reached up to untie the halter-top and lowered the
dress past her hips and stepped out of it. After handing it to Gary, wetcunt
bent over, rolled down the thigh high hose one leg at a time handing each one
and that foot's shoe to Gary. When wetcunt was completely naked, other than her
silver collar and the dildo stuffed in her cunt, her Master stepped out of the
car and commanded her to kneel down. wetcunt kneeled, feeling the gravel dig
into her knees, her head lowered for her Master to change her collar back to her
normal leather collar. Once her collar was in place, wetcunt thanked her Master
for His collar. "Get up cunt, Thank Gary for taking your slut clothes and then
get in the car on your hands and knees in the back seat, not on the seat cunt."
"Thank You Sir for taking this slut's clothes." "Gary follow Me."

The ride back out to the cabin passed like a blur, wetcunt struggling at times
to stay on her hands and knees. When T/they all arrived at the cabin, her Master
parked His car and waited by the side of His car for Gary to park and get out.
Opening the back door, "Crawl out cunt, take the dildo out, clean it and hand it
to Me, then I want you to crawl over to the grass and piss before W/we go into
the house. Can't have you pissing on yourself and spoil some of the fun. Don't
worry cunt, you will be covered with piss before the night is out, I just don't
want it to be yours." wetcunt crawled out of the car and crawled on her hands
and knees over to the grass, once there, she moved to try to go into a squat
when her Master said "No, just lift your leg cunt and piss, and look at Gary
while you do it cunt." wetcunt slowly lifted both her leg and her head, both
trembling, her face beet red, tears streaming down her face as her piss streamed
from her piss hole unto the grass. "Your slut really does do what You tell her
to do." "Well almost, otherwise she wouldn't be facing this kind of humiliation,
if she weren't being punished for her disobedience. Shake off now cunt and crawl
up to the porch." wetcunt shook her ass and cunt to try to shake off any
remaining piss drops and then crawled up the stairs to the porch. "Gary, can you
help me grab some firewood, I think a roaring fire would be nice with the candle
light." wetcunt's mind raced at what the meaning of the wood fire could be.

Coming up the stairs, Master opened the door and walked inside putting the
firewood down, "Crawl in here cunt, crawl over to the table with your toys, get
the reason for your punishment, and then crawl to the middle of the living room
and wait." Crawling quickly into the cabin, wetcunt crawled to the spread of
toys and moved to take the candle into her hands. "No cunt, use your mouth." In
trying to take the candle into her mouth, wetcunt knocked it over, but
eventually got the end of the candle in her mouth. It spread her mouth wide like
a giant dildo, the base in wetcunt's mouth, the wick sticking out in front of
her face, the taste of the wax something that wetcunt would not soon forget.
After crawling back to the center of the living room, wetcunt waited on her
hands and knees in place, the candle threatening to fall from her mouth. "Kneel
up and tip your head back cunt." Wetcunt quickly adjusted her position, moving
to one that made holding the candle in much easier, but caused her to be
drooling down her chin and milkbags. Finally after what seemed like an eternity,
Master and Gary were finished getting the fire going to there liking.

Master walked over to where wetcunt was kneeling on the floor, tears forming in
her eyes, legs spread wide, mouth stretched around the base of the candle, drool
running down her chin. His gaze was so dispassionate, so cold that wetcunt shook
under the weight of it. "Bet you're wishing that you had done exactly what I had
said to do now aren't you cunt. Will let your non-answer pass at this point.
Before this night is over you will learn to do exactly what I tell you to do and
nothing more. Though you may currently hate the fact the you are drooling all
over this candle in front of Me and a total stranger, in a few minutes you will
be very glad that you have. I'm going to be taking that candle out of your mouth
in just a moment, you will then crawl up on the living room table and kneel with
those milkbags as tight up against the front of your legs as possible so that
your ass and shithole are pointing straight up into the air. you wanted a
candle-lit evening cunt, well for that One needs a candle holder and I think
your shithole will serve quite nicely as that role." With that wetcunt's Master
removed the candle for her mouth and said "Now get in position."

wetcunt quickly crawled up on that table and into position with her ass and
shithole pointing straight up, her face and shoulders pressed hard against the
table, her milkbags between her legs. "Spread her ass cheeks Gary." As Gary
spread wetcunt's ass cheeks, her Master put two wet fingers into wetcunt's
shithole spreading it slightly widening it slightly. Even with the slight
spreading, the insertion of the wet end of the candle caused wetcunt to groan as
her shithole spread further. Walking around the table, inspecting the angle, how
high the candle was, how it looked standing proudly from His slut's shithole,
wetcunt's Master asked Gary what He thought, knowing that He was increasing the
humiliation for His slut. "Looks okay to Me, should make for a nice candle-lit
evening." "Yeah, You're right Gary, there's nothing better than a nice quiet
candle-lit evening watching a fire and drinking beer." And with that wetcunt's
Master lit the candle.  "Though I have a feeling that wetcunt isn't going to
enjoy this evening nearly as much as You and I do Gary, but then it isn't
punishment for Us."




Wet Weekend

Part 7

As Master and Gary quietly talked, sipping on a beer, a puddle of hot wax built
up in the candle. Once it was deep enough to start to slowly drip down the sides
of the candle, Master finished His beer and walked over to the table of toys.
Picking them up one by one, wetcunt could hear Him commenting, "shithole plug --
have used that, dildo -- have used that, flogger -- have used that, clothespins
-- used those, ah, vibrator, dong, blindfold." wetcunt could hear her Master
setting those aside as He looked over the spread of toys. Then her Master picked
up those toys that He had set aside, and carried them over to the table on which
wetcunt served as a candleholder. After putting them down, Master walked out to
the kitchen to get Gary and Himself another beer. As He carried them back, He
walked over to wetcunt and asked her, "What does drinking beer always do to your
Master, cunt?" Whispering, "It always makes You have to piss Master." "Sounds
like Gary is going to get to see My urinal in action. Does beer do the same
thing to You Gary?" "Oh yeah, have to piss like a race horse after drinking a
couple of beers." "Sounds like My urinal will have double duty then tonight.
Doesn't it slut?" wetcunt shuddered, having never served as urinal to any other
than her Master, groaned as the hot wax dripped onto her ass, "yyyes Master."

"maybe you ought to think about staying still cunt, your punishment will hurt
less if you just stay still. In fact, W/we are going to use this punishment to
see how much self-restraint you have cunt. you know that if you move, that hot
wax is not going to just drip down the side of the candle giving it time to cool
off, but rather will be slung unto your ass. But I have a feeling that My slut
is such a greedy slut, that even though it knows that the wax will hurt less if
it stays still, it won't be able to stay still, but will be humping the air and
the vibrator like the greedy slut it is, no matter how much the hot wax hurts.
As a matter of fact, if you can stay still for the next 5 minutes, then I will
blow out the candle and end the punishment, but if you can't stay still, but end
up humping the air and the vibrator like the slut I know you to be, you will get
to slop, but the candle stays in for an additional 10 minutes after you slop and
continues to burn down closer to your shithole. Understood slut?" "Yes Master."

Bending down wetcunt's Master puts the end of the 8" black dong into wetcunt's
mouth, "To stifle the yelps later as the hot wax hits your ass. Also I know how
much it turns My slut on to have cock, whether real or imaginary in its mouth.
Suck on it cunt, keep it in your fuck face. Gary, as soon as I turn on this
vibrator and touch My slut's cunt and clit with it start watching Your watch,
timing it. I don't think that You will have to keep an eye on the time for long,
as I'm sure that the slut is going to be humping shortly. Then You will be able
to watch the show, rather than Your watch." With that wetcunt's Master gently
placed the vibrator at wetcunt's cunt lips, running it lightly along the length
of each cunt lip, gently circling wetcunt's erect clit, just barely touching it
before moving the vibrator away. Groans slipped past the dong in wetcunt's
mouth, as she tried desperately not to move, torn between the thought of wearing
the candle as it burned longer and lower, dripping hotter and hotter wax on her
ass and getting to end the burning of her clit. With each pass wetcunt's Master
would prolong the amount of time that the vibrator stayed in contact with
wetcunt's clit and then would move it away for a longer period of time. It
wasn't even a minute before wetcunt started humping the air, desperate for
release, slinging hot wax on her ass as she moved, trying to get pressure back
on her clit. "Just like I said Gary, though the slut lasted longer than I
thought it would." wetcunt's Master continued to tease wetcunt with the
vibrator, circling around her straining clit only to move away again. The grunts
and groans emanating past the dong in wetcunt's mouth mirrored both her
desperate need to slop with the pain caused by the falling hot wax. Finally as
Master held the vibrator in contact with wetcunt's clit, she spasmed violently,
slopping, humping wildly, spreading hot wax all over her ass in the process.
"Start watching Your watch again Gary, 10 more minutes slut and then this part
of the punishment will be over. Though the night is still young."

Still spasming from slopping, wetcunt continued to cause the hot wax to drip on
her ass. When wetcunt slowly calmed down, her breathing pants around the dong,
she started to feel the heat from the candle in a way that she hadn't when she
was fully aroused. Trying to be still, to not move as she breathed, wetcunt
could still feel the burning of the hot wax as it dripped down the candle to the
delicate skin around her shithole. From time to time, wetcunt's Master would
reach over and pull and twist on her nipples, causing wetcunt to moan louder,
move slightly, causing more wax to drip. wetcunt could feel herself biting into
the dong, trying to stifle any impulse to move, groaning louder each time the
wax fell as it was closer and closer to her ass. Finally when she thought she
couldn't go on any more, Gary called out "That's 10 minutes," and her Master
blew out the candle, releasing the last spray of hot wax. "Hey Gary, could You
go into the kitchen and get Me a bowl of ice. W/we'll let this wax cool for a
minute, then W/we peel this wax off and cool down My slut's hot ass. You bore
that well slut, but had you had more self-restraint, it wouldn't have been as
hard, but then if you had had more self-restraint, you wouldn't have brought the
candle to begin with."

After the wax had cooled enough to be completely hard, Master started pulling
the wax off in strips, causing additional yelps from wetcunt with each strip of
wax that He pulled off. Gently taking an ice cube from the bowl, He moved it
over the red areas of wetcunt's ass, cooling them down. Once He had run an ice
cube over the length of wetcunt's ass, He took a handful of ice cubes and slowly
one by one pushed them into wetcunt's shithole, giving her an ice-water enema.
"Hold those in there cunt, they will help cool you down and lubricate you for
later. W/we still have the blindfold to use. Can't let any of your toys go
unused this weekend."

"I know that your punishment and show has had the desired effect on Me cunt, and
looking at Gary, would say it has done the same for Him as well. So as soon as
those ice cubes are melted, W/we are going to see how well you do picking out
who is fucking you when you are blindfolded. For each right guess, I will award
you a point toward getting to sleep in Master's bed with Him tonight, for every
wrong guess, I will take a point away. The point total you need to get to is 15,
cunt. you have currently already earned 5 points today. After the blindfold is
in place and I know that you can't see a thing, you will be led around in a
circle on your leash. A tug on your leash after it has been dropped will mean to
crawl in that direction mouth open and use your mouth cunt to fuck the cock that
is in front of you, after a period of time, the person whose cock you're fucking
will pull it out and you will have to guess whose cock it was. A slap on your
ass will mean to crawl backwards in that direction, reach back with your hands
and spread your ass cheeks to use your shithole to fuck the cock behind you. you
may guess who you are shithole fucking at any point during the fucking. you will
be crawling back and forth, between the two of us, alternating using your mouth
cunt or your shithole, which ever We desire to use that time until We wish to
fill one of your holes with cum. We will give you ample opportunity to earn
those 10 points so that your greedy cunt has a chance to be fucked this weekend.
I may choose to award you points later in the evening, if you fail to earn
enough during this game. Time for the blindfold and the leash, kneel up cunt."

As wetcunt kneeled up, the blindfold was put in place, plunging her world into
darkness, and she heard the snap of the leash on the ring on her collar. First
she was walked around in a circle in one direction and then without warning
whoever was walking her would move in the other direction. she could hear the
leash change hands from time to time, but couldn't tell in whose hand it was in
at any point and time. Back and forth, first circling in one direction, then
circling in another direction, shuffling feet, switching hands until wetcunt was
completely dizzy. Finally the leash no longer pulled wetcunt in any direction
but was hanging loose from the ring in her collar. As soon as her head stopped
spinning, a slap on her ass had her crawling backward until she could feel the
head of a hard cock between her ass cheeks. Reaching back, she spread her ass
cheeks wide and pushing back with her ass wetcunt started to slowly bury the
hard cock up her shithole. Once she had adjusted to the size of the cock up her
ass, she started to move back and forth using her shithole to fuck the cock in
her ass. Moving faster, squeezing harder, wetcunt hoped to get whoever's cock it
was to groan to be able to tell by sound. Before the Person made a sound, He
pulled His cock out of wetcunt's shithole and she knew that she had to guess.
Torn between thinking her Master would want to go first and thinking that He
would politely give the first fuck to His guest, wetcunt didn't know whom to
choose. It could have been her Master's cock it was the right size, but wetcunt
had no idea what the size of Gary's cock was. Finally wetcunt guessed "Master's
cock." "Correct cunt, one point, though I think you guessed." The next thing
wetcunt heard was the movement of feet, the swishing of what sounded like a
washcloth and then came a tugging on her leash.

Being robbed of sight, wetcunt sniffed strongly to try to capture her Master's
scent. wetcunt also thought that the cock that she was mouth cunt fucking felt
slightly differently to her tongue. After the cock was pulled from her lips,
wetcunt said "Gary's" "Correct again cunt." Between each time, shuffling feet,
wiping clean, a slap or a tug, over and over again, wetcunt crawled back and
forth, her mouth cunt and shithole repeatedly fucking or sucking cocks,
sometimes hearing "Correct" sometimes hearing "That lost you a point cunt,"
until wetcunt could hardly crawl any more. Finally there was a slap on her ass
and a tug on her leash at the same time. Torn, not knowing what to do, wetcunt
whispered "Master?" "Stay where you are cunt, on your hands and knees." wetcunt
stayed still, opening her mouth, unable to spread her ass cheeks, but feeling
someone's hands spreading them open. wetcunt's mouth and shithole were quickly
both filled with cock, first a down stroke from the cock in her mouth and then
one from the cock up her shithole, pushing her back and forth, each stroke
causing her to be fucked on the cock at the other end. Over and over, faster and
faster, being fucked back and forth, until the cock in her mouth cunt exploded
pounding cum into her mouth and down her throat. Shortly after that, the cock in
her shithole starting pounding cum deep into her bowels. her Master and Gary
both groaning as They  came.

Both Master and Gary pulled His cock out of wetcunt, Gary growling for wetcunt
to lick His cock clean, while Master wiped His cock on wetcunt's ass. When
wetcunt had finished cleaning Gary's cock, He pulled  the blindfold off of
wetcunt's head. "Kneel up cunt." As wetcunt moved shaking from her hands and
knees, to just her knees, she could feel her Master's cum dripping from her
shithole and down her legs. "you have a total of 12 points cunt. you will have
the opportunity to earn the additional points by eagerly serving as urinal to
both Gary and Myself. you WILL serve as a urinal to both of us, the manner in
which you serve will earn you one of two things cunt, the ability to slop at
least once more tonight and the reward of sleeping with your Master and having
Him fuck your greedy sloppy cunt or punishment for displeasing your Master. The
choice and the consequences are yours cunt. Do you understand wetcunt?" "Yes
Master, wetcunt understands."

"In a few minutes, W/we will go outside and you will demonstrate your ability as
My urinal, first by begging O/our guest to use your mouth cunt like the urinal
it is and secondly by showing our guest how well My urinal flushes." "Flushes??"
"Oh Yes Gary, wetcunt when it is a flushing urinal, must hold the piss in its
mouth, allowing it to drain down its slut body until I tell it to flush
(swallow). If I don't think your begging is believable or your desire sincere,
you will NOT like the consequences cunt. DO I MAKE MYSELF PERFECTLY CLEAR???"
"Yes Master, perfectly clear." "So has the beer kicked in yet Gary?" "Yeah, I
really am starting to need to take a piss." "Okay, crawl outside cunt and wait
for us on the grass."

wetcunt shivered as she crawled outside onto the dew-covered grass, shivered
from the cold, shivered from  having just been fucked by two men but being
unable to slop, the need a hunger in her stomach, shivered from the thought of
serving as another man's urinal and what punishment she would earn if she didn't
do it well. The longer wetcunt knelt there, the deeper it fell into sub-space,
thinking only of pleasing her Master, lost to any other thought. When Master and
Gary finally arrived out on the grass, wetcunt started begging immediately,
feverishly to drink Gary's piss, repeating over and over again, "Please Sir,
please may this slut honor its Master by serving as Your urinal, Please Sir,
please may this slut drink Your piss for its Master." wetcunt's cries growing
louder and more pitiful with each repetition. "Open your mouth cunt." With that
wetcunt opened its mouth wide preparing itself to drink Gary's piss. Slowly at
first, Gary filled wetcunt's mouth with His piss, until it was drizzling down
her chin and over her milkbags. As Gary stopped the flow, wetcunt's Master said
flush and wetcunt closed its mouth and swallowed the piss that was in there,
only to quickly open its mouth again to receive more of Gary's piss. Over and
over again, filling wetcunt's mouth with piss, "flush," opening again for more
until Gary's cock was drained of piss. Then after flushing for the last time,
wetcunt leaned forward and licked Gary's cock clean, Thanking Him for using
Master's slut this way and for letting this slut to serve its Master. "Well
done, cunt. Now drink down your Master's piss." Turning toward her Master,
wetcunt repeated the process again, her mouth filling with piss until her Master
told her to flush the piss, her chin, milkbags, stomach, and cunt receiving the
overflowed piss. Wetcunt completely lost in its humiliation and arousal, the
feel of piss on its skin, hearing only her Master's voice. When her Master
finished pissing, wetcunt lovingly licked His cock clean from any remaining
drops of piss, so aroused that wetcunt was humping the air. "It looks like My
fuckcow wants to slop. Do you want to slop fuckcow?" wetcunt started to moo
loudly trying to tell her Master how badly she needed, wanted to slop. "Well,
crawl up on the porch and use the post as your humping post and hump yourself
until you slop fuckcow. Make sure you're mooing like a good fuckcow should."

Master's fuckcow was so lost in space, so lost in needing to slop that it didn't
know and didn't care who was there. Quickly crawling to the post, mooing loudly
the whole way, wetcunt positioned itself so that its ass and cunt were pressed
tightly against the post. Once in position, wetcunt started mooing louder still
as she humped herself over and over again against the post, pressing in hard
against the post to get pressure on her clit, bruising herself in her effort to
put enough pressure on her clit to slop. her moos filling the night air as she
violently humped herself until shuddering, shaking, she slopped all over the
post, slopping over and over again, not able to stop. All strength quickly left
wetcunt's body causing her to drop down onto the porch floor, still spasming and
shaking. "Very Well Done cunt. you have earned the points to sleep in your
Master's bed tonight. After I see Gary to His car, I will take you in, clean you
off and W/we will go to bed. Master is very proud of you wetcunt." "You have a
wonderful slut there, Sir Michael, it does You proud. Thank You for the
opportunity to share in its training and use. I envy You Your slut."

After walking Gary to His car, wetcunt's Master walked back, gently lifting
wetcunt up, kissing her on the forehead, "Warm water and a soak in the tub
tonight wetcunt, with your Master close by your side so that you don't fall
asleep in the tub. you made Me very proud. you have stretched very well this
weekend."


The end of this adventure




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Humil Slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





