BDSM Library - The Chair




The Chair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman tells her lover to surprise her with something extreme... and he does...
The Chair

by T W Cloth

The television is on and I press the play button on the remote control. You
snuggle up against me on the sofa as we watch the "world premiere" of "The
Chair." As is the case of my fantasies as well, you are the star of this
production. You know part of what happened during the filming... only now are
you learning the rest of the story...

There are not credits; this is a video just for us. We know who the star is and
who wrote the production. Background music, if needed, can be played on our
stereo. We watch and I can feel your heartbeat quicken and your breathing
getting heavier as you prepare to see yourself in a situation that until now
only I had seen you...

*****

"I think I want you to really do it," you had said to me a few weeks earlier.

"Uh... really do exactly what?" I had asked, unsure of what you meant.

"You know," was your reply, "something... I don't know... something extreme..."

"Extreme?"

"Yeah. And different."

"That covers potentially a lot of ground," I answered with a slight smile.

"And I know exactly what kind of ground your sick little mind is covering right
not," you said with a twinkle in your eyes.

"So give me a clue."

"Nope. You're the writer, you're the guy with the kinky fantasies. Make one up
and make it happen."

"Restrictions?"

"None," you said. "No, wait... you have to film it and we have to watch it
later..."

*****

And so here we are, a week after the fact of the incident. I was nervous as hell
but I did take a chance. I did something I never thought I would and took you to
a place you never expected to go. The risk factor for both of us was
exhilarating and yet I know that I am unlikely to go that route again. The risk
was indeed too much; having tasted it we both know that the role-play will be a
better choice for the next time... and I'm sure, based on the end result, that
there will be a next time for this game...

I feel your hand as it rests lightly on my thigh and your head as you lay it on
my shoulder. I wrap my arm around you and pull you closer to me. You allow your
fingers to drag across my thigh and your hand is resting then on my crotch. You
can feel the erection beneath my jeans and you realize that watching this with
you is as hot for me as it is for you...

*****

You were dressed in blue jeans and a white cotton shirt. You stood barefoot near
the closet as you wrestled with which shoes to wear. It was to be a quiet
Saturday and we had slept in after a night of frolicking very late in the bed.
The house was ours and ours alone for the weekend so the timing was perfect. I
had already prepared all my props and as you faced the closet I entered the
room. If you had looked closely, you would have noticed that the "record" light
was on and the video camera that I had set conveniently on the dresser the night
before was filming us. But of course, you were concerned with which shoes to
wear.

"Need any help?" I asked you as I stood behind you.

"No," you answered and picked up a pair of white sneakers from the shoe rack,
"I'm just going to put these on."

"Don't bother," I said as you walked past me. Quickly with one fluid motion I
pulled the syringe from my pocket, flicked the rubber tip off with my thumb, and
plunged the needle into your firm ass. You gasped and yelped slightly as the
fluid burned into your bloodstream. Before you could turn around, however, I
wrapped my are around your neck from behind and pulled you close to me... and
whispered into your ear...

"Smile for the camera baby; the game has begun..."

*****

I could feel you jump slightly beside me as you watched yourself being injected
with the sedative. Your hand gripped my cock a little tighter and I was glad you
had the shaft and not the sac at that particular moment.

"The look on your face is priceless baby," I said.

"You mean then or now?" your replied.

"Well, both I guess. Remember this is the first time I've seen your face during
this scene too..."

"I was sooo shocked," you admitted to me.

"Well you knew something was coming..."

"Yeah," you said, "but I didn't know what or when!"

*****

I had chosen this particular sedative because of it's fast acting properties. I
knew it would tranquilize you quickly and keep you under for a couple of hours.
Plenty of time for me to play and then to prepare the "real surprise"...

I held you from behind and forced you to stay facing the camera. We now can sit
and watch your eyes go from wide with surprise to wider with fear... of the
unknown... to droopy as you struggle to stay conscious. We can also hear you
gasp and moan and speak in shock...

"Oh... oh my God... you really did it! Ohhhh... oh my GOD... what are you going
to do?"

"Just sleep my sweet," I suggest, "and know that you're in good hands..."

At that point I felt your knees buckle and I caught you under the arms and
guided you toward the bed. I let you flop forward onto the mattress and after
your upper body falls I drag you farther up so that your entire body is on the
bed. I roll you over onto your back and watch your face for a moment. I check
you pulse and you eyes. Your pulse is strong but you are definitely unconscious.
I grab the camera from the dresser and begin to video your sleeping body...

*****

"This is so cool," you whisper as you watch yourself on the television; helpless
and at my total and complete mercy.

"Yeah, it was pretty cool for sure," I agreed

"Whatever I see you do here I'm going to make you do again," you told me, "so I
can be awake to enjoy it."

"Deal baby," I smiled at you.

*****

With the camera now back on a stand, I move to the sweet task of unveiling my
prize. I quickly and expertly unfasten you jeans and wrestle them from your
body. The sight of your bare legs and feet cause my mouth to water. I know I
have plenty of time and yet I can not wait to begin to ravish them. I pull your
thong down and off as well, leaving the entire lower half of your body naked and
exposed to me... and the camera... I lean down and gently kiss your pubic hair;
it is still damp and fragrant from your recent shower. I allow my tongue to
trail along the lips of your pussy and then begin to work my way down your right
leg. My lips and my tongue and my hands savor the sweetness of kissing and
licking and stroking your leg as I continue on my succulent journey.

When I get to your foot, I hold it up and bury my face against it. My nose is in
the crevice of your toes and my mouth and tongue are working over your arch. I
am breathing deeply and begin to rub your foot all over my face. I grasp your
left and begin to work the pair of them at the same time.

*****

I am surprised as you ask me to pause the tape, but I do so quickly. You slide
away from me slightly and turn to face me. You prop your feet up on my lap and
kind of move them around against my crotch.

"I've never seen you so aggressively go after my foot before," you tell me.

"Yeah, well for a moment I forgot I was going to have an audience."

"But still, I'm not sure I see what you see there..."

"You know baby, I've tried for a long time to figure that out," I confess to
you, "and the only thing I've figured out is that I'm tired of trying to figure
it out! I like it; I don't know why; but instead of trying to escape the things
I like, it's time to embrace them..."

"Well," you smile as you gently brush you foot across my cheek, "if you like it
big guy, I'm all for it..."

*****

Having now removed my own clothing, I stand over your prone body; my erection
gently bouncing in the air with each pulse from my rapidly-beating heart. I lean
down and delicately kiss your lips. Then I begin to unbutton your shirt and pull
it open to expose your soft belly and your firm breasts. I kneel on the bed over
you and raise you to a sitting position. I finish removing the shirt and I
unfasten your bra to expose those wondrous orbs of flesh that so enrapture me. I
bend down and begin to kiss them and as I lay your back onto the bed, I allow my
hands to begin to massage them and to work them over.

My mouth and my hands fully explore your body for the better part of 30 minutes.
Part of that time you are laying on your back and part you are rolled over to
lay on your stomach. Your back and your buns and the back of your legs get
extra-special attention...

And then I roll you back onto your back. I force a pillow under your ass and
kneel before you on the bed. My cock is still jumping into rhythm and I glide it
into your moist and hot pussy.

Normally the tighter and the more friction the better for intercourse, but in
this instance I find the slackness of your yielded body to be an incredible
high. I thrust and push and slam my cock in and out of your pussy with an
urgency that until now you had not witnessed in my lovemaking before. The
difference in this one time is simply that I have nobody else to fulfill or to
please.

*****

I am startled at the sight of the aggressive and urgent manner in which I fucked
you pussy while you were unconscious. I feel a slight flush come over my face
and I look at you nervously from the corner of my eye. I see that you have your
hand slid inside your pants and I can see the movement of your fingers as you
work your clit over. I press pause and suggest that maybe we should retire to
the bed... or maybe just right here... and satiate our current hunger before we
go any farther with the video... and you quickly agree...

*****

I had wondered just how you would react at watching yourself being used. We had
discussed it many times and you had agreed to try it although you had expressed
concern about not being able to enjoy the show... and we had agreed that I would
not only film the adventure for our personal viewing pleasure, but I had
promised to at another time work you through everything I did while you were
unconscious... at a time you could either fake the state of unawareness...
passively enjoy the attention... or if you chose you could be an active
participant and we would modify the scenario as necessary...

Certainly I was surprised at just how exciting the events were to you... and you
knew what was coming next now and still was hot. It amazed me and pleased me and
made me as hot as it seemed to make you...

I dropped to my knees before you and unfastened your pants and slid them down
you sexy legs... and allowed your legs to rest on my shoulders and buried my
face against your pussy... my tongue working over your already engorged clit...
your sweet juices soaking my beard as my face pressed hard against you and you
ground yourself against it...

*****

After helping you to achieve a bone-jarring orgasm, you pulled away and curled
up on the sofa. You motioned for me to sit next to you and you propped your feet
in my lap. You pressed the play button as I lovingly massaged your bare soles
and toes and we watched the next scene of the video...

*****

With you still slumbering, naked on the bed, I began to bring the pieces of
equipment I had devised into the room... The first piece was the base... what
looked like a stool... wide sturdy legs and a wooden seat. Part of the seat was
covered in a plush fabric and part was bare wood... in the bare wood, near one
edge of the seat was a large hole.

The legs had large wheels, casters, with heavy locks. I rolled the base to the
edge of the bed and locked the wheels into place. I then wrapped my arms around
your legs and dragged you across the bed sheets so that your ass was positioned
on the fabric part of the seat.

I lowered your legs to the ground and then brought the camera to a close up shot
of you and the beginnings of the chair. Zooming in on your nakedness...
exploring and panning each inch of your flesh with the camera turned me on...
but I had gotten the relief I wanted for now... I was into phase two of this
particular game...

I replaced the camera in a position so that it was facing the chair directly...
at this moment it was zeroed in on your pussy... and the sticky-white fluid that
was leaking from it...

I opened a drawer and pulled out several pre-cut lengths of cotton rope. I then
knelt next to the legs of this contraption and began to tie your ankles to
them... I did so in such a way that the sole of your foot was at a 45 degree
angle, although you would be able to move it if you so chose... for now...

After securing both ankles I moved to your knees and bound them to the legs as
well... tight enough and using enough rope that I was certain you would not pull
free.

Bringing in the next section, I tossed the back onto the bed and then taking you
by the arms, lifted you into a sitting position... and allowed you to lean
against me while I reached behind you and clicked the slotted back into
position...

Once I had the back of the chair in place, I allowed you to lean back against
it. Your head lolled back across the top of if and I quickly lashed a rope
around your waist and another around you just beneath your breasts, securing you
to the hard wooden frame.

I leaned down and kissed your lips slightly and then lowered your head so it
hung against your chest and moved for the next pieces of the puzzle.

Snapping the arms into position I then pulled a bag of nuts and bolts from
another drawer and began to secure all the pieces into position... and then
bound each of your arms to the arm rests... at the wrist and at the elbow...

For the last piece of bondage I uncoiled another length of rope and wrapped it
around your chest, just above your breasts, and secured you once more against
the back of the odd chair-like device.

Then to complete the bondage-ensemble I pulled a roll of duct tape from under
the bed and tore off a length and placed it across your mouth. I repeated the
process twice more, each time the length being slightly longer... I was careful
to keep it well below your nose so as to not impair your breathing...

Content that you were definitely secure, I held the camera on you and again
zoomed in for close-ups of your body... the peaceful innocence of your face as
you slept, the rise and fall of your breasts... and panning down your belly to
your pussy... and then taking in your arms and your hands, your legs and your
feet... front and back... so that we had a definitive 3-D image of your
constraint... to share later...

*****

I could hear your breathing getting heavy as we watched this part. I could feel
the incredible erection I had, but to be honest I wasn't sure how much it was
due to the video and how much it was due to the continued contact I had with
your feet... and how you were massaging my crotch with one while I massaged the
other...

"How much longer before I wake up," you ask.

"We're almost there," I inform you, "I'm about to roll you into position... and
attach the last piece that I did before you woke up."

"Oh... THAT piece," you said with a kind of an evil-grin.

*****

On the video I unfastened the locks on the casters and rolled the chair away
from the bed. I left the room for a moment and returned with a large
free-standing mirror... and placed it before you so that when you woke up, you
would be looking at yourself. Then I carried the video camera behind the mirror
and set it up... we are able to see you through the lens of the camera... and
the "spy" mirror that I had purchased for this game...

Going to the closet, I pull a box from beneath my clothes on the top shelf...
and kneel before you and open it.

Inside I pull out a large device. It looks a little like a dildo and a little
like a large corkscrew... on the video you can see that it is covered at the tip
with dozens of soft, hair-like protrusions... and that at the base is a metal
plate...

I lay on the floor and guide it through the hole in the chair... until the head
of this device is right there against you pussy... and I fasten the plate to the
bottom side of the chair with four bolts...

The large green-gray instrument of today's torture is there... I adjust it
slightly and you slightly so that it is actually touching you... the opening of
your pussy... and I guide the head of this device into you... by about an
inch... and I flip a switch and turn it on...

*****

I cast a sideways glance at you and I see your mouth agape and your eyes wide as
you watch this device begin to torment you on video even before you were aware
of it's existence... You finally realize I am watching you and you look at me...

"Oh My God," you say to me, "I can not believe you did that to me."

"Baby," I explain, "You DID say I should surprise you... and get extreme..."

"Well yeah," you answer, "but I never thought it would be THIS extreme..."

"Are you sorry I did?"

"Hell no," you say as you sit up on the couch and wrap your arms around my neck,
"I'll just have to be careful what I say from now on."

"Only ask for what you want sweetness," I caution you, "because that is what I
will always try to give you..."

*****

With the device slowly rotating and moving around and around inside your pussy,
I can see your breathing increase and I can hear muffled moans from beneath the
tape. I can see "activity" beneath your closed eyelids... and then your eyes fly
open... You shake your head slightly and look at yourself in the mirror... and
with horror at the thing that is working so hard between your legs...

I, from behind the mirror, can see your eyes surveying your predicament. They
are wide... both with horror and with awe... with fear and with contentment...
as the incredible pleasure induced by the motion of the soft-rubber of the
corkscrewed vibrator begins to excite your body and cause you to hunger for even
more...

After a few moments, I can see you stop trying to figure out a way from the
invading force that is attacking your pussy... and to figure instead a way to
control it... a way to subdue it and make it do what you are wanting it to do
now... give you the kind of release that your body has started screaming for...

The sight of yourself bound helplessly to this chair... the sensations of this
device invading your pussy... the sweet-thrill of being totally at the mercy of
this situation... and of me... has inspired your body to betray you. I see your
nostrils flare with each rasping inhale and exhale... I hear the rhythmic moans
beneath the tape-gag... I see your hips moving desperately to try to capture
this thing that has captured you... but leverage is not your friend today... and
the sweet torture continues... your pussy being ravaged only a couple of inches
deep... the rest of it... and your excited and engorged clit... demanding
attention that is unlikely to come...

*****

Your hand is between your legs again. You didn't bother putting your pants back
on and I offer to stop the tape... but this time you tell me to let it roll...
that you want to see the rest of it and then we will retire for the night... to
our bed of passion and a night of lovemaking... I nod my head in agreement
because the excitement of the moment has stolen my voice... the lump in my
throat from watching you... and your reaction to this experience has reminded me
of the depths of our love... and that more than anything else in life can choke
me up and bring tears of joy to my eyes...

"I love you Tanya," I tell you.

"I know," you whisper, "And I love you too."

*****

I'm not sure who it seemed longer to, you or I. I was enraptured watching you
being tortured so... the device teasing you and taking you up the ladder toward
orgasm... but only so far... I'm sure it was a most torturous experience; it was
designed to be.

The entire intent was to create something so kinky and so hot that would drive
you mad with desire to be fulfilled. A pleasure and an anticipation and a total
helplessness to get there yourself. Watching you writhe and wiggle in the seat,
trying desperately to find a way to get the twisting and turning meat substitute
farther inside your drenched pussy was far more exciting than I had expected.

Had I not known what I was planning to do next, this would not be happening. But
my devotion to you would not allow you an indefinite amount of time to be
frustrated... The sweetest part of this torture was that you knew it would end
sometime because you knew me... but you had no idea how long it would last...
also because you knew me...

I watched you and was awestruck at how your body tried to accomplish it's goal
of fulfillment. You moved and bucked and struggled... not for freedom but to
impale yourself farther on the device. But the chair held you fast and firm and
all you could do was almost pull free of the device... but not quite... and you
were careful to not pull too far... because the point had come and passed where
you now needed more, not less, of the attention that you were receiving. Your
hair was soaked with sweat and plastered to your head and face; perspiration
glistened on your sweet body. The flaring of your nostrils as you breathed in
and out rigorously grew more dramatic. You were like a wild-woman who had been
trapped and tethered inside a small corral. And you were desperate for
release... one way or the other...

Finally after what seemed forever but in truth had been little more than half an
hour I stepped from behind the mirror. Your eyes were wild with desire and they
plead with me to help you through this... to relieve your frustration... to
unlock you and allow you to find the release you so desperately hungered for...

And I was about to comply... sort of...

*****

"What were you thinking right then," I asked you as I pressed the pause button.
You have repositioned yourself again so that now it is your head that rests in
my lap and your legs are outstretched across the sofa. You turn your head away
from the television and look at me. I am struck again by the beauty of your face
and of your eyes... and I catch just a hint of the sex-induced madness in them
that I saw while you were tied to the chair...

"I don't know," you started, "I guess I was wondering how you could do this to
me... but more than that, I was wondering how I could get more of... that
thing... into me..."

"That's pretty much what I thought," I smiled as I stroked your face. "I guess
great minds do think alike..."

And with that, you grabbed the remote control back from me and pressed play. You
rolled back over and I felt the weight of your head as it lay across my
semi-erect cock... and I knew that this was going to be one heluva night...
after the video... if we could wait that long...

*****

"Well, well, well," I teased you as I gently stroked your damp skin with my
hand.

"Mmmpghhgff mmgghmpfffgh," you mumbled into the tape. I'm sure you thought you
were doing more than mumble, but you were pretty near exhausted and weak as a
kitten. You didn't have the energy to actually shout...

"Don't worry sweetheart," I said as I checked your ropes, "we're about to get
you to where you want to be..."

And with that I unscrewed the bolts for the device... removed it from where it
was inside you, against your muffled pleas not to... and then reattached it to
the chair from the top side of the seat; effectively adding perhaps 2 inches to
it's length...

Then I came in with two more small pieces of wood and the corresponding bolts...
and mounted them to the rear legs of the chair at an approximately 45 degree
angle...positioning them in such a manner as to give you a place to put your
feet to gain some manner of leverage when the device was returned to it's place
in your pussy...

I reached down and felt the hot wetness of your glistening vagina and the cool
dampness of the rubber device... and guided the end of the device back into your
pussy... and I pressed the switch for it to begin it's clockwise motion...

There was little noise from my creation but what there was could not be heard
over the low moan that emitted from deep within your body...

And as a reward I flipped the switch again and the device began to spin
faster...

*****

"Oh my God," I heard you mutter as you watched the grand finale of your torture.

"Pretty intense, huh?"

"That doesn't even begin to explain this," you said as you jokingly poke me in
the belly with your elbow...

*****

Again behind the mirror, I watched you quickly figure out how to best use the
invasive "tool" to your advantage... I watched the muscles move in your legs as
you used your feet to "steer" your body around the spinning device... and I
watched as you figured out how to treat your clit to a massage from it as
well... it was not long before I heard you emit a high pitched, feverish
whine... rocking your head back and forth violently and spasmodically jerking at
your bonds... testing the durability of the chair in the process. I'm happy to
say that it worked as designed... and masterfully so...and you achieved one of
the most violent orgasms I've ever seen or heard of... followed by three more in
the next ten minutes...

*****

"Wow," you said as you sat up on the couch.

"Uh... does this mean the show's over?"

"Well, pretty much so," you replied, "I mean, all you did is untie me and help
me into the bed..."

"You sure about that?" I ask.

"OK," you admit, "after this I'm not sure about anything anymore... except that
you never cease to amaze me."

"I aim to please, baby."

"And you do please Baby."

On the television screen I could be seen rolling the chair back to the bed. You
might as well have been unconscious again; your head hung down and your
breathing was decreasing as I had turned off the device and withdrawn it from
you pussy. You were pretty much passed out from exhaustion.

Standing before me, you took my hands and I stood to my feet. You looked up at
me and smiled and I leaned in for a kiss.

"You know, big guy," you said in a hoarse whisper, "my pussy was pretty sore the
next day."

"I remember," I said with a wink.

"So what say we see if you're man enough to make it that sore again?"

"Oh my God Tanya," I answered with a huge smile, "you still haven't learned have
you? You have got to be careful what you ask me for..."

"Oh I've learned all right," you answered as you let your hand grasp my crotch
lightly, "this time I'm counting on you making it happen..."



(End)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T W Cloth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





