BDSM Library - Discipline




Discipline
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Journey of self discovery for young submissive and her Master.
Discipline  by Nikki

Chapter 1


I am china, I am Glass. I am smooth and cold.

>Are you alone?
>Yes (just me and my dark shadow)

I smell them, the men, their darkness, their excitement.

I've been here for hours (or days, weeks, seconds, I'm not sure)

They haven't touched me, but one came very close, I felt his hot, wet breath on
my neck, an almost imperceptible grunt as he inhaled me deeply, sucking the air
from my body, into his.

The atmosphere is acrid, bitter in my mouth. It tastes like a machine would,
inside. Industrial and oily. It coats my skin, leaving me dirty, each of my
pores clogged with its stickiness.


>You know I love you so much. You are mine, your pleasure, your suffering, mine.
>I love you (Oh! How I love you, tear me open and take my black heart in your
teeth, swallow it that I may live inside you, pumping through your veins,
filling your soul with my liquid fire)

I would be naked, were it not for my blindfold, a crude affair from what I can
tell. Dark rag, tied tightly around my head, dragging at my eyelids. My eyeballs
prickling underneath. My back aches from standing on the rough cold surface,
dusty, greasy concrete feel. They are wearing heavy shoes or boots, their
footfalls echoing as they circle me, their eyes burning into the very core of
me, piercing at my insides with intensity.

I don't detect the approaching one, and when it comes, the touch startles me, I
gasp, causing the others, but not him, to snigger, childlike. He grabs my wrists
in one giant hand, wrenching my arms skywards. Judging by the ease in which he
does this, he is much, much larger than I am. He binds my hands, and then
tethers them to some post or hook above me. I am forced almost on tiptoes; the
searing pain in my shoulders is immediate, dulling to a steady, pulsing ache.

Tears Begin to fall, salty, soaking into the blindfold, stinging my cheeks. "Why
are you crying, you dirty little bitch? No-one is going to hear you, save the
rats in the wall, and they don't give a fuck" His voice is gruff, angry, and
filled with loathing. I feel a flush creeping from my breast, up my neck to my
scalp. I'm no longer cold (I am china, I am glass). My womb dilates and
contracts inside my belly, pulsing hard into my groin.


>Be good for me tonight angel, you make me so happy.
>Of course (please let it always be so)


"So let me tell you how it's going to be ok? You are ours 'til we tire of you,
to do with as we wish" A thumb, tracing the outline of my jaw, a hand, circling
my throat. His breath, like smoky, bruised fruit, cigarettes and lager. "You are
a filthy, disgusting slut, gagging for me to fuck you, I bet your cunt is
soaking with the anticipation of my cock ramming into it" his hot mouth is on
mine suddenly. His rough calloused hand grazing against my nipple. My body (your
body, Master) responds of its own will (your will?) my mouth softens, opens to
the tongue probing at it, my nipples stiffen. My thighs fall forward, my knees
having lost the ability to maintain my weight, I am hanging by my wrists, but am
hardly aware of the wrench, like some distant, long forgotten ache. One hand
cups my sex, the other my breast. A finger inside me, then two, jabbing at my
spine. I groan, and pant, my breathing laboured, my senses closing down to
everything around me, except the need of my shadow, the dark shadow of my
wanting.

He whispers in my ear, the others can't hear what he's saying, so crude, mean,
and beautiful. "You are loving this, you whore. I am going to make you come so
hard you will spend the rest of your life thanking god for my existence" he's
rubbing my clitoris, fingers still probing at my soul, his other hand sliding
down my spine, down and underneath, pausing to push at my anus, causing me to
tense even more.

One of the other men moves, I hear him. Then, the unmistakable 'swoosh' of a
belt being pulled from its loops. I hear it crack on skin a split second before
I feel it; a moment of confusion whilst my brain attempts to work out what's
just happened. The pain, when it comes, is exquisite, first the whispering
scream as the air is severed, a barely registered draught across the top of my
thighs, the noise of the impact, the buzzing in my head, which translates
gradually, into pain, low down on my buttocks at first, then a crescendo, a roar
of agony, an angry dragons roar, then the flames, spreading outward, subsiding
to serpents tongues of sting, licking furtively, a line of fluttering echoes.
Before there's any chance for natures analgesia to take effect, in the form of
some numbing, another blow. 




Chapter 2

I didn't know when I met my dark prince that it would come to this. I was simply
swept away by the romance of it all, as anyone would be.

There I was, sitting in the park one day, watching the world go by, when he sat
down beside me, and spoke:

"I have a fantasy, it goes something like this, you are alone in your room one
evening, and I come to you, and order you to take off your dress, which you do,
and then I leave, you're just standing there, naked." he laughed then, open and
loud. I laughed too. Inside, I felt my shadow flutter, almost as if it could
leap from me and into his lap. I was torn between playing it cool, or forcing my
tongue down his throat, I sensed both would be equally inappropriate. I settled
for what I hoped was a coy, yet compliant looking smile. I knew perfectly well
that his laughter was simply a defence, should I have been offended, he would
simply have passed it off as a joke, and told me not to be so overly sensitive.
But it wasn't a joke, and I was smitten.



He did come to me, several days later.

I was in the cinema; he silently slid into a seat behind me, midway through the
film. I had expected to feel tense, my body to have stiffened at the thought of
him so close. But instead I felt on relief, and a liberating sense of
resignation. His gloved hand crept over my shoulder, and came to rest at m left
breast, he pulled the nipple, hard, between thumb and forefinger. He whispered
into my neck "take off your knickers and give them to me."

I did so.

"Spread your thighs, and lift your dress higher, I want to be able to see you."

I did so.

He left as silently as he had come.

The following day, at work, a message:

>Little one, you are truly beautiful. I long to caress you, to feel your warm,
soft darkness surround me, To cause you much suffering, that you may come to
understand the ways of life. I wish to run my tongue along your bruised, aching
flesh, to dab at your cuts with a cool cloth.

I didn't reply, there was no need. And anyway, I was to happy to concentrate,
simply staring at the blinking screen in front of me.



It was maybe two weeks before I saw him again; I was in company this time. He
took my arm, gently guiding me out of the crowds, and into a quiet corridor. "I
have something for you" he said. Into my hand he pressed the cold metal, a key,
old, small and dull. I looked up at him expectantly, "keep this safe," he said
"you'll need it soon."



That night I was filled with a nervous excitement, I slept fitfully, and the
strangest dreams came to me, one of which seemed to go on and on forever. In the
dream, I had been back at home, walking through the bustling throngs of people
in the noisy souk. Above the sound of the wailing vendors, I became aware of
another noise, a low, guttural cry. I was aware of how sticky and hot I felt,
but overwhelmed by curiosity as to what could be making those sounds. I followed
the direction of what was now a low pitched moan, up an alleyway, past the stray
cats that gathered around the littered doorsteps, past the young Arab boys,
huddled in a circle, poking at a baby gecko with a stick. I came to a wooden
gate, and pushed it open onto a courtyard.

There before me, a woman, she had been gagged, her eyes wild, a violent storm
rising up within them. As I slowly drank in the scene I noticed her hands were
tied, one to each of the posts she stood between, her ankles the same, splaying
her and holding her prostrate. Three figures faced her, their backs toward me.
One held a strap in his hand; he had it drawn back ready to strike her already
very striped skin. The welts criss-crossed over her breasts and belly, furiously
purple. Another man was tracing his fingers over her cunt, slowly, and I
realised then that the noises I had heard had been the sounds of her ecstasy, as
her body bucked as much as its restraints would allow, her pleasure finally
spent. One of them turned to face me; he was smiling, his black eyes shining in
the moonlight. He stepped forward, and opened his mouth to speak, and to my
utter disappointment, I awoke.




Chapter 3

I wore the key around my neck, on a silver chain; it felt so reassuring to have
it there, as if He were with me. When I thought of him, I did so constantly, I
felt my heart bleed red, and my shadow wept. I knew that if he were ever to
leave, that I would surely die.

He requested that I meet him one evening, as I walked into the forest I heard
the moaning of the wind as it caressed the branches of the shimmering birch
trees that surrounded me. It was peaceful, and the moon beautiful, her face
smiling down upon us. My shadow kept her distance, always lagging slightly
behind, her eyes darting tentatively around, she was cautious, and gently
trembling. I heard the swoop of his wings against the night air, and his soft
landing in a clearing near to where I stood. His eyes burnt me, my shadow
recoiled, startled for a second, by the heat, and his beauty.

"Come closer," he said, I started toward him, not trusting my quaking body to
keep me upright. As I neared him, and his very presence grabbed at my soul and
sucked at my heart, I became trance-like and duty bound. He touched my face and
drew me to him slowly. As his lips met mine I gasped softly into his mouth, and
felt my inner self surrender to him. He kissed me and I opened my eyes and
looked into his, and I drowned in them, I saw a flash of what could be, what
would be, and there was blackness, and hate and rage and beauty and peace. They
writhed together, entangled and thrashing like a thousand vipers in the pits of
his stomach. I could have stayed there forever, but knew I must come up for air,
or be lost for all of eternity. As his face swam back into focus before me, I
saw his eyes, bright and wild, a light dancing in them like a firefly trapped in
a jar.

If I could have climbed inside and lived within his head with the dark beast
already there, I would have. He saw this thought and a smile played on his lips.
He was prepared to give nothing of himself to me, and for now, I knew this was
probably just as well. His hand slid over my breast, on downward to my thigh.
The silver in his hand glinted sharply in the moonlight. I felt the piercing,
like a rose thorn, as he broke my skin with the thing he held. He pushed me
backwards, until I came to rest, not gently, my head hitting against the smooth
majestic column of tree trunk. In one smooth action he kicked my heels apart and
raised my dress. He pressed his fingers to the cut he had made, tracing the
trickle of darkness from it, I felt it cool where the wind came and chilled it.
He lifted his fingers that were stained with my life, to my mouth. As I licked
my own salty blood from them, I tasted his bitter venom, it was already running
through me.

Those same sticky fingers found their way into my aching womb, probing me until
he drew them away and impaled me on his self, burying himself deeply within
me.His breathing became heavy, laboured and hard as my shadow flooded through me
to where he was and took him and carressed and loved him as he lived in me. His
body tensed, I felt the rippling of every part of him, the parasites within him
hurrying to be where they could feed on the sustenance he took from me.

I wanted to bear witness to his solitary act of submission, I may never get the
chance again, to see his face as he gave me the only thing he could. I forced my
eyes to stay open, scared I would be blinded by the sight, and almost was. He
let out a cry, for mercy and repentance as he flooded me, staining me with his
colours, setting alight everything he touched, liquid flames kissing at my core,
marking every part of me as his own. I sobbed, for the child in me that had
searched so long for this, and for the truth in him that would never be free to
live amongst mankind. He stroked my belly, my dress fell into place, and I
glowed silver where he had touched.

He turned from me and headed back into the forest, at one with the great dark.




Chapter 4

I stumbled blindly through the days between seeing him again, barely conscious
of anything around me, only him. Time passed in a blur, I awoke one morning with
the thrill of anticipation in my heart, I was to go to his home the very next
afternoon. In his presence I was so very overwhelmed, that I had learnt to enjoy
the sweet moments before I saw him, savouring them as well as I could. As usual,
I was unable to concentrate on any one thing, flitting between rooms, thoughts
and activities like a moth amongst candles. As night fell my state did not
improve, I lay awake under the moon until the milky sunshine came through my
window and spilt hazy light onto my bed.

As I approached the gates to the house, a manservant appeared, he pulled back
one of the tall, black cast iron gates, enough to allow me to slip through the
gap. We walked up the drive toward the house; I felt my heart quicken knowing I
would soon be in my lovers' arms.

As I entered the hallway he was at the top of the stairs that swept up from
where I stood. He came to me and took my hands in his and kissed my hair. "Thank
you for coming here today" he said, smiling his beautiful smile and staring
deeply into me. I smiled, struck dumb, as was usual for me on these occasions.
"Let me show you some of my things" he said, leading me to a doorway. We stepped
inside the room and I let out a small gasp at the sight before me, the library
was beautifully furnished, not least by the three slaves before me, each one
glowing from the light that seeped from them. They knelt with heads bowed, each
tethered to their own post by means of a silver chain, and each attached to the
collars around their necks. He unlocked one of the slaves. She stood, and we
left the room, following him back across the hall and down the stone steps that
lead into the cellar.

Flute, for that was the slave girls' name, had obviously been prepared for the
events that were to take place this afternoon. She approached the manacles
attached to the wall, and motioned for me to go to her. She took a hold of my
wrist, and gently fastened the steel cuff around it; she turned my back to the
wall, and secured my other wrist, then backed out of the room.

"This is necessary," he said to me, a cold edge to his voice that I had not
heard before. He grabbed at my dress, pulling it apart with both hands. Buttons
flew in every direction; it tore widely and hung sorrowfully from my shoulders.
His eyes met mine and I saw they were glowing red. He pulled at my knickers,
breaking them easily and they fell to the floor. I stood in my shoes, my dress
forlorn and barely attached, my face ablaze with humiliation, unable to meet his
fiery gaze. I could feel beads of sweat forming on my brow, and, to my dismay, a
pulsing, yearning, wanting sensation pour into my belly. I felt sure he knew of
this, and my face burned redder still.

He lifted my chin, and pushed his mouth hard into mine, his teeth grazing my
tongue, the pressure bruising my lips. I groaned and gasped hard with the need
in me, my shadow moaned and reached and scratched to be let out.

I heard a shuffling, and when I wrenched my eyes open I was greeted by the sight
of Flute, having presumably been summoned at some point earlier. In her hand she
held a riding crop, she smiled softly and in her eyes I saw secrets and
knowledge, and the glow of joy from the permanent state of ecstasy she
inhabited.

My Dark Prince gave a barely perceptible nod, and in a flash, Flute had drawn
back her arm, and brought the crop down hard onto my flesh. An angry red stripe
was already forming on my trembling breast. As quickly as the first, three more
strikes, each crossing the last, forming a crude red star across my chest.
Momentarily shocked, I was silent, but as the fourth blow rained down, I yelped,
as the crops tip struck my nipple, which immediately darkened and swelled. The
slave took aim, and with practiced precision, matched the previous blow, this
time on the other nipple. The pain was intense and I instinctively turned from
her, as much as my chains would allow, though knowing deep down that my actions
would be futile.

"Ankles" he barked, Flute crouched and took my ankle, I kicked out automatically
"no, please don't" I hissed. "She struggles, Master" Flute called out, concern
in her voice. I glared at her, she met my gaze, with her own, blank, one. My
threats would mean less than dust to her. He approached me "this is necessary"
he intoned. I gave Flute, still crouching nearby, my ankle; her small victorious
'sniff' did not go unnoticed.

Once my ankles were secure, Flute straightened, and moved across the room to a
table, upon which a selection of disciplinary devices were placed. As she
pondered over the various items, it occurred to me that my Prince had given his
slave girl a choice as to how what means she may wish to inflict my suffering
and my humiliation doubled. Flute picked up a whip of fine, black leather, with
many tails. I tried hard not to stare at it, my eyes drawn fearfully back every
time I looked away, my pupils dilating by the second.

"Oh, excellent choice, you have learnt well my Flute" the prince chuckled, his
cheeks flushing slightly at the truly delightful scene unfolding before him.
Flute blushed, and dipped her head, suddenly coy.




Chapter 5

I woke to the sound of a raven's call, outside the window of the room I found
myself in. I stretched, and winced, every one of my joints screaming out in
objection to the movement, my skin tight and tingling.

Munira, one of the slave girls, stood at my bedside, silently keeping watch, I
attempted a smile, she responded with one of her own. "I expect you would like
to take a bath," she said kindly. She offered her hand to me, and I took it,
grateful for her steadying force as I gingerly pushed back the sheets and stood.
"I see you have had the pleasure of Flutes Company this afternoon" munira said,
unable to suppress the chuckle bubbling in her throat. "I think it was flute who
gained most of the pleasure" I replied, my shadow murmured agreement, somewhat
subdued by the lessons of the day.

I was lead to the bathroom by Munira. The bath was large and deep, and already
filled with steaming water, the air heady with the scent of incense. I stepped
into the tub, munira only letting go of my hand once she had satisfied herself
that I wasn't going to collapse in a heap. "Rest here a while, and enjoy, I will
come and fetch you when Eda is ready for you" said munira. I didn't need telling
twice, I lay there and allowed my eyes to fall heavy, and contemplating whom Eda
might be.

The water felt hotter where the whip had left its stripes. My womb throbbed and
pulsed heavily with want, as yet ungratified. My hand found my breast, cupping
it gently, it was tender and swollen, in a state of heightened sensitivity, my
nipples hardened immediately, tightening the surrounding skin, causing the crop
marks to tingle and sting and my shadow to awaken and yearn inside me. My belly
ached with the need I felt, my other hand slid between my legs and I probed
tenderly, involuntarily groaning out loud as my mounting orgasm washed over me,
stroked and rubbed until my body shuddered and crumpled, almost spent, my shadow
not as satisfied as she would like, both of us wondering fleetingly when the
Prince would come to us again.

I washed myself, and got out, starting to feel a lot better than I had on first
awakening, I looked at myself in the full-length mirror that stood at the foot
of the bath. I was covered in marks, but they were not deep, save for the ones
made by the crop, flute obviously had a talent for using it. I dried and wrapped
myself in the robe that lay nearby. Just then, munira entered the room; she
spoke "Eda would like to see you now". "Who is Eda?" I asked. She is a very
close friend of my Masters" she replied. From her tone I knew she would answer
no further questions on the subject, any friend of my lovers had my instant
respect, such was my devotion to him. 

We proceeded to go downstairs, and into the hallway, where we were greeted by
Eda "thank-you munira, please leave us alone now" Eda said, her voice deep and
sultry, with the trace of an accent, Russian or similar I guessed. I couldn't
help but stare at the woman before me, she was beautiful, and her skin was like
alabaster, her eyes liquorice brown, as was her hair, which hung straight to her
shoulders. "Let us walk," she said, she pushed open the large doors at the rear
of the hall and we stepped into the gardens. There was a low mist, and this
added to the ethereal feel of the place. We walked in silence, until we reached
the chapel that stood solitary to the side of the woodland that surrounded the
house, Eda turned to me "I used to come here when I was a child, when I didn't
want anyone to find me" she said, a faraway look in here eyes. I looked around,
unwilling to break this amazing woman from her reverie, the chapel was of grey
stone, and looked to have been on the earth for all of time, a part of the
landscape. Several tombstones lay in the grass surrounding, unmoved for hundreds
of years, moss and ivy encased every surface, curling and twisting into the
surface, turning the building into a living thing.

Eda opened the wooden door, and I followed her in, it was dark and damp, the
only light allowed in was that which managed to sneak through the cracks in the
roof, spotting the floor and pews with light. We walked to the altar, she turned
to me, and slipped her hand around the back of my neck, stroking its nape, then
catching hold of my hair, and twisting it, holding it fast in her fist and
pulling my head back firmly. I groaned, and felt my face flush, and my legs
weaken. "I hope you realise how lucky you are to have been chosen," she hissed
into my face "you must never forget or cease to be grateful for what you will
receive". I knew she spoke the truth, and that I was privileged indeed, I had
nothing I could say that could express the feelings that flooded through me. The
intensity of my adoration took my breath and rendered me dumb.

Her red mouth found mine and sucked and licked and my hot tongue responded
vehemently, she ground her hips against mine, her mouth moved from my face to my
neck, I felt her teeth graze the soft skin and she emitted a small sigh, before
opening her mouth and pulling her lips back to expose her sharp canine teeth, I
felt my skin break and felt my blood run. Eda traced its line to the point of
the incision, and hovered there a while savouring it. We kissed some more and
then knelt to pray and give thanks.




Chapter 6


Every day I wasn't with him, I felt my heart shrink and grow colder. When I saw
him it would swell in my chest and ignite. I saw him rarely over the next few
months, and thought I might die, as though I was starved of the life he gave me.
My shadow grew weak within me.

One dark evening, I walked by the lake; I knew he was near long before I felt
the air grow cooler in his presence. My shadow leapt, as if my adrenalin rush
had shot into her chest. We waited, our fear and anticipation compounded by the
hoot of the snowy owl nearby in a tree, and the oppression of the black night. I
became aware of the tingling of my skin, and the buzzing in my ears, my breath
quickened, and my mouth became dry.

"Good evening my little one" his smooth voice hissed into my ear, I couldn't
help but smile, he frightened me so, but I could never be without him now, I was
truly lost.

He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me to the ground, I gasped, I was
frightened; I hadn't expected such harsh treatment. He was pulling at my
clothes; I looked around, worried that there could still be people around who
would see us, see him. Sensing my concern, he half lead, half dragged me to the
old, disused boathouse that stood at the lakeside. It was damp and cold, he
pushed me to the floor, my dress was torn and I had lost a shoe, I fell to my
knees, banging them hard on the floor, and scraping my hands as I reached
forward in an effort to sustain my balance.

"This is Gabriel, my brother," my dark prince said.

I looked up from my humiliating position, there, before me, stood Gabriel, he
looked at me, his red eyes burning into me with an intensity I had only known in
my lover until now. "Remove your dress for me please" he said, I looked at them
both, and they stared back, no emotion apparent on either face. I took my dress
up over my head, still kneeling on the floor, dressed in one shoe and my key
around my neck. Gabriel walked towards me, as he neared, I felt his darkness
suffuse the room and me. I became very nervous, and began to tremble
uncontrollably. Gabriel crouched down, and supporting the back of my head with
his hand, he pushed his mouth into mine, kissing me hard. I responded, unable to
stop myself. Before long I was writhing and twisting my body into his, my body
aching to feel him inside me.

He took me by the shoulders, and guided my shaking body upright, and walked me
to a nearby saw-bench, he turned me around to face it, then in one swift
movement pushed me down, holding my neck tight. I heard the rustle of his wings,
and the unmistakable feel of his aroused body, pressing against the back of my
thighs. He pushed his thumb into my bottom, causing me to flinch, he held me
tighter at the neck.

"Please, not there" I pleaded " I haven't...I have never done this...it will
hurt me...please?"

Gabriel laughed, not unkindly. "Brother dear, please come over here and shut
this silly little girl up before I have to resort to means I'm sure even you
will not approve of."




My prince, whom up until now had stood in the shadows, a casual observer, walked
over to where my head was, he crouched and stroked my cheek. I stopped wiggling
and tried to relax. Gabriel spread my bottom cheeks open and sighed "aaah...I
think I have a real virgin here...what heaven" before thrusting his hard, hot
penis almost all the way into me in one horrible thrust. I screamed. And
screamed. The pain ripped through me, it was though I had been split into two.
Tears poured down my cheeks, and my prince licked them from my face. Gabriel was
merciless as he thrust further into the most delicate part of me, I felt him
pumping towards my bowels, the sensation nauseating, and I hiccupped and sobbed
and gasped.

Just when I thought I could take no more of the pain, and would quite possibly
pass out, I felt my lovers tongue search out my own, I tasted him, sweet on my
lips, and began to kiss him back. He stroked and kissed me more, murmuring into
my ear, until my breathing became hard and I began to throb. "I want you to come
for me little one," he said. I reached down under my belly, and began to rub my
clitoris, I was surprised to find I was soaking wet. I stroked and played and
quickly found my orgasm mounting inside me, meanwhile, Gabriel had slowed his
fervent thrusting and had slowed, and was now sliding in and out of me with
long, steady strokes. He pushed my legs further apart, and pushed deeper, his
speed beginning to gather again. I began to push into his thrusts, it hurt, but
the fullness intensified the sensations I was creating myself. I pushed two
fingers into myself, and could feel Gabriel thrusting through the wall of flesh.
I came, hard, groaning and clenching against the steeliness inside me. Gabriel
let out a moan and made his final thrusts, as release came to him,I felt the
heat and the gush as he emptied himself deep into my bowels.

As I eased myself up off the workbench, Gabriel's footsteps were already
receding towards the doorway. "Goodnight Gabriel" my dark prince shouted to his
brother "and I hope you liked your birthday present."

"You have excelled yourself this year" came the reply from out of the shadows.




Chapter 7

As I walked along the forest path one evening, the moon dressing the grass under
my feet in her beams, her heard a noise, a droning, from deep within the heart
of the forest. Curiosity getting the better of me, much to my shadows
discontent, I headed in the direction of the sound. Soon, I came upon a
clearing, a small circle of grass, flanked by bracken. I stood for a while,
trying to decide where the noise was, I no longer seemed to be able to pinpoint
its direction; it seemed everywhere, yet nowhere. Then I realised, it was
underneath me. I could almost feel the tremor of it in the earth, so deep and
resonant.

I looked all about me, trying to work out what was happening, was it the earth,
talking, or was there some kind of room below me, I needed to know. The large
oak tree to my side beckoned to me, as I neared its imposing form, I could make
out a gaping hole in the trunk, near the bottom, just small enough to go
unnoticed, just large enough for a man to clamber through.

I slipped inside the tree, and lifted the trap door within. Quietly, carefully,
I made my way down the wooden steps. The droning was much louder now, quite
clearly some kind of intonation. Almost human, but not quite. It was not a
constant noise, but came in beats, like my heart pounding in my head. I groped
my way through the corridors of the earth, stumbling towards the dim light, and
the sound in my ears. The smell was pure, damp and fragrant, the air was warm
and humid, and I breathed it in to the depths of my being.

I turned a corner, then halted in my steps, in front of me just feet away, was a
lit area. The earth formed a pillar in the middle of the space, a circular area,
the walls having small alcoves dug into them, at intervals, these held candles,
casting a haunting light into the centre of the room, illuminating the pillar,
which stood half the height of the room, and was engraved with scripture of some
kind, along its entire length, on all four sides. The sounds became nearer, and
I ducked for cover.

There were seven of them, all dressed in robes of deep brown, like the soil they
stood in. their wings made lumps on their backs, like my princes do. They came
into the room, one by one, and formed a circle around the pillar, never breaking
the rhythm of their chant. They each held a section of chain; this linked them,
but had no end. My shadow tugged at my sleeve, and pointed to another
passageway, a great light shone from it, from out of the light, another of them
came, he was bigger, and instead of silver, his wings were black. He wore no
robe. Behind him followed two slaves, they were shackled at ankles and wrists.
On his entrance to the room, the chanting ceased, and the air became static. I
was afraid to breath, afraid I would give myself away.

The slaves were urged forward, they stood with their backs to the pillar, at
opposing sides, and were chained, around their waists, securing them tightly.
The leader began to speak, a language I did not know, but I understood perfectly
what he was saying. The others swayed and hummed, becoming trancelike in their
state. Beads of sweat formed on the slaves' foreheads, as their time grew near,
and the circle closed in around them. The noises became louder, more
animalistic, and I could only watch with fascinated horror as the beasts
disrobed and took the women one by one. After they each took their pleasure they
moved to the wall at the back of the room and took one of the fine, short tailed
whips that hung there. Soon they all stood, whips in hand still linked by chain,
against the far wall. The leader stepped to the slaves, they looked at him with
eyes wide, their bodies pink and swollen from the mauling they had received. The
leader looked them both up and down appraisingly, and then pointed to the girl
nearest him, a dark haired beauty that reminded me of Munira.

The other girl let out a wail, seemingly dissapointed at not being the chosen
one. She was untied, and lead backk down the passageway. The girl who had been
chosen stepped away from the pillar, becoming free as the chains had bound them
both. She had a look of perfect serenity, as she was lead to the altar, and laid
upon the heavy stone that stood there. The leader mounted her, and began to
enter her, she lay still and silent, allowing her faith to engulf her. As he
moved within her, his wings opened, shielding them both from view. I heard her
tiny gasp, and his roar. He stood, and left the room, followed by his minions.

At first, I thought she had seen me, her clear eyes stared directly at me, but
then I saw she looked through me, past me. As I crept closer, I saw the blood,
and the place where here heart had been. Red and soft and wet.




Chapter 8

Upon my return home after that night, the night of the sacrifice, I slept, for
what must have been a long, long time. For when I woke, it seemed a new season
had begun. I waited for a sign, some contact from my prince, and eventually it
came. Words, telling me to come to his home that night, I must come alone, leave
my shadow behind for once. I felt relief and trepidation; I would be free of
conscience, but bound by my yearning, my need.

I set off early, Munira met me at the gate, her face relaxed and happy, lit by
the thousands of tiny lights that flanked the windows of the great house. The
hall was full of people laughing and talking, I knew barely anyone, but Flute
was there, the perfect hostess, handing out drinks and chatting with the guests.
I felt eyes on me, and turned to see Gabriel in a corner, engaged in
conversation with a beautiful Japanese woman, who was following his line of
vision and now also looking my way. Gabriel whispered something to her, and she
smiled widely, they nodded to me, and, I, with all the dignity I could muster,
nodded back. The image of my last encounter with Gabriel was still firmly at the
forefront of my mind, causing me to blush deep crimson every time I thought of
it.

Flute glided over to me, proffering drinks, I took one and resisted the urge to
pour the entire contents of the glass down my throat. Glad of my reserve, as my
prince hovered into my sights as I took a sip. He came straight to me, and I
felt my heart swell and pound in my chest. He took my hand and led me out of the
room, and up the stairs. I followed in a dream like state, my mind empty of all
but this man whom I loved with every part of my being. He took me to a bedroom,
empty but for a large, four poster bed in the centre, and a mirrored cupboard
that filled the whole of one wall. My drink, I still clutched it, was removed
from my hand, and he lay me down on the bed.

As he caressed me, I felt my body would melt with desire. I was only half
conscious of the restraints being attached to my wrists and ankles, of him
securing me to each corner of the bed. Of the others entering the room.

He raised himself up from me, and stepped back, allowing me to see that there
were six other people now in our company, all strangers, yet familiar to me in
some way. I wasn't scared or worried, I was burning with desire and understood
that whatever might happen would be because he wished it to, all I wanted to be
was this. I think it was at this point that the dawning of realisation came,
that I truly surrendered myself. These people were not of my princes' kind, but
men, they had blood in their veins and need etched into their faces. One came
close, and lifted my dress high above my breasts, revealing my nakedness. Hands
reached out to me, touching my skin, sending ripples of aching want through my
body, to my soul. They murmured words of lust as they touched, and I strained
upwards to meet their inquisitive fingers. Relief poured into me as they each
probed inside me, deeply. Others stroked my face, my mouth, and my breasts.

The group dispersed, I thought it was over and couldn't believe how disappointed
I felt. Then a lone man came forward, he removed his clothing and mounted me,
his arousal so great I thought I would split in two as he pierced my thighs. It
was finished quickly, the others the same, six men entered me one after the
other, and by the time the last man was done the first was ready again. He
straddled my chest and pushed himself into my mouth; I gagged, and then relaxed
as his hips found a rhythm. My feet were untied, my legs lifted to allow another
man to enter me, my legs over his shoulders as he forced himself where only
Gabriel had been before. Then my hands were too released, I was turned onto my
side to enable two men to enclose me, I felt them both inside me, moving in
unison. My desires waxed and waned. When I thought I could take no more another
man would approach, hungry, his hands would coax my body to a state of arousal,
and it would start again.

Finally, after many, many hours, the men left. Flute tiptoed into the room where
I lay, truly spent. She had such a glint in her eye, I knew that she shouldn't
be there, her face danced with mischief. I was easily manipulated, such was my
exhaustion. She laid me on my back, and pulled my legs until they rested over
the edge of the bed. Kneeling before me, she parted my thighs and nuzzled at my
belly. She spread me open with her hands and placed her tongue upon me, soon
kissing and sucking at my tender, swollen clitoris. She lapped at the fluids
leaking from me, a million different releases poured from me, mingling with my
own. I didn't think it possible, but once more, a raging sensation ripped
through me as I gave myself up to the roaring crescendo of my release.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nikki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





