BDSM Library - Punishment Camp




Punishment Camp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Eloise pays a terrible price for a crime she didn't commit. Forced to serve a harsh prison sentence in complete nudity while forced by the guards into hard labor. Who could survive?
PUNISHMENT CAMP

CHAPTER 1.

"Right, the fools have put it in the wrong place. There is a barrow and here is
a shovel. Move it over there" said Sgt "Butch" Freda Patterson.

"You don't eat or drink until it's done. It had better be done by two or you'll
regret it"

Private Eloise Brown sighed inwardly as she saw the large pile of coke recently
unloaded from the truck. It had taken it just a few seconds to cascade onto the
concrete floor. It would take her much longer to transfer it shovel-load by
shovel- load, long back-breaking wheelbarrow journey by wheelbarrow journey
three hundred yards to the spot where it should have been unloaded. Or should it
have been?

Eloise had a pretty shrewd idea that the suppliers had been deliberately told to
put it in the wrong place, just as a way of giving the long suffering girl yet
more back- breaking work out in the open on a cold November day.

Colder than this time last year, Eloise remembered with a shudder as she
contemplated the three long years before her ordeal would be over. Last year had
been worse, though, she thought. At least she was pretty well inured by this
time to hard labour in this remote punishment camp, with its harsh, open air
routine.

Better get started she thought and began to shovel the solid fuel into the
barrow. It was a heavy shovel and soon her arms and shoulders began to ache,
even though they had been forced through a multitude of such tasks already. The
barrow was soon full and she began to wheel it over to the other site. After two
dozen journeys her back, shoulder and arms were aching and her hands, although
toughened after over a year's toil ,sore.

After three hours as the winter day began to lighten she could see that the new
pile was still only about a third the size of the original and she was
desperately tired and hungry. She had been up since four am and had had no
breakfast - only the usual mug of disgusting tea. Six more hours at the least
before I finish this! Surely I don't deserve this, she thought as she shovelled
and trudged back and forth.

Three hours later at ten am it started to snow heavily and the path between the
two piles became slippery. She began to struggle to keep up the momentum and to
stay on her feet. There was still just over a third of the job still to be done
and she was bound to slow down over the last last stages. She could scarcely
see, feel or hear as she fought through the pain to keep going.

As the new pile grew, she had to throw the shovels full of coke upwards to
ensure that the pile was as high as the first one and this only added to the
gruelling nature of the task she had been given.

Despite the immense physical exertions, she could feel the cold beginning to
affect her. Her feet cried out in agony and her hands ached with excruciating
intensity of concentrated pain. She stamped on the ground to keep the
circulation going. It was not surprising, of course, that her physical efforts
were barely sufficient to keep the cold at bay.

For fifteen long, awful months now, Eloise had been completely naked, even down
to her feet.




CHAPTER 2.

Sgt Patterson sat in her warm office looking out at the wretched girl toiling
away under the supervision of Corporal Jenks, who was shouting at her in a
perpetual litany of abuse, urging her on to greater efforts and making sure she
had not a second's respite until the task was completed.

She saw her shovelling several loads of coke into the barrow, trundling the
barrow over the distance to the fresh and slowly growing heap, unloading the
coke and returning to the first pile for hour after glorious hour. (Not so
glorious for Private Brown!). The sight of the naked body becoming increasingly
flushed by exertion and cold became more and more exciting to her. She thought
with glee of the discomfort and worse that the poor girl was enduring.

There were twenty other female prisoners here at this penal facility but only
one who had been sentenced to serve her detention in a state of total nudity.

Patterson had never found out the reason for the exceptional severity of
Eloise's punishment. Four years' detention was incredibly long- the girl nearest
in terms of length of sentence was serving only six months- and the regime of
eighteen hours a day of hard labor exposed year round to the elements was savage
enough in itself, but to be naked and outdoors during the winter months was
likely to kill the girl or so she had thought last year when Eloise had been
delivered to their "care".

It almost had killed her she remembered. Only warm air outlets from the camp
buildings where she had been allowed to spend a few minutes every two hours to
warm herself up a bit had saved her. Also she was proving to be quite
exceptionally hard, as though she was determined to live, even though many might
have given up in despair by this time.

I wonder what her story is, she thought. Why is she the only prisoner whose
record I cannot see and why are the staff forbidden to talk to her other than to
give her work and to discipline her?

She resumed her contemplation of the wintry scene. A gang of women were cutting
up logs. They had only been working since seven am and had had a breakfast -
unlike Eloise whose first meal of the day might not be for hours yet.

Sadistic bitch that she was, Patterson felt a slight pang of pity for the
unfortunate girl. Not that she would let it get in the way of doing her job.

What must she have done to deserve this? Damn. I wish I knew.




CHAPTER 3.

By two in the afternoon the Sergeant strode up to the naked prisoner and barked
"I told you there would be trouble if you hadn't finished in time"

"But, I have finished, Sergeant" said Eloise, exhausted, shivering and almost in
tears, "I have done it "

"Don't you dare question me", she raged. "You haven't swept the dust from the
first pile, or erected a fence around the new one. Get started now and come and
stand outside my office when you finish"

Sweeping up was easy enough, but putting a fence around the pile was another
matter. Posts had to be hammered into the hard ground and it was two hours
before she had finished.

She wandered wearily over to the office and stood at attention outside in the
snow hoping her wait would not be too long. It was a vain hope as she had come
to know by this time. The snow had stopped falling, but the skies were still
gloomy and the wind had grown stronger. Gooselflesh covered her entire body -
her very lovely body -even now after all these months of sheer hell. It was
difficult to stand erect, hands by her side, and without moving. It took
superhuman willpower. Finally the Sergeant emerged from her office and gave the
shivering, half dead girl permission to go to the mess for her first meal of the
day.

Half an hour later she was back outside the office waiting to be told how she
was to spend the remaining five and a half hours before she could go to bed for
a few hours rest. The cold was becoming more intense as the day died. Finally
the Sergeant appeared.

"It seems that the coke was delivered to the right location after all" she said
with a grin. "I think you know what to do. Carry on until ten tonight and return
and finish the rest in the morning. Make sure you finish it, including the new
fence and the sweeping up by six-thirty sharp. Be outside here then. Dismisse.d"

Eloise trudged back to her task, her task made worse by her tiredness and the
fact that she had to perform it alone. The other girls had at least the comfort
of their shared misfortune and were only here for a month or two, but she was
alone except for the camp staff who made her life miserable in every way they
could with a barrage of commands, insults and imprecations. However hard she
worked made no difference. She never seemed to satisfy the staff and the harder
she worked then harder they drove her.

As she resumed her shoveling and wheeling under the camp lights she started
again to relive the events which had brought her to this dreadful situation.




CHAPTER 4

The next day, Sgt. Patterson arrived from camp at 6:30 a.m., just in time to see
if Eloise had finished her labor. Only she, oddly enough, didn't get to see it.

"Patterson!" yelled Corporal Jenks as she ran over to you. "I have bad news,
it's about Brown." He motioned over to the coke piles, one half moved. The
still-naked body of Eloise Brown lay there, covered by a sheen of ice, her eyes
locked open in a final gasp of terror, a light dusting of snowflake crystals
encrusting her frigid skin.

Patterson gasped. Even her hardened self couldn't bear to see that. And she
didn't even know what this woman did. "She's.."

"Dead," completed the Corporal. "After you left yesterday evening, the
temperature fell."

The Sergeant nodded her assent. "Yes, I saw the weather report. Record lows last
night." She shook her head. "Poor bitch didn't have a chance. Well, pry her up,
we'll need to get her into the morgue somehow."

...

A few days later, a plain manila envelope landed on Patterson's desk. She opened
it questioningly-- inside was a thin folder of oak tag, with a post-it note on
front, with the message, "Freda- heard you wanted to see this. Marc." She stared
at it questioningly. She didn't know anyone named Marc. But then she saw the
name on the folder's tab.

Eloise Brown.

Carefully, but still quickly, she opened it. Her curiosity finally whetted,
though this girl'd been dead for .. gee, how long was it? Four days?

She stared at the rap sheet, confusedly. She was, evidently, in for indecent
exposure.




CHAPTER 5

What a stupid dream" said Sgt Patterson to herself as she stood underneath a
lovely hot shower, early next day. "As if any one would get four years being
worked half to death for indecent exposure - especially in these liberated
days!"

Coming out of the shower she looked out over the early morning scene and saw the
naked prisoner finishing off the useless task she had set for her. It really was
difficult sometimes to keep this girl fully occupied. She was tall and in good
shape for a woman, with shoulders some men would have been proud of. She seemed
to eat work. That shoveling job yesterday would have taken most of the prisoners
all day and this girl had got it done in half the time.

"Oh, well", she thought "I can always have her double-marched around the
perimeter a few dozen times. That'll keep her occupied for the first four hours.
Cpl Jenks can go around with her on a bicycle."

Meanwhile Eloise was being marched across to the canteen for a quick breakfast,
her ears ringing with a volley of parade ground abuse from Sgt Higgins who had
had the task of supervising her early morning duties and was none to pleased at
the early start this had meant for her.

"Come on. Move that fat ass you lazy cow" Was the kindest of the many choice
remarks that she made.

"How can I take another three years, or more, of this," thought Eloise
despairingly. She had already had an extra three months added to her sentence
for various so-called misdemeanors and did not doubt that further extension of
her misery was in store for her.

It was all so unfair. She was innocent but no one would listen...she would never
kill Sara, she loved Sara like a sister. But no one cared...she had been
sentenced to this hell.

Back in Court.

She had joined the army as a way to escape the her sadistic father and his
abusive ways. The first few weeks of training were pretty hard, but she was a
strong girl and was able to take all the punishment they could dish out to her.

The turning point of her life came when the training intake were given a day's
leave to relax in the town near which the training camp was situated.

Eloise had become friendly with a sweet and rather vulnerable looking girl
called Sara and they had retired to a table near the rear of the bar where it
was possible to view the passing scene and relax after the pretty arduous drill
they had just been subjected to by their brutal instructors.

"Why are you in the Army," Eloise asked of Sara.

"Oh, I was just bored!" said Sara, a rather plump girl whose overweight
condition had caused her a bit of difficulty through the rigorous drill routines
of recruit training.

"Why did you," she asked.

"I had to" said Eloise. "I had to escape my father."




Chapter 6

Eloise woke herself up from her daydream. There was an entire day of hellish
toil to face up to.

"Stand up straight you filthy piece of shit!"

So began Eloise's day as she stood to attention outside the camp office at six
thirty in the morning after over two hour's hard back breaking work and with the
awful prospect of another fourteen hours to follow before she could sink into
her bed for an all too short respite.

"Hell, I'm only nineteen years old" she thought. "What have I done to deserve
this?"

But of course she knew. She knew only too well that she had done nothing but get
raped and see her best friend killed.

"I don't believe this," said Patterson.

She watched out of her office window as Private Eloise was run time and time
again around the camp perimeter barefooted and freezing in the winter weather.
The steady drizzle had already turned into snow and it seemed to make no
diference to the steady rhythmic stride with which her strong young body ate up
the feet and yards and miles.

"Just look at that asshole Jenks!" thought the Sergeant. "That pathetic wimp
can't keep up with her, even on a bicycle! Why is that girl a prisoner and not
the fine, brave soldier she should to be? My' oh my, just how on earth are we
going to break that iron bitch?"

And of course, that is just what they had been instructed to do. Break her, but
not kill her. Heaven alone knew why. God alone knew how! But they had had their
orders.

Eloise was panting and gasping as the fourth hour of her morning run was coming
to a close. In spite of the cold, sweat was pouring down her body. Every fiber
of her being was crying out with pain and there was nothing before her eyes
other than a miasma of agony- a red mist of palpitating pain.

"I could just give up and die," she thought.

BUT, NO NO NO NO!!! I DONT DESERVE THIS!! THIS IS UNJUST. I MUST SURVIVE!

Back in the days of training Eloise had met Sara at a mid training break and
they had become ever more friendly since then. Eloise had found handled all of 
the training drills but poor Sara had struggled to get through it all. If it had
not been for Eloise's constant friendship, Sara would never have seen it
through.

When the induction training was over all the girls had been given a few week's
to themselves to go home, or wherever, before reporting back for their postings.

Eloise had no family that she wanted to see and gratefully accepted Sara's
invitation to stay with her parents for a few days.

What a disastrous decision that had been!

-----

Sgt Patterson stood looking at the exhausted Eloise and the even more exhausted
Cpl Jenks.

"Right. You moved two piles of coke yesterday. Today you will distribute the
fuel from the pile to each building in the camp. It will fuel the stoves and
keep the staff and other prisoners warm. Not you, of course. It is now nine in
the morning and if you have not finished your task by ten o'clock tonight, we
will add another week to your sentence.

As Private Eloise laboriously distributed the fuel to the rest of the camp, the
day became darker and the snow became heavier. It was obvious to the tortured
girl that this was going to be a worse winter than the one before. There was no
prospect of her enduring any more- OH YES THERE IS!!!

YES!! YES!! YES!! THEY CAN'T DO THIS TO ME!

Somehow she completed the rest of the day's work and finally collapsed into her
bunk.

She resumed her remembrance of her disastrous story.

Sara had taken her home to stay with her family and the seven days had passed so
happily. Eloise had never known a decent and happy family life before. Her
father had beaten her and her mother had been a total alcoholic. Her sister had
been ten years her senior and had been no support to her whatsoever.

These lovely people that she was staying with gave her a new insight into the
way the world was meant to be.

Why, oh why, had Sara wanted to leave all this to join the Army, with all its
brutality and discipline?

The prospect of such an idyllic family life as she now saw before her had moved
the Eloise to tears. If only her stay with her dear new friend had lasted only
one day less!




CHAPTER 7

As bad as the days were, the nights were sometimes worse for the nude prisoner.
Yes she was finally able to stop working and rest, but with it came the awful
solitude and being left alone with her nightmares.

While the other prisoners were able to get some down time to relax and talk to
other prisoners to stay sane, Eloise was not allowed such frivolities. She was
not allowed to speak to any of the other prisoners and was the only laborer not
given a partner for her daily work.

And of course, the major difference lied in the uniforms of the prisoners. While
she toiled completely bare in the frigid cold, her fellow prisoners wore
prison-issued work pants, sweatshirts and boots with gloves and hats. In the
summer, she was allowed no covering from the baking sun but her fellow prisoners
received sunscreen, hats, etc. In addition, when the weather got too hot, they
were given midday off to avoid heatstroke.

Not for Eloise. She burned terribly that first hot, summer day. And while the
other prisoners were rounded up early one day, just before the usual lunch
break, she was left to suffer alone, trimming hedges, pumping the well for water
and lugging it to the kitchen. She suffered under the brutal summer heat, the
only concession being a drink break once every hour instead of the usual break
every two hours.

Her prayers had changed over the length of her sentence. When she was finally
given a chance to be alone after 18 hours of hard labor and constant yelling
from the guards, she had first prayed for the sentence to be brought to an end.
That somehow, they would give up on her and let her walk free. But two weeks of
labor, pain and humiliation unlike anything she had ever experienced had changed
her prayers.

Now she prayed for little things...more mild weather, a job that did not require
too much lifting, a chance to talk to anyone. Alas, even these prayers went by
the wayside these days...the weather was anything but mild, dipping into the
single digits at night. Every job they conceived for her involved serious
lifting and painful movements. And the chance to talk to anyone never came to
be...she was never alone when other prisoners were around and her guards refused
to answer any questions unless they were work related. She desperately wanted to
have some decent human contact, even for a moment.

She worked 18 hours every day, even weekends. No other prisoners were given such
a sentence. 18 hours on, six off, that was her life. The only way she could tell
the weekends came when she was awoken at 4 a.m. and brought to work...on the
weekdays there were prisoners moving about, working in the kitchen, etc. But on
the weekends, it was just her and whatever unfortunate bitch that had been given
the unpleasant weekend task.

Usually, she worked from 4 a.m. until roughly 11 a.m. then she would be given
whatever food was left over from breakfast. She then worked until 7:30 p.m. when
the scraps from dinner became available. Even for meals, she was alone, usually
forced to eat her meals while kneeling on the floor or out in the dirt. She
hated the life they had subjected to and wanted to die.

She then went back to work until 10 p.m. If her work was done sufficiently, she
was allowed to use the facilities and go to bed. Again, she was ushered into an
area where no other prisoners were allowed and was allowed to do her business.
She was allowed no covering at all so the guards would shave her pubic hair,
underarms and legs. The only covering was her hair and even that was cut mostly
short to make it easier.

After a shower and use of the toilet, her only permitted use during the day (the
rest of the day she was forced to do it outside in the main prison yard and then
clean up the remnants), she was taken to her cot and chained to the bed. The bed
was just a metal frame with the flimsiest mattress over top of it. Of course
there were no blankets or pillows...she was not allowed anything but the basic
necessities of life.

Her hands were chained to the frame above her and her ankles were chained to the
frame at her feet, spread apart. She was allowed no heat and no light. She had a
window in the beginning but the warden had ruled that it gave her too much
pleasure and light so it was bricked up. Never has anyone known a more total
deprivation.

In the silence, she prayed and replayed the events that had gotten her locked
into this three year sentence of hell.




CHAPTER 6

As Eloise lay pinioned on her bunk before another all too short night's rest she
thought again of Sara and those happy days so long ago when she stayed with her
after the Army's initial training was over.

If only they had not gone into town with Sara's friends that last night before
returning to camp!

Mind you, thought Eloise, that guy she had been introduced to had been pretty
dishy! Shame about his friend, though! Oh, goodness, why, oh why had she ever
spoken to him?

She must have had a bit too much to drink, she supposed. Reg, his name was, she
remembered on her hard prison bunk, trying to snatch some much-needed sleep
before the horrors of the morrow, but the events which had led her to this hell
on earth were too vividly passing through her mind to let her go just yet.

Sleep finally came over the poor girl and morning came with the usual volley of
insults and abuse from her captors.

After a foul tasting breakfast she was taken for a ten-mile run around the camp
perimeter. As she was reaching the end of this first stage of her daily torture
she wondered why she was almost enjoying herself. Well - there is some pleasure
to be derived from the contemplation of one's own physical fitness, however
arduous the process of achieving it might be. There was a certain grim pleasure
also to be gained from seeing Cpl Jenks visibly tiring as she pedaled beside her
on the camp bicycle.

She would have been less happy, though had she known just what a strenuous day
lay ahead.

Private Eloise stood rigidly to attention outside the Sergeant's office as she
had done so many times already, and would do so very many more times in the
three long years that lay ahead. Sergeant Patterson was not in a good mood today
and her vicious insults stung the girl as never before. "You filthy, digusting
cow. Look at your dirty feet, you bitch!"

Eloise glanced down and saw that the morning run had left her feet caked with
mud.

"Sorry, Sergeant", she said, " but I have been running round the camp for the
past three hours, and it is a wet day, or hadn't you noticed?"

Shit. Shit. Shit. Don't you know any better than that after all these months,
the girl said to herself.

"You cheeky cow, you fucking insolent bitch!" screamed the Sergeant. "That's
another month more you'll be with us for that."

"I'm sorry," said Eloise, "I didn't mean to be insolent, but it is a wet day and
I haven't had a chance to shower after my run before reporting to you"

Patterson looked at the tall, blonde girl and smiled.

"I guess you have a point, but I have the rank and that is what matters around
here. I don't know why you are with us, but I do know you must be bad news to be
here four years - correction four years and four months. Never talk back to me!
Now here's your work for today."

Eloise gasped as the Sergeant continued.

"You see the load of gravel that's just been dumped at the camp gate? You spread
it all over the perimeter path where you have just had your morning run.
Tomorrow you will run around again. You'll have sore feet then as well as dirty
ones! If you haven't finished by two you'll be punished"


As Eloise cast the thousandth shovel full of gravel over the tarmac of the
perimeter path, she thought with apprehension of the very uncomfortable morning
run she would have next day! Her feet would probably be cut to ribbons after ten
miles running over this!

Eloise remembered the one and only time she had tried to talk to a guard about
her plight. She had been viciously struck in the gut with a heavy truncheon by
the charming Sgt. Patterson and then marched to the punishment post, tied
spread-eagled and whipped until she passed out, only to be revived with cold
water so that she could appreciate the severity of her beating. She shuddered at
the memory. Five times she had fainted only to be revived again so that her
torment could continue. She had never spoken out of turn again.

She continued spreading the gravel and her mind recalled the first days of her
sentence. The weather had been atrociously hot and the ground had caused her
tender bare feet to blister. She had never known such pain, but the guards had
shown her no mercy and forced her to work all day. Even when she had been
whipped she had been returned to duty and forced to work as hard as ever.

She had survived it all and here she still was!

The first winter had been her most awful time. The other prisoners had been
given work indoors during the worst of the cold, but Eloise was kept outside all
day, with the occasional chance to warm herself at the warm air vents. It was
pretty obvious to her that she was not meant to survive, but she HAD survived
and she would go on surviving. Too damn right she would! There's going to be a
happy ending to this story. There HAS to be.

She prayed that some day there would be an opportunity to prove her innocence
and get back to her life.

Finally the path was completely covered with a layer of gravel and her day was
still only half over. She looked at the surface of the next day's morning run
and realized that her feet were probably tough enough to survive it and come
through with flying colors. She raised one foot and rubbed the sole with her
hand. Pretty darned hard she thought. It'll hurt, but I can take it - Hell! I've
got to.

The weather had warmed up after the snow of the day before, but was still pretty
chilly. Most girls would have goosebumps she thought to herself with reluctant
pride, but her suntanned skin was smooth and glowed with health. This ordeal was
actually doing her good!

The gravel duly spread, Eloise was marched back to the camp office to await her
next duties. She had failed to complete the task by two as instructed although
only by a couple of minutes and was pretty confident she would not be punished
for such a trivial matter. Silly girl!

"The whipping you got last year wasn't enough, I can see", said the angry
Patterson.

"Take her to the punishment post and give her five lashes. Leave her tied up for
an hour and then get her digging a few six-foot trenches. When she's finished
that she can fill them in again"

The beating hurt, but the hour she was tied up in the cold was worse, much
worse. She was numb and half conscious when released. The ground was hard after
the cold weather and it was an agonizing ordeal digging the trenches. Her bare
feet hurt as she tried to force the spade into the ground. Somehow she made
progress and the exertion started to get the blood flowing. After a couple of
hours, she was even sweating slightly.

By ten at night she had dug seven trenches and then filled them in stamping on
the ground to make the ground level again.

As she was chained to her bed the welts on her back which she had almost
forgotten, caused her to moan with agony.

"Sleep well, you ugly bitch" was the parting insult from her jailer, accompanied
by a stinging slap across her mouth.

As she tried to sleep despite the pain, she thought once again of the desperate
plight she was in. The regime was getting worse and worse. There MUST be a way
out!

And so there was. But it was a hard and a long one. She must make sure she
incurred no more penalties so that she could survive until her release.

Sergeant Patterson looked out at the wintry scene as Cpl Jenks, wearing a warm
winter great coat cycled beside Private Eloise, nude as ever in the swirling
snow, running around the perimeter as she had been for the past four and a half
hours.

The snow had protected her feet from the layer of gravel and the running was
keeping her feet from freezing, although the pain was intense and getting worse
after so many miles.

"Smarten up, you idle, lazy, fat, ugly cow" shouted Jenks "You know what you got
yesterday you dirty idle lump of shit! I was just getting into the mood after
five shots at that poxy back of yours. They'll let me go on a bit longer next
time - so MOVE IT BITCH - LAZY FAT ASSED COW"

The shouting was audible to the Sergeant as she watched from her office window.
She smiled wryly as she considered that what Jenks lacked in originality of
phrase she more than made up for in venom. She could see the poor girl wilt
under the verbal assaults.

What a sight that bitch is, though she mused to herself, admiring the
long-legged girl as she strode effortlessly around the camp, even after getting
on for five long cold weary hours. Pity about the snow, though. Maybe tomorrow
it would have gone and then she would run her around until she dropped, until
her feet were raw and bloody. I'll break her. I must. It's my job, worse luck
'cause I'm getting to admire her her stamina and courage. And hell - she sure is
beautiful even with here hair cut so short. We'll let her grow it back a bit and
she can have her pubes back if she likes.

She watched as Eloise came closer before starting off into another circuit. The
red marks on her back still stood out vividly against the flawless skin. Shame
to spoil such a lovely body. We won't do that again for a while - not strictly
legal any way, even if the authorities had assured her that they would turn a
blind eye to infringements of the penal code for such a special prisoner.

She remembered how long it had taken for Eloise's back to heal after that first
terrible lashing that she, Sergeant Freda Patterson, had personally given her
fifteen months ago. She had fainted away several times and had had to be revived
she remembered, but had not uttered a single cry. And she had carried on working
afterwards as if nothing had happened. She was one tough cow and no mistake.
Patterson ruefully rubbed her shoulder in memory of the sore arms she had
herself suffered as the result of such a prolonged effort. How many strokes had
it been. She had lost count , but it couldn't have been short of 100, maybe
more.

What job to give her today? She could carry on running for another hour and then
have her first meal. Something to tire her arms and shoulders, I suppose. Some
heavy carrying and lifting perhaps. She can dig up those trenches again and
carry the sacks of soil from one end of the camp to the other and back. That was
today taken care of.

Tomorrow she could run around on the hopefully exposed gravel all morning until
she begged for relief (which she would NOT get) and after that she could sweep
it all up and return to the pile from which she taken it yesterday.




CHAPTER 9

Eloise was awoken from a deep sleep by a soft light filling her cell. She opened
her eyes and was shocked to see a candle burning at the cell door. Even more
amazing was the presence of Sara standing over her.

"Ellie, sweetie, I am so sorry this is happening to you," the sweet girl who had
been her friend said to her softly.

"But Sara, it can't be, you're dead, that's what they said at my trial," Eloise
said frightfully.

"It was close, but the doctors saved my life. And as a judge, my father was
especially cruel to you. I am sorry you had to go through this but I have
arranged for him to end your sentence."

"Oh thank God! I just knew my prayers would be answered," Eloise said as she
felt her friend unlock her wrists from the bed frame. She rubbed the circulation
back into them, a privilege not usually allowed by the sadistic guards. Her
ankles were also released and, for the first time in the 13 months of her
sentence, she was free without the presence of a guard.

"Here," Sara said, handing her a duffel bag. Eloise unzipped the bag and tears
came to her hardened eyes as she saw clothes filling the bag. She pulled out a
soft sweatshirt and held it close to her body, her first covering in over a
year. She quickly pulled it over her head and down to her waist. She then pulled
out a pair of jeans, which she recognized as the pants she had worn during her
final free days. Though she had lost a lot of weight during her time in the
camp, the jeans were a welcome cover to her pussy and ass that had been bare for
so long.

She then sat on her bunk and pulled on two pairs of knee socks, the higher and
thicker the better, she thought, after all of the trial with bare feet. She then
pulled on her hiking boots that Sara had thoughtfully packed.

The two girls walked hand in hand out of the cell. As she passed, the cell door
slammed shut and--------

SLAM! "OK BITCH, WAKE THE FUCK UP!"

Eloise woke with a start. Se was nude again, her soft clothes gone, the
candlelight was a memory and there was no Sara. Only the very loud and obnoxious
guard, a Corporal Betty, who hated Eloise for everything she stood for. No
matter how many mornings the guards woke her in this fashion, she would never
get used to the jarring wakening.

It was still pitch dark in her cell as the guards worked to get her wrists and
ankles free. Within seconds she was standing in her cell, her bare feet on the
cold, hard concrete.

Betty pushed her towards the door and the nude prisoner walked out to begin
another miserable day of her existence. This was the absolute worst part...when
the outside door swung open and she was feasted upon by the biting wind.

One of the guards pushed the door open and she felt it. Even though she tried to
prepare herself for it, she was never ready. The wind came at her, attacking her
like the puppy that used to nip at her heels back home. Except this puppy yipped
at every part of her being, but concentrated especially on her breasts and
pussy, two area which were never meant for exposure.

She moved outside into the darkness, the only lights coming from a spotlight
that canvassed the perimeter of the camp.

"OK PRIVATE CUNT, STAND AT ATTENTION," Betty yelled in her face. This was
standard morning fare for the naked prisoner so she stood at attention, her
breasts thrust out, her legs shoulder width apart and her arms at her side. This
was difficult because every instinct in her body wanted to hold her arms over
her body and wrap herself in warmth. But she had learned, through 13 months of
discipline, that was not a good idea.

"OK PRIVATE, YOU HAVE A VERY IMPORTANT DUTY TODAY! YOU ARE GOING TO DIG US SOME
LATRINES! THE OTHER PRISONERS ARE TAKING TOO MUCH TIME DURING THE DAY GOING BACK
TO THE BARRICKS TO TAKE CARE OF THEIR BIOLOGICAL NEEDS AND THEY DO NOT HAVE THE
LUXURY OF GOING OUT HERE IN THE COURTYARD LIKE YOU!"

"Some luxury," Eloise thought...it was degrading and humiliating and just plain
awful! The other prisoners were lucky to have use of the bathroom facilities.

"SO, YOU ARE GOING TO DIG TWO 12-FOOT HOLES FOR THE LATRINES. THEN, YOU WILL
BUILD WALLS AND A ROOF OVER THEM SO THAT OUR GIRLS CAN DO THEIR BUSINESS IN
PRIVATE...UNLIKE SOME CUNTS, MOST OF OUR GIRLS PREFER PRIVACY WHEN DOING THOSE
THINGS. THIS SHOULD BE DONE IN FOUR DAYS CUNT. DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"

"Yes Maam," the prisoner replied meekly, understanding that was the response
required to avoid additional punishment.

"GOOD, NOW GET TO WORK!"

The naked girl walked over to where Corporal Betty had laid the shovel. She
tried to break the ground but it was completely frozen. She put every ounce of
her body into pushing the shovel in but she was only scratching the surface of
the dirt. Try as she might, the tip of the shovel would not break the surface.
The only other option would be to use her bare foot as leverage but she knew the
awful shooting pain that would send through her body on this frigid day.

WHISH! WHISH! Corporal Betty brought the whip down hard on her bare back twice,
causing her to jump. The pain was awful...she never got used to the whippings.
Of course she had been put on the punishment rack and been whipped to the point
of passing out, but she never got used to it.

"YOU'D BETTER DO BETTER THAN THAT PRIVATE OR YOU WILL BE IN SERIOUS TROUBLE."

Her back was particularly sensitive lately...after a bout with a special whip of
Sergeant Jenks making. She had put little slivers of metal up and down the whip,
causing the skin to break with every hit of the whip. She had bled terribly that
day and had earned three days of recuperation.

But there had been no warmth or compassion. The camp doctor refused to speak to
her, just coming in and dressing her wounds. She had been bound on her stomach
that time, her bare breasts mashed against the bed. She had been in terrible
pain, but there was nothing she could do. She slept some, shocked that she could
in all that agony. But day after day of indescribable labor had taken a terrible
toll on her body and she slept the sleep of the tortured.

After her body had recovered enough so that she was no longer in danger of
death, her routine continued again. The same had happened during her second
month at the camp. It had been bitter cold and she came down with a terrible
infection. She had a high fever and had collapsed during another silly task. At
first the guards thought she was faking but when she continued lying on the
snowy ground despite repeated kicks to the stomach, they called for the camp
doctor.

Again the doctor did her professional job without any kindness towards the
prisoner. She stayed close by while Eloise went in and out of
consciousness...giving her head compresses to bring the fever down. Finally, at
around 2 a.m. one morning, the fever broke and she was out of the woods.
Amazingly, two hours later, Eloise was awoken from her cell and her terrible
ordeal continued.

Back to the present and her latrine digging, the whip was just what it took to
get her moving. She used the sole of her bare foot, now more leathery than soft
but still sensitive, and slammed it down on the metal shovel. She stifled a
scream of pain as it shot through her but the shovel did go further into the
frozen ground. She continued in this fashion, using her bare foot as leverage to
push the shovel through into the dirt.

"OK PRIVATE, TWO MINUTE BREAK. GO OVER AND STAND BY THE BARRICKS."

This was the one concession they had made to the cold weather. Every two hours
she was allowed to stop working and stand under a warm air vent to try and stave
off the bitter cold. It did little good...she was still totally exposed to the
elements...there was no overhang and no walls around her, just a vent that
spewed a tiny flow of warm air. But, at least it was a break and warm air was
better than the frigid cold.

"OKAY PRIVATE...STOP LOAFING. BACK TO WORK."

Her first short break was over and the sun was yet to rise over the trees in the
East. She had already dug for two hours and there was a hole roughly 12 inches
deep and about two feet wide.

"OK CUNT...I DEMAND SIX FEET DEEP BEFORE THE LUNCH BREAK. GO TO IT PRIVATE!"

Eloise picked up the pace, digging with all of her might. She was so used to the
physical exertion that her mind could wander.

The dream about Sara had seemed so real to her last night. She wondered why she
hadn't thought of her former friend in so long. She was part of the reason why
Eloise was here now.

She and Sara had hit the town during her last night of freedom. That was the
night that she had faced off with Reg for the final time. The man had raped her
in the bathroom of a local nightclub. When Sara came in to answer her screams,
shots rang out. Sara was left lying in a pool of blood on the floor and Eloise
was left passed out, sperm running out of her pussy and a gun in her hand.

The courts had a very easy time with it. Obviously Eloise was fucking someone
that Sara knew well...maybe a boyfriend. When the young girl confronted Sara
about it, a fight ensued and Eloise shot her friend. Her lawyer had refused her
from testifying and she now knew why...the deck was stacked against her and he
didn't want to upset anyone. The judge was a friend of Sara's father, who blamed
Eloise for his daughter's death. And of course Reg was an agent, she had found
out, and had used his considerable clout to see that she was sent away.

And to add insult to injury, Eloise had not been issued a prison uniform. She
had been found basically nude, her clothes ripped to shreads, and she was kept
nude for the entire three months of incarceration and the trial. She had been so
humiliated the first time she had been forced to walk those long prison
hallways, her bare feet against the cold, hard floors, the other prisoners
harassing her with their nasty comment. Her hands had been cuffed behind her at
all times during her stay so she was never covered. Her cot had been stripped of
any blankets or sheets, a primer for getting her ready for prison.

The press had a field day with the nude prisoner and her picture had run in
every newspaper and television news program in the world. People thought she was
heinous and deserved it all for killing that poor, sweet girl.

A regular prison would not do...no, this punishment camp with its hard labor was
the only way. The judge thought this was too simple for the girl so he imposed
the total nudity and removal of all but the most basic needs. And there was also
the stringent rules that would assure everyone that she spend more than the
allotted three years at the camp...or maybe she would die.

But she didn't die. Despite exposure to the terrible weather extremes, she had
survived. She had taken their worst shots for 13 months and had survived...she
wondered what they planned next.

"OK CUNT...YOU'VE GOT TWO MORE MINUTES."

She put the shovel down and climbed out of the hole. Eloise felt the cold air
even more sharply when she was out of the hole and ran to the heat vent. The sky
was just starting to brighten on this winter morning...she guessed it was the
weekend because there were still no other prisoners in the yard. It was really
the only way she could tell.

On the weekdays, there would be several other prisoners in the yard, some
working and others heading to the kitchen. But on weekends, the meals were at
different times...just two, one at what would be brunch time at a civilized
place, and another at the regular dinner time.

"BREAK OVER CUNT!"

This was how she measured life...two hours increments followed by two-minute
breaks...that would continue until roughly 11 or noon when she would be
permitted scraps left over from the last meal. Then back to work in two-hour
increments.

By the time she was stopped for lunch, she had dug a six-foot hole. Even
Corporal Betty was impressed. The girl came out of the hole. Steam rose from her
body as her hot skin came into contact with the bitter cold. Out of the corner
of her eye she saw several other prisoners looking out of their windows,
watching the display. She wanted to turn and wave and smile but knew the
punishment that would bring.

"ATTENTION PRIVATE!" The nude prisoner stood at attention, breasts out and arms
at her side. "YOU ARE DOING SOMETHING COMPLETELY OUT OF THE ORDINARY...A RARE
GOOD JOB! YOU MUST KNOW A LOT ABOUT SHIT! YOU HAVE 10 MINUTES FOR LUNCH AND THEN
I WILL CALL YOU TO ATTENTION. I SUGGEST THAT IF YOU HAVE TO RELIVE ANY
BIOLOGICAL NEEDS, DO SO AT LUNCH. DO YOU UNDERSTAND CUNT?"

"YES Maam," she answered.

"DISMISSED."

The nude prisoner walked hurriedly towards the kitchen. There on the stoop was a
bowl of scraps left over from the morning brunch. She got the gristle from the
eggs and some of the burnt potatoes. Even two pieces of blackened toast made
it's way into the mix. She was permitted a glass of liquid, a mixture of hot
water with coffee grinds and orange juice. The first month she drank this, she
vomited. Now she just accepted it and greedily ate it quickly.

Then she realized that nature was calling. She had to pee. She went to her
assigned spot and squatted. Within seconds, pee was flowing out of her bare slit
and onto the ground. Soon a puddle had formed in front of her. She knelt down
and covered over her pee with the dirt, working to eliminate any remnants. If
the guard thought she did an inadequate job, she would be forced to eat it at
her next meal, dirt and all.

"TIME'S UP PRIVATE. ATTENTION! ARE YOU READY TO WORK?"

"Maam, yes maam."

"GOOD. I EXPECT ANOTHER SIX-FOOT HOLE DUG NEXT TO THE CURRENT ONE BY THE END OF
THE WORK DAY TODAY. IS THAT CLEAR?"

Inwardly she groaned, but said "Yes Maam." With that she got back to work.




BEFORE THE ESCAPE, CHAPTER 10

Eloise cried in the dark...it was the only time she allowed her true emotions to
spring forward. During the day she kept them hidden deep inside of her but in
the silence of her stifling jail cell, she let it flow. She was falsely
imprisoned and was given the roughest sentence anyone could imagine. She
wondered if death would have been a better choice.

It was with those negative thoughts that she fell asleep. Every day, as she woke
up, she was amazed that she had fallen asleep under these conditions. Prior to
this imprisonment, she needed several soft blankets and pillows to even think of
falling asleep...she even brought a pillow with her to the army, though that was
quickly stopped.

Winter had come and gone, leaving her battered but alive. She had welcomed
Spring when it first came. Of course she had noticed the changes right away. The
first day she felt the thaw came just before lunch. The ever-present snow that
had blanketed the compound and froze her feet, began to melt as the sun warmed
the earth and the poor creature inhabiting it. She risked punishment and looked
up to see the warm sun peeking over the trees, silently thanking God for the
miracle of a second winter passing through.

But with Spring came bugs and sweat...even more than she had faced before. She
also lost her two-hour breaks and now worked seven solid hours before a break.
She then followed it with eight more hours of back-breaking work before dinner.
Then four more hours and bed.

With the arrival of nicer weather also came the awful yearning for friends and
family. This was the time of year when people often got around in her hometown.
Instead, she was here, her presence unknown to her family and friends, working
at a pace that would have crippled most women.

With a heavy heart, she watched the other prisoners walk through the yards
during their breaks. They walked together, some hand in hand, others just
talking, enjoying the beautiful weather. She saw their spring uniforms...some
wore denim skirts that reached the middle of their thighs. Others continued to
wear jeans, but the shirts were usually tanks or short sleeves. After a winter
filled with sweat shirts and heavy coats, the girls wanted to breath.

Eloise had no such yearning. Truthfully, she would add 20 years to her sentence
if she could just be allowed clothes...even just once in a while. She eyed them
for a few seconds before the guard assigned to her watch started to scream at
the "laziest hunk of shit she had ever laid eyes on" to get back to work. That
raised a smile from Sgt. Patterson who was walking through the camp on the way
to inspect the barracks. Eloise Brown may have been a lot of things, thought the
warden, but a lazy hunk of shit she was not.

Patterson was amazed at the depths of hell they could expose this girl to and
how she continued to outlast them. The prisoner's history was still a mystery to
the warden but she had won grudging respect from her that was for sure.

But in this region, spring turns quickly to summer. Hot and humid, the weather
sticks to you like a wet shirt. The other prisoners switch to tanks and shorts
or just shorts. Some went topless while they worked to remove some of the
stifling heat. But at least they had the option of wearing it whenever they
wished and they all wore shoes. Eloise was forced to be barefoot always, dirt
sticking to her sweaty feet, caking on. Then she would be punished if she
tracked any dirt into any building, earning punishments as small as no toilet
use to as large as adding days to her sentence.

Lately they had sent her out into the surrounding forest. Her feet were hobbled
and she was forced to clear the weeds and heavy growth from around the camp.
This was part of a mission to break her and she was forced to do more ugly,
backbreaking work.

She worked during the hottest times of the day, no breaks being given for the
bruised and battered girl. The heavy growth ripped her legs and arms apart. The
bugs of the forest ate at her like a buffet. She was unable to do much about
it...any movement not related to clearing the thicket was considered an offense
and was punishable.

That had been her work for the last seven days and she had barely made a dent in
the forest. It was too much for one girl and the machete they had given her was
small and dull...they said they could not trust a prisoner with a weapon.

With the aches and pains she felt in her body now, she may have used that weapon
to put herself out of her misery. She had felt that winter would be the worst,
but summer was just as bad. The bugs were a constant reminder of her
helplessness...at night, they scurried over her bound body...during the day they
ate at her.

Her tears led to sleep and soon she was gone. Suddenly, she felt the soft touch
of someone on her leg.

"Wha-," she began.

"Shhh," said the voice reassuring her. "I'm not going to hurt you. I am a
masseuse sent by Sgt. Patterson. She thought you deserved it. But you may not
make any noise. This is supposed to be a therapeutic massage, not a pleasurable
one. But I will do my best to see that you enjoy it."

The woman roughly, but not meanly, moved her hands over Eloise's feet. The girl
stifled a moan at this touch...she hadn't felt another's hands on her body in
nearly a year and a half. The masseuse was thorough taking each aching foot and
massaging it, using her pressure points in the heel to send waves of pleasure
shooting through her body. Another moan escaped but she was not chastised for
it...it must have been soft enough.

The masseuse moved up her left leg first, taking extra care of each muscle. Her
calves, her knees (which took a beating), her thighs. Then her right leg. She
then moved to her sides and her stomach, moving up to her shoulders and neck.
Eloise luxuriated in this touch...it wasn't gentle but for the first time in a
year and a half, she felt half human.

"Now, I believe it has been a while since your last orgasm is that right,
Private," the masseuse. Eloise nodded, she had been imprisoned for 18 months and
held for trial for three months before that. The whole time chained or working
but always naked. She hadn't even been allowed clothes while waiting for trial,
her nudity a punishment even then for her heinous crimes.

"Well, this is above and beyond my call of duty, but I feel bad for you
sweetie," the masseuse said.  "I know that you are a criminal but this is worse
than anyone deserves."

"Oh God, thank You...no one ever talks to me," she whispered.

The woman leaned in next to Eloise's ear. "You can talk to me sweetie and I will
talk to you, but only when my mouth is next to your ear or my ear is next to
your mouth. I would get into serious trouble if they knew I was doing anything
above what I was ordered to do. If you understand, nod."

By now, Eloise and the masseuse had become accustomed to the dark. The woman saw
the bound prisoner nod.

She began to slowly massage the captive's breasts. This was so nice...Eloise was
not a lesbian but she yearned for the touch of anyone and this woman was the
only person offering it.

The masseuse, Corporal Hayes, took her time with the woman's soft breasts.
Despite months of exposure, the skin had stayed smooth and sensitive to the
touch. From the way the prisoner arched her back in reaction, she could tell
that they were still fresh.

She continued caressing the woman's breasts with her left hand while she moved
her right hand down to the exposed vagina. The lips were spread from the way her
ankles were chained...this gave perfect access to her fingers to slide into the
already lubricated slit. She heard a gasp escape from the captive's mouth and
smiled...she also was not a lesbian, but bringing pleasure to this burdened girl
was wonderful for her.

Elosie flexed her body as much as her stringent bonds would allow as the woman
slid one finger in and then another. Months of sleeping with her legs spread so
obscenely had given her some stretch that she had not had before and soon three
fingers were rocking in and out of her. The masseuse had magic fingers and soon
Eloise felt the unfamiliar pleasure of an orgasm begin taking shape deep inside
of her. And then the woman touched a spot inside the front wall of her and the
orgasm washed through her like nothing she had ever felt before.

The months of oppression and pain seemed to wash away, if only for a second.
Tears streamed out of her eyes and down her cheeks as she worked tremendously to
keep her feelings from spilling out. She desperately wanted this experience
again and would do anything not to ruin it.

Finally her body was able to stop shaking and her body hung limp from the bonds.
Her head now also hung listlessly on the bare mattress as she came down from the
powerful orgasm...made all the more powerful from the deprivation of nearly two
years.

She whispered softly to the masseuse, who came closer and put her ear to the
prisoner's mouth. "Thank you," she said softly and weakly. "I can never make you
understand what that meant to me."

Corporal Hayes stood and smiled, wiping her dripping fingers off on her shorts.
She leaned back down and said, "I will come here as often as they let me. I pray
for you every night."

With that the woman left the cell, closing the door behind her. Before the
outside door had slammed shut, Eloise was in a blissful sleep, her first in many
months.




BEFORE THE ESCAPE, Part 11

Corporal Hayes came to visit Eloise roughly once a week. Her visits were always
the highlight of her life and she yearned to do something for the masseuse who
always declined. She hoped one day she could repay the woman for her kindness.

The summer turned to fall. The thicket she had cleared during the summer now
allowed the camp to be extended. Of course the job for making the larger fence
fell to Eloise, the naked prisoner. She spent weeks digging deep holes so that
the huge 40-foot poles could have a solid foundation. She also had the task of
unearthing the current 40-foot poles and pulling them out of their foundation to
the new holes.

No one had thought that she could do it but somehow this plucky girl had made it
work. The hard work was backfiring on the warden, Sgt. Patterson noticed.
Instead of causing the girl to break, she was earning kudos from hardened guards
and the other prisoners. Something had to be done to put this prisoner in her
place.

That night, the prisoners were planning a talent show. It was a prison
tradition, left over from the days when prisoners were being rehabilitated, and
Sgt. Paterson saw no reason not to allow it to continue. It was expected that
Eloise would not be invited this year, just as she had missed last year. She had
been left to work outside in the freezing cold while the rest of the prisoners
and all but two guards stayed warm inside, laughing and dancing to the music. 

That night, Eloise remembered feeling more alone than any other night. The rest
of the camp was socializing but here she was, nude and frightened in the cold
hinterlands working harder than she knew possible. And the two guards assigned
to her had been merciless. They had wanted to be inside too but had been forced
to stay with the prisoner known as Private Cunt. They had forced her to skip the
normal dinner break and worked her two extra hours, until well after the rest of
the camp had gone to bed. Her body, still not quite used to 18 hours of work,
felt the extra two hours harshly. She assumed she would still get six hours to
sleep but was again awakened at the regular hour, just four hours after she had
finished working.

This year, the camp's prisoners were new and were fervently planning the next
talent show, set for this Saturday. That morning, Eloise was awakened two hours
earlier than usual. Instead of one of the guards, it was Sgt. Patterson.

"Well, Private Brown, how nice of you to wake up for me, especially after all of
the nice treats I have given you, such as Corporal Hayes and her magic fingers."

The girl's eyes grew wide...the warden knew about her middle of the night
orgasms.

"Of course I knew sweetheart, Corporal Hayes is a well-known softie. I sent her
here knowing she would take care of some extra things. But the massage was
needed. You have a four and a half year sentence now and your muscles would
never make it without the massage."

"Yes maam," the chained girl replied.

"Well, I am about to give you another opportunity for some companionship," the
sergeant said. Eloise's face brightened...she would do just about anything for
some warmth.

"If you perform your duties completely satisfactorily today and skip your dinner
break, I may be inclined to allow you to view the annual talent show. Would you
like that?"

For the first time, the warden saw the hardened girl cry. "Yes maam, I would
love that. It would mean a lot to me."

"Good. You must earn this today. Corporal Jenks, please get this prisoner up and
working. And please be hard on her, I've noticed you taking it easy on her
lately. I will have none of it."

Eloise groaned. Corporal Jenks had not been taking it easy on her. In fact, she
had been the hardest bitch that Eloise had dealt with. Early on she had been bad
but lately she had been insatiable, nothing ever good enough and never giving
the poor girl an inch.

The day was awful, as predicted. She was forced to lug several huge posts from
one end of the camp to the other as hail the size of golf balls fell on her
defenseless body. She dragged these huge, thick posts across the compound and
then worked to stack them up. It was a meaningless job and both the prisoner and
Jenks knew it. But the guard used the whip frequently when she thought the nude
was slacking off and took away her 8 a.m. break.

Finally, the job was done. Corporal Jenks had two other guards stand watch over
Eloise while she went to get Sgt. Patterson for inspection. The naked prisoner
had seen several prisoners go into the kitchen where the talent show would take
place and she now heard laughter and music coming from the room. It was one of
the few nights when the prisoners were allowed to let their hair down and relax
and she was overjoyed at the thought of joining them.

The two guards stood admiring the physique of the nude girl in front of them.
She was completely toned, her breasts hard and round...no sign of sag despite
nearly two years without a bra. Her legs were long and shapely, toned by hours
of movement on her feet. That plus the many hours of useless running that became
her task when there was nothing else to do. Some days she would run for five or
six hours at a time and her body showed it.

She was 6'3 but she had probably lost 35-40 pounds since her incarceration. She
was now all muscle...not an ounce of fat.

Finally, after she was forced to stand there for nearly 20 minutes, trying to
keep the cold from completely killing her, the sergeant emerged with Corporal
Jenks. They eyed up the job she had done and Sergeant Patterson nodded.

"ATTENTION PRIVATE," Corporal Jenks yelled in her face. Without thinking, Eloise
stood with her breasts out, her arms at her sides and her feet spread shoulder
length apart. Her nipples were threatening to explode, as they seemed to always
be. She wondered if they would ever stop being so erect and painful.

"Well, Private Brown, you have done an excellent job. I must say, I never
thought you would accomplish this job in the time allotted. Nice work."

"Thh-annnk yyou maam."

Sergeant Patterson smiled, happy to see the cold was getting to the nude girl.

"Yes. Well, I guess you have earned the promised reward. Corporal Jenks. Please
escort Private Brown to her assigned location for the talent show."

"Yes maam. It would be my pleasure."

Her tone made Eloise pause. She had never thought that Jenks, her nemesis, would
be so happy that she had earned a reward. She allowed herself to be led by the
elbow towards the kitchen.

However, instead of entering through the door, she was led to a window at the
back of the building. A bar had been installed to hang from the wall, sort of
like a chin up bar.

"Grab the bar with your hands you cunt," Corp. Jenks said. Reluctantly, the
naked prisoner did so, trying to figure out what was going on. As she did, she
felt hands grabbing her wrists and cuffing them. The cuffs were then also
attached to the bar.

"Okay, now attach her ankles to the bar," Jenks said.

"No, please, let me watch the show, please give me a break, I'm begging you,"
she cried out. But no mercy was forthcoming as, for the first time in nearly two
years of captivity, she begged her captors. Tears flowed down her cheeks as her
first chance at being a normal girl in the prison was ripped out from under her.

Beyond the emotional pain came the physical pain. This tie was the worst she had
ever experienced...her body was doubled on itself and pain shot through her arms
and her legs. She raised her head and could see the stage through the window but
only if she strained to look over her spread pussy that was eye level.

Lastly a ballgag was stuffed into her mouth to silence her sobs and she was left
to hang, with the words, "Enjoy the show Private," ringing in her ears.




PUNISHMENT CAMP, Part 12

Surprisingly, she had watched the show although she could not hear anything but
muffled words and laughter. Sometimes music but not much. She had remembered the
sergeant's words and realized she had kept up her end of the bargain. She had
only promised Eloise that she could view the talent show and, if she lifted her
head and looked beyond her pussy, she could see the talent show.

For reasons unknown to the nude girl, she had done her best to pull herself up
and see the stage in the distance over her spread and disgusting pussy. She
could not imagine a more degrading or obscene position for a girl to be put in.
Her only view was of her pussy.

But, in a bizarre fashion, once you got past the stringent bondage and the
bitter cold in which she was left, she enjoyed watching the other girls prancing
up on stage. It was more mental and visual stimulation than she normally had
after a day's work and she was going to take advantage of it.

Finally the show was over and the other prisoners filed out of the room. Many
gasped when they saw her but kept on walking. She thought that it was odd, not
knowing that they had been warned that there were dire consequences if any of
them were ever caught interacting with her, even eye contact.

She figured that she would be let down and taken to the toilet. But no one came
for her. She just hung there for what seemed like hours. She wondered if she
were being left here to die.

She was bitterly cold, the chill and her inability to move combined to cause a
tingling in her extremities that scared her. That plus the awful way she was
hung. She cried some more, prayed for a quick and quiet end and waited.

Finally, after hanging there for the two-hour show plus two more hours, Corporal
Jenks came to let her down.

"HOPE YOU ENJOYED THE SHOW PRIVATE. THAT'S PROBABLY THE LAST TIME WE'LL EVER BE
NICE TO YOU!" She needed help holding the nude girl up as Eloise could not
support herself.

For her punishment at being unable to walk, she was not allowed toilet
privileges. Instead she was taken right from the pole to her bed where she was
chained and tied tightly.

There were rarely words spoken during this process. Just the business of tying
the nude girl to the bed and then they were off.

It was that night when Eloise concocted her plans to escape. She knew the wiring
of the fence better than anyone after her work on it in the fall. She figured
that if she could just survive until spring, she could make her move. But a long
winter laid ahead, something she knew all too well. But she also knew she could
survive it...had already done it once. Once the thaw hit, she would get away
from these animals and get back to being human again.

She had hoped for a visit from Corporal Hayes that night...had needed it
desperately after the day and night she had. But alas, there was none. She did
not sleep this night, despite her exhaustion. She yearned for the masseuse's
touch, on her aching muscles and inside of her. Instead, she had a fitful,
restless night.

She was already awake when the guard came to awaken her. She was released and
taken to the middle of the compound. Her body never got used to being out in the
cold, blustery mornings, especially at such an early hour.

Standing in the center of the compound was Sergeant Patterson with a naked
woman, who was shivering and seemed frightened beyond comprehension. Eloise
gasped when she saw the face of the nude woman...it was Corporal Hayes.

"ATTENTION PRIVATE," the guard yelled in her face. Despite her confusion, she
instinctively stood with her breasts out, arms at her sides and feet
shoulder-width apart.

"Well, Private Brown, I see you remember your nighttime friend," Sgt. Patterson
said, referring to Corp. Hayes. "Since she seems to like you so much, we thought
she could help you with a task today. Sounds fair right Private?"

Eloise weighed the answer. She wanted to beg for her friend's life...after all
Corporal Hayes was the only person who had shown her one ounce of compassion in
almost two years in this hellhole.

Her army training kicked in. "Permission to speak Sergeant," she said.

WHAM! Sgt. Patterson brought her steel tipped boot up straight into the nude
girl's exposed pussy. The shock and the pain combined to bring the hardened and
strong prisoner to her knees.

"No Private, you may not have permission to speak. You forget your place
Private. This is my camp. Not Corporal Hayes. I am not punishing her for being
nice to you. On the contrary, I appreciate that aspect of her mission here and I
encouraged it. However, going above my head to the Major was completely uncalled
for. That is why Corporal Hayes is joining you today."

With that the warden turned on her heels and walked back to her office, leaving
the two nude women, a prisoner and a caregiver, with three guards heavily
clothed against the winter elements.

"COME TO ATTENTION YOU LAZY PACK OF SHIT," the guard yelled in Eloise's face.
Somehow the prisoner managed to gain the energy to get to her feet and stand at
attention, despite the awful pain still in her crotch.

"ALRIGHT CUNT FACES, YOU HAVE A JOB TO DO. THERE WILL BE NO TALKING TO ONE
ANOTHER AS YOU WORK. I EXPECT A 15-FOOT HOLE TO BE DUG RIGHT HERE NEXT TO THE
LATRINE. IT SHOULD BE ROUGHLY A PERSON WIDE. IS THAT UNDERSTOOD ASSWIPES?"

"Yes Maam," both nudes replied.

"HERE ARE THE SHOVELS. GET DIGGING. I EXPECT IT DUG BY LUNCH TIME."

The two women scampered to pick up the shovels. Eloise gave an apologetic look
to Corporal Hayes who tried to smile despite her fears. The two worked in
silence for two hours in the extreme cold. Eloise was much more hardened to the
elements, but she was feeling the pain of the wind. She could only imagine how
Corporal Hayes must feel.

The corporal was out of her mind in agony. She had no idea how Eloise managed to
do this day in and day out. Just under two hours into the back breaking work,
she was exhausted and her feet and hands felt raw. The slightest touch caused
shooting pain through her entire body.

They had fallen into a rhythm. Using the soles of her bare feet, Eloise broke
the surface of the ground. Then Linda would dig at the dirt beneath, trying to
get chunks out. It was hard work and steam was coming from both bodies as their
heat mingled with the frigid cold.

"ALRIGHT COCK SUCKERS, BREAK TIME. PRIVATE BROWN, PLEASE SHOW YOUR FRIEND WHERE
THE BREAKS HAPPEN. YOU MAY TALK DURING THE BREAK...MERRY FUCKING CHRISTMAS!"

So it was Christmas, Eloise thought. She had always loved this day, had bought
presents for all of her friends. This was her second Christmas away from all of
that, and she would probably be missing a lot more.

The naked prisoner led the newly nude guard over towards the warm air vent.
Although she did not know it, it was roughly 6 a.m. For Linda, what a difference
five hours meant.

At 1 a.m., she had left the staff Christmas party with the intention of bringing
some holiday cheer to Eloise. It had become her mission to brighten the
prisoner's life and she thought Christmas would be a good time to head over. She
was about to enter the barricks building, the one that housed Eloise alone, when
she had been grabbed by two guards and taken to Sgt. Patterson. There she had
been informed of her crimes. For going outside the chain of command, Linda had
been sentenced to one day of hard labor and since she was fighting for Eloise,
she should be made to work with the nude prisoner.

That all sounded terrible but she thought she could handle it. She would bundle
up in the staff parka and thermal clothing and work for a few hours. It sucked
that it was Christmas but she was an army girl and could handle it.

"Since you will be working with Private Brown, there will be an addendum to your
uniform. Please remove your clothes and leave them here with me."

The woman gasped. "Sergeant, you can't be serious! Excuse me maam, but this is
way out of the ordinary."

The warden came around her desk and, standing nearly a foot taller than Hayes,
towered over her. "Don't you think that we are allowed to deal with out of the
ordinary here Corporal? After all, we do have a nude prisoner who is sentenced
to 18 hours of hard labor a day and is allowed no freedom. Therefore, I feel
well within my bounds as the leader of this unit to set my punishments as I
desire. Do we have an understanding corporal?"

"Yes maam," Hayes said meekly.

"Now, strip your clothes and we will take you to a cell block where you can
spend the night. You should spend some time in Private Brown's shoes since you
are so interested in her."

The woman did not know what to do. She went down on one knee and undid her boots
first and removed them. She then pulled off her socks and stood barefoot on the
cold floor. Patterson saw her wince at the cold on her feet and smiled. If she
thinks this is cold, wait until she finds out what Brown deals with every day.

Linda began undoing her uniform pants and pulled them down. Patterson was
intrigued to see the regulation underpants covering her most private area. Hayes
began unbuttoning her blouse, her hands shaking as she went down. Finally the
buttons were through and she pulled her blouse off, revealing a very
conservative regulation cotton bra.

Standing there in just her bra and panties, the petite woman felt overwhelmed.
Both guards were nearly six foot and the sergeant was 6-2. Linda was barely over
5-2 and was a nurse in the army. She had been assigned here to keep her out of
combat.

"Not naked yet Corporal Hayes," Patterson said. "I could make it two days."

Without hesitation, Linda reached behind her and unclasped her bra, letting it
fall off her arms to reveal her small tits, barely bumps on her chest. She then
pulled down her panties to reveal her plump and prominent mound with tufts of
red hair above it.

Patterson saw her beauty and was instantly in love. This was the kind of woman
that turned her on. She had never been a lesbian but five years in charge of
this camp with only women changes your mind.

"Good. Now, guards, take Corporal Hayes to cellblock A. Put her in general
population. You will be sent for when your labors are to start."

General population? She started to panic but was easily handled by the bigger
guards and led off into the cold, dark night. She had spent an uneasy three
hours in Cellblock A...no one had touched her but several made overtures. She
was semi-relieved when the guards summoned her for work detail.

Back to the present, she huddled next to the warm air vent with Eloise.
"Corporal Hayes, I am so sorry you are in this mess. You have been nothing but
good to me and deserve better than this."

"It's okay Private, I made a mistake. I was trying to appeal to the officer over
Sergeant Patterson for some leniency for you. Obviously that was a bad plan
because he went right to Patterson and told her. Fuck, it's freezing out here.
How do you stand it?"

"I don't really...I have no choice so I survive. Here, stand closer to the vent,
I'm more used to the cold."

The prisoner stepped out of the way so that Hayes could slide her entire front
past the vent.

After all of that time praying for someone to talk to, now Eloise could not
think of anything to talk about. It had been nearly two years since her last
real conversation and she was out of practice.

"What was your life like before you were sent here," Hayes asked her.

How to answer that question, she wondered. "Well, I had a pretty bad childhood.
Parents were into booze and drugs. I was raised by a neighbor but never really
had a family. Until the army, that is."

"ALRIGHT CUNTS, ENOUGH TALK AROUND THE CHRISTMAS TREE. MOVE OUT AND CONTINUE
DIGGING."

Linda groaned but moved away from the warm air. The sting of the cold air was
worse somehow after being teased by the warm. She grabbed the shovel and dug
next to Eloise, the two of the them getting into an easy rhythm, much like they
were those overnights in Eloise's cell.

"ALRIGHT CUNTS, BREAK TIME." The two hours had passed quickly, even for Linda,
who hated being so exposed but didn't mind working. The cold kind of wore off
once you got into something.

The hole came up past her shoulders at this point, roughly four hours into the
project. Eloise was like a work horse, constantly moving. The past two years had
trained her that way.

The two nudes gathered at the heat vent. Some of the other prisoners had come
out to the yard to see what was happening...the word had spread that one of the
camp employees was working naked and everyone had come to gawk. Linda tried to
hide and her blush was readily apparent.

"Don't worry, they won't hurt you. It just feels like they will."

Linda looked at Eloise. She had assumed that this woman was a wild child. She
was tall and strong, not very feminine or lady like. But she had an inherent
sweetness about her that was mistakenly girlish.

"How do you do it Private Brown?"

"Please, call me Eloise. Or Ellie. My friends call me Ellie, at least they did
when I had friends."

"Okay Ellie, I'm Linda. Or Lynne. My sisters all call me Lynne. So, how do you
do it?"

"What choice do I have? I suffer through it, try to survive, then I go to my
cell and cry. Six hours later, it starts all over again. It's the perfect
definition of hell."

The girl had hit it right on the head. Like that Greek mythological figure that
had to push the boulder up the mountain, just to have it roll back over him when
he got to the top...or the man who was staked to the mountain and had his
insides eaten by birds only to have everything reborn overnight and it all
started again. Just when Eloise got through one trial, six hours later it
started again.

"COME ON NOW MOTHER FUCKERS! GET DIGGING."

The two reluctantly moved away from the heat vent. It went like this for the
rest of the day. Linda was forced to eat her meal like Eloise did...scraps and
crap left over from breakfast and that awful concoction to drink while on your
hands and knees in the yard. Eloise warned Linda that it tasted awful but the
woman was so thirsty she did not listen. She instantly threw it up but Eloise
cleaned it up to avoid her friend being punished.

Finally the day was nearly done. The sky had turned black hours ago yet the two
continued digging. They would put the dirt in a bucket and then Eloise would
carry it up the ladder. They were more than twice the size of Eloise into the
ground and it was cold.

"OK CUNTS, TIME TO FINISH UP. CORPORAL HAYES, COME ON UP PLEASE!"

The woman climbed the ladder and saw a huge pile of dirt at the top.

"CORPORAL, SERGEANT PATTERSON SAYS THAT YOU MUST DISPOSE OF THIS PILE ALONG THE
PERIMETER OF THE CAMP SO THAT IT IS COMPLETELY DISPERSED. YOUR PUNISHMENT WILL
END WHEN IT IS DONE. YOU ARE GIVEN THE CHOICE OF FINISHING IT NOW OR TOMORROW
MAAM, WHAT DO YOU CHOOSE."

"Maam, I would like to finish it in the morning maam."

"VERY GOOD CORPORAL. YOU WILL SPEND THE NIGHT IN CELLBLOCK A AS YOU ARE AND JOIN
PRIVATE BROWN OUT HERE AT 0400. GUARDS, PLEASE ESCORT CORPORAL HAYES TO HER NEW
BUNK."

The woman desperately wanted to give her friend a goodbye hug but instead she
was led away to spend the night with the prisoners. She yearned for her nice
warm pajamas in her comfy bed. But one more night is all she had to suffer
though, unlike Ellie who had two and a half more years.

Corporal Jenks turned her attention to the hole.

"NOW PRIVATE BROWN. CAN YOU LAY DOWN COMFORTABLY IN THAT HOLE?"

"No maam," came the barely audible answer. She was 15 feet underground in a
narrow hole.

"Well, that's a shame private, because that is your new home. Good night
Private."

"NOOO!" came her screams but a heavy wooden door was placed over the mouth of
the hole. Then a weighted metal anvil was placed on top of that, in case the
woman managed to climb the hole.

Jenks had exaggerated a little bit. This was going to be her home once in a
while, sort of like a vacation spot. Not that she was going to be vacationing
any time soon.




BEFORE THE ESCAPE-Part 13

The night began as the worst of any that Eloise had spent in the camp. She never
liked tight corners or the dark before the camp. She had learned to deal with
constant dark but hadn't come to grips with the small places. She screamed but
no one heard her. She tried to climb the walls but was unable to get a grip
anywhere. Plus she had heard them put something heavy on the door so even if she
climbed up, she would be unable to move the door.

She felt the walls around her. There was definitely no room for her to lay down.
The best she could hope for was to sit with her back against one wall and her
legs pulled up against her. She was too tall for anything else.

As she sat, she crossed her arms over her breasts to ward off the cold. That's
when she realized that she wasn't chained. For the first time in two years, she
was left unbound and alone. She was able to cover her body and touch her
body...touch anything she wanted. She felt the smoothness of her legs and feet.
She touched her belly and her arms. And then she teased her nipples, gently
caressing these hard, battered bumps.

As her left hand played with her breasts, her right hand moved downwards to her
vagina. It was like the first time a boy touched her, exploring her every inch,
exploring those girl parts that boys do not have. She was touching these things
as if they did not belong to her, like they were new and fresh instead of parts
that belonged to her since birth.

Her hand found her slit and she was surprised that it was wet down there. Her
body had become such a burden in recent years, a painful object of scorn,
ridicule and torture. But now, her body was giving her pleasure, something that
she had forgotten she could give herself.

It wasn't long before she came, the orgasm flowing through her body. And this
time she screamed it out, uncaring of who or what heard her. She screamed out
the pleasure she had given herself and added a "FUCK YOU ALL!" to anyone of her
tormentors who were possibly listening. The orgasm, following another
back-breaking day, was all she needed to fall into a deep sleep, despite the
discomfort of the position.

She felt something hit her on the head and cried out in pain. Her eyes needed to
adjust to the darkness but she soon saw a metal bucket thrown down to the bottom
of her hole, her new home.

"THAT'S YOUR TOILET FOR TODAY PRIVATE. I SUGGEST YOU USE IT. WHEN YOU ARE
FINISHED, I WILL SEND THE LADDER DOWN AND WE CAN START OUR DAY!"

She took the bucket and began the humiliating task of squatting over it and
peeing into the metal container. She heard her piss make a spraying sound as it
hit the metal. She also realized that she had to shit, something that she tried
to save for the toilet instead of in the compound. It was so humiliating to have
to grunt and poop in public and then clean up after herself. Usually she would
wait for those two or three times a week she was entitled to use the facilities.
Now she realized that this might be her only chance to use something besides the
ground.

She again squatted over the bucket, a difficult chore in these tight quarters,
and released. She heard the plop in the bucket and winced. She knew she would
have to dispose of it and also wipe.

"MAAM, I AM FINISHED," she yelled up to the hole. She could make out the early
morning sky above, not realizing how bright night can be when compared to a dark
hole.

She saw the ladder's shadow making its way down the hole. She grabbed the bucket
and climbed up, her bare feet on each rung. When she got to the top, she noticed
that Linda was waiting there and smiling at her.

"NOW CUNTS, YOUR JOB IS TO DISPERSE THIS PILE OF DIRT AROUND THE PERIMETER OF
CAMP. AND PRIVATE, YOU MUST DISPOSE OF YOUR EXCRIMENT SOMEWHERE AS WELL. GET
MOVING."

The two worked, each taking a shovel full of dirt and then walking to the
perimeter of the camp and spreading it out. It was mindless work, not so much
hard but tiring. Linda looked at her young friend and prisoner and saw her
scooping the fenceline. She knew the look on her face...she was figuring out a
way out of here. Lynne said a short prayer asking God to make it happen.

It took most of the morning but t�ey had finally dispersed the dirt. Linda was
freed to go back to Sgt. Patterson's office for her clothes and resume her
duties. Meanwhile Eloise was sent back to the perimeter to begin her running.
Again, Corp. Jenks rode alongside on her bike, trying to keep up with the nude
girl. As she went, Linda mouthed the words, "I love you Ellie, stay strong" to
the girl before Jenks looked up. Eloise smiled, happy with the knowledge that
someone here cared.



Eloise had pretty well worked out in her own mind the kind of pointless tasks
she would be assigned. She already was able to read the sadistic Sergeant like a
book. It was by studying her that she hoped to discover some weakness that she
could use to get away from here.

She was watched every second of the day and chained to her bed every night. She
would only ever get one chance - if that - and when it came she would have to
act and think fast.

One ray of hope lay in the fact that she was becoming physically more hardy
every day. The food might be nauseating but there was enough of it to sustain
her. She would be able to cover many miles barefoot over the wild countryside if
necessary. Clothing to cover her body was the first thing she would need, shoes
could come later. No chance of purloining any clothes from the camp, unless she
was able to overpower a guard and take her clothing! There's a thought. She
smiled at the thought of a naked and shivering Patterson, the only guard big
enough to wear the same large sized clothes that she once had.

"What the F*CK are you grinning at you pox- ridden lump of dung, you stinking
cow! Hurry up or you know what to expect"

Jenks pedaled faster - only a little - but enough to cause the exhausted girl
agonies as she moved into the sixth hour of her morning exercise and having to
run faster than ever.

Yes. I've got to get out of here, she thought. But HOW??

As Eloise ran the by now familiar early morning circuit of the camp she realized
that four months had passed since her resolve to escape had been formed and no
opportunities had as yet occurred. As her feet slapped on the wet surface -
gravel free for a while after she had spent yesterday sweeping it up and taking
it back to the heap in the center of the camp she thought how disappointed her
tormentors had been at the failure of the sharp stones to cut her feet on that
first awful day running over it after the snow had melted. They had kept her
running all morning for eight hours and after a break for midday meal all
afternoon as well from 12.30 to 6.30. She had been staggering as though drunk by
the time she had finished and her numbed brain had virtually ceased to function
as she felt the pain in her feet climbing up her body and invading every nerve.

She had spent the rest of the day digging and carrying heavy sacks of soil
backwards and forwards. They had not allowed her to rest the bags on her
shoulders but insisted she hold them above her head so that her arm and shoulder
muscles had stood out like cords and the poor young girl was almost ready to
shriek with pain.

She had slept as soundly that night as she ever had before and all too soon it
had been time to get up, her shackles were untied and she had been roughly
thrust under the shower, given her mug of tea and set upon her daily marathon.

Four months ago! March had arrived and the winter was nearly over. Happily for
her it had been pretty mild and the November snows had not been repeated. She
could not rely on such an easy time next year! There had better not be a next
year.

The rain had been falling with increasing intensity and ferocity for the entire
two hours that she had been running under the vicious tongue of Jenks. Suddenly
the heavens really opened and it seemed as though a solid sheet of water was
cascading over her. "Keep running you pathetic idle cow," shouted Jenks, the
hateful bitch.

Suddenly all went dark. The storm must have put out the power supply somehow!
Eloise pretended to stumble and fall and in an instant the Corporal was beside
her pulling on her arm and telling her to get up or the whip would be used on
her again. Her punishments had been increased in increments of five and her next
whipping would be thirty lashes laid on by the powerful arm of the no longer
squeamish Patterson. If she was around to serve it, that is.

As the Corporal leant over her to inspect the damage the inert girl exploded
into life and slammed her fist into the glass jaw above her. Jenks slumped to
the ground. Quickly Eloise tore the Heavy duty great coat of the prone woman and
dashed over to the no longer electrified fence. She shinned up the pole, her
bare legs wrapped around the course wood. This would have been unthinkable to
the girl just a few months ago but was now not even given a second thought. She
threw the coat over the barbed wire to protest her bare flesh. It would also
serve to cover her even if it was much to small for her to even get her arms
into.

"Must hurry," she thought to herself. "There may be an emergency generator and
it could come on and fry me at any second." She quickly got down the other side,
but the coat had become snagged and was out of her reach. "Can't waste any more
time".

She ran and she ran and she ran, through the driving rainstorm that would have
rendered her helpless two years ago. Now, after being hardened by endless
exposure to the weather, she soldiered on. For once there was a grim imperative
purpose in her running and she ploughed on for hour after hour.

The camp was back under full power in just 15 minutes and the guards set out
after her.  The atrocious weather, which was getting worse by the minute made an
early pursuit nearly impossible. The guards, much softer than the prisoner they
had been training, were unable to get a beat on her trail. Even if they had,
none of them were physically able to withstand the torturous weather nor would
they be able to follow her trail though the heavy woods. They gave up after
several disasterous attempts and, for all intents and purposes, Eloise was a
free woman.

But the nude girl did not know. Instead, she ran for her life, believing that
the sadistic guards were close on her bare tail. She ran, despite the sharp
twigs and rocks on her bare feet and the branches swiping at her breasts, arms,
face, legs and belly.

Finally, after running for nearly two hysterical hours, she stopped. The rain
was slowing and the light improving. Eloise, her hair matted to her forehead and
her body drenched, saw that there was a settlement of sorts a mile or two off
and a car parked outside one of the houses. Could she start it? "It's time I had
a break," she thought gasping in the rain as she approached, her pace not quite
a run but not slow either.

When she got to the car, she pulled at the handle, praying that there was no
alarm on it to alert the authorities. She was sure that several law enforcement
agencies were after her. Much to her delight, there was no alarm and for the
first time in hours she was dry and warm inside the car. The interior of the
vehicle would not have provided too much comfort for most people but for the
eternally naked prisoner, this was heavenly.

She shook her short hair, trying to get the excess water off. Out of the corner
of her eye, she caught a glimmer of silver and gasped. The careless driver,
anxious to get out of the rain, had left the key in the ignition.

"Thank you God," she said silently as she turned the key. Thankfully, the car's
engine turned over immediately and the girl slid it into drive, pulling quickly
out of the driveway and onto the deserted street. The girl barely remembered how
to drive after two years of not needing the skill. Before her time in the prison
camp, she had rarely driven in the army.

But the skills needed came back to her, her feet steadily pushing the gas petal
down, not needing the brake because hardly anyone was out on this rural road.

She sat back, her bare body feeling the soft cover of the seat. Her body was not
used to this luxury after being mistreated for two years. Two fucking years of
nonstop cruelty and torture, she thought.

She was starting to unwind and found a soft rock radio station on the radio.
Tears flowed out of her and down her cheeks at the feeling of finally being free
and the ability to listen to music. The horrors of the camp and the last two
years were flowing out of her...she had been unable to let these feelings out
during her time at the camp but now they flooded her.

The emotions got the best of her and she pulled over, unable to drive in the
rain and through her tears. If it had just been her and her body running, she
was sure she could have kept going...she had made it through worse. But in this
car, her instincts were foreign.

She got out, leaving the keys in the ignition, and took off into the woods,
knowing that her best chance of survival was on her own. She ran away from the
car and in the direction away from the camp as the sun set.

She was still nude, a condition that could have been quickly remedied...in the
trunk of the car was a suitcase of clothes from the woman who owned it. She had
just returned from a trip and had left the suitcase in the car instead of
dragging it in during the storm.

But Eloise was feeling lucky anyway. Her escape had come and she was free and on
her own.

Four hours later the still nude Eloise was near a large town. The naked girl
crept along an alleyway in the town of Pattersonville and climbed over a fence,
hoping to get inside one of the buildings and see if she could help herself to
something she could wear. She hated the idea of stealing, and would try to
return the clothes, if she could, once she was a properly free woman.

It had been an exciting day for Eloise. A chance in a million to escape, a quick
decision and a most satisfying K.O. punch to that horrible guard. Her hand still
ached - heaven knows what Jenk's jaw was like (broken in two places-she wouldn't
be using that foul mouth of hers for a long while)-and a race across the open
country in teeming rain. After all of those months of cursing the elements and
God, the driving electrical storm had been her salvation.

She had hidden up during the day in a unused barn on the edge of town and had
been warm for the first time in goodness knows how long. She had used the hay as
a blanket and slept unchained and free for the first time in years. She
luxuriated in the ability to move around, to spread her legs as wide as she
wanted and then also to close them tight, hiding her sex for the first time in
what seemed like forever. She hugged her knees up against her belly and crossed
her arms over her breasts and fell asleep, a sleep of complete and total
exhaustion.

She felt the warmth of the sun hitting her bare body. It was so strange to be
laying down asleep with the sunshine warming her. Her cell had always been dark
and the only sun she got was while she worked. This was awesome, the best
feeling she had had in years!

She heard the creak of the barn door and quickly jumped to a crouch. She sensed
the danger and cursed herself for sleeping. She should have gotten further away.

She looked for a place to hide and found none. She glanced out the window and
realized there was no ledge and about 40 feet to drop...the fall wouldn't kill
her but it would not be pretty either. Better to stay here and fight, she
thought.

"Ellie, I know you are here," the voice said.

Ellie? No one called her that but her friends and family. Was she dreaming
again?

"Ellie, it's me, Linda Hayes. I'm here alone and I won't hurt you."

Linda Hayes? Corporal Hayes from the camp. Shit.

"Linda, please I really like you. Don't make me kill you."

The other woman laughed as she made her way up the ladder. Ellie gasped when she
saw the women, naked as her, appear on the hayloft.

"What the hell are you doing naked?"

"Well, I wanted you to trust me and I figured I should be as naked as you to
make that happen."

Eloise relaxed, but only a little. She wanted to be sure this woman was alright.

"Why are you here? Did they send you?"

Linda laughed. "No, I am here on my own. I left the army last week...had wanted
to say goodbye but they would not allow it. Told me I had too much compassion
for you."

Eloise's face brightened. Was this really an ally?

"Actually, they have given up the search according to what I heard. Sergeant
Patterson had developed a healthy respect for you and when the initial crew
couldn't find you during the search, she called them off. Declared you dead to
the authorities."

Eloise fell to her knees, the hard hay pricking her bare skin but she didn't
notice. She was sobbing, disbelieving that the hell was over.

Linda rushed over and embraced the girl, feeling the sobs from the bare body
touching hers. "I know, it's over. You survived."

After nearly an hour of sobs, Eloise calmed. The two nudes sat as Linda
explained how she found her. "After the army, I took a job at a hospital in
Pattersonville. When I heard about the escape from one of my old friends and
then read about the stolen and abandoned vehicle, I figured it had to be you. No
one else would ever have given you a chance to be this far away from the camp.
After all, you were completely nude and the weather was hellish. But I knew it
had to be you."

Eloise squeezed closer to the other nude woman. "But why did you look for me?"

Linda turned and faced Ellie, her bare breasts and slit completely on display.

"Because I grew to love you. As a lover and a friend. I loved giving you
pleasure at night and I figured you needed some help."

Eloise leaned over and kissed the woman on the lips, her hands softly caressing
the naked breasts. "I believe I owe you something," she said in a voice barely
above a whisper. She moved her right hand down to the cleft between Linda's
legs. The woman moaned as Eloise's hands rubbed between the now soaked lips and
the girl slid a finger inside.

Linda had not had a lover in over a year. She had been stationed at that prison
and had been one of the few there who was not a lesbian. But Eloise was so
different from the other woman and Linda had felt a great affection for the
girl. She was so beautiful and had gone through so much.

Now, the yearning in Linda was so great and Eloise's fingers were magical,
touching those places where only another woman could touch. In less than a
minute, Linda was cumming, her body arched, her mouth open in a tremendous
orgasm that seemed to last forever. Finally, her body calmed, leaving her in
just a shiver.

"Thank you Ellie, but you don't owe me anything. Except your friendship."

"Deal," said the girl and the two women embraced and made soft, gentle love for
the rest of the morning.




EPILOGUE

The two awoke after dark, their nude bodies nestled together. Ellie followed
Linda down to the woman's van. There were two piles of clothes. Ellie cried as
she took each garment in her hands and pulled them over her body.

"Sorry there's no bra Ellie, I didn't know your size."

"Oh God, don't say sorry. You have done more than enough. This is fantastic...I
haven't worn clothes in so long."

"I must say, you look a little strange wearing clothes. I've never seen you
covered."

"Well, we could head back to your place and I could be uncovered again," Ellie
said teasingly. Linda laughed as she pulled on her own clothes. The two women
got into the van and drove off.


Sgt. Patterson was removed as warden of the women's camp after Eloise's escape.
She was placed in an office post at command headquarters where she served her
time until her tour was through.

Before she left her post as warden however, she created a trumped up charge
against Jenks as a payback for how awful the guard had been to Eloise. Jenks was
charged with helping the nude prisoner escape and she is sentenced to serve the
rest of Eloise's term with the same strenuous rules and demands, including the
nudity.

Now Jenks works the grounds of the prison, taking heaps of abuse from her former
coworkers. Jenks is not making out nearly as well as Eloise did and has earned
several harsh punishments. Now at night, while chained to the bed, she prays for
forgiveness for all of her bad actions against Eloise.

The former naked prisoner is a prisoner no more, but she is naked more than she
is clothed. Ellie changed her identity and she and Linda left town for good,
moving to a small place on the other side of the country. Linda took a job as a
nurse in another hospital. She and Ellie became roommates and, though they are
dating men, they are also regular lovers. No one has ever made either woman feel
as good as they do in each other's arms.

Ellie does all of the work in and around the their cozy, country cottage,
including the gardening. And she does it all in the nude. At first, she had
tried to wear clothes, had desperately wanted the covering that she had been
denied for so long. But as she worked, especially outside, she found them
suffocating, too confining. Linda told her that the cottage was so secluded that
it didn't seem to be a problem. So now, Ellie's body is still toned and tanned
all over, but she is choosing her life.

She still dreams a lot about Sara, hoping that her friend is in heaven. She
prays that they could meet up one more time and give each other the hug that
they both never got to give. But until then, she had Linda and that was
wonderful!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  katie lynch


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





